

 Fang Yuan did not turn around, he waved his hand as he stepped into the stargate, vanishing.


 “Hmph, rascal kid.” Lang Ya land spirit watched him disappeared as he muttered.


 After Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, he entered Dang Hun palace, starting on the matter of sealing Spring Autumn Cicada.


 He had already obtained small swamp Gu and pine island Gu, these were the final missing pieces.


 Seven days and seven nights later, Fang Yuan planted large numbers of Gu worms on his first aperture as well as the area around his stomach.


 These Gu worms’ effects were interlinked, they amplified each other and formed a strong seal. On one hand, they helped the first aperture to alleviate Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure. On the other hand, they expelled Spring Autumn Cicada’s partial aura towards the outside of his body after some modifications.


 Thirdly, and most importantly, the seal would not affect the activation of Spring Autumn Cicada.


 “This seal can last for four years. This way, I have resolved the problem of Spring Autumn Cicada bursting the first aperture for the time being.” Fang Yuan checked that there was no problem and sighed in relief.


 This tough problem was finally settled, he felt a pressure lifting off his shoulders.


 The process of sealing Spring Autumn Cicada was not easy. After all, he was using mortal Gu to seal an Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s soul was so exhausted it faded slightly.


 After succeeding in the sealing, Fang Yuan fell asleep, not wanting to get out of bed for three days.



***
Chapter 672 - Difficult problem of feeding Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Three days later, Fang Yuan slowly woke up.


 His heart was in serenity, he did not feel tired or restless anymore.


 “It seems that the zombie body cannot compare to a live physical body in one more aspect, that is, not only does my soul gets weakened more easily, it also is more prone to agitation.” Fang Yuan found another drawback of the zombie body.


 If the soul was weak, it could be easily resolved by using guts Gu to strengthen his soul. There were many guts Gu on Dang Hun mountain, these were all items of the highest quality for strengthening his soul.


 But the irritation of the soul required pacifying the soul. The best way to pacify the soul was to use the Bewitching Lake’s water, found in Obsession Death Domain. This water was recorded in >, it was praised by Verdant Great Sun as an excellent wine.


 Fang Yuan did not have the waters of Bewitching Lake, but even if he did, he would not dare to drink it. He used the ancient method, the most effective one — sleeping.


 “If I had a normal person’s body, I would just need to rest for a while in order to pacify the irritation in my soul. But after becoming a zombie, I would need to sleep for three days straight. Soul path involves strengthening the soul, refining the soul, and pacifying the soul, these three aspects, but most soul path Gu Masters focus on the first two. Now that I think about it, that should be because sleeping is an excellent way to pacify the soul, thus they did not need to invest in this aspect.”


 After sealing Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan gained a deeper understanding of soul path.


 Next, he calculated this month’s balance.


 After dealing with Lang Ya land spirit twice, he earned sixty immortal essence stones. But he also spent a lot.


 In treasure yellow heaven, he bought more than a thousand starlight firefly Gu, the killer moves spring star rain, icy yarn and six-nine stardust, large amounts of Gu refinement materials, large numbers of mortal Gu, as well as a group of old hairy men. And finally, to seal Spring Autumn Cicada, he bought small swamp Gu and pine island Gu, he spent a total of twenty immortal essence stones.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had thirty and a half immortal essence stones left.


 Do not think that this was a lot of immortal essence stones, Fang Yuan also spent much of his green grape immortal essence.


 When deducing Immortal Gu recipes, he could only do it by himself, the first time he traded with Lang Ya land spirit, he only had nine green grape immortal essence beads left. After the second deduction, he spent six immortal essence beads, and improving the sealing method on Spring Autumn Cicada consumed one bead, right now he had two beads left.


 It was necessary to improve Spring Autumn Cicada’s seal. Earlier, his estimated cost was twenty-three immortal essence stones. After the improvement, it fell to twenty. This way, he saved two immortal essence stones.


 Only having two beads of green grape immortal essence left was very dangerous. If he met with a mishap, Fang Yuan would only be able to use myriad self twice before he would be unable to deal with the situation, especially now, when Immortal Crane Sect was close to attacking.


 Fang Yuan used fifteen immortal essence stones, converting them into his own green grape immortal essence.


 This way, his green grape immortal essence rose to seventeen beads, while his immortal essence stones fell to fifteen and a half pieces.


 Right now, the crisis with Spring Autumn Cicada’s aperture had been temporarily resolved. And his predicament was also relieved after allying with Hei Lou Lan. Dealing with Lang Ya land spirit earned him huge amounts of immortal essence stones, it was the source of the strength to resolve Fang Yuan’s problems.


 The absolutely terrible situation was alleviated slightly. It was like a land of darkness with dark clouds looming, after Fang Yuan’s immense efforts, he managed to create an opening, allowing sunlight to pierce into the land of darkness.


 Right now in front of him, was another problem, and this problem had to be resolved quickly.


 That was the feeding of Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was not worried about feeding mortal Gu. But feeding Immortal Gu was becoming a huge issue.


 All in all, Fang Yuan had too many Immortal Gu, he had Spring Autumn Cicada, Fixed Immortal Travel, Calamity Beckoning, Delight in Water and Mountain, Worldly Wave Trace, Rising Azure Cloud, Cleanse Soul, Connect Luck, and Woman’s Heart.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals did not even have a single Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan had nine.


 This was a great boon, as well as a huge burden.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was fine, it consumed the water in the river of time, it did not need feeding.


 Fixed Immortal Travel was once fed with one bead of green grape immortal essence a year ago in central continent time, that could last for six years. But one year in central continent was not one year of time passing by for Fixed Immortal Travel. During this time it was in Imperial Court blessed land, Fang Yuan’s aperture, and Hu Immortal blessed land, all of these had faster time flow than central continent.


 And this six years was a theoretical number, the more Fang Yuan activated Fixed Immortal Travel, the more this time would shrink.


 Right now, although Fixed Immortal Travel could still hold on for a while, it was close to needing to be fed again.


 The remaining Immortal Gu were troublesome.


 These recent days, Fang Yuan had been investigating and finally obtained crucial information.


 Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu’s food was the black blood of the desolate beast, six headed snake.


 Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu needed large amounts of earth qi, water qi, and some laughter stones.


 Worldly wave trace Gu needed tens of thousands of underworld jellyfish, as well as thousands of deepsea lightning eels.


 Rising azure cloud Gu needed the dragon scale of the desolate beast, cloud dragon, as well as tens of thousands of eyeballs from wind scythe birds.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu needed the flesh and blood of over ten thousand white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 Connect luck Immortal Gu needed five thousand kilograms of sand from the resting area of the ancient desolate beast, worldly sand gull.


 As for the poison path Immortal Gu, Woman’s Heart, Lang Ya land spirit had earlier said that it fed on women’s hearts. This Gu combined nurturing and refinement, the more hearts used to feed it, the stronger the poison.


 “Among these Gu worms, calamity beckoning Gu was just refined, it already needs feeding and is very weak now. The Immortal Gu, Delight in Water and Mountain and Worldly Wave Trace, are components of the Immortal Gu House Water Pavilion, they had been inside Imperial Court blessed land all these years and have been fed well. Cleanse Soul, Connect Luck, Woman’s Heart and Rising Azure Cloud were all hibernating inside true inheritance secluded domain, during these many years, Giant Sun’s will had only fed them half of the resources they needed. Now that they are out of the true inheritance secluded domain, they have woken up fully and are extremely hungry, they need food.”


 “Thankfully, I passed Rising Azure Cloud to Lang Ya land spirit, with him feeding it, it will not die of hunger. I have also left two Immortal Gu, Landscape as Before and Man as Before, with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, that’s his problem to deal with.” Fang Yuan analyzed.


 Even so, the pressure on him was quite intense.


 Feeding Immortal Gu was not merely a question of immortal essence stones.


 This world was not like Earth, Earth was a highly commercialized society, as long as one had money, they could buy nearly anything.


 But in the Gu world, the economy was not developed, there were monopolies in many markets, and countless precious and rare resources. Immortal essence stones were a hard currency, but they could not serve all purposes.


 For example, looking at the food he needed, the desolate beasts six headed snake and cloud dragon, as well as the ancient desolate beast worldly sand gull, they were hard to come by and had great strength equivalent to Gu Immortals.


 Although treasure yellow heaven occasionally sold the flesh, bones and other parts of desolate beasts, they showed up infrequently and would be purchased within moments when they were available in the market.


 Even earth qi and water qi were not easy to extract.


 White lotus giant silkworm Gu and laughter stones were very rare goods, they were hardly seen in treasure yellow heaven.


 In contrast, Woman’s Heart was much easier to feed, although it was slightly troublesome, the difficulty was lower.


 There was another crucial point, that was time.


 Fang Yuan did not have ample time to slowly prepare these foods.


 Thus, he had no choice but to purchase these rare resources in treasure yellow heaven, even though this would make the price higher, and wisdom path Gu Immortals would be left with huge amounts of traces to make their deductions.


 But Fang Yuan was now known as Eight Arm Immortal, for the time being, no one would connect it to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Even if they would, he had to do this.


 After all, the survival of the Immortal Gu was much more important than being suspected!


 Of course, he had asked Lang Ya land spirit long ago, as well as Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, unfortunately he did not get ideal results from them.


 Lang Ya land spirit had once owned laughter stones, but he had used them up when refining Gu.


 And several years ago, there was a Gu Immortal who returned from eastern sea, sending Fairy Li Shan a batch of deepsea lightning eels. But there were only a hundred of them, and they were merely used as ornamental attractions. Later, because Fairy Li Shan did not take good care of them, all of these eels died.


 But this gave Fang Yuan a reminder.


 Eastern sea...


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, when he was a mortal, he traveled over the five regions, he went everywhere and had once stayed in eastern sea for a while.


 Eastern sea had abundant resources, the most in the five regions, even central continent could not compare to it.


 Moreover, over these recent years, eastern sea had been in turmoil, there were many opportunities available there, and the benefits would be huge too.


 If Fang Yuan had not been stuck with Dang Hun mountain’s problem, and due to Tai Bai Yun Sheng being the easiest path to resolving it, his first choice would have been eastern sea.


 Thinking about Lan Xu blessed land, blue dragon whale, rainbow island and so on, Fang Yuan made his decision.


 He summoned Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Old Bai, how has your cultivation been?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed heartily, he could not stop talking: “Its great, my progress is very smooth. I helped Lang Ya land spirit repair his cloud soil and earned three immortal essence stones. Next, I restored several rivers and earned another two immortal essence stones. I then bought the defensive killer move nine cloud ring, spending two immortal essence stones. Finally, I bought seeds of float ball tea in treasure yellow heaven, spending another stone.”


 “Float ball tea seeds are very common, you actually spent an entire immortal essence stone, it seems you bought a huge quantity. But your choice is correct, I have seen your blessed land, there are far more time path resources than space path resources. Float ball tea grows slowly and floats in the air. You can maximize your advantages and minimize your weaknesses. In a few years, when the float ball tea plants mature, you will be able to reap the harvest and sell them.” Fang Yuan evaluated.


 “That is exactly the case.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng patted his leg: “After the float ball tea plants reach a certain scale, I will bring in a group of jade hummingbirds, developing my blessed land with that as the base.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, saying: “Jade hummingbirds are mutated beasts, the price of a jade hummingbird group will not be cheap.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng replied calmly: “I have already thought about it, from now on I will use Landscape as Before to earn immortal essence stones, and learn from Fairy Li Shan’s example. I believe my Landscape as Before is not inferior to Fairy Li Shan’s mountain pledge Gu.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “You have landscape as before Gu, wherever you go, you will be extremely popular.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed: “It is a pity that showing myself in public is inconvenient now, we are the only survivors after Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed. Right now, we are already considered the top suspects by northern plains’ Gu Immortals. If we are exposed, the consequences would be unthinkable. Also, the most crucial witness, Ma Hong Yun, has vanished, it seems a certain Gu Immortal is holding him captive, it is possible that we might have already been targeted by some Gu Immortals.”


 “That is why I think that eastern sea would be a good place for you to go.” At this point, Fang Yuan finally stated his true intentions.



***
Chapter 673 - Thousand Wish Tree


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Eastern sea?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was surprised.


 “Right. There are many sea areas in eastern sea, the culture and style there are greatly different from northern plains. You will certainly have great benefits when you go there. Especially in one of the sea areas, air bubble sea. This sea produces abundant air bubble fish but due to a fight between Gu Immortals recently, it has been poisoned. The owners of this sea area, Ni clan, Qiu clan and Ba clan are having headaches because of this.” Fang Yuan explained.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately became excited: “This feels like a major business opportunity. Junior brother, you are right, we can’t move in northern plains but we can go to eastern sea. There are regional walls between the five regions, and the higher one’s cultivation, the more difficult it is to cross these barriers. But we have Fixed Immortal Travel and can thus ignore the regional walls.”


 “However, Old Bai, you need to be careful. Gu Immortals might not be able to casually travel between regions, but the disturbance in northern plains is too large and is already known by the other four regions, too. Central continent’s ten great sects have deep foundations and even their own pawns in all the other regions. I had planned to seize Immortal Gu Dark Limit before going to eastern sea, but there has not been much progress at Hei Lou Lan’s side. Danger will lurk everywhere in this trip, you need to be extremely careful.” Fang Yuan sincerely reminded.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was deeply moved: “I understand, but junior brother, you don’t need to worry. I have been wandering around in northern plains for most of my life, I might not be too skilled in a head-on confrontation but I still have more than enough ability to protect myself.”


 Fang Yuan nodded. He also acknowledged this point, otherwise he would not have arranged for Tai Bai Yun Sheng to go to eastern sea.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was experienced and knowledgeable along with being a flying master, thus his escaping ability was top-notch. Moreover, he now possessed a formidable cloud path defensive killer move, nine cloud ring.


 “When you enter eastern sea, don’t immediately make dealings with Ni, Qiu and Bai clans, instead proceed to Hai Shi blessed land. Among the five great trading markets in the world, treasure yellow heaven is first and Hai Shi blessed land is second. Hai Shi blessed land should have missions for saving air bubble sea, you can then use this pretext to get in contact with the three clans and save a lot of trouble.” Fang Yuan reminded.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng agreed: “I will definitely go make a trip to Hai Shi blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan continued: “I need some specific food to feed my Immortal Gu: tens of thousands of underworld jellyfish and thousands of deepsea lightning eels. These two are specialities of eastern sea. Also, see if there are any laughter stones in Hai Shi blessed land, the blood of the desolate beast, six headed snake, and cloud dragon scales. This is the list of items I require, here.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng accepted the list and revealed a serious expression: “Junior brother, your matters are my matters as well. I will be sure to settle this with all my effort.”


 Fang Yuan gave a bright smile: “Old Bai, just do your best. Before departing, I hope you can make a trip to Dang Hun mountain and consume some guts Gu. This Gu is among the highest quality Gu around for strengthening one’s soul, it is always best to be prepared just in case.”


 “Junior brother, here we go again! I have said it many times, these guts Gu are your property, how can I covet your wealth as a senior brother!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately refused. This was already his sixth time refusing such an offer.


 Fang Yuan was already his benefactor, he, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, placed this favor deep in his heart, never to be forgotten, so how could he covet Fang Yuan’s guts Gu?


 Fang Yuan mumbled before conceding: “Strengthening the soul is extremely beneficial for you, how about this, I will sell these guts Gu to you for one immortal essence stone. It just so happens that I lack immortal essence stones to buy food for my Immortal Gu.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to say something but Fang Yuan waved his hand and continued: “Senior brother, danger will be lurking on all sides during this trip to eastern sea, I hope you will arm and prepare yourself properly, otherwise, if some accident occurs to you, I will feel guilty. I try to pay attention to all details when I do something, I hope you can understand.”


 His words contained sincerity and genuine friendship.


 Especially when Fang Yuan called him ‘senior brother’ which he rarely said, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes reddened, he rapidly blinked his eyes and breathed out: “Alright, I understand your intent, junior brother, we will make this transaction.”


 A day later, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had made all the preparations and left Hu Immortal blessed land together with Fang Yuan, arriving at eastern sea.


 “I will hand over both moving perspective cup Gu and stargate Gu to you. We will maintain contact frequently, if there is any significant matter, please inform me beforehand.” Fang Yuan reminded.


 “Junior brother, go back without any worries. If Immortal Crane Sect attacks, don’t forget to call me!”


 Fang Yuan nodded and without saying anymore, he activated Fixed Immortal Travel, disappearing from the spot.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng stored the stargate Gu and looked at the surrounding sea, after identifying the direction, he rapidly began flying.


 When he appeared again, Fang Yuan had arrived at western desert.


 He was standing on an exceedingly tall sand dune, all around him was a boundless desert with countless sand dunes extending everywhere.


 The scorching sun shone down, there was no wind and the temperature was so high it made one have the feeling of being broiled. But Fang Yuan had an immortal zombie body and did not feel even a trace of warmth.


 The coarse and fine sand granules shone like gold under the sunlight.


 Fang Yuan looked at the sand dune under him. This sand dune was several times taller than other sand dunes. It shone with golden light and its contours were soft and smooth; the whole sand dune was a scene of nothingness except for a short tree on the peak.


 This tree was not even eight feet tall, the branches were short, thin and twisted like monstrous claws, making it look extremely ugly. But the strange thing was, it had an enormous shadow of light.


 This shadow of light was extremely large, reaching five or six hundred feet. The shadow of light was like a flourishing tree with many branches and leaves. The tree branches were white as snow, the flowers were pink like cherries. There were clusters of small fruits among the floral leaves that had yet to ripen, with all sorts of colors.


 This tree’s origin was huge; it was an ancient desolate tree, named thousand wish.


 It would finish growing in three hundred years, flower at its six hundredth year and bear fruit at the nine hundredth year.


 The number of fruits it produced was always precisely one thousand.


 Right when the fruits completely ripened, people could bring Gu recipes and make a wish under the tree. If the wish succeeded, the fruits would open and the corresponding Gu worms would fly out.


 These Gu worms could be mortal Gu and also could be Immortal Gu!


 But if a wish for Immortal Gu succeeded, the amount of fruits would decrease accordingly.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this desolate tree had caused a huge battle among western desert’s Gu Immortals. Finally, several super forces came to an agreement and tried to partition this tree between themselves.


 But on the day the fruits ripened and fell down, all sizes of forces, big and small, allied and burst through the blockade created by the super forces, causing chaos throughout the place.


 A lone cultivator rank five Gu Master, with the surname Han and name Li, unexpectedly became the first to arrive under the thousand wish tree, his wish gave him a space path Immortal Gu named Phantom Heaven.


 Fang Yuan was a rank four Gu Master back then who sought to obtain profits in the chaos. After experiencing great dangers and difficulties, he arrived before the ancient desolate tree, and was also able to obtain a Gu worm.


 But this Gu worm was only a rare rank four Gu.


 Even so, this rare rank four Gu gave a tremendous boost to Fang Yuan’s battle strength.


 “Back then, I had to fight through such a tight siege defense to arrive in front of this tree, and the fruits were already sparse by then, only fifty or sixty were left. I have now arrived here in this life, but it’s too early. The fruits still require over two hundred years to completely mature.”


 Fang Yuan’s heart was deeply moved and he smacked this ancient desolate tree, but the thousand wish tree did not even budge.


 This desolate tree had astonishing defense and could continue to stand tall against the attacks of Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had a deep impression of it.


 The regretful thing was that not long after that chaotic battle, Xi clan’s rank eight ancestor, Xi Jian Ping, exited his seclusion and suppressed all the experts forcefully, his might awing the entirety of the great desert; the thousand wish tree was taken away by Xi clan and planted at Xi clan’s blessed land. Since then, Fang Yuan had not been able to see the thousand wish tree again.


 Fang Yuan did not have methods to transplant the thousand wish tree, even if he had, he did not have any place to plant it in.


 Hu Immortal blessed land had a terrain of grassland and not desert terrain.


 The thousand wish tree required this kind of extreme environment to survive. Moreover, if the thousand wish tree was moved impulsively now, the floral leaves along with the thousand wish fruits would wither and fall, wasting the previous millennium of effort.


 Fang Yuan walked down the sand dune and left this place.


 Only after walking for a whole half a day and countless li, he had truly left the range of the thousand wish tree.


 Fang Yuan glanced back; there was only flat desert with no signs of sand dunes let alone the gorgeous shadow of light of the five to six hundred feet tall tree.


 He was not surprised.


 This thousand wish tree had an ability of shrouding a radius of a huge distance in illusion. When leaving this illusion, one must leave on foot. And approaching it was extremely troublesome; the illusion would emerge repeatedly and could even make people move around the same spot without realizing.


 “It was because of this that I and others could fish for benefits.” Fang Yuan smiled. He had Fixed Immortal Travel so he could ignore this illusion.


 However, the goal of this trip was not this ancient desolate tree.


 It was instead the person who had gained enormous benefits from a thousand wish fruit and became a Gu Immortal expert later.


 This person’s name was Han Li.


 “Han Li was a mortal. But after repeated fortuitous encounters, his nature became steadfast and courageous. His starting point was much lower than mine, when he had just started his cultivation, I was already a rank three Gu Master in southern border. But at the time of my self-detonation, he had already become a Gu Immortal at the peak of rank seven, a famous powerhouse of western desert. Many influential figures of central continent’s ten great sects suffered losses from him. But right now, he is only just a child. According to the , he should be living in a mortal hamlet near Huang clan.”


 Fang Yuan’s target was Han Li.


 Ever since Fang Yuan understood the effect of connect luck Immortal Gu, he had intended to use his rebirth advantage to get rid of the weakness of Spring Autumn Cicada wearing down his luck.


 He planned meticulously and ruled out many people, leaving behind only a few targets.


 Han Li was one of them.


 These targets were people who would attain great success in the future, having large potential, as well as huge luck.


 People like Hunting King Sun Gan of southern border, who would only be at rank five all their lives, were simply ignored by Fang Yuan.


 Little Immortal Xing Luo was a Gu Immortal but her luck was not good and she would at most reach a small scale of fame, Fang Yuan ignored her too.


 There was Shi Chao Yu, who would be able to become a rank seven Gu Immortal, but his journey was filled with ups and down, his luck was definitely not good and he was also excluded.


 Only people like Han Li and Ma Hong Yun, who had smooth journeys with repeated fortuitous encounters, were Fang Yuan’s targets.


 However, Ma Hong Yun’s whereabouts were unknown at present and Fairy Li Shan was exerting her full efforts to investigate it; Fang Yuan’s first target thus became Han Li.


 After leaving the thousand wish tree, Fang Yuan used mortal Gu to disguise as a man with a yellowish face and a robust body. Then he directly flew towards Huang clan.



***
Chapter 674 - Monolith Luck


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The entirety of western desert was a vast desert. Oases were like stars in the sky, shining among this sea of sand.


 Humans lived here by relying on the oases.


 Western desert, Sha Jing oasis.


 Huang clan as an upper tier force had hundreds of years of history here, they occupied the most important resources at the center of this oasis.


 At the outer parts of the oasis, there were small sized forces that submitted to this Huang clan.


 At the even further outer areas, near the fringe of Sha Jing oasis, there were mortal villages. These mortals had a tough life, they had huge numbers and were all under the control of Huang clan and other forces of Gu Masters.


 In these villages, there was a Han village, near Han village, there was a small natural grassland.


 Although it was called a grassland, it was much more desolate than northern plains, there was sand everywhere and blades of red dagger grass were sharp as swords, stabbing into the deep parts of the sand, trying to absorb the meager water content.


 A group of children were bending their backs, holding sickles as they laboriously cut down these grasses.


 These children were not even ten years old, but they had to come out and work, to make money for the family, this was common in mortal families.


 The dagger grass had sharp edges, these children were all wearing leather gloves, but there was one without gloves.


 This bare handed child sniffed his mucus as he held the sickle, cutting the dagger grass and placed them into the basket on his back.


 The radiance of the setting sun was still very hot, these children were all breathing roughly as it shined on them, sweat pouring on their backs.


 Finally, the sky turned darker, as the sun was at the horizon, only half of it could be seen now, as the children stopped their work.


 “Quickly leave, it is night time, the small ghost jackals are coming out to hunt for food.” The child with the largest body frame spoke, like he was their leader.


 “How much did you gather? Wow, that’s a lot!” As usual, they started comparing with each other.


 “I ate until I was full today, that’s why I have strength, hehe.”


 “But the grass that you cut is still less than Han Li.”


 “Hey, Han Li, you are amazing, you can cut the grass without wearing gloves, yet there are no injuries on your hands, how did you do it?” A small lass with a ponytail asked.


 Han Li giggled.


 The children returned to the village together, they were talking excitedly along the way, when they returned to the village, they split up, returning to their homes.


 Han Li returned home too, he pushed the broken wooden door and realized that his parents were not back yet.


 His father was a farmer, he was planting wire cotton at the west part of the village, he had been plowing the fields these days, going out early and returning home late.


 His mother had a job that everyone in the village admired. Every day she would enter the outer area of the oasis, doing odd jobs and cleaning for a small sized Gu Master clan.


 Han Li stood beside one quern-stone, he poured the dagger grass in his basket inside, then he picked up a wooden pole and ground the grass down.


 He put in a lot of effort, before long, he was full of sweat.


 After the grass was turned into paste, he took out a bag and poured a portion of the rice husks inside into the quern-stone as well.


 He mixed them together, creating a paste-like food ingredient.


 He poured the food into a wooden basin.


 Next, he brought the wooden basin to the side of the house.


 There was a flimsy looking stable beside the house, inside were three fat sand scorpions.


 These sand scorpions were fat like pigs, they were no threat at all. Upon hearing Han Li’s footsteps, the three fat sand scorpions rushed out from the shadows of the stable.


 “Go ahead and eat, these were all cut down by me painstakingly.” Han Li flipped over the wooden basin, pouring the paste-like food on the ground.


 The three fat sand scorpions surrounded the food and ate, they chewed loudly and made a humming noise.


 “Eat, eat, eat more and grow faster...” Han Li’s small body was sprawled on the stable, he looked at these sand scorpions as he muttered.


 These fat sand scorpions were not Gu, they were ordinary creatures.


 But the meat of the scorpion was plump and delicious, the money obtained after selling the meat would be a huge sum for the entire mortal family.


 To Han Li’s family, these three fat sand scorpions were their most important assets. Thus, even if Han Li did not get to eat dinner himself, he had to feed these three fat sand scorpions.


 Gulp, gulp, gulp...


 At this time, Han Li’s stomach started growling.


 Han Li jumped down from the fence, he rubbed his tummy and returned home, starting to cook dinner.


 He had to cook dinner for his family every day.


 The rice they ate was the most common sand rice in western desert, the texture of this rice was very bad, it was hard to swallow. But it was easy to cultivate, it was the main crop that mortals ate.


 As Han Li worked next to the stove, he did not know that someone had been watching him for half the day.


 As night descended, at the graveyard that was several li away from Han village, Fang Yuan was sitting still like a statue.


 The reason he chose this place was because of how deserted it was.


 At night, Fang Yuan came here and activated up to a thousand investigative Gu, he put the whole of Han village under his supervision.


 The primeval essence of Gu Immortals was unlimited, as long as they had enough Gu worms, they could do things at the efficiency of thousands of mortals or more.


 In the darkness, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes, he assessed: “The age fits, it should be this kid.”


 As he thought about it, he activated the rank five luck inspection Gu.


 Looking from afar, he saw that above Han village there was a lump of a luck cloud. This luck cloud’s size was not big, it was grey-white and looked very thin.


 This was a collection of luck, these villagers had a sense of belonging, thus they felt that they were a collective body, resulting in their luck gathering together.


 Fang Yuan looked below the luck cloud.


 Smoky traces of luck were rising from the villagers, after rising for two hundred meters, they merged into the luck cloud.


 And among the traces of luck in the luck cloud, there was one especially eye-catching portion of luck.


 This luck was like a huge stone, it was floating in the air above Han Li’s family, a hundred steps away from the ground. There was a crack on the surface of the stone, and a trace of luck was leaking from that crack, it had a golden color and was rising up, fusing into the collective luck cloud.


 “What luck is this?” Fang Yuan looked in amazement.


 He did not obtain the luck path true inheritance, he was quite unfamiliar with the meaning of the different forms of luck.


 For the time being, he decided to name this form of luck, calling it monolith luck.


 Only Han Li was at his home right now, seeing this, Fang Yuan could confirm that Han Li was the future rank seven Gu Immortal, the guy with countless fortuitous encounters.


 Fang Yuan then tried to look above him, but saw nothing.


 “What a pity, after becoming an immortal zombie, I cannot detect my own luck anymore, unless I get the rank six luck inspection Gu. But who knows how my luck is now? Is it still the black coffin luck?” Fang Yuan muttered to himself, he had always been very curious towards luck.


 But just as he was about to take out connect luck Gu, he heard someone shouting: “Little thief Ling Hu, you are hiding here, do you think I, Plump Lady, can’t find you! I chased you for countless miles, quickly return my immortal essence stones!”


 Fang Yuan was secretly shocked, he turned around and looked, only to see a human figure made of moving sand, shouting at him from far away.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, he shouted: “Plump Lady? You got the wrong person, I am not the person you are chasing.”


 “Bullshit! Little thief Ling Hu, everyone knows you are an expert in disguise, do you think that I would not recognize you when you disguise your appearance like this! You have some guts, stealing from me, I will beat you till your intestines are blown out!!”


 Not only was the human shaped moving sand figure shouting, at the same time, there was a furious growl in the air as well.


 The voice was like thunder, it pierced heaven and earth. The entire oasis was shocked by this and went into chaos!


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply, he did not think that by disguising as a normal human and hiding his zombie appearance, he would unexpectedly be treated as a thief by someone else.


 He stood up and turned around to look.


 Only to see that at the north-east area, yellow sand was flying in the air and intense winds were blowing, the sound of the wind was like the roaring of beasts, continuous and loud.


 The yellow sand on the formerly peaceful ground was whipped up like tidal waves in the sea.


 The sand waves attacked one after another.


 Fang Yuan took a deep look at the monolith luck, before moving his body and charging towards the attacker head on.


 Soon after, he saw the culprit.


 This was an extremely fat female Gu Immortal, she had a thick waist and broad shoulders, she was like a water tank. She stood on the yellow sand waves as she arrogantly and furiously looked at Fang Yuan.


 She stretched out a finger, scolding: “Little thief Ling Hu, you...”


 Just as she spoke, Fang Yuan attacked!


 “Heavenly zombie transformation!” Fang Yuan purposely shouted, before removing his disguise, showing his immortal zombie appearance.


 At once, a six meter tall monster with a green face and sharp fangs, blood red eyes, eight monstrous arms and bulging muscles appeared before the female Gu Immortal, Plump Lady.


 He looked ruthless and terrifying, radiating killing intent.


 Plump Lady was shocked, she said: “You...”


 Fang Yuan stepped on the ground, causing a loud sound, the ground was cracking under his pressure, as he flew towards Plump Lady like a cannonball.


 Plump Lady saw Fang Yuan’s ruthless charge and her heart shook, she quickly raised her arms.


 Swish swish swish!


 Three huge sand waves immediately rose into the air, reaching hundreds of meters in height.


 The huge waves came crashing, Fang Yuan snickered as he raised his speed, crashing towards them.


 Bam bam bam!


 In the blink of an eye, he scattered the three huge sand waves and appeared before Plump Lady.


 Plump Lady’s heart was pounding, she finally realized she had found the wrong person. But she was someone with a fiery temper, Fang Yuan’s fierce and ferocious actions aroused her anger.


 “I’ll let you taste my killer move — martial sand armor!” She shouted loudly, as two traces of yellow sand gushed out from her ears, the sand quickly gathered and enveloped her entire body.


 In a few breaths of time, she had turned into a sand giant that was about the size of Fang Yuan, but she had a thicker body.


 Fang Yuan charged forward, as the sand giant roared, slamming with both its arms, displaying unrivalled fearlessness.


 Boom boom!


 With two loud bangs, the eight armed immortal zombie’s fists met with the sand giant’s.


 The sand giant’s fist scattered into yellow sand, while Fang Yuan’s fists were fractured.


 Plump Lady took a step back, as the scattered yellow sand merged to create the sand giant’s fists again. Fang Yuan, however, took a huge step forward, while his fractured fists were recovering rapidly, his remaining six fists slammed at the sand giant.


 Crash crash crash...


 At once, the two engaged in fierce combat, yellow sand was flying in the air as the sound of bones breaking could be heard continuously.


 Plump Lady was more shocked as she fought on: “Who is this person? Why is he so insane like a demon, he is even more ruthless and fearless than me!”



***
Chapter 675 - Dead


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan laughed wickedly, his eight arms turned into fists and slammed, they opened into palms, slashing and smacking, they also became claws or piercing fingers, he showed his immense attainment in close combat.


 Plump Lady relied on martial sand armor’s thick defense normally to engage in her relentless assaults, she was used to bullying other Gu Immortals. But in front of Fang Yuan, she was at the losing end.


 Fang Yuan’s fist shadows were flying, he moved nimbly as Plump Lady desperately dealt with his attacks, she could only parry his attacks but not retaliate.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan saw an opening and got close to her, his eight arms were like pythons coiling around her, as his two monstrous claws destroyed the sand giant’s two arms like a drill.


 The sand giant roared, knocking its fat tummy towards him.


 Fang Yuan snickered in his heart, he had been expecting this, his figure moved quickly as he flew to the sky above the sand giant.


 His left knee slammed towards it, and with a bang, the sand giant’s head was scattered.


 Before the yellow sand regenerated, Fang Yuan’s right leg chopped at it like a battle axe.


 Bam!


 The yellow sand scattered, as the defensive killer move was broken, Plump Lady vomited a mouthful of blood, collapsing to the ground like a falling meteor.


 Fang Yuan tore the yellow sand open, like an eagle scavenging for food, he flew down from the sky, bringing the intense winds with him, he was bent on killing Plump Lady.


 Plump Lady who was falling saw Fang Yuan chasing her and showed an expression of fear.


 She attempted to pull some distance from him, but Fang Yuan’s speed was faster.


 Bam!!


 With a loud explosion, Fang Yuan charged down from a high altitude, directly slamming Plump Lady into a deep part of the desert.


 Large amounts of yellow sand was sent flying, the huge impact created a large circular crater, it was a thousand steps wide and about thirty meters deep.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan stood at the pit of the crater, he had a surprised look as Plump Lady’s ‘corpse’ suddenly disintegrated into a pile of sand.


 At the same time, he heard her shrill laughter from the air: “Oaf, I will let you taste my attacking killer move — Burial Dragon Sand Coffin!”


 As she said this, the yellow sand around the crater gushed down like tidal waves, filling up the entire round crater.


 Fang Yuan could not dodge in time, he was buried within.


 The surface of the desert was as flat as a mirror, Plump Lady’s mouth was oozing with blood as she sat on a lump of yellow sand, her palms were placed together as her eyes were staring wide open, activating her killer move maniacally.


 On the surface of the mirror-like desert, the sand statue of a certain horned dragon appeared.


 This horned dragon statue coiled around, the dragon’s head bit its tail, gathering the surrounding sand and forming a great force to suppress Fang Yuan who was under the sand.


 The intense battlefield had turned peaceful once more.


 “Huff!” Plump Lady let out a breath of turbid air, she wiped her sweat as she finally relaxed: “It is over. My burial dragon sand coffin can form an incomparable pressure, emitted on my enemy in all directions. Once my enemy is trapped, they cannot move until they are turned into meat paste. In the past, I forcefully suppressed a desolate beast, evil dragon, not to mention restraining a lone zombie?”


 Plump Lady muttered to herself, her words had great effect as she quickly calmed herself down.


 But right at this moment, there was a loud explosion from beneath the ground —


 Bang!


 “What sound is that?” Plump Lady’s body shook, she became nervous again.


 Bang!


 The loud bang could be heard again, it was like there was a giant underground beating a drum.


 “Damn it, it is my burial dragon sand coffin!” Plump Lady became alert, she stood up abruptly, but her vision turned dark, her body was swaying as she almost fell onto the yellow sand on the ground.


 She was indeed injured.


 When Fang Yuan tore the martial sand armor, his strong punch had heavily injured her.


 At the crucial moment, she used her killer move as a body double, attracting Fang Yuan’s attention as she hid inside the yellow sand that was flying all over the place.


 After that, she used her killer move burial dragon sand coffin and trapped Fang Yuan underneath the sand.


 “Impossible! Even a desolate beast, evil dragon met its end under my killer move’s power. This killer move is worth at least three immortal essence stones in treasure yellow heaven!” Plump Lady spoke to herself.


 Bang!


 Right at this moment, there was another explosion.


 The originally fearsome and powerful evil dragon statue shook, it was covered in cracks as sand fell off the statue.


 Plump Lady’s heart shuddered along with it, she stared with her eyes wide open, her gaze was fixed on the desert below her feet.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 The loud sound descended again, it became more and more frequent, the ground was shaking along with it.


 Plump Lady’s mouth was dry, her heart was pounding from shock as she felt that her killer move was not trapping a person, she was trapping a fearsome monster that was even fiercer than the desolate beast evil dragon!


 Bam!


 The huge dragon statue could suppress him no longer, it completely disintegrated.


 The surface of the desert swelled up like a tumor, sand burst out and rained down, as a huge figure appeared before Plump Lady once again.


 It was a moonless night, winds were blowing intensely, giving off an eerie and scary feeling.


 An eight armed monster that was six meters in height, Fang Yuan who had a green face and sharp fangs was like a demon god incarnate, he bought fear and nightmares to this world.


 Different from before, he was covered in a black armor, the armor was spiky and looked very fearsome. It was extremely thick and could make Fang Yuan’s tall and mighty heavenly zombie body become even more imposing, his demonic aura was oozing everywhere.


 This was Fang Yuan’s defensive killer move!


 If Plump Lady lived for another four hundred years, she would recognize this: During the chaotic five regions war, this was the most common defensive killer move, ‘hair armor’. It had the rank five indestructible steel mane Gu as its core, with several hundred Gu worms as assistance, it allowed a Gu Immortal to grow an absurd amount of hair all over their body, to form body armor. Not only was this cheap and efficient, it had great defense and the Gu worms used were easy to replenish if they were damaged.


 After Fang Yuan became an immortal zombie, his hair had become tough as steel, when he used hair armor, the effect was greater than most ordinary bodies of Gu Immortals.


 Using hair armor and his immortal zombie body, he took on burial dragon sand coffin directly without taking any injury!


 This killer move had appeared four hundred years in advance, Plump Lady could not recognize it, but it did not hinder her from evaluating this killer move’s value.


 “This defensive killer move is stronger than my martial sand armor. If it is sold in treasure yellow heaven, it would be sold at two and a half immortal essence stones!”


 Thinking of this, Plump Lady’s battle intent fell again: “Sir, I am Mo clan’s Gu Immortal, I am chasing a thief, I mistook you for him. I believe that you are not Ling Hu Xu now, this is a misunderstanding! It is said that friends are often made after a fight, we should...”


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly: “Hehehe, interesting. Mo clan’s Gu Immortal, if I kill you, it will surely be very enjoyable.”


 This was the first time Fang Yuan had spoken in this battle. His voice was hoarse and terrible to listen to, Plump Lady shuddered when she listened to him.


 Mo clan was a super force in western desert, an overlord that dominated a territory.


 But Fang Yuan was fearless, he had no consideration for Mo clan at all.


 Plump Lady’s heart sank to rock bottom: “Where did this demonic cultivator come from? Such incredible battle strength, high quality among rank six Gu Immortals, yet he is so arrogant and ruthless!”


 Next, Plump Lady saw a pair of wings growing on Fang Yuan’s back, his wings were black that of a bat’s, black and huge, they flapped!


 The bat wings vanished like an illusion, but it caused Fang Yuan’s body to shoot forward at lightning speed.


 “So fast! This is a killer move especially for movement!!” Plump Lady’s pupils shrunk, she had made up her mind to run.


 She screamed shrilly, her plump face could not conceal the immense fear and shock she felt.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was getting close, Plump Lady’s body burst out with a dazzling yellow light. The yellow light caused her body to move back rapidly, she escaped in the opposite direction at lightning speed.


 Fang Yuan activated the movement killer move ‘light illusion bat wings’ again, but could not catch up to her.


 A few breaths later, Plump Lady vanished into the horizons.


 “Plump Lady suffered a huge loss, she even used her killer move light sand escape, her foundation will definitely be affected. This guy is so absurd, he actually fought till Plump Lady escaped!” Far away, Ling Hu Xu hid deeply within a sand dune as he suppressed his aura, not daring to show any flaws in his concealment.


 “She escaped quickly.” Fang Yuan snorted, he stopped at the battlefield and used investigative Gu to search.


 Ling Hu Xu did not dare to breathe loudly, he felt that the investigative Gu’s aura had been sweeping the area where he was hiding in.


 Fang Yuan searched for a long time, but seeing that there was no effect, he left.


 “He’s finally gone, eh, weird! Why is my heart in so much unrest!” Ling Hu Xu had just wanted to come out, when suddenly his heart shook and he changed his mind.


 Time had slowly passed and it was already late at night.


 A figure moved like a phantom, descending from a high altitude, it was Fang Yuan.


 He had purposely left, turning around and flying into the clouds, secretly inspecting the ground. He had waited for a long time but did not see anyone.


 He snorted coldly, giving up on his search and returning to Sha Jing oasis.


 “So close, so close! This demon is really scheming and cunning, thankfully I was careful, otherwise, I would’ve fallen for his trap.” Ling Hu Xu curled up in the sand nearby, breaking out in cold sweat from fear.


 In the darkness, his eyes were moving randomly: “What is the origin of this demon? Where did he come from? What unspeakable secrets does he have?”


 Ling Hu Xu was extremely curious: “But this demon’s investigation methods cannot discover me, should I trail him and see what he is up to?”


 But when he thought about Fang Yuan pretending to leave and returning, his thoughts were extinguished like a candle.


 “This demon is not only ruthless and cruel, he is also very crafty and cunning, I should forget about it. Anyway, the immortal essence stones are already mine...”


 Ling Hu Xu discarded this thought, he did not dare to come out of the desert’s surface, he drilled underground.


 He did not have much battle strength, but he had many movement killer moves, his speed underground was unexpectedly not slower than an ordinary Gu Immortal’s flight.


 He chose the opposite direction as Fang Yuan and left.


 Fang Yuan returned to Sha Jing oasis once again.


 Lights lit up the oasis, as loud noises resounded everywhere.


 Even though Fang Yuan had purposely gone far away, the battle of the Gu Immortals still caused quite the commotion, the mortals were all panic-stricken.


 Fang Yuan ignored them, he used luck inspection Gu and found Han Li again.


 He was extremely alert, he concealed his traces as he used connect luck Gu secretly. This time, it was smooth sailing and there were no more accidents.


 The two had their luck connected, Fang Yuan could see that Han Li’s monolith luck was shrinking at an shocking pace.


 Soon after, the monolith luck was filled with cracks, it crumbled.


 A few breaths later, Han Li’s luck fell to an ordinary mortal’s smoke trace level.


 Next, his faint gray-white smoke turned black.


 “Oh no.” Fang Yuan saw this and his heart sank.


 At the same time, Han Li was eating with his parents who had returned.


 He was extremely hungry, he gobbled up the food.


 “Eat slowly, son.” His mother laughed dotingly, she was very concerned about her son.


 “Guh, guh!” Suddenly, Han Li grabbed his throat, his eyes were wide open, he choked!


 “Son, quickly spit it out!” His parents were shocked, they moved frantically.


 But they did not manage to save Han Li.


 He was dead.



***
Chapter 676 - Human Medicine Gu


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Han Li woke up in his bed, he slowly regained consciousness and opened his eyes.


 Beside his bed, his parents were kneeling on the ground, kowtowing to an elderly Gu Master non-stop, they were expressing their gratitude.


 “Doctor Mo, thank you for saving our son!”


 “Doctor Mo, we will remember your kindness for the rest of our lives!”


 “Father, mother...” Han Li spoke with much difficulty, he muttered softly.


 “My son, my precious son! You are finally awake!” Han Li’s mother heard his voice and jumped onto the bed, crying from joy.


 “Little rascal, you are finally awake! Quickly thank Doctor Mo, if he was not here by chance, you would have died.” Han Li’s father was overjoyed, he quickly reminded him.


 “Doctor, Doctor Mo, thank you for saving my life.” Han Li saw Doctor Mo and fear flashed across his eyes.


 “Mm, I am the Gu Master that is stationed in Han village, it was natural for me to save you. You were lucky today, you met me when I was patrolling the village.” Doctor Mo laughed.


 Next, he left quietly while Han Li’s parents were thanking him with all their hearts.


 “Oh? This is interesting.” Fang Yuan did not leave, he was lurking nearby, watching this scene.


 After he succeeding in connecting their luck, Han Li’s luck fell drastically, it rapidly turned into a thin layer of deathly black luck.


 If Han Li was a Gu Master with ample strength, he could ignore this luck. But he was a mortal, and a weak child among mortals, he was immediately killed by the backlash of this deathly black luck, choking on his food.


 Fang Yuan wanted to save him immediately.


 He had large numbers of mortal healing Gu, a matter like choking could be easily resolved, he could be saved as long as a long time had not passed.


 As long as a person is not dead, their luck would not stop. If Han Li died like this, Fang Yuan’s disastrous luck would only be alleviated for the moment, but it would continue getting worse, the root of the problem would not be solved.


 If Han Li was alive, then by connecting his luck to Fang Yuan’s all the time, Fang Yuan’s horrible luck would slowly improve.


 But the moment he was about to make a move, a figure jumped out of a large house in the village, rushing towards Han Li’s house.


 Seeing the movement Gu he was using, this was evidently a rank two Gu Master.


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, he silently got closer to the village, deciding to watch the event unfold.


 When this rank two Gu Master arrived at Han Li’s house, he straightened his clothes and pretended to be carefree, next he ‘accidentally’ discovered Han Li choking.


 Because of the pleas of Han Li’s parents, he saved Han Li and revived him.


 “From their conversation, this Doctor Mo should be a healing Gu Master that is stationed in the village. But it seems that Han Li and this Doctor Mo have some secret connection.” Fang Yuan thought.


 In order to control mortals, Gu Master forces would send one or two Gu Masters to look after the respective villages in turns.


 Like Gu Yue Jiang Ya on Qing Mao mountain, he was this kind of stationed Gu Master.


 When Han Li and his family fell asleep, Fang Yuan sneaked into the house. He went to Han Li and used a mortal Gu, causing him to fall into deeper sleep.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his eight huge arms, he searched all over Han Li’s body and soon, he found something amiss.


 There were quite a few Gu worms on Han Li’s body, his entire body’s flesh and blood seemed to be influenced by Gu worms.


 These arrangements felt very familiar to Fang Yuan.


 A weakness of a zombie was that their cognition would slow. Fang Yuan could not find the key point and had to use the wills he stored in his mind to assist in thinking.


 He looked through his memories and soon found the truth: “It turns out this so called Doctor Mo is refining human medicine Gu.”


 This human medicine Gu is a rank three Gu. It uses a human child as the main refinement material, taking years to slowly nurture and grow.


 Once the human medicine Gu was refined, it could only be used once to increase a person’s lifespan, but it had huge drawbacks.


 “That Doctor Mo is no longer young, it seems he wants to use human medicine Gu to increase his lifespan, thus he placed his sights on Han Li. No wonder Han Li could grab the leaves of the dagger grass without any gloves, that was because his body had already been modified secretly. This is also why Doctor Mo came over quickly when Han Li choked, that was because he had placed a Gu worm in Han Li’s body that could monitor him. And finally, even though Han Li choked to death, he could still be revived easily, that was because the human medicine Gu’s refinement process caused his vitality to increase greatly.” Fang Yuan realized at once.


 Even though he found out Doctor Mo’s scheme, he did not do anything to stop him.


 “If Doctor Mo mysteriously dies, Han village would definitely be investigated. If he does not die, in order to refine human medicine Gu, he would need to take good care of Han Li. There are still three to four years until human medicine Gu finishes refining, while I just need Han Li to be alive.”


 Fang Yuan activated luck inspection Gu again, checking Han Li’s luck.


 Ever since the luck connection had succeeded, Han Li’s luck had fallen drastically, his special luck was gone, becoming like that of a normal mortal, a thin layer of luck resembling faint smoke.


 Fang Yuan observed for a while, noticing that the black color in Han Li’s luck had vanished, turning into a grey-white color.


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh of relief.


 He summed up his experiences this time to reach a conclusion: Black color represents death, without the black color in his luck, Han Li was in no danger of dying for the moment.


 As the saying goes, every cloud has a silver lining, there could be great fortune after surviving a near death experience, after Han Li’s crisis just now, his luck had been improving.


 “Thinking about it, I narrowly survived a disaster in northern plains by relying on my own strength and schemes. Ever since I escaped from the wind veil of assimilation, half of my black coffin luck has most likely dissipated. But even so, Han Li was nearly killed by my luck. It seems I have to find a few more targets and connect our luck together.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shined for a bit, in the end, he secretly placed some Gu worms on Han Li’s body before leaving.


 Using his superior methods, there was no way the rank two Doctor Mo could find them.


 One day, if Doctor Mo tries to harm Han Li, he will definitely suffer severe consequences.


 “Lad, I gave you three lifelines. From now on, you will have to rely on yourself. Hehe...”


 Fang Yuan arrived silently, and left unnoticed, not leaving behind a single trace.


 He first went far away from Sha Jing oasis, before activating Fixed Immortal Travel at an empty location.


 At the next moment, he appeared in central continent.


 A huge heavenly river flowed down from the sky, it flowed through the entirety of central continent, towards the eastern side of central continent, into eastern sea.


 At the downstream parts of the heavenly river, because of the impact caused by the water, it formed a huge fertile plain.


 There were abundant resources in the plain, people and nature flourished in abundance, countless small and middle sized sects were established here.


 Among these sects, there was one small sect that was inconspicuous, but had quite the grand name, it was called Universal Life Academy.


 Fang Yuan hid in a forest, observing them from afar.


 The academy was in a mountain valley, there were only a few rooms here with only one square. It seems that they were currently holding a sect competition, as there were two stages in this square, with hundreds of Gu Masters watching below the stages.


 This battle between mortal Gu Masters was extremely short, there was nothing too outstanding. But in the eyes of the spectators, it was extremely exciting.


 Especially for the youngster, Hong Yi, who was standing among the crowd, this competition had great meaning.


 “I have bull strength, tiger strength, and even obtained the Gu worm ‘rewind’ by chance, my battle strength is first-rate among rank two Gu Masters. During this competition, I must shock everyone with my skill and obtain the number one spot in the academy. This way, I can force my father to relent and place my mother’s memorial tablet in the ancestral hall!” Hong Yi clenched his fists, deciding in his mind.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan who was far away muttered with bright shining eyes: “Found you, Hong Yi.”


 This Hong Yi’s luck was not worse than Han Li, he was also a rank seven legend that appeared during the five regions chaotic war. He cultivated strength and soul path, he had exemplary talent and was extremely skilled in self-creating killer moves.


 He had many fortuitous encounters, he obtained the body of an ancient rockman king, he deciphered an inheritance left behind by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and even through a lucky coincidence managed to subdue an ancient desolate beast, white horn qilin, as his steed.


 Even though he found his target, Fang Yuan did not strike immediately.


 “Right now, this scene is in the middle of broad daylight, I will cause quite a commotion when I use Connect Luck, I might be discovered.”


 This was not Han village.


 In Han village, there was only one rank two Gu Master stationed, but here, it was an entire sect full of Gu Masters.


 Not only this, there were three to four other small to mid sized forces in the valley.


 In this entire plain at the downstream of the heavenly river, there were countless sects. Among these mortals, there were even some lone cultivator Gu Immortals. These Gu Immortals were all creators of the sects, if Fang Yuan used connect luck Immortal Gu here, he might be discovered by them.


 “I can only wait until night when everyone is asleep. I will arrange many mortal Gu and try to conceal the area, it is worth a try...”


 Fang Yuan was very experienced and cunning, he would never be lacking in patience.


 When it was night time, Universal Life Academy became silent, as Fang Yuan opened his eyes: “Very good, I have arranged over ten thousand Gu worms in the vicinity of the valley, my preparations are complete. To conceal the aura of the Immortal Gu, I will need to use Connect Luck for half the night... hmm?”


 Right at this moment, there was the sound of a spatial disturbance in his aperture.


 A moving perspective cup Gu appeared out of nowhere in his immortal aperture.


 There was a letter in the moving perspective cup Gu.


 “Is Tai Bai Yun Sheng in trouble?” Fang Yuan’s consciousness entered the Gu, he soon found out that the letter did not come from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but from Fairy Li Shan.


 After the Snowy Mountain Alliance, Fang Yuan passed Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan a moving perspective cup Gu each, while he kept the other half of their respective moving perspective cup Gu.


 The contents of the letter made Fang Yuan frown deeply.


 This was a letter asking for help by Fairy Li Shan on Hei Lou Lan’s behalf.


 Hei Lou Lan was being chased down by her father, she was in great danger.


 “How can this be? Damn it!” Fang Yuan sighed deeply, because of their oath, he had to put aside his own matters and swiftly return to northern plains to assist Hei Lou Lan.


 In any case, for the time being, Hong Yi was going to stay here, it would be easy for Fang Yuan to find him.


 “I’ll let you off for now.” Fang Yuan hurriedly retrieved most of his Gu worms, avoiding leaving behind traces as much as possible, before he sneaked into a cave and used Fixed Immortal Travel.


 At the next moment, he arrived in a secret room at the third peak of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 In the secret room, Fairy Li Shan was pacing back and forth worriedly, upon seeing Fang Yuan, she got close to him: “You are finally back! I am extremely anxious, the situation is terrible, Little Lan is being pursued by that evil scoundrel.”


 “Why aren’t you helping her?” Fang Yuan frowned.


 “I was going to act, but Little Lan urged me to continue hiding our connection, she did not want our relationship to be disclosed. You came alone? Where is Tai Bai Yun Sheng?”


 “He has other matters now.” Fang Yuan asked again: “How many Gu Immortals are pursuing her?”


 “Only two, one is Hei Cheng while the other is Xue Song Zi. I placed an investigative Gu on Hei Lou Lan, her situation is very dangerous now. Quick, I will use my thoughts to transmit the scenery to you, quickly go save her!”


 Fang Yuan inspected the thoughts and used Fixed Immortal Travel. At the next moment, he appeared beside Hei Lou Lan.



***
Chapter 677 - First Battle with Hei Cheng


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Lou Lan, stop running. You are my daughter, why would I harm you? Don’t listen to other people’s defamation. We as father and daughter have a huge misunderstanding. I admit, it is true that I have the yin-yang life extension method, but this method cannot harm lives. Your mother really passed away because of the earthly calamity.” Hei Cheng floated in the air, using a tone like one who felt unjustly treated, trying to persuade Hei Lou Lan.


 He wore a black robe and had fair skin, his eyes were dark and his face was like jade. He had beautiful facial features and gave off a vibrant aura, he was truly a famously handsome man among northern plains’ Gu Immortals.


 When he urged Hei Lou Lan, his tone was sincere, it was overflowing with emotions, coupled with his good looks, outsiders who did not know the details might have truly believed him.


 But Hei Lou Lan already had clearly seen this man’s true colors, she gritted her teeth: “Evil scum, who would believe your hypocritical lies? If the yin-yang life extension method really cannot harm lives, why don’t you let me see it? Hehe, I believe that Xue Song Zi at your side will also be very interested.”


 Xue Song Zi was tall and thin, he wore blue clothes and his snowy-white hair extended to his feet, he stood beside Hei Cheng without saying a word.


 He was a demonic path Gu Immortal, he controlled the seventh peak of Snowy Mountain blessed land. Earlier, he had sponsored Ma tribe and Ma tribe lost in the Imperial Court contest, thus he was heavily suppressed by Hei tribe.


 Next, in order to obtain the strength path Immortal Gu, Hei Lou Lan exposed the secret of Hei Cheng causing harm to Su Xian Er to him.


 Xue Song Zi thus had a secret weapon to restrain Hei Cheng.


 Hei Lou Lan had wanted to use Xue Song Zi to ruin Hei Cheng’s reputation, but to think that the two of them had actually ganged up.


 Upon hearing this from Hei Lou Lan, Xue Song Zi’s eyes moved about as he turned around towards Hei Cheng with much interest: “Maybe I can help your daughter evaluate it?”


 Hei Cheng snorted, ignoring Xue Song Zi’s words. He changed his attitude, his eyes shining with cold light as he spoke to Hei Lou Lan calmly: “Daughter, you do not know what is good for you.”


 Hei Lou Lan spat in response to his words, but what came out was blood.


 She was in her true form now, she was bathed in blood as her armor was broken, she was in a pathetic state. Her gaze however, turned more ruthless as her killing intent boiled.


 She showed a mocking expression on her face: “Father? Hehe, the grand righteous path rank seven Gu Immortal, Lord Hei Cheng, actually brought along a demonic path Gu Immortal with him to coerce his daughter. If this scene was shown to the world, I wonder what would happen?”


 Hei Cheng was indifferent towards such mocking words, he smiled lightly and showed his deep and unfathomable shrewdness: “Lou Lan, you have nowhere to run. You have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, it is ten times as hard for you to become a Gu Immortal compared to normal people. Without my help, you cannot become a strength path Gu Immortal.”


 “Hmph, kill me if you have the guts!” Hei Lou Lan showed her fierce nature, her expression turned ruthless as her aura surged: “If you force my hand, I will self-detonate! I will let all your efforts go down the drain, when your plans fail, I wonder what you can do!”


 Hei Cheng laughed: “If you die, how will you avenge your mother? You’ve endured this and lurked for so many years, painstakingly developing, wasn’t it all for revenge? Unfortunately, mortal and immortals are worlds apart, even if you have one of the ten extreme physiques and are able to bully some bottom-tier rank six Gu Immortals. For you to kill me, a rank seven Gu Immortal, hmph, delusional!”


 Although he said that, Hei Cheng still felt some agitation in his heart.


 Hei Lou Lan pointed out Hei Cheng’s concerns, although he had the Immortal Gu Dark Arrow, this Immortal Gu could only be used to attack.


 Hei Cheng did not have capturing methods, if he forced her hand, and Hei Lou Lan self-detonates, he could not stop her.


 Most importantly, such acts of harming his daughter could not be known to the public, he could only work in secret.


 Otherwise, with Hei Cheng’s reputation and influence in northern plains’ righteous path, he could bring at least five to six Gu Immortals with him.


 But now, he only brought Xue Song Zi.


 And Xue Song Zi was a demonic path Gu Immortal of Snowy Mountain. He only would care about benefits and could not be trusted. Although he seemed to be an ally, Hei Cheng from the beginning was guarding against him.


 Earlier, Hei Lou Lan had exposed his secret, after Xue Song Zi obtained this weakness, he did not expose it to the public.


 Destroying Hei Cheng’s reputation could decrease Hei tribe Gu Immortals’ pressure on Xue Song Zi. But if he used it to threaten Hei Cheng, he would be able to gain more benefits.


 Thus, before the wind veil of assimilation appeared, Xue Song Zi found Hei Cheng in person and threatened him with this secret.


 Hei Cheng was stunned at that moment, his secret that had been hidden for so many years was known by an outsider, he almost lost his bearings.


 But he was an old and shrewd person, he quickly calmed down and used his glib tongue to accede to a portion of Xue Song Zi’s requests.


 Next, Hei Cheng even urged Xue Song Zi to cooperate, as long as he assisted in the plan and it succeeded, he would gain more benefits.


 Xue Song Zi gave an overbearing request, he was interested in the yin-yang life extension method.


 Although Xue Song Zi was middle aged and also had lifespan Gu, who among Gu Immortals would not be interested in a life extension method?


 Hei Cheng was furious and helpless, he could only agree for now.


 Thus, Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi’s seemingly united but internally divided alliance was formed.


 Just as Hei Lou Lan, Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi were at a stalemate, a bright jade green light burst out beside Hei Lou Lan.


 The jade light dissipated, revealing Fang Yuan’s huge body.


 He was six meters tall and had eight arms, he had a green face and red eyes, his entire body was covered in a black shiny armor which had many spikes on it.


 Facing strong foes, Fang Yuan did not dare to be careless, he first used the defensive killer move, hair armor, before using Fixed Immortal Travel to come here.


 Although Fixed Immortal Travel could only transport humans, when Gu Masters use Gu worms, they can form clothes and armor, and would not have to teleport naked every time.


 Back when Fang Yuan teleported from Three Kings blessed land to Hu Immortal blessed land, because he was short on time and did not have the relevant Gu worms, he had to teleport naked, and gave Feng Jin Huang an unforgettable experience.


 “You are finally here.” Hei Lou Lan saw that her reinforcement had arrived, her expression brightened.


 “Which Gu Immortal is this? Who are you?!” Xue Song Zi quickly asked in shock.


 Fang Yuan rapidly looked at the two in the air, his voice was hoarse as his surging killing intent was displayed: “The person who will kill you.”


 As he spoke nonsense with them, he transmitted to Hei Lou Lan: “Quick! We cannot stay here for long, enter my immortal aperture and I’ll bring you away.”


 Hearing that Fang Yuan was trying to kill him, Xue Song Zi flew into a rage: “Such words.”


 Next to him, the Gu Immortal Hei Cheng reacted more quickly: “Attack! That Immortal Gu is Fixed Immortal Travel, he only needs three breaths of time to escape. We cannot give them any opportunities!”


 As they spoke, Hei Lou Lan had already entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 Xue Song Zi’s expression turned severe, he waved his sleeves and created a curved moon blade wheel that was the size of a horse carriage.


 The blade wheel spun in the air, slashing at Fang Yuan.


 Killer move — Icy Wind Blade Wheel!


 The blade wheel made of ice was extremely sharp, it was oozing with frost energy and was extremely fast when pushed by the wind.


 Before the blade wheel had reached him, Fang Yuan could feel the icy winds blowing on him.


 “This killer move is very fierce, it has the essence of both ice and wind path, its value is at least three immortal essence stones!” Fang Yuan squinted, he logically chose to evade it.


 Killer move — Light Illusion Bat Wings!


 Two large phantom black bat wings appeared behind him, after the phantom wings flapped, they vanished.


 Fang Yuan gained a huge boost in speed, he moved like lightning and flew sideways, dodging the icy wind blade wheel.


 The blade wheel hit the ground, making a loud sound as it dug deep into the ground like cutting tofu.


 On the grassland, the blade wheel carved out a huge trench, and ice that was tough as rocks formed on the sides of the trench.


 Although Fang Yuan dodged the icy wind blade wheel, Hei Cheng’s attack was right in front of him.


 This was a very inconspicuous small black arrow.


 The body of the arrow was short, it was about half a person’s arm length, it was black and did not give out any aura of danger.


 But precisely because of this, Fang Yuan was on extreme alert.


 This was the attack of the Immortal Gu Dark Arrow.


 Hei Cheng was experienced in battles, he was ruthless and used his trump card from the start!


 Fang Yuan quickly activated his killer move, light illusion bat wings, but the black arrow was like a magnet attracted to him, it changed directions agilely and was fixed on Fang Yuan, he could not shrug it off at all.


 Immortal Gu Dark Arrow’s attack could home in on enemies and turn in different directions, its speed was fast. Even though Fang Yuan was a flying master, he could not shake it off. As the distance between him and the dark arrow shortened, he fell under greater threat!


 Fang Yuan’s defensive killer move, hair armor, although it had a high price to performance ratio, and was widely spread during the five regions chaotic war, it was only a mortal killer move, Dark Arrow could pierce it in one hit.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body was strong, it could not resist the might of Dark Arrow.


 Especially when this dark arrow ignored Fang Yuan’s body, heart and other areas, only aiming for his sole weakness — his brain.


 After becoming an immortal zombie, Fang Yuan’s heart, throat, anus, and all other areas were no longer weak points in his body, even if they were destroyed, he would still function fine and would not take too much damage.


 But his brain was different.


 If his brain was destroyed, his mind would also perish. Fang Yuan would be unable to think, unable to act, and would be at his enemy’s mercy.


 Activating Fixed Immortal Travel required three breaths of time, but the dark arrow chased relentlessly, Fang Yuan did not have the time for it.


 Fang Yuan moved around rapidly, the many mortal Gu that made up his killer move, light illusion bat wings, were starting to be worn down.


 “It is over.” Hei Cheng laughed coldly, waving his sleeves and shooting out another dark arrow.


 “My dark arrow Immortal Gu is merely rank six and can only shoot out up to three dark arrows at the same time. No matter who you are, making me use two dark arrows to deal with you, it should be your honor.” Hei Cheng looked at Fang Yuan struggling at the brink of death as he evaluated arrogantly.


 “Hmph, what are you so proud of, I was just toying with you.” Fang Yuan spoke in a hoarse voice and laughed suddenly.


 Two dark arrows attacked him at once, he knew he could no longer avoid using green grape immortal essence, activating the Immortal Gu Worldly Wave Trace.


 Swoosh!


 A huge wave appeared below Fang Yuan’s feet.


 The waves moved quickly, Fang Yuan stepped on them as he quickly created some distance from the dark arrows.


 The power of an Immortal Gu was truly extraordinary.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had used light illusion bat wings no less than a hundred times, but he could not escape from the dark arrows. But right now, he had just used Worldly Wave Trace once and immediately moved far away from it.



***
Chapter 678 - Number Four in the List of Mystical Gu


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Another Immortal Gu!” Xue Song Zi’s expression changed, his gaze was heated, looking extremely jealous and envious.


 To think that in order to obtain wooden chicken Immortal Gu, he spent so much effort in scheming, yet his plans still failed him.


 The immortal zombie in front of him actually had Immortal Gu, which most ordinary Gu Immortals did not have, and he even had two!


 “Hehehe, Hei Cheng, Xue Song Zi, that will be all for today. Enjoy your life from now on, because you do not have much time left.” Fang Yuan’s tone was chilling.


 He stepped on the flying wave, at the same time, a jade green light flashed on his body.


 Three breaths of time later, Fixed Immortal Travel carried him across space, leaving this battlefield.


 Two dark arrows arrived at his former location, only hitting the last trace of jade light remaining.


 “Oh no, they ran away!” Xue Song Zi’s expression was extremely ugly, he questioned Hei Cheng: “Aren’t you a rank seven Gu Immortal? Why couldn’t you stop them!”


 “Xue Song Zi, mind your tone.” Hei Cheng was expressionless, he gave Xue Song Zi a cold glance.


 Xue Song Zi was pressured by Hei Cheng’s grand aura, his expression became less overbearing.


 Hei Cheng spoke calmly: “The other party has two movement Immortal Gu, unless we have an Immortal Gu that can seal the environment, we can only watch them escape. However, the tracing method I used on Hei Lou Lan is extremely secretive, it is a killer move at the peak of the mortal level. As long as she shows up in northern plains again, I will detect her.”


 “Also, this was not a fruitless trip, we have already found out that Hei Lou Lan has a force backing her. Without help, there is no way she could’ve reached this stage. I just did not expect an immortal zombie with two movement Immortal Gu to show up. It seems the force behind Hei Lou Lan is not simple at all. Hehe, the situation is getting interesting.”


 Saying this, Hei Cheng showed a faint smile, he felt no dejection after this loss.


 He did not strike against Hei Lou Lan, on one hand, he was wary of her self-detonation, on the other hand, he wanted to draw out her mysterious backer.


 “What are you saying?” Xue Song Zi’s gaze focused.


 “Immortal zombies are often the result of Gu Immortals who are forced by circumstances when they have no way of extending their lifespan. Do you think this immortal zombie is truly the person supporting Hei Lou Lan behind the scenes?” Hei Cheng asked with deep meaning.


 Fang Yuan did not fight against them, he only displayed his flying master attainment when he dodged the dark arrows.


 But this attainment was nothing special for Gu Immortals who had lived for hundreds of years.


 At this moment, Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi did not know Fang Yuan’s true battle strength, and Fang Yuan did not receive much of their attention, they thought he was a normal immortal zombie.


 Xue Song Zi’s gaze flickered: “I understand what you mean. This immortal zombie is not the crucial person, his two movement Immortal Gu are most likely loaned to him by others.”


 Hei Cheng nodded: “That’s right, this mysterious person is likely to be someone we know. They sent an unfamiliar immortal zombie over here to help, that means it was not convenient for them to appear.”


 “This mysterious person is leaving no clues for us, how will we investigate?” Xue Song Zi felt a headache, an enemy hiding in the dark was the most troublesome kind, not only did he feel restrained, he did not know who to trust and who to target.


 “They have already shown a flaw.” Hei Cheng laughed loudly: “Be it Fixed Immortal Travel or Worldly Wave Trace, they are both related to central continent. Such an obvious clue is enough for us to discover many things. As long as I can uncover the true identity of that person, I will be able to take them down all at once!”


 Saying this, Hei Cheng showed a ruthless expression on his face.


 Fixed Immortal Travel brought Fang Yuan back to Fairy Li Shan’s residence.


 “Little Lan, how are your injuries?” Seeing that Hei Lou Lan was leaving Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture while covered in blood, Fairy Li Shan was very nervous, she quickly went over and checked.


 “Little aunt, it is not a problem. That scoundrel did not attack me seriously, he was only putting on a show.” Hei Lou Lan laughed, as if she was not the one injured.


 Fairy Li Shan’s heart was eased, she let out a breath of turbid air: “It seems that your guess is right, Little Lan, that scoundrel really planted some tracking method on your body. This method is extremely well hidden, we could not find it even after searching intensely several times.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and his gaze turned cold, he looked at Hei Lou Lan closely: “That is to say, you were discovered by Hei Cheng on purpose?”


 “I would not say it was on purpose.” Hei Lou Lan looked into Fang Yuan’s eyes without any fear: “Earlier, little aunt found some crucial information, it was regarding the whereabouts of Ma Hong Yun. Ma Hong Yun was taken away by a northern plains Gu Immortal, Qin Bai Sheng, his blessed land is situated in crimson reed marsh. I went there intending to sneak into the blessed land and see if the information was true. I didn’t expect that Hei Cheng was also nearby, the moment I stepped into crimson reed marsh, he detected me.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, he believed what Hei Lou Lan said.


 Of course, this was not because he trusted Hei Lou Lan, but because this was part of the Snowy Mountain Alliance — allies could have personal secrets, but they could not lie. If you did not say it, then that is fine. But if you spoke, it had to be the truth, otherwise the oath would kill you.


 “Ma Hong Yun, as his name suggests, has fortune that rivals heaven. If I connect my luck to him, it would be far more effective than Hong Yi and Han Li.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan asked: “How reliable is the information that Ma Hong Yun has been captured by Qin Bai Sheng?”


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan looked at each other, as Fairy Li Shan said: “According to our analysis, there is a seventy percent chance that we can believe it. During the battle inside the wind veil of assimilation, dozens of Gu Immortals from the righteous and demonic path were involved. I was there at the time, it was a chaotic scene. After the battle, everyone had their own guesses on who captured Ma Hong Yun, and that resulted in dozens of small conflicts, but they were all proven to be wrong.”


 “This time, our information is different from the rumors, we have reason and evidence. Evidently, an insider had purposely leaked the information, Qin Bai Sheng is a rank seven lone cultivator Gu Immortal, he is a famous expert in the metal path, and also has his blessed land to defend himself. But Ma Hong Yun’s matter involves Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path true inheritance, this has too much of an attraction to northern plains’ Gu Immortals. Especially when Qin Bai Sheng does not have the Huang Jin bloodline, everyone is jealous of him.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “That is to say, this is a troublesome matter, if Ma Hong Yun was really captured by Qin Bai Sheng, then soon, a band of Gu Immortals are going to attack crimson reed marsh.”


 “That is exactly so!” Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily, her beautiful black pupils radiating with light: “The way I see it, this information should be true to a huge extent. Luckily, little aunt did not expose her identity this time, when the righteous and demonic Gu Immortals team up, they will need little aunt’s mountain pledge Gu. At that time, we will be able to find a chance and intervene in this matter. If there is a chance for us to obtain the luck path true inheritance, we will strike. If not, we will take a step back, using the time in which that old scoundrel Hei Cheng is engaging in battle, I will have a chance to ascend to immortal!”


 Hei Lou Lan was a formidable person, like Fang Yuan, she was very skilled in scheming.


 Fang Yuan asked coldly: “Although this was the first time I met Hei Cheng, I can confirm that he is no simple character, if he refuses to join this, what will you do?”


 To Hei Cheng, although the luck path true inheritance was important, it could not compare to his lifespan. There are so many people fighting for the luck path true inheritance, it is like a battle of tigers and wolves, he might as well stay uninvolved and settle the issue of Hei Lou Lan instead.


 Fang Yuan’s words directly addressed the problem, Hei Lou Lan’s brows rose, she replied enthusiastically: “I do not have much time left, it has been fortunate I have had little aunt’s help these recent days. In half a month, I will have to ascend regardless of the situation! If Hei Cheng comes to find trouble then, it will be a perfect time to deal with him once and for all!”


 In her words, she had already disregarded the possibility of death, her fearless and resolute disposition was fully displayed.


 “That means, there is a possibility I have to fight Hei Cheng? By then, we cannot escape, in order to protect you, I will to fight him head on?” Fang Yuan’s gaze was uncertain.


 Fairy Li Shan said: “Fang Yuan, don’t forget, when a Gu Master ascends to the realm of immortal, there will be a huge influx of heaven and earth qi. Under that special environment, Hei Cheng’s battle strength would be heavily suppressed. Little Lan’s ascension is extremely important, I will be there personally. Together with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, we have three Gu Immortals on our side.”


 Hei Lou Lan replied graciously and understandingly: “Fang Yuan, in order to save me this time, you used Fixed Immortal Travel three times, and lost three green grape immortal essence beads. You also used one bead to activate worldly wave trace Gu, according to our alliance, you will be compensated twice the amount, that is eight immortal essence stones.”


 “That’s right.” Fang Yuan looked at Hei Lou Lan, it was so easy for intelligent people to communicate.


 Fairy Li Shan spoke suddenly: “Eight immortal essence stones, I can give that to you right now. But I also have other things, Fang Yuan, perhaps you should take a look, you might be interested in them.”


 Saying this, she took out two killer moves and one Gu recipe.


 Fang Yuan looked through them and was very interested.


 Of the two killer moves, one was called ‘poison breath’, a poison path killer move. It could turn a Gu Immortal’s breathing into a poisonous gas. The killer move had little strength, but its advantage was sustainability. If a long time passes, the Gu Immortal’s surroundings would be covered in a layer of poisonous gas, it would unceasingly poison all the surrounding people and things.


 But this killer move had a flaw, it was easy to hurt oneself. Especially an ordinary Gu Immortal’s body, they needed to protect and heal their nostrils, throat, and lungs.


 This weakness was non-existent to an immortal zombie like Fang Yuan.


 The other killer move was called ‘Kong Sheng Tian’. Kong Sheng Tian was the name of a person, he was the Gu Immortal who created this killer move. He was quite famous within Gu Master history, he controlled the number four Gu in the list of Top Ten Mystical Gu, qi escape Gu.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was only ranked at seventh, while qi escape Gu was fourth, it was reverse refined from the legendary reputation Gu. In terms of flying speed in a straight line, it was the number one Gu in the world, no Gu was its match!


 And this killer move was also a movement killer move. Back then, Kong Sheng Tian referred to qi escape Gu to create it. It could open the small pores on the Gu Immortal’s body and blow out small air currents, causing the Gu Immortal to fly forward quickly. Not only was it fast, it could change directions very agilely.


 The killer move Kong Sheng Tian was very suitable to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had a zombie’s body, his body’s pores were tough and durable, even if they were destroyed, his terrifying recovery speed would heal them quickly.


 As for the Gu recipe, it was an ancient strength path Gu recipe, it could refine the rank five group strength Gu.


 Undeniably, these three items had been collected by Fairy Li Shan for some time, they were specially prepared for Fang Yuan.


 They were allies who had made an oath under Snowy Mountain, it was a good thing for Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan for Fang Yuan to be strong.



***
Chapter 679 - Immortal Gu is hungry


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan thought a moment and said to Fairy Li Shan: “I will take this poison breath killer move and the ancient Gu recipe. How many immortal essence stones for them?”


 Fairy Li Shan replied: “Poison breath is two immortal essence stones and the group strength Gu’s recipe is two immortal essence stones as well, so altogether it is four immortal essence stones.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, agreeing with Fairy Li Shan’s quotation.


 Poison breath was not an ordinary killer move and was indeed worth two immortal essence stones.


 Group strength Gu might only be a rank five mortal Gu, but it was already extinct and as such its high price of two immortal essence stones was normal.


 Fairy Li Shan took out three things, but this group strength Gu recipe which was the most unremarkable among them had the greatest attraction to Fang Yuan.


 However, although the offer was fair, Fang Yuan was low in cash and wanted to haggle to save as many immortal essence stones as possible.


 Thereupon, he said: “This group strength Gu recipe might be rare but it is an ancient Gu recipe; the refinement materials are very ancient and are now hard to find.”


 Fairy Li Shan smiled: “Fang Yuan, I have already considered this. I had originally planned to give this group strength Gu to Little Lan, the reason I am selling it to you now is because the main material in refining this Gu, stone monkey fur, has recently appeared in the market.”


 Hei Lou Lan added: “Right, in treasure yellow heaven, a Gu Immortal by the name of Shi Lei who calls himself Immortal Monkey King has managed to research and produce stone monkey fur in his blessed land. This Gu refinement material that had been extinct for countless years has now actually reappeared in his hands, causing quite a big commotion in treasure yellow heaven.”


 “In group strength Gu’s recipe, the rarest material is stone monkey fur, while the others might be rare but as long as you look for them, you will be able to buy them, search for them or find substitutes using your own refinement path foundation.”


 The implied meaning of this was that no haggling would be accepted.


 Fang Yuan was not discouraged: “Stone monkey fur? This ancient material might have reappeared now but it is entirely monopolized by Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei, the price will definitely not be cheap, right?”


 “There is an old saying, ‘good things are not cheap’. Fang Yuan, I have personally witnessed your immortal killer move, myriad self, and I still remember its astonishing might. There is no need for us to continue probing each other, group strength Gu is worth much more to you than to normal Gu Immortals. Two immortal essence stones is already quite cheap.” Hei Lou Lan refused to yield any benefits.


 If the other party understands you clearly, the situation would be rather troublesome to deal with.


 However, Hei Lou Lan was right as well, four immortal essence stones in total was a fair price.


 Fairy Li Shan did not cheat Fang Yuan of immortal essence stones, but she would not incur losses as well.


 “Alright.” Fang Yuan observed the situation and did not persist. Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were not Lang Ya land spirit, excessive haggling would only be insulting their intelligence.


 Both sides completed the transaction shortly afterwards.


 Fang Yuan obtained the poison breath killer move and the ancient group strength Gu’s recipe, as well as four immortal essence stones.


 As for the movement killer move, Kong Sheng Tian, it was not suitable for Fang Yuan.


 Kong Sheng Tian opened all the pores in one’s body from which air would shoot out and propel the body. This killer move had extreme speed and could also give great flexibility in changing direction.


 However, the opening of the pores in the whole body would greatly reduce Fang Yuan’s defense.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan’s defensive killer move, hair armor, covered the whole body without leaving behind any gaps. If Kong Sheng Tian was used, he would not be able to use hair armor. If he used hair armor, Kong Sheng Tian could not be used.


 These two were not compatible.


 Fang Yuan thus gave up on the killer move Kong Sheng Tian.


 His quantity of immortal essence stones increased to nineteen and a half, but he had huge pressure in converting them to green grape immortal essence and feeding his Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was still lacking in cash and could not casually buy the relatively useless killer move.


 When leaving, Fang Yuan did not extravagantly use Fixed Immortal Travel, instead opting to use a stargate.


 Before leaving, he checked Hei Lou Lan’s luck.


 Hei Lou Lan was at rank five peak stage, her luck could be perceived by the rank five luck inspection Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan’s luck had already recovered from the extremely low state when she went against Ma Hong Yun. Her luck was like a giant pillar with the color of an azure sky, giving a feeling of being long lasting.


 “Hei Lou Lan’s luck clearly is at the level of Han Li’s and Hong Yi’s. From this, it seems her Gu Immortal advancement has a high probability of succeeding. But one can’t just look at luck in everything, otherwise why would Hei Lou Lan die so suddenly in my previous life? One’s luck might be good, but it depends on whether they can grasp it. Now it seems, Hei Cheng might be involved in Hei Lou Lan’s unexpected death?”


 Although Hei Lou Lan’s luck was strong, it was written in detail in the Snowy Mountain Alliance that allies could not intentionally inflict harm to each other.


 Fang Yuan was plagued with bad luck, and connecting his luck with her’s would mean having an intent to harm.


 Moreover, according to his previous life’s memories, Fang Yuan was not too optimistic of Hei Lou Lan’s future. Fang Yuan did not have break luck Gu, thus he could not carelessly connect luck and must choose his targets carefully.


 Back in Hu Immortal Blessed Land, Fang Yuan took out eight immortal essence stones and converted them to his own green grape immortal essence.


 He had used Fixed Immortal Travel many times, going back and forth from western desert, central continent, eastern sea and northern plains. He also used worldly wave trace Gu in the fight against Hei Cheng, using up a total of six green grape immortal essence.


 He originally had seventeen green grape immortal essence beads, but only eleven remained now.


 In consideration of the frequent battles recently, Fang Yuan refined eight immortal essence stones and increased his green grape immortal essence to nineteen beads.


 With this, the amount of immortal essence stones on Fang Yuan was eleven and a half.


 Fang Yuan reviewed his battle with Hei Cheng and felt satisfied about it.


 Whether the result was victory or defeat was of no concern to Fang Yuan. He would not become angry or feel humiliated just because of failure. He would also not feel overjoyed and arrogant because of victory.


 What he prioritized were the gains and losses.


 He used up four beads of green grape immortal essence in this battle, but was able to obtain even more trust from Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan. At the same time, he also obtained four immortal essence stones, the poison breath killer move and group strength Gu’s recipe.


 He had clearly made a good profit.


 “But if I were to speak of a loss, it would be worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan took out the Immortal Gu Worldly Wave Trace.


 Right now, the Immortal Gu’s aura was no longer as stable as before and revealed a trace of weakness.


 The Gu worm did not have a healthy luster, instead appearing dark and gloomy.


 Fang Yuan was aware of why: “Worldly wave trace Gu was not fed properly back at Imperial Court blessed land. When the wind veil of assimilation appeared, Mo Yao’s will activated Water Pavilion to battle, and after I obtained her Gu worms, I activated this Immortal Gu several times. It has already reached a certain limit and need to be fed. If it is still not fed and I activate it excessively, it might die from hunger.”


 Worldly wave trace Gu was the first Immortal Gu in Fang Yuan’s possession that was ‘crying of hunger’.


 It could be foreseen that as time passed, many more Immortal Gu would cry out in hunger and would need to be fed.


 However, worldly wave trace Gu’s food was tens of thousands of underworld jellyfish and thousands of deepsea lightning eels.


 Fang Yuan inquired Little Hu Immortal land spirit. After Tai Bai Yun Sheng left, the land spirit took over Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s work of paying attention to movements in treasure yellow heaven.


 However, although Fang Yuan had taken the initiative to post requests for the goods in treasure yellow heaven, there were few who responded.


 This was not a highly commercialized society like that on Earth, the economy here was not developed and one could not buy whatever they wanted to buy.


 Fang Yuan used moving perspective cup Gu to send a letter to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng gave him a piece of good news. He had already arrived at Hai Shi blessed land and smoothly got into contact with some Gu Immortals, moreover, he also saw someone selling underworld jellyfishes in Hai Shi blessed land.


 Only deepsea lightning eels were rarely seen as Gu Immortals had to enter the deep sea to capture them, which was not only dangerous, the sea areas where they were abundant were already controlled by Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance housed the headquarters of Zombie Alliance within all five regions. They were very powerful, a level stronger than even the super forces of eastern sea.


 Thus, Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance was domineering and rampant in their actions. They blockaded several large sea regions and controlled the large numbers of resources within themselves.


 This maintained and fostered their strength, making them become even more domineering to others.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng suggested Fang Yuan to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance and then purchase the deepsea lightning eels internally. This was not only convenient, the price within Zombie Alliance would also be cheaper than outside.


 Fang Yuan was moved but he had ascended to Gu Immortal in northern plains, his immortal aperture had northern plains’ heaven and earth qi.


 There were differences between the heaven and earth qi of the five regions. With just a simple test, one’s origins would be clear.


 It was not impossible for Fang Yuan to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance with the status of a northern plains immortal zombie status. But he had to join Northern Plains Zombie Alliance for his major plan.


 This major plan had huge prospective yield, and Fang Yuan had been thinking of risking an act of disguise even if he was not an immortal zombie to join Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 However, as an immortal zombie now, it was no doubt much more convenient to join Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 “Joining Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance might make it convenient to purchase lightning eels, but if Tai Bai Yun Sheng is given some time to make connections, he would be able to purchase them, just that the price might be a bit higher. Although I won’t be able to activate worldly wave trace Gu as much as I wish, it should hold on for some time.” Fang Yuan was not willing to give up on his major plan, thus he refused Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s suggestion in the end.


 After resting and reorganizing for a while in Hu Immortal Blessed Land, Fang Yuan activated Fixed Immortal Travel to arrive at central continent again.


 Universal Life Academy was located in mountain valley, and under the curtain of night, lights were lit up, making it appear quiet and tranquil.


 Hong Yi was sitting cross-legged on the bed, finishing his daily routine of nourishing his aperture. He opened his eyes, his pupils shining brightly, revealing a look of expectation and excitement.


 “I have placed in the top ten in today’s competition without even having to reveal my true strength. Heaven is helping me, letting me coincidentally get a bye in the competition. People are treating me as just a lucky fellow. Tomorrow is the competition of the ten strongest, they will underestimate me and won’t expect my true strength. The day after tomorrow is the decisive battle, as long as I use this Gu to break the opponent’s defense, there is no need to mention what will happen next.”


 As he thought of this, Hong Yi took out a rank two Gu worm, Rewind. This was an extremely rare time path Gu worm which could be used to both attack and defend, its ability was to rewind an enemy’s Gu worm to its state before the activation.


 For instance, the enemy condensed a fire ball, but under rewind Gu’s power, the Gu worm would return back to before activation and the fire ball would disappear.


 However, rewind Gu had extremely huge demand on primeval essence; even Hong Yi with his A-grade aperture and over ninety percent primeval essence could only activate it once.



***
Chapter 680 - Zhi Forest, Earth Horse


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hong Yi had decided long ago, he was going to use rewind Gu to deal with his opponent’s defensive Gu.


 As long as the other party did not use two defensive Gu at the same time, Hong Yi would just need to hit the opponent’s body with one strike to heavily injure him, obtaining victory.


 But if the opponent had two defensive Gu activated at the same time, Hong Yi would not go on the offensive immediately, he would start a drawn out battle. The enemy would definitely expend primeval essence faster than him if he uses two defensive Gu.


 One could say, with this Gu in Hong Yi’s hands, he had a great advantage, he was most likely the winner of this competition.


 “If I get first, mother’s memorial tablet would be placed in the ancestral hall, she would be given a proper status. Hmm?”


 Suddenly, Hong Yi frowned, for one instant, he felt like his heart was empty, like something precious had been stolen from him.


 “Don’t tell me, because my wish is finally going to be fulfilled, I am starting to feel apprehensive? There is nothing valuable on me besides rewind Gu, what could be worth stealing?”


 Hong Yi shook his head, he laughed bitterly, forgetting that weird sensation he felt earlier.


 Far away in the valley, Fang Yuan breathed out deeply: “Connect Luck succeeded.”


 For the luck connection this time, he purposely made the best use of his time, rushing here immediately after resting in Hu Immortal blessed land for a while, thus, he did not come across any surprising disturbances.


 Fang Yuan used luck inspection Gu to check Hong Yi’s luck.


 His luck was previously milky white color, it was very special, giving people a feeling of vigor and vitality. His luck was gathered into a lump, forming the tall image of a scholar sitting and reading. The scholar’s image was rather similar to Hong Yi, he had a lively expression.


 But after connecting with Fang Yuan, this white scholar luck shrunk, it was not even thirty percent of the original.


 The scholar’s clean and smooth robe became a tattered shirt with random patches sewed onto it everywhere to maintain it. It was like a rich young master had turned into a poor man’s child, a pitiful student. His expression was not so lively anymore, his face was thinner and his expression was darker, like he had experienced a terrible encounter.


 “It seems that connecting my luck to these targets had its use. When I connected my luck to Han Li, I almost killed him. But this time, the connection to Hong Yi did not cause his luck to become deathly luck. It seems my own luck has improved greatly.” Fang Yuan was gratified in his mind.


 Just when he was about to leave, he suddenly felt a tug in his heart. He found two hidden Gu Masters lurking in this valley.


 In order to undergo the luck connection, Fang Yuan had set up many Gu worms near Universal Life Academy’s valley. On one hand, he wanted to conceal the aura of the Immortal Gu, but it was also to surveil the surroundings and provide early warnings to him.


 One could say that the entire valley was under Fang Yuan’s supervision.


 Fang Yuan closed his eyes and concentrated.


 These two hidden Gu Masters were not weak, they were rank five Gu Masters.


 They were at the other end of the valley, secretly moving while talking softly.


 “Sect Leader Fan Yi, are you sure that there is a zhi forest and earth horses underneath the surface of this valley?”


 “Valley Lord Yuan Bai, there is no mistake, I saw it personally! Don’t be anxious, follow me into the cavern, when you see it for yourself, won’t you believe me?”


 “Hmph, this is the territory of Universal Life Academy, if the principal of Universal Life Academy, Hong Xuan Ji, discovers us, we will be forced to bear the consequences of failure.”


 “Although Hong Xuan Ji is strong, he is lacking in investigative methods, otherwise, he would’ve found the great resources lying here already. We are intentionally hiding ourselves while he is unaware, how can he discover us?”


 “Sigh, if we are discovered, our reputations would be ruined, the leaders of two sects venturing into Universal Life Academy late at night.”


 ...


 Fang Yuan heard the entirety of their conversation.


 “Zhi forest, earth horses?” He thought.


 Zhi forests grew underground, usually for dozens of li. The lingzhi inside were as large as trees, their meat was plump and juicy, they could be fed to Gu worms, used as Gu refinement materials or sold.


 Earth horses were mutated beasts native to zhi forests. There were usually two or three in a single portion of zhi forest, they lived as a family. The hoof of the earth horse was the main ingredient of the rank five earth escape Gu. The eyes of the earth horse could refine the x-ray vision Gu, the tail hair of the earth horse could refine the smoke dust Gu.


 The earth horse’s body was full of treasures, it was no wonder the two rank five Gu Masters, Valley Lord Yuan Bai and Sect Leader Fan Yi, were interested.


 But to Fang Yuan, the earth horses and zhi forest did not have any appeal.


 An earth horse was a mutated beast that could be on par with a myriad beast king. But a family of earth horses was only two to three myriad beast kings. There were many people selling zhi forests in treasure yellow heaven, it was a common good and did not even require immortal essence stones to purchase.


 “But for Universal Life Academy, the underground zhi forest is a huge benefit and an important stockpile of resources. Unfortunately, they are still kept in the dark now.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he followed behind the two rank five Gu Masters from afar, successfully entering the underground zhi forest.


 As he estimated, this was an ordinary zhi forest, it was about ten li in size, and there were three earth horses. They were a family living in the zhi forest.


 “What a huge zhi forest!” Sect Leader Fan Yi exclaimed as he walked in the forest.


 “This is a land of treasures, why did it not appear in my valley? Sigh!” Valley Lord Yuan Bai touched the branches of the lingzhi, saying in jealousy.


 Fang Yuan took a detour around them and got to the center of the zhi forest.


 There was the largest lingzhi here, it was six meters tall, reaching the ceiling of the cave. The flesh of the lingzhi was like a huge umbrella, spreading out in a circular manner.


 This was the lingzhi king.


 Fang Yuan lowered his head and came to the lingzhi king.


 Next to the lingzhi king, there were three earth horses guarding it, along with some metal consuming ant groups. Among the ant groups, there were some wild metal path Gu, and the lingzhi king also had some wild wood path Gu worms.


 But these were all mortal, Fang Yuan did not conceal his immortal zombie aura, he came here without any obstruction.


 Fang Yuan stretched out one monstrous claw, grabbing the stalk of the lingzhi king.


 The lingzhi king trembled intensely, causing the ceiling of the cave to shake and debris to fall. The earth horses were suppressed by Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie aura, they did not dare to get close, and only made cries from afar.


 After Fang Yuan searched for a while, he pulled back his zombie claw.


 In his monstrous claw, there was a heart.


 This was the lingzhi king’s heart, it was soft and hot, the surface was milky white, this was completely made of lingzhi flesh and gave off a meaty fragrance.


 “As long as I plant this lingzhi king’s heart, soon, a new forest will form.” Fang Yuan took the treasure from right under their noses.


 The soil of Hu Immortal blessed land was not suited to plant large areas of zhi forests. But to sustain a small area of it, there were no issues, of course, there were also not much benefits in doing so.


 Fang Yuan was doing this purely for fun.


 As for this huge zhi forest and the earth horses, Fang Yuan had no need for them. It was troublesome and time consuming to move them into Hu Immortal blessed land, he would rather purchase them directly in treasure yellow heaven if needed, it was more convenient.


 After losing the heart, the lingzhi king would not die, but the zhi forest would stop growing, it would have to recuperate for over a decade.


 “What sound is that?” Far away, Yuan Bai and Fan Yi glanced at each other, Fang Yuan taking away the lingzhi king’s heart caused quite a commotion, along with the wailing horses.


 But when Yuan Bai and Fan Yi got to the lingzhi king, Fang Yuan had vanished without a trace, he had left.


 The remaining earth horse family exerted their anger and furious emotions on the two of them instead.


 The intense battle quickly attracted the attention of Universal Life Academy.


 Hong Xuan Ji lead a band of Gu Masters and rushed here, in shock and joy.


 Yuan Bai and Fan Yi sighed in their hearts, feeling extremely unlucky.


 After an intense battle, Hong Xuan Ji chased away Yuan Bai and Fan Yi, he gave orders to the elders of the academy who were in ecstasy: “The matter of the zhi forest is extremely important, from today onwards, we will halt the sect competition, and call back the disciples and elders who are out on missions. From now on, there will certainly be difficulties, Yuan Bai and Fan Yi are sure to gather other sects to exert pressure on us. We have to defend this zhi forest, it is our foundation to rise up!”


 “”Yes, lord principal!” The Gu Masters responded.


 On the other hand, Hong Yi, who was sound asleep, had no idea that the sect competition that he was looking forward to had been canceled.


 His desire to give his mother a proper status, that dream was going to have to be delayed for a long time.


 Swish swish swish...


 Waves were crashing on Fang Yuan’s face, but such mild force could not make him feel anything.


 This place was not in central continent, it was in southern border.


 The river before him was the number two river of southern border — Jade Dragon River.


 Southern border had three great rivers, the first was red dragon river, the second was jade dragon river, and the third was yellow dragon river.


 Red dragon river had water red as blood, jade dragon river had green waves in it, while yellow dragon river was something Fang Yuan had traveled on in this life, it was yellow in color and had the most sediments.


 Fang Yuan toyed with the lingzhi king’s heart in his hands, after taking this heart, he did not leave immediately using Fixed Immortal Travel, he went to a corner of the valley and left behind many Gu worms before activating Fixed Immortal Travel.


 These Gu worms all self-detonated as he was leaving, eliminating the aura of Fixed Immortal Travel, by doing this he could avoid anyone tracing him.


 Right now, he was waiting for a person.


 This person was another one of his targets, he had amazing luck and many fortuitous encounters, rising to a legend from a nobody. During the five regions chaotic war, he was a rank seven Gu Immortal, a famous person on the same level as Hong Yi and Han Li.


 But different from Han Li who joined a clan later, and Hong Yi who was a member of a sect, this person was a lone cultivator from start to finish, he had several good friends and family, but he did not join a particular force.


 When Fang Yuan was about to self-detonate in his previous life, there were rumors that central continent’s Heavenly Court was about to recruit him.


 As for whether this information was true or not, Fang Yuan had no way to verify it.


 But now that Fang Yuan had been reborn, that was not important.


 “In my memories, this person had been ostracized his entire life after his clan banished him. By this riverside, he obtained the inheritance of a rank four Gu Master, it was just enough for him to use. Using this inheritance, he earned a living while repelling the dangers of the wild. He grew stronger step by step, grabbing onto a huge opportunity and obtaining the black yellow mother qi Gu, the inheritance of a daoist master, he won nine out of ten times when rock gambling, and dominated all of the southern border gambling dens.”


 Fang Yuan recalled.


 He knew this place due to the ‘Biography of Ye Fan’. Every important person’s history was usually recorded down in words and pictures.


 Ye Fan was Fang Yuan’s target this time.


 And here was the start of Ye Fan’s rise. Tonight, he would have his first fortuitous encounter.



***
Chapter 681 - Nine Dragons Coffin Protection Luck


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The stars were like diamonds brightening the night sky.


 River winds blew softly, the howling of beasts and cries of birds could be heard, contrasting with the otherwise quiet environment.


 Fang Yuan waited patiently, but he did not see Ye Fan’s arrival over the entire night.


 As time passed, after the second and third day, Ye Fan did not appear at any point.


 “Don’t tell me, ‘Biography of Ye Fan’ was wrong?” Fang Yuan could not help but think, but he quickly rejected this thought: “No, the Gu Master inheritance near the riverside is still around, Ye Fan has not taken it. I’ll wait...”


 What Fang Yuan did not know was that, a thousand li away, Ye Fan had met with trouble.


 Huff huff huff...


 Ye Fan breathed roughly, he looked at the huge shadow of a sprawling beast near the cave entrance with much fear.


 “Damn it, why am I so unlucky? I was just banished from the clan, I hid in a cave to stay for the night, but I woke up to find out that the cave entrance was sealed!” Ye Fan cursed in his heart, he was nervous but helpless.


 This cave only had one entrance, but this fierce beast was blocking it.


 Ye Fan did not have any method to dig holes, his strength was very low but this beast’s body was huge, it was a beast emperor.


 “Why did this beast emperor come here alone without a single beast as its guard? Don’t tell me it is an old emperor that was chased out by the new emperor?” Ye Fan looked at the beast in front of him, analyzing nervously in his heart.


 As he continued observing, he quickly found out that this beast emperor was a paper tiger.


 This dog shaped beast emperor was covered in wounds, its body was not too big, but it was sprawled on the ground, its eyelids were drooping weakly.


 On its snow-white fur, there was multi-colored markings resembling flower petals on a snowy field.


 “Haa... haa... haa...” Ye Fan listened closely, hearing the dog emperor’s extremely weak, whimpering cries.


 Watching its dry belly that was so thin its bones could be seen, Ye Fan finally understood: “Although this is a beast emperor, it is extremely hungry, it has little to no battle strength.”


 Reaching this conclusion, Ye Fan let out a breath of turbid air, at the same time, he felt a bit of pity in his heart.


 They were in similar situations, this beast emperor’s fate was very much like his own.


 Ye Fan slowly got close to the dog shaped beast emperor, the beast emperor had no reaction, it allowed him to get closer.


 Ye Fan did not dare to breathe loudly, he squatted by the beast emperor’s side and stretched out his arm, placing it on its forehead.


 The soft fur was extremely comfortable to Ye Fan, it was a little warm and wet.


 This beast emperor had a fever, it was covered in sweat that made its fur wet, its bodily functions were barely functional.


 “Beast emperor, oh beast emperor, you are about to die, maybe one day, I will be just like you. But meeting me is your good luck, after all, I was the village’s most famous beast doctor.” Ye Fan muttered to himself, he felt great pity for this beast emperor and started to heal it.


 He activated his Gu, healing the beast emperor’s injuries, and also alleviating its illness. Next, he took out some precious food and water, feeding them to the beast emperor slowly, letting it recover its strength.


 Ye Fan was in no hurry, he stayed in this cave for seven days, as this dog shaped beast emperor finally recovered.


 Although it was still weak and did not have a single wild Gu, not even capable of defeating a thousand beast king. But it was out of danger now, its fever subsided and it could run freely, it was running around Ye Fan excitedly.


 Ye Fan saved it, it treated him as its closest person. Every time Ye Fan returned to the cave bringing food and water, it would run over and wag its tail happy around him.


 Later, when it recovered some battle strength, it went out to hunt with Ye Fan, helping him to find food.


 The human and dog quickly established a deep relationship.


 When Ye Fan decided to leave the cave and venture far away, the dog shaped beast emperor followed suit.


 “This is the eighth day, why has Ye Fan not appeared yet?” At jade dragon river, Fang Yuan was anxious.


 In about five to six days, Hei Lou Lan would be undergoing tribulation.


 By then, Fang Yuan needed to defend her, not only to help her survive the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, but also to deal with the combined attacks of the rank seven Gu Immortal Hei Cheng, and the rank six Gu Immortal Xue Song Zi.


 To estimate a Gu Immortal’s battle strength, there were many elements to consider, but the most crucial four were — immortal essence, killer moves, Immortal Gu, and the Gu Immortal’s personal attainment in fighting.


 During his northern plains trip, Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had newly advanced to a Gu Immortal was at the bottom of all rank six Gu Immortals in terms of battle strength.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had immortal essence and healing Immortal Gu, but he did not have killer moves or sufficient mortal Gu. Most importantly, his personal attainment in fighting was terrible.


 Thus, he was heavily suppressed by Hei Lou Lan who had the Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had little immortal essence, although he had many Immortal Gu, they were all waiting to be fed and it would be difficult for them to bear immediate use. Even though he had the killer moves icy drill stardust, light illusion bat wings, and hair armor, during his normal form, his battle strength was only at the upper-tier of rank six. But if he used the immortal killer move myriad self, his battle strength would reach the peak of rank six.


 Fang Yuan defeated the western desert Gu Immortal Plump Lady, her battle strength was also at the upper-tier of rank six. She had three powerful mortal killer moves, especially in the end when she used the movement killer move to escape, Fang Yuan could not even catch up to her.


 But Fang Yuan had the immortal zombie body, together with light illusion bat wings and hair armor cooperating together, the most important part was his ruthless and rich battle talent, that resulted in Plump Lady’s battle intent dissipating, and she could only run.


 Xue Song Zi’s battle strength was also at the upper-tier of rank six.


 He was a rich person among Gu Immortals, even though he lost a huge sum in funding Ma tribe, he still had thick foundations, he did not lack immortal essence. According to Fairy Li Shan’s information, he had collected a lot of killer moves long ago, as someone from the demonic path, he had always focused on battle strength, his attainment in fighting was also not ordinary.


 Xue Song Zi, all in all, was an experienced Gu Immortal, if Fang Yuan did not use myriad self and Immortal Gu to fight with him, the result would be unclear.


 Meanwhile, Hei Cheng’s battle strength was at the middle-tier of rank seven!


 Compared to Xue Song Zi and Hei Bai, Hei Cheng’s rank seven blessed land had greater qualifications, it produced red date immortal essence that was one rank higher than green grape immortal essence.


 He was a Gu Immortal of a Huang Jin tribe, he did not lack killer moves. He had the Immortal Gu Dark Arrow since a long time ago. According to Fairy Li Shan’s information, Hei Cheng had fought and obtained an Immortal Gu in northern plains several months ago, as to what Gu it was, Hei Cheng did not expose it.


 Speaking of Hei Cheng’s battle records, they was not ordinary, he had fought against several righteous path Gu Immortals, and even fought to the death with demonic path Gu Immortals, he had killed several demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Hei Cheng did not lack immortal essence and killer moves, he had uncommon fighting attainment, and only lacked Immortal Gu, if he had one or two more Immortal Gu to use in battle, his battle strength would rise to the upper-tier of rank seven.


 Although Fang Yuan had fought with Hei Cheng once before, it was for an extremely short time and Fang Yuan did not fight him directly, his goal was to retreat with Hei Lou Lan.


 Honestly speaking, although Fang Yuan had many Immortal Gu, there was not a single one that was used for attack or defense. When the dark arrows were shot out, Fang Yuan could only dodge and not take them directly. Thankfully, with cleanse soul Immortal Gu as the core Gu of the killer move myriad self, Fang Yuan had his own immortal killer move.


 Precisely because of this trump card, Fang Yuan had the qualifications to fight one on one with Hei Cheng


 Fang Yuan compared the battle strength of both sides, he was clear in his heart. Hei Lou Lan’s impending tribulation would bring great pressure to Fang Yuan.


 “Ye Fan has not arrived here yet, I have less time to prepare for when Hei Lou Lan undergoes tribulation now. Maybe I should give up on waiting and return to Hu Immortal blessed land to make preparations, and try to raise my battle strength to the limit.”


 After waiting for so many days, Fang Yuan’s heart was wavering.


 Especially when he recalled that the last two times he attempted a luck connection, accidents occurred, causing them to fail. During Han Li’s attempt, Plump Lady appeared and fought with Fang Yuan, only after he showed off his ruthlessness did she run away. When he did it with Hong Yi, Hei Lou Lan was being assaulted and Fang Yuan had no choice but to save her instead.


 “Don’t tell me that this time, when I attempted to connect my luck to Ye Fan, an accident occurred again? But this time, it did not happen to me but Ye Fan instead?”


 Fang Yuan’s guess hit the nail on the head.


 Luck was ever changing, it was like tides, rising and falling at times.


 There could be great fortune after surviving a near death experience, after Fang Yuan escaped with his life from the wind veil of assimilation, his black coffin luck had dissipated by half.


 And after that, he connected his luck to Han Li and Hong Yi, they were all chosen due to their strong luck, only inferior to Ma Hong Yun. Fang Yuan’s luck thus improved drastically.


 This time, when he tried to connect to Ye Fan’s luck, the contest of luck between the two no longer resulted in Fang Yuan encountering trouble, but instead, Ye Fan’s luck was induced to avoid him, and give Ye Fan an opportunity to dodge this crisis.


 Ye Fan made good use of this opportunity, dragging on time for seven days and seven nights, and subduing a beast emperor.


 But it was a pity, when he got close to jade dragon river, Fang Yuan’s heart had only wavered, he had not left.


 “Oh? This dog emperor beside Ye Fan, isn’t it that Ying Ming inside Three Kings blessed land? It actually survived, and is following Ye Fan now?” Fang Yuan recognized the dog emperor, he felt a little surprised.


 This was something not recorded in ‘Biography of Ye Fan’.


 The luck connection to Ye Fan was very successful, there were no accidents, or rather, Ye Fan’s lateness was already the accident.


 Ye Fan was much weaker in strength, from start to finish he did not discover Fang Yuan or his scheme against him. This proved once again: Good and bad luck are not decisive elements, as long as one’s strength was sufficient, they could resist bad luck and grab onto opportunities.


 Ye Fan’s luck was rather special as well.


 His luck had a coffin.


 But this coffin was not like Fang Yuan’s black coffin. It was bronze and ancient, mysterious with nine dragons of luck guarding the surroundings of the coffin.


 After connecting to Fang Yuan’s luck, the nine dragons shrunk to four, and the bronze coffin was half as big as before.


 Fang Yuan was satisfied with this result.


 Ye Fan’s luck had shrunk in half, but a large portion still remained.


 “Hong Yi, Han Li, and Ye Fan’s luck have been connected to mine, the four portions of luck are equally distributed. Ye Fan’s current luck is at the same intensity as mine, Han Li and Hong Yi.”


 After going through so much, Fang Yuan had finally settled the second weakness of Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Not only was his absolutely terrible luck gone, it was even better than ordinary people, he could be said to be a person with strong luck.


 “It is a pity that such candidates are hard to find. Although there are still a few in my memories, they have not been born yet.” Fang Yuan sighed out in pity, targets with thick and sustainable luck were very rare, at this point in time, Fang Yuan could find only these three.


 At this moment, the matter regarding luck connection had come to an end, Fang Yuan looked at Ye Fan getting close to the river inheritance as he smiled lightly.


 With a flash of jade light, he vanished.



***
Chapter 682 - Refining Group Strength Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan could faintly sense Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation would result in a huge battle.


 Hei Cheng was an experienced rank seven Gu Immortal, his battle strength surpassing Fang Yuan’s. Xue Song Zi was the owner of the seventh peak of Snowy Mountain blessed land and was also not an easy opponent.


 Even if Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi did not create trouble, a tribulation of the Great Strength True Martial Physique would far surpass the severity of those of normal people.


 Fang Yuan immediately started making preparations after he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 He needed to raise his battle strength in a short period of time. Battle strength usually depended on four aspects: immortal essence, killer moves, Immortal Gu and battle attainments.


 Fang Yuan was already very strong in his individual fighting attainment and it would be difficult to raise in a short period of time.


 He could only concentrate on the other three aspects to raise his battle strength.


 Fang Yuan first looked at his funds.


 To connect luck with Ye Fan, Fang Yuan made a trip to southern border and returned, costing him two beads of green grape immortal essence, which meant he had seventeen remaining.


 It was clear this amount was far from enough in a huge battle. According to Fang Yuan’s previous life’s memories, it was normal to spend dozens of beads of immortal essence in a huge battle, and sometimes it could even surpass a hundred.


 Fang Yuan also possessed a lot of Immortal Gu, thus he urgently needed to replenish his green grape immortal essence.


 And to replenish his green grape immortal essence, Fang Yuan only had one way and that was to refine immortal essence stones.


 However, Fang Yuan only had eleven and half immortal essence stones on him.


 Fang Yuan entered the underground cave and appeared before wisdom Gu again.


 “Wisdom Gu, I brought you some rather interesting stuff.” He greeted.


 In >, wisdom Gu communicated with Ren Zu frequently, but legends were not exempt from exaggeration.


 Fang Yuan was also probing in regards to this.


 No matter what he said, wisdom Gu would remain silent, instead, the wisdom light halo flickered a few times.


 Fang Yuan laughed.


 According to his previous experiences with wisdom Gu, the flickering of the light of wisdom represented wisdom Gu’s agreement.


 Upon this, he smoothly took out the lingzhi king’s heart and planted it on the spot.


 Within a few breaths of time, the soil ruptured and stems of small lingzhi mushrooms sprang out, which then rapidly grew and hardened, reaching the heights of tables and chairs.


 Hu Immortal blessed land’s soil quality was different from the soil quality in Universal Life Academy’s land, and was not suitable for the growth of mushrooms.


 This was the limit that the mushrooms could grow here.


 Fang Yuan did not feel any regrets as it was just a passing thought from him. He then casually sat down on a lingzhi mushroom.


 The lingzhi trembled violently, but unexpectedly was able to bear the heavy weight of Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body.


 This cave had been empty before, but now it was no longer dull; wisdom Gu was like a curious baby, flying and fluttering around the shorter mushrooms. At first, its speed was slow and careful, but soon its flying tracks revealed its cheerful state, like a baby finding an interesting toy.


 “Wisdom Gu, let’s get back to the main matter.” Fang Yuan looked on for a while before speaking.


 Wisdom Gu stopped on top of a lingzhi and emitted the light of wisdom again, which shrouded Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan silently activated delight in water and mountain Gu and began to deduce an Immortal Gu remnant recipe.


 Seven days later, he had succeeded in perfecting three Immortal Gu remnant recipes. Using a stargate, he completed the transaction with Lang Ya land spirit, gaining forty immortal essence stones.


 According to the price agreed upon beforehand, perfecting an over ninety percent complete Immortal Gu remnant recipe would pay off ten immortal essence stones, while perfecting an eighty percent or more completed Immortal Gu remnant recipe would pay off twenty immortal essence stones.


 Among the Immortal Gu remnant recipes Fang Yuan perfected this time, two were ninety percent completed remnant recipes while one was an eighty-nine percent completed remnant recipe.


 Not all Immortal Gu remnant recipes with Lang Ya land spirit were ninety percent or over completed remnant recipes, there were many with lower completion rates.


 Fang Yuan obtained many immortal essence stones in every transaction but he also had to spend a lot of immortal essence stones to completely deduce the Immortal Gu remnant recipes. Normally, his net profits were around twenty-six immortal essence stones in every transaction with Lang Ya land spirit.


 He got a piece of good news from Little Hu Immortal land spirit when he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land: A Gu Immortal seemed to have found the dead body of a six headed snake and its parts and organs were being separately sold in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan immediately activated divine sense Gu and connected to treasure yellow heaven using his Eight Arm Immortal identity to contact the seller.


 His calamity beckoning Gu fed on the black blood of the desolate beast six headed snake.


 However, when Fang Yuan saw the store, there was skin, flesh, bones, eyes and snake tendons, but there was no blood for sale.


 “When I found this desolate beast carcass by accident, the six headed snake had already been dead for close to a hundred years. Thus, the black blood had completely seeped out. I am truly sorry.” The seller replied.


 Fang Yuan discerned the corpse of the six headed snake and saw that the Gu Immortal was indeed telling the truth.


 Fang Yuan was not discouraged, however. And still decided to buy the bones of this six headed snake.


 The six headed snake was a desolate beast with strength comparable to rank six Gu Immortals. Its whole body was a treasure and every part could be used in the process of Gu refinement.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of money on hand, directly buying off the whole skeleton, spending three immortal essence stones.


 The bone marrow in the bones could produce blood. In his previous life, Fang Yuan in his previous life was a blood path expert and excelled in extracting blood. With this skeleton, calamity beckoning Gu’s food was taken care of.


 After buying the skeleton, Fang Yuan then went to the store of Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.


 As expected, divine senses were moving around frequently here and the business was thriving, all because of the Gu refinement material – stone monkey fur.


 Shi Lei did not personally stay in treasure yellow heaven, instead leaving behind a proud will to look over the store.


 Wisdom path inheritances were rare, but wisdom path Gu were not rare in treasure yellow heaven. Almost all Gu Immortals had some for the convenience in trading in treasure yellow heaven. If not, Fang Yuan would not have bought so many wisdom path Gu back then.


 “How much are you selling this stone monkey fur for?” Fang Yuan inquired Shi Lei’s will.


 Shi Lei’s will stiffly said: “One immortal essence stone for one hundred pieces of fur!”


 Even Fang Yuan who was very experienced was shocked by this price: “How is it so expensive?”


 Shi Lei’s proud will raised his head: “Expensive? You can go buy in other places then.”


 Fang Yuan snorted inwardly, this stone monkey fur was researched by Shi Lei, how could other places sell it? This was the benefit of monopolizing the market, the price could be casually set. On the contrary, even though the price was so high, many Gu Immortals were buying it.


 Which Gu Immortal did not have Gu recipes and Immortal Gu remnant recipes! Maybe one or two them might happen to require this stone monkey fur as a refinement material.


 There were also a portion of Gu Immortals who had other intentions.


 They bought stone monkey fur to attempt to research the secret of its production. If their blessed lands could also produce it, they could get a share of these exorbitant profits.


 “Don’t say I didn’t tell you later, if you want to research the production of this stone monkey fur, you need at least a thousand strands of fur. If it is any less, you won’t be able to research anything.” Shi Lei’s proud will also knew of the Gu Immortals’ intention and instead used this to peddle the goods, not in the least worried of the secret of stone monkey fur’s production being researched by others.


 Fang Yuan attempted to haggle but Shi Lei’s proud will did not yield, impatiently saying: “Go away, go away, don’t make a disturbance if you are not buying! There are plenty of other buyers! A poor wretch, and still wishing to buy ancient Gu refinement material!”


 Fang Yuan snorted.


 Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei was a rank seven Gu Immortal with a fiery and arrogant temper. Not only was he good at managing his blessed land, he also had outstanding battle strength.


 He was conceited but it was true he had the capital to be conceited.


 During the five regions chaotic war, he had dominated a territory. Later when Feng Jiu Ge perished while invading Lang Ya blessed land, there was no one that could suppress Shi Lei and his battle strength grew to the extent that even central continent’s ten great sects could not restrain him.


 He was unruly and untamed, not willing to be under anyone, creating chaos in central continent and even publicly announcing he would attack leading immortals!


 A great battle was imminent and Fang Yuan urgently required stone monkey fur to refine group strength Gu, thus regardless of how haughty Shi Lei’s proud will was, he could only suffer this grievance silently and buy stone monkey fur.


 He used five immortal essence stones to buy five hundred stone monkey fur.


 With stone monkey fur on hand, Fang Yuan started refining group strength Gu.


 Group strength Gu was an extinct Gu classified under strength path; its ability was to converge the strength of a group into one. If it was matched with the killer move myriad self, it would greatly raise Fang Yuan’s strength.


 Fang Yuan did not want to refine just one rank five group strength Gu, the more he had the better. At this moment, the old hairy men he had purchased before could finally display their worth.


 These old hairy men did not have long to live but each of them was a refinement path expert. Fang Yuan divided the group strength Gu recipe into different parts, leaving the unimportant, high success rate and repetitive procedures for the hairy men to work on. And he, as a refinement path master, concentrated on the crucial procedures.


 They worked for three days and three nights without any rest, refining a total of forty-five rank five group strength Gu.


 Gu refinement had its own difficulty, the higher the rank, the easier it was to fail. If every Gu refinement had succeeded, the five hundred stone monkey fur would have turned into five hundred group strength Gu.


 However, after spending large numbers of refinement materials and all the stone monkey fur, Fang Yuan only obtained forty-five in the end.


 This success rate was the result of the group strength Gu recipe already being easy to refine and having a high success rate.


 Fang Yuan could also naturally use the light of wisdom to improve group strength Gu’s recipe or find substitute materials for stone monkey fur.


 However, Fang Yuan did not have the time to slowly deduce these.


 Even if he had time, he might not have the necessary refinement path foundation. After all, this was an ancient Gu recipe and was vastly different to the current systems of refinement path.


 Even if had the foundation and time, he had to calculate his expenses and benefits. The deduction process would cost him green grape immortal essence. And he was unable to estimate this amount of green grape immortal essence.


 After refining group strength Gu, Fang Yuan did not rest, instead he used the light of wisdom to ponder upon his killer move, myriad self. He spent a day of time before he was finally able to perfectly merge the forty five group strength Gu with myriad self.


 While Fang Yuan was refining, Little Hu Immortal finally completed her assignment, finishing the construction of the blood pool in the western part of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The blood pool was extremely large, like a lake. In the center of the pool, the six headed snake’s skeleton was bobbing up and down; the intense odor of blood pervaded over a huge surrounding area. There were large numbers of Gu worms in the pool, creating a formation which continually consumed the skeleton to create black blood.


 The core of the Gu formation was the rank five Battle Bone Wheel which Fang Yuan had obtained from northern plains.


 Hu Immortal blessed land’s time flow was five times faster than the outside world of central continent. Because of this, Fang Yuan was able to make as much preparation as he could when there were only five to six days remaining till the appointed time in northern plains.


 Time passed and the day of Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation approached closer and closer.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned to Hu Immortal Blessed Land through a stargate.


 He brought a pleasant surprise with him.



***
Chapter 683 - Hei Lou Lans Immortal Ascension (1\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Underworld jellyfish... deepsea lightning eels... you actually managed to gather these ingredients.” Fang Yuan inspected the goods as he looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng in surprise.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had singlehandedly obtained the food to feed worldly wave trace Gu without any issue!


 This was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 “When I displayed landscape as before Immortal Gu, I was greatly welcomed by many Gu Immortals. They took the initiative to interact with me, at the moment, there are already Gu Immortals who have invited me to join Hai Shi blessed land. However, this matter can only be approved after half of the elders in Hai Shi blessed land agree.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng said.


 Fang Yuan nodded, Hai Shi blessed land was the biggest lone cultivator force in eastern sea.


 Gu cultivators that joined Hai Shi blessed land were mostly lone cultivators, but this was different from northern plains’ Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land was the base camp of demonic path cultivators, they were at odds with the righteous path forces. But Hai Shi blessed land mixed both demonic and righteous path members, there were even more Gu Immortals here than in Snowy Mountain, and there were many different factions which together controlled the largest market in eastern sea. Precisely because of this, Hai Shi blessed land became the most popular spot for Gu Immortals to sell their loot.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a lone cultivator, his landscape as before Immortal Gu was much needed by many Gu Immortals.


 But Gu worms were hard to snatch, one thought from Tai Bai Yun Sheng would destroy Landscape as Before. It was completely understandable that the Gu Immortals wanted to make Tai Bai Yun Sheng one of their own.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: “I bought sufficient underworld jellyfish in Hai Shi blessed land. After getting your letter, I left Hai Shi blessed land, searching for a secluded island to use stargate Gu. But by coincidence, I met an immortal zombie who called himself Shark Demon, he was a member of Zombie Alliance, and was bringing large amounts of goods to Hai Shi blessed land to sell.”


 “He had many deepsea lightning eels with him, if these eels were sold in Hai Shi blessed land, there would certainly be many buyers. I approached him and asked if I could purchase them. Shark Demon was unwilling at first and had a terrible attitude. But after knowing I was Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he changed his mind. He was willing to sell the deepsea lightning eels to me, but I had to help him repair a secret blessed land. I agreed to his request, and obtained the deepsea lightning eels without spending any immortal essence stones.”


 “This Shark Demon actually trusted you this much?” Fang Yuan heard this and frowned deeply.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed, replying nonchalantly: “Oh, he had a rule path Immortal Gu called Death Sentence Awaits. I cooperated with him and accepted the use of Death Sentence Awaits, obtaining his trust.”


 “Death Sentence Awaits is a rank seven Immortal Gu that belongs to the rule path, it can set a person’s time of death. Once the time was up, even a Gu Immortal would die.” Fang Yuan’s frown intensified.


 “That is right, this Shark Demon is a rank seven immortal zombie.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng chuckled.


 “Old Bai, you are handing him your weakness. Actually, even without food to feed the Immortal Gu, it would have been fine for the moment.” Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, sighing.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed, patting Fang Yuan’s leg, his height was obviously not enough to reach Fang Yuan’s shoulders.


 He purposely explained: “Do you think I did it for you? No. That secret blessed land is not owned by Shark Demon, it is Yu Lu blessed land. Fairy Yu Lu was the second disciple of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. It is a pity that Yu Lu blessed land’s entrance had already been destroyed. Shark Demon needs my Landscape as Before to restore the entrance. I used this opportunity to gain his trust and also a chance to explore Yu Lu blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng deeply in the eye, not continuing this conversation.


 Two days later, the six headed snake’s large skeleton had completed melted in the blood pool, Fang Yuan obtained a great amount of black blood.


 He fed calamity beckoning Immortal Gu this black blood, before using Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s jellyfish and eels to feed worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had indeed helped Fang Yuan greatly.


 In an intense battle, worldly wave trace Immortal Gu would definitely be needed, after feeding this Gu, Fang Yuan could use it without worries.


 Checking his assets, Fang Yuan still had twenty-nine and a half immortal essence stones, as well as seventeen green grape immortal essence beads.


 Without hesitation, he used almost all his immortal essence stones and converted them into his green grape immortal essence. He now had forty-six green grape immortal essence beads and half an immortal essence stone.


 “Forty-six beads... it’s not enough.” Fang Yuan went to borrow from Fairy Li Shan and Lang Ya land spirit.


 Fairy Li Shan lent him thirty immortal essence stones straight away without saying anything.


 As for Lang Ya land spirit, after urging him for so long, he only lent fifteen.


 These three deals with Lang Ya land spirit did not establish too deep of a relationship. Fang Yuan had wanted to borrow Immortal Gu from him, but seeing this, he did not engage in fantasy.


 He converted the forty-five immortal essence stones into green grape immortal essence. At this point, he had an unprecedented amount of green grape immortal essence, ninety-one beads.


 The grand powers of the river of time was unstoppable by men.


 As time continued to pass, the day when Hei Lou Lan went through the immortal ascension tribulation had finally arrived.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng used a stargate to reach northern plains as per the agreement.


 Looking left and right, it was a field of snow with absolute silence. In the snowy field, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan had long since arrived.


 “This place is...” Fang Yuan’s gaze was hesitant.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng answered: “This is the absolute ice battlefield at the north-most part of northern plains, legend says that Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had once fought strong enemies in here and destroyed the place, creating an area of void. After the battle ended, he turned into the immemorial desolate beast ice phoenix, breathing out absolute profound ice to freeze and restore this place.”


 “That’s right.” Fairy Li Shan nodded: “Because this place has little vitality, the heaven and earth qi here are not very thick.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Hei Lou Lan, smiling: “You purposely chose this place to undergo the tribulation, are you afraid that the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity would be too fierce? But without sufficient heaven and earth qi, the foundation of your immortal aperture would be affected, as well as your future potential as a Gu Immortal.”


 Fairy Li Shan opened her palm, as a Gu worm appeared: “If heaven and earth qi are insufficient, we will use these Gu.”


 Fang Yuan looked over and his heart jumped: “Oh? The ancient qi path rank five Gu worm — small family qi Gu? This is the first time I’ve seen it. Rumors say that this Gu can absorb all sorts of qi from heaven and earth, storing them. It can advance to become the Immortal Gu Big Family Qi!”


 Qi path appeared before strength path, but it also declined earlier.


 Fairy Li Shan was prepared to explain, but seeing that Fang Yuan recognized it, she praised: “Fang Yuan, you are truly knowledgeable, not bad, not bad at all.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and his eyes shone: “This Gu worm is great! Heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities form when heaven and earth qi are too thick and accumulate. With this Gu worm, can we indirectly control the heaven and earth qi, to reduce the force of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity?”


 “The immortal ascension of one of the ten extreme physiques has a terrifying heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity. Oh, if I did not obtain this small family qi Gu, I would have no confidence towards Little Lan ascending to Gu Immortal realm.” Fairy Li Shan sighed, staring at Hei Lou Lan with much concern and worry.


 Next, her gaze flickered and she turned to Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, if Hei Lou Lan’s ascension succeeds, you will only need to return me half the immortal essence stones you borrowed. At the same time, I will give you the recipe of small family qi Gu.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze shone with joy, while Fang Yuan nodded emotionlessly.


 “Other than the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, what I am worried about now is that old scoundrel Hei Cheng. When I entered northern plains last time, he discovered me immediately, evidently, he has placed a tracking method on me, but I could not find it at all.”


 After pausing for a while, Hei Lou Lan continued: “We have to make plans for the worst possible outcome, Hei Cheng’s tracking method is definitely not simple. If he comes and attacks at the crucial moment, there is little possibility of me dealing with him. But if I can endure past the taking in of qi, my body would be washed by the three qi, it would be reinforced by the dao marks and cleansed completely, achieving a qualitative transformation, even if Hei Cheng used an Immortal Gu tracking method, it would be wiped clean. As long as we make it to the second step, we can leave.”


 “I understand, you can start.” Fang Yuan said.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, closing her eyes.


 The first step in advancing to Gu Immortal was breaking the aperture.


 Apertures of the ten extremes were different from ordinary apertures, the latter required the Gu Master to charge at the aperture walls to break them, but the former’s aperture walls had long been over burdened.


 The moment Hei Lou Lan released the seal formed by Gu worms on her aperture, the ten extreme aperture shattered on its own.


 Her originally intact body immediately had a hole, as a huge attraction force towards the heaven and earth qi burst out.


 The deep blue sky started to form clouds. As the icy fields shook slightly, cracks appeared on the thick surface of the ice.


 Hei Lou Lan relaxed her body, she allowed the formless force created in heaven and earth to lift her body into the air.


 Her skin was white and pale like snow, her black hair was let down as she wore tight fitting black clothing, showing off the curves of her body.


 The wind started blowing.


 In a dozen breaths of time, the winds were blowing wildly as the small wind became an intense storm.


 Clouds merged and covered the sky, looming above Hei Lou Lan. From the shattered surface of the ice, traces of smoke started rising up — this was the sign that earth qi had been drawn up above the ice ground.


 Soon, it started snowing in the sky.


 The clouds became thicker, and the color turned from grey-white to deep black.


 Within the entirety of the surroundings, it was completely dark.


 The winds blew and icy cold frost that could chill bones filled the entire area. At the same time, earth qi burst out, cracking noises erupted, earth qi gushed out into the world like a fountain.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fairy Li Shan retreated, hiding their figures.


 Only Fang Yuan remained, looking at the sky. His tall body was like an immovable rock statue, the intense winds and snow could not move him at all.


 These were all mortal level winds and snow, no matter how big they were, they could not threaten this immortal zombie.


 As snow covered the lands, and intense winds blew, they became louder and louder, like the cries of demons and ghosts.


 “As expected of a tribulation of the ten extreme physique, the heaven and earth qi here are so thin, yet so much was still drawn. If this was any other region in northern plains, it would simply be unthinkable!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng hid far away, not showing his figure. Looking at this scene, his heart was shocked.


 From the winds and snow, heaven and earth qi slowly became thicker.


 Hei Lou Lan started to sprinkle the small family qi Gu.


 These rank five Gu flew into the sky or landed on the ground, they started to absorb heaven and earth qi and store them. They greatly reduced the speed of the accumulation of heaven and earth qi.



***
Chapter 684 - Hei Lou Lans Immortal Ascension (2\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “With small family qi Gu, there would be a way to influence the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.” Fang Yuan watched silently by the side.


 The intense winds were howling, snow was descending along with sharp icicles, crashing on Fang Yuan’s body. Fang Yuan did not move at all, the immortal zombie body was unharmed.


 Bam bam bam...


 Hei Lou Lan continued to sprinkle the small family qi Gu, when these ancient qi path Gu worms had reached the limit of their capacity, she retrieved them. During this process, many small family qi Gu had self-detonated and the absorbed heaven and earth qi were returned to the world.


 When a Gu Immortal ascends, because of the turbulence of heaven and earth qi, both mortal Gu and Immortal Gu would receive backlash.


 Even though Hei Lou Lan prepared the small family qi Gu, she could only influence the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity slightly, she could not control it.


 As time continued to pass, unavoidably, the heaven and earth qi became thicker, and were at the point of creating the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 As the howling of the winds continued, Hei Lou Lan’s black hair danced in the air, the snow and ice hitting her face. Clothes made using Gu worms were much more durable than ordinary clothes. Thus, her clothes were fluttering in the air, not tearing even under the pull of the intense winds.


 Fang Yuan found it slightly weird: “It has already been so long, where is the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity?”


 His eyes shone with radiance, by activating Gu worms to investigate carefully, the wind and snow could not block his vision.


 Fang Yuan went into high alert, heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities had many variations, some were powerful and had strong auras, some were mysterious and scary, he could not predict it, Gu Masters could only test their luck and be as prepared as they could to deal with it.


 Howl, howl, howl!


 The sound of the wind was becoming sharper, it hurt the eardrums as Fang Yuan felt some frustration in his heart.


 Suddenly, he jolted to awareness, he activated his investigative Gu forcefully and looked into the clouds. He immediately saw that a purple chime had formed, it was moving slowly and emitting a sound.


 It turns out the heavenly tribulation had formed already!


 As the noise became louder and sharper, it fused with the wind, spreading over a hundred li!


 Even if Fang Yuan covered his ears, he could not block this noise. Although he had prepared some sound path mortal Gu, his sound path attainment was too low, he could not defend against it.


 He felt more and more frustrated, his heart was beating faster, following the sound of the chime, and his blood was starting to flow backwards.


 Hei Lou Lan was groaning, blood was oozing from her mouth and nose, her state was worse than Fang Yuan’s.


 Fang Yuan squinted, cold light flashing in his eyes: “This is the heart shocking noise tribulation, when Gu Masters hear it, their blood would flow backwards, and their hearts would beat faster. If a long time passes, their blood will flow towards the seven orifices, and their heart would explode. I have the body of an immortal zombie, my zombie blood is ice cold, it is almost stagnant, thus I am affected the least. But Hei Lou Lan is the Great Strength True Martial Physique, her blood is the most active among us, she is countered by the heart shocking noise calamity! We must destroy the source of it, the purple chime!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan stopped hesitating, he activated light illusion bat wings and flew into the sky.


 He flew rapidly, but the closer he got to the purple chime, the more his heart was shocked. When he was three hundred steps away from it, his heart was beating so quickly even his muscles and tendons were vibrating.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s body froze, he opened his mouth and vomited a mouthful of green zombie blood.


 A moment ago, his heart was unable to take the pressure and burst.


 But Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, his heart was not a weak point, such an injury awakened his fierce nature.


 He laughed freakishly, spreading all eight arms and using his killer move.


 Icy Drill Stardust!


 Eight starlight lumps formed and crashed towards the tribulation cloud.


 They drilled into the tribulation cloud, slamming into the purple chime. The chime was not strong, it broke immediately. The heart shocking demonic sound stopped, and Fang Yuan’s pressure was lifted.


 But at the next moment, the tribulation cloud rumbled, as heaven qi gathered, a new purple chime was about to be formed.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light, how could the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity be defeated so easily in one strike? This was not unexpected.


 Icy Drill Stardust!


 His eight arms gathered, using the killer move again, creating a huge icy drill stardust lump.


 Within the dark blue starlight lump, stardust fragments were shining brightly, colliding into each other at a chaotic pace.


 Fang Yuan shouted lightly, his eights arms pushed forward, sending the starlight lump towards the tribulation cloud.


 The larger the starlight lump, the slower its speed. But after colliding into the purple chime again, a large amount of starlight specks remained, they were emitting a crackling sound as they self-detonated.


 Heaven qi gathered, forming more purple chimes, but were instantly destroyed by the starlight lump.


 The starlight lump could be seen shrinking with the naked eye, but the enchanting heart shocking noise did not enter Fang Yuan’s ears again.


 Fang Yuan succeeded in suppressing the heavenly tribulation, but he did not let down his guard. The immortal ascension of the ten extreme physiques, how could it be so simple?


 He continued to unleash icy drill stardust, although this killer move was a mortal killer move, it had amazing power, after fusing Dou Min Jun’s inheritance into it, this killer move was worth four immortal essence stones.


 Icy drill stardust continued to be replenished, as the purple chime continued to form and break down.


 Fang Yuan looked down at Hei Lou Lan below him.


 The latter’s breathing had soothed, her eyes were shut tight. Her expression was determined, she sat cross-legged in the air, unmoving. On her beautiful pale face, there were dried blood traces.


 But the recovery of the Great Strength True Martial Physique was the best of the ten extreme physiques, Hei Lou Lan’s injuries had already recovered.


 Her hands did not stop moving, she scattered small family qi Gu while retrieving the ones that were full. She had changed her battle strategy, she scattered the small family qi Gu on the ground and rarely in the sky.


 One could deduce from this that she did not have many small family qi Gu, after all, this was an ancient qi path Gu worm. Even if they had the Gu recipe, it was very difficult to find refinement materials.


 Even if Hei Lou Lan had ample time to prepare, she did not have many of this Gu with her.


 Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, at this time, he could hear some weeping noises.


 The voice was desolate and pitiful, it sounded like the crying of a begrudged wife, or the sleepy talk of a young maiden in love, it was a whisper that was very affectionate and caring, but at times it also had the tone of hatred and grudge.


 Fang Yuan heard this and even his immortal zombie body felt a sense of weakness. His entire body could not exert strength, he was like a hero out of breath, together with an endless longing for his homeland, his bravery fell short and his ambitions could not be fulfilled. His firm fists and legs felt like they were hitting on cotton, it was like he had just recovered from a terrible illness, he had no strength in him.


 Fang Yuan shouted out in dismay, using his investigative Gu and looking up, he saw that near the purple chime, a pink chime had appeared.


 The chime continued to vibrate, creating a weeping noise.


 This was the decadent noise tribulation!


 Before Fang Yuan used his killer move to shatter the pink chime, enchanting noise assaulted him again.


 Bang... bang... bang!


 The sound was like thunder, it was like the pounding of a giant, every sound was hitting on the deepest parts of Fang Yuan’s mind, in his mind, his thoughts could not move, they were all shattered by this thunderous noise.


 Tremor thought noise tribulation!


 Immortal zombies have slow cognition, this heavenly tribulation directly countered Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan felt an intense dizziness, he could not think and his body was wavering, he almost fell from this high altitude.


 At the moment of crisis, he used his remaining bit of clarity to activate delight in water and mountain Gu.


 Three green grape immortal essence beads entered delight in water and mountain Gu, as joyful will burst out and spread in Fang Yuan’s entire mind.


 Fang Yuan had just stabilized his body when, swoosh!


 Suddenly, there was a sharp noise near his ears, approaching rapidly.


 Fang Yuan subconsciously tried to block it, but at the next moment, his five fingers were all sliced off, the five fingers were covered by the wind and snow, vanishing without a trace.


 Swish swish swish...


 The sharp noise continued to emit, getting closer to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he focused his gaze and used three investigative methods consecutively. He could faintly see that there were very thin invisible lines in the wind and snow, it was sharp and formed a huge web, moving towards Fang Yuan without giving him any place to dodge.


 These invisible lines were not of material nature, they were all formed using sounds.


 Fang Yuan watched with his hair on end: “This is the flying blade noise tribulation! Hair armor! Light illusion bat wings!”


 He activated his defensive killer move and his movement killer move.


 Fang Yuan moved continually, his black armor broke apart and after leaving his body, the fragments turned into black zombie hair.


 Fang Yuan twisted left and right, he finally found a rather loose gap and broke through the sound web.


 But the invisible sound lines still came for him. The hair armor lasted for another three breaths before reaching its limit and breaking.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he used his defensive killer move again, forming a new layer of hair armor that barely covered his body.


 He dodged left and right, his body moving like a phantom, as lumps of icy drill stardust were shot up.


 The stardust touched the sound web and were blocked, cut into pieces of fragments.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan’s fingers grew rapidly, his shattered heart formed once again.


 Howl howl howl...


 Without the starlight lump’s restraint, the first purple chime formed again.


 The ghostly cries resounded again, Fang Yuan’s blood flowed in reverse again, his newly formed heart started beating rapidly as it went on the path of self-detonation.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated.


 Be it the icy drill stardust, light illusion bat wings, or hair armor, they had been used to their limits, yet the dangerous situation could not be alleviated!


 This was only Hei Lou Lan’s heavenly tribulation, the earthly calamity had not formed yet due to the small family qi Gu’s suppression.


 In Fang Yuan’s mind, huge amounts of joyful will were expended, in a short period, ten percent were used up.


 “My current battle strength is upper-tier of rank six, but I cannot do anything to this heavenly tribulation. The ascension of the ten extreme physiques, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity is truly terrifying, this is several times the power compared to an ordinary Gu Immortal! Hmm?”


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s expression changed, his heart sank.


 He found out that in this tribulation cloud, another four chimes of varying colors were forming.


 Earlier, with just four chimes, Fang Yuan was already near his limits. Now that four new ones appeared, Fang Yuan could only use the immortal killer move myriad self.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng watched at a hidden location with much fear: “It seems the immortal ascension of the ten extreme physique is not just several times as dangerous as an ordinary Gu Master, it is at least a dozen times as terrifying.”


 He had thought that his own tribulation was tough. But to think that Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation was far more dangerous than his!


 “Oh no, this is not an ordinary heavenly tribulation, it is one of the ten catastrophes, eight layer enchanting noise tribulation, when all eight noises are emitted, it would have a range of eight hundred and eighty li, heaven and earth would shake and immortals would be exterminated!” Far away, Fairy Li Shan who had been hiding recognized the eight chimes and almost wanted to help out.


 “Eight layer enchanting noise tribulation... if all eight noises are emitted at once, the strength would be unstoppable, this tribulation would end in failure without a trace of hope of success.” Fang Yuan’s expression was cold, the tougher the situation, the stronger his battle intent.


 Crack crack crack.


 During the process, all the mortal Gu he used were getting destroyed continuously.


 The backlash of heaven and earth was causing him to lose a large number of mortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan made ample preparations, he had prepared a large number of Gu worms and his killer moves had never stopped activating.


 Just as he was about to use myriad self, Hei Lou Lan who was below him opened her eyes!



***
Chapter 685 - Hei Lou Lans Immortal Ascension (3\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 From Hei Lou Lan’s eyes, a dazzling light was bursting out.


 The light gathered and took form, like that of a real pillar, it pierced through the tribulation cloud and shot the two chimes.


 With a loud bang, the chimes broke, completely eliminated and was unable to regenerate.


 The light pillar only lasted for a moment before Hei Lou Lan shut her eyes, the entire process was extremely short, only lasting a breath of time.


 This was the light of divert disaster!


 Hei Lou Lan used the Immortal Gu Divert Disaster!


 The power of an Immortal Gu was extraordinary, it was a stark contrast to Fang Yuan’s mortal killer move icy drill stardust.


 Hei Lou Lan controlled her breathing before opening her eyes again.


 Two pillars of divert disaster light shot out, destroying two chimes again.


 Fang Yuan was secretly shocked: “Such power, this was not a simple use of divert disaster Immortal Gu, it was used together with mortal Gu. Using her sight to unleash the attack, it is much more concentrated and precise. In other words, Hei Lou Lan had already developed an immortal killer move using the Immortal Gu Divert Disaster as the core!”


 Hei Lou Lan had outstanding talent, not long after obtaining divert disaster Gu, she developed an immortal killer move?


 This was very strange and unthinkable to Fang Yuan, but the truth was right before him, it was indisputable!


 At this time, Hei Lou Lan opened her eyes again, eliminating two chimes again.


 But at this time, she shut her eyes, two lines of fresh blood flowed down the corner of her eyes. her eyelashes were trembling and her body was shaking. On her palm, she held divert disaster Gu tightly, cracks were appearing on it and it was wailing out softly.


 This frantically created immortal killer move was not complete, it had very potent weaknesses.


 “Two chimes left!” Hei Lou Lan did not care about it, she gritted her teeth and opened her eyes forcefully, destroying the heavenly tribulation’s last two chimes in one shot.


 Guh! Guh!


 Her beautiful eyes had shattered at this moment, as two streams of blood poured out of her empty eye sockets.


 With a bang, the divert disaster Immortal Gu burst in her hands, breaking into light particles, slipping from the cracks of her fingers and vanishing.


 Hei Lou Lan had gone blind!


 Although she had the Great Strength True Martial Physique and had terrifying recovery speed, the injury in her eyes was due to the forceful activation of the Immortal Gu Divert Disaster, dao marks of luck path were in her eye sockets, she could not heal them.


 The rank six divert disaster Immortal Gu was also destroyed in this process, becoming history.


 Hei Lou Lan was extremely resolute, she had the heart of a formidable character, after paying a terrible price, she destroyed the heavenly tribulation for good, now only the earthly calamity was left!


 At this moment, Fang Yuan praised her in his heart: “Resolute!”


 The immortal ascension of the ten extreme physiques gave birth to a terrifying heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity. What’s worse was that they still had a strong foe waiting to interfere. Under the immense pressure of life and death, Hei Lou Lan had no choice but to sacrifice divert disaster Immortal Gu, as well as a pair of her eyes.


 This was a decision common people would find hard to make.


 Such sacrifice, it showed Hei Lou Lan’s ambitious and ruthless disposition, she had an unrivaled spirit.


 As heaven qi poured down like he stream of a waterfall, earth qi gushed up like a golden fountain. Hei Lou Lan’s foundation and deep accumulation turned into a large amount of human qi as it burst out from within her.


 “This is the human qi of one of the ten extreme physiques?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng watched with a dumbfounded expression.


 Hei Lou Lan’s human qi was many times more than Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng combined.


 The human qi of the ten extreme physiques was usually overwhelmingly thick, this was mostly due to the ten extreme apertures.


 Even with enough mental preparation, spectators were still shocked.


 As the three qi converged, it formed a huge cocoon that covered up Hei Lou Lan.


 At this point, she had reached the second step — taking in the qi.


 Hei Lou Lan was focused on balancing the three qi, she took back all her small family qi Gu and would not be able to face her enemies for the time being.


 Crack...


 Frozen rivers shattered, heaven and earth shook.


 At this moment, a thunderous sound could be heard, as a huge frenzied ape jumped out from deep within a frozen river.


 With a loud thud, the frenzied ape landed on the ground, it created two huge holes where it stood. The ice fragments were scattered around the huge holes.


 The frenzied ape beat its chest, shouting out loudly. Its voice was so loud that even the rumbling tribulation cloud froze for a second.


 Its body was like snow, its eyes were red like blood, its monkey fur spiked out like icicles, piercing towards heaven. It was hundreds of meters tall, large like a hill, it has an incredible aura and was extremely fierce. Compared to it, Fang Yuan was like a bug in front of a cat.


 “The earthly calamity formed! It is an ancient desolate beast calamity! This is an earthly calamity that only rank seven Gu Immortals encounter.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart snak.


 One name was echoing in Fairy Li Shan’s heart: “Icefall Divine Ape!”


 Fang Yuan’s expression was still as water, the icefall divine ape’s huge shadow was casted down, it had rank seven battle strength. If it had Immortal Gu in it, then it would be even harder to deal with, the battle situation would become much harder.


 Hei Lou Lan focused on balancing the three qi, Hei Cheng did not appear, while Fairy Li Shan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were hiding elsewhere, with this extremely dangerous situation, a ruthless light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes, he clapped his palms before him, using his killer move earlier than planned.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


 Fist qi burst out, grand and overwhelming, like an overflowing river, it was like a raging sea.


 In just a few breaths of time, over ten thousand of Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms appeared, surrounding his main body. They were in all directions around him, in the sky and on the ground, in the formation of a sphere.


 To prevent the likelihood of him having not enough time because of a fierce battle, Fang Yuan had activated the immortal killer move myriad self several times before going to northern plains.


 The strength path phantom army was stored in his own immortal aperture. The strength path phantoms could exist for a period of time, and because they were not living beings, they were not affected by the death energy in his immortal aperture.


 When Fang Yuan released a portion of them, his aura finally matched the ape’s.


 The icefall divine ape was ready to attack, it wanted to charge over, but seeing the grand strength path phantom army, it opened its mouth, showing its sharp fangs as its muscles contracted, it chose to wait and see.


 The snow and wind blew, Fang Yuan was expressionless, his body was still like a rock as he pointed at finger at the icefall divine ape.


 Immediately, the army moved and war cries filled the battlefield.


 Tens of thousands of strength path phantoms moved like a tide, they whipped up a storm as they charged towards the icefall divine ape.


 “Such might!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng watched with his heart pounding.


 This was not the first time he had seen the killer move myriad self, back in Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan had used it once to beat up the desolate beast swamp crab.


 But at that time, Fang Yuan only used one bead of green grape immortal essence to summon ten thousand phantoms.


 Right now, an army several times that size was attacking, as the army’s momentum rose, they had an imposing aura that could shake the world.


 The army pushed forward, towards the icefall divine ape, and then splitting into four along the way.


 One went left, one went right, one went up, and the last one charge ahead.


 The icefall divine ape’s wild nature was awakened, it charged ahead instead of retreating. Fang Yuan’s strength path phantom army moved according to his will fluidly, with his command, they spread out, like a huge web, encircling the icefall divine ape.


 “Kill! Kill! Kill!” Strength path phantoms roared, they were like ants attacking the icefall divine ape collectively.


 The icefall divine ape attacked left and right, it destroyed countless phantoms but could not break through Fang Yuan’s encirclement.


 “it really is such a formidable killer move in this world! Together with his master level attainment in enslavement path, no wonder Little Lan placed so much importance on him.” Seeing this, Fairy Li Shan was overjoyed.


 One after another, strength path phantoms flew out of the aperture. Fang Yuan had more than a hundred thousand troops in his immortal aperture, he only summoned eighty thousand now.


 Among these strength path phantoms, the most ordinary ones had two arms, some had four arms, or even six arms. The more arms they had, the stronger their battle strength.


 The icefall divine ape roared angrily, it battled fiercely, its huge body and monstrous strength, along with the icicles pointing outwards on its body, caused the strength path phantoms to suffer heavy injuries before dying.


 But only a portion of the scattered fist qi was expended, the rest would gather and form into strength path phantoms once again.


 Because of this, the reduction of the number of phantoms of Fang Yuan’s army was greatly slowed.


 During the process, the joyful will in Fang Yuan’s mind was used up intensely. Manipulating tens of thousands of troops, the expenditure of his joyful will was immense. In just a few dozen breaths, Fang Yuan had activated delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu nearly ten times.


 “Strange, this icefall divine ape has no Immortal Gu despite being an ancient desolate beast, in fact, it does not even have a single mortal Gu! Where did the earthly calamity find this oddity?”


 Fang Yuan could see the truth behind the icefall divine ape, it had no Immortal Gu, or even any mortal Gu, this ancient desolate beast’s threat was greatly lowered.


 “In that case, it is time to finish you off!” Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, the ruthless light in his eyes burst out as he entered the field directly, charging ahead.


 The light illusion bat wings on his back flickered several times, as Fang Yuan’s speed increased like he was a shooting star. It was quite a sight, with the explosive sounds along the way, he traveled a huge distance in a few breaths of time, descending like a demon god, right above the icefall divine ape.


 “Come, group strength support me!” Fang Yuan shouted excitedly in his heart.


 At once, the forty-five group strength Gu in his immortal aperture were activated at once.


 Group strength Gu had completely been incorporated into myriad self by Fang Yuan, once activated, it caused a new transformation in myriad self!


 Hundreds of strength path phantoms dispersed, their strength had collectively gathered in Fang Yuan under the might of group strength Gu.


 Fang Yuan raised one right arm, slamming down on icefall divine ape’s skull.


 With a loud bang.


 His entire forearm slammed on the divine ape’s skull mercilessly.


 The intense recoil caused Fang Yuan’s forearm to burst open, as his bones were shattered and his flesh and blood were reduced to dust.


 As for icefall divine ape’s skull, there was a huge hole in it. The crack in the hole spread at lightning speed, affecting the entire ape’s head.


 At the next moment, the icefall divine ape’s skull exploded!


 Seeing this, be it Fairy Li Shan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they were so shocked their eyeballs almost popped out.


 Even Fang Yuan was shocked: “What is going on? The entire ape head was destroyed? That shouldn’t be, this is an ancient desolate beast!”


 Killer move myriad self was completed by him alone, group strength Gu was added in by him as well, he was very clear of his own strength after group strength Gu was added. The most he could do was to cause the icefall divine ape’s skull to crack and bleed, but the entire head would not explode.


 “Be careful!” At this moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not help but show himself, shouting a warning.


 Fang Yuan turned around and looked, his pupils shrinking rapidly.


 Icefall divine ape’s huge fist had gotten close to Fang Yuan without him noticing anything, it slammed down at lightning speed, like a poisonous snake’s assault.


 Fang Yuan could not dodge it in time, he was hit directly by the huge fist!



***
Chapter 686


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom. Fang Yuan was sent flying like an insect, making a huge arc in the air before ruthlessly falling down on the hard ice surface.


 Rumble!


 Ice chunks scattered crazily, the force sent Fang Yuan flying like an artillery shell, he pierced through the ice layer and traveled for an enormous distance before finally stopping.


 Fang Yuan lay amidst the broken ice, seriously injured. Even with an immortal zombie body, he could not budge a bit. His whole body was like a torn sack, the dark green zombie blood flowing out from the innumerable wounds, bones were fractured with some piercing into skin and flesh while some jutted out of the body. Only three of the eight arms were remaining. One torn off arm was lying not far away from Fang Yuan.


 A long ice channel was created just now, cut open by Fang Yuan using his own body.


 “Cough cough...”


 Fang Yuan coughed for a while and stared with an incredulous gaze at the icefall divine ape, it was still standing upright despite losing its head.


 “What the hell is this?”


 According to common sense, even an ancient desolate beast would die if their head was smashed apart. But this icefall divine ape which had lost its head not only did not fall down, instead it struck Fang Yuan with a very heavy counterattack.


 Fang Yuan recalled that enormous punch, common sense would have stated that such an enormous force would have already produced a sonic boom. But it was unexpectedly noiseless during the whole process!


 This absolutely was not something the icefall divine ape should have been capable of accomplishing, because it did not have any Gu worms on it!


 Fang Yuan tried to move his body; the immortal zombie body shuddered but still lay down on the ice, its strength failing.


 However, Fang Yuan could sense his body was rapidly recovering.


 Zombies used death energy as life force. As long as they were not destroyed in an instant, the abundant death energy would provide them with astonishing recovery speed.


 “Fang Yuan!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly flew over and at the same time, pitch black rays of light shone out from his hand and fell on Fang Yuan’s body.


 These pitch black rays of light were carefully prepared for Fang Yuan by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and were not some ordinary healing Gu worms.


 Ordinary healing Gu worms would bring vitality and stimulate life force, but this was of no use to Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body.


 Fang Yuan needed to increase his death energy, the stronger the death energy, the faster his recovery speed would be. Thus, zombies were also known as ‘living dead’.


 With Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s help, Fang Yuan’s recovery speed surged violently.


 “Great.” Fang Yuan gave a horrifying smile. He soon recovered his movement ability and stood up from the ice surface.


 Boom. An astonishing change happened to the icefall divine ape, it unexpectedly self-detonated.


 After the detonation, a large group of pegasi were left in the icefall divine ape’s place.


 These pegasi were anything but ordinary, different from the two winged pegasi of the current era. They were larger than two winged pegasus by two to three times. On their backs were at least two pairs of wings, while some even had three pairs.


 These were ancient pegasus, the more wings they had, the stronger their battle strength. Four winged pegasi were at the level of beast emperors while six winged pegasi were desolate beasts!


 In the current five regions, the ancient pegasi were already extinct.


 Most of these pegasi were four winged pegasi while there were a few with six wings!


 The pegasus group neighed before colliding with Fang Yuan’s strength path phantom army.


 It was a massacre, Fang Yuan’s strength path phantom army was steadily losing ground, suffering heavy losses.


 “This is not a beast calamity! What in the world is this?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly flew to Fang Yuan’s side and looked at this scene with his eyes wide open.


 The ancient pegasi and strength path phantom army started slaughtering each other, creating a chaotic battle situation.


 Fang Yuan suffered great losses.


 It was because the strength path phantom had been in a loose formation to deal with the giant icefall divine ape. Now that the giant beast was changed to a united group of pegasi, the loose phantom army formation instead allowed the pegasus group to rampage unhindered. Despite the strength path phantoms’ coordination being exquisite, forming into many small battle groups, they still had more defeats than wins and suffered huge damage.


 However, there were no corpses in this slaughter.


 There was no need to speak of strength path phantoms which were condensed from fist qi. The crucial point was that the pegasus group had intangible bodies that turned into nothingness after they were killed.


 “Could it be....” Fang Yuan’s red eyes suddenly shone. He racked his brains, searching for the answer in his memories, before a thought hit him as he considered an elusive possibility.


 This possibility made him look towards Hei Lou Lan.


 However, Hei Lou Lan was covered in the enormous cocoon of three qi, which was so thick that he could not even see her shadow. As long as she was able to consume this three qi cocoon, her potential after becoming a Gu Immortal would be extremely deep and her future prospects would be filled with bright radiance.


 Fang Yuan turned around to look at the pegasus group. His eyes narrowed and a smile appeared on his face; he waved his hand towards the back, transmitting his voice to Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was rushing over: “Old Bai, step back and watch me.”


 He then showed his sharp teeth and charged forward.


 He pierced into the chaotic battle of the pegasus group and strength path phantom army.


 In an instant, it was like Fang Yuan had poked a hornet’s nest as countless ancient pegasi charged towards him. He activated hair armor and raised his arms, protecting his head.


 After he locked in on a target, Fang Yuan suddenly shouted and pounced towards an injured four winged Pegasus, forcibly smashing it down from the sky to the ground.


 Bang. Man and horse crashed heavily into the ground, the ice surface cracked, forming a deep pit.


 Fang Yuan’s whole body was filled with injuries, bones fractured in many places, skin was opened and flesh split. The recovered body was once again crushed into a miserable state.


 Who knew how many pegasi attacked him when he charged into the chaotic battle and smashed into the four winged pegasus.


 These pegasi naturally would not let him go. Large numbers of pegasi gathered into a white flood that fell down from the sky towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used all his strength to suppress the intensely struggling four winged pegasus under him, while the wills in his mind surged like boiling water, dissipating intensely.


 Two strength path phantom groups in the sky coordinated, and intercepted the diving pegasus group like a giant scissor.


 At the same time, large numbers of strength path phantoms surged out from Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture and formed a hemispherical formation above Fang Yuan, resisting the fierce offensive of the pegasus group without any regard for the losses.


 The four winged pegasus under Fang Yuan was anything but cute as it neighed and struggled with all its power. It had such high strength that even Fang Yuan, a strength path Gu Immortal with an immortal zombie body, was almost unable to contain it.


 Time was pressing, the opportunity could not be lost. Fang Yuan raised his fists high and smashed down ruthlessly, immediately bursting the pegasus’s head, however the headless Pegasus was still struggling as if the loss of its head had no affect.


 Fang Yuan then punched down with all his eight arms, bombarding the pegasus with heavy punches.


 The thick ice surface below them could not endure this punishment and started cracking.


 A normal four winged pegasus was equal to a beast emperor with rank five battle strength. Even if they had strong wild Gu worms, they would have turned into meat paste under Fang Yuan’s offensive.


 This strange four winged pegasus did not have any Gu worms on it and when Fang Yuan crushed it, it dissipated into thin air without leaving any hair, bone or even blood.


 The next moment, however, Fang Yuan’s narrowed eyes suddenly opened wide. Following the complete destruction of the four winged pegasus, a formless will rushed into his mind; his eyes revealed enormous shock and joy.


 He kneeled on the broken ice surface and ceased all movement, resembling a statue. Despite the fierce slaughter going on above him, he did not seem to notice anything, as if he was in a dream.


 “Fang Yuan!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely worried when he saw this, flying towards Fang Yuan.


 “Come back, don’t disturb him. This is a golden opportunity for him!” Fairy Li Shan, however, suddenly transmitted her voice.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng narrowed his eyes, immediately asking in anger: “It seems you know what this calamity is? Fairy Li Shan! We are allies, we came specially to protect Hei Lou Lan in crossing the tribulation. You actually were deceiving us! What are you up to?!”


 “This is not deceit, don’t forget the Snowy Mountain Alliance, if I had deceived you, I would have already died according to the oath! This was only speculation which I am now sure of.” Fairy Li Shan quickly explained.


 She had only hidden this crucial piece of information without mentioning it, it did not mean she was deceiving them.


 Even if they were allied, they could not just share all their secrets. Fang Yuan also would not do that.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s breathing sped up as he flew rapidly while irritatedly asking at the same time: “Then are you still not going to tell me now what the hell is this speculation?!”


 Fairy Li Shan let out a breath of turbid air and spoke quickly: “Tai Bai Yun Sheng, you also know the origins of this icy plain. Back then, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable fought a huge battle, destroying a part of northern plains, turning that area into void. To repair the void, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable turned into an immemorial ice phoenix, and breathed out extremely cold profound ice which froze this place, turning it into a large icy plain.”


 “Get to the point!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted.


 Fairy Li Shan understood Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s feelings and did not blame him, continuing with her explanation: “Everyone knows Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was a strength path Immortal Venerable, founder of the strength path and also of transformation path. Without exception, every rank nine venerable is a child of the Great Dao, the closest to the true essence of heaven and earth. Not only did laws follow their words, every action of theirs carried true meaning and even the movement of their gazes conveyed the profundities of nature. Even if they perish, their main killer move would be imprinted in heaven and earth, forming a kind of heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng involuntarily recalled the formless hands: “Yes, I know about this.”


 Fairy Li Shan continued: “Back then, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable turned into an ice phoenix and breathed profound ice to condense into the icy plain we are on now. Don’t forget the ice phoenix transformation is a transformation path killer move. As the creator of the icy plain, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable imprinted the true meaning of strength path and transformation path in the midst of this piece of heaven and earth. A piece of speculation was circulated among a few Gu Immortals, or more precisely a rumor. As long as a strength path or transformation path Gu Master ascends to Gu Immortal in this icy plain, it will cause a resonance of dao fragments, evoking the true meaning of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s strength path and transformation path.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook: “Then, then this means, isn’t this?!”


 “Right. the icefall divine ape was only a false appearance and the ancient pegasi were also the same; they were true meanings of strength path and transformation path, taking on the form of an earthly calamity! When someone completely shatters these external forms, the small true meaning contained within would break out and enter the body of their own accord! What is true meaning? It is the comprehension towards heaven and earth, Great Dao and law fragments. Fang Yuan destroyed a pegasus and obtained the true meaning within it. In other words, Fang Yuan is receiving teachings from Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!”


 Fairy Li Shan spoke shocking words and also revealed heavy envy.


 How huge was an opportunity to receive the teachings of a rank nine venerable!


 If one said the three qi converged to let the Gu Master comprehend heaven and earth and gain natural inspiration, then passing tribulation in this place and obtaining true meaning was to study under Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!



***
Chapter 687 - True Meaning Infusion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fairy Li Shan continued with a deeply moved tone: “Reportedly, the rumor of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true meaning came from the currently rank seven Domination Immortal Chu Du of northern plains. It is said that when he became a strength path Gu Immortal three hundred years ago, it was at this icy plain that he passed his tribulation. It is just that there have been limited numbers of Gu Immortals advancing over these recent years. And among these newly advanced Gu Immortals, there are few that are of transformation path and even fewer of strength path. Thus, this piece of speculation was very hard to prove.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng snorted but no longer hurried towards Fang Yuan.


 Although Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan deceived him and Fang Yuan, this was after all such an enormous benefit, thus Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s anger dissipated for the most part.


 He turned around and looked deeply at Hei Lou Lan. Hei Lou Lan was covered in the three qi cocoon and she was progressing smoothly. The qi cocoon’s volume was slowly shrinking methodically.


 ‘This woman has truly great ambitions, she is not satisfied with being a ten extreme physique immortal, she also wants to learn from Reckless Savage Demon Venerable. She is not afraid that her strength is lacking and she would die because of her greed. Speaking of which, this style of taking risks is actually similar to Fang Yuan’s, they are both lunatics!’ Tai Bai Yun Sheng heaved a sigh inwardly.


 “So it was indeed like this, they are the external forms of true meaning, ahahhaah!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly and slowly stood up from his kneeling position with his expression revealing his high spirits.


 He then gazed at the ancient pegasus group again, but the way he looked at them was different this time.


 His gaze was extremely heated, like a pervert that had his lust held back for several thousands of years, who then saw an absolutely beautiful woman. Or like a bandit whose greed would never be satisfied, seeing the world’s greatest treasury!


 “I have advanced to a strength path Gu Immortal but my strength path foundation was shallow and I could only reach quasi-grandmaster realm in strength path! It is extremely difficult to make one’s realm progress even a little, and needs a sufficient quantity of regular accumulation in order to initiate a qualitative transformation. But now, as long as I kill these true meaning external forms, I can rapidly raise my strength path realm, elevating it to genuine grandmaster realm!”


 Memories and experiences of five hundred years of bitter struggles made Fang Yuan extremely aware of the difficulty in progressing one’s realm.


 Realm represented the understanding of Great Dao! One’s strength path realm was a Gu Master’s understanding of the Dao of strength. Realm was generally divided into ordinary, quasi-master, master, quasi-grandmaster, grandmaster, quasi-great grandmaster, great grandmaster, quasi-supreme grandmaster and supreme grandmaster.


 Most Gu Masters would only have ordinary realm in their whole lives. Quasi-masters were geniuses or old, experienced Gu Masters.


 Masters were extremely rare! For instance, in the Imperial Court contest which was an assembly of heroes of the large northern plains, only Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had master level attainment in flying among those who reached Imperial Court blessed land. While in enslavement path, there were only Jiang Bao Ya, Yang Po Ying, Ma Zun, Chang Shan Yin (Fang Yuan) and Nu Er Tu, five masters over the entire contest!


 And speaking of refinement path supreme grandmasters, even throughout human history, there had only been three: Long Hair Ancestor, Old Eccentric Tian Nan and Old Immortal Kong Jue!


 Every advancement of a realm meant an astonishing upgrade in one’s battle strength!


 It was because higher realm meant deeper understanding of the law fragments in heaven and earth. It allowed Gu Masters to refine new, better Gu worms, create more killer moves and display greater dominance of their paths.


 Fang Yuan had the most understanding of blood path among all the major paths. In his previous life, he was an awe-inspiring blood path grandmaster!


 His battle strength was outstanding and he had created many new Gu worms of blood path, and these new Gu had even surpassed Blood Sea Ancestor’s in some aspects!


 He had also researched many blood path killer moves, and despite them being mortal killer moves, they had extraordinary power.


 Fang Yuan now had the immortal killer move myriad self, the representation of the convergence of enslavement and strength path, a unique killer move created from squeezing out all his potential, and with the help of natural inspiration and wisdom Gu.


 But even with such a killer move, when his battle strength was considered, it was not a match with his peak blood path attainment in his previous life.


 Fang Yuan could suppress his immortal killer move myriad self by just using his previous life’s blood path killer moves.


 He had even created, from initially nothing, some remnant recipes of completely new Immortal Gu with his grandmaster realm. Of course, the completion rates of these remnant recipes were rather low.


 This was the world of Gu, and more than that, it was the world of Gu Masters.


 Gu worms involved nurturing, use and refinement, and the bulk of these fundamentals relied upon Gu Masters.


 Generation after generation of Gu Masters brought forth new developments, constantly using their plentiful creative prowess to research new Gu worms and open new paths, which then created the extremely wondrous way of Gu which covered all aspects! Thus, heroes were able to emerge like stars in the sky over the boundless history of humans.


 Gu is the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living things!


 The famed people of the past had accomplishments as high as the mountains that the later generations would find hard to surpass. However, on the whole, the strength of the five regions was growing steadily and becoming much more profound, surpassing the eras of Immemorial, Olden Antiquity and so on.


 “Gu Masters nurture, use and refine Gu, getting down to the basics, it is a process of humans probing and studying nature, the world, and the Great Dao. Be it a xianxia world, a magic-based world, or a scientific world, they are all the same, they are all the exploration and study of nature and the world itself. It is only that the difference in the world’s laws make the exploration methods different.”


 Once can only learn if they explore continuously. Only by learning could they have accumulation. And only with accumulation could they transcend the world!


 “And in this world, the measurement of the stage-wise accomplishments of study of heaven and earth, and the Great Dao is the realm of every paths! Great Dao is a closed book, and for a Gu Master to study and explore heaven and earth, they have to use Gu worms to approach the Great Dao with different methods, they need to constantly summarize their comprehensions, need insights and require sufficient experience. However, right now I am obtaining true meaning infusion which is as if I am observing the world while standing on the shoulder of a giant! It is making Reckless Savage Demon Venerable open the pages of the closed book to the parts which I can understand and let me read it directly. This is a shortcut, an extremely rare fortuitous encounter! This will save me a great deal of time and immense effort!”


 Fang Yuan was more excited the more he thought of it.


 ‘Hei Lou Lan! You are a lunatic! You actually wanted to learn from Reckless Savage Demon Venerable while gaining natural inspiration, and obtaining the infusion of true meaning. Hmph, are you not afraid you can’t manage to comprehend them all and be thrown into confusion, even failing your immortal ascension! However... your greed, I like it a lot. This gift from you, I shall accept it all!’


 Fang Yuan shouted inwardly; with such heavy profits ahead of him, he decided to not leave behind even a little!


 Myriad self! Myriad self! Myriad self!


 He activated his immortal killer move nonstop; for the first time, he disregarded the costs as he activated it frantically!


 Countless strength path phantoms emerged, forming a huge army inside the immortal aperture, their scale several times larger than before.


 At the same time, large numbers of mortal Gu forming the immortal killer move perished, this was the backlash from heaven and earth, and also the consequences of Fang Yuan’s extreme rate of activation.


 However, Fang Yuan did not feel any heartache, everything was okay as long as the core, cleanse soul Immortal Gu, did not have any problems. He had made ample preparations for this trip and had brought large numbers of mortal Gu for replenishment and substitution.


 “Come!” Fang Yuan lifted his chest as countless strength path phantoms surged out from his immortal aperture.


 The strength path phantom army flooded the world, as if it could engulf mountains and rivers. The sparse battle strength just before was immediately replenished and soon surpassed the previous limit, reaching a new height.


 Large numbers, no, a sea of strength path phantoms filled the whole battlefield.


 “This... there are at least three hundred thousand!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng and even Fairy Li Shan was stupefied at this sight.


 The ancient pegasus group was firmly surrounded in the air by the strength path phantom army.


 The slaughter between the two sides had reached the climax.


 Fang Yuan walked leisurely on the ice surface below the ongoing aerial battle.


 Joyful will were created and rapidly expended in his mind. Under his command, the army coordinated to form different groups, and like giant hands, they pounced upon four winged pegasi without caring for losses.


 Next, dozens of strength path phantoms worked together to forcefully push the four winged pegasi down to the ice surface.


 Then, Fang Yuan would slowly walk over, raise his eight thick giant arms and shower down punches for the kill.


 Miserable neighing sounds filled the area as pegasi were shattered apart. True meaning rushed into Fang Yuan’s mind and the profundities of the Great Dao were rapidly absorbed. His movement stiffened for several breaths of time before recovering once again.


 Fang Yuan thus engaged in crazy slaughter of ancient pegasi.


 “Refreshing!” After another true meaning infusion, he excitedly roared, his gaze was so blood red that it was difficult to stare at it directly!


 The strength path realm which would have taken years and even dozens of years to raise, was rapidly advancing following the true meaning infusion.


 Fang Yuan felt incomparable pleasure and enjoyment.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was watching with a dumbstruck expression, Fang Yuan’s madness made him feel a chill from the depths of his heart. Even Fairy Li Shan could not help but be silent.


 After less than half of the pegasus group was destroyed, the earthly calamity transformed again. The pegasus group merged together to form thirty-three giant snakes.


 These giant snakes were as large as a house and had extremely powerful defense, covered with black armor and shields. When they fell on the ground, they immediately occupied terrain advantage.


 “Another transformation and this time to shield snake?” Fang Yuan laughed malevolently; he did not move, the strength path phantom army in the air had already shrouded over the snakes like dark clouds.


 By occupying the ground, these shield snakes only needed to defend the attacks from above unlike if they were flying in the air where they could be attacked from all directions.


 Fang Yuan’s slaughter immediately slowed down.


 It took a good while for the huge army to handle one shield snake.


 Fang Yuan laughed maniacally as he pounced down upon it.


 The shield snake was filled with injuries and before it could raise its head, it was bombarded by Fang Yuan’s eight arms. The enormous strength from the overlaying of forty-five group strength Gu directly destroyed the shield snake.


 An enormous true meaning that far surpassed the previous ones charged into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 The snake corpse that had lost its head suddenly dissipated, transforming into small snakes; in few moments, the place was filled with a sea of ferocious and slippery snakes.


 Fang Yuan was in the process of comprehending essence of Great Dao and could not budge, thus he fell in the sea of snakes.


 The snake sea attacked madly, quickly covering his enormous body.


 Fang Yuan’s comprehension this time was different from before. In the previous true meaning infusion, Fang Yuan felt like he had turned into a pegasus, living its life from birth to death, from young to old, running on the firm ground and soaring on the vast sky...


 He sensed the unique body structure of Pegasus, the use of various strengths and the ingenuity of using power.


 And now, he turned into a snake from breaking out of the egg to devouring all kinds of preys. He personally experienced the twisting snake body, the strength of its constriction, the muscle rhythm when it swallowed its food, the force application when its head moved like lightning to capture prey...


 Not only was it raising the strength path realm, but transformation path and even flying master attainment were advancing.


 These experiences extended and stepped on the maxim of strength path. These maxims covered extremely large information and were hard to describe using words. Because the wonders of Great Dao could not be put to words; words would be too simple, too dull, too shallow and simply not be able to portray its mysteries and wonders!



***
Chapter 688 - Second Battle With Hei Cheng (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fang Yuan!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shout could be heard loudly, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and woke up from within the sea of snakes.


 All around him, from head to toe, there were snakes. Countless snakes were coiling around him, trying to kill and devour him. If not for Fang Yuan’s hair armor protecting him, these small snakes might have drilled into his stomach already.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he was joyful instead of shocked!


 He stretched out eight huge arms, grabbing with his hands as he destroyed dozens of small snakes. Tens of gushed into his mind.


 His consciousness was blur for a moment, but recovered immediately.


 As he slowly adapted to it, and as his attainment level increased, the speed of him absorbing the became faster and faster.


 Addicted to killing, he withdrew the hair armor and opened his mouth, sucking.


 Immediately, countless small snakes crawled into his mouth.


 He opened his mouth to chew, his sharp fangs tearing the snake body into shreds, next he swallowed and the snake corpse vanished down his throat, disappearing from this world.


 Waves of filled his heart and mind unceasingly.


 Strength path , transformation path , all these turned into traces and were absorbed by him. At the same time, with trial and error, he became familiar with the new knowledge, it gave Fang Yuan a much deeper understanding in other territories. For example, his flying attainment.


 After Fang Yuan killed the third huge shield snake, his strength path attainment level went from quasi-grandmaster to grandmaster realm.


 Strength path grandmaster!


 That is to say, if given a bit more time, Fang Yuan would reach the level of blood path in his previous life! Because his blood path attainment level was also grandmaster realm.


 Right now, his mind was filled with countless thoughts and countless inspiration. His understanding of strength path had reached a whole new level, he could create many strength path Gu worms and many mortal killer moves that were related to strength path now.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied, he continued slaughtering.


 The earthly calamity failed after transforming into the icefall divine ape, the ancient pegasus, and the shield snake group. Now, there was a new transformation, it turned onto a group of rockmen.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the army, killing the rockmen, he trampled on their heads and swallowed their bodies, understanding the power of thickness.


 The earthly calamity turned into a bee group next, as Fang Yuan self-detonated his strength path phantoms continuously, learning the power of piercing.


 The earthly calamity transformed into the rhinoceros, as Fang Yuan killed them, he learned about the power of charging.


 As his strength path attainment continued to rise, after he stabilized his grandmaster realm, he started charging towards quasi-great grandmaster realm.


 Right at this moment, two bright rainbows, one black and one white, pierced the air and descended.


 “We finally found you!”


 “You were in the icy plains indeed.”


 As the rainbow faded, two people, Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi appeared.


 The strong enemies had appeared!


 “So many strength path phantoms, what is going on?” Xue Song Zi’s pupils shrunk, before they shone in a bright heated light: “Oh? This is... it seems the rumors were true, undergoing tribulation in the icy plains will possibly attract Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true meaning!”


 Hei Cheng’s eyes were eerily looking at the battlefield, next his gaze focused on the three colored qi cocoon.


 After such a long time, Hei Lou Lan had not finished absorbing the three qi yet, her human qi was simply too huge in quantity!


 “Hehehe, Hei Lou Lan, you guys have nowhere to run, why don’t you surrender.” Hei Cheng laughed heartily, he opened his right palm and revealed an Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu gave off an eerie blue light, it was a time path rank six Immortal Gu.


 The aura of the Immortal Gu was surging, it resonated with the two time path Immortal Gu in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s aperture, causing them to vibrate.


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression changed, she showed herself and stood in front of Hei Lou Lan, she spoke coldly: “Instant Pause?”


 This was the rank six time path Immortal Gu Instant Pause, it could freeze the time of the target for six moments, with this Gu around, Hei Cheng did not have to worry about Fang Yuan running away using Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Hei Cheng saw Fairy Li Shan and his gaze concentrated, he spoke with depe intent: “To think that the mastermind behind all this was Fairy Li Shan. Why are you sowing discord between us father and daughter? Oh I see, as expected, which Gu Immortal would not be interested in the yin-yang life extension method in my possession?”


 Saying so, Hei Cheng laughed sarcastically, he showed a mocking expression to Fairy Li Shan as he oozed with confidence.


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression was solemn, her voice became louder as it filled the skies: “Hei Cheng, you are destined to fail today. Don’t think of causing any harm to Little Lan, because the person stopping you will be me!”


 Saying so, Fairy Li Shan stopped hiding it, she revealed the grand aura of a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 At the same time, the surface of the ice broke, countless tree roots grew rapidly, they coiled around and moved like huge pythons.


 The trees grew quickly, it soon became a forested area. After a few breaths, pear blossoms grew, the smell of the flowers was fragrant and spread for several li.


 Fairy Li Shan stood under the tree, her body was shielded by the leaves and branches, vanishing.


 Meanwhile, Hei Lou Lan was still balancing the three qi, she was on top of the pear tree.


 Battlefield killer move — Pear Orchard!


 “To think that third leader’s cultivation level had reached rank seven secretly. Be careful Hei Cheng, third leader cultivates earth and woof path, she had set up this battlefield earlier, I am also a member of Snowy Mountain blessed land, I cannot battle Fairy Li Shan due to the alliance rules.” Xue Song Zi reminded.


 Usually when Fairy Li Shan showed up in northern plains, she always revealed rank six cultivation. Few knew about her true cultivation level.


 Hei Cheng’s expression was calm, his gaze shifted to Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fairy Li Shan for a moment, before turning back to Hei Lou Lan.


 “One immortal zombie, one rank six Gu Immortal, one rank seven Gu Immortal...” Hei Cheng muttered, he snorted coldly, saying to Xue Song Zi: “Go deal with that immortal zombie and the rank six Gu Immortal, after I kill Fairy Li Shan, we will take down Hei Lou Lan.”


 His tone was filled with decisiveness and confidence.


 Although Fairy Li Shan was rank seven, her battle strength should be at the lower tier of rank seven, it was quite far from Hei Cheng.


 “Okay!” Seeing that the toughest foe was going to be dealt with by Hei Cheng, Xue Song Zi agreed.


 He flew down, straight towards the earthly calamity.


 He was someone who had knowledge, he knew that the earthly calamity contained a Demon Venerable, true meaning, even if he was not a strength path or transformation path Gu Immortal, he wanted a share of it. Gu Immortals usually ventured into many paths so that they could assist their main path, who would be unhappy with a higher attainment?


 “You’re courting death!” Fang Yuan saw Xue Song Zi rushing here and shouted angrily, a ruthless light flashing in his eyes.


 “Merely a rank six immortal zombie, you dare to speak such words!” Xue Song Zi snorted in disdain, he rapidly got closer.


 In his first battle with Hei Cheng, Fang Yuan focused on retreating, to escape from the place. Thus, he did not reveal his true battle strength.


 Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi analyzed the situation, and assumed that Fang Yuan’s two movement Immortal Gu were lent to him by other Gu Immortals.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s strength path phantom army was fighting against the earthly calamity intensely.


 First, the earthly calamity was already half destroyed, second, wide range killer move were very common, third, most immortal zombie’s battle strength was lower than ordinary Gu Immortals, and finally, there was a rank six Gu Immortal and a rank seven Gu Immortal on Fang Yuan’s side, Xue Song Zi subconsciously underestimated Fang Yuan’s threat.


 Xue Song Zi’s speed was very fast, he was right above Fang Yuan in a moment’s time.


 “I’ll let you taste my power!” He growled, he pushed with his hands and used his killer moves.


 Drifting Snow! Ice Mountain Awl! Snow Sparrow Crisis!


 He used three killer moves at once, this showed Xue Song Zi extraordinary control over manipulating Gu worms.


 These three killer moves were all attack type killer moves. In an instant, intense winds blew as snow blew in the air, countless snowflakes gathered into birds, they moved fluidly in the intense wind and snow, with much spiritualism, there were thousands of them! Twenty to thirty icicles that were the size of mountains were covered in sharp spikes as they flew towards Fang Yuan, trying to pierce through his body.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, he waved his hand and the myriad army moved!


 Myriad self moved with courage, their shouts overwhelmed the heavens, everywhere the army went, ice mountains collapsed, snow sparrows cried, and the snow stopped.


 “Eh?!” Xue Song Zi’s expression changed, only after fighting did he realize the truly fearsome might of myriad self!


 Seeing that the myriad self army was coming for him, Xue Song Zi growled angrily as his hair stood up, traces and traces of frost energy shot out from them.


 In an instant, the frost energy spread quickly and formed an ice crystal domain in the air.


 Battlefield killer move — Snow Domain!


 “Towering pine tree, icy hair dragon stream!” Xue Song Zi growled, using two defensive killer moves at once.


 Immediately, pine trees grew in the snow domain, from nothingness, they grew, becoming large trees with high density, the branches tied the trees together, forming many thick walls of defense.


 As for his long snow white hair, they extended and gave off a dragon’s cry in the air. The long hair turned into dozens of dragon shaped ice, coiling around his body and forming a castle-like defense, with Xue Song Zi protected tightly in the most center.


 However, when myriad self army charged over, pine trees collapsed, and ice dragons shattered, the snow domain lasted for a moment before breaking apart.


 “An immortal killer move! Who in the world is this immortal zombie?” Xue Song Zi’s expression was pale, his eyes showed panic as he retreated quickly, even faster than when he came, he was in a pathetic state!


 At the same time, Hei Cheng and Fairy Li Shan had engaged in intense battle.


 The battle of the two had reached the climax right from the start.


 Hei Cheng used dark arrow Immortal Gu to its limits, shooting three dark arrows into the pear orchard, flying around and trying to locate Fairy Li Shan’s true hiding place.


 In the pear orchard, it was dense with vegetation, an pear blossoms fell from the trees. The roots were tangled together and growing, as hundreds of sunflower king lotus appeared.


 As the lotus opened, beams of burning light shot towards Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng’s body shuddered, dark liquid oozed out of his black robe, dying the area around him black. This was also a battlefield killer move, called dark veil.


 In the dark veil, black balls were shot out, pouring down like rain.


 The black balls slammed into the pear orchard, forming huge pitch black spirals. This was the killer move that Hei Lou Lan used in the imperial court contest — Dark Vortex.


 The dark vortex expanded, corroding the trees and flowers, causing huge holes to form in the pear orchard.


 Meanwhile, the heated beams of sunlight also tore open some areas of the dark veil.


 As the two continued to attack, the light beams fell in quantity while the number of dark vortexes increased, Hei Cheng quickly gained the upper hand.


 As expected of a famous rank seven Gu Immortal expert in northern plains!



***
Chapter 689 - Second Battle With Hei Cheng (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Found it.” Hei Cheng’s eyes shone brightly, he laughed sinisterly as he used his investigative killer move, finding out Fairy Li Shan’s figure in the pear orchard.


 He immediately used dark arrow Immortal Gu to its limit, as three dark arrows shot out into the air, towards its target.


 The pear orchard went into action, countless tree roots stretched out, moved and coiled around like dragons, they desperately blocked these three arrows.


 At the crucial moment, Fairy Li Shan was gritted her teeth, her eyes bright as a lamp.


 She shouted in her heart: “Earth flower lotus burial!”


 The ground exploded loudly, as a huge man eating flower appeared at lightning speed.


 The man eating flower opened its mouth, swallowing a dark arrow. Next, the entire man eating flower’s size shrunk, it was less than half of its original mass, but it could trap the dark arrow temporarily.


 Hei Cheng snorted, his gaze was shining as the swallowed dark arrow was trying to escape, forming a sharp pointed bulge in the man eating flower’s surface.


 But next, more man eating flowers appeared from the ground. The second man eating flower ate the first man eating flower, shrinking after that. The third man eating flower ate the second man eating flower. Repeating the process, after seventeen to eighteen man eating flowers were summoned, Hei Cheng’s connection to this dark arrow fell by at least thirty percent.


 Hei Cheng knew that this dark arrow could not escape in the short run, his attention was on his two remaining arrows.


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression was pale, she shouted lowly: “Fading heavenly flower.”


 A large number of pear blossoms flew, they were pure as white snow, they floating in the air and turned into light specks.


 The dark arrow’s speed was fast, but the great number of light specks were all over the sky, during the process of the arrow’s flight, it was stained.


 Hot sparks developed on the dark arrow which was covered in light specks, white spots appeared on the dark arrow, causing its speed and power to fall.


 Hei Cheng snorted, he knew the other party was well prepared. He was openly being targeted by his enemies in the dark, everyone knew about this Immortal Gu Dark Arrow, thus his attack was countered.


 But he was not to be trifled with, even though he did not develop an immortal killer move using dark arrow Immortal Gu as the core Gu, he had been trying and had obtained several mortal killer moves that could cause changes to the dark arrows.


 Hei Cheng stared with his eyes, using a set of mortal Gu in his immortal aperture. The two dark arrows changed directions, meeting in the air and fusing, becoming one again.


 After fusing, the dark arrow was darker without a single light speck, it regained its former speed and power.


 The dark arrow shot like lightning, stabbing into a huge trunk in pear orchard.


 In Hei Cheng’s field of vision, Fairy Li Shan was hiding in this tree trunk.


 But at the next moment, Fairy Li Shan voice came from the other side: “You fell for it, Hei Cheng. Tree flower sheds tears!”


 A bright flower bloomed in the tree trunk, as thick nectar oozed out from the center of the flower, it was extremely fragrant.


 Dark arrow hit an wooden puppet that resembled Fairy Li Shan, the nectar spread and covered this dark arrow completely.


 Thereafter, the nectar solidified, becoming like amber as it sealed the dark arrow inside.


 “Hei Cheng, today, you will definitely fail!” Fairy Li Shan’s body was on top of a tree crown, although she was pale and perspiring profusely, her eyes were bright and her aura was strong.


 Hei Cheng’s great strength was highly attributed to the dark arrow Immortal Gu.


 This was an attack type Immortal Gu, Fairy Li Shan only had a mountain pledge Gu, she could not face it head on. She could only exert her methods and use three mortal killer moves to seal the dark arrows.


 After the dark arrows were sealed, Hei Cheng lost his strongest means of attacking.


 “Really? You think that’s all I have?” Hei Cheng stood in the dark veil, looking down at Fairy Li Shan as he showed a mocking smile towards Fairy Li Shan.


 Under Fairy Li Shan’s supervision, he stretched out his arm, opening his palm and revealing a black pearl.


 This black pearl was about the size of a rice bowl, it was black and shiny, like a black crystal. On the surface of this translucent pearl, one could see a boar shaped animal sleeping inside.


 Fairy Li Shan saw this pearl and her eyes immediately enlarged, she showed a shocked and scared expression: “This is Dark Prison?”


 Hei Cheng nodded slightly: “That’s right, this is my Hei tribe’s rank six Immortal Gu House — Dark Prison.”


 His voice was monotone, but it contained a feeling of pride.


 Hei Cheng was not Hei tribe’s supreme first elder, but to ensure that this trip had no accidents, he paid a huge price and borrow this item from Hei tribe’s supreme first elder.


 “This is bad...” Fairy Li Shan’s heart sank to rock bottom. Dark prison was a beast stable, trapped inside was the ancient desolate beast sharp tusk boar. If it was summoned, Fairy Li Shan would be in deep trouble.


 Be it pear orchard, earth flower lotus burial, fading heavenly flower, or tree flower sheds tears, these were all mortal killer move. In order to deal with Hei Cheng’s dark arrow Immortal Gu, Fairy Li Shan had thought through it carefully and devised three killer moves that could temporarily seal the dark arrows.


 But because of this, her mind was worn out and her head was hurting. Although she had the pear orchard battlefield, she had fallen into a disadvantage against Hei Cheng’s dark veil, she could only hang on and pray that Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation would finish soon, to come over and assist her.


 However, sharp tusk boar was an ancient desolate beast, destroying the pear orchard was as easy as stomping on a garden. Once pear orchard was destroyed, the three ‘flower moves’ that relied on pear orchard would weaknen greatly, the dark arrows would escape.


 “If that happens, all the effort I put in earlier would go to waste!” Fairy Li Shan gritted her teeth, but right at this moment, she heard a warning from Tai Bai Yun Sheng — be careful!


 Of what?


 Fairy Li Shan looked back, seeing that a dark arrow had secretly flew over, it was thirty centimeters away from her.


 “What? But I made arrangements around here...” Fairy Li Shan was shocked, but it was too late.


 The dark arrow flew over, piercing into her forehead, through her skull, and coming out of the back of her head.


 “Little aunt!” Hei Lou Lan screamed, she had finally digested all three qi and had recovered her mobility. But the moment she opened her eyes, she saw that the relative that had always taken good care of her was killed by a dark arrow piercing her skull, dying a terrible death.


 “It’s over.” Hei Cheng kept the ball shaped Dark Prison.


 Fairy Li Shan had only seal two dark arrows, when the two arrows combined earlier, Hei Cheng had secretly shot out a third dark arrow. Using the Dark Prison to attract Fairy Li Shan’s attention, he secretly utilized several mortal killer moves, together with dark arrow, he took down all of the defenses around Fairy Li Shan.


 However, at the next moment!


 A flash of light shot over, as Fairy Li Shan returned to the state a moment ago, her injuries were gone and her skull was intact.


 Immortal Gu Man as Before!


 Far away, Tai Bai Yun Sheng breathed roughly as he said: “So close, I almost failed to make it!”


 Hei Cheng’s pupils shrunk, his anger was rising.


 He was not furious that Tai Bai Yun Sheng had ruined his battle result, but he was angry at Xue Song Zi for not doing his best! They had agreed that he would kill Fairy Li Shan while Xue Song Zi would kill Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the immortal zombie who was Fang Yuan.


 But the result was?


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could interfere in his battle!


 “Xue Song Zi...” Hei Cheng gritted his teeth, he looked at the battlefield far away.


 But what Hei Cheng saw was, Xue Song Zi’s robe was tattered, he was escaping with an expression of fear. His long hair had become much shorter, he was almost bald.


 His face was bruised, a part of it was swollen and his body was covered in blood, one of his arm was hanging on his body, the bone had fractured.


 Hei Cheng’s pupils could not help but contract.


 Xue Song Zi had healing Gu in his possession. For Gu Immortals, a fracture was not a heavy injury.


 But the point was, the opponent gave Xue Song Zi absolutely no time to heal his fracture!


 This... exactly how strong was the enemy?


 As if answering his question, the strength path phantom army numbering over two hundred thousand shouted and caused a tremor in heaven and earth.


 They were a huge mob, even thicker than the tribulation cloud in the sky, chasing after Xue Song Zi alone.


 This was simply bullying!


 Even this rank seven Gu Immortal Hei Cheng frowned deeply: “What is going on? Why have these strength path phantoms not been destroyed yet, in fact, even more are appearing?”


 After that, he saw that half the phantom army was charging towards him.


 Hei Cheng snorted coldly, he willed and several mortal killer moves were activated together.


 Thousand Demon Rampage! Dark Fire! Black Wind Break!


 “Kill!” The myriad self army charged.


 In several breaths of time, the demons were crying, the dark fire dimmed, and the black winds dissipated.


 Hei Cheng who had always been confident and relaxed finally changed his expression: “This power... this is an immortal killer move! This immortal zombie that looks inconspicuous has the highest battle strength?”


 The myriad self army pressed forth, charging into Hei Cheng’s dark veil battlefield fearlessly.


 The pitch black battlefield that occupied half the sky was quickly smashed and taken down, it resembled the clothing of a beggar, extremely tattered.


 Hei Cheng’s eyes twitched, he had to retreat!


 He was handsome and elegant, even when he retreated, he still kept his cool, his arms were like butterflies fluttering in the sky, activating mortal killer moves one after another.


 But this could not stop the advancement of the myriad self army.


 Just like a humongous tide, no matter how powerful his mortal killer moves were, they were like rocks in front of a tsunami, or weak little fish, they were all swept away and devoured mercilessly!


 Hei Cheng squinted his eyes, his expression turned grim.


 He finally understood how Xue Song Zi felt, facing the myriad self army, he was a great rank seven Gu Immortal, a famous expert in northern plains, but now he felt a sense of helplessness and weakness.


 The army had formed into an overwhelming size, it was unstoppable!


 “This immortal killer move... even if I use Dark Prison and release the sharp tusk boar, I will not be its match!” Hei Cheng retreated under the pressure of the army.


 Under this situation, if Hei Cheng wanted to turn the situation around, he would need to kill Fang Yuan’s main body using dark arrows. But two dark arrows were already trapped by Fairy Li Shan, the remaining one could do nothing to Fang Yuan who had Immortal Gu Worldly Wave Trace.


 “This lunatic, how many beads of immortal essence did he use?!” Hei Cheng cursed in his heart, his eyes were fixed on Fang Yuan who was on the ground.


 Fang Yuan absorbed another trace of the Demon Venerable intent, sensing Hei Cheng’s dangerous gaze, he looked back and gave Hei Cheng a smile of disdain.


 At the same time, a large portion of the army charged towards Hei Cheng.


 “This fellow!” Hei Cheng finally showed a trace of nervousness. Being pincer attacked by two armies, he could only dodge in the sky. Even after he used countless mortal killer moves, he could only halt the army’s advancement slightly.


 At this moment, the situation had become — two Gu Immortals were being chased down by Fang Yuan alone.


 “Good job junior brother!”


 Fairy Li Shan stood on the tree crown, seeing this, her expression froze slightly. She did not expect the situation to become like this.


 Over at Fang Yuan’s side, he had finally destroyed the earthly calamity and obtained all of the true meaning infusion. His strength path attainment was still grandmaster realm, it did not break through again. But his transformation path attainment rose to become a transformation master. As for his flying attainment, it also grew significantly, he broke through master level and reached quasi-grandmaster realm.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied, he said to Hei Lou Lan: “Quickly, don’t you have small family qi Gu, release all of the collected earth qi, we might attract more earthly calamity!”


 Everyone heard this and were speechless.


 Hei Lou Lan rolled her eyes, after the infusion of the three qi, the essence of her life had been elevated, she had transcended mortals and became a Gu Immortal. Her body was purified in all aspects, even the heavy injury in her eye sockets had healed completely.


 “I have to keep these small family qi Gu to refine Immortal Gu. Time is limited, let’s retreat!” Hei Lou Lan rejected Fang Yuan’s suggestion and shouted.


 Fang Yuan licked his lips, unsatisfied. But since she did not agree, there was nothing he could do.


 Everyone gathered and entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan looked at the icy plain battlefield longingly, using Fixed Immortal Travel at long last.


 Three breaths later, he vanished, returning to Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 “We’re letting him leave?” Xue Song Zi and Hei Cheng gathered.


 Hei Cheng’s brows rose, he said coldly: “Even if I have Instant Pause, can you break through the defense of these strength path phantoms?”


 Xue Song Zi looked at the remaining myriad self army in the battlefield and was unable to say a word.



***
Chapter 690


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the quiet room at the third branch peak of Snowy Mountain.


 It was fine weather outside. Clear blue sky, refreshing air and tall white snowy mountains combined to form a tranquil and boundless view.


 The fragrance of tea filled the quiet room.


 Fang Yuan was gasping as he lay down with his body full of injuries; thin streams of zombie blood flowed out from the wounds and accumulated on the ground.


 However, he did not care and also did not feel any pain. Seven minutes had gone by already since he had closed his eyes to rest.


 Besides him, there were three others in the quiet room.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was standing next to Fang Yuan, quickly moving his hands, emitting rays of black light that were healing Fang Yuan’s injuries.


 Fairy Li Shan was sitting at her old spot beside the window, absent-mindedly brewing tea, while most of her attention was focused on Hei Lou Lan who was beside her.


 Hei Lou Lan was sitting cross-legged with her eyes closed, her face looked solemn and respectful like a jade statue.


 There were three steps in immortal ascension: shattering the aperture, receiving qi and releasing Gu. She had completed the first two steps when undergoing tribulation in the icy plain. And after returning to the quiet room using Fixed Immortal Travel, she had started the third step.


 With her foundation, the creation of her immortal aperture was a settled matter. Right now, she was probably refining Immortal Gu in her immortal aperture and resisting the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity formed in there.


 By the looks of it, she was going to complete this step alone and did not want an outsider’s help.


 However, if there was any problem, Hei Lou Lan would immediately ask for help; Fang Yuan, Fairy Li Shan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng would have to quickly enter Hei Lou Lan’s immortal aperture and resist the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 By the time the tea was boiling and gurgling, Hei Lou Lan let out a breath of turbid air and slowly opened her eyes.


 This movement immediately attracted the other three’s gazes.


 Fairy Li Shan stopped brewing and placed the teapot down in a hurry, asking in concern: “Success?”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded.


 Fairy Li Shan took a deep breath, her eyes reddened as she spoke in a choked voice filled with excitement and relief: “Little Lan, you have the Great Strength True Martial Physique and now have succeeded in becoming an immortal, you possess a super grade blessed land and have extraordinary potential. Truly, after a dark cloud comes a clear sky, if sister knew of this in the afterlife, she would certainly be happy!”


 When an ordinary Gu Master advanced to Gu Immortal, their blessed land could be classified into one of three grades: high, middle or low.


 When one of the ten extreme physiques advanced to Gu Immortal, they would be taking an enormous risk and naturally would have bigger gains. If their immortal ascension succeeded, their blessed land would be a super grade blessed land!


 High grade blessed lands were formed with a size of 4700km2 to 6000km2, drew in a large tributary of the river of time and created over thirty beads of immortal essence. There would be plenty of heaven and earth qi remaining which could mutually interact and refine the vital Gu and core Gu into Immortal Gu.


 Super grade blessed lands were even larger with a territory of over 6700 km2. The tributary of the river of time it drew in would be gigantic and the amount of green grape immortal essence created would surpass fifty beads! If there was nothing unexpected, it could create at least two Immortal Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan appeared tranquil: “I have succeeded in advancing to Gu Immortal but have yet to kill that old scumbag.”


 Her indifferent tone contained a deep and piercing hatred.


 “Hei Lou Lan, I hate to be blunt but the chances of killing Hei Cheng with only the four of us, even if he is alone, are rather low.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng coughed, and said.


 “Right, defeating a Gu Immortal is easy but killing is another thing altogether.” Fang Yuan heaved a deep sigh as he stood up, the injuries on his body had essentially healed.


 Previously, in his battle with Gu Immortal Plump Lady in western desert, he had obtained superiority but Plump Lady had still escaped.


 This time, he battled Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi, his phantom army had taken the lead and were able to wreak havoc, but they couldn’t trap the two Gu Immortals and could only let them retreat safely.


 Myriad self was strong but there was nothing to be done about it if the enemy did not engage you head-on.


 Gu Immortals were smart and knew to avoid the enemy’s strong points. In truth, Fang Yuan’s second battle with Hei Cheng could only be considered a draw.


 It was true that Fang Yuan had the upper hand, but it was hard to maintain this dominance for long; if the time was stretched on, the strength path phantoms would dissipate and it would then be Hei Cheng’s turn to counterattack.


 This immortal killer move indeed could build up to a big advantage, but not to the extent of being at complete dominance against Hei Cheng.


 Thus, when Hei Lou Lan said to retreat, Fang Yuan did not oppose. He stopped at the right time and activated Fixed Immortal Travel, bringing them back here.


 Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan and gave a slight smile: “To be able to succeed this time in resisting the enemy and allowing me to pass the tribulation is thanks to your strength.”


 “Since we are allies, we naturally need to help each other out.” A sharp light flashed through Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 He helped Hei Lou Lan this time, and when Immortal Crane Sect attacks Hu Immortal blessed land later, they would also have to help Fang Yuan according to the alliance agreement.


 It involved reciprocity in mutual benefits for both sides.


 “According to the previous agreement, here is small family qi Gu’s recipe. Also, of the thirty immortal essence stones I lent, you only need to return half.” Fairy Li Shan spoke.


 She by now had a hint of Fang Yuan’s nature, only tangible benefits matched his tastes.


 Fang Yuan accepted the recipe for small family qi Gu, then sighed: “In this battle, I won and also lost, consuming over sixty green grape immortal essence. The fifteen immortal essence stones I owe you, I am afraid it might take some time for me to return them.”


 Fairy Li Shan was in a good mood because of Hei Lou Lan’s success in advancing, she immediately stated: “No need to hurry, whenever your circumstances are better, you can return them to me and I also won’t collect any interest on them. Also, didn’t you ask us about wisdom path inheritances?”


 “Could it be that you have some clues?” Fang Yuan was pleasantly surprised.


 Fairy Li Shan slowly said: “There is a clue. You are also aware of northern plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s death some months ago. He left behind an intact wisdom path inheritance for his successor, Dong Fang Yu Liang, but Dong Fang Yu Liang is only a mortal and it will be hard for him to preserve a Gu Immortal inheritance, especially when this inheritance is a wisdom path inheritance.”


 “According to the tip-off, Dong Fang Chang Fan has placed this wisdom path inheritance in a hidden place and even Dong Fang tribe’s other Gu Immortals don’t know about its exact position. Only Dong Fang Yu Liang holds the key clue.”


 Even though just before his death, Dong Fang Chang Fan had formed a non-aggression pact with Huang Jin tribes and other super forces.


 However, he had not formed an agreement with demonic path Gu Immortals. His capability had not reached the point where it could sweep through both righteous and demonic.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance had already attracted the covetous gazes of many demonic path Gu Immortals. Even Dong Fang tribe’s other Gu Immortals had some thoughts on it.


 Thus, Dong Fang Chang Fan made these arrangements, completely hiding his wisdom path inheritance and leaving it to only his approved successor – Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 Fang Yuan was forced to think: ‘I have the wisdom path Immortal Gu Delight in Water and Mountain, but my use of it is crude at best and I am unable to display the essence of wisdom path. Treasure yellow heaven has wisdom path Gu worms on sale, but a complete wisdom path inheritance would never be on sale. Wisdom path Gu worms are easy to obtain while wisdom path inheritances are rather hard to get. If I can obtain this complete wisdom path inheritance, I believe I will be able to use fewer wills and thoughts to deduce more items.’


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was the number one Gu Immortal of wisdom path in northern plains while he was alive. His inheritance would naturally arouse Fang Yuan’s interest.


 But lying in front of Fang Yuan was a super force, the colossus Dong Fang tribe.


 Dong Fang tribe had lost Dong Fang Chang Fan, but it still had several Gu Immortals to maintain the situation. On the contrary, Fang Yuan had just been in an intense battle with Hei Cheng and spent most of his green grape immortal essence, it was not possible for him to display the same mighty presence of the myriad self army in a short while.


 “Right now, many demonic path Gu Immortals have already allied in secret to conspire for Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance. Back when Dong Fang Chang Fan was alive, both the righteous and demonic path of northern plains suffered losses from him, many were schemed against and suffered setbacks under his hands. Reportedly, his successor Dong Fang Yu Liang has talents and aptitude as strong as Dong Fang Chang Fan’s. Most of northern plains’ Gu Immortals are not willing to see a second Dong Fang Chang Fan.” Fairy Li Shan continued.


 “Several months ago, some demonic path Gu Immortals already sought me out to use my mountain pledge Gu to reach a temporary alliance in their scheme for the wisdom path inheritance. But I had already made an alliance agreement with Dong Fang Chang Fan by then and could not make any moves against Dong Fang tribe. Fang Yuan, if you want, I can act as go-between and let you join this alliance. They would have a lot more detailed information and will be of great help to you when you contend for the inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan did not refuse but also did not immediately agree: “I need some time to consider.”


 “There is no hurry.” Hei Lou Lan said, “Right now, the biggest news in northern plains is the matter of Qin Bai Sheng capturing Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, holding the essence of the luck path true inheritance. This matter has already caused a commotion among most of the Gu Immortals of northern plains, even those rank eight old monsters are said to have come out of their seclusions.”


 Hei Lou Lan revealed a ridiculing expression: “Hehe, Qin Bai Sheng is a rank seven Gu Immortal, an expert among lone cultivators, having overpowering metal path battle strength and even being somewhat stronger than that old scoundrel Hei Cheng, but this luck path true inheritance is a thorny matter, almost all of northern plains’ Gu Immortals are looking to deal with him. Right now, Gu Immortals from all around are rushing over, while Qin Bai Sheng is a lone force and even though he occupies a blessed land, there will be countless difficulties for him in resisting these assaults, his life will certainly be quite hard.”


 A cold light vaguely flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes before he muttered: “We are the survivors of the wind veil of assimilation. Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were also involved in the event! Although they escaped early, they know about us and are barriers for us to move freely in northern plains.”


 Since the destruction of Imperial Court blessed land and the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, formless hands had carried many Immortal Gu to all parts of northern plains, causing chaos, commotion and frequent battles in the world of northern plains’ Gu Immortals.


 Afterwards, when most of the escaped wild Immortal Gu had been captured, the situation had calmed somewhat.


 Now, however, the news of Qin Bai Sheng capturing Ma and Zhao caused undercurrents revolving around Qin Bai Sheng to surge in northern plains and the luck path true inheritance slowly formed tiny waves. As time passed, these tiny waves would definitely evolve into a huge storm that would engulf the whole of northern plains.


 Fang Yuan, compared to other Gu Immortals, had much more reason to be involved in this.


 However, his current strength appeared rather weak in front of such an enormous storm.


 Without speaking any further, Fang Yuan took his leave and returned to Hu Immortal blessed land alone.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng remained here to heal Hei Lou Lan. Hei Lou Lan had passed the tribulation of her Immortal Gu, her immortal aperture was in ruins and required Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Landscape as Before.



***
Chapter 691 - Quartet Sparrow Battle Tactic


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hei tribe, Iron Eagle blessed land.


 This was Hei tribe’s base camp, the blessed land was huge and extensive, it was small at the bottom and large at the top.


 Because of Hei tribe’s first generation ancestor’s unique specialties, Iron Eagle blessed land had little land, but the higher up in the air one went, the larger the space.


 A sky that greatly exceeded that of ordinary blessed lands had countless circular wooden eagle nests floating in it.


 These eagle nests were like small hills, innumerable iron eagles rested in them. The cries of eagles resounded endlessly, when a group of eagles flew, vast numbers of them traveled in formation, it was a spectacular view.


 At the highest part of this blessed land, there was a garden.


 The garden’s artificial mountain had a pavilion on it.


 In the pavilion, four supreme elders of Hei tribe were sitting around a square stone table, they had differing expressions.


 First supreme elder had a solemn expression, second supreme elder was shutting his eyes and resting, third supreme elder was thinking with a troubled expression, fourth supreme elder’s face was full of sweat.


 The atmosphere was heavy, it was like the calm before the storm.


 “My dear lord third elder, how long are you going to continue thinking?” Fourth supreme elder urged with an impatient tone.


 “Rush, rush, rush, you only know how to rush me, don’t you know this is a crucial moment? At this point, if I make the wrong move, my dozens of years of hard work would go down the drain!” Third supreme elder yapped away, his emotions becoming even more agitated.


 He looked at first supreme elder in front of him, before looking at second supreme elder to the left, both of them had unchanging expressions, third supreme elder could not discern anything from their faces and the pressure in his heart intensified.


 Right at this time, a figure slowly rose from below, quickly approaching this pavilion.


 Hei tribe’s second supreme elder opened a slit in each of his eyes, saying slowly: “Oh, Hei Cheng is back.”


 Hei Cheng entered the pavilion and paid respects to the four supreme elders.


 These four supreme elders had deeper foundations than him in both status and cultivation. But with regards to battle strength, it was unknown until they fought seriously.


 But within the tribe, Gu Immortal would spar at most, how could they fight seriously?


 Furthermore, in righteous path forces, other than central continent’s sect system, the other four regions looked at bloodline and seniority within their clans and tribes, even if Hei Cheng had higher battle strength, he would still need to respect them as a junior when he sees these four supreme elders.


 “First elder, this is Dark Prison, I am returning it now.” Hei Cheng took out the rank six Immortal Gu House and returned it to first supreme elder after paying respects to them.


 First supreme elder took the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, exclaiming: “You did not use Dark Prison, it seems your operation was very successful?”


 Saying this, first supreme elder’s gaze was still fixed on the stone table, he was only asking Hei Cheng casually.


 Hei Cheng laughed: “It was very fortunate, this time the trip was smooth sailing, we have successfully suppressed Qiao tribe.”


 Qiao tribe was a large sized tribe, because all of Hei tribe’s members inside Imperial Court blessed land had perished, Qiao tribe which was under them had become tempted to try and leave their control.


 “Hmph, Qiao tribe’s Gu Immortal, Qiao Dong, became an immortal due to my guidance back then. It has only been a few decades, his loyalty has wavered?” Second supreme elder said plainly.


 “Therefore, this time, I struck and taught that Qiao Dong a lesson. Within five years, there should be no issues.” Hei Cheng laughed calmly.


 The suppression of Qiao tribe was an excuse HeI Cheng had prepared long ago.


 Hei Cheng wanted to deal with his own daughter, Hei Lou Lan, this was not a righteous thing to do, he could only do it secretly.


 He had planned to use Dark Prison to suppress Hei Lou Lan, preventing her from self-detonating. But he could not directly say this to the first supreme elder. Thus, he used Qiao tribe as an excuse, saying: In order to prevent any accidents when suppressing Qiao tribe, he borrowed Dark Prison.


 “Five years?” Second supreme elder chuckled, shaking his head: “Northern plains is in a complete mess now, True Yang Building collapsed, the culprit has not been found. Wild Immortal Gu have been appearing constantly, all the different forces are fighting intensely. Especially now, Qin Bai Sheng’s incident is becoming more heated, this involves Giant Sun’s inheritance, even those rank eight old fossils are getting ready to strike.”


 Fourth supreme elder sighed: “True Yang Building collapsed, Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed as well, the Imperial Court contest has lost its meaning. What do we do from now on? All of the Huang Jin tribes, what procedures will they follow, we have no idea!”


 Hei Cheng understood their intentions after hearing this, he lowered his head: “Junior understands, I will be more strict in handling the tribes, especially Qiao tribe, Huo tribe, and Zhuo tribe, these three vassals.”


 “That’s right, this time, the entirety of Hei tribe died inside Imperial Court blessed land. There cannot be no display of Hei tribe in northern plains, Hei Cheng, go out into the blessed land and pick carefully, bring a portion of the tribesmen out and rebuild Hei tribe in northern plains.” Third supreme elder thought about his tough problem as he gave his view on this matter.


 “Yes, don’t worry third elder. I have already started preparing. In half a month, northern plains’ Hei tribe will be rebuilt.” Hei Cheng answered.


 “Alright, alright, let Hei Cheng handle the matters of the mortal tribe affairs, we have no worries. Third supreme elder, if you have the time to care about this, why don’t you decide on the problem ahead. What tile are you playing?” Fourth supreme elder urged.


 Third supreme elder’s gaze flickered, he was very hesitant, but he finally gritted his teeth and made up his mind, playing a tile.


 At the same time, he called out: “Three tiao!”


 Immediately, all the other elders had differing expressions.


 First supreme elder could not stay serious anymore, he laughed loudly, flipping over his tiles: “Haha, I won!”


 “Argh!” Third supreme elder patted his leg with much force, he grabbed his snow white beard as he sighed: “If I knew, I would not have played three tiao, but six wan instead!”


 After hearing this, second supreme elder stared with his eyes wide open, he turned over his own tiles, saying to supreme third elder: “Then play six wan, my set could’ve won with either four wan or six wan.”


 “Alright, enough, stop arguing. Quickly make the deal, I’m waiting to recoup my losses!” Fourth supreme elder said impatiently.


 “Here, this is the Gu recipe that I researched after spending thirty years.” Third supreme elder admitted his loss, he slammed one east window Gu on the table in front of first supreme elder.


 First supreme elder took the east window Gu: “Alright, let’s go to the next round. Same rules, we are not to use any Gu worms to cheat. We will state the wager first, I have two immortal essence stones.”


 “Ancient Gu recipe of crescent moon Gu.”


 “Twenty pieces of grey heart rock.”


 “A group of dragon eye fish, there is a fish emperor included.”


 Swish swish swish...


 Eight arms swept around the stone table, shuffling the tiles.


 Hei Cheng was silently standing at the side, he was very used to these four Hei tribe supreme elders’ gambling habits.


 The game they were playing was called quartet sparrow battle tactic, it was invented by a mortal genius back in earlier years of Hei tribe, mainly to bootlick the first supreme elder.


 After first supreme elder obtained it, he had been playing it daily with the other three supreme elders, competing and engaging in ‘battle’. Hei tribe’s external affairs were almost all handled by Hei Cheng.


 “Then, elders, junior will take his leave.” Hei Cheng said.


 “Go, go.” The supreme elders waved their hands, they had started assembling their hand tiles as they replied to him halfheartedly.


 A group of iron eagles flew outside the pavilion, they were screeching as suddenly, the eagle group spread and three desolate eagles appeared, with battle strength equivalent to rank six. One was a dragon eagle with a powerful aura, while the other two were iron crown eagles, having great spirit.


 “Shoo, shoo.” Third supreme elder waved his sleeves unhappily: “So noisy.”


 “Hehehe.” First supreme elder had a kind and merciful smile, he waved his sleeves and a lot of food was sprinkled in the air.


 The eagle group made happy cries, fighting for the food in the air.


 Hei Cheng left Iron Eagle blessed land, flying towards the southwest direction, after flying for several minutes, he met Xue Song Zi.


 Xue Song Zi had rested sufficiently, he no longer looked as pathetic as before, but he sighed when he saw Hei Cheng: “The situation has become troublesome. I just obtained some information, do you know which force has control of fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu?”


 Hei Cheng replied: “You want to say, Immortal Crane Sect of central continent’s ten ancient sects?”


 “You already knew? When?” Xue Song Zi was slightly unhappy.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted coldly: “Not too long ago. Earlier, Dong Fang Chang Fan deduced that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s matter was related to central continent. Now, Hei Lou Lan has a mysterious immortal zombie around her that controls Fixed Immortal Travel. They are likely the same batch of people!”


 Xue Song Zi’s eyes narrowed, he fell into silence.


 Honestly speaking, this information caught him off guard. He originally thought that they were dealing with a small mortal woman, to think that such a huge force like Immortal Crane Sect was involved now.


 Although he had joined Snowy Mountain, this was only a loose alliance, demonic path Gu Immortals were usually selfish and only cared about self interest, they were not as united as the righteous path.


 Hei Cheng’s predicament was very awkward as well.


 Although he was a Hei tribe Gu Immortal, something as shameless as targeting his own daughter could not be known to everyone. Even though many righteous path Gu Immortals were two faced and usually acted differently in public, they at least appeared righteous to the world.


 Hei Cheng’s matter could not be exposed, thus he could only act alone, even Dark Prison had to be borrowed using an excuse.


 “Hmph, I wanted to kill a cat, but to think I messed with a tiger. Hei Cheng, I don’t care! Since your secret is in my hands, I want five hundred immortal essence stones. Give me a copy of the yin-yang life extension method as well.” Xue Song Zi broke the silence, his expression was ruthless.


 He was not sincerely working with Hei Cheng in the first place, after realizing that Fang Yuan and others had deep backgrounds, he wanted to retreat now.


 A cold light flashed in Hei Cheng’s eyes, he stared at Xue Song Zi as he said slowly: “You know my situation. If you force me, at most, both of us will go down, you will get nothing!”


 “You! Aren’t you afraid...”


 “Hmph, if I cannot catch Hei Lou Lan, I cannot gain lifespan, I am about to die, why would I care about reputation?”


 Xue Song Zi was shivering in fury after hearing Hei Cheng’s unscrupulous words, his eyes were blood shot: “Who could have thought that the grand Lord Hei Cheng is actually like this.”


 Hei Cheng shrugged nonchalantly: “Hehe, think what you want. Xue Song Zi, you were too naive. At this point, do you think you can keep out of this matter? Hei Lou Lan takes revenge very seriously, she has Fairy Li Shan backing her, do you think Snowy Mountain would care about you, the seventh peak’s branch head, as opposed to the third leader?”


 “There is something else I want to tell you. Central continent’s Gu Immortals are ready to strike, the ten great ancient sects have created an allied force to charge into northern plains. Right now, the entirety of northern plains is in chaos, I’m sure that with Fairy Li Shan’s skills, it would not be hard for her to use the central continent Gu Immortals as an excuse to indirectly kill you, that does not violate the Snowy Mountain union pact, right?”


 Xue Song Zi’s expression paled.



***
Chapter 692


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hei Cheng, you, you are actually threatening me! Rub me the wrong way and I will make sure all your dirty deeds are known by the whole world!!” Xue Song Zi was furious.


 Hei Cheng sneered: “Go ahead, do it quickly. Truthfully speaking, Su Xian Er was your Snowy Mountain’s pawn, intentionally arranged to get close to me and infiltrate Hei tribe’s higher level. The so-called Su Xian’s Night Elopement is no more than a conspiracy. Not long later, Su tribe was annihilated, did you think it was my Hei tribe that had a hand in it? Hmph! You guys from Snowy Mountain did it to conclude matters for Su Xian Er, clearing away all the traces!”


 “What? This, why haven’t I heard of it?” Xue Song Zi showed an incredulous look upon hearing this astonishing piece of news.


 “What would you know? You are only the owner of the seventh branch peak. The higher levels of Snowy Mountain always has only had three decision makers. I know you don’t believe me, but I have conclusive proof.” Hei Cheng took out an east window Gu and threw it to Xue Song Zi.


 Xue Song Zi took the east window Gu and cast his consciousness into it, a while later, his forehead was filled with cold sweat.


 Hei Cheng gazed at the sky and heaved a long sigh, revealing a bleak look: “Back then, I was publicly recognized as a Gu Immortal seed, but it was because I was ignorant at my young age that I fell into the conspiracy. Su Xian’s Night Elopement, hehe, Su Xian’s Night Elopement is nothing more than a meticulously planned conspiracy for the demonic and righteous paths to infiltrate each other.”


 “I married Su Xian Er, we had Lou Lan, I truly thought the days would keep on passing by blissfully. However, one day, a Gu Immortal suddenly appeared before me and threw the conclusive evidence to me. And what you are looking at is only a portion of this evidence.”


 “How can this be? How can this be?” Xue Song Zi mumbled.


 This evidence turned everything upside-down.


 Even if Hei Cheng used the yin-yang life extension method to scheme against his own wife, this was actually a matter of enmity between righteous and demonic. Hei Cheng’s action of taking down his family when justice demanded it would not create reproach but instead be praised and admired.


 “You set me up! You set me up!!” Xue Song Zi pointed at Hei Cheng in extreme fury.


 He had thought he was the one holding the initiative by having a handle on Hei Cheng, but he had never expected to be instead entrapped by Hei Cheng.


 Xue Song Zi naively followed Hei Cheng to hunt Hei Lou Lan and battle Fairy Li Shan, causing his current worrying plight. Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan as well as central continent’s ancient sect force became a shadow that refused to leave Xue Song Zi’s mind.


 Hei Cheng restrained his feelings and looked at Xue Song Zi: “And now, I have a new piece of evidence. Do you remember when Hei Lou Lan was transcending the tribulation, how did she address Fairy Li Shan? Fairy Li Shan and Su Xian Er are likely to have a blood relation. I have Su Xian Er’s blood with me and also Hei Lou Lan’s blood, I will have additional conclusive proof when we confront Snowy Mountain in the future.”


 Xue Song Zi breathed roughly before he was able to forcibly calm down: “Good, Hei Cheng, you are truly outstanding. I had not even extorted you of a few dozens of immortal essence stones but was pulled into this messy business by you, being plunged into your trap. Right, I must acknowledge that even if you take actions against Hei Lou Lan, making every attempt to capture her, it could just be brushed off as a father educating his daughter who hopes she would be aware of her mistakes. As long as you don’t use the yin-yang life extension method on Hei Lou Lan, I won’t have any real handle on you! But, your scheme can only stop here, you are a lone force while the other has joined hands with a central continent influence. Hehe, Hei Lou Lan has already become a strength path extreme physique immortal, it is now even more difficult for you to capture her.”


 Hei Cheng sank into silence.


 Xue Song Zi continued explaining, his thoughts becoming keener: “My situation is worrisome but your days also won’t pass by well. You harmed Su Xian Er, Hei Lou Lan’s hatred runs extremely deeply, and who is to say central continent’s force also won’t look to trouble you!”


 “Thus, you two are tied together, and you only have a hope of victory if you cooperate with my side.” A female voice suddenly interrupted Xue Song Zi and Hei Cheng’s conversation.


 “Who is this?!” Xue Song Zi was truly startled.


 A graceful figure slowly appeared. This was a female Gu Immortal who was wearing purple garments; she was charming and lovely, and her beautiful face showed a light smile.


 Xue Song Zi was not someone with poor knowledge and after being dazed for a moment, he reacted: “So it is Fairy Jiang Yu.”


 He then looked towards Hei Cheng.


 All of northern plains’ Gu Immortals knew that Fairy Jiang Yu was Hei Cheng’s twenty seventh concubine who was similarly a dark path Gu Immortal, and possessed dark limit Immortal Gu, which could conceal inspirations and make it difficult for others to make deductions.


 The reason why Hei Lou Lan was able to hold on for so long, and not explode because of the Great Strength True Martial Physique, was because Fairy Jiang Yu had used dark limit Immortal Gu to seal the aura of one of the ten extreme physiques on Hei Lou Lan, preventing its induction within heaven and earth.


 However, who would have thought that upon seeing Fairy Jiang Yu, Hei Cheng’s attitude would turn extremely cold, he snorted: “As expected, you came.”


 “Many years ago, when I first brought evidence regarding Su Xian’s Night Elopement to you, I had said — I will appear when you need me.” Fairy Jiang Yu revealed a mysterious smile, “So what do you think? Like I said before, you won’t be able to capture Hei Lou Lan by just yourself, you will instead only create a bigger commotion. You can only cooperate with my side to have hope.”


 Xue Song Zi looked at Hei Cheng then at Jiang Yu, his gaze traveling back and forth between them.


 He was shocked at how Hei Cheng and Jiang Yu were conversing. Fairy Jiang Yu’s identity was not ordinary, and seemed to be a representative of a mysterious force. The reason Hei Cheng could know of the deceit that was Su Xian’s Night Elopement was because of Fairy Jiang Yu’s notice.


 Hei Cheng lowered his eyes. Fairy Jiang Yu was able to appear so close to him without being discovered, this caused Hei Cheng’s apprehension of Jiang Yu to deepen by a layer.


 Fairy Jiang Yu was on the surface a lone cultivator of northern plains, and Hei Cheng’s beloved concubine, but in truth was shrouded in a fog of mystery.


 Hei Cheng fell into deep thought.


 He was not at all afraid of Fang Yuan’s myriad self army and actually had some disdain towards it inwardly. Despite not having methods to confront it head-on, Gu Immortal combat paid attention to contests in every aspect. Just based on how the myriad self army was not able to chase down Hei Cheng, its threat had heavily decreased to him.


 In the previous battle, if not for Hei Lou Lan’s side taking the initiative to retreat, Hei Cheng would have no doubt occupied the upper hand when the strength path phantoms dissipated and could even turn around the situation to a victorious one.


 Even Xue Song Zi who had been fleeing in disarray from the myriad self was not worried about fighting Fang Yuan again.


 The reason was that myriad self was an immortal killer move, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence expenditure was too high, and in spite of this it did not have true killing power. Xue Song Zi could just activate mortal killer moves to resist it. After this was repeated a few times, how much more immortal essence could Fang Yuan, as an immortal zombie, still have? Once his immortal essence was expended, Xue Song Zi could display his might and settle affairs with Fang Yuan.


 Hei Cheng’s apprehension was towards Fang Yuan’s background, to Immortal Crane Sect, and central continent’s Gu Immortals.


 He also had not expected that his investigation of Fixed Immortal Travel would involve such a colossus. Dong Fang Chang Fan had already deduced that the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was due to the workings of central continent’s Gu Immortals.


 Central continent’s Gu Immortals could destroy even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangements. Let alone with the insignificant Hei Cheng?


 Like Hei Cheng, Xue Song Zi also had similar worries.


 They were both scared by Fang Yuan’s ‘background’, if they knew Immortal Crane Sect was thinking of every possible means to deal with Fang Yuan, they absolutely would not be this nervous.


 “Looking at the present situation, it seems we can only have the chance of success by collaborating with your side. But before cooperating, as a fundamental part of good faith, shouldn’t you tell me which force you are representing?” Hei Cheng asked Fairy Jiang Yu after pondering for a while.


 Fairy Jiang Yu thought for a moment, she knew Hei Cheng was an uncompromising person; if she lied or refused, he would probably just turn around and abruptly leave.


 She decided to tell the truth: “Well, there is no harm in telling you. The force I represent is spread throughout the five regions and its name is Shadow Sect.”


 Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi glanced at each other.


 Central continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Twenty-eight green grape immortal essence and half an immortal essence stone.” Fang Yuan calculated the wealth he had remaining.


 After going through the battle during Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation, Fang Yuan’s hard earned and accumulated funds immediately returned to their original state.


 Before the battle, Fang Yuan had ninety-one beads of green grape immortal essence, but he had activated the killer move myriad self close to fifty times, to form an army of nearly five hundred thousand strength path phantoms.


 During the battle, Fang Yuan repeatedly used delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, Worldly Wave Trace and other Immortal Gu, consuming over a dozen beads of green grape immortal essence.


 Thus, the remaining green grape immortal essence did not even total thirty beads.


 “I still owe Fairy Li Shan fifteen immortal essence stones and fifteen immortal essence stones to Lang Ya land spirit as well. I can delay the payment to Fairy Li Shan as long as necessary. But I need to return the immortal essence stones I owe to Lang Ya land spirit as soon as possible; if it is delayed, the interest will only get higher.”


 Fang Yuan’s relationship with Lang Ya land spirit was still only ordinary.


 When Lang Ya land spirit lent immortal essence stones to Fang Yuan, although he did not demand an exorbitant price, but he still, as per convention, took a ten percent interest.


 That is to say, Fang Yuan would have to return at least sixteen and a half immortal essence stones to Lang Ya land spirit. If a month passed, another one and half immortal essence stone would have to be added.


 Two months was three immortal essence stones and so on.


 Even if a month did not pass, he would still have to pay one and half immortal essence stones, this was the minimum interest.


 How could outsiders lend money for no reason and without any benefits?


 The alliance between Fang Yuan, Fairy Li Shan and the others had an agreement. When one side helps other, the price they paid would be doubly compensated.


 This agreement had been implemented in Fang Yuan’s first battle with Hei Cheng.


 However, this time, Fang Yuan did not just pay a price, he also obtained enormous benefits.


 His strength path realm advanced to grandmaster level, he raised transformation path from practically nothing to master level, while his flying attainment advanced to quasi-grandmaster level.


 Adding in small family qi Gu and the fifteen immortal essence stones exempted from the debt, these benefits had far surpassed the price Fang Yuan had paid, thus Fairy Li Shan did not compensate.


 “Thinking back now, Hei Lou Lan might have intentionally set this situation up, attempting to use the Demon Venerable’s realm’s true meaning to make me work myself to the bone.” Now that Fang Yuan recalled the situation, he felt he had fallen in Hei Lou Lan’s scheme.


 If not for the Demon Venerable’s true meaning, Fang Yuan absolutely would not have spent so much green grape immortal essence and formed such a large strength path phantom army. If the situation was not good, Fang Yuan could have even retreated. After all, the alliance agreement had no clause that said one had to fight till death.


 The Snowy Mountain Alliance was quite lenient.


 Fang Yuan had vaguely felt this during the battle. But this was an upright plot, even if Fang Yuan discovered Hei Lou Lan’s attempt, he would have still dived right in, because the benefits were just that great!



***
Chapter 693 - Fighting is just a part of cultivating


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the underground cave, the air was filled with the rainbow colored light of wisdom.


 A small mushroom forest was growing here. Wisdom Gu was sprawled atop the mushroom king at the center of the forest, not moving.


 Fang Yuan sat close by, using the light of wisdom to make his deductions.


 Afterwards, he let out a breath of foggy air: “The second Immortal Gu recipe has been completed.”


 He looked at his green grape immortal essence, he did not have much originally, only twenty or so of them. After deducing two eighty percent remnant recipes, he had eleven left.


 “The third Immortal Gu remnant recipe is eighty-six percent complete, eleven green grape immortal essence beads should be enough.”


 Fang Yuan looked at the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, it was glistening brightly and had no issues.


 Many days had passed since Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation. Because it was used intensely in battle, cleanse soul Immortal Gu was hungry already, while delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu had been activated many times, but its condition was still good, it was not hungry.


 Fang Yuan felt baffled at first, but after he asked Mo Yao’s will, who was in his immortal aperture, he understood why.


 It turned out Mo Yao’s fake will needed to be replenished constantly.


 Mo Yao did not have a Gu to produce fake will, she used many Gu worms to convert the joyful will into fake will.


 Thus, when she fed Gu worms, the one she paid most attention to was the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu. Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu was fed till it was completely full by Mo Yao’s will, she did not feed it only when it was hungry. Thus, even though Fang Yuan was using it extensively, there was still some time until he needed to feed the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu.


 This was evidently a good thing.


 After all, activating a hungry Immortal Gu forcefully could cause it to die.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was already hungry, thus, it was much more risky for Fang Yuan to use the killer move myriad self. Perhaps the next time he used this immortal killer move, cleanse soul Immortal Gu would be destroyed in the process.


 Deducing Immortal Gu recipes was Fang Yuan’s most important source of income now. If delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu could not be used, Fang Yuan would fall into a difficult situation again.


 Fang Yuan activated delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu again, he started deducing the third Immortal Gu remnant recipe.


 This time, he had obtained the Demon Venerable true meaning infusion, it was quite a bit of help to deducing Immortal Gu remnant recipes.


 That was because the true meaning infusion was the same as taking in Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s understanding towards cultivation, it directly increased Fang Yuan’s foundation, it could raise his realm of cultivation.


 As for the deduction of Gu recipes, it one’s own foundation as the basis, the stronger their foundations, the higher the efficiency of the deduction.


 Even though refinement path attainment level was the most important, because there were many elements to consider, strength path and transformation path would be involved as well in these thought processes.


 Two days later, Fang Yuan completed his deduction, he obtained three complete Immortal Gu recipes.


 He brought these Immortal Gu recipes over to Lang Ya blessed land and completed the transaction with Lang Ya land spirit.


 Not only did he clear his debt and account for the expenditure of his green grape immortal essence, he still earned eleven immortal essence stones as profit.


 Everything was back on track now.


 Eight days later, Fang Yuan handed another three completed Immortal Gu recipes to Lang Ya land spirit and completed the fifth deal.


 At this point, he had thirty-six immortal essence stones and twenty-seven green grape immortal essence beads.


 Fang Yuan slightly relaxed after that.


 Because of the battle with Hei Cheng, he almost went into the red and his finances threatened to collapse.


 According to the economic term on Earth, he had almost caused the situation of a cash flow shortfall.


 “Although the immortal killer move, myriad self, has great strength, I need to consume a bead of green grape immortal essence every time I use it. If I use it many times, the expenditure would be huge. I need to be careful when I use it in the future, otherwise, it will just drain my finances and cause me to lose out, even if I win the fight.”


 Fang Yuan inwardly alerted himself in his mind.


 When Gu Immortals cultivate, they had to consider many aspects, not just victory in battle.


 Like the example of Liu Bang and Xiang Yu on Earth. Liu Bang could not defeat Xiang Yu, he lost in battles while Xiang Yu won in battles. But Liu Bang was adept in managing the economy and had strong backing. Even though he lost each fight, he had the capital to rise up once again, thus he was able to fight even after losing.


 Xiang Yu however, although he won his fights, he had no businesses, as time passed, and they fought even more, the difference between Liu Bang and him became smaller. Eventually, Liu Bang won one battle and that turned into complete victory.


 As for the cultivation of Gu Immortals, it was the same logic.


 Battles were just a part of cultivation.


 The victory and loss of battles was not too important, the important thing was the benefits behind them.


 One had to look forward for everything, they could not be shortsighted.


 Even though Fang Yuan could cause Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi to suffer greatly, he had invested too much green grape immortal essence, in contrast, Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi spent much less immortal essence compared to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan also went bankrupt after this fight, but Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi were in good condition. If Fang Yuan had to fight them again now, Fang Yuan’s battle strength would definitely be lower compared to them. If they fought for several more times, the winner would be obvious.


 Hei Cheng had the rank six Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, could he not go all out with it? Of course he could, but the situation did not call for it.


 Those who could become Gu Immortals were not rash boors that were hot blooded, they would calculate their gains and losses after every battle.


 Of course, if not for the Demon Venerable true meaning infusion, Fang Yuan would not have expended this much green grape immortal essence.


 “If I use up my green grape immortal essence, I can still replace it with immortal essence stones. But the Demon Venerable true meaning is an extremely rare opportunity. If I cultivate slow and steadily, I would need at least decades to reach this stage.” Fang Yuan was very aware in his heart.


 After Fang Yuan completed another two Immortal Gu remnant recipes, Tai Bai Yun Sheng finally returned from Snowy Mountain.


 “You did not see the environment of the super grade blessed land, sigh, I saw it with my own eyes. Having over 6700km2 of land, the blessed land’s time flow is thirty-eight times that of the outside world! There is much vitality and great potential in it, I could not help but feel jealous towards it. In my opinion, the biggest winner after the battle of this tribulation is Hei Lou Lan!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned and started talking incessantly, while sighing endlessly.


 After Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation, she asked for Tai Bai Yun Sheng to repair the super grade blessed land. Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was lucky enough to enter Lou Lan blessed land, it could be said to be a truly eye-opening experience.


 “A super grade blessed land is precisely like that, after all one of the ten extreme physiques becoming an immortal is like skating on thin ice, it is a fight for survival in a deadly situation. Compared to this, I am more worried about how many Immortal Gu Hei Lou Lan managed to refine during the third step of this immortal ascension.” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Her immortal aperture was created using the flying bear strength Immortal Gu, this strength path Immortal Gu was given to her by Giant Sun’s will. Flying bear strength Gu is now her vital Gu, but she also elevated her original core Gu, self strength Gu, to rank six. Other than these two, she also obtained a rank six strength qi Gu.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng replied.


 When Tai Bai Yun Sheng ascended to an immortal, the remaining heaven and earth qi created his two Immortal Gu, Man as Before and Landscape as Before.


 Whether Hei Lou Lan’s remaining heaven and earth qi had been more than Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s, nobody knew. But what Fang Yuan did know was that she had quite a number of small family qi Gu, these Gu had stored up some amount of heaven and earth qi.


 Fang Yuan analyzed what Hei Lou Lan had: “In this case, Hei Lou Lan is confirmed to have four Immortal Gu. They are flying bear strength Gu, self strength Gu, strength qi Gu, and slavery Immortal Gu. Divert disaster Gu had been destroyed during the tribulation. But don’t forget, she had once destroyed the flying bear phantom and obtained flying bear phantom Gu after suppressing it. After that, I lost my connection with the flying bear phantom Immortal Gu. I am not sure if this Gu was taken away by the formless hands or if it is still with her now!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s strength grew extremely quickly, she had at least four Immortal Gu and was a Gu Immortal herself now, her future was immensely bright.


 Furthermore, she had a close relationship with Fairy Li Shan, after getting her help, she skipped the initial stage of being a newly advanced Gu Immortal. Fairy Li Shan did not lack immortal essence stones, with a huge amount of investment, Lou Lan blessed land would develop quickly.


 “Hei Lou Lan who has a super grade blessed land will undoubtedly greatly exceed me in cultivation speed. I have a high grade blessed land, compared to other Gu Immortals, it is also a great advantage, but Hei Lou Lan is like someone who has grown wings and is soaring. Even though we formed an alliance with her, the alliance will eventually end. After the time limit, we will need to be careful, Fairy Li Shan has a huge network while Hei Lou Lan is a formidable person.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tone was worried.


 The rapid growth of the genius, Hei Lou Lan, had brought great mental pressure to an elderly man like Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 But it was worse for Fang Yuan.


 His cultivation was stagnant, as long as he was still an immortal zombie, his cultivation level would not progress.


 “As long as Hei Cheng is not dead, and Ma Hong Yun’s matter isn’t resolved, we will have the basis to cooperate with Hei Lou Lan. You have to be very careful when you go to eastern sea this time. Shark Demon is not easy to deal with, if you need reinforcements, use the moving perspective cup Gu to contact me.” Fang Yuan reminded Tai Bai Yun Sheng to be cautious.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng rested in Hu Immortal Blessed Land for two days before setting off to eastern sea.


 He was afflicted by the death sentence awaits Immortal Gu, and had promised an immortal zombie of eastern sea, Shark Demon, to explore Yu Lu blessed land, he had no choice but to set off.


 Fang Yuan stayed in Hu Immortal blessed land, he deduced Gu recipes to earn immortal essence stones, while also placing priority on settling the important matter of feeding Immortal Gu.


 After he completed the sixth deal, he had more than sixty immortal essence stones.


 His Woman’s Heart and Connect Luck were showing signs of weakness, they were evidently famished. Together with cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he had a total of three Immortal Gu to feed.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu needed ten thousand white lotus giant silkworm Gu as food. Connect luck Immortal Gu needed five thousand kilograms of sand from the ancient desolate beast, worldly sand gull’s, resting area. Poison path Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart needed the hearts of women as food.


 He had no idea how to get the first two, Fang Yuan decided to settle the easiest one first.


 Western Desert.


 Sand dunes were continually connected together, forming a huge and wide area of land.


 The sun was high in the sky, the air was dry and hot, it felt like a person could be cooked in this weather.


 A large sized caravan was moving forward.


 The camel bells ringed, and the sounds of the vehicles could be heard constantly.


 The accompanying Gu Masters used all types of Gu worms, some to reduce the temperature, some to summon winds, some to create fresh water, and some to navigate.


 “Who is this?” The caravan leader shouted. There was a gruesome monster in front of the caravan.


 This monster was six meters tall, it had bulging muscles and a large body. It had eight arms, a green face and sharp fangs, with eyes red as blood. With one look, people felt their hearts tighten as they felt a formless pressure.


 The caravan went into a commotion.


 “Two rank five, seventeen rank four, forty over rank three... This is quite a number.” A hoarse voice could be heard from the monster’s mouth.


 “Sir, who might you be? I am Mo clan’s caravan leader, Mo Yan.” One of the rank five Gu Masters in the caravan cupped his fists and asked nervously.


 Fang Yuan laughed ruthlessly, his eight monstrous claws opened instantly, the name of the super influence, Mo clan, could not deter him.


 He was like the incarnation of a demonic god, he rushed into the caravan and whipped up a storm of blood and flesh.


 Howling, screaming, crying, begging, all these noises tangled together, after a while, they went silent.



***
Chapter 694 - A gentle gaze


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After around ten minutes, the slaughter finally ended.


 One’s nose would be assailed by the thick smell of blood, the yellow sand was filled with corpses.


 Fang Yuan stood at the center of the corpses, he summoned woman’s heart Immortal Gu.


 The Immortal Gu slowly rose up, floating into the air and emitting a reddish purple light. The light filled the entire battlefield, in a few breaths of time, all the female corpses in the entire battlefield started to tremble.


 The vibrations of the corpses became more intense, as finally, with a loud pop, hearts burst out of the bodies and rose up slightly, flying towards Woman’s Heart which was in the air.


 Before they even got close, these bloody hearts were swallowed by the reddish purple light in the air, turning into inky purple light lumps.


 The light lumps were like young swallows returning to their nest, they entered Woman’s Heart.


 Poison path Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart slightly trembled, it let out a sharp screech, as if it sounded overjoyed from being fed.


 A moment later, all of the women’s hearts in the battlefield had been fed to Woman’s Heart as food.


 Fang Yuan called back Woman’s Heart.


 This Immortal Gu’s hunger had been alleviated by quite a bit, but it was not full yet.


 Fang Yuan frowned slightly: “At this rate, to feed the woman’s heart Immortal Gu until it is full, I will need four thousand more women’s hearts. This caravan that I slaughtered already had significant strength, such a large sized caravan is uncommon in western desert.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a while before flying into the sky.


 In the air, he stretched out his palm, pushing it towards the ground.


 Immediately, thousands of fireballs appeared, slamming into the battlefield. Explosions occurred as rocks and sand were sent flying, corpses were burnt as the place turned into a sea of fire.


 This was not a killer move, it was simply the power of quantity, he had used numerous similar fire path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan threw several black oil dragons.


 The oil dragons flew into the sea of fire, raising its intensity and razing the battlefield to the ground, all the traces left behind were gone.


 After doing this, Fang Yuan flapped his light illusion bat wings and flew away at a rapid speed.


 He traveled north-east, past several large sized oases, before finding his target — a small sized oasis.


 Looking down from a high altitude, the oasis was like a jewel, encased in the golden desert.


 There was a lake in the oasis, its water was clear and blue, with trees growing around it. There were many people living in this place, the marketplace were lively and it was a scene of prosperity and peace.


 Fang Yuan did not conceal his movements, he appeared above the cloudless sky, it was very eye-catching.


 A group of Gu Masters riding sand gulls flew up from the oasis.


 “What monster is this?”


 “It seems like a zombie!”


 These Gu Masters were mostly young people, they looked at Fang Yuan’s monstrous appearance and couldn’t help but mutter apprehensively.


 They were almost all rank two, only the leader was a rank three Gu Master.


 This group of people flew towards Fang Yuan, they stopped about three hundred steps away from him.


 The leader was very vigilant, he cupped his fists: “This is Zhou Xi oasis, controlled by us, Lan clan. The sky above the oasis is a no-fly zone, I hope sir can land on the ground! If you wish to enter the oasis, we have Gu Masters in charge of attending to visiting Gu Masters from outside. Sir just needs to follow the procedures, as long as you meet the requirements, you will be allowed to enter the oasis.”


 Fang Yuan continued to stare at the oasis, using his investigative Gu to check the area.


 He was trying to find out if there were any Gu Immortals hiding in this oasis, because only Gu Immortals could pose a threat to him.


 According to normal circumstances, such a small oasis would not be a strong force, there should not be Gu Immortals here. If there were, they would have expanded or modified this oasis already.


 After the leader said that, he saw that Fang Yuan was unmoved, he frowned as he said coldly: “Did sir hear me? The sky above the oasis is a no-fly zone, this is general knowledge in western desert. Sir flying above Lan clan can be regarded as a provocation! I hope sir lands now, otherwise, don’t blame us for...”


 Bam.


 Before the leader finished his words, Fang Yuan flicked a finger and sent a rank five level attack at him.


 The rank three leader could not react, he was blown to bits, his corpse scattered everywhere.


 “Huh?!”


 “Lord elder!”


 The other rank two Gu Masters screamed shrilly after a moment of shock.


 At this moment, unparalleled fear filled their hearts. The high and mighty lord elder did not even have a chance to react before he was killed in one hit.


 This attack was too sudden, the rank two Gu Masters could not even clearly see what actually killed their leader.


 “Lord elder is dead, he was killed in an instant!”


 “Quickly retreat, this person is not someone we can deal with!”


 “Enemy attack! Enemy attack!”


 The rank two Gu Masters screamed, they scattered in the air, flying towards the oasis.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he waved his hands.


 Bam bam bam...


 With consecutive explosions, these rank two Gu Masters were turned into pieces of flesh without exception. Even the sand gulls that they were sitting on were not spared.


 A loud siren rang in the oasis.


 Everything that had happened in the air was seen by the patrolling Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan looked down from above imposingly, seeing the mortals panicking and running away, the flourishing market had gone into chaos. Large numbers of mortal Gu Masters came out from the buildings, they faced up towards the sky, looking at Fang Yuan with deep animosity.


 “Mortals are truly like insects.” Fang Yuan let out a deep breath, he then summoned the hair armor and flapped his light illusion bat wings, flying like a meteor towards the oasis.


 “He’s here! Attack him!”


 “Be careful, the other party is very strong, he is at least a rank four Gu Master! He is very likely to be rank five!”


 “So what if he is strong? He is just one person, attack him!”


 The Lan clan Gu Masters in the oasis screamed furiously, they unleashed a flurry of colorful attacks.


 But Fang Yuan’s charge was not slowed, he easily broke through these obstructions and crashed into the clan head pavilion at the center of the oasis.


 Bam!


 The loud crash could deafen one’s ears, the huge impact caused the ground to shake. The clan head pavilion had defensive Gu worms protecting it, but they were useless, the place collapsed in an instant. Rocks flew and tiles burst, air currents pushed out and carried the dust clouds with them.


 As the dust and smoke settled, Fang Yuan’s huge body and eight monstrous arms were displayed before the Lan clan Gu Masters.


 “He, he did not die!”


 “Damn it, the clan head pavilion was destroyed by him! The ancestors’ tablets are all inside!”


 “Kill, kill this demon!”


 Everyone’s emotions were stimulated, they surrounded Fang Yuan.


 “All of you shut up!” Suddenly, an elderly man shouted, walking out from the crowd.


 “Lord clan elder!” The surrounding people paid respects to this old man.


 The old clan leader was very shocked, he deeply understood the defensive power of the clan head pavilion. It was the central and most important place in the clan, it had great defenses, even if ten people of the elderly clan leader’s strength attacked it, they might not break through.


 But simply one blow from Fang Yuan destroyed the entire clan head pavilion.


 Just one hit!


 What did this mean?!


 The elderly clan leader controlled his fear, he bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan: “Our Lan clan has been neutral for many generations, we have not meddled with the outside world. I am not sure if we have offended sir, but we will definitely compensate you until you are satisfied.”


 The moment he said that, he immediately attracted the fierce rebuttal of the Gu Masters.


 “Lord clan leader, what are you saying?”


 “This monster who is neither a human nor a ghost destroyed our clan head pavilion, even elder Lan Duan died in his hands.”


 “Clan leader, our Lan clan has no cowards, the other party is already so overbearing, we have to slaughter him into pieces to quench the hatred in our hearts!”


 “Hehehe...” Fang Yuan laughed coldly, his voice was hoarse, everyone frowned when they heard his voice: “There is actually someone who understands how to react to the situation here, hmm, that’s right, this small oasis is squeezed between many large forces. If you did not know your place, you would not be able to stay as the clan leader. Then listen to me, I want you to collect six thousand hearts within the next ten minutes. Remember, these hearts have to be intact and they need to be women’s hearts, the hearts of men and young girls have no use.”


 “What?!”


 “He... he actually wants six thousand women’s hearts?”


 “This is a demon, he is a lawless demon! He actually wants our clan to be his lapdog, to collect hearts for him!”


 The Gu Masters were in an uproar.


 The elderly clan leader’s expression was also uncertain. Six thousand women’s hearts was a huge number, there were many mortal villages around this oasis, but the number of mortals was certainly not enough. That means, to reach six thousand, he would need to sacrifice the clansmen in Lan clan.


 Thus, the old clan leader’s position would certainly be taken away. Nobody would allow such a person to be their leader.


 “Isn’t sir’s request too overbearing. Sigh, heaven cares for all living beings, in broad daylight, how can anyone commit such heinous acts? I’m afraid Lan clan cannot help you.” The old clan leader sighed as he showed a merciful expression.


 “Heh, then there’s no other way. Even though this is more troublesome, it will do.” Fang Yuan laughed ruthlessly, his killing intent surged.


 Light illusion bat wings flickered on his back, and a moment later, he appeared in front of the old clan leader.


 The zombie claws stretched out like lightning, grabbing the old clan leader’s neck, lifting him up easily.


 “So, so fast!” The old clan leader’s expression was pale, there was no trace of blood on his face. He was completely shocked, how could he be captured by the other party in an instant?!


 Could it be that, he is not a mortal, but a Gu Immortal?


 A horrifying thought appeared in the old clan leader’s heart, he shouted anxiously: “Ev... everything can be discussed... please have mercy... ple... argh.”


 Crack, the old clan leader’s neck was smashed into powder by Fang Yuan.


 The old clan leader’s head hung to one side, he stared with his eyes wide opened, he died without solace.


 It was not that he did not want to use his Gu worms to retaliate, but Fang Yuan had many mortal Gu in his immortal aperture that could seal and suppress Gu worms.


 “He, he killed the clan leader!”


 “No—! Lord clan leader! You cannot die!”


 “Revenge for lord clan leader!”


 The Gu Masters reacted and shouted angrily, like a rushing tide, they charged towards Fang Yuan, using all sorts of attacks, unleashing a beautiful display of fireworks.


 Fang Yuan did not dodge, he stood on the spot, allowing the attacks to hit his body without moving at all.


 Everyone’s attacks lasted for a hundred breaths before stopping.


 Gu Masters had limited primeval essence, with such an intense wave of attacks, they could not keep it up for very long.


 “Is he dead?”


 “He was definitely beaten to a pulp already.”


 “Sigh, our poor old clan leader, we did not even manage to retrieve his corpse...”


 But when the smoke dispersed, the Gu Masters eyes were opened wide, they saw that Fang Yuan was still standing at the same spot arrogantly.


 Even though the surroundings were a mess, his black armor was still extremely new looking, even the broken spikes were regenerating rapidly.


 A few breaths of time later, Fang Yuan’s hair armor regenerated completely, there were not even any marks on it.


 Hair armor was a mortal killer move, it was made of several hundred Gu worms, and dozens of rank five Gu worms. It was also used on the foundation of the immortal zombie body, the defense was not something these Gu Masters could break.


 Among the people attacking Fang Yuan, the one and only rank four Gu Master, the elderly clan leader, had died. There were less than ten rank three Gu Masters remaining, the rest were rank two and one.


 Their attacks were very scattered, many of the attacks had canceled each other out, it simply could pose no threat to Fang Yuan.


 “This is your attack? It can’t even scratch me.” Fang Yuan chuckled, his laughter was not loud, but it was very clear in everyone’s ears.


 An intense chill rose up in the hearts of the Gu Masters and spread rapidly.


 Even though the weather was so hot, they felt like they were in an icy pit!


 “You, what are you?” Everyone trembled, their hearts were filled with terror.


 “Monster, this is a monster!” Someone screamed, he had lost his mind.


 “Run, quickly run!!” Their morale had sank to rock bottom, one person running away initiated the collapse of the entire group.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, the clan leader was dead, they had nothing to rely on. At the same time, he purposely took the attacks head on, it was to destroy the morale of these mortals.


 Swoosh.


 Fang Yuan smiled sinisterly, he chased up to a female Gu Master.


 The female Gu Master’s body froze, she stared at the monstrous claw piercing through her back and out of her chest, as the monstrous claw pulled out, her heart was taken away.


 “Elder Lan Xin is dead too, run!” The surrounding Gu Masters saw this and were shocked out of their minds, they ran away even more quickly.


 Fang Yuan waved a hand and large numbers of fireballs spewed out, buildings collapsed and fires were blazing. With another wave of a hand, wind blades were dancing in the air, slaughtering everything in their path, leaving behind large numbers of minced corpses.


 “No, please, I’m begging you, don’t kill me.” This was an ordinary mortal woman with a delicate face and a beautiful figure, she had preserved her own body well, she should be a wife or concubine of a Gu Master.


 Bam.


 Fang Yuan flicked his finger, and the mortal woman’s head exploded like a watermelon, her headless corpse collapsed on the ground.


 Fang Yuan walked past this corpse, as the palm of his downwards hanging hand opened, the woman’s heart burst out of the body and flew out, grabbed by Fang Yuan.


 Woman’s Heart let out a joyful scream, it stopped on Fang Yuan’s shoulder, glowing in a reddish purple light.


 Be it the heart in Fang Yuan’s hand or the surrounding corpses, as long as they met the conditions, the purple light would swallow them and they would be absorbed by Woman’s Heart.


 Fang Yuan walked briskly, wherever he went, a slaughter occurred. It was a path filled with anguished wails, rivers of blood flowed.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was famished, it was too risky to use myriad self, and too much of a waste of immortal essence.


 Icy drill stardust could not be used, because the starlight lump exploded continuously, it would mince the mortal corpses completely, even the hearts would not be spared.


 Fang Yuan was only using mortal Gu, he did not use any killer moves, it was simply a huge quantity of Gu worms.


 But even so, the efficiency of killing was not low.


 Western desert was different from the other four regions, Fang Yuan chose this place purposefully. This was a huge desert, and the oases were like islands, even if a mortal escapes out of the oasis, they would not get far. Western desert was a place with unhindered vision, the desert stretched to the horizon, it was easy for Fang Yuan to chase them down.


 “This time, I will let you eat till you are full, little one.” Fang Yuan walked in the pool of blood, looking at the woman’s heart Immortal Gu on his shoulder, his gaze was extremely gentle.



***
Chapter 695 - Dead Sand Gull Egg


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The light of the setting sun shone on Zhou Xi oasis.


 The lively atmosphere in normal times was replaced by thick smoke and fire today.


 There was nothing left of the former serenity, buildings had collapsed, turning into piles of ruins. In these ruins, on the streets, at the side of the lake, under the trees, pools of blood were connected and corpses lined the ground.


 Fang Yuan went back to the clan head pavilion, standing on a pile of broken concrete, he placed the poison path Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart back into his immortal aperture.


 After killing for a long time, he had finally fed Woman’s Heart until it was full.


 Woman’s Heart combined refinement and nurturing, if he fed it any further, Woman’s Heart would enter the refinement stage, the more women’s hearts it ate, the stronger the poison.


 But Fang Yuan had no intentions of refining the Gu at this point.


 With his strength, slaying mortals was like slaughtering animals, but with so many mortals, he still spent half the day on this.


 Furthermore, Woman’s Heart was a consumable Immortal Gu. No matter how strong it was, it would be gone after one use. The prospects of investing in it were not great, unless Fang Yuan had the Immortal Gu recipe of Woman’s Heart.


 Standing on the rubble of the clan head pavilion, Fang Yuan activated several hundred Gu worms in his immortal aperture, undergoing a thorough search of the area.


 After two breaths of time, Fang Yuan finally found an underground entrance.


 He walked towards the entrance, his huge feet treaded and destroyed the ground under him, exposing the entrance.


 This entrance could allow a normal person to enter, but it was too small for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used force to take apart this entrance, after several hundred steps, the space finally widened enough for Fang Yuan to walk while bending his waist.


 A large stone door appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 On top of the door, there were words carved: “Important area of the clan treasury, people not specifically assigned are forbidden from entering.”


 Fang Yuan snorted, he destroyed the stone door and hundreds of golden light blades attacked Fang Yuan. A loud alarm rang, this was evidently the method of Lan clan in defending against thieves. But it was a pity that not even a single spike on Fang Yuan’s hair armor was destroyed.


 Fang Yuan entered the stone door, seeing a pile of primeval stones. Fang Yuan roughly estimated that there were at least a hundred thousand in total.


 If Fang Yuan was still a mortal, these primeval stones would be a huge fortune. But now that he was an immortal with unlimited primeval essence, he had almost no need for primeval stones.


 But he still kept these primeval stones in his immortal aperture, it was simply a move done in passing.


 Soon, he broke through a second stone door, and entered.


 He saw a huge amount of Gu refinement materials, they were classified and placed here, these were all ordinary materials. Although Fang Yuan also needed them, these materials were not in high quantity, when Fang Yuan truly wanted to refine something, he would need a vast amount of materials, he would still need to purchase in bulk from Gu Immortals.


 But this was better than nothing, Fang Yuan would not leave empty handed, he sent it all into his immortal aperture.


 Next, beyond the third, fourth, and fifth stone door, they all had Gu refinement materials, except that they were of different varieties and had different storage conditions. Fang Yuan took all of these as well.


 At the sixth stone door, he found Gu worms.


 Large numbers of mortal Gu were stored here. This was Lan clan’s Gu worm treasury, the foundation of their entire clan.


 Fang Yuan took them all away, with his abundant memories and great experience, he knew all of these Gu worms, they were not necessary for him.


 But to mortal Gu Masters, these were all precious Gu worms, including rank four and five Gu worms among them. Getting one could change a person’s life, their entire future might turn around.


 Like the liquor worm that Fang Yuan obtained on Qing Mao mountain, the bone flesh unity Gu on Bai Gu mountain, and the all-out effort Gu in Shang clan city.


 There were three Gu worm treasuries, and five primeval stone treasuries.


 Other than that, there were treasuries hidden within treasuries, secret troves that did not escape Fang Yuan’s detection.


 Some troves were ravaged, there were Gu Master corpses here and traces of fighting. Evidently, when Fang Yuan was slaughtering the mortals, some greedy Gu Masters knew that the clan was finished and barged in here, trying to take whatever resources they could.


 They fought here and took the treasures they could find, while a portion of people died from the Gu worms defending the troves.


 Fang Yuan walked past these troves, along the main path deep underground.


 Along the way, he saw more and more corpses of Gu Master, and there were also sand gull corpses.


 These sand gulls were like a combination of seagulls and ostriches, they had large legs with huge muscles, but they also had huge wings and could fly in the sky.


 Sand gulls could run rapidly in the desert, while also flying in the sky and carrying people, they only ate grass and drank clean water, they were easy to feed. With a mild temperament, they were the most common steed among western desert Gu Masters.


 The only problem was, sand gulls had very low fertility. Three to four out of ten sand gull eggs would usually hatch and grow into healthy sand gulls.


 However, this Lan clan raised many sand gulls, much more than other forces of the same level. When Fang Yuan slaughtered the clan, he killed many sand gulls. He estimated that Lan clan might have some secret technique to raise the fertility of the sand gulls.


 If so, that would be the only thing in this entire Lan clan that could somewhat interest Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan walked for another few thousand steps, he saw more Gu Master corpses. Finally, at one point, he saw a large number of Gu Master corpses and sand gull corpses.


 “It seems that the people who came in here met with the sand gulls’ obstruction, they all perished here. They took a risk to enter here, quite evidently, there is a huge benefit attracting them.” Fang Yuan analyzed.


 Squawk squawk squawk...


 After another few hundred steps, Fang Yuan was attacked by a wave of sand gulls.


 There were a hundred sand gulls, among them, the sand gull hundred beast king was injured, likely due to the fight with Gu Masters earlier.


 But how could this trifling beast group be Fang Yuan’s match? In just a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan killed these sand gulls and continued moving forward.


 The path was moving downwards, the depth was rather surprising to Fang Yuan.


 After getting rid of ten waves of attacks from sand gulls, Fang Yuan walked out of the tunnel, his field of vision widened as he entered a huge underground cave.


 This cave was quite big, it was like a square.


 There was a huge stone table at the center of the cave. There was a huge egg on the table, it was the size of a house, it had a yellow luster but it was already quite dim.


 There was a thick layer of yellow sand around the table.


 The sand was extremely soft and slightly warm, it felt like cotton when one stepped on it.


 Many eggs were placed on this sand, slightly buried into them. These eggs were of varying sizes, there were even some broken egg shells there.


 “These eggs are all sand gull eggs. This is the breeding ground for Lan clan’s sand gulls.” Fang Yuan walked into the cave.


 To protect their home and eggs, a large number of sand gulls rose up and charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was unmoved, he waved a hand and a large number of wind blades cut these sand gulls like harvesting crops, with another burst of frost, half of these sand gull were frozen.


 There were very few sand gulls that survived, they no longer had their previous numbers, so their aura diminished and they started escaping in fear.


 Fang Yuan had no interest in killing them all, the closer he got to the table, the more his gaze was attracted to the huge egg on the table, he showed some joy on his face.


 “This egg, is it the egg of a worldly sand gull?”


 Fang Yuan stopped atop the stone table and came in front of the huge egg. He touched the shell filled with cracks, there were several small holes on it, as transparent egg white flowed out of the cracks slowly.


 The egg white fell onto the stone table, following the crevices on the table as it flowed down onto the yellow sand.


 This was an egg of the ancient desolate beast worldly sand gull.


 The life inside had perished in the egg. Even the egg white was leaking, this was obviously a dead egg.


 Sand gulls had low fertility, worldly sand gulls which were of the same breed had even lower rates. But it was the life essence of an ancient desolate beast after all, even using the egg white so superficially could greatly raise the fertility of these sand gulls.


 Fang Yuan did not obtain the fertility method he had been guessing, he actually obtained a dead egg of an ancient desolate bird instead.


 This was an pleasant surprise.


 “As expected, after using Connect Luck, I encountered something good? After slaughtering a small to mid sized clan, I actually obtained something useful to me.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 His connect luck Immortal Gu needed the sand of the resting area of the ancient desolate beast, worldly sand gull, as food.


 This sand was known as sand gull soil, it was a special resource formed from ordinary soil due to the worldly sand gull’s influence.


 Originally, if Fang Yuan wanted to obtain the sand, he would need to buy it from others, or find a worldly sand gull nest and take a huge risk to sneak in and steal the sand gull soil.


 But now that he had a dead egg of the worldly sand gull, he could use the life essence in this egg to turn ordinary sand into sand gull soil.


 “I need five thousand kilograms of sand gull soil to feed the connect luck Immortal Gu. There is ample life essence in this egg, it should be enough. Even if it is not enough, it will tide me through this tough time. I do not need to feed the connect luck Immortal Gu until it is full, as long as it is not starving, that will do. After all, for the foreseeable future, there are no suitable targets, connect luck Immortal Gu is unusable anyway.”


 Feeling joyous, Fang Yuan took this dead egg.


 After returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, he started his preparations. He was a blood path grandmaster in his previous life, now he had also become a strength path grandmaster, these two paths both involved life and vitality.


 He quickly had an idea, using six hundred mortal Gu to create a Gu formation, extracting the life essence of this dead egg, forming a lot of vital energy.


 Fang Yuan modified this method with the help of wisdom Gu, condensing the vital energy into a light yellow juice.


 Ordinary sand had turned into sand gull soil after a day and a night in this juice.


 Three days later, Fang Yuan obtained enough sand gull soil to feed connect luck Immortal Gu till it was full.


 Therefore, the cleanse soul Immortal Gu in his hands was the only one he had an issue in feeding.


 To feed cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he needed the flesh of ten thousand white lotus giant silkworm Gu, but the white lotus giant silkworm Gu was very rare. A hundred thousand years ago, during the Late Antiquity Era, soul path flourished, and this Gu worm had once been very popular.


 Unfortunately, at this point, there were already very few white lotus giant silkworm Gu in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan used the name of the Eight Arm Immortal to request for this Gu worm and its recipe, but no one had answered him.



***
Chapter 696 - Announcement of Betrayal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Husband, Huang Er has been like this for three months. What should we do? I don’t know how to live if anything happens to her.” Fairy Bai Qing looked at Feng Jin Huang who was on the cushion, sobbing in a low voice.


 She was a grand Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House, she had always been elegant and noble to the outside world. But now that this concerned her beloved daughter, she lost her bearings, she was no longer as calm as usual.


 But in front of her, Feng Jin Huang sat on the cushion, in the posture of polishing her aperture.


 She wore a phoenix coronet, she had slanted eyes and there was a small red birthmark between her eyebrows. Her appearance combined the gentle beauty of her mother, Fairy Bai Qing, with the valiance of her father, Feng Jiu Ge, she had a dignified disposition, yet also a matchless, fearless beauty.


 She had incredible aptitude, her talent was overwhelming, she suppressed everyone of the same age in the ten great ancient sects. If not for Fang Yuan ruining her opportunity, Feng Jin Huang would have become the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land already.


 Her skin was fair like snow, her eyes were shut, she breathed slowly like she was asleep.


 About three months ago, Feng Jin Huang was meditating as usual, nurturing her aperture. But an accident occurred during this ordinary cultivation session, she fell unconscious ever since and nobody could awaken her using any method.


 Ever since they found out about Feng Jin Huang’s strange state, Feng Jiu Ge and Bai Qing had been thinking of ways to save their daughter, but there had been no progress.


 They asked the supreme elders of Spirit Affinity House, they had tried all sorts of methods, but all of it was useless.


 “Husband, do you think our Huang Er will stay asleep forever? Will she ever wake up and see us again?” Fairy Bai Qing thought about this terrible fate and couldn’t refrain from welling up with sorrow.


 Feng Jiu Ge sighed, he stretched out his arms to hug his beloved wife, consoling her: “Qing Er, don’t worry. Didn’t first supreme elder say it? Our daughter had discovered the true way to use dream wings Immortal Gu, thus she had reached a hidden region, her entire soul had entered a mystical realm unknown to us. She did not lose her life and is still alive and well. We should believe her, maybe this is a fortuitous encounter for her.”


 Although Feng Jiu Ge and Bai Qing did not awaken Feng Jin Huang, their attempts were not in vain, they had already found out the reason for Feng Jin Huang’s coma was the dream wings Immortal Gu!


 Fairy Bai Qing leaned on her husband as she relaxed on his broad and powerful chest, she felt slightly eased as she said: “When Huang Er was three years old, dream wings Immortal Gu came to her on its own, I had been feeling uneasy since then. We have never seen this Immortal Gu before, even after searching through all of Spirit Affinity House’s records, there was no information about it. In our tests, the effect of this Gu expended the soul to create beautiful wings. But now it seems, dream wings Immortal Gu’s true effect is not this.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded, agreeing: “Your analysis is very reasonable. When Gu Masters nurture, use, and refine Gu, if they are facing an unknown Gu worm, they would make new discoveries when using the Gu, eventually understanding everything about the Gu worm. Even for famous Gu worms, there are always new secrets hidden within them. When Gu Immortals and Gu Masters obtain valuable experience, they would treat it as an important secret to prevent others from learning about their information. When Huang Er awakens, I am sure she will have huge gains, she will learn the true way to use dream wings Immortal Gu. When I go to northern plains this time, our family will have to depend on you. Inform me immediately when Huang Er awakens.”


 The ten great ancient sects of central continent had plotted for countless years, they put in a lot of time and effort, expending manpower and resources, meticulously planning and making arrangements, before finally having some progress in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 But in the end, Fang Yuan used his previous life’s memories and plucked the fruits of their labor, using these arrangements for himself.


 In the end, Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed. This piece of information was a huge nightmare to the ten great ancient sects of central continent, who had planned this for a long time.


 The leader of this plan — Spirit Affinity House, was pressured by all the different forces, not only from the other nine sects, but also internally within Spirit Affinity House.


 “The plot against Eighty-Eight True Yang Building started from the information left behind by Fairy Mo Yao. All these years, our sect has been leading the way and holding the most crucial methods. Now that such a huge change has occurred, not only must we clear the suspicions, we also have to investigate the truth! As the person with the strongest battle strength in our sect, even though I want to stay by my daughter, all of the other elders have agreed that I will go to investigate this.” Feng Jiu Ge sighed.


 “Husband, you have to be careful during this northern plains journey. If anything goes wrong, make escaping your priority. After all, over there would not be like in central continent, there is no backup to assist you. Don’t trust the people from the other nine sects, back then when you challenged the ten great sects in successive battles, you won many and faced zero losses, many people’s reputations took a huge hit. All these years, you have been the publicly recognized strongest person in the ten sects, suppressing all of them. If Spirit Affinity House loses you, they might all sigh in relief instead.”


 “Don’t worry, for you and our daughter, I will be careful.” Feng Jiu Ge touched Fairy Bai Qing’s cheeks as he kissed her lips gently.


 When their lips separated, he took out a rank five letter sending green bird Gu.


 “This is a letter from Hu Immortal blessed land, that rascal Fang Yuan accepted Huang Er’s challenge.” Feng Jiu Ge said.


 “Him? Ever since Huang Er was born, she had only suffered a loss in this Fang Yuan’s hands. After Huang Er returned, she was so indignant and wanted to take revenge, I got you to send him a challenge letter earlier, but he did not reply. To think that he has replied now, what is his motive?” Fairy Bai Qing had a deep impression of Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze concentrated: “Ever since Huang Er lost, we had investigated this lad thoroughly. He has quite the backing, there is a mysterious force behind him, he actually dared to snatch Hu Immortal blessed land under the eyes of all ten great ancient sects. But these smart alecks in Immortal Crane Sect acknowledged him as one of their own, leaving us no way to make a move.”


 “This way, Immortal Crane Sect can exclude the rest of us nine sects and claim Hu Immortal blessed land for themselves. If it had been me, I would have done the same.” Fairy Bai Qing said.


 “Over a year has passed according to central continent time, even northern plains’ True Yang Building has collapsed in this period, the laughable thing is that Immortal Crane Sect has not even succeeded yet, Hu Immortal blessed land is still in that rascal’s hands. What a joke.” Feng Jiu Ge laughed in disdain.


 “We can’t say that. During this year, Immortal Crane Sect had first spent a lot of effort to capture the ancient desolate beast, spirit rhino, then many of the Gu Immortals in their sect were involved in the reincarnation battlefield, and now even Great Heavenly Sword Sect which is under their control is trying to gain independence, Immortal Crane Sect has too many things to deal with. Together with our nine sects exerting pressure on them covertly after we learned the truth, obstructing them from attacking Hu Immortal blessed land by force, all of these reasons resulted in Hu Immortal blessed land being yet to fall at this point.” Fairy Bai Qing said.


 Feng Jiu Ge shook his head: “The force behind Fang Yuan is shrouded in mystery, we do not know much about them yet. Yesterday, Immortal Crane Sect publicly declared that Fang Yuan had turned on them after obtaining Hu Immortal blessed land, he is now a traitor of the sect. It is evident that their soft tactics had no effect. Now it seems like Immortal Crane Sect is going to deal with Hu Immortal blessed land forcefully during this period of time. Hmph, I want to see what force it is, to be able to contest with our ten great sects.”


 Fairy Bai Qing’s gaze flickered, she seemed to have comprehended something: “I understand this Fang Yuan’s intention. He is not a member of Immortal Crane Sect, it seems he knew that Immortal Crane Sect was going to deal with him. Thus, he sent this letter, to interact with the outside world, so that he can resist Immortal Crane Sect using Spirit Affinity House.”


 “But now, Immortal Crane Sect has an upright reason to strike, because Fang Yuan is a traitor of Immortal Crane Sect. Immortal Crane Sect can attack Hu Immortal blessed land righteously, while we cannot interfere.”


 Fairy Bai Qing was unresigned: “Is there no way for us to interfere? If Immortal Crane Sect gets Dang Hun mountain, I’m afraid their sect’s foundation will get much stronger.”


 “As righteous sects, we have rules to follow. After all, there are so many other sects in central continent observing us, if the ten great sects break established practices, will we still be able to command those on our sides? Even though Immortal Crane Sect initially deceived the other nine sects, they were indeed led into believing them for some time, because Immortal Crane Sect had Fang Zheng who could be used as a perfect excuse.”


 “Since Immortal Crane Sect’s plan worked out, we had to acknowledge them. At least, we cannot interfere this time. But if Immortal Crane Sect fails in taking down Hu Immortal blessed land, our nine sects will have reason to strike. After all, everyone knows about this situation right now, but because of rules and reputation, we are all pretending to be ignorant. If Immortal Crane Sect fails, no one will allow them to take Hu Immortal blessed land for themselves anymore.” Feng Jiu Ge continued.


 He paused before continuing: “Before going to northern plains, I plan to give my one’s own way Gu to Immortal Crane Sect for their use.”


 “Ah? What is your intention?” Fairy Bai Qing was slightly taken aback.


 Feng Jiu Ge was very confident: “We do not know about the strength of Fang Yuan’s force, whether he can protect Hu Immortal blessed land is an unknown factor. If he defeats Immortal Crane Sect, then the ten great sects will strike together to split up this blessed land. But if Immortal Crane Sect wins, we can use my one’s own way Gu as a reason to gain some advantage from Dang Hun mountain as well.”


 Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun palace.


 “Declaring me as the sect’s traitor, this means Immortal Crane Sect will attack Hu Immortal blessed land very soon.” Fang Yuan looked at the report in his hands with a heavy feeling.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was not fed yet, under such circumstances, using the immortal killer move myriad self was extremely risky.


 If he was unlucky, he might lose the cleanse soul Immortal Gu for good.


 This way, without myriad self, Fang Yuan would lose his greatest trump card.


 “Immortal Crane Sect announced that I was a traitor in advance, but they did not attack. They are evidently waiting now, trying to lure the force behind me to make a move, so that they can fight it out. This is truly the demeanor and confidence of one of the ten great sects.”


 Fang Yuan thought a little about it and knew that Immortal Crane Sect’s attack would be very powerful this time!


 To him, the most important thing now was to find the white lotus giant silkworm Gu, to feed cleanse soul Immortal Gu until it was full.


 At the same time, he needed to accumulate funds, and prepare enough green grape immortal essence.


 Most Immortal Gu required immortal essence to activate.


 Without immortal essence, no matter how many Immortal Gu he had, he could not use their abilities.


 What is the point of war? Money!


 In this world, why do Gu Immortals fight? For immortal essence stones! It was about immortal essence stones!


 “Sigh, this is quite the problem. My funds that have just recovered are going to take a huge hit again. Two consecutive battles would completely devastate my already weak finances.”



***
Chapter 697 - Immortal Crane Sect, Gu Immortal Meeting


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Fei He mountain.


 At the highest point of the mountain, in the hall of affairs.


 Gu Immortals were seated in a circle, their immortal auras radiated as they discussed the important matters within Immortal Crane Sect.


 “The spirit rhino’s illness is getting worse, I need to purchase large amounts of materials, to refine the healing Gu that can treat it. But to completely heal the spirit rhino, I need a lot of healing Gu recipes and to carry out research on them. I estimate that I will need three hundred and sixty immortal essence stones.” Gu Immortal Shu Zhi Ge spoke loudly.


 Immediately afterwards, a Gu Immortal rebuked him: “The spirit rhino is an ancient desolate beast, it has a very strong body. But now, it has already been sick for half a year, why has it not recovered yet?”


 “Shu Zhi Ge, are you trying to delay the treatment of the spirit rhino so that you can reap some gains from the process?” A Gu Immortal questioned.


 Shu Zhi Ge heard this and his eyebrows rose up, he screamed: “Fan Xi Liu, don’t bullshit me! Wasn’t this all because you guys used a poison path Immortal Gu when you captured it? Back then, I urged you, don’t use it, don’t use it, but in the end, to save your efforts, you poisoned the spirit rhino. Now that there is trouble, you need me to clean up after you!”


 “You are the one bullshitting! Do you know how hard it was to capture that spirit rhino alive? It is easy for you to speak like this!” Fan Xi Liu was just as fierce, shouting loudly.


 Ding.


 At this time, a bell rang, it was a crisp and clear sound.


 The Gu Immortals’ words were all swallowed by the sound of the bell, as this sound continued echoing, it became louder.


 Shu Zhi Ge and Fan Xi Liu, no matter how much they spoke, their voices would only turn into bell sounds. They decided to keep quiet as everyone’s gazes turned to the origin of the sound.


 At the centermost seat, there was an old man, it was the person with the highest authority in Immortal Crane Sect, the rank eight first supreme elder that controlled the entire situation.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s first supreme elder’s voice was low and slow: “Now, Shu Zhi Ge’s suggestion requires three hundred and sixty immortal essence stones, to purchase Gu recipes and Gu worms to heal the spirit rhino, we will vote now.”


 “I object. Three hundred and sixty immortal essence stones is too many. My budget last time was merely two hundred immortal essence stones. Is healing a spirit rhino more important than healing Gu Immortals?” Fan Xi Liu was the first to object.


 A Gu Immortal beside him said: “The spirit rhino is important, but it is not crucial. The most crucial matter now is the situation in the northwest, I object to this suggestion as well.”


 “We will talk about Great Heavenly Sword Sect in detail later, now we are only discussing the matter of healing the spirit rhino.” First supreme elder interjected.


 “I object.” The third Gu Immortal said.


 “Before expressing my decision, I would like to hear Lady Sang Xin’s input. Our sect had expended much effort to capture the ancient desolate beast spirit rhino, it was to use the spirit rhino’s blood to create an even more secretive information path Gu worm. I wonder what Lady Sang Xin’s progress is?” The fourth Gu Immortal looked at Lady Sang Xin.


 Lady Sang Xin was a rank six Gu Immortal, she smiled upon hearing this: “I am ashamed! Right now, we are making little progress, the spirit rhino’s body is full of poisonous blood, the research of the information path Gu worm thus is progressing slowly.”


 The fourth Gu Immortal nodded: “That means this matter has few prospects. Then, I object.”


 Out of the eight Gu Immortals present, five objected. In the end, Shu Zhi Ge only got two hundred immortal essence stones.


 This was evidently much less than the three hundred and sixty he requested for. Shu Zhi Ge snorted as he muttered something under his breath, expressing his unhappiness.


 Ding.


 With another sound of a bell, regardless of whether Shu Zhi Ge was satisfied, first supreme elder continued: “Then next, we will discuss the matter of the reincarnation battlefield.”


 Lei Tan stood up from his seat, he had a muscular body, his blue hair pointed towards the sky: “I have been in charge of the reincarnation battlefield’s matters for over thirty years. I am sure everyone knows how important the reincarnation battlefield is. During the middle of this year, our sect had suffered a huge loss in the reincarnation battlefield. Even though reinforcements were swiftly provided and we regained our footing, the situation is still terrible. I need a rank six Gu Immortal’s battle strength or three desolate beasts to reinforce us, and one of the desolate beast has to be a nine palace crane.”


 He Feng Yang immediately retorted: “A Gu Immortal’s battle strength? Do you know Immortal Crane Sect’s current situation? Mu Xiao Xiao is recuperating from a serious injury, Lin San Mei is in closed cultivation, we have a lack of manpower in terms of battle strength. You are making such a request at this time?”


 Lei Tan snorted: “If Immortal Crane Sect is chased out of the reincarnation battlefield, can you, He Feng Yang, take responsibility?”


 He Feng Yang snickered: “We have already invested a huge amount of resources into the Reincarnation Battlefield, two Gu Immortals were already involved in it, we can totally defend our side and maintain stability. Adding in forces will not solve anything, because our competitors in the reincarnation battlefield are the other nine sects. The more reinforcements we send in, the more reinforcements other sects would send, they might even send more than us!”


 Shu Zhi Ge nodded: “Agreed, reincarnation battlefield’s situation is stable now, the current objective should be to defend our territory.”


 Everyone looked around and started to vote.


 Eventually, Lei Tan obtained the help of two desolate beasts, he looked at He Feng Yang in hatred, gritting his teeth.


 Ding.


 “Next, we will discuss the matter of Great Heavenly Sword Sect.” First supreme elder said.


 Gui Li heard this and firmed his gaze, sitting up straight.


 Facing everyone’s gazes, he spoke: “Great Heavenly Sword Sect has been under our Immortal Crane Sect for nearly a thousand years. Protected by us, after such a long time, they now have a third Gu Immortal. They want to get rid of this attachment and separate from our sect. If they succeed, our sect’s control over the northwest would decrease significantly. Immortal Crane Sect’s reputation will also take a huge hit. Even though there is not much evidence, I have gone through extensive calculations, I suspect that Myriad Dragon Dock is involved in this matter. If Great Heavenly Sword Sect detaches from us and joins Myriad Dragon Dock, the situation would be even worse. Our territory is connected to Myriad Dragon Dock’s territory, the areas surrounding Great Heavenly Sword Sect would combine into Myriad Dragon Dock’s sphere of influence if that happens.”


 “We all know how severe the matter is, you do not need to explain it. I’ll ask you directly, who is the Gu Immortal that you want to recruit from Great Heavenly Sword Sect? How confident are you, is it the other party’s scheme? And most importantly, how much of a price do we need to pay to recruit that Gu Immortal?” Second supreme elder asked.


 Great Heavenly Sword Sect was a large sized force, it was unable to sustain the cultivation needs of three Gu Immortals.


 Central continent’s current situation was that the ten great ancient sects had control over the entirety of central continent, and eighty percent of its resources were split by the ten sects. Only the ten great ancient sects could sustain a large number of Gu Immortals.


 For example, Great Heavenly Sword Sect, which was a subsidiary of Immortal Crane Sect, had to hand over a huge amount of resources every month. The Gu Immortals in Great Heavenly Sword Sect thus lack the resources they need. In this aspect, if there were enough benefits, it was possible to make a Gu Immortal betray them.


 If Great Heavenly Sword Sect loses one of its three immortals, it will only have two left and its strength would fall, they could no longer stir up trouble.


 Gui Li thought about his words as he said: “As the saying goes, nothing good is cheap, the one we are trying to recruit is not a mortal but a Gu Immortal. I promised them that they would be treated the same as us, after all, this is the standard for joining Immortal Crane Sect. Other than that, there are some resources as well, about seventy five immortal essence stones worth.”


 Pausing for a while, Gui Li continued: “In my humble opinion, we should not resort to force for Great Heavenly Sword Sect’s matter, if we can. After all, the deadline of Great Heavenly Sword Sect’s agreement to be our subsidiary sect is coming to an end. It is perfectly fair for them to want to end this relationship and detach from us. If we interfere forcefully, we would have no proper reason. Great Heavenly Sword Sect is also near a territorial border, Myriad Dragon Dock may find an excuse to intervene.”


 From start to finish, Gui Li did not mention which Gu Immortal he was thinking of recruiting.


 Second supreme elder also did not pursue the matter.


 All of the Gu Immortals present were supreme elders of Immortal Crane Sect, but they had internal factions and conflicts as well.


 A place with people will have conflicts over benefits, and when there is conflict of interest, there are allegiances.


 If Gui Li said it now, it might give rise to unnecessary conflict.


 Great Heavenly Sword Sect’s matter was extremely important to Immortal Crane Sect. After voting, Gui Li’s suggestion was approved.


 Ding.


 With a loud sound from the bell, first supreme elder said: “Next, we will discuss the matter of taking back Hu Immortal blessed land. He Feng Yang, tell us about it.”


 Lei Tan snorted coldly, throwing a glance at He Feng Yang filled with ill intentions.


 He Feng Yang stood up from his seat, showing a serious attitude: “Everyone, Hu Immortal blessed land is a rank six blessed land, even though Hu Immortal did not manage it well, Dang Hun mountain is in there. As we all know, Dang Hun mountain’s guts Gu can greatly raise a sect’s foundation, it is useful even to us Gu Immortals.”


 Before he finished speaking, Gu Immortal Lei Tan questioned: “He Feng Yang! It has already been more than a year, why is Hu Immortal blessed land not taken down yet? In fact, there is not even any progress. Do you know the other nine sects are looking at us like a joke now.”


 He Feng Yang was prepared for this, he spoke calmly: “Any person prepared to accomplish grand feats would face much mockery from the people around him, if we cannot endure this, how can we have any achievements?”


 “I came here for a meeting, not to listen to your teachings. No matter what, it is undeniable that you have not retrieved Hu Immortal blessed land yet.” Lei Tan said.


 “During this last year, I have been extremely busy over this matter, I had not relaxed even a bit. A few days ago, I have already declared publicly that Fang Yuan is a traitor of the sect, and that we will take him down soon. During these recent days, I have sent informants to monitor the other nine great sects, we have not found any special reactions from any sect. The crucial person of this operation has been appropriately prepared, we just need Old Lord Can Yang and Fairy Cang Yu to assist in our move, and we will be able to take back Hu Immortal blessed land.” He Feng Yang said.


 “Old Lord Can Yang is rank seven, while Fairy Cang Yu has decent strength among rank six Gu Immortals, you have the nerve to request this? You are a grand Gu Immortal yourself, but you need three Gu Immortals to deal with a mortal? You are killing a chicken with an ox cleaver, this is what you have prepared after over a year?” Lei Tan mocked and laughed loudly.


 He Feng Yang’s eyes were twitching, he controlled the anger inside him as he looked around, calmly saying: “To ensure that nothing goes wrong, I have to make such a request. I’m sure everyone here knows the situation. I used Fang Zheng to lie to the nine sects, snatching Hu Immortal blessed land for ourselves in name. But ever since the nine sects found out the truth, they have been targeting Dang Hun mountain, obstructing us many times in secret. This time, we need to succeed, we cannot fail, otherwise they will intervene. By then, the situation is not something our sect can control anymore.”


 Hearing this, first supreme elder sighed lightly: “They have already obstructed us. He Feng Yang, I have bad news for you, as well as good news.”


 He Feng Yang’s heart shuddered: “First elder, please tell me.”


 “Never mind, look at it yourself.” First elder flicked his finger, as a rank five letter sending green bird Gu flew out.


 He Feng Yang received it and his consciousness entered it, seeing the start, his expression turned ashen: “What? They are requesting Old Lord Can Yang to go to northern plains?”


 In He Feng Yang’s plan, Old Lord Can Yang was the greatest battle strength, he had an attacking type Immortal Gu, he was the powerhouse that could hold the fort.


 But before He Feng Yang had even acted, he lost his strongest general!


 Second supreme elder said: “We can’t reject them. True Yang Building collapsed for no apparent reason, the cooperation of our ten sects to take down True Yang Building has failed. All the years of hard work have gone down the drain, all of our investments were wasted. This matter is too important, we have to organize a group to go investigate the truth in northern plains. At the same time, in northern plains, all sorts of Immortal Gu have appeared all over the place, thus this northern plains journey has another major objective, that is to capture some Immortal Gu. If the Gu Immortal we send has low battle strength, not only would we fail to gain anything, we might even be sidelined and reduced into being a shield, losing out in all aspects.”



***
Chapter 698 - Attacking Hu Immortal blessed land (1\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “But the decision of staying or going for Lord Can Yang would affect the ownership of Dang Hun mountain and guts Gu.” He Feng Yang still wanted to fight for it.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is the publicly recognized number one battle strength of the ten sects, he is also the leader of this northern plains expedition. We have no justifiable reason to reject his request. You know clearly that the sect’s manpower in terms of battle strength is very tight recently. Even if we refuse him forcefully, the other nine sects will use excuses like not needing a burden to go with them, jointly pressuring us.”


 Hearing the first supreme elder say that, He Feng Yang’s expression became utterly dark.


 Lei Tan smiled silently, he did not conceal his schadenfreude at all.


 He Feng Yang felt he was so angry that he was going to blow up, he continued reading the letter, but his expression suddenly froze, he said with mixed emotions: “This... Feng Jiu Ge is actually lending one’s own way Immortal Gu to me? He has also raised one’s own way Immortal Gu to rank seven! Rank six one’s own way Immortal Gu is a consumable Gu that can only be used thrice. But the rank seven one’s own way Gu has no such limits, it can be used as many times as possible, but the expended immortal essence is much higher.”


 “What? I remember that He Feng Yang’s one’s own way Gu only had one use left. To think that Feng Jiu Ge raised one’s own way Gu to rank seven! No wonder he requested for one’s own way Immortal Gu, he had an agenda all along.”


 “But his luck is really good, Immortal Gu are hard to refine, there is a very low chance of success, one’s own way Gu was not his vital Gu, but he actually succeeded.” Gui Li said.


 Shu Zhi Ge said: “Spirit Affinity House has a lot of assets, and has close relations with Heavenly Court, their foundation is even deeper than Immortal Crane Sect. It is not a strange thing that they could refine a rank seven Immortal Gu.”


 “With one’s own way Gu, we will not be suppressed by the blessed land, we can use mortal Gu freely.” Lady Sang Xin looked at He Feng Yang.


 “Feng Jiu Ge’s scheme is great, on one hand he lent us one’s own way Gu, if we succeed in obtaining Hu Immortal blessed land, he would be able to get a share. On the other hand, he took Old Lord Can Yang away, that was to lower our capability in the fight for Hu Immortal blessed land.” Second supreme elder analyzed.


 Third supreme elder Lord Tiger Demon drank the wine in his bowl before smashing it: “Damn! This is not the first time that the other nine great ancient sects have secretly obstructed our sect in dealing with Hu Immortal blessed land! He Feng Yang! Hu Immortal blessed land has been handled by you alone all along, I hope you can succeed this time, do not leave any opportunities for the other sects. Slap their faces hard. I want them to beg us to cooperate on selling the guts Gu!”


 “I understand, third elder.” He Feng Yang bowed.


 The Gu Immortals discussed for a day and a night, they finally decided on what Immortal Crane Sect would do for the next few months.


 Two days later, Fang Zheng opened the stone door, entering the blood pool.


 “Fang Zheng, after so many hardships in training, we have finally reached this stage. Today, you will take revenge for your clansmen, you will make contributions to the sect, you will do a favor to all the people in this world. We must succeed!” In his aperture, the spirit incubating flea was vibrating, emitting Lord Sky Crane’s voice.


 “Yes, master! I will succeed!!” Fang Zheng clenched his fists, his expression was extremely firm.


 He walked to the center of the blood pool, letting the boiling blood submerge half of his body.


 Next, he breathed in deeply, using iron blood Gu. His blood became blacker and thicker, his skin turned darker.


 Immediately afterwards, Fang Zheng activated blood blade Gu while maintaining iron blood Gu.


 Sizzle...


 From his body, hundreds of iron-blood blades flew out, shooting everywhere.


 Hundreds of cuts appeared on his body, as blood like molten iron flowed out.


 An intense pleasure hit him, Fang Zheng gritted his teeth as he entered the crucial step, using blood merge Gu...


 At the same time, on Tian Ti mountain, two Gu Immortals arrived.


 One of them looked young and mild like jade. He wore a green robe and had a jade pendant on his waist. What was most eye-catching were his dark green eyebrows, they were sharp and long, reaching down to his waist. It was the rank six Gu Immortal of Immortal Crane Sect, the one known as Winged Crane Flying Immortal, He Feng Yang.


 The other was a young and beautiful looking woman, she had a good figure and her face was like a peach, her eyes were thin and delicate, she wore a pink-blue flowery dress, as it fluttered in the wind. She was another Gu Immortal of Immortal Crane Sect — Fairy Cang Yu.


 The two stepped onto Tian Ti mountain, towards the location of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 What they saw before them was a large green forest, it was plain and ordinary.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was a separate small world, it was distinct from the world of central continent. As long as there were no loopholes in the blessed land, or the entrance of the blessed land was not opened, from outside, one could not see any signs of its existence. If one did not know of its existence, even if Gu Immortals passed by, they would not realize that there was a blessed land here.


 Fairy Cang Yu looked around, the scenery was that of a jade green mountain with chirping birds, not one person was in sight.


 But she smiled to He Feng Yang: “It seems that there are indeed many people today, and quite a few familiar faces too.”


 She and He Feng Yang did not conceal their traces, because their actions later would cause a commotion that could not be hidden. Thus, when He Feng Yang started to move, the other nine sects already knew about it.


 Right now, Gu Immortals from the other nine ancient sects were already lurking close by, observing He Feng Yang and Cang Yu’s actions, obtaining first hand information.


 He Feng Yang scattered his Gu worms as he praised: “I’ve heard that fairy has an investigative killer move, known as micro sense, it can be sold for five immortal essence stones in treasure yellow heaven, it has great effect.”


 “Lord Flying Immortal is too kind, I merely obtained it from a fortuitous encounter in the reincarnation battlefield.” Fairy Cang Yu delicately laughed.


 “I will need fairy’s help in this battle today.” He Feng Yang’s attitude was very gentle and kind.


 “Lord Flying Immortal is too polite, my weak methods cannot compare to the grand Winged Crane Flying Immortal’s myriad crane soaring flight. It would be a great honor if I can witness it today.” Fairy Cang Yu sighed.


 He Feng Yang laughed.


 As he said this, he had already scattered about ten thousand mortal Gu, after five minutes, his preparations were complete.


 “Next, we wait for the right time. Fairy, please.” He Feng Yang waved his sleeves, as a lump of white cloud flew out.


 The cloud was only three meters from the ground, turning into the shape of a cushion.


 He Feng Yang leapt onto it and sat down cross-legged.


 This was a white cloud cushion Gu, it was rank five and could assist a Gu Master in cultivating, increasing the effect of nurturing their aperture. Although the effect was not great, years of accumulation would still be a significant amount.


 After He Feng Yang ascended to an immortal, white cloud cushion Gu lost its primary use, and could only be used as his seat.


 The white cloud cushion was huge, He Feng Yang purposely left enough space for Fairy Cang Yu.


 But Fairy Cang Yu took a look and did not step onto the white cloud cushion, she flicked her finger as a wood path Gu flew out.


 The Gu worm drilled into the ground, several breaths later, peach trees started growing, the branches intertwined together, forming a comfortable bed made of peach blossoms.


 Fairy Cang Yu lightly chuckled as she stepped onto the bed, half lying down and relaxing herself.


 At the same time, in Fu Hu blessed land, Fang Zheng was at the last step.


 He activated failed blood demon flower Gu, as all of the flesh and blood in his body became the soil and nutrients for the demon flower to grow. Countless vines grew out of his skin, coiling around his body.


 The beautiful and demonic blue chrysanthemums blossomed and opened brightly.


 An intense pain assaulted his entire body, even iron blood Gu was having no effect, Fang Zheng gritted his teeth as his expression contorted, he forced himself to endure it.


 “Quickly use cold blood Gu!” Lord Sky Crane’s soul was observing Fang Zheng’s condition, at this moment, he reminded him.


 Fang Zheng endured the inhuman pain as he mobilized his primeval essence, activating cold blood Gu.


 His body shuddered for a few moments, as the temperature of his boiling blood fell, preventing him from suffering the terrible fate of being cooked alive.


 “Use blood sense Gu.” Lord Sky Crane gave instructions.


 Fang Zheng gritted his teeth till blood was dripping out, he activated this rank five blood path investigative Gu forcefully.


 This Gu could allow him to sense others with the same bloodline as him. The closer they were and the thicker their bloodline, the clearer the connection between them.


 But this time, no matter how Fang Zheng tried to sense him, he could not see any images.


 “How can this be? You and Fang Yuan are brothers by blood, your bloodlines are of the most close relations, meanwhile failed blood demon flower Gu can enhance the effect of blood path Gu worms, how could you not sense anything after such a long time?” Fang Zheng was in so much pain he could not talk, but Lord Sky Crane was monitoring him closely, seeing that there was no effect, he became nervous, shouting in panic. 

 “Fang Zheng, hang in there! You have trained for so long, enduring so much inhuman hardship, it was all for this. Our sect’s two Gu Immortals have already set off, we are waiting for you to lead the way! Do not give up, do not relax your concentration for even a minute.” Lord Sky Crane urged worriedly.


 Fang Zheng’s body was shivering intensely, he could not answer his master, he could only use actions to express his obedience.


 “You still can’t sense him? Strange! Too strange! Fang Zheng, you have to extend your sense towards the hole earth Gu in the blood pool. If Hu Immortal blessed land’s hole earth Gu has not been destroyed yet, then this hole earth Gu would connect to Hu Immortal blessed land. It can help you greatly in sensing Fang Yuan!” Lord Sky Crane reminded.


 But Fang Zheng had already sent his sense over to the hole earth Gu, there was little effect.


 To him, he felt like he was in complete darkness, searching for his target was like looking for a speck of light in complete darkness.


 Be it Fang Zheng or Lord Sky Crane, they did not know about the changes in Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had become an immortal zombie!


 His body’s blood had turned into a cold jade green zombie blood, from the original healthy red blood.


 This, no doubt, raised the difficulty for Fang Zheng immensely.


 No matter how hard Fang Zheng tried, he could not sense Fang Yuan’s existence!


 “Damn it! Damn it!” Lord Sky Crane was extremely anxious, according to the experience of their previous training, Fang Zheng’s endurance had a time limit. Ninety percent of the time had passed already, he was near his limit.


 “Don’t tell me, we have to use that trump card?” Lord Sky Crane was having an internal struggle.


 To ensure that this succeeded, He Feng Yang had secretly placed some blood path Gu worms in Fang Zheng’s body. Together with the Gu worms in the blood pool, it formed a trump card that could prevent any accidents from happening.


 But if they used this trump card, Fang Zheng would completely lose his mind, he would activate blood sense Gu without caring about his life. Fang Zheng’s soul would be consumed intensely, and his blood and flesh would shrivel quickly, there was an extremely high chance of dying!



***
Chapter 699 - Attacking Hu Immortal blessed land (2\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lord Sky Crane hesitated.


 On one hand, he had instructions from He Feng Yang and was responsible for the heavy task. Reason told him he needed to sacrifice Fang Zheng, this mortal child, for the benefits of Immortal Crane Sect, and it was also the most appropriate choice.


 But on the other hand, his sentiments were obstructing him.


 Humans were not made of stone, how could they be devoid of emotions?


 ‘Being with Fang Zheng day and night, watching him grow step by step, looking at him unable to think properly sometimes, looking at him cultivate bitterly with all his effort for vengeance, he really resembles me back then...’


 Lord Sky Crane could not bear to sacrifice!


 “Fang Zheng, you brat, I taught you so many times, this is the most basic refinement method!”


 “Sorry, master.” Fang Zheng’s hand was emitting smoke, the Gu worm in the palm of his hand had already turned into a pile of ash.


 ...


 “Fang Zheng, practice, practice, and practice more. A disciple of mine, the grand Lord Sky Crane, can’t even arrange the cranes in an arrow formation? Where would my face go if this was spread?!” Lord Sky Crane shouted in fury.


 “Sorry, master, I will definitely try harder... ugh!” Fang Zheng made more mistakes the more nervous he became.


 Two groups of cranes collided against each other in the air because of his last mistake.


 The miserable cries of the cranes and the sounds of bone fractures resounded like dumplings dropped into a pot, as they fell down to the ground.


 The spirit incubating flea was dazed for a moment at beholding this scene before erupting like thunder, “You fool!”


 ...


 “Master, I was wrong, sorry.” Fang Zheng faced the wall inside a room for confinement, as he apologized to Lord Sky Crane.


 “Stupid kid, what are you saying sorry for? You fought well!”


 “Ah? Master, doesn’t the sect prohibit internal fights?”


 “Hmph, Zhang Nan’s master is Xuan Ji Zi, back then I didn’t find him pleasing to my eyes and beat him till his head was swollen. I was also confined longer than you. I might have died already, but as my disciple, how could you be bullied by others!” Lord Sky Crane snickered.


 “Master....” Fang Zheng choked with sobs, his eyes reddened and tears started forming in his eyes.


 “Idiot, what are you crying for. A man does not easily shed tears!” Lord Sky Crane berated.


 “Yes, master. Sorry, master!”


 ...


 This crucial moment seemed to span endlessly.


 The past scenes floated by one by one in Lord Sky Crane’s mind. He seemed to hear being called master again and again.


 Lord Sky Crane roared in a voice so loud that it could awaken the dead: “Fang Zheng, persevere! Have you forgotten the pain Fang Yuan inflicted upon you? Forgotten how your fellow disciples beat you black and blue when you first arrived at Immortal Crane Sect? Forgotten the grieving ghosts of your clan, forgotten how miserably your uncle and aunt had died at Fang Yuan’s hands? Your hatred, your effort, all of it need to be shown at this moment! You can’t fail, you can’t give up!”


 “I will definitely sense him, definitely!” Fang Zheng’s spirit was stirred up when he heard Lord Sky Crane’s roar.


 However, he still only sensed endless darkness.


 No matter how much effort he exerted, no matter how he used his energy, he still could not sense any indication.


 “Why?! Why!” Fang Zheng’s mind was shaken and was starting to turn chaotic when the memories of that unbearable past hidden deep within him started surfacing one after another.


 The shadow which Fang Yuan had cast upon Fang Zheng since youth seemed to be the same as this darkness he was sensing, causing Fang Zheng to feel boundless pressure and not a trace of light.


 Fang Zheng felt he was an extremely tiny speck in this vast darkness.


 Hesitation, bewilderment, loneliness, helplessness, all sorts of feelings gushed in his heart.


 “Sorry, master, I... failed.” Tears fell down Fang Zheng’s eyes as his body reached the limit and his mind was close to collapsing.


 “No! You can’t fail, I don’t allow it!” Lord Sky Crane was also anxious, shouting repeatedly.


 However, Fang Zheng was slowly unable to hear him, he was about to fall unconscious like in the previous drills.


 “Damn it, damn it!” Lord Sky Crane shouted in his heart, he thought of his possession plan, and thought of the punishment He Feng Yang would give if he failed this task.


 “Fang Zheng, you brat, all my efforts to cultivate you are in vain. In the end, you are still unable to get rid of that man’s shadow! Since that is the case, then let me give you a hand!!”


 Lord Sky Crane’s thoughts flashed before he finally convinced himself. The situation also forced him into making this choice.


 He used that trump card.


 Instantly, the whole blood pool let out bright lights, sweeping away the previous darkness.


 Gu worms concealed around the blood pool activated one after another on Fang Zheng’s body.


 “Ahhh——!” Fang Zheng’s body spasmed intensely like he was electrocuted. He fiercely raised his head and spread his arms, clenching his fists so tightly that the nails pierced into the flesh.


 An incomparable pain attacked his mind, causing his eyes to roll backwards and show the whites.


 Almost in the next breath of time, Fang Zheng’s roar stopped abruptly; he lost his consciousness, but under the effects of Gu worms, he still continued to activate failed blood demon flower Gu, and was still using blood sense Gu to sense Fang Yuan’s existence.


 The blood pool seethed and gurgled.


 Squeak squeak... the failed blood demon flowers started growing rapidly, emitting bone-chilling sounds.


 Fang Zheng maintained his position, with his head raised and arms spread, without budging in the slightest, like a statue.


 The demonic vines had been small and thin like needles, but now these vines grew thicker, at least as thick as fingers. The largest vine grew from the depths of Fang Zheng’s throat and extended out from his mouth like a python.


 Besides this, there were vines growing out from his ears and nostrils.


 Soon, vines grew out from every pore on his skin; Fang Zheng had thoroughly turned into nourishment for the demon flowers, his body was cut open everywhere, there was nothing remaining of his original appearance, just like a flower statue that had been tastefully trimmed.


 “Brat....” Looking at Fang Zheng transforming into this miserable appearance, Lord Sky Crane’s original anxiety and nervousness disappeared. He felt a bleak emptiness that spread to the depths of his heart, it was extremely unbearable.


 This unbearable feeling soon turned into a heavy guilt that filled Lord Sky Crane’s mind.


 “Brat, master... has done you an injustice!” Lord Sky Crane’s soul, which was stored in the spirit incubating flea, was unexpectedly letting out drops of soul tears!


 “Hmm? He Feng Yang’s arrangements have been activated.” In the depths of Fu Hu blessed land, Immortal Crane Sect’s third supreme elder slowly opened his eyes and mumbled.


 He thought of the matter that He Feng Yang had specially requested of him before he left.


 The third elder, Lord Tiger Demon, used his immortal essence to activate an Immortal Gu that gracefully flew out of the hall.


 This Immortal Gu was not Lord Tiger Demon’s, but had been borrowed by He Feng Yang from Lady Sang Xin. It was a rank six information path Immortal Gu – Mutual Sense.


 In ten or so breaths of time, the Immortal Gu descended down to over the blood pool, above Fang Zheng.


 “This is — Immortal Gu?!” Lord Sky Crane’s eyes opened wide in shock.


 Mutual sense Immortal Gu let out a grey light pillar, the smoke-like light pillar covered Fang Zheng. Several breaths later, the grey light pillar was dyed red with Fang Zheng’s blood.


 “Where... is this?” Fang Zheng’s remaining consciousness surveyed his surroundings.


 It was darkness around him, no matter where he walked and no matter how far, the surroundings were still covered in deep and boundless darkness.


 However, right at this time, a blood-red light speck appeared ahead of Fang Zheng.


 “Ah? That is....” Fang Zheng tried walking towards the light; when he reached closer, he sensed a familiar aura from the blood-red light speck, “This is older brother’s, no, Fang Yuan’s aura! Master, master, do you hear me, I have succeeded! I finally sensed him!”


 Fang Zheng was extremely excited and tried to speak, but no words came out.


 His mouth was opened so wide that it had almost deformed, it was being held in place by the thick demon flower vines. But a joyful teardrop fell down from the corner of his eye.


 This tear fiercely shook Lord Sky Crane’s soul, he sank down into deathly silence.


 Fang Zheng approached the blood-red light speck, suddenly the light speck let out an extremely powerful suction force that completely caught Fang Zheng off-guard, absorbing his remaining consciousness.


 At this moment, in Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan gave a sound of surprise and slowly opened his eyes.


 He sensed a blood pool, sensed Fang Zheng’s body, sensed the lush, enchanting failed blood demon flowers, sensed the spirit incubating flea, sensed the information path mutual sense Immortal Gu above....


 “So it is like this.” Fang Yuan sneered, “My cute little brother, you are finally going to die? No, in the words of the righteous path, you are sacrificing yourself for the group? Hahaha.”


 “What happened?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng, who was sitting to the side, saw Fang Yuan suddenly speaking and immediately questioned.


 At the other side from him were Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, who similarly casted inquiring gazes at Fang Yuan.


 “Such a coincidence, I had invited you guys to talk about guts Gu business, but it seems Immortal Crane Sect is making an attack.” Fang Yuan smiled. He then intentionally lowered his eyes and waved his hand, “The other side used my own little brother and used the Immortal Gu, Mutual Sense, to get my location. Everyone, first leave Dang Hun palace and lie in ambush. My senior brother will explain the details to you.”


 Immortal Gu Mutual Sense could allow two parties to sense each other’s situation.


 At this moment, Fang Zheng and Fang Yuan had sensed each other’s situation through blood sense Gu and mutual sense Immortal Gu.


 Naturally, because of the difference in strength between the two sides, Fang Yuan was able to sense everything about Fang Zheng while Fang Zheng could only see things through Fang Yuan’s eyes. His perception was limited and he was not even able to sense the immortal aperture inside Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan glanced at each other, and saw the heavy mood in the other’s eyes.


 They were hindered by the Snowy Mountain Alliance and could not easily avoid this, they could only brace themselves to fight alongside Fang Yuan.


 On Tian Ti mountain, He Feng Yang, who was sitting on a white cloud cushion Gu, suddenly opened his eyes.


 “The time is ripe!” A sharp light burst out of his eyes as he took out an Immortal Gu.


 “Expand space Immortal Gu.” Fairy Cang Yu softly breathed out when she saw the Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu belonged to Immortal Crane Sect’s second supreme elder, its ability was to expand the space of a blessed land. He Feng Yang had borrowed it to use it as the core of an immortal killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Force Intrusion!


 Over ten beads of green grape immortal essence were spent in an instant. An enormous aura rose up and formed translucent ripples in the air.


 Crack...


 Like the sound of glass breaking, space broke apart in front of He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu, revealing the terrain of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 He Feng Yang leisurely stored expand space Immortal Gu before glancing at Fairy Cang Yu and inviting in a gentlemanly voice: “Fairy, please enter.”


 Fairy Cang Yu delicately laughed before stepping forward in the direction of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Suddenly, lightning struck towards her!



***
Chapter 700 - Attacking Hu Immortal blessed land (3\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fairy Cang Yu’s mind was immediately alerted.


 The flash of lightning came quickly, it tore through the air and emitting a crackling sound like that of sparks.


 “Even though there are many Gu Immortals present, our sect had won in our scheme earlier, according to the rules, the other nine great ancient sects can merely observe this. If they are not from the nine sects, which demonic path Gu Immortal would dare to take a risk and mess with Immortal Crane Sect?”


 In an instant, Fairy Cang Yu’s mind was flashing with thoughts.


 At the same time, her fingers did not slow down, her ten dainty fingers were fluttering around, about to activate a killer move to strike back.


 But at the next moment, He Feng Yang stopped her: “Fairy, wait.”


 Saying this, he pulled Fairy Cang Yu to one side, while opening up the hole leading to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The flash of lightning ignored the two of them, it entered Hu Immortal blessed land through this hole.


 Using this time, Fairy Cang Yu saw the lightning’s true identity: “This is the earthly calamity — Blue Charm Lightning Shadow?”


 He Feng Yang laughed plainly: “This is an earthly calamity targeting Hu Immortal blessed land, after Fang Yuan discarded a huge portion of Hu Immortal blessed land, he sent it out of the blessed land. To think that this blue charm lightning shadow did not vanish, instead it had been hiding on Tian Ti mountain.”


 “Great. Blue charm lightning shadow has good battle strength, about the mid-tier of rank six. With it leading from the front, we would have an easier time.” Fairy Cang Yu’s brows eased, she started smiling.


 “Fang Yuan has decisiveness, he really is quite impressive, directly discarding close to a quarter of the blessed land. But his strength is simply too low, no matter how much he plots, it is useless.”


 He Feng Yang sighed, entering Hu Immortal blessed land along with Fairy Cang Yu.


 Once they got in, a wave of heavenly power descended on them, sealing all of the mortal Gu in their hands.


 But immediately after, He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu’s bodies shone with an orange and yellow light.


 This was the effect of the rank seven one’s own way Immortal Gu, it could prevent their mortal Gu from being suppressed, and let them be activated normally.


 Fairy Cang Yu shut her eyes, after a few breaths, she opened them again: “We are at the west area of Hu Immortal blessed land, the blue charm lightning shadow has already gone to the center of the blessed land, towards Dang Hun mountain.”


 He Feng Yang nodded: “As I expected, within Hu Immortal blessed land, the safest place is Dang Hun mountain. The blue charm lightning shadow’s first target is the blessed land’s owner. Back then, Hu Immortal was caught off guard and killed by the blue charm lightning shadow. Since it is heading for Dang Hun mountain, that means Fang Yuan is hiding inside Dang Hun mountain, let’s go there.”


 “Okay. I’ve always wanted to see what the legendary Dang Hun mountain looks like.” Fairy Cang Yu laughed lightly.


 “With the blue charm lightning shadow leading the way, we can also see what kind of ambush the enemy has prepared.” He Feng Yang said, activating expand space Immortal Gu, using another immortal killer move as the hole behind him closed in the blessed land.


 “That’s the immortal killer move, force closure.”


 “Immortal Crane Sect is so petty, they are not letting us watch.”


 “In this battle, if Immortal Crane Sect fails, whether the door is closed or not, we will take over. If Immortal Crane Sect wins, whether the door opens or not, we will leave. Letting us watch would not affect anything.”


 “Hmph, they are projecting their own shortcomings onto others. Did they really think we would act out of greed?”


 Outside, on Tian Ti mountain, the Gu Immortals from central continent’s other nine great sects were conversing using their divine senses.


 “Bi Weng, how high do you think Immortal Crane Sect’s chance of succeeding is?” Gu Immortal Zhang Wen Jiu asked casually.


 “Relatively high. Even though we have been obstructing them in secret, causing them to only send two Gu Immortals in the end to take back Hu Immortal blessed land, they still have the battle strength of two Gu Immortals and now the blue charm lightning shadow. Fang Yuan who controls Hu Immortal blessed land is a mere mortal, how can he block Immortal Crane Sect?” Bi Weng answered.


 “That’s not what I think. According to the investigation of us, Spirit Butterfly Valley, Fang Yuan had refined Fixed Immortal Travel in Three Kings blessed land, and came here alone. How is that possible? As a mortal, how could he refine an Immortal Gu, how could he have an image of Hu Immortal blessed land’s scenery? Behind him, there is definitely a mastermind. Since the other party dared to snatch Hu Immortal blessed land from the ten ancient sects, I am sure they have the battle strength to protect it. Maybe, they might be able to resist Immortal Crane Sect’s attack?” Rainbow Butterfly Immortal Concubine Han Cai Xin said.


 “Immortal Concubine also does not speak without reason.” Gu Immortal Du Teng laughed: “If Immortal Crane Sect fails, do we have a competition to decide the victor or choose to have an agreement among the ten sects first before striking?”


 This was a crucial problem, the Gu Immortals from the nine sects fell into silence.


 “Of course we’ll discuss it in detail another day. We are the ten great ancient sects, not rabid dogs scavenging for food.” Myriad Dragon Dock’s Gu Immortal Guan Cao Ze immediately said.


 Among the Gu Immortals present, Guan Cao Ze had the lowest battle strength. If they battled, he would be at the greatest disadvantage.


 “This is inappropriate, this is inappropriate.” Green Canary Boy shook his head.


 “We should strike while the iron is hot, this is just a blessed land, we should decide on it today and not waste more time!” Great Lord Lie Yang pretended to be unaware.


 “Strange, didn’t Vicious Lightning Fiend of your Myriad Dragon Dock just end his closed cultivation? Why would you be sent here for this contest for Hu Immortal blessed land?” Poison Count Lu Xu laughed coldly as he pointed out Guan Cao Ze’s weakness.


 The Gu Immortals quickly formed a consensus, if Immortal Crane Sect failed, they would have a competition to decide who the blessed land belongs to. If Immortal Crane Sect won, they would also have a competition, the sect that places first would have priority in reaching an agreement with Immortal Crane Sect for the guts Gu.


 Guts Gu could raise the foundation of a sect, it was even useful to Gu Immortals. Any sect would not be able to take it solely for themselves, when the other nine sects exert pressure, they would be forced to sell it.


 “You guys...” Guan Cao Ze was fuming on the outside, but he was snickering on the inside.


 At the same time as the discussion between the Gu Immortals of the nine sects, within Hu Immortal blessed land, He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu were slowly flying towards Dang Hun mountain.


 “This is a blood pool?” Halfway there, He Feng Yang gave a curious gaze.


 He found that within Hu Immortal blessed land, there was a huge blood pool, it was so huge it could be called a blood lake.


 “Hmph, another blood path scoundrel!” Fairy Cang Yu frowned, saying in a despising tone.


 “Blood path cultivators harm all living beings in this world, as it can allow them to raise their battle strength. This is the reason why countless Gu Masters choose this path! Every ten years, Heavenly Court would issue the Demon Judgment Board, and many blood path Gu Masters would be on it. Blood Sea Ancestor, he truly caused much harm to the world!” He Feng Yang criticized, thrusting with his palm as a jade lightning ball flew towards it.


 Boom boom boom.


 After a series of explosions, the blood pool was destroyed, turning into ruins.


 After destroying the blood pool, the two immortals continued to fly towards Dang Hun mountain.


 On the way, Fairy Cang Yu shook her head: “This Hu Immortal blessed land is managed too poorly, it is almost completely desolate. I’ve heard that this place had large groups of foxes in the past, but now, after flying for so long, we have not seen a single myriad fox group.”


 “There are few fox groups, but there are surely a lot of rockmen. Fang Yuan is a mortal after all, he only knows how to use guts Gu to increase the production of rockmen. But he does not know that he is pursuing tiny gains while discarding the foundations. Hu Immortal was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, enslavement path was the main law in her blessed land, it is best for rearing fox groups.” He Feng Yang laughed in disdain.


 “Hu Immortal blessed land is truly wasted in his hands. Once it is in our sect, Hu Immortal blessed land will develop greatly, but I wonder who in the sect would be its owner.” Fairy Cang Yu sighed.


 Hearing that, He Feng Yang sighed: “According to the rules, after we recover it, Hu Immortal blessed land would be a public blessed land of Immortal Crane Sect, we would only have a limited time in operating it after getting it. But this managing right is also extremely lucrative. After all, the center of the blessed land is Dang Hun mountain, it is a gold mine!”


 “The scariest part is that this gold mine will never run out.” Fairy Cang Yu nodded in agreement.


 The two of them talked along the way, not facing any obstruction. This raised their confidence that the blessed land was in terrible shape.


 They started to fly faster, and when they were in front of Dang Hun mountain, they were already talking about ‘what they would do when Dang Hun mountain belongs to them’.


 In the air above Dang Hun mountain, the blue charm lightning shadow was shrieking and charging, attacking Dang Hun mountain.


 But though it was formed from an earthly calamity, it had life as well, Dang Hun mountain’s vibration could attack its soul, its weakness.


 “Fang Yuan, come out. You should know that Dang Hun mountain can only block the blue charm lightning shadow because it has no Gu worms. Even if you raise Dang Hun mountain’s power to its limits, you cannot block two Gu Immortals.” He Feng Yang shouted, his voice could pierce through heaven and earth.


 “Fang Yuan, a wise man submits to circumstances, I am sure the land spirit is beside you now. Then you should know that Hu Immortal blessed land cannot seal our mortal Gu. Furthermore, we’ve brought an Immortal Gu!” Fairy Cang Yu followed up, pressuring Fang Yuan.


 Thus, Fang Yuan walked out, standing on Dang Hun mountain’s peak.


 He Feng Yang’s heart tightened, but he quickly relaxed. This was a rank six immortal zombie, immortal zombies had great weaknesses, they could not produce immortal essence and their blessed land would shrivel and break apart at set intervals, thus their battle strength was usually below ordinary Gu Immortals.


 “Immortal Crane Sect has finally lost their patience? You want my blessed land, aren’t you afraid I will destroy Dang Hun mountain?” Fang Yuan said.


 “You are... Fang Yuan?” He Feng Yang squinted, he found it unbelievable. Only a year had passed, how could Fang Yuan become an immortal zombie?!


 While He Feng Yang was suspicious and confused, Fairy Cang Yu spoke beside him, smiling: “We came prepared, of course, how could we allow you to destroy Dang Hun mountain? If you think using Dang Hun mountain could threaten us, then you are very much mistaken. Oh, that’s right, we can even reduce Dang Hun mountain’s pressure until it is insignificant. By then, we would not need to strike, this blue charm lightning shadow alone can kill you.”


 Fang Yuan looked at the blue charm lightning shadow in the air, this human shaped lightning was growling non-stop, charging towards Dang Hun mountain but was forced back each time by the intense vibrations.


 Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh.


 Fairy Cang Yu thought that this was a chance, and continued: “As long as you give up the ownership of the blessed land, we can forget past matters, and even accept you as a disciple of our sect!”


 “But I remember, Immortal Crane Sect promised to give me the position of an elder back then?” Fang Yuan retorted.


 He Feng Yang laughed coldly: “Times have changed, Fang Yuan, you are a smart man, can’t you see the circumstances now?”


 Fang Yuan heard this and he smirked: “Oh? The circumstances now... oh, let me have a good look.”


 Just after he said this, the aura of Immortal Gu burst out in his body.


 “This, this is?!” Fairy Cang Yu’s beautiful face transformed.


 “Immortal Gu, so many Immortal Gu!” He Feng Yang could not tell which Immortal Gu they were, but the aura would not lie to him, his eyes were burning with an intense light of greed.


 But at the next moment, three figures appeared around Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Fairy Li Shan!


 Two rank six, one rank seven!


 Not only that, each of them gave off an intense Immortal Gu aura, not concealing it at all.


 Fairy Cang Yu’s complexion changed.


 He Feng Yang’s greedy gaze also turned into one of uncontrollable shock!


 Fang Yuan’s force was so powerful it was out of his imagination.


 Next, one, two, three... six, seven, eight beast figures flew out from Dang Hun mountain and arrived in eight surrounding directions.


 Ice spike divine ape, phoenix feather lava crocodile, golden sand dark stallion, azure dragon vine... eight desolate beasts formed an encirclement.


 “This is a trap!” He Feng Yang growled, his body shuddering.


 Fairy Cang Yu suddenly felt outnumbered, her face turned pale and she was speechless.


 Even the blue charm lightning shadow in the air stopped its angry growl.


 Fang Yuan’s plain voice came from Dang Hun mountain once again: “Oh, I have seen the current circumstances very clearly now, but the question is, have you?”



***
Chapter 701 - Rank Three Airsac Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eight desolate beasts encircled closer to He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu.


 “They are all real.” Fairy Cang Yu had extremely outstanding investigative methods to check the situation, but the result caused her pretty face to blanch further.


 He Feng Yang looked around him and saw —


 To the east was an ice spike divine ape whose bulk was only somewhat inferior to Dang Hun mountain; a tyrannical aura spread out from it and as it moved, it left behind a pure white icy trail. The fur on its whole body were like ice cones which brought a stifling pressure upon the two Immortals. The sclera of its eyes were jade green, while its pupils had a frost blue luster. This represented the dense bloodline in this ice spike divine ape. If the eyeballs were completely frost blue in color, that would be the ancient desolate beast, icefall divine ape, whose battle strength was comparable to a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 To the west floated a phoenix feather lava crocodile. This crocodile was two to three times the size of ordinary crocodiles and could not compare to the enormously huge ice spike divine ape, yet its aura surged mightily. Its every breath brought a scalding hot heat wave. Its brownish-red scale armor was thick and robust, and its slender tail was over six meters long. It did not have any scales on its back but instead had colorful phoenix feathers that resembled blazing lava.


 To the north stood a proud golden sand dark stallion. This horse was huge, its size reaching the chest of the ice spike divine ape. It had six legs that looked like they were cast from metal, its muscles were bulging, its posture was proud and aloof like a dragon, and its whole body shone with a golden luster. Only the six hooves were pitch black.


 The south side was entrenched by an azure dragon vine. This vine was not a wild beast, strictly speaking, but a plant. The vines had condensed into a dragon shape and when its roots were pierced into the soil, its defensive and regenerative powers were extremely terrifying, thus it specialized in battles of attrition. If it pulled out the roots, it could soar in the sky like an azure dragon.


 On the southeast side was a swamp crab. It was the king of swampy terrain. Its broad, mountain-like body could reach up to a quarter of Dang Hun mountain’s height when standing. Its eyes had degenerated till they were nonexistent, and its shell was so thick that He Feng Yang felt a powerless sensation, like he was facing a tortoise shell. It had altogether nineteen pairs of legs and its front pair of pincers could easily crush boulders and cut dragons, even Fang Yuan with his immortal zombie body did not dare to test the might of this pair of pincers.


 A peach wolf was crouching down on the northeast. This wolf had the smallest size, the same as that of a newborn puppy. It looked extremely good natured and cute with its round body, plump claws, pink tongue and round dark eyes. Judging from appearance, it seemed to be harmless to both man and beast, however, He Feng Yang’s pupils shrunk and if he had to choose a direction to break through, he would avoid this one outright!


 An iron crown eagle circled over the northwest side. This eagle gave off a valiant and imposing aura as it hovered in the air, its eyes locked onto He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu. Its wings were broad and thick, and each of its feathers could be shot out like sharp arrows. Its claws were firm and savage, able to crush boulders and rip apart dragons and tigers.


 Finally on the southwest side stood an earth chief desolate beast. It had a humanoid body with a snake tail, its face resembled a bat’s and its nose was pointed up. It had large ears and was black all over, with armor made of flesh covering it. Around its chest were fifty to sixty fleshy whips, each over twenty meters in length. There were suction organs on the surface of the fleshy whips; it would be hard to free oneself if someone was entangled by them. At the front of each fleshy whip was a chrysanthemum-like orifice which could shoot out a white milky fluid at the crucial moment; the fluid had very high corrosiveness and contained extremely large numbers of parasitic worms, which could drill into the pores of people and wreak havoc from inside the body.


 Fang Yuan had borrowed these eight desolate beasts from Lang Ya land spirit.


 More accurately, it should be said that Fang Yuan borrowed Lang Ya land spirit’s rank seven beast enslavement Gu. This Immortal Gu could subdue all kinds of wild beasts, including mutated beasts, myriad beast kings, beast emperors, even desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 Desolate beasts had the power of a rank six Gu Immortal and could be very difficult to deal with when the wild Gu residing on them were unknown.


 Eight desolate beasts encircled He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu, eying them with greed.


 The two sank into silence with no signs of a leisurely attitude like before.


 He Feng Yang turned his heavy gaze towards the peak of Dang Hun mountain. Compared to the eight desolate beasts, the true threat was still Fang Yuan and the other three immortals.


 Almost no desolate beasts could use killer moves, but Gu Immortals had ample wisdom to use and research killer moves.


 He Feng Yang’s heart had sunken to rock bottom, he forcibly calmed down and shouted towards Fang Yuan: “Who are all of you?”


 Except Fang Yuan, the other three immortals were wearing masks; Hei Lou Lan wore a black bear mask, Fairy Li Shan wore a blue bird mask, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng wore a deer mask. The three were also shrouded in a layer of light that concealed their true appearance, hiding it from the investigative methods of He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “Before asking us of our identities, shouldn’t you two introduce yourselves first?”


 He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu silently glanced at each other, and saw the bitter look in each other’s eyes.


 They had thought this trip would be simple, and at worst, they thought the other side would possess a Gu Immortal’s battle strength. However, they absolutely had not anticipated the enemy force would be this strong!


 Thus, they had been arrogant and directly requested Fang Yuan to surrender without giving self-introductions.


 “My name is He Feng Yang, a rank six enslavement path Gu Immortal of Immortal Crane Sect.”


 “I am Cang Yu, a rank six water path Gu Immortal of Immortal Crane Sect.”


 The two introduced themselves one after the other, their attitude was no longer as overbearing as earlier, they were behaving very humbly at the moment.


 A wise man submits to circumstances, those who could become Gu Immortals were outstanding people. At present, Fang Yuan had an imposing force, He Feng Yang and Cang Yu decisively lowered their high heads.


 It might be easy to defeat Gu Immortals but killing them was difficult. He Feng Yang could use expand space Immortal Gu to tear a hole in Hu Immortal blessed land’s space and escape. However, they did not know Fang Yuan’s abilities, if Fang Yuan had an Immortal Gu that could prevent their escape, the situation would become dangerous.


 “So it is brother He and Fairy Cang Yu.” Fang Yuan’s tone was polite, “I am Fang Yuan and I welcome you two as guests in my blessed land.”


 These polite words felt grating when He Feng Yang and Cang Yu heard them, it was full of sarcasm.


 He Feng Yang could not help but feel stifled.


 What he had asked for was clearly these people’s true identities, but Fang Yuan played dumb and gave an irrelevant answer by only replying with his name.


 Right now, who in Central Continent’s ten great sects would not know of his name?


 Fang Yuan intentionally avoided this topic, and He Feng Yang, as the weaker side, did not dare to pursue it.


 “I wonder what both of you are here for?” Fang Yuan asked.


 He Feng Yang was silent, but inwardly he was screaming insults: ‘What else could we come for? It is to take Hu Immortal blessed land and capture Dang Hun mountain. This brat, asking when he already knows!’


 Fairy Cang Yu snorted: “Why is sir speaking in such a weird and sarcastic tone? Sir’s power surpassed everyone’s imagination, when did such a force appear in Central Continent? Today was our loss, sir’s planning skills are indeed excellent and have fully controlled the situation. Now what should we do? If you want to battle, then let us begin, why waste time chit-chatting? We will battle to the end if you wish to, in the worst case, our blood will splatter all over and we will perish here.”


 Fang Yuan could not help but take another look at Fairy Cang Yu upon hearing these words, shortly afterwards he smiled: “Fairy, you are quite brave, I am filled with admiration. I can roughly guess your intentions in coming here, it should be for Dang Hun mountain’s guts Gu, right?”


 “You are right.” He Feng Yang frankly admitted. Under the circumstances, he had no choice but to admit it, the scheme which he had painstakingly devised and prepared for over a year in order to capture Hu Immortal blessed land had already completely failed.


 However, right at this time, he could not help but have some hope: ‘If Fang Yuan wanted to battle, he should have started already. But he has been talking up to this point, it seems he is afraid of Immortal Crane Sect, as long as I use this correctly, maybe we can escape without any accidents.’


 Fang Yuan suddenly clapped and smiled: “You two came in at just the right time, I had already been thinking of selling guts Gu. What do you think of this Gu?”


 A rank three Gu worm flew out of his hand.


 The Gu worm slowly flew under the gazes of six Gu Immortals, eight desolate beasts as well as the blue charm lightning shadow, and landed in He Feng Yang’s hand.


 He Feng Yang was uncertain and worried of Fang Yuan’s scheme as he carefully accepted this mortal Gu.


 This rank three Gu worm resembled a ladybug. It was the size of a large bowl, its head was extremely small while its stomach was so big that it occupied ninety-nine percent of its body.


 Its stomach was round like a lamp bulb and was translucent. It did not have a carapace on its back and also did not have wings.


 In its translucent stomach, there was a Gu.


 “A Gu within a Gu?” Fairy Cang Yu softly mumbled.


 This rank three mortal Gu was clearly a storage Gu worm, particularly with the purpose of storing Gu worms. These types of storage Gu worms were extremely common, it included examples like Earth Treasury Flower.


 However, the Gu worm inside the belly made He Feng Yang’s gaze fix on it as if it was glued. He then said with uncertain eyes: “This Gu inside... could it be guts Gu?”


 Fang Yuan gave a bright smile: “That is exactly right!”


 “What?” Fairy Cang Yu’s beautiful eyes widened in astonishment.


 She might know very little about guts Gu, but she knew guts Gu could not be taken out of Dang Hun mountain; if taken out, they would dissipate.


 It was because of this that Fang Yuan was not willing to trade guts Gu before. Because if others wanted to use guts Gu, they would have to personally come to Dang Hun mountain. And letting so many outsiders enter Hu Immortal blessed land would no doubt be a huge threat to Fang Yuan’s life.


 This was the reason central continent’s ten great ancient sects wanted to seize Dang Hun mountain. Guts Gu could not be taken out of Dang Hun mountain, thus taking control of Dang Hun mountain meant being in control of guts Gu.


 However, the fact right in front on them showed that guts Gu could actually be stored and taken out of Dang Hun mountain.


 Fairy Cang Yu soon recognized how much significance this unremarkable ladybug-like Gu worm carried; for a moment, her eyes were tightly affixed to it.


 “This Gu worm, what is its name?” He Feng Yang looked up at Fang Yuan and asked with a slightly trembling tone.


 Fang Yuan had in truth not thought of a name, and casually named it at this moment: “Airsac Gu.”


 He Feng Yang sank into silence.


 In an instant, he thought of many things.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s higher ups had also made these attempts. Back then, many Gu Immortals had participated but it ended up in failure.


 Now, success was in He Feng Yang’s hand.


 He Feng Yang’s hands shivered slightly.


 ‘If guts Gu could be taken out of Dang Hun mountain and exported to all places, treasure yellow heaven, Hai Shi blessed land, Central Continent, Southern Border, Northern Plains... how big of a profit would this be?’


 ‘Something that even our Immortal Crane Sect could not research was successfully accomplished by the force behind Fang Yuan. What are their origins? Maybe they had planned for a long time and thought of every means to capture Hu Immortal blessed land, in order to engage in the business of guts Gu!’


 ‘Fang Yuan did not attack, could it be that he wants to... with our Immortal Crane Sect...’


 He Feng Yang was still considering when Fang Yuan spoke: “Since both guests are interested in my guts Gu, what do you think of doing this transaction?”


 He Feng Yang’s heart wavered!



***
Chapter 702 - Accident, Assault of a Mysterious Gu Immortal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s suggestion moved He Feng Yang’s heart.


 When Fang Yuan launched the ambush and encircled He Feng Yang, he had thought that this operation was going to end in failure. In the best case scenario, he would use expand space Immortal Gu and break out of the encirclement forcefully after sustaining huge injuries.


 Even if he consumed a lot of immortal essence during the process of escaping, he could not care about it. After all, comparing immortal essence and his life, the latter was much more important.


 After returning to Immortal Crane Sect, He Feng Yang’s life would definitely go downhill.


 Immortal Crane Sect placed such great expectations on him, and he had even prepared for over a year, but he ended up failing. His rival, Gu Immortal Lei Tan, would definitely seek him out to mock him personally when he hears the news!


 Second supreme elder would be utterly disappointed with him, and He Feng Yang might not be able to lift his head for several years after that. This loss could be a lifelong blemish, solely with just this failure, he would be mocked by countless people in the dark forever.


 If he could establish the deal with Fang Yuan for guts Gu, to He Feng Yang, that would be many times better than breaking through the encirclement.


 He Feng Yang assessed in his heart: “Hu Immortal blessed land has four Gu Immortals and eight desolate beasts, together with the territorial advantage, they are as secure as a fortress! Even though any of the ten great ancient sects have the capability to take this on, that is only speaking of capability. They might not be able to gather so many Gu Immortals here. Even if they could send Gu Immortals to attack Hu Immortal blessed land, a battle between Gu Immortals will expend a great amount of immortal essence and other resources.”


 “Even if they could get enough manpower and invest a lot into this battle, the other party also has Gu Immortals and can easily destroy Dang Hun mountain. By then, even if Hu Immortal blessed land was obtained, it would all be for nothing.”


 In the outside world, Great Heavenly Sword Sect had three Gu Immortals, and could attempt to leave one of the ten great ancient sects, Immortal Crane Sect.


 This was because to deal with three Gu Immortals, the resources and manpower needed were something Immortal Crane Sect needed to consider. If they failed, not only would they suffer a loss in their reputation, this huge loss might also cause unrest within the sect, and trigger other problems.


 Gu Immortals were easy to defeat, but they were hard to kill. Why would anyone who could reach this stage not have any means or trump cards to escape?


 If they failed to kill him, they would utterly offend a Gu Immortal. A Gu Immortal that is holding grudges may cause trouble to mortals, with Immortal Crane Sect’s huge size and wide range of assets, they would have to salvage the situation everywhere.


 Now that Fang Yuan has displayed such a force, Immortal Crane Sect alone could no longer attack forcefully, unless the other sects cooperated with them. But if they cooperated, there would be issues in many aspects, regarding the allocation of benefits.


 If He Feng Yang agrees to cooperate with Fang Yuan, they would establish trade for guts Gu, this result was not an utter failure.


 That was because Immortal Crane Sect’s main objective in taking down Hu Immortal blessed land was for the guts Gu.


 Using the smallest price to obtain the biggest benefits, this was the issue that all of the supreme elders in Immortal Crane Sect were concerned about.


 Before this, Immortal Crane Sect had already requested for Fang Yuan to initiate the sales of guts Gu.


 “If we could establish a trade with the other party, I would not need to force my way out and risk injury, I can save a lot of immortal essence and have a proper justification when I return to the sect.” He Feng Yang considered this option.


 Fang Yuan observed his expression, even though He Feng Yang was a shrewd man and did not show emotions on his face, he was clearly moved due to how long he was considering this for.


 Thus, Fang Yuan continued: “A hundred of my guts Gu will sell for one immortal essence stone in treasure yellow heaven. I will sell a hundred and twenty guts Gu to Immortal Crane Sect for each immortal essence stone. However, in return, I want your Immortal Crane Sect to acknowledge my Hu Immortal blessed land as your sect’s subsidiary force. Furthermore, this subsidiary can detach from you at any time.”


 As long as he had this identity, the other nine great ancient sects would not be able to deal with Fang Yuan without involving Immortal Crane Sect. These were the rules of the righteous path, it was like making Immortal Crane Sect the big boss, while Hu Immortal blessed land was the lackey, you would need to ask the boss before hitting his lackeys.


 He Feng Yang smiled insincerely as he spoke: “Fang Yuan, are you thinking of using my sect as your protection? With your force, you can definitely establish your own sect, right?”


 “Nobody can set up a sect on Tian Ti mountain. I have no intention to leave this valuable spot.” Fang Yuan laughed.


 Tian Ti mountain had directly connected to Heavenly Court, even Gu Immortals did not dare to fight on this mountain. If Immortal Crane Sect did not declare Fang Yuan as a sect traitor and hold perfect reason to take him down, they would not dare to attack Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Furthermore, Hu Immortal blessed land becoming Immortal Crane Sect’s subsidiary will also account for your sect’s reputation, right?” Fang Yuan continued.


 He Feng Yang fell into silence again.


 A long while later, he sighed out: “This matter is very important, I cannot be in charge of the decision, allow me to return and report to the sect.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “It would be best if brother He goes and explains it. But Fairy Cang Yu would need to remain as a guest here for a while longer.”


 He Feng Yang and Cang Yu made eye contact.


 Fairy Cang Yu said: “Lord Feng Yang, go ahead and return, I will wait here.”


 “I will return quickly.” He Feng Yang nodded solemnly at her, before looking deeply at Fang Yuan and his gang.


 He wanted to engrave these people into the depths of his heart.


 “Land spirit, open the door and let brother He out.” Fang Yuan said with a concerned tone.


 “Yes, master.” Little Hu Immortal quickly replied.


 On Tian Ti mountain, a brilliant white gold light formed.


 In the light, a bright red door appeared, it was over thirty meters tall, and there was a rainbow colored plaque. Pink clouds gathered as the aurora condensed into a flight of stairs of light.


 He Feng Yang came out of the door, when he left, it was through the proper exit of the blessed land.


 This action quickly attracted the attention of the Gu Immortals of the other nine great sects.


 They started to converse.


 “He’s out!”


 “So fast? Don’t tell me there was no resistance at all?”


 “When He Feng Yang entered, he used the expand space Immortal Gu, but when he came out, it was through the main entrance. This is proof that he succeeded.”


 “Something’s wrong, look at his face, there is no joy of victory, he looks more calm and composed instead.”


 Even though they were suspicious, none of them asked him directly.


 This was a hidden contest between the ten great sects, a direct confrontation was damaging to their reputations.


 He Feng Yang could not care about their feelings, he only wanted to return to Fei He mountain, to report this matter.


 He flew quickly, traveling far from Tian Ti mountain in a moment’s time.


 He Feng Yang’s brows were locked, he was indignant and suspicious: “Where did Fang Yuan’s force come from? Other than Fang Yuan, the other three immortals all covered their faces with masks, and used Gu worms to block investigative methods, they evidently do not want to expose their identities. Why is that?”


 “Don’t tell me they are Gu Immortals from the other nine sects? They did not want our sect to obtain Dang Hun mountain, thus they secretly colluded with Fang Yuan beforehand?”


 The moment he thought of this, He Feng Yang rejected this possibility.


 Paper could not cover up a fire, secrets were temporary and would be outed, the nine great sects would not do such a thing, it was against the demeanor of one of the great sects.


 “Then, are they Gu Immortals gathered from Central Continent’s smaller sects?” He Feng Yang thought.


 Central Continent had countless sects, other than the ten great ancient sects, there were large sized sects, middle sized sects, small sized sects, and mini sects. There were untold numbers of sects, within them, there naturally were some Gu Immortals.


 If it had been them, then these Gu Immortal would all have foundations in Central Continent, to prevent their home sect from being suppressed or troubled by the ancient sects, they would not want to reveal their identities, that made sense.


 “That’s right, Fang Yuan has the fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu! These people might not be Central Continent Gu Immortals, they might be from other regions. The stronger the Gu Immortal, the harder it is to get past the regional walls. Every once in a while, they have to let out their aperture in the region that they became an immortal to recollect and gather heaven and earth qi to stabilize the blessed land. But with Fixed Immortal Travel, the other party can settle these problems easily!”


 He Feng Yang’s thoughts moved swiftly, he quickly guessed Fang Yuan and the other Gu Immortals’ identities. But he had too little evidence, he could not confirm it.


 “All in all, Hu Immortal blessed land is very mysterious and dangerous, before we find out their secrets, we cannot strike easily. This time, I suffered a huge loss, the root of the problem was that the enemy was in the dark while I was out in the open, we suffered from a lack of intel!”


 He Feng Yang concluded his experience from this incident, but he suddenly stopped in the air.


 “Who is this? You dare to ambush me here!” He Feng Yang quickly became alert, shouting.


 “Hmm, you are very vigilant.” A voice came from somewhere, it was high and low pitched at times, with a hoarse male voice that turned into a crisp female voice. Someone had evidently modified their voice with Gu worms.


 Two figures appeared, one in front and one behind, they blocked He Feng Yang’s paths.


 What changed next was the sky. The bright, shiny and clear sky with no clouds turned dark and eerie, fog became thick as vengeful souls flew all over the place.


 This was a battlefield killer move!


 This was a battlefield environment created to amplify the effects of certain Gu worms.


 This was not something ordinary Gu Immortals could have.


 “I am Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang, both of you are concealing your appearances and acting so secretive, what is your intention?” He Feng Yang shouted.


 The two Gu Immortals before him were masked in a layer of dark light, their appearances could not be seen.


 “So what if you are from Immortal Crane Sect?” The mysterious Gu Immortal in front of him laughed coldly.


 The Gu Immortal behind him said directly: “We will kill you regardless!”


 Just as they said that, the Gu Immortal struck.


 Five fingers spread open and thousands of grey white threads appeared from the palm.


 The threads got close to He Feng Yang, as his heart jumped, this was obviously a mortal killer move designed to trap people. Once he was entangled by these threads, it would be difficult to escape.


 He Feng Yang quickly summoned the crane group.


 Within his immortal aperture, there were large numbers of flying cranes, he brought them with him everywhere and he never lacked any troops.


 The crane groups were huge in numbers, there were iron beak flying cranes, fire pellet cranes, tailwind cranes, cloud mist cranes, stellar light cranes, and illusion lightning cranes all mixed together in perfect harmony, forming a tight formation.


 A desolate beast nine palace crane flew out, crying out and causing the surrounding fog to disperse.


 He Feng Yang stepped onto the nine palace crane’s back, his hair was fluttering as his gaze was like lightning, the anger within him had awakened: “Do you really think I am an easy target? Today, you will taste the fury of the Winged Crane Flying Immortal!”


 As the threads flew to him, the iron beak flying crane group flew out and blocked them with their bodies.


 The other mysterious Gu Immortal puffed up his cheeks and blew out huge flames. These flames were pale green, and in this battlefield, their power was amplified, causing many cranes to fall from the sky after getting burnt.


 He Feng Yang was not to be outdone, he activated his enslavement path killer move.


 Immediately, a group of illusion lightning cranes flew out, shooting lightning bolts that gathered and formed into a pillar, piercing the battlefield. Another group of fire pellet cranes flew out, their bodies covered in flames, burning their enemies.


 Two groups of flying cranes charged towards the two mysterious Gu Immortals like a pair of giant fists.


 Boom boom boom...


 With an intense explosion, the two sides engaged in intense battle!



***
Chapter 703 - Plot within plot, a fatal killer move


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On the battlefield, the intense battle continued.


 A large group of iron beak flying cranes, each with bodies black as steel, they had increased defense and did not fear death, they charged towards the two mysterious Gu Immortals fiercely.


 One of the two mysterious Gu Immortals opened their mouth, as a loud sound came out of it, echoing everywhere.


 This was a sound path killer move!


 The iron beak flying crane group’s formation went into chaos under the effect of the sound, their tight formation became loose and there were many weaknesses exposed.


 “Go!” The other mysterious Gu Immortal saw a chance and grabbed the other person’s limb, the two of them turning into two lumps of grey white flames, piercing the iron beak flying cranes’ formation and moving towards He Feng Yang.


 Against an enslavement path Gu Immortal, one should not fight intensely with their beast group, taking down the enslavement Gu Immortal was the proper battle tactic.


 He Feng Yang saw that the enemy was approaching, not only was he not anxious, he showed a cold smile: “You fell into my trap.”


 He took out a five hole jade flute Gu, placing it near his mouth and started playing the flute. He looked like a green clothed young man, but he was actually the lord of myriads of beasts. His sleeves fluttered in the air despite having no wind, his eyes burst out with a lively brilliance.


 Enslavement path killer move — Eight Sided Ambush!


 Tens of thousands of flying cranes moved with his music, groups of invisible cranes that had hidden their figures exposed themselves, encircling the two mysterious Gu Immortals tightly.


 He Feng Yang purposely left behind an empty space in the formation around himself, that was a trap to lead his enemies right into it.


 Now that the other party had fallen for it, he did not let them off, as his flute continued to play, three five string zither Gu flew out of his body.


 Amidst the music of the flute, the zither played a crisp tune, turning into another enslavement path killer move — Formation Like Water!


 Innumerable flying cranes flew outward, while countless flying cranes flew towards the center.


 The entire battlefield was like a perfect harmony of churning gears, the scale was massive but orderly, the flying cranes moved fluidly, their formation was changing like the flow of water.


 The two mysterious Gu Immortals were within this formation, they saw the array of flying cranes changing their formation smoothly, they felt like beans in a stone grinder, about to be turned into pulp!


 He Feng Yang continued to blow the flute, safely at the center of the beast group, standing on the back of the desolate crane, he watched the crane group engage with the two mysterious experts.


 He thought in his heart: “Ever since we started fighting, these two have used countless killer moves, ranging from sound path, space path, fire path, wind path, light path, dark path, rule path and more, they were doing this on purpose, they did not want to use their real abilities and expose their identities.”


 When Gu Masters become immortals, according to the foundation of their bodies, as well as the Gu worm used to create their immortal aperture, they would be classified into Gu Immortals of their respective paths. There were fire path Gu Immortals, wind path Gu Immortals, wisdom path Gu Immortals and many others, forming the immortal bodies of the respective paths.


 The immortal body is obtained when a Gu Masters ascends, their body will be modified by the three qi, removing all impurities and elevating the essence of their life itself.


 A wind path immortal body will have the dao marks and comprehension of wind, thus when they use wind path Gu worms, the effect would be greater. A fire path immortal body would be cleansed by the Great Dao in relation to fire, it would be closely connected to fire path, and would cause fire path killer moves to be much more powerful than normal.


 For example, Fang Yuan, although he was an immortal zombie, he was still a strength path Gu Immortal, his body was the strength path immortal body, thus when he used Gu worms and killer moves of other paths, the effects were only ordinary.


 The two mysterious Gu Immortals trying to kill He Feng Yang did not use their real fighting methods, therefore, they were suppressed by him despite outnumbering him two to one.


 “Are you two still trying to conceal your identities? If you do not use your true abilities, you might die here.” He Feng Yang snickered continuously, his voice filled the battlefield.


 The two mysterious Gu Immortals were breathing roughly, the attack of the crane groups were unceasing and furious like a tide, the two of them were tired from dealing with them.


 Like what He Feng Yang said, if the two did not start using their real methods, they would truly get killed soon.


 The two made eye contact as they nodded, making up their minds.


 One of them sighed: “As expected of a reputed righteous sect. The might of the Winged Crane Flying Immortal, I have truly seen it today.”


 The other said: “However, even if we do not use our real capabilities, we can still kill you. He Feng Yang, take a look around you.”


 “Oh?” He Feng Yang’s gaze quickly swept the surroundings.


 Originally, it was a foggy scene, the battlefield was full of crying and anguished screams, but now there was a change.


 Within the lumps of thick fog, dark blue soul beasts were formed. In just a few breaths of time, the number of soul beasts increased greatly, they were equally numbered with He Feng Yang’s crane group.


 “Is this... soul taker battlefield?” He Feng Yang’s heart jumped, he said it subconsciously.


 “Hehehe, Winged Crane Flying Immortal, you are very knowledgeable.” The mysterious Gu Immortals laughed, their voices changing constantly, sounding like male or female at times.


 He Feng Yang’s expression turned grim.


 This soul taker battlefield killer move had a vile reputation, it was very hard to deal with. Living beings who died in this battlefield would have their souls taken and transformed into soul beasts, under the control of the killer move’s user.


 Most importantly, this battlefield killer move’s origin was huge, it was created by one of the ten venerables in history when he was young, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who had the most murderous nature.


 Who were these two mysterious Gu Immortals, they actually had a battlefield killer move, soul taker, that was long lost in history?!


 Once the soul beasts appeared, they started fighting with the crane groups.


 The battle situation changed.


 He Feng Yang quickly manipulated the crane groups, changing formations to defend against the soul beasts. The two mysterious Gu Immortals felt less pressure now, and were able to rush out of the crane groups’ encirclement.


 The size of the soul beasts was the same as the crane group, but they could not defeat the cranes, often, ten soul beasts were sacrificed to kill one crane.


 But He Feng Yang became increasingly alert in his heart, after the soul beasts were shredded into fragments, these fragments could form into new soul beasts in this soul taker battlefield.


 Meanwhile, when a flying crane dies, its soul would be taken by the battlefield, forming a soul beast, becoming part of the enemy’s troops. No matter how high He Feng Yang’s cultivation was, he could not battle with zero casualties. Once he suffered losses, over a long period, the soul beasts would have the upper hand.


 As this dragged on, He Feng Yang’s advantage would dwindle, the crane groups would slowly be taken down by the soul beasts.


 “He Feng Yang, just so you know, we expressed weakness earlier on purpose, to delay for time. Now that the soul taker battlefield has grown to a sizable amount, your enslavement path advantage is gone.”


 “Winged Crane Flying Immortal, today, you will perish here.”


 The two mysterious Gu Immortal worked together.


 Wind path killer move — Tornado Dragon Whip!


 With a wind whip that was hundreds of meters long, one of the Gu Immortals swung, killing countless flying cranes.


 Poison path killer move — Killer Bee Stab!


 Thousands of needles rained down like a torrential storm, the poison on them were very potent, any flying crane that was hit directly died on the spot, their flesh disintegrating.


 The two mysterious Gu Immortals had finally showed their true abilities, one was a wind path Gu Immortal, while the other was a poison path Gu Immortal.


 Large numbers of cranes were exterminated, their souls were extracted by the battlefield, forming new batches of soul beasts.


 “Oh no, the enemy came prepared, they planned for this long ago, I cannot stay here.” He Feng Yang saw this and wanted to retreat.


 Only a fool would want to stay in the soul taker battlefield and fight it out with the enemy.


 “This soul taker battlefield is filled with fog, it is easy to lose one’s direction, it is hard to escape from. But right now, I have expand space Immortal Gu with me, it should not be hard to escape from here.”


 He Feng Yang thought about this and used his divine sense to communicate with a will in his immortal aperture.


 This will was in the form of a burly man, when He Feng Yang left Fei He mountain earlier, it had entered his immortal aperture and had been observing the outside situation using his Gu worms.


 All of He Feng Yang’s experience this time, since he left Fei He mountain, in Hu Immortal blessed land, when he was encircled by Fang Yuan and the others, and after he left Hu Immortal blessed land and was trapped in the soul taker battlefield, attacked by two mysterious Gu Immortals. The will saw it all clearly.


 He Feng Yang requested: “Lord Tiger Demon, please use your immortal killer move once again to break out of the battlefield and escape this place.”


 This will belonged to Immortal Crane Sect’s third supreme elder, Lord Tiger Demon’s anger will.


 He sat in the air, opening his eyes emotionlessly: “You need to know that every time I use force intrusion, my main body will need to expend two red date immortal essence beads.”


 He Feng Yang quickly said: “Junior understand, I will make the appropriate compensation when we return.”


 Tiger Demon’s anger will nodded, not speaking any further. He grabbed with his hand, tossing two red date immortal essence to the expand space Immortal Gu, at the same time, many mortal Gu rose up as well.


 After a while of preparing, He Feng Yang opened his palm, taking out expand space Immortal Gu from his immortal aperture.


 The Immortal Gu was covered in a yellow light, He Feng Yang patted it lightly.


 The yellow light left his hands, breaking apart the soul taker battlefield and creating a hole.


 He Feng Yang was overjoyed, he put back expand space Immortal Gu and the nine palace crane below his feet cried out, flapping its wings and bringing him out of soul taker battlefield.


 Outside the battlefield, it was clear skies with no clouds.


 “Oh no! He actually had expand space Immortal Gu, he’s escaping!”


 “He Feng Yang, don’t run if you have the guts, let us battle for three hundred rounds!”


 The shouts of the two Gu Immortals behind him had a tone of anxiety and panic.


 He Feng Yang laughed heartily, his heart was filled with pride: “Even soul taker battlefield cannot contain me. No matter who you are, ambushing and attempting to kill me, I will remember this. Don’t think I will not find out just because you hid your identity, you used your own killer moves. When I return to the sect, I will investigate, I will definitely find out who you really are! Eh? Oh no!”


 Suddenly, He Feng Yang sensed something amiss, his expression changed.


 He had always been a vigilant person and had great self control, how could his emotions become so overjoyed the moment he left the soul taker battlefield, like he had just won a battle?


 This time, he failed to take back Hu Immortal blessed land, he had let down Lord Tiger Demon’s nurturing and expectations, he should feel downcast instead.


 “Oh no!” An intense warning of danger rose in his heart, He Feng Yang turned around, only to see a Gu Immortal as tiny as a little boy, his body covered in a dark light. He was holding a dagger shaped Gu worm, he was right behind He Feng Yang, less than a foot away.


 A third Gu Immortal!


 There was a third Gu Immortal in ambush!


 This was their true killer move, a plot within a plot! While He Feng Yang’s mind relaxed the moment he left the soul taker battlefield, the fatal strike was launched at him!


 He Feng Yang was furious and shocked, his eyes were blood red and he was extremely angry, he did not retreat, instead, he had the urge to fight to the death with the enemy.


 “Quickly dodge! The enemy is an emotion path Gu Immortal, they can interfere with your judgment by influencing your emotions!” Within his immortal aperture, Tiger Demon’s anger will was shouting.


 “Hehehe, it is too late.” The third Gu Immortal raised their dagger, stabbing at He Feng Yang.


 The dagger shaped Gu worm burst out with an intense Immortal Gu aura.


 He Feng Yang was horror stricken and full of grievances.


 The enemy had an attack type Immortal Gu?!


 He only had an expand space Immortal Gu, it could not help him. The defensive mortal killer moves he had could not block this attack type Immortal Gu!



***
Chapter 704 - Little Nine


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The dagger shaped Immortal Gu was about to pierce into him; He Feng Yang felt anger, fear, bewilderment, unresignedness, all kinds of feelings seethed in him like lava, greatly influencing his actions.


 “Am I going to die here today?” He Feng Yang involuntarily had this thought.


 However, right at this dangerous moment, the desolate beast nine palace crane under his feet suddenly let out a clear cry before fiercely turning its body around.


 He Feng Yang’s body was thrown down while the nine palace crane blocked the ambushing Gu Immortal.


 Plop.


 A soft sound echoed, the dagger shaped Immortal Gu ruthlessly pierced into the nine palace crane’s chest.


 “Eh?” The third Gu Immortal showed a shocked expression.


 He had thought disturbing He Feng Yang could influence the nine palace crane. After all, He Feng Yang was an enslavement path Gu Immortal and the nine palace crane had been enslaved by him. If he was influenced, the nine palace crane should also be nothing to worry about.


 He activated several emotion path killer moves to heavily disturb He Feng Yang, but he had never expected that at the last juncture, this nine palace crane would actually move to protect its master.


 “Little nine!” He Feng Yang saw the nine palace crane taking the fatal strike, tears immediately streamed down his eyes as he gave a pained roar.


 He had raised this nine palace crane with great care and had never used any enslavement methods on it.


 Back when he was young, he had been brutally chased when out on a mission. His life was hanging in the balance when he accidentally bumped into the similarly heavily injured nine palace crane.


 After this coincidental and accidental meeting, he and the nine palace crane helped each other to escape the plight.


 The nine palace crane was on the verge of death, He Feng Yang brought it back to the sect and used all of his wealth, barely managing to stabilize its life.


 In the dozens of years afterwards, He Feng Yang braved many dangers to earn money to treat the nine palace crane little by little, slowly pulling it out from the brink of death.


 A profound sentiment more intimate than brothers was established like this between a man and a crane.


 Later an accident occurred, the rank five Gu Master He Feng Yang had failed his mission and was in a heavily injured state. The resources on him could only save one person. If he treated the nine palace crane, he would die, but if he saved himself, the nine palace crane would not be able to maintain its lingering vitality.


 At the juncture of this choice, He Feng Yang thought for three days and three nights, in the end, he decided to sacrifice himself to save the nine palace crane!


 This action caused third supreme elder, Lord Tiger Demon, to be moved, and with his help, both He Feng Yang and the nine palace crane were saved.


 He Feng Yang lived up to his expectations and after becoming a Gu Immortal, he joined Lord Tiger Demon’s faction.


 The nine palace crane let out a mournful cry. Its enormous and slender body was covered with a layer of grey light. In this grey light, its body was rapidly shrinking and becoming younger, from a mature age it continuously turned to its youth, then to its infancy.


 This was the power of the Immortal Gu!


 The dagger shaped Immortal Gu was actually a time path Immortal Gu that could reverse the target’s body to a younger state.


 “Retreat. Don’t let down your friend’s kind intention.” In his immortal aperture, Tiger Demon’s anger will heaved a long sigh.


 “Little nine!” He Feng Yang shouted furiously and went back regardless of the advice of Tiger Demon’s anger will.


 The hems of his gown fluttered and moved, turning into a crane feather cloak. A blood red glint blossomed in his eyes and his slender green brows moved nimbly like a snake or dragon.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal showed a surprised expression.


 He had not thought He Feng Yang who could have clearly escaped in the moment just before would actually return with killing intent.


 He Feng Yang was an enslavement path Gu Immortal!


 He Feng Yang pushed forward his palms from which jade green lightning rays surged out.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal snorted, he raised the dagger and confronted it head-on, simultaneously activating emotion path killer moves to influence He Feng Yang’s emotions.


 However, He Feng Yang’s heart was filled completely with anger and was unexpectedly not influenced.


 Bam!


 A loud explosion erupted and the mysterious Gu Immortal was thrown back. He Feng Yang’s body trembled intensely and blood spurted out of his mouth, but he forcibly pulled himself together and pulled the infant nine palace crane into his hands.


 “Little nine!” He Feng Yang held the nine palace crane in his embrace and turned around, escaping immediately with no intent to stay.


 The nine palace crane had already become the size of a white goose and was softly twittering as He Feng Yang held it in his embrace.


 The emotion path Gu Immortal had been sent some distance away, that gap was enough for him to be unable to chase He Feng Yang in this moment.


 The other two mysterious Gu Immortals hurried over after canceling the soul taker battlefield.


 “Sigh, he escaped in the end!” The wind path Gu Immortal heaved a long sigh in pity.


 “This guy is clearly an enslavement path Gu Immortal but he is actually not weak in close combat. That green lightning killer move isn’t what it appears to be, it makes me think of...” The emotion path Gu Immortal said.


 “Hmph, if not for lacking time to gather more people, would we be afraid of not being able to put him down? How about we chase, maybe we can....” The poison path Gu Immortal was not resigned.


 “He has expand space Immortal Gu, soul taker battlefield cannot trap him. Let’s leave quickly, it is not convenient to stay here.” The wind path Gu Immortal was calm.


 “Right, this ambush was nothing more than a hastily considered course of action. We absolutely cannot lose sight of the main goal for small gains and risk exposing our identities, which would affect master’s grand plan. We will retreat!” The emotion path Gu Immortal ceased his absent-mindedness, and said softly.


 His position seemed to be higher than the other two Gu Immortals and his words had a tone of decisiveness.


 “I shall take my leave.” The wind path Gu Immortal rapidly flew in the air and soon was no more than a small black dot in the horizon.


 “Hmph!” The poison path Gu Immortal dropped into the ground and escaped.


 The emotion path Gu Immortal paused for a while until the other two had completely left, his body then disappeared in the air as if he had never been there.


 He Feng Yang flew at top speed to Fei He mountain, and without stopping, he directly entered Fu Hu blessed land.


 Lord Tiger Demon was standing beside an enormous stone pit, looking at the tens of thousands of rockmen working inside the pit.


 “Junior was incompetent and let down Lord’s expectations.” He Feng Yang bowed in greeting to Lord Tiger Demon, his body filled with injuries and his expression one of shame.


 “You got injured? First go take a rest and heal yourself.” Lord Tiger Demon did not ask anything to He Feng Yang and only waved his hand, that anger will in He Feng Yang’s immortal aperture flew out and entered his mind.


 In just an instant, he understood all the things He Feng Yang had experienced in this trip.


 His gaze flickered, shortly afterwards, he activated anger will Gu to produce anger will.


 The anger will flew through the sky, out of Fu Hu blessed land and towards the peak of Fei He mountain. When it reached the conference hall at the mountain peak, three wills that were left here came after sensing it.


 These three wills were respectively from first supreme elder, second supreme elder and the third supreme elder, Lord Tiger Demon, they were in charge of monitoring the sect and also handling some small matters.


 The major matters were also arranged and at every set period of time, they would gather a group of Gu Immortals to hold a joint discussion on them.


 Tiger Demon’s anger will landed in the hall and fused with its previous will, then narrated the events that occurred to He Feng Yang.


 The first and second supreme elders’ wills sank into silence when they heard the narration. They started to rapidly think which caused their bodies to shrink at a visible speed.


 When they had shrunken to almost half the previous size, second supreme elder’s will said: “Let’s allow Lord Tiger Demon to have the final decision on the matters of Hu Immortal blessed land.”


 First supreme elder’s will spoke: “He Feng Yang was ambushed and almost killed, this is much more serious than Hu Immortal blessed land. Where was he ambushed?”


 A Gu worm flew out from the hall and turned into a map made of light and shadow.


 “Here.” Lord Tiger Demon’s anger will pointed at the location.


 First supreme elder’s will nodded and spoke heavily: “This location is a very good place to lay an ambush. There is no force situated both in front and behind, and this makes it a very good place of concealment. It seems the ambushers are very familiar with Central Continent’s terrain.”


 “Investigate! When has there been anyone that had the guts to try to kill our ten great ancient sects’ Gu Immortals?” Second supreme elder’s will shouted in rage.


 “My concern is this. Elders, where do you think these Gu Immortals came from?” Lord Tiger Demon’s anger will asked.


 First supreme elder’s and second supreme elder’s wills glanced at each other, both revealing heavy expressions.


 “Third elder is worried these Gu Immortals are Central Continent Gu Immortals?” First supreme elder said quietly.


 Tiger Demon’s anger will spoke frankly with confidence: “Right. How long have our ten great ancient sects been in control of Central Continent? The situation has been getting increasingly harder over these recent years, why is that? Our Central Continent is different from the other four regions. Led by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, Central Continent had already been reformed during the Remote Antiquity Era, establishing the sect system. During the Remote Antiquity Era, sects had been rare. In Olden Antiquity Era, clan forces surpassed sect forces. In Medieval Antiquity Era, sects and clans clashed against each other, and advanced at an equal pace. In Late Antiquity Era, clans weakened while sects flourished. And now, sects stand in great numbers in Central Continent while there are almost no clans.”


 “The clan system only selects the clan’s children as Gu Masters. The sect system, however, allows ordinary mortals to step on the path of Gu cultivation. Our Central Continent’s history is filled with the conflicts between the two great systems. After going through over three million years of struggles, evolution and accumulation, the sect system has prevailed; the number of Central Continent Gu Immortals far surpass the other four regions and they continue to increase, and soon will leave the control of our ten great sects.”


 “How many Gu Immortals can our ten great sects recruit? The number of other Gu Immortals in Central Continent are several times our own! As these Gu Immortals of other sects, demonic path Gu Immortals and lone cultivator Gu Immortals continue to cultivate, they would require more cultivation resources. Conflicts are unavoidable because our ten great sects control eighty percent of cultivation resources in Central Continent.”


 “Have there not been cases like Great Heavenly Sword Sect before? It is just that they were secretly suppressed by our ten great ancient sects. But in these recent years, new sects are still emerging unendingly, new innovations and new schools of thought are common occurrences, uncommon geniuses and monstrous talents are constantly sprouting among the mortals while there are limited spots in our ten great ancient sects. Despite recruiting exceptional talents every year, Central Continent is truly too big.”


 Lord Tiger Demon’s anger will sighed as he said this.


 The two supreme elders were silent all along.


 The ten great ancient sects held control of eighty percent of Central Continent’s resources, but after the resources were split amongst everyone, how much would be left behind for individual Gu Immortals?


 As a Gu Immortal’s cultivation got higher, their blessed land would require more resources to manage. In particular, the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities would also continue to become stronger, and after every tribulation, the losses would be very severe, and the price to repair it would continue to become higher.


 It was impossible for the ten great ancient sects’ Gu Immortals to share their resources to others.


 In the past, although there were many sects outside of the ten great sects, there were not many Gu Immortals. Immortal and mortal were different concepts, there was a wide gap in the strength between mortals and immortals, thus mortals could be suppressed.


 But at present, the Gu Immortals outside of the ten great sects were increasing constantly in numbers. Although these Gu Immortals usually had inferior battle strength, their vast numbers were enough to bring about an impact to the ten great ancient sects.


 Great Heavenly Sword Sect was a good example. This large sized sect had two Gu Immortals originally and was a vassal of Immortal Crane Sect. Now, that they had a third Gu Immortal, they immediately planned to leave Immortal Crane Sect and be independent.



***
Chapter 705 - Immortal Slaughtering Plan, Fang Yuan distributes benefits


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lord Tiger Demon’s anger will continued: “These years, our ten great ancient sects have been in difficult circumstances, we could be said to be treading on thin ice. It is as if we are blocking the top of a volcano, the magma underneath will eventually burst out one day, causing a major impact to our ten great sects!”


 “Third supreme elder is talking about the general situation in Central Continent right now. But this is the situation of the whole region, how can we change it?” Second supreme elder’s will sighed.


 Lord Tiger Demon’s will continued: “Great Heavenly Sword Sect’s example is in front of us. The Gu Immortals in Hu Immortal blessed land could be from other regions, but they are most likely to be an alliance of lone cultivators in our region. The ones who ambushed He Feng Yang today might also be Gu Immortals of our own region’s forces. But if that is the case, it would be terrifying.”


 Second supreme elder nodded: “It is indeed like that. The force that attacked He Feng Yang obviously does not want Hu Immortal blessed land to continue being in the hands of Fang Yuan. If He Feng Yang dies, Immortal Crane Sect will have to attack Hu Immortal blessed land forcefully to defend our reputation. Even though it is obvious that they are framed, Immortal Crane Sect has no choice but to go along with it.”


 The ten great ancient sects’ pride and reputation that had been defended for innumerable years cannot be tarnished. If they could not take revenge for the death of their own Gu Immortals, then their reputation would be ruined, the hearts of the people would waver, and everyone would be emboldened to offend Immortal Crane Sect. If Immortal Crane Sect is under such problems, they would not be able to manage their resources and land within Central Continent. By then, Immortal Crane Sect would be worn out physically and mentally, their exhaustion would attract even more greedy jackals and wolves.


 This would be a vicious cycle, once they fall into it, it would be hard to recover.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s top three supreme elders were all experienced people, they were old monsters with bountiful life experience, they had considered this terrifying future prospect already.


 Not just them, among the other nine great ancient sects of Central Continent, there were sure to be people who understood this.


 Right now, Central Continent was becoming saturated with experts, but there were limited resources, it was like a powder keg that was expanding endlessly. The ten great ancient sects were sitting on top of the keg, if they were careless and ignited it, they might be blown to pieces.


 “Tiger Demon, you used this topic today to start a long discussion, I’m sure you have some insights to share with us. Why not just tell us straight away.” First supreme elder said.


 Tiger Demon’s anger will laughed, saying startling things: “My current idea is to agree with Fang Yuan’s conditions and acknowledge that Hu Immortal blessed land is a subsidiary of our sect. At the same time, we will find out the true identities of the culprits who attacked He Feng Yang. Once we know which lone cultivators are ganging up, we will collaborate with the other nine sects and engage in a wide scale immortal slaughtering plan!”


 “Immortal slaughtering?!” Second supreme elder heard this and excitement shined in his eyes.


 First supreme elder’s will shut his eyes, he slowly said: “Tiger Demon, I will not hide it from you. This suggestion of yours had been brought up by Combat Immortal Sect’s Gu Immortal Shi Lei many years ago, he had even sent a proposal to Heavenly Court, requesting for Heavenly Court to come out and organize the ten great ancient sects, in order to execute this plan.”


 “Oh, that Immortal Monkey King? Even though our ten great ancient sects have had changes throughout history, the root of all these changes were righteous reasons, like the interchanging of main and side branches, these all have much to do with Heavenly Court. If the ten ancient sects engage in a slaughter of immortals, it would have huge implications and involve innumerable benefits. Only Heavenly Court can step in to convince and assemble everyone, leading us towards victory!” Tiger Demon’s anger will agreed.


 “But Heavenly Court rejected this proposal. They even warned us ten great ancient sects not to specially target the respective smaller sects and lone cultivator Gu Immortals, we are not to consciously massacre them, violators would be heavily punished.” First supreme elder’s will said.


 “What?” Tiger Demon’s anger will shouted in shock.


 “This matter, how did I not know about it?” Second supreme elder muttered to himself.


 First supreme elder sighed loudly, looking at the sky: “The will of Heavenly Court is heaven’s will. Heaven’s will cannot be defied, heaven’s will cannot be anticipated.”


 ...


 He Feng Yang returned to Hu Immortal blessed land once again.


 Fairy Cang Yu and Fang Yuan were walking on Dang Hun mountain, observing the growth of the guts Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked from afar, staring at Fairy Cang Yu.


 Meanwhile, that blue charm lightning shadow was encircled by the eight desolate beasts, once in a while, a different desolate beast would go up and fight it, they were taking turns to wear it down.


 “Brother He was a bit slow.” Fang Yuan saw He Feng Yang and smiled while saying plainly.


 He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu first looked at each other, seeing her nod and hint that she was unharmed, he turned to Fang Yuan: “My sect has already agreed to acknowledge your side as our sect’s subsidiary. The relationship would have no time limit, and you can leave at any time. At the same time, we will engage in the trading of guts Gu, the price will be one immortal essence stone for a hundred and twenty guts Gu. This is the rank six Immortal Gu, Promise.”


 Immortal Gu Promise was an information path Gu worm, its use was similar to mountain pledge Gu and sea oath Gu.


 Immediately, He Feng Yang activated the Immortal Gu to make a promise.


 When it was Fang Yuan’s turn, he received the Immortal Gu and checked that there were no issues, he consumed his green grape immortal essence and made a promise as well.


 Their promises created material forms that resembled lumps of gold, the two sides exchanged with each other to keep a copy each.


 Fairy Cang Yu finally breathed out a sigh of relief, now that the transaction had been established, she was finally safe.


 Fang Yuan breathed out in relief too, the situation that he had been trying to resolve had finally reached this stage. Fighting to the death with Immortal Crane Sect was definitely impossible. Immortal Crane Sect was a huge organization, if he angered them, Hu Immortal blessed land would certainly be lost. With Fang Yuan’s finances, he could not sustain a huge battle against Gu Immortal level opponents.


 But He Feng Yang’s words quickly earned his attention: “On the way back, I was ambushed by three Gu Immortals and my life was almost lost. The other party evidently wants to frame you, our sect is investigating it now, I wonder if your force had offended anyone?”


 “What? In Central Continent, there were actually Gu Immortals who dared to kill a Gu Immortal from the ten great sects?” Fang Yuan did not conceal his shock.


 He remembered clearly that such situations would only happen a while after the five regions chaotic war started.


 By then, the five regions would be in chaos, mortals would face difficulties living and battles would be unceasing.


 Even the authority of Heavenly Court was useless, the ten great sects’ Gu Immortals all faced assassinations, there were those who were taking revenge from the other four regions, but also Central Continent’s own lone cultivator Gu Immortals who were trying to fish for benefits.


 As the situation became more and more chaotic, Fang Yuan could even bring a band of demonic path Gu Immortals to attack Hu Immortal blessed land on Tian Ti mountain, killing Feng Jin Huang eventually.


 Unknowingly, Fang Yuan thought about the mysterious force that plotted against him secretly in treasure yellow heaven over a year ago.


 But he did not even know what this force was called, even if he knew, he would not expose such information to He Feng Yang.


 Thus, he shook his head: “I have been in Hu Immortal blessed land for this period of time, how could I offend other forces? I have no intentions to offend brother He, but thinking about it, Immortal Crane Sect probably attracts more enemies than me, was it a force trying to plot against your sect, but wanting to use me as a diversion instead?”


 He Feng Yang did not get the information he wanted, he was a little disappointed but he could not force Fang Yuan.


 Immortal Crane Sect had their own worries, even though Fang Yuan was only an immortal zombie, the force behind him allowed the two sides to speak on equal terms.


 He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu did not stay any longer, Fang Yuan opened Hu Immortal blessed land’s door and sent them out.


 Fang Yuan stood at the door, saying goodbye to them.


 The other nine sects who saw this immediately realized that something had occurred in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “What is going on? Why is there an immortal zombie?”


 “He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu came with great confidence, but now their expression are not quite right, it seems a problem occurred!”


 “Did they fail to take it down? That’s impossible, right.”


 The Gu Immortals were confused, they were guessing randomly.


 The ten great ancient sects were in cahoots, they were the overlords of Central Continent, over these last years there was unavoidably no lack of hidden competition among themselves. The contest of Hu Immortal blessed land was at first an open competition, using disciples from each sect to decide the eventual owner, but the result was that Fang Yuan actually took advantage. Now, it was a hidden contest, they could not question Immortal Crane Sect in public, that would break the unspoken rules.


 The Gu Immortals did not know what happened to Hu Immortal blessed land, they were hesitant to return.


 Fang Yuan closed the door, as Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan came to congratulate him with smiles on their faces.


 “Fang Yuan, you have caused me to look at you in a different light. This time, the collaboration between you and Immortal Crane Sect succeeded without any battle, it was truly a great victory.” Fairy Li Shan was full of praise.


 This was the type of victory that Gu Immortals loved the most.


 Without any battles, without any huge investments, but the rewards were simply incredible.


 “Senior is not entirely correct.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “It is not me who is collaborating with Immortal Crane Sect, it is us. After all, to refine the airsac Gu, we will need Hei Lou Lan’s strength qi Gu to muster the strength qi. As for the profits of the guts Gu, your side will take forty percent, my side will take sixty.”


 Fairy Li Shan heard this and the smile on her face intensified. As long as one was not a fool, they could see the prospects of the transaction of guts Gu.


 She understood clearly that Fang Yuan’s action was to stabilize their alliance completely, to bind them to Dang Hun mountain itself. In the future, when Hu Immortal blessed land is attacked, they would need to come and defend it too.


 But with such great benefits, Fairy Li Shan could not help but be moved.


 Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan deeply: “To think that you had this method, Fang Yuan, conceptualizing the airsac Gu. To refine the rank three airsac Gu, you need to use the rank six strength qi Gu. This Gu is truly very special.”


 A part of this was definitely due to wisdom Gu’s credit.


 After obtaining wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan had been conceptualizing, to see if there was a way to extract guts Gu under the help of unlimited inspiration.


 The success this time was also because he had unexpectedly heard from Tai Bai Yun Sheng that Hei Lou Lan had the strength qi Immortal Gu.


 Only an immortal class strength could envelop the guts Gu, allowing it to leave Dang Hun mountain unscathed.


 Fang Yuan changed the topic: “To produce guts Gu, we will need huge amounts of souls, I will have to trouble the two of you.”


 “Northern Plains is a land of battles, chaotic wars happen all the time, and beast groups and tribes relocate constantly. There are surely many souls that can be collected there. We will go and settle this now.” Hei Lou Lan wanted to act immediately.


 After she ascended to an immortal, her need for resources had become much greater, especially in terms of immortal essence stones, she could not always rely on Fairy Li Shan.


 Relying on others was not Hei Lou Lan’s style.


 Fairy Li Shan agreed: “That’s right, Dang Hun mountain does not have any requirements for the type of soul. We can even buy them from Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, it will be more expensive than collecting the souls ourselves, but the price would be acceptable and we can save lots of trouble.”


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan waved a hand: “Please hold on for a moment, don’t be too anxious now. Now, come with me to suppress a Gu Immortal. This Gu Immortal is inside Hu Immortal blessed land right now.”


 “Oh? Who?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng questioned.


 “There are other Gu Immortals hiding in the blessed land now? Is it an ambush by Immortal Crane Sect, having ulterior motives?” Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan looked at each other with confused and shocked expressions.



***
Chapter 706 - Extorting an Immortal Gu Remnant Recipe


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan smiled mysteriously: “This immortal is right under our noses, please follow me.”


 Under Fang Yuan’s lead, everyone came before the blue charm lightning shadow.


 The blue charm lightning shadow right now was fighting in the air with the iron crown eagle, its small blue figure was colliding with the desolate beast iron crown eagle’s huge body, fighting evenly back and forth.


 Hei Lou Lan was even more uncertain now: “The Gu Immortal you are talking about is the blue charm lightning shadow?”


 Fang Yuan smiled and did not respond.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes shone with brilliance: “Now that you’ve mentioned it, this blue charm lightning shadow is acting really strangely.”


 “That’s right.” Fairy Li Shan showed a wary and vigilant expression: “Logically speaking, the blue charm lightning shadow was formed from an earthly calamity, its main target would be the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, which is you, Fang Yuan. But it has been engaging with these desolate beasts all this time, it had no intentions to attack you.”


 Hei Lou Lan continued: “No wonder I felt that it was strange, when the desolate beast appeared, this blue charm lightning shadow seemed to have been shocked, it stopped growling and started to conceal its presence. This blue charm lightning shadow is weird, I’m sure it is not normal!”


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, saying: “The blue charm lightning shadow in the past had no issues, but after it was sent out of the blessed land by me, it was captured by a lightning path Gu Immortal, and was refined into some sort of puppet killer move. When Immortal Crane Sect came to attack my blessed land, this Gu Immortal manipulated the blue charm lightning shadow into barging in, his objective was to fish for benefits. If Immortal Crane Sect failed, he could show up as a representative of his sect, and strike first. I wonder if my analysis is correct, Myriad Dragon Dock’s Vicious Lightning Fiend?”


 “How did you know that I am Vicious Lightning Fiend?!” The blue charm lightning shadow could not put up a facade any longer, he ignored the iron crown eagle and flew to Fang Yuan.


 The iron crown eagle chased it, but Fang Yuan waved a hand, the eagle screeched and flew away.


 “Myriad Dragon Dock’s Vicious Lightning Fiend?” Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan looked at each other, they knew about Myriad Dragon Dock, it was one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, just like Immortal Crane Sect. But who Vicious Lightning Fiend was, they did not have much of an idea.


 Only Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes shone brightly, after coming to Hu Immortal blessed land, he had collected a lot of information upon Fang Yuan’s advice, he knew a lot of intelligence about Central Continent’s Gu Immortals.


 “Vicious Lightning Fiend is a rank six Gu Immortal, he has passed two heavenly tribulations and had an amazing history of ending in a draw after fighting with a rank seven Gu Immortal. But many years ago, he had entered closed cultivation. There had been no traces of him these last few years in Central Continent.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng introduced.


 “A draw with a rank seven Gu Immortal?” Fairy Li Shan’s gaze shone.


 Hei Lou Lan had a proud and arrogant demeanor as she snorted coldly.


 The blue charm lightning shadow looked at everyone, but eventually his gaze locked onto Fang Yuan: “Who are you guys? My immortal killer move was the fruit of my many years of closed cultivation, after thinking of how to raise my battle strength. A year ago, I learned that there was a blue charm lightning shadow on Tian Ti mountain, it was lurking around there and did not want to leave, thus I struck secretly and captured the blue charm lightning shadow. A few months ago, I perfected my immortal killer move, making this blue charm lightning shadow my puppet. I have only told this secret to a few people. You guys actually know about this in detail! Tell me, who in the world are you?”


 Fang Yuan snorted, he said very unkindly: “Vicious Lightning Fiend, you might have a fierce reputation, but we are not afraid of you. You made the blue charm lightning shadow into your puppet, I’m sure you paid a heavy price for that. I am in a bad mood, you should be careful, otherwise if I get angry, I will kill this blue charm lightning shadow right here, can you stop me?”


 The blue charm lightning shadow shouted out angrily, he showed his irascible nature: “You dare! I am a Gu Immortal of Myriad Dragon Dock! Don’t think you can continue to be arrogant, it is only temporarily that you are occupying Hu Immortal blessed land, once your identities are exposed, we, the ten great ancient sects, will make sure all of you lone cultivators and demonic cultivators are done for.”


 “Oh? Is that so...” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance: “You saw our earlier transaction clearly, we are already a subsidiary of Immortal Crane Sect, we have both made a promise, even if Myriad Dragon Dock wants to deal with us, you will need to get past Immortal Crane Sect first. That’s right, that’s right, earlier, Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang was attacked, the mastermind was you, or rather, Myriad Dragon Dock. right?”


 “Bullshit! We of the ten great ancient sects are on the same side, even if we compete with each other both openly and secretly, how could we do things without limits like you lone cultivators with demonic natures?” The blue charm lightning shadow was furious.


 Fang Yuan did not speak, he glanced over at Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was a formidable character just like him, they cooperated flawlessly, she pretended to jump to a realization, saying: “Fang Yuan, you are absolutely right. Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun mountain, and guts Gu are extremely huge benefits. After assassinating He Feng Yang, Immortal Crane Sect will come to attack us. By then, when we both suffer great losses, Myriad Dragon Dock will be able to take advantage of the situation.”


 “You’re bullshitting! Bullshit! How can I be such a petty person!!” The blue charm lightning shadow’s anger was through the roof, he shouted unceasingly.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed sinisterly: “But the timing in which you appeared was simply too coincidental. When He Feng Yang attacked Hu Immortal blessed land, all the events that happened in here, how could the outside world know? Why did He Feng Yang encounter an assassination the moment he left Hu Immortal blessed land? Obviously, you were an insider and used some special method to inform your main body, who then organized the ambush.”


 Hei Lou Lan fully expressed her twisted logic, her words shocked the blue charm lightning shadow.


 But immediately after, he reacted, turning angry from shame, rebuking: “Hu Immortal blessed land is a separate piece of heaven and earth, unless I have an immortal killer move, how could I communicate with my main body? But if I use an immortal killer move, such intense immortal aura would be detected by you guys, isn’t that right?”


 “But there was a moment when Hu Immortal blessed land opened its doors, that way, we were connected to the outside world. You communicated with your main body at that very point in time.” Hei Lou Lan immediately retorted.


 “Scumbag! Bullshit! I am honorable and righteous, how can I be like that? No, no, I was almost tricked by you. How can He Feng Yang’s ambush have anything to do with my blue charm lightning shadow sending out information? Even if the other party did not know what happened in Hu Immortal blessed land, they can still ambush He Feng Yang. There is no relationship between the two issues!” The blue charm lightning shadow screamed.


 Hei Lou Lan said eerily: “Whether a relationship exists, we do not care about that. We will tell this to Immortal Crane Sect, you can explain things to them yourself.”


 “Go ahead and tell them. I have not done any of the things you’ve said, why would I be afraid of slander?” The blue charm lightning shadow tried to put up a front.


 At this time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng said: “Oh! I remember now, recently in Immortal Crane Sect’s region of control, wasn’t there the matter of Great Heavenly Sword Sect trying to gain independence? There had been rumors that the matter of Great Heavenly Sword Sect was instigated by Myriad Dragon Dock. Hehe, I get it. After killing He Feng Yang, Immortal Crane Sect’s main forces will come and attack our blessed land. In that case, it will be even easier for Great Heavenly Sword Sect to detach from Immortal Crane Sect. After Great Heavenly Sword Sect joins Myriad Dragon Dock, and become your subsidiary, Immortal Crane Sect’s territory at the northwest area will be devoured by Myriad Dragon Dock. By then, even if they taken down Hu Immortal blessed land, they will suffer a huge loss in battle strength, if they return and want to settle the matter with Myriad Dragon Dock, it would be too late, and they would not have the strength to do so.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s words not only shocked the blue charm lightning shadow, even Fang Yuan was looking at him in surprise.


 Although Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a good person and had been kind in his life, he was old and experienced, his words were like a dagger stabbing into the heart of the matter, he directly pointed out Vicious Lightning Fiend’s weakness.


 The blue charm lightning shadow finally became quiet.


 After a dozen breaths of time, he said: “Damn, you bunch of scheming scoundrels, you are simply twisting logic as you like, you’re making things up! Say it, what is the condition for letting go of my lightning shadow puppet?”


 Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not speak, they looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly, saying a ridiculous condition: “Vicious Lightning Fiend, I am very interested in this immortal killer move that can turn the blue charm lightning shadow into a puppet. Why don’t you teach me.”


 “Screw you! This is a trump card that I finally came up with after four years of closed cultivation! With just a few words from you, you want to take the fruits of my labor, it will only happen in your dreams! Even if this puppet is destroyed, I will not give it to you!!” The blue charm lightning shadow shouted in anger, categorically rejecting this.


 But Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, he was carrying out a plan based on them and knew about Vicious Lightning Fiend’s bottom line.


 He chuckled as he said slowly: “Vicious Lightning Fiend, your immortal killer move was only created in a rush, the success rate is definitely not high. The blue charm lightning shadow has rank six battle strength, isn’t it such a waste to discard it here? How about this, I will take a step back, I do not want your immortal killer move, I want the Blood Deity remnant recipe that you have.”


 The blue charm lightning shadow’s expression was grim: “How did you know that I have Blood Deity’s remnant recipe? There are only a small number of Gu Immortals in Myriad Dragon Dock that know about this secret!”


 “Hmph, frog in the well, there are no impenetrable walls in this world, even if very few people know, can’t I have Gu worms to deduce it?” Fang Yuan showed a disposition of unfathomable depth.


 “Good, very good. I am even more curious about your true identities now. Hmph, I will admit a loss this time!” The blue charm lightning shadow agreed as he gritted his teeth.


 “Let’s trade using treasure yellow heaven.” Fang Yuan said.


 “No way, treasure yellow heaven will expose the blue charm lightning shadow puppet, it will expose my immortal killer move in advance!” The blue charm lightning shadow rejected immediately.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly: “Vicious Lightning Fiend, don’t think I am unaware, after coming out of closed cultivation, you plan to imitate Sword Immortal Bo Qing, to challenge experts from all over the region, and use your power to contest for the title of the strongest. Your first target must be Bee Immortal Liao Mao.”


 “You sure know a lot!” The blue charm lightning shadow’s tone was cold, but his heart was jumping.


 The other party’s grasp on information was far too detailed, he was in a very passive spot.


 Fang Yuan ordered Little Hu Immortal to act, using connecting heaven Gu to connect to treasure yellow heaven, before finding Vicious Lightning Fiend’s main body.


 After the two negotiated, Fang Yuan sent the blue charm lightning shadow as merchandise and sent it over.


 Immediately, the treasure light burst into the sky, attracting countless divine senses.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend quickly took out Blood Deity’s Immortal Gu remnant recipe, who knew how many Gu Immortals cried out in alarm at this.


 “Scoundrel, quickly settle the deal!” Vicious Lightning Fiend’s divine sense screamed.


 “Vicious Lightning Fiend, you are not being genuine. The Blood Deity remnant recipe you have is seventy percent complete, you are trying to scam my ignorance, only taking out a forty percent remnant recipe?” Fang Yuan said slowly.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend was shocked: “How can I have a seventy percent Blood Deity remnant recipe!”


 “I am in no rush, the longer the blue charm lightning shadow is exposed, the more people will know.” Fang Yuan said casually.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend almost spat blood from anger: “Lad, don’t think that with a wisdom path Gu Immortal behind you deducing things, you can act so arrogantly!! I will remember you, just you wait!!”


 Saying this, he finally tossed out a seventy percent Blood Deity remnant recipe.


 “An Immortal Gu remnant recipe with such a high completion rate appeared!”


 “Since when did blue charm lightning shadow become a commodity?”


 Some Gu Immortals fortunate enough to witness the transaction went into deep shock.


 Fang Yuan did not make things difficult for Vicious Lightning Fiend this time, they swiftly ended the deal.


 Under the gazes of Hei Lou Lan and the others, Fang Yuan took the Immortal Gu remnant recipe, exclaiming in his heart: “I obtained this so easily, something that I had been unable to get my hands on in my previous life no matter what. A seventy percent blood deity Immortal Gu remnant recipe, together with my previous life’s accumulations, and with wisdom Gu’s power, I should be able to complete the blood deity Immortal Gu recipe.”


 Next, he thought about Vicious Lightning Fiend.


 This person had an fierce, ruthless, and fiery personality, in his previous life, he attained rank seven and had incredible battle strength. During the five regions chaotic war, he used the immortal killer move Lightning Deity, to accumulate eight rank six battle strength beings that were similar to the blue charm lightning shadow. After Feng Jiu Ge died, he contested for the prized status of being the number one in battle strength among rank seven, he fought with Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei for three days and three nights but unfortunately lost.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had most wanted to refine the Immortal Gu Blood Deity. He had once targeted the Immortal Gu remnant recipe in Vicious Lightning Fiend’s possession, but his plot failed and he escaped after being heavily injured.


 To think that in this life, he could obtain what he had always wanted in his previous life in such a manner.



***
Chapter 707 - Overwhelming Profits!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In central continent time, three days after extorting Vicious Lightning Fiend, Immortal Crane Sect announced to the world: They recognized Fang Yuan as the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, Hu Immortal blessed land was now a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect, and could leave at any time.


 This shocking news was like a large rock being thrown into a lake, causing many surging waves and splashes.


 At once, the world of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals was in a commotion!


 Earlier, Immortal Crane Sect had declared publicly that Fang Yuan was a traitor of the sect, and would receive judgment soon. Such matters were common in Central Continent. Many Gu Masters, after obtaining benefits, would not want to share it with their sect, or they might be recruited by other sects, and so on, such reasons caused them to betray their original sect.


 The cohesion of members under the sect system was weaker compared to the clan and tribe system that united people from the same bloodline together.


 Among sects, the ten great ancient sects had the highest cohesion. But there were still traitors that appeared in these ancient sects.


 In the past, First Gen Gu Yue obtained a blood path true inheritance and betrayed Immortal Crane Sect, going to Southern Border and hiding his name and identity.


 These recent years, Myriad Dragon Dock’s former disciple Song Zi Xing had also betrayed his sect. After growing from battles, he was now a rank seven Gu Immortal, known as the Blood Dragon, he was a famous demonic path expert in Central Continent.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan as a rank five Gu Master had betrayed Immortal Crane Sect, it was only news of mild magnitude.


 But now, Immortal Crane Sect had gathered up its forces and gone to pass judgment on Fang Yuan, the result was nothing anyone could have expected.


 In this time, who knew how many people thought that Fang Yuan was courting death, their eyes were popping out of their sockets when they learned about the news.


 After that, even more inside information was released, from Immortal Crane Sect, Vicious Lightning Fiend, and Fang Yuan.


 There were many rumors, like the strength of Dang Hun mountain and Hu Immortal blessed land, the rise of a mysterious force, Vicious Lightning Fiend’s immortal killer move, all these attracted people’s attentions. Among them, the biggest highlight was the transaction of guts Gu.


 Guts Gu could leave Dang Hun mountain and be stored, thus they could be traded! There were such great profits implied by this information, all the different forces were moved.


 The Gu Immortals finally understood why Immortal Crane Sect made such a declaration, it was the motivation of profits!


 For guts Gu, forsaking some hollow reputation was nothing. Furthermore, Fang Yuan acknowledged that his force was a subsidiary of Immortal Crane Sect, this was giving face to the ancient sects.


 The other nine great ancient sects called Immortal Crane Sect shameless on one hand, while interacting with Hu Immortal blessed land on the other.


 Fang Yuan’s guts Gu had yet to begin being traded, but he had already received a large number of letter Gu, and they were still coming.


 Regardless of whether it was a large or small force, Fang Yuan replied to them all. This was to establish the first contact between them.


 Using this as an opportunity, Fang Yuan finally entered the limelight of Central Continent, with the status of an immortal zombie and the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, he entered the eyes of all the Gu Immortals and the different forces.


 A few days later, Hei Lou Lan brought in the first batch of souls, there were hundreds of thousands of them.


 Of course, most of them were souls of wild beasts.


 Fang Yuan placed them all into Dang Hun mountain, and Hu Immortal land spirit started to release Dang Hun mountain’s power, vibrating and turning these souls into fragments, as these soul fragments were scattered on the surface of Dang Hun mountain, they gradually formed into guts Gu.


 As the guts Gu grew here, Fang Yuan started to make his preparations elsewhere.


 He ordered all of his hairy men to start creating the foundational Gu worms.


 After seven days and seven nights, working in three shifts, they had finally produced a large number of Gu worms.


 He next ordered the rockmen to start building a stone nest.


 Half a month later, the first batch of souls were all used up, as a large number of guts Gu were formed on Dang Hun mountain.


 Hei Lou Lan brought the second batch of souls into Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan brought her to the stone nest near Dang Hun mountain.


 Hei Lou Lan stood at the edge of the stone nest, seeing the huge structure below her, she was very shocked at Fang Yuan’s huge investment.


 This stone nest was tens of acres in area, and it was hundreds of meters deep into the ground.


 At the outer ring of the stone nest, it was a huge sinkhole, dug manually, vertically up and down. The circular sinkhole was one li in radius, at least three li deep, like the frame of a tall piece of glassware.


 At the center of the sinkhole, there was a huge stone pillar.


 The stone pillar was over three hundred meters in radius, this length was slightly more than half of one li, thus, the stone pillar and the circular sinkhole did not touch, they were at least a hundred and fifty meters apart, and there was an empty space left purposely.


 The stone pillar was like an ant hill, it was complex inside but could reach anywhere as long as one knew the directions.


 Be it the outer wall of the stone pillar, or the inner area of the circular sinkhole, there were countless rooms dug out. In each room, there was an elderly hairy man, and they had the basic Gu refinement materials and tools they needed.


 “Fairy Lou Lan, please.” Fang Yuan brought Hei Lou Lan to the top of the stone pillar, at the center-most spot.


 Hei Lou Lan used her investigative Gu non-stop, realizing that this stone pillar and the sinkhole around the stone pillar had countless Gu worms around them at set intervals.


 These arrangements had many complicated smaller details, Hei Lou Lan was going dizzy from seeing them, but what she knew was that these arrangements were not randomly set up, they were linked to each other and formed a great influence as a whole, it was set up with deep intentions.


 “Don’t tell me...” Hei Lou Lan was guessing in her heart, when Fang Yuan said: “Fairy, I am already done preparing, you can use the strength qi Immortal Gu now.”


 “Oh? Please teach me.”


 “Fairy only needs to activate strength qi Immortal Gu, and let the strength qi spread out naturally.” Fang Yuan explained.


 Hei Lou Lan followed his instructions, a powerful strength qi formed air currents and spread out everywhere. As the strength qi got thicker, they formed into a fog-like state, as they slowly spread and covered the entire stone nest.


 In the stone nest, countless mortal Gu were activated, shining with all sorts of dazzling lights, like the stars in the night sky.


 Under the combined force of these Gu worms, the vast strength qi was slowly extracted strand by strand, in a few breaths of time, all of the strength qi was in between the stone pillar and the sinkhole.


 After a dozen breaths of time, these strength qi continued to move about, forming into the shape of a tornado, spinning around the stone pillar.


 “Start the Gu refinement.” Fang Yuan instructed, as the hairy men in the rooms prepared themselves, they opened their eyes and started to refine Gu.


 Whenever they needed strength qi as a Gu refinement material, the turbulent strength qi outside the room would enter it automatically.


 Such a scene was praised by Hei Lou Lan in amazement: “Fang Yuan, your stone nest is so grand and huge, it can accommodate thousands of hairy men refining Gu at the same time, this is truly an innovative and incredible idea.”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Didn’t I tell you I am also a refinement master?”


 In truth, this stone nest was invented during the five regions chaotic war in his previous life.


 Because of the unceasing battles that occurred at both large and small scale, Gu Masters would expend a lot of their Gu worms, all of the forces needed to replenish their Gu worms. Thus, they gradually researched and came up with such a stone nest that could accommodate so many Gu Masters, a structure that can allow mass refinement of Gu.


 “I will name this the Fang Yuan stone nest, it is a place specially used to mass produce mortal Gu. I split the refinement process of the airsac Gu into over a dozen steps. When the hairy men at the highest level finish the first step, they will pass the partly-done product to the next floor’s rooms. After the next floor finishes their refinement, they will send the partly-done product to the next floor. This way, each of the hairy men would be specialized in one step, not only would this prevent my Gu recipe from leaking, they can also get more familiar with their own steps and increase the success rate.”


 Fang Yuan shamelessly took the invention of someone in his previous life for his own.


 Hei Lou Lan could not help but praise again: “This is indeed the right method to mass produce mortal Gu, in a certain aspect, it can even reduce the required proficiency of the Gu refiners themselves, because they only need to finish one step of the entire refinement process. But you, Fang Yuan, would be able to free yourself from the complication of dealing with all the many small steps, only having to control the materials.”


 “There are some Gu recipes that need the Gu refiner to refine it non-stop. Thankfully, airsac Gu is not like that.” Fang Yuan said.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded: “I was worried that the number of airsac Gu would be too little, and that would affect the sale of guts Gu. After all, each airsac Gu can only hold one guts Gu. But now that I’ve seen this stone nest for myself, I can feel assured. How are you intending to sell these guts Gu?”


 Fang Yuan had a plan already: “Most of the sales will be towards the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent. I have already established a connection via hole earth Gu with the ten great sects. From now on, we will trade using these hole earth Gu, the remaining guts Gu will be sold in treasure yellow heaven.”


 “Aren’t you going to sell some to the other sects in central continent specifically?”


 “No. Right now, the ten great sects are the leaders of Central Continent, our identities and statuses are already very sensitive, we do not need to test the limits of the ancient sects. Our current peace was not obtained easily, we should quietly wait and reap our profits.”


 Hei Lou Lan heard this and nodded, she was completely at ease now.


 Time passed by quickly, another half a month passed in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The first batch of guts Gu had already been sold, after accounting for the costs, as well as Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s forty percent cut, Fang Yuan earned forty-three immortal essence stones.


 A month later in Hu Immortal blessed land’s time, the second batch of guts Gu was sold, and Fang Yuan’s immortal essence stone stockpile increased by another forty-six pieces.


 The third batch of guts Gu earned him forty-seven pieces.


 The market reception was great, the ten great ancient sects’ demand was increasing, and sales in treasure yellow heaven were extremely heated, usually in just one to two days, they would all be sold.


 Guts Gu was after all a treasure that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable recommended, the efficiency of strengthening the soul was very high, at least ten times as efficient as ordinary methods.


 In truth, not only did soul path Gu Masters need it, enslavement path, refinement path and other related paths also needed a foundation in their soul.


 When a Gu Master ascends to Gu Immortal, the soul was also an important element for the thickness of the human qi, nobody would resent their soul for being strong.


 Fang Yuan started to feel the benefits of having a monopolized market.


 He could control the market, and control the situation. He could sell to anyone he wanted to, and he could sell at any quantity he set.


 But he did not raise prices randomly, because guts Gu were not the only way to strengthen souls, if the price was too high, people would just use their original methods instead. That would instead, cause Fang Yuan’s profits to fall.


 After three batches of guts Gu were sold, Fang Yuan had over a hundred immortal essence stones. He started to purchase hairy men in bulk, creating more rooms in the stone nest and expanding his scale of production.


 The more hairy men he had, the higher the efficiency of refining Gu, this caused the profits that Fang Yuan gained from each batch of guts Gu sold to be higher as well.


 After five months in Hu Immortal blessed land’s time, his earnings finally stabilized, each batch of guts Gu would earn him forty-eight immortal essence stones in total profit.


 This was genuinely an overwhelming profit!


 The scariest thing was, guts Gu were consumable Gu, they were gone after one use. The market demand for them would never dwindle.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan started to feel that they were a burden.


 Because their job was to collect souls.


 But now, the quantity of the souls gathered to use for Dang Hun mountain gradually became the biggest restriction in the sale of guts Gu.



***
Chapter 708 - Returning the Eight Desolate Beasts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Boom boom boom...


 The huge ice spike divine ape caused tremors with every step it took.


 Walking towards the cloud building, it stopped and raised its head to growl, the sound waves traveled far,causing the clouds to shake.


 Fang Yuan was standing far away with Lang Ya land spirit, they were conversing but they turned around to look after hearing the noise.


 “This little monkey!” Lang Ya land spirit stretched out his left arm, stroking his mustache as he laughed.


 He was sealed by a qi path killer move, the fifteen layers had been reduced to six layers, all thanks to the help of the Inkman King.


 Thus, Lang Ya land spirit’s left arm was free to move now, only his right arm was left immobile.


 Fang Yuan smiled, as he saw the cloud building rise up slowly, exposing a cave made of cloud soil underneath. The cloud fog was misty, covering the ice spike divine ape completely. The ice spike divine ape stepped into the hole and its tall figure gradually vanished from Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Finally, the cloud building gradually descended, and resealed the cave. The Gu worms in the cave were activated, causing the ice spike divine ape to go into hibernation.


 Not far away, the same sight was happening with other cloud buildings.


 Except that the ones entering the caves were not the ice spike divine ape, but the phoenix feather lava crocodile, golden sand dark stallion and the other desolate beasts.


 “Ice spike divine ape, phoenix feather lava crocodile, golden sand dark stallion, azure dragon vine, swamp crab, peach wolf, iron crown eagle and earth chief desolate beast, I have returned to you the eight desolate beasts that you lent me without a single scratch. Actually, letting them out to roam once in a while is a good thing. Letting them sleep all the time, although it saves food, it will affect their battle strength.” Fang Yuan said.


 Lang Ya land spirit rolled his eyes: “Rascal, do you think I cannot understand what you are trying to imply? You want to borrow my desolate beasts again to fight for you, right? Hmph, these desolate beasts were captured with much difficulty, they are an important line of defense for Lang Ya blessed land. If you want to borrow them again, you cannot bring all eight at once!”


 Fang Yuan laughed nonchalantly, stretching out his arm: “Alright, I returned to you your desolate beasts, according to our agreement, you should return the two great Immortal Gu, Man as Before and Landscape as Before, to me now.”


 Lang Ya land spirit heard this and his aura diminished, he smiled sheepishly: “Well... Little Fang, no, brother Fang, Man as Before and Landscape as Before are two incredible Immortal Gu, I have not finished researching them yet, can you give me a few more days?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned stiff: “Don’t even think about it, hand them over!”


 “Little brother Fang, no, big brother fang, you cannot be so ruthless. You know that I am current sealed by the qi path move, I cannot display my true strength as an expert, there’s no way my research can have progress. This deal was very disadvantageous to me!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted.


 “This transaction was willingly done by the two of us, I did not force you. It is your problem that you made a loss, you want to regret it now? Too late! Quickly hand it over, don’t forget that we used mountain pledge Gu to make the vow, this also involves your friend Mo Tan Sang, whoever breaks the vow would have to pay with his life.” Fang Yuan snickered continuously.


 “Oh land spirit, return him the Immortal Gu.” Mo Tan Sang quickly hurried over, staring at Lang Ya land spirit worriedly.


 Lang Ya land spirit looked at Mo Tan Sang, he could not stand his gaze and stomped his foot, handing over Man as Before and Landscape as Before, these two Immortal Gu, over to Fang Yuan with much reluctance.


 “Damn brat, you always take advantage of me in the end. Take it, take it, you scheming fellow!” Lang Ya land spirit continued to grumble.


 Fang Yuan snorted disgruntedly: “I took advantage? What advantage did I take? I fed all eight of your desolate beasts till they were full, while no battles actually took place, it was like taking a walk with them. I saved some costs for you, nor am I even asking you to settle the score.”


 “Score, what score? Didn’t I feed your rising azure cloud Immortal Gu as well, in order to buy the food, I spent a lot of immortal essence stones too, if you want to calculate all of this, let’s count properly and see who paid a higher price!” Lang Ya land spirit was stomping his foot in agitation, he rebuked immediately.


 The feeding of desolate beasts was naturally much simpler and cheaper than feeding Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan could not argue with Lang Ya land spirit over this, but he had control of Lang Ya land spirit’s weakness, thus he could speak in a confident tone, he laughed coldly: “Lang Ya land spirit, do you still want to research Man as Before and Landscape as Before? Do you?”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, he smiled amicably: “Yes, I want to even in my dreams.”


 “Then good.” Fang Yuan patted Lang Ya land spirit’s head: “Is there a point in being calculative, it was your fault for keeping my rising azure cloud Immortal Gu as collateral, right?”


 “Get lost!” Lang Ya land spirit was so angry that he shrugged off Fang Yuan’s hand: “You brat, you have no manners, I am your senior’s senior’s senior’s senior’s senior’s senior!”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan stared, while showing a flash of the two Immortal Gu in his hand.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, he laughed as he patted Fang Yuan’s leg: “Fang Yuan, there’s nothing I can do, you really suit my taste, we are old friends with much in common after all!”


 Mo Tan Sang, who was at the side, witnessed this entire scene speechlessly.


 Fang Yuan placed the two Immortal Gu into his own immortal aperture and took out three Immortal Gu recipes.


 After five months in Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan had made six deals with Lang Ya land spirit.


 The lower the completion rate of the Immortal Gu recipe, the more green grape immortal essence would be consumed during the deduction, and it would take more time as well. The three Immortal Gu recipes that Fang Yuan took out now had only sixty percent completion rate originally, he spent half a month before he completed them with difficulty.


 Lang Ya land spirit received the Immortal Gu recipes and looked, sighing while shaking his head: “Lad, I have to admit, you are an unparalleled genius in deducing Gu recipes. It is such a pity that you have become an immortal zombie.”


 Fang Yuan followed up and asked: “I also want to find a way to remove my immortal zombie status, do you know of any methods?”


 “There are a bunch of methods, of course, but they are all old and cannot keep up with the times. Some have high risks, some have low probabilities of success, while some have extinct materials, for some, I don’t even believe the methods.” Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “After all, I am a land spirit, I would not usually think about an immortal zombie’s problems.”


 “Brother Fang might be able to get into Northern Plains’ Zombie Alliance branch. The higher ups of Zombie Alliance are mostly immortal zombies, they have been researching on how to get rid of the immortal zombie body, and regain their lives. Furthermore, several years ago, I’ve heard some rumors that Northern Plains Zombie Alliance had made some progress on this matter.” Mo Tan Sang suggested at this time.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I have such intentions, but I cannot expose myself. I destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and ruined Imperial Court blessed land, it is inconvenient to appear in public. If deductions were made against me, that would be horrible.”


 “Now that Dong Fang Chang Fan is dead, there might not be any Gu Immortals who can deduce brother Fang’s identity.” Mo Tan Sang said.


 “It is hard to say, some thousand year old monsters or some wisdom path Gu Immortals might exist.” Fang Yuan shook his head, sighing.


 “Oh? Lad, aren’t you a wisdom path Gu Immortal? If you can deduce so many Immortal Gu recipes, your wisdom path attainment must be very high, you should use your own wisdom path methods to prevent others from deducing you. I remember that many wisdom path Gu Immortals have done that before.” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan laughed bitterly in his heart.


 How could he be a wisdom path Gu Immortal? He was only using the might of the rank nine wisdom Gu to impersonate as one, shamelessly claiming credit for it.


 Thus, he said: “My wisdom path methods are very heavily skewed towards deducing Gu recipes, they are very poor in other aspects. Furthermore, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun are both living eyewitnesses, they had experienced the situation in Imperial Court blessed land. I am afraid my current appearance has been found out by Qin Bai Sheng already.”


 Speaking of Qin Bai Sheng, Mo Tan Sang’s eyes shone, he praised: “This person is quite impressive. I had thought that he was only strong in battle strength, but to think he was very wise as well. He captured Ma and Zhao, obtaining the core of the luck path true inheritance. Originally, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were going to attack and exterminate him together. But during this month’s time in Northern Plains, he recruited allies, giving up some benefits and persuading Fairy Li Shan to come out and use mountain pledge Gu, to forcefully gather and unite a bunch of lone cultivators, even Ye Lui tribe was convinced by him.”


 “Originally, there was a huge battle ahead, but because of his actions, the battle flopped. He even is going to hold a huge auction in his blessed land, purposely selling the core Immortal Gu of the luck path true inheritance, he even will be placing Ma and Zhao as commodities for sale.”


 After saying that, Mo Tan Sang looked at Fang Yuan deeply in the eye.


 He knew that Fairy Li Shan and Fang Yuan had a deep relationship.


 Back then, when Fang Yuan borrowed the desolate beasts from Lang Ya land spirit, he was present. Lang Ya land spirit rejected him outright, having a firm attitude, after all, the desolate beasts were an important defense of Lang Ya blessed land. If Fang Yuan had ill intentions, and was in cahoots with the group that attacked the blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit would be in danger.


 But out of his expectations, Fang Yuan took out mountain pledge Gu.


 Using this Gu to make a vow, Lang Ya land spirit’s worries were dispelled.


 Later, he used Man as Before and Landscape as Before, these two Immortal Gu, to attract Lang Ya land spirit and strike at his weakness. After all, Lang Ya land spirit had offered Tai Bai Yun Sheng five immortal essence stones just to research Landscape as Before in the past.


 Lang Ya land spirit was moved by the two Immortal Gu, and after being provoked by Fang Yuan’s words, he lent eight desolate beasts to him.


 “Qin Bai Sheng knows how to give in at the right time, he can adapt to circumstances and has amazing methods, he is truly skilled in both brains and brawn, one can’t help but admire him.” Fang Yuan said lightly, before changing the subjecting and asking the land spirit: “Do you have any leads on the white lotus giant silkworm Gu?”


 Fang Yuan’s cleanse soul Immortal Gu has not been fed, after this period of time, it became even weaker.


 But to feed cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he needed the flesh of the white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had asked Lang Ya land spirit, but Lang Ya land spirit did not have the recipe of the white lotus giant silkworm Gu, or even any remnant recipes of it.


 Thus, he could only ask for a lead, not raising any talk of the Gu recipe.


 Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “Lad, this white lotus giant silkworm Gu was created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. My main body had lived through the eras of Thieving Heaven and Giant Sun before dying. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable only rose up after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, by that time, I was already confined inside this blessed land, how could I have any leads?”


 “But, I do have an incredible transformation path killer move here. This killer move originated from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. When he was young, he used this set of Gu worms to hide his appearance and evade his enemies when they chased him, the effect was great. With this killer move, you will be able to change your appearance and aura, to conceal your identity. Even if Gu Immortals manage to deduce your identity, you might be able to deny it in person and claim that their deduction was wrong, successfully hoodwinking them!”



***
Chapter 709 - Familiar Face


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Oh?” As it involved Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Fang Yuan’s interest was roused: “Is it the legendary ‘familiar face’?”


 In Gu Master history, there were many interesting records about the immortal killer move ‘familiar face’.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had once relied on familiar face to transform into all sorts of appearances, he had once scammed a rank eight Gu Immortal, Deng Zuo Yan, while he himself had rank six cultivation, causing Deng Zuo Yan to think that he was his best friend, Wan Che Zhen. In the end, Deng Zuo Yan allowed the thief into his house, and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used the opportunity to steal a lot of treasures in his blessed land.


 After the incident, Deng Zuo Yan was angered to the point of spitting out blood, he found Wan Che Zhen and engaged in a fierce battle, it was an extremely heated match.


 Wan Che Zhen was very puzzled, he tried to explain himself but it was not working. In the end, he took a risk and stopped defending him, letting Deng Zuo Yan deal three blows to him.


 After three blows, Wan Che Zhen was on the verge of death, he finally managed to convince Deng Zuo Yan of their friendship.


 Deng Zuo Yan felt deep regret, he tried to heal Wan Che Zhen regardless of the consequences. After he found out the truth, he saw Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable as his most hated enemy and one that he must kill.


 Wan Che Zhen’s deep injuries could not heal, and seeing that Deng Zuo Yan was about to face a tribulation, he did not want to be a burden to his friend and left secretly.


 But to think that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had perfect timing, he disguised as Wan Che Zhen and lied to Deng Zuo Yan, lying in bed and pretending to be ill, extorting countless cultivation resources from him.


 After that, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable escaped scot-free.


 Deng Zuo Yan lost a huge amount of his foundation, he died during his heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity not long after. Wan Che Zhen heard that his friend had died and vomited blood from anger. His weak body that was heavily injured finally gave in and he died several days later.


 This was the most illustrious achievement of the immortal killer move ‘familiar face’.


 It was not an offensive killer move, but it indirectly took the lives of two rank eight Gu Immortals.


 In history, other than this incredible account, there were also countless incidents where Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used this move to pretend to be a weakling to catch people off guard, or scammed people by pretending to be an expert. He also transformed into a snowman and caused trouble in an inkman city, resulting in a huge battle between the snowmen and the inkmen.


 Lang Ya land spirit stared at Fang Yuan, shaking his head: “Familiar face? You are really daring! That is an immortal killer move, the core Gu is the legendary attitude Gu. Even if I give it to you, you will not be able to use it. But this killer move of mine has a huge relationship with familiar face, it can be said to be the former version of it, this is a mortal killer move and is suitable for you to use.”


 “Oh?” Bright light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Seeing that he had drawn out Fang Yuan’s interest, Lang Ya land spirit chuckled as he continued: “This killer move is called ‘unfamiliar face’. But if you want it, you will need to do me a favor.”


 Fang Yuan knew that there was no free lunch in this world, he nodded: “Say it.”


 Lang Ya land spirit said his plan immediately: “My twelve cloud buildings all had one desolate beast inside each in the past. But because of the attacks of the Gu Immortals from the mysterious force, two of them died and one died after succumbing to injuries. Now, I only have nine left. If you can enslave a desolate beast with outstanding battle strength for me, not only will I pay you immortal essence stones based on market rates, I will also give you this mortal killer move ‘unfamiliar face’.”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed deep inside: After making many transactions with Lang Ya land spirit over the Immortal Gu remnant recipes, and using the mountain pledge Gu to dispel any suspicions, along with returning the desolate beasts, he had finally improved his relationship with Lang Ya land spirit.


 In the past, Lang Ya land spirit would not ask Fang Yuan for such a matter.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and agreed.


 Next, he obtained three new Immortal Gu remnant recipes from Lang Ya land spirit, after saying goodbye, he went back to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Junior brother, you are back, was this trip successful?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was inside Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Now, with the eight desolate beasts already returned, it was impossible for Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan to stay in Hu Immortal blessed land, when Fang Yuan went to Lang Ya blessed land, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the only Gu Immortal left to defend it.


 “Mm, it was rather fruitful.” Fang Yuan said, returning landscape as before Gu and man as before Gu to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Shark Demon is calling me urgently, I have to go to Eastern Sea now.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng took the two Gu and rushed over without examining them.


 Fang Yuan did not obstruct him, he only told him to be careful.


 Now that he was finally alone, it was time to plan what to do for the future.


 “After resolving the huge crisis of Immortal Crane Sect attacking Hu Immortal blessed land, I have finally stabilized the situation, I have entered the righteous path faction using the status of a subsidiary force, now that I can sell guts Gu, I can intervene slightly in Central Continent’s matters now.”


 In the past, Fang Yuan was a mortal, he did not even have the qualifications to speak to Gu Immortals as equals. Although he had Hu Immortal blessed land, he was like a child walking into a bandit’s den holding primeval stones. Once the bandits saw Fang Yuan, they would only think of how to take Hu Immortal blessed land for themselves.


 Now that Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, he finally was qualified. After gathering his strength and showing the mysterious force behind him, he had finally intimidated Immortal Crane Sect and the other forces. Using the guts Gu transaction to form an economic connection between them, the child had now grown into a young man, seeing a bandit, he scattered some primeval stones to them. The bandits want to rob him, but they are afraid of a counterattack from the young man that would cause them to suffer greater losses, thus, they took the primeval stones to temporarily satisfy themselves.


 Furthermore, these bandits themselves are wary of each other and restrict themselves, their attention is placed on many other things. The young man is temporarily safe in this den.


 But Fang Yuan was aware, that when the guts Gu transactions become bigger, and the benefits become larger, there would be even greater pressure on him, as more people would want to snatch it from him.


 Especially during the five regions chaotic war, all of the forces would not let go of something that could raise their strength.


 Although the young man gave out some primeval stones and satisfied the bandits temporarily, as his wealth grows, these bandits were bound to engage in another attempt of robbery soon.


 Thus, Fang Yuan lowered his head and became a subsidiary of Immortal Crane Sect in name. This way, the young man was now a young bandit, these bandits could not rob each other, they had to follow the rules.


 But rules were just formless restrictions, as time passed, as the profits grew, they would have less effect.


 After all, this young bandit was not as powerful as he had displayed himself to be.


 “Four Gu Immortals, eight desolate beasts, this is just a facade that I put up by borrowing the strength of others. The Snowy Mountain Alliance I have with Hei Lou Lan has a time limit. Lang Ya blessed land is facing strong enemies, it can hardly protect itself, I cannot bring out the eight desolate beasts anytime I wish. Even though we made Immortal Crane Sect retreat and have set up transactions with the ten great ancient sects, since I have now appeared in the open, they will definitely use all sorts of methods to investigate me. They have not struck yet because they are not sure of my background at this point. One they know, they will strike again.” Fang Yuan considered.


 Using an analogy, when Fang Yuan first obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, the situation was like a torrential rainstorm with thunder and lightning, it was vicious weather and only by taking a fatal risk could he have a chance of survival.


 After Fang Yuan’s trip to Northern Plains, he became an immortal zombie, when he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, the situation was like a sky with dark clouds covering him, and strong winds blowing. The future was grim, only by plotting carefully, taking every step vigilantly, and grabbing onto every opportunity, could he climb out of the swamp slowly and with much difficulty.


 After Fang Yuan repelled Immortal Crane Sect and started selling guts Gu, the fierce winds had disappeared, and the dark clouds had thinned, a hole was exposed and the blue sky could be seen. The future was now bright and hopeful, but the dark clouds were still looming, if he was careless, they would cover the sky again, with lightning and rain pouring. It was like a person had just escaped from a swamp, he was standing at the edge of the swamp, finally safe for the time being.


 If he took a step back, Fang Yuan would fall into the swamp again, if he wanted to get out, he would need to struggle intensely, and his luck would matter greatly.


 If he moved forward, Fang Yuan would become more stable, and he would finally get back onto a wide and large track. Even if there were thorns along the way, it would not be like before, when he was struggling between life and death, and every step could lead to a fatal disaster.


 “The following period of time is a time of peace that I have obtained with much difficulty, I need to advance forward, accumulating my foundation and raising my cultivation, I have to become stronger, until none of the forces around me dare to have any ill intentions against me.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it carefully, there were several huge problems in front of him.


 The first question facing him now was the feeding of Immortal Gu.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was the most urgent one.


 Lang Ya land spirit and Fairy Li Shan did not have any leads to the white lotus giant silkworm Gu, even though he could buy some in treasure yellow heaven for a high price, it could only sustain cleanse soul Immortal Gu’s life and not let it die of hunger.


 To feed it till it was full, he needed ten thousand white lotus giant silkworm Gu, this Gu was in small quantity even for Gu Immortals who collected them.


 Unless Fang Yuan got the Gu recipe and refined it in bulk, he could not solve the issue completely.


 Looking at his other Immortal Gu, feeding them was still a huge problem.


 Although he got through it this time, the next round of feeding would be a problem again.


 The six headed snake’s bones had turned into black blood and were fed to calamity beckoning Immortal Gu. Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu’s feeding problem had never been resolved. It was just that Mo Yao’s will had fed it earlier, thus there were no issues yet.


 Worldly wave trace Gu needed tens of thousands of underworld jellyfish and thousands of deepsea lightning eels. Although the former was in huge quantity, it could be bought easily using immortal essence stones. But the latter was rare in the market, if not for Tai Bai Yun Sheng encountering Shark Demon and putting his own life at risk, he would not have gotten the required amount.


 Rising Azure Cloud was in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands, it need not be considered for now. Connect luck Immortal Gu needs five thousand kilograms of sand gull soil, looking at the condition of the worldly sand gull’s dead egg, it could produce another fifteen thousand kilograms, which was three feeding sessions. The feeding of Woman’s Heart was troublesome, after all, mass killing of mortals would attract the attack of righteous path Gu Immortals.


 After all, now was not the five regions chaotic war yet.


 Within the five regions, the righteous path suppressed the demonic path, order was abundant in society.


 Although Fang Yuan had many immortal essence stones now, the feeding of Immortal Gu could not be resolved simply by having immortal essence stones.


 Generally in most cases, the feeding of Immortal Gu was usually connected to the cultivation path of the Gu Immortal themselves, and their blessed land.



***
Chapter 710 - Crossing the Regional Wall


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 For instance, a water path Gu Immortal’s blessed land would be in the form of a sea. After obtaining worldly wave trace Gu, the Gu Immortal would raise underworld jellyfish, deepsea lightning eels and so on inside their blessed land. Thus, the Gu Immortal could be self-sufficient, by drawing materials from their own blessed land to feed the Immortal Gu Worldly Wave Trace.


 Another example was Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s two Immortal Gu, he could obtain food for them by managing his own blessed land.


 Hei Lou Lan’s blessed land contained large numbers of heavy metal ores. These heavy metals were strength qi Immortal Gu’s food.


 However, Fang Yuan’s situation was different from theirs.


 Their Immortal Gu were mostly obtained by refining vital Gu and core Gu when advancing to Gu Immortal, and were integrated with their path.


 Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu were mostly obtained from scheming. His vital Gu was Spring Autumn Cicada but he had no time path inheritance, and what he currently practiced was strength path.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu were extremely disordered, involving time path, space path, water path, wisdom path and other paths. The most crucial point was that Fang Yuan’s blessed land was dead.


 His immortal aperture had turned into a dead aperture and whatever he placed in there would die, it could neither be managed nor developed like a normal blessed land, nor could it provide convenience in feeding Immortal Gu, and most importantly it could not produce immortal essence. Thus, there was a much heavier burden on immortal essence stones.


 Fang Yuan not only had to use his immortal essence stones for transactions, but also turn a part of them into green grape immortal essence, and furthermore bear the costs for feeding Immortal Gu. The main reason for Fang Yuan almost becoming bankrupt after the battle with Hei Cheng was this.


 Thus the second problem in front of Fang Yuan was his immortal aperture.


 The immortal aperture was already dead, his cultivation had stagnated.


 The blessed land was involved in many aspects of the Gu Immortal’s cultivation, therefore this was a great burden to Fang Yuan. The day Fang Yuan truly got rid of his immortal zombie body would be the day he can formally start his Gu Immortal cultivation.


 However, getting rid of the immortal zombie body and returning to his human body meant Fang Yuan would not be able to step into the wisdom light halo, this was also a problem.


 As for the final important problem, it was battle strength.


 Currently, cleanse soul Immortal Gu was weak from hunger and was too risky to use. Fang Yuan’s trump card — the immortal killer move myriad self, also could not be used.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength had fallen as a result.


 Whether it was confronting Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects in the days to come, dealing with the pursuit of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals, seizing Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, helping Lang Ya land spirit to capture a desolate beast, seeking the Thieving Heaven inheritance pertaining to Luo Po Valley, taking Immortal Gu Dark Limit from Fairy Jiang Yu, all of these required powerful battle strength.


 “There are mainly four aspects that influence a Gu Immortal’s battle strength. The Gu Immortal’s own battle attainment, Immortal Gu, killer moves and immortal essence. With the guts Gu business now, I don’t lack immortal essence for the moment. A Gu Immortal’s battle attainment is formed from constant accumulation of their foundation over time and cannot be raised in a short period. In the Immortal Gu aspect, the Blood Deity remnant recipe is enough to deduce the complete blood deity Immortal Gu recipe, but my wealth right now is still quite far from reaching the standard of refining Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan thought it over, even if he could refine Blood Deity, he did not want to do so.


 Blood path had been affiliated with the demonic path since long ago, even the ten great ancient sects had to research blood path in secret and did not dare to publicly announce it. Heavenly Court even had the Demon Judgment Board and Fang Yuan did not want to put his name there this early.


 Moreover, almost all the Immortal Gu in Fang Yuan’s hands were in a bad state from hunger. The burden of feeding was too heavy and Fang Yuan lacked confidence in managing it if a new Immortal Gu was added on top of that.


 Therefore, the only method Fang Yuan could use to raise his battle strength quickly was through killer moves.


 The killer move aspect involved both immortal killer moves and mortal killer moves.


 “I have sufficient immortal essence stones, my disposable income is much higher than in the past, not only can I purchase a lot of good mortal killer moves, but I also can continuously experiment, deduce and reproduce some powerful killer moves from my past life.”


 Having thought things through, Fang Yuan immediately started with the task.


 Central Continent.


 With Feng Jiu Ge as the leader, a group of Gu Immortals were standing in front of an enormous light wall.


 The light wall was incomparably tall, connecting the sky and ground. The white light had condensed into a solid and formed a wall. Within it flickered golden light which was full of vigor and majesty.


 This was Central Continent’s membrane, known as the saint regional wall.


 The world of Gu Masters had five large regions: Central Continent, Southern Border, Eastern Sea, Western Desert and Northern Plains, each was covered with a layer of membrane forming the boundaries of heaven and earth, mutually isolating each other.


 “Old Oracle, what is the result of your calculation this time?” Old Lord Can Yang asked a young looking Gu Immortal in the group.


 The young looking Gu Immortal slowly opened his eyes, they were filled with clouds and mist and constantly transforming.


 A long while later, the clouds and mist dispersed and he returned to having ordinary white eyes with black pupils.


 The young looking Gu Immortal spoke with a slightly happy tone: “It can be done. This part of the regional wall is rather weak, it is the third weak spot we have found over these last days. But compared to the first and the second, this is more stable. I suggest we use this to cut open an entrance and cross the regional wall to Northern Plains!”


 “Hahaha, good, we have searched close to a thousand areas and finally found an ideal weak spot.” Old Man Tian Long laughed loudly.


 Fairy Ling Mei let out a breath of cloudy air and said with a sigh: “We have searched for so many days before finally getting a good result, it was really not easy.”


 “We have already wasted a lot of time, let’s begin.” Feng Jiu Ge said briefly, “Who goes first?”


 Fairy Ao Xue and Fairy Ling Mei glanced at each other, then stood up together, speaking in unison: “This time, let our Heaven’s Envy Manor take the lead.”


 With that statement, the two exerted strength and activated an immortal killer move together, called peerless crescent moon slash.


 This killer move’s core was the rank seven crescent moon Immortal Gu, with two rank six Immortal Gu as support. The immortal essence required to activate this immortal killer move was extremely high and it also burdened the mind significantly; just one Gu Immortal could not display its might, two Gu Immortals must activate it together.


 The immortal killer move was activated, instantly forming a blue crescent moon.


 The crescent moon was not large and was only the size of a water jar, but it had condensed into solid form and was sparkling like a magnificent piece of artwork. Only the terrifying aura it leaked out occasionally would let one know that it was not harmless like its appearance showed.


 The surrounding Gu Immortals distanced themselves far away from Ao Xue and Ling Mei.


 After accumulating enough power, the two fairies gave soft cries and released the blue crescent moon.


 The crescent moon flew extremely quick and silently, shining with gentle moonlight.


 The blue crescent moon slashed the saint regional wall and immediately cut open a path about seventy-six steps in length.


 “Worthy of being a well-known killer move of Heaven’s Envy Manor, it directly cut open a distance of seventy-six steps, remarkable.” Gu Immortal Chen Zhen Chi exclaimed in admiration.


 Feng Jiu Ge led the way with the other Gu Immortals behind him and entered the saint regional wall.


 The moment they stepped into the saint regional wall, many Gu Immortals’ expressions changed slightly. Their bodies became heavier, their thoughts moved more slowly and even the immortal aperture inside them gradually started to tremor.


 “Quick, we need to move faster.” Feng Jiu Ge hastened. They had walked seventy-four steps before they could not walk any further.


 In this short period of time, the saint regional wall had already started to rapidly heal; the path of seventy-six steps in depth had already shortened by two steps.


 Old Lord Can Yang stood up: “Next, let this old man give it a try.”


 He took out an Immortal Gu, this Immortal Gu resembled a mostly burnt out candle with a small amount of candlelight burning at the top.


 Old Lord Can Yang softly blew at the candlelight.


 The candlelight shook and following the direction of Old Lord Can Yang’s breath, it let out countless glittering light spots.


 The light spots struck the white-gold saint regional wall, the regional wall melted like snow as it rapidly dissolved and formed a sixty-three steps passage.


 Everyone quickly moved ahead. At the end of the passage, Old Man Tian Long stood up and activated an Immortal Gu, opening a sixty-seven steps passage.


 All the Gu Immortals took turns in using their Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves to open the passage deeper into the saint regional wall.


 The deeper they went, the greater the pressure on them was, even turning into a giant force that dragged them backwards, seemingly as if this world did not want them to leave Central Continent.


 The thoughts in their minds also kept on moving increasingly slowly, which caused the Gu Immortals to have extreme difficulty in activating their immortal killer moves. As a wisdom path Gu Immortal, Old Oracle had no choice but to use all sorts of methods and even immortal killer moves to reinforce the other Gu Immortals’ minds. But in spite of this, Ao Xue and Ling Mei, these two fairies could not activate peerless crescent moon slash anymore.


 The most crucial point was the immortal apertures in their bodies.


 The deeper they went, the greater the intensity of the tremors in their immortal apertures. The earth within their blessed lands cracked, boulders started falling down and countless life forms within died pitifully.


 These Gu Immortals came from the ten great ancient sects, they were famous experts with outstanding battle strength. However, several hundred steps later, most turned pale, some with weaker cultivation even started trembling slightly.


 A thousand steps later, most of the Gu Immortals were covered with sweat, some were deathly pale. Ao Xue and Ling Mei were walking while supporting each other.


 Only Feng Jiu Ge alone was still walking ahead upright, his expression was normal. Every time he made a move, they were all immortal killer moves, cutting open passages longer than a hundred steps.


 After walking for over three thousand steps, there was much thinner white-gold light in front, instead a trace of green was vaguely revealed.


 “Old Oracle, your deduction was correct, this is indeed a weak area of saint regional wall, we reached here after only walking over three thousand steps.” Someone immediately praised.


 “Beyond saint regional wall is Northern Plains’ licorice regional wall. Let’s speed up and break through it in one move!” Old Lord Can Yang attempted to raise the morale while gasping for breath.


 The young looking Gu Immortal Old Oracle, however, was somewhat worried: “My ability is limited, I could only deduce saint regional wall. Hopefully this area of licorice regional wall is not too thick.”


 After around eight minutes, the Gu Immortals were out of saint regional wall and entered into licorice regional wall.


 This regional wall was quite different from saint regional wall. The Gu Immortals felt an enormous formless force pushing at them and constantly repelling them.


 The intensity of the tremors of their immortal apertures increased further, the losses causing great heartache to many Gu Immortals.


 “I hope we can subdue one or two Immortal Gu in this trip to Northern Plains, otherwise the losses would be too huge.” Old Man Tian Long said.


 “Sigh, I had passed the regional wall to Northern Plains when I was younger, but back then the whole process only took about five minutes of time and was very easy.” Gu Immortal Hong Chi Ming sighed deeply.


 When he had crossed the regional wall back then, he had only been a rank four Gu Master. As one’s cultivation became higher, the difficulty in traversing regional walls would become increasingly difficult.


 After a long time, this group of Gu Immortals had no choice but to stop.


 They were in licorice regional wall and everywhere around them was filled with green fog. Grass was growing wildly in the fog and was constantly twining and twisting like a sea of snakes or hair, blocking their paths.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s body was dripping with sweat and his lips were pale: “This won’t do, this part of licorice regional wall is extremely firm, we need to change to another direction even if we have to walk more.”


 Everyone nodded, approving of Feng Jiu Ge’s resoluteness.


 Old Oracle began to deduce, and in this period of time, the regional wall was constantly recovering, making the Gu Immortals retreat further.


 “This way.” Finally, Old Oracle calculated a direction.


 The Gu Immortals changed their direction and after suffering bitterly for a day and a night, they passed the licorice regional wall and entered Northern Plains.


 “Rest and reorganize for three days, we will talk after that.” Feng Jiu Ge exhaustedly said.


 Among the whole group, only he was able to barely stand while the others fell down unsteadily to the ground like piles of mud, not wanting to even budge anymore.



***
Chapter 711 - Giving Up on Possession


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Cranes cried out, flying beautifully in the sky, displaying their elegant appearances.


 As the wind blew gently, the trees on Fei He mountain were swaying lightly.


 The sun was high in the sky, but the sunlight could not penetrate into this dark gloomy underground secret room.


 The underground secret room was plain and simple, the surroundings were stone walls and other than the stone bed at the center, there was nothing.


 Moist water vapor slipped into the cracks of the walls, as moss grew on them.


 On the stone bed, there was a rotten and ruined body of a young rank five Gu Master, it was Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 In order to detect Fang Yuan’s location, coordinating with He Feng Yang to attack Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Zheng was plotted against by Lord Sky Crane and lost control of the failed blood demon flower Gu, causing him to lose too much blood and his soul went on the verge of collapse, as he entered a deep state of unconsciousness.


 “You want to revive Fang Zheng?” He Feng Yang was right beside the stone bed, looking at the spirit incubating flea which was floating in front of him.


 Fang Zheng’s master was inside the spirit incubating flea — Lord Sky Crane’s soul.


 At this moment, a firm voice came from within the flea: “Yes lord, I am willing to give up this possession opportunity, please save Fang Zheng instead.”


 He Feng Yang turned his gaze towards Fang Zheng who had fainted, saying softly: “The injuries to his body might seem terrifying, but it is not a big concern, even without my help, the sect has many ways to heal him. The problem is his soul. He did the blood sense forcefully this time, it caused a huge burden on his soul, his soul was only a step away from collapsing.”


 “Actually, the current situation is most suitable for you to possess his body. This body has A grade aptitude and a rank five aperture, his soul is extremely weak so if you undergo possession now, you would win the contest between souls without doubt. Wasn’t possession your goal all along?”


 Lord Sky Crane laughed bitterly.


 Ever since he used the method to harm Fang Zheng, Lord Sky Crane had been recalling Fang Zheng’s appearance and all the memories of their experiences had been flashing through his mind.


 Fang Zheng’s purity, his pursuit of justice, it reminded him of his younger self. Fang Zheng’s desire for revenge was so similar to his own experiences.


 “Subordinate’s original plan was to possess Fang Zheng. But... now in my heart, I feel guilt and reluctance. According to logic, he has the bloodline of First Gen Gu Yue, yet he has been calling me master and trusts me, he had never thought I would harm him. He believes in justice, just like I did in the past. If I kill him and succeed in the possession, I would have to live within his shell in the future, how would I face myself?”


 Lord Sky Crane sighed.


 He Feng Yang was silent for a while, before he raised his hand and placed it on Fang Zheng’s forehead.


 A green light that was gentle as water dripped down from He Feng Yang’s palm, spreading all over Fang Zheng’s body.


 Everywhere the green light reached, his swollen flesh and scars healed rapidly at a visible rate.


 After several breaths of time, Fang Zheng’s body fully recovered, his breathing relaxed, but he was still unconscious.


 “I have already healed his physical body, and stabilized his soul. As a reward for being my subordinate, I will give you another opportunity, Sky Crane. You do not need to give up on the possession chance, I will give you some time to consider it, think it through properly.” He Feng Yang said.


 “Lord...”


 He Feng Yang retracted his hand: “The possession technique we have is not complete, it originated from Northern Plains. Right now, our sect’s Old Lord Can Yang has followed Feng Jiu Ge into Northern Plains, he had been assigned several missions from the sect him. One of them is to collect more information and improve the possession technique. When he returns to the sect, Sky Crane, you will have a higher chance of succeeding in the possession. By that point, you would have already reflected thoroughly on it, give me the answer then.”


 “Lord...”


 Without waiting for Lord Sky Crane to finish speaking, He Feng Yang waved his sleeves and his figure vanished.


 Hu Immortal blessed land, in an underground cave.


 The wisdom light halo that was shining in many colors shone on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly locked, his expression was grim and uncertain.


 Guh.


 Suddenly, he opened his mouth, spitting a mouthful of green zombie blood. At the same time, countless joyful wills in his mind collapsed and disintegrated.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan had gotten injured from using the light of wisdom.


 Fang Yuan stepped out of the light of wisdom, finding a mushroom nearby and sitting on it like a bench.


 He stretched out one arm to wipe the zombie blood around his mouth, as he inspected his mind while enduring the huge pain in his head.


 His mind was experiencing tremors, thoughts disintegrated on their own the moment they were created. The surrounding boundaries of his mind had mild cracks on them, this was the backlash due to Fang Yuan’s forceful thinking.


 At this moment, as long as Fang Yuan had a thought, intense pain would assault his mind.


 He shut his eyes and stopped all his thinking, he was like a rock statue without any movement.


 A while later, he slowly opened his eyes, inspecting his mind again.


 The tremors had stopped in his mind, but the boundaries still had remaining cracks on them. The speed of his thought generation was slower than before, but they would not collapse upon creation.


 That was to say, Fang Yuan could think again.


 This injury was no doubt a valuable experience, Fang Yuan learned many things from it.


 “Wisdom path deductions have a risk as well, one can get injured. Just like strength path, overexerting oneself would cause them to pull their muscles, and their tendons might even break.”


 “This time, I was trying to deduce a difficult question of the star path, I used a large amount of joyful wills and the unlimited inspiration from the light of wisdom to deduce countless possibilities. It surpassed the limits and endurance level of my mind, thus I got injured.”


 “I thought I could use the power of wisdom Gu to deduce the recipe of star shoot Gu. But now it seems that my star path foundation is too low, the unlimited inspiration can give me countless possibilities and directions, but I will need to deduce every single possibility. At the same time, during the process of deduction, more choices would be generated.”


 Star shoot Gu was Star Lord Wan Xiang’s self-created Gu worm. Using large numbers of star rain Gu, small numbers of spring wind Gu, as well as many other Gu worms, one could assemble the killer move — Spring Star Rain.


 The effect of spring star rain was to increase the growth rate of plants. Fang Yuan used it many times to nourish his star fragment grass.


 But star shoot Gu was a consumable Gu, right now, he could only purchase it from Star Lord Wan Xiang, and Star Lord Wan Xiang was making a huge profit out of this Gu.


 Fang Yuan had wanted to use the light of wisdom to reverse engineer the star shoot Gu’s recipe, but he did not succeed, and even got himself injured.


 “Although star shoot Gu is a mortal Gu, it had been tampered with by Star Lord Wan Xiang, the recipe is very hard to reverse refine. Unless my star path realm reaches master level, if not, it will be hard to succeed.” Fang Yuan had a realization.


 Star path master level realm, it represented a foundation in star path, and could greatly reduce the possibilities when undergoing deductions. It could help Fang Yuan reach the correct answer much quicker.


 Fang Yuan made an estimate based on the difficulty: “If reverse refining star shoot Gu’s recipe requires star path master level attainment, then researching an entirely new Gu recipe to create the starlight firefly Gu would be even harder, most likely, star path grandmaster realm is needed. As for modifying Dou Min Jun’s star path inheritance and creating an entire new star path Gu worm, to amplify the effects of attacking, defending, movement, and healing in star path Gu worms, that would be even harder. At least quasi-great grandmaster realm attainment is required.”


 Starlight firefly Gu was a necessity in activating stargate Gu, it would not hurt to have more of it.


 But in Dou Min Jun’s inheritance, a bit of star Gu, brilliance of two stars Gu, three stars in the sky Gu, four stars cube Gu, five stars aligned Gu, these could amplify the offense of star path Gu worms. If this was circulated, star path Gu would definitely become much more popular, it would even have a mild effect on the current status of the different paths.


 Fang Yuan’s original plan was to reverse refine the Gu recipe of star shoot Gu and starlight firefly Gu, one was to escape from his reliance on Star Lord Wan Xiang, but also to have a method to obtain even more starlight firefly Gu for his use of stargates.


 In addition, raising the effects of a bit of star Gu, brilliance of two stars Gu, three stars in the sky Gu... this series of Gu worms would help in developing a whole new star path killer move that would suit Fang Yuan’s needs, and raise his battle strength.


 But after making an attempt, Fang Yuan knew that this was not feasible yet.


 Even if he had the light of wisdom and had unlimited inspiration, his refinement path realm was master level, his star path realm was merely ordinary, it was hard for his plans to work.


 “It seems that to raise my battle strength, I have to focus on my strengths and make use of my advantages.” Fang Yuan assessed himself, he was a blood path grandmaster, strength path grandmaster, flying quasi-grandmaster, refinement path master, enslavement path master, as well as transformation path master.


 He first eliminated blood path.


 Blood path Gu Immortals were heavily targeted by everyone, because blood path cultivation focused on harming others to raise one’s own battle strength. The righteous and demonic paths were both unwilling to face such a huge threat like blood path Gu Immortals.


 Only during the five regions chaotic war, when the law and order of the regions go into chaos, would blood path emerge again.


 Although Fang Yuan had Blood Deity’s remnant recipe, he did not want to deduce the completed recipe yet, he did not have the financial capability to refine blood deity Immortal Gu now.


 Furthermore, the blood path inheritance in his previous life had yet to mature, he could not retrieve it yet.


 Next, Fang Yuan eliminated strength path.


 Strength path had once flourished in the past, at present, it had already heavily declined. Even though there were incredible geniuses like Chu Du, it was unlikely for the past glory of strength path to reappear.


 The might and prosperity of a path not only relied on genius Gu Masters and Gu Immortals, they also relied on resources.


 In the present era, the resources for strength path had mostly gone extinct, or were extremely rare.


 Strength path had little prospects, many Gu recipes were lost, and the future was grim. Even though Fang Yuan was a strength path immortal zombie, he did not want to walk on this path.


 The reason he chose strength path was because the conditions back then were very convenient, he would use it as a springboard, to change to another path in the future. He later became a strength path immortal zombie because he was left with no choice in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Unless Fang Yuan was like Hei Lou Lan with multiple strength path Immortal Gu, who can raise her battle strength using these Immortal Gu. But such a situation was not feasible for Fang Yuan.


 Blood path and strength path were dead ends, flying quasi-grandmaster was merely part of his battle proficiency, refinement path did not excel in fighting, Fang Yuan’s only options were enslavement path and transformation path.


 But enslavement path needed beast groups.


 At the level of Gu Immortals, ordinary beasts were of little use. Their core beast groups would be elevated from mutated beast kings and beast emperors to desolate beasts.


 Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom and thought about it for a long time.


 Three days later, he finally made a breakthrough in transformation path.



***
Chapter 712 - Lion Fur Armor, Transplanting Bat Wings


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time flew by quickly and in a blink of an eye, ten days had passed in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was flying in the air.


 “Hair armor.” His thoughts shifted, his hair grew wildly and instantly condensed into a malevolent looking pitch black armor full of spikes.


 “Icy drill stardust.” Fang Yuan pinched at the air with his five fingers, a ball of starlight formed on his hand.


 The starlight constantly let out crackling sounds, looking closely inside, one could discover there were countless small specks of icy drills colliding and exploding non-stop.


 Fang Yuan slowly pressed this ball of starlight into the hair armor on his chest.


 The hair armor lasted for a few breaths before it began to be damaged. A dozen or so breaths later, the surroundings of the damaged area were dyed azure blue, and the blue frost was spreading everywhere.


 Twenty breaths later, the hair armor completely shattered, and there was a small hole on Fang Yuan’s chest.


 This was completely within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 He had merged Du Min Jun’s inheritance into icy drill stardust, this would sell for four immortal essence stones in treasure yellow heaven. And the defensive killer move hair armor would only be worth around two and a half immortal essence stones.


 The starlight on his palm dissipated, Fang Yuan willed and activated hair armor again.


 However, the hair armor this time was different, it was a new and improved version, having gone through many days of experimentation.


 The hair armor transformed quickly. The useless malevolent spikes were removed. The black iron-like luster before also turned into bronze.


 The primary cause for this was Fang Yuan perfectly merging large numbers of golden lion fur Gu into the original foundation of hair armor.


 Golden lion fur Gu was a rank five mortal Gu that could let Gu Masters grow golden lion fur, increasing their defense and having an even higher increase in resistance to metal path attacks.


 Several breaths later, the original black iron spiked hair armor was gone, and replacing it was a smooth bronze armor which was twice the thickness of the black armor. The helmet had turned into the shape of a lion roaring with an open mouth, revealing Fang Yuan’s face inside. The defensive ability had also increased by one hundred and fifty percent. If it was defending against metal path attacks, the defensive power would increase by a whole two hundred percent.


 Fang Yuan made a lump of starlight again and pressed it towards his chest area like before.


 The stardust drilled endlessly into the hair armor, but after a whole dozen or so breaths had gone by, the starlight was completely used up and merely a crack appear on the hair armor.


 “Let’s call it lion fur armor.” Fang Yuan mumbled to himself before raising his eight arms and letting out eight lumps of starlight.


 The starlight flew to the sky and gathered into a large lump.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, charging into the large lump of stardust with his lion fur armor.


 The icy drill stardust constantly produced tiny explosions which impacted against Fang Yuan’s lion fur armor from all directions.


 Fang Yuan constantly maintained the lion fur armor killer move, rapidly restoring any cracks that appeared. He maintained it till the starlight lump dissipated, and then flew down. There was not even a trace of a crack on the lion fur armor.


 “Such recovery ability is about twice that of before. If placed in treasure yellow heaven, this could sell for four and a half immortal essence stones.”


 Lion fur armor was one of the accomplishments Fang Yuan had made these days.


 He returned to Dang Hun palace where Hu Immortal land spirit was maintaining connecting heaven Gu, paying attention to treasure yellow heaven.


 “How is the situation?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Master, the other party is still insisting on four immortal essence stones and shows no signs of lowering it.” Little Hu Immortal land spirit replied.


 Fang Yuan wanted to buy a pair of bat desolate beast wings.


 The other party had killed this bat desolate beast and was putting its corpse on sale in treasure yellow heaven. Fang Yuan had asked for price before, but the other party had asked for four immortal essence stones just for this pair of bat wings, and their attitude was firm, not willing to lower it.


 Four immortal essence stones was no doubt an expensive price. Back then, when Fang Yuan bought a six headed snake’s skeleton, he had only had to pay three immortal essence stones.


 According to the normal price, it should be two and a half at most.


 Fang Yuan personally activated divine sense Gu and used the identity of Eight Arm Immortal to get in touch with the seller: “I am willing to pay three immortal essence stones to buy this pair of bat wings.”


 The seller’s will, however, refused: “I’m not selling, not selling, the lowest is at least four immortal essence stones.”


 Fang Yuan snorted: “Sir is too greedy, look at how damaged these desolate beast wings are, they would normally only sell for two and a half immortal essence stones. If not for me wanting to research some new Gu and coincidentally happening to need this material, I would not have even asked.”


 The seller’s will’s tone softened and it sighed: “I am also helpless, my losses were too severe when hunting this desolate beast. This desolate beast’s blood had already flowed out and my main body also suffered heavy injuries, if I don’t sell it for this price, my finances will collapse and it might even lead to a delay in healing my injuries.”


 “Whether you live or die, is that my problem? Also, why would I believe your one-sided words? Three immortal essence stones, are you selling or not?” Fang Yuan said coldly.


 “Not selling.”


 Fang Yuan immediately withdrew his divine sense.


 After a while, he commanded Little Hu Immortal land spirit to inquire about the price and show a stance of being impatient: “How about this, I will take out three immortal essence stones to buy your bat wings. Say it, are you selling or not?”


 The seller’s will hesitated this time, but still refused in the end: “This pair of wings is the most valuable part of the whole desolate beast corpse. If sir only wants to buy the wings, it won’t be easy for me to sell the remaining parts. If you are sincerely thinking of buying, how about you take out five immortal essence stones to buy this whole desolate beast corpse?”


 Little Hu Immortal talked with Fang Yuan, and replied: “I only need the wings, what will I do with the other parts? I have wasted enough time already. Three immortal essence stones are already a lot, alright I shall give you three and a half immortal essence stones, this is my final bottom line. If you are still not selling, then forget it.”


 The seller’s will was clearly shaken and it replied with hesitation: “This... let me consider it.”


 The land spirit hastened him: “My patience has limits, I will give you five breaths of time. Any longer and I might just take back my offer.”


 Four breaths passed before the seller’s will heaved a long sigh. He also knew that although there was a high demand for desolate beast corpses but his price was indeed high. Gu Immortals were shrewd people, there were few that would spend money casually.


 “Alright, I will sell...” The seller’s will was just replying when a divine sense interrupted him, “Slow down, I want this bat desolate beast’s corpse, I will give you five immortal essence stones.”


 “Eh? Sir is Immortal Monkey King!” This change naturally made the seller very happy.


 If he sold the bat wings to Fang Yuan for three and a half immortal essence stones, then trying to sell the remaining parts of the corpse which were extremely damaged for one immortal essence stone would be demanding a very high price.


 Now, Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei cut in and was willing to pay five immortal essence stones, the seller was naturally willing to accept this transaction.


 “Wait a second, we have already made the deal. Immortal Monkey King, what do you think you are doing by suddenly butting in?” Hu Immortal land spirit refused to accept this.


 “What deal?” Shi Lei scoffed, “Who are you kidding? Does business in treasure yellow heaven pay attention to first come, first serve? The item will naturally go to whoever pays the higher price. Since the transaction has not been carried out, there is no deal.”


 After saying that, Shi Lei then said to the seller: “Hey, this deal will earn you a great profit, why are you not quickly finishing the transaction?”


 The seller’s will was just about to nod when Hu Immortal land spirit obtained Fang Yuan’s instructions and immediately prevented it: “Slow down, I will pay five and a half immortal essence stones.”


 “Hmph, only adding half an immortal essence stone, aren’t you too petty? I will pay seven immortal essence stones.” Shi Lei said with a rich and overbearing attitude.


 Hu Immortal land spirit’s tone immediately became gloomy: “Since it is so, I will pay eight immortal essence stones.”


 “Eight?” Shi Lei laughed, “Then I will pay nine!”


 “Nine and a half.” Hu Immortal land spirit immediately quoted.


 That seller’s will had never expected such a change and was already overjoyed.


 Shi Lei was dazed before laughing loudly: “Alright, Hu Immortal, as expected of someone doing the business of guts Gu, you have so much money. I don’t want to contend with a junior. Just a mere damaged desolate beast corpse, I hope you can be happy when you take it.”


 The divine sense left directly after laughing heartily.


 “Hu... Lord Hu Immortal... you meant what you said, right?” The seller’s will wore a fawning smile as he said while stammering. From the looks of it, he had not lied before, he was indeed a poor rank six Gu Immortal.


 “Hmph, business needs to be done with sincerity, would my words be a lie?” Hu Immortal land spirit coldly snorted.


 The two finished the transaction.


 The seller received nine and a half immortal essence stones while Fang Yuan obtained a bat desolate beast’s corpse.


 After this transaction, Fang Yuan checked his wealth again; he had one hundred and seventy-two immortal essence stones and seventy-seven beads of green grape immortal essence.


 So far, Fang Yuan had already sold the sixth batch of guts Gu. It was an average of one batch per month and every batch gave him forty-eight immortal essence stones in profit.


 Over these six months, Fang Yuan had completed one transaction of an Immortal Gu recipe with Lang Ya land spirit, earning over twenty immortal essence stones.


 But he had fed the eight desolate beasts earlier and converted large numbers of immortal essence stones into green grape immortal essence. He also consumed green grape immortal essence to reverse refine star path Gu recipes, which ended in failure, and finally, to make a breakthrough using transformation path, he improved on his killer moves.


 He had not only improved his defensive killer move hair armor to lion fur armor, but also upgraded light illusion bat wings by a great degree.


 But to complete the new light illusion bat wings, he needed to transplant a pair of real bat wings onto his immortal zombie body.


 Because of this, Fang Yuan did not hesitate on spending a large amount to buy this bat desolate beast’s corpse.


 “Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei, making me spend three times the price to buy this bat corpse. I will remember this.”


 Shi Lei was a higher up of Combat Immortal Sect, which was one of the ten great ancient sects. During his previous life’s five regions chaotic war, after Feng Jiu Ge died, he replaced Feng Jiu Ge as the most powerful rank seven in Central Continent. He was an earth path expert but cultivated transformation path as well, having secretly obtained several inheritances of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable.


 Fang Yuan thought of raising the price of guts Gu to Combat Immortal Sect, but he dispelled this thought after pondering about it.


 For the next half a month, he concentrated on handling the bat desolate beast’s corpse.


 He carefully cut apart the bat wings and did more than a dozen sessions of meticulous treatment and maintenance.


 He then used fire path and strength path Gu worms to constantly temper the bat wings; as a result, the extremely wide bat wings gradually became more condensed and small.


 Finally, after Fang Yuan endured intense pain, he finally succeeded in transplanting the bat wings onto his back.



***
Chapter 713 - True Solid Bat Wings


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A wind wolf had its head lowered, its four limbs were stealthily moving as it traveled in the lush grassland.


 The prey that it was targeting was a pink flower rabbit.


 The rabbit’s two ears were standing on end, listening to every movement nearby. The rabbit’s head was buried in the flowers, eating pollen as food.


 As a cool breeze blew on this mountain, flowers blossomed in this lush greenery, giving off waves of fragrant smells.


 The wind wolf slowly got closer, but the pink flower rabbit had no idea.


 Suddenly, a black shadow flew past the ground rapidly.


 The pink flower rabbit was shocked, it raised its head. Even though Hu Immortal blessed land had no eagle groups, it sprinted away in fear, managing to survive this trial, causing the wind wolf to fail in its hunt.


 Fang Yuan, who was flying in the air, observed all of this.


 He could not help but start to think: “Right now, I have ample funds, and my own blessed land has turned into a dead aperture, I might as well manage this Hu Immortal blessed land first. After the journey in Northern Plains, the beast groups in Hu Immortal blessed land had fallen in numbers, becoming very sparse. Right now, I am already selling guts Gu, the rockmen transaction is simply unnecessary.”


 “Hu Immortal was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, Hu Immortal blessed land has a grassland landscape, it is most suited for raising fox groups. If I raise the vitality of Hu Immortal blessed land and make it flourish with life, when I revive, I would gain much greater benefits if I fuse this Hu Immortal blessed land.”


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan inspected the bat wings on his back.


 This was the third time he had tested out flying with these newly transplanted bat wings on his back.


 The processed bat wings, if spread fully, were not even half of Fang Yuan’s arm length. They were yellow-brown in color, and were quite petite, they seemed much less impressive than the prior light illusion bat wings.


 But Fang Yuan did not care about appearance, he only looked at its value and usefulness.


 The new light illusion bat wings gave Fang Yuan almost double the speed boost, at the same time, the duration of his flight had greatly increased. After all, the bat wings back then were only a phantom, the bat wings now were real physical wings.


 The flesh, skin, fur, bones, and blood were all condensed and refined. There were also many Gu worms inside these wings.


 The Gu worms residing in the bat wings were used to activate the newly modified movement killer move, light illusion bat wings.


 “No, right now, using the name light illusion bat wings for this killer move is no longer appropriate. I should call it true solid bat wings.” Fang Yuan created a new name for this newly modified killer move.


 He was more pleased with this movement killer move true solid bat wings than the lion fur armor.


 If this movement killer move was sold in treasure yellow heaven, it could be sold for six immortal essence stones or more!


 That was because true solid bat wings had much potential left, one pair of bat wings was not its limit. It could transplant three pairs of bat wings at most. The origin of these wings should be at least desolate beasts. Of course, ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts would be even better.


 If Fang Yuan could transplant three pairs of desolate beast bat wings on his back, his speed would be at least three times faster.


 Light illusion bat wings was the most widely spread movement killer move during the five regions chaotic war due to its price to value ratio. On that basis, raising one’s speed by three times as much would be even more impressive.


 Even though it could not compare to movement Immortal Gu like Worldly Wave Trace, or Rising Azure Cloud, if Fang Yuan met Plump Lady again, her light sand escape would not allow her to run from Fang Yuan’s assault.


 As the winds blew intensely behind him, Fang Yuan flapped with his wings and flew up into the sky.


 After flying to a high altitude in midair, Fang Yuan closed his eyes and felt the sensation of the air currents blowing on the bat wings silently.


 His immortal zombie body could not feel any pain, his sense of touch was nearly non-existent. This was a strength and also a weakness.


 When Fang Yuan transplanted the bat wings, he spent a lot of effort in order to retain the sense of pain and touch that the bat wings had. Only by doing this could he have a clearer and realistic feeling of the air when he flaps his wings, to feel the strength of the air currents, and to sense the state of the wings.


 Losing the sense of pain numbed him and made Fang Yuan fight more fiercely.


 But flying was another matter.


 Flying required meticulous control, especially when Fang Yuan’s flying attainment had reached quasi-grandmaster level. Only by regaining his sense of pain and touch could he truly display his actual flying attainment.


 If it was a pair of zombified wings, the feeling would be very vague, especially in intense battles, when he needed to rely on the wings, sensitive nerves would allow him to react and adapt more easily, instead of being rough and careless.


 “With a boost in movement strength, I will be able to advance or retreat at will. After I get three pairs of wings, true solid bat wings will be an exceptional mortal killer move, it would only lose out to worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan was a strength path Gu Immortal, he obtained a strength path immortal body. Worldly wave trace Immortal Gu had the law of water path, when Fang Yuan uses this Immortal Gu, water path and strength path do not work together perfectly, there was a problem of them restricting each other.


 If a fire path Gu Immortal uses worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, his speed would be even slower than Fang Yuan.


 The most suitable would be water path Gu Immortals, when they use this same Gu, by expending the same amount of immortal essence, they would achieve greater speed.


 Most importantly, true solid bat wings was a mortal killer move, compared to using worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, it had a much greater value to cost ratio.


 This was the intelligence of humans.


 Using the combination of many mortal Gu, they could achieve an effect that was only somewhat below Immortal Gu.


 Using Gu, nurturing Gu, and refining Gu, they were extremely profound and deep.


 “The corpse of a desolate beast is rarely seen, even if Gu Immortals sell new beast corpses in treasure yellow heaven, they might not be bats. To collect two more pairs of bat wings, I would need to actively seek them. It seems that now, I should take some risks and go to Starry Sky grotto-heaven.”


 The immortal aperture of a rank eight or nine was known as a grotto-heaven.


 The owner of Starry Sky grotto-heaven was a rank eight Gu Immortal from one thousand and seven hundred years ago, Seven Star Child.


 Seven Star Child had died long ago, during Fang Yuan’s previous life, one day, Starry Sky grotto-heaven fell from high up in Central Continent, it broke up into tens of immortal aperture fragments, and was scattered all over Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan had already become a Gu Immortal, he could not enter these grotto-heaven fragments.


 These fragment worlds of the grotto-heaven were already very fragile, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level was too high and if he tried entering one, it would destroy the extremely unstable grotto-heaven fragment.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had a bunch of elite subordinates in Blood Wing Demon Sect.


 After competing with several Gu Immortals, they split a relatively large grotto-heaven fragment world between themselves.


 Fang Yuan and the other immortals sent their respective Gu Master disciples or subordinates towards the grotto-heaven fragment world to explore and find resources.


 Fang Yuan left a will in each of his capable subordinates’ minds to direct and supervise them.


 Thus, he was rather familiar with the scenery inside Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 “In this life, currently, Starry Sky grotto-heaven is still high up in the sky, it had not fallen or broken into pieces. The scenery of Starry Sky grotto-heaven in my mind will allow me to use Fixed Immortal Travel to enter the grotto-heaven in advance, to take the resources inside. I remember that there were a number of desolate beasts inside the grotto-heaven, there were even ancient desolate beasts and among them, there was a star demon bat desolate beast. My goal this time is to go and kill the star demon bat, and obtain the wings. At the same time, I can check the situation and see if I can capture a desolate beast and bring it to Lang Ya land spirit.” Fang Yuan planned in his mind.


 There were still many places in Fang Yuan’s memories that were similar to this Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 But for some, now was not the time yet, and others were simply too dangerous.


 Starry Sky grotto-heaven was the immortal aperture of a rank eight Gu Immortal, it had not reached the point of breaking down like in Fang Yuan’s previous life, it was still very strong now.


 “In my previous life, I only sent people to indirectly explore the grotto-heaven fragment world. By that time, the heavenly spirit was no longer around. But in this life, if I go now, the heavenly spirit is sure to be alive, it can summon the entire defensive power of Starry Sky grotto-heaven. If I had not become an immortal zombie, I would not have the qualifications to explore it.”


 Fang Yuan did not know too much about the current Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he could only deduce it based on his previous life’s experiences.


 In his previous life, he was not the person who benefited the most from this opportunity. It was a rank eight immortal zombie who rose up as a result of this. The ten great ancient sects which had been extremely forceful all along suffered a loss under the hands of this immortal zombie.


 Next, this immortal zombie entered the Central Continent Zombie Alliance branch, and easily defeated the branch leader, becoming the one in charge and calling himself Star Constellation immortal zombie.


 He had been the cause of many incidents, during the five regions chaotic war, he was an overlord that could hold his own in his territory.


 As for the real Starry Sky heavenly spirit, Fang Yuan did not see it, and did not know the conditions for the grotto-heaven to belong to a new owner.


 A few days later, Hei Lou Lan brought strength qi Immortal Gu and entered Hu Immortal blessed land using a stargate. Next, in Fang Yuan’s stone nest, she and Fang Yuan, together with the thousands of hairy men, refined the eighth batch of airsac Gu.


 After this, Hei Lou Lan did not leave immediately, instead she stayed in Hu Immortal blessed land and listened to Fang Yuan’s information on Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 With Fang Yuan’s current strength, it was rather dangerous to enter Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 Thus, Fang Yuan invited his allies.


 But Fairy Li Shan was cooperating with Qin Bai Sheng right now, her mountain pledge Gu was having great use at this time, it allowed Qin Bai Sheng to gather his forces and eliminate the enmity of his foes, he was preparing for a Northern Plains auction that was of unprecedented scale.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s compensation to Fairy Li Shan was an Immortal Gu.


 With such great benefits, Fairy Li Shan obviously chose Qin Bai Sheng and gave up on working with Fang Yuan this time.


 As for Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he was with Shark Demon now, entering the sea and exploring Yu Lu blessed land.


 Even thought Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to help his ‘junior brother’ Fang Yuan, he was afflicted with death sentence awaits Immortal Gu, and could not split himself into two, there was nothing he could do to help.


 Only Hei Lou Lan was free now, she agreed with Fang Yuan to explore Starry Sky grotto-heaven together.


 According to the Snowy Mountain Alliance, since the two were exploring and taking the risk together, any losses to Hei Lou Lan would not require Fang Yuan to compensate her twice the amount. At the same time, their gains would be split into Fang Yuan getting sixty percent, and Hei Lou Lan getting forty percent.


 After resting for a few days in Hu Immortal blessed land, Hei Lou Lan entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan tried to activate Fixed Immortal Travel with the image in his mind.


 He tried for three or four times, but he did not succeed.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised.


 The image in his memories, although it was a portion of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, it had already fallen at that time, and the scenery had changed drastically.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had many images in his memories.


 After trying for a dozen times, after he spent more than ten beads of green grape immortal essence, he finally succeeded.


 With a flash of jade green light, at the next moment, he appeared inside Starry Sky grotto-heaven.



***
Chapter 714 - Fighting Star Desolate Hound


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 They appeared before a thick forest which was verdant and lush, the foot of the mountain was serene and fog filled the place.


 Fang Yuan had already activated lion fur armor to protect him tightly. He used all his concentration to quickly scan his surroundings and discovered that he had appeared on the waist of a mountain.


 Surrounding him were tall ancient trees, and even his six meter tall immortal zombie body could not reach one-third of these giant trees.


 Raising his head, he gazed at the sky through the opening between the lush leaves.


 The sky was a tranquil green color. There were six giant shadows of stars in the green sky, they appeared to be six round moons in the color of red, brown, yellow, blue, purple and white.


 Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture, and Hei Lou Lan shortly appeared outside, stepping on the mountain stones.


 Her eyes flashed with bright light as she looked around: “This is inside Starry Sky grotto-heaven?”


 “It is indeed, let’s go. The desolate beast that I want to kill, star demon bat, should be nearby.”


 The two did not know the exact location of the star demon bat, thus they casually chose a direction and moved along it.


 While moving forward, the two used investigative methods to scan around them all the time. After advancing to a Gu Immortal, they had unlimited primeval essence and could use mortal Gu freely.


 The two had also made ample preparations before they had come here.


 Although they did not have investigative killer moves, they had prepared large numbers of investigative Gu worms of all paths to not only enhance their vision and hearing, but also to sense the slight tremors when they walked, and to smell any odd odors when they breathed. At the same time, they spread out their divine senses to cover their surroundings, attaining completion in all aspects of scouting.


 Time flowed little by little, but this forest did not seem to have any end.


 “Five minutes have already gone by, there seems to be something wrong!” Hei Lou Lan stopped and solemnly asked Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded, saying in a deep voice: “Indeed, we have already been in Starry Sky grotto-heaven for some time now but haven’t actually encountered a single wild beast. There are only trees or fog. Whether we go up the mountain or down, or move in any direction, things all look the same.”


 Hei Lou Lan looked up: “Let’s fly.”


 The two carefully flew up.


 The green sky was completely empty; if the two flew high up, they would be very conspicuous and it would be extremely easy for them to be discovered by beast groups and get surrounded.


 Thus for safety purposes, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan had chosen to move along the ground.


 Right now, the two took the risk to attempt flying, but the result was disappointing.


 The higher they flew up, the thicker the fog became. Finally, the fog became so thick that they could not even see their own fingers.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan’s investigative methods were greatly restricted in this fog.


 The two discussed and chose to be cautious, not willing to continue taking this risk, they descended to the ground.


 “Has the Starry Sky heavenly spirit already begun to target us?” Hei Lou Lan guessed.


 “The situation here, if it is not a unique law of the grotto-heaven, then it is an illusion, quietly disturbing our sense of direction and obstructing our true senses. Unfortunately, I don’t have any investigative killer moves.” Fang Yuan replied.


 “Don’t you have wisdom path methods?” Wisdom path is also specialized in resolving these kinds of circumstances.” Hei Lou Lan asked while frowning.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “I indeed have some wisdom path methods, but they are rather special, they cannot deduce directions. How about you, do you have any investigative killer moves?”


 Hei Lou Lan snorted lightly and raised her two delicate fists: “I don’t have any investigative killer moves, but I do have offensive killer moves! Self Strength!”


 She suddenly punched out with her two fists, sending out majestic fist qi.


 The fist qi surged all around and rapidly condensed into strength path phantoms.


 These strength path phantoms had fat bodies like bears with triangular eyes and jagged teeth. It was the male shape Hei Lou Lan had disguised as before.


 Fang Yuan took a few steps back to give Hei Lou Lan sufficient space.


 These strength path phantoms pounced at Hei Lou Lan’s main body. The phantoms merged together and soon covered Hei Lou Lan, forming a giant strength path phantom.


 This killer move had astonishing might, Hei Lou Lan had used it before in Northern Plains to destroy the flying bear phantom.


 She again raised a fist.


 The giant fist ruthlessly smashed at an ancient tree on the side.


 The thick and sturdy ancient tree immediately broke into two; the lower half remained at the ground but was shaking intensely, the soil around it splattered to reveal the tree roots. The upper half was directly sent flying, cutting through the wind as it collided with another ancient tree, smashing two to three branches.


 Boom boom boom...


 Hei Lou Lan punched and kicked, the heavy punches and kicks shook the earth, stones flew, trees toppled down and the fog dispersed.


 Fang Yuan flew into the sky, his sight was now much more clear.


 He saw this forest only had the range of a hundred li, he and Hei Lou Lan had been moving in a circle.


 Outside of this forest, he saw a scene abundant in nature and life; the wild beasts roaming around, the cries of birds and insects, the gurgling of streams and wild flowers swaying with the wind.


 “It seems this forest itself was special, it should be an extinct tree species. Your information source is somewhat dubious, our entry was actually in this forest.” The giant strength path phantom transmitted its divine sense to communicate with Fang Yuan.


 Even Fang Yuan, with his plentiful experiences from his previous life and broad vision, did not recognize the origin of this kind of tree.


 He gave a bitter laugh and changed the topic: “After the trees became sparse, this forest no longer has the bewilderment effect. We should take some and plant it in our own blessed lands, maybe we can make some profits.”


 There was absolutely no issue with the information source.


 Because he himself was the information supplier.


 In his previous life, Starry Sky grotto-heaven had shattered into many parts which then fell towards Central Continent. When Fang Yuan had sent people to explore the grotto-heaven’s fragment world, this forest was already in a different shape, much of it had been damaged and thus it did not show any special effects.


 This was an warning to Fang Yuan — although he had previous life’s memories, however he had come early to Starry Sky grotto-heaven in this life, the situation was different, and he could not blindly rely on these memories.


 The giant strength path phantom gazed at these ancient trees: “Even if you had not said it, I intended to do it.”


 When the two had just taken four to five trees, a dog shaped desolate beast charged down from the top of the mountain.


 The dog shaped desolate beast growled, not concealing the fierce glare of its eyes as it looked directly at Hei Lou Lan. Hei Lou Lan’s strength path phantom giant was not concealed by the trees and was exceptionally conspicuous.


 Fang Yuan looked at the source of the growl and saw the desolate beast. Its body was as large as a small hill, and glossy azure fur covered it. Whether it was its head, stomach, back, tail or its limbs, they were all covered with star shaped stripes. These stripes were emitting faint blue radiance.


 Fang Yuan recognized this beast with just one glance, immediately reminding Hei Lou Lan: “This is a star desolate hound, it should be this mountain’s overlord. Let’s check how powerful the desolate beasts in Starry Sky grotto-heaven are. If it is weak, don’t kill it, it is best if we capture it alive, I have other uses for it!”


 Hei Lou Lan frowned.


 She had an extreme physique strength path immortal body and possessed several great strength path Immortal Gu; it was not difficult for her to kill a desolate beast, but she still had some difference between the level of capturing a desolate beast alive.


 However, Fang Yuan continued: “You take the lead, I will support. Decide it according to the situation, if we can really capture it alive, I will use immortal essence stones to pay you.”


 “Alright, then let’s do it like that.” Hei Lou Lan was not an irresolute person, with a loud shout, the giant strength path phantom took large and loud steps as it charged towards the star desolate hound.


 The star desolate hound fiercely charged down from above and pounced at the giant strength path phantom.


 Hei Lou Lan was not to be outdone and immediately punched and kicked, clashing with the star desolate hound. The two huge figures rolled down from partway up the mountain towards the foot, like a rolling gourd.


 It was like a giant compactor had steamrolled through a path, as the trees were toppled, protruding boulders were smashed and beast and birds who had not time to escape were crushed into paste.


 Fang Yuan flapped his bat wings and flew down.


 Eight lumps of starlight condensed separately on his eight monstrous claws, but they did not crash down yet.


 Hei Lou Lan’s giant strength path phantom was rolling and turning around at times as it clashed with the star desolate hound, like a rolling wheel. The fight was fierce but the situation was still not decided, the attacks moved so quickly that even an old demon like Fang Yuan was not able to find an opportunity to interfere.


 Rumble...


 Dust flew up, the giant phantom and the desolate beast rolled down to the foot of the mountain before finally stopping.


 The star desolate hound fiercely pounced on the giant phantom. It raised its head and opened its mouth, revealing the snow-white canines that were as sharp as swords and long as halberds, and bit down.


 Fang Yuan saw the chance, his eight arms moved and the eight lumps of starlight that had accumulated enough energy slammed down.


 Bam bam bam...


 A series of explosions resounded, the star desolate hound furiously barked, its attack was interrupted.


 The giant hound head shook in every direction, flinging off the starlight lumps.


 However, Hei Lou Lan obtained the critical opportunity due to this, letting out a fierce attack.


 The giant strength path phantom bent its knee and fiercely struck a crucial part between the star desolate hound’s rear legs.


 Howl——!


 The star desolate hound immediately let out an extremely painful cry, its giant body fiercely jumped like it had been electrocuted and bounced around in the lush forest.


 Fang Yuan immediately fluttered over, not giving the star desolate hound any time to recover.


 He flapped his wings in the sky, moving nimbly like a fly as he threw down lumps of starlight right at the star desolate hound’s vital areas like eyes, mouth and anus.


 The star desolate hound bounced around everywhere but it was gradually not able to hide from Fang Yuan’s crafty attacks and started to whine in pain.


 The star desolate hound had defensive wild Gu on it.


 But facing a killer move like icy drill stardust, a defense from ordinary wild Gu would not work, instead the defensive Gu would rapidly die when facing icy drill stardust.


 Hei Lou Lan controlled her giant strength path phantom and stood up.


 “As expected of a desolate beast.” Hei Lou Lan sighed in her heart.


 The strength path killer move that had never failed her before was actually not able to resist the tyrannical strength of the star desolate hound. Especially this giant strength path phantom, which was the pinnacle transformation of her killer move, and yet was actually not a match against the star desolate hound in terms of strength.


 “Since that is the case, then let me use self strength Immortal Gu.” Hei Lou Lan gave a sinister smile and was about to attack.


 Suddenly, familiar barks came down from the nearby two mountain peaks.


 Shortly afterwards, two female star desolate hounds charged into Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan’s sight.


 Fang Yuan’s movement slowed down, Hei Lou Lan’s pupils shrunk, and as if they had identical thoughts in mind, they transmitted the same message to each other: “Run!”



***
Chapter 715 - Diamond Soil


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Three star desolate hounds chased, as Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan retreated along the way.


 It was not that they could not defeat the three desolate beasts, but they would have to engage in fierce combat and expend a lot of effort to defeat them.


 As Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were inside an unfamiliar environment like Starry Sky grotto-heaven, they would not want to fight with their full strength randomly, especially not against these desolate beasts which they had met by chance, only a fool would do such a thing.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were experienced schemers, this trip of exploring Starry Sky grotto-heaven needed to be handled with caution, they had to preserve their battle strength to deal with unexpected situations.


 Especially when the heavenly spirit of Starry Sky grotto-heaven had not shown itself yet.


 The heavenly spirit controlled all aspects of the grotto-heaven, when Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan entered, they would have been detected already.


 Fang Yuan led the way, flapping his wings continuously, he was extremely fast. He did not dare to fly at high altitude, he only flew near the ground.


 Hei Lou Lan was much slower than Fang Yuan, she was behind him as she deeply looked at his wings, thinking and comparing in her heart: “Fang Yuan’s current speed is not outstanding, I can reach it. But he can move and maneuver so agilely and precisely, he can swerve around the branches of the trees so freely.”


 After nearly ten li of flying, the three star desolate hounds behind them stopped and gave up on Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan, no longer chasing them.


 The two stopped at a tall tree and took a small rest to recover.


 Fang Yuan stood on the crown of the tree, trying to decipher their direction, the surrounding mountains were not far from each other, yet they were independent and distinct.


 Some mountain peaks had green pines growing on them. Some had only shrubs. Some had no trees and only had weeds and wild flowers — all these were man made arrangements, nature would not have made things so organized.


 Fang Yuan could tell.


 The owner of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, Seven Star Child, had categorized these mountain peaks into independent areas to nurture different vegetation. This way, he could raise the productivity of specialized products.


 “It seems that the owner of this grotto-heaven had spent quite some effort on managing it.” Hei Lou Lan walked over, standing beside Fang Yuan and observing the area.


 Fang Yuan instead frowned.


 This landscape was simply too different from the one in his memories. Did that mean that hundreds of years later, there would be a huge change to Starry Sky grotto-heaven’s terrain, causing it to be completely different after it broke apart and collapsed?


 This way, Fang Yuan’s previous life’s memories could not give him any precious help.


 Hei Lou Lan directed her gaze towards the small bat wings on Fang Yuan’s back, asking with great interest: “Your killer move is not bad, where did you buy it?”


 According to the Snowy Mountain Alliance, Fang Yuan could not lie to Hei Lou Lan, but he could choose to not talk about it.


 However, true solid bat wings was an ordinary technique of Fang Yuan’s, he did not need to hide it.


 He answered plainly: “This killer move is based on an improvement of my previous killer move, suited for my immortal zombie body. If you want to use it, you will need to transplant a pair of bat wings onto your back.”


 Hei Lou Lan heard this and frowned, though not because she was concerned over destroying her image, she pursued strength: “The body of a desolate beast is also an immortal body. Just like the bodies of us Gu Immortals, their bodies contain dao marks and are closer to certain laws. Your pair of bat wings should not have the dao marks of strength path, they are closer to wind path. Transplanting them casually like this, are you not afraid that there would be a conflict between strength path and wind path, resulting in your strength path killer moves weakening?”


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “You know about how Reckless Savage Demon Venerable can transform into all sorts of fierce beasts, right?”


 “Of course. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable created transformation path, he was the progenitor of transformation path.” Hei Lou Lan answered.


 “The essence of transformation path is to transform one’s own body into a fierce beast or plant, and obtain their strength and abilities at the same time. A transformation path Gu Master can become a wind path bird, fire path tiger, or water path fish, using just one path to project countless paths. Why do their dao marks not interfere with one another?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Transformation path Gu Masters who solely transform their bodies had not truly ventured into transformation path.


 A truly successful transformation was not only changing one’s appearance, but also gaining the beast’s respective dao marks.


 Gu Immortals who become desolate beasts not only have the strength, defense, and speed of the desolate beast itself, they can even amplify the effect of Gu worms in their respective paths.


 “That is because, every time they transform, they will turn into a single fierce beast, they would only have one type of dao mark on their bodies, it is unlike you who has two types of dao marks mixing together, like a Gu Master trying to cultivate two paths. Furthermore, after they transform, they will use their relevant Gu worms to cleanse their bodies, removing all of their current dao marks, before they can transform into a fierce beast which has another dao mark.” Hei Lou Lan said.


 Fang Yuan laughed arrogantly: “No, that is because they are not good enough yet, their methods are lacking. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was not like this, he ate immemorial desolate beasts and formed desolate beast totems on his body, encompassing countless dao marks in his body, allowing him to transform at will. When you were undergoing your tribulation, I obtained the true meaning infusions of the Demon Venerable, I have already become a transformation path master.”


 Hei Lou Lan was truly shocked: “That is to say, you obtained pointers from Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, you have a method to balance different dao marks?”


 Fang Yuan nodded, but shook his head soon after: “I am only at master realm, I can only balance three different dao marks. I am also limited by physical transplantation and other restrictions, true solid bat wings can only have up to three pairs of wings, that is the greatest display of my current transformation path master realm attainment.”


 Hei Lou Lan heard Fang Yuan’s words and gained much interest in true solid bat wings: “Sell this movement killer move to me, I will purchase it at a high price!”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, rejecting her.


 He had modified this killer move after much effort, it was his unique method, how could he give it to someone else?


 Unless he no longer needed it in the future, then he would consider selling the simplified version.


 Hei Lou Lan was slightly disappointed that Fang Yuan rejected her, but she was not surprised. If their roles were swapped, she would have rejected him as well.


 Fang Yuan did not lack immortal essence stones currently.


 “I finally understand why you want to kill star demon bats now. What does your information say? A star demon bat is nearby?” Hei Lou Lan asked.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “From my information, it is close by. But the terrain here is slightly different, let’s look around first.”


 He had surveyed for a long time, but he could not confirm the location.


 The place in his memory was a rotten swamp with poisonous air. But here, there were mountains independent of each other, how could there be a rotten swamp?


 Two hours later.


 Two figures were attacking a desolate beast.


 This desolate beast’s body was transparent, like it was made of diamond, its figure resembled a bear, but it was as large as a mammoth, it was a diamond bear that was rarely seen in the five regions.


 It was Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan fighting the diamond bear.


 “Take this.” Fang Yuan flew in the air, his eight arms were moving around as they sent out lumps of starlight specks.


 The diamond bear stood up, waving its paws and smashing the starlight completely.


 Hei Lou Lan transformed into the strength path phantom giant again, she raised her leg and kicked at the diamond bear’s belly.


 The diamond bear growled, as its diamond-like body shined, Hei Lou Lan’s giant strength path phantom’s right leg broke.


 “This diamond bear’s body contains wild Gu worms that counter my strength path giant!” Hei Lou Lan was shocked, retreating immediately.


 Killer moves were not invincible, they had weaknesses and could be countered.


 But the diamond bear did not want to let Hei Lou Lan go, it pounced in her direction.


 Fang Yuan saw this and immediately rushed over, the starlight lumps in his hands were shot out more quickly, like the pelting of raindrops.


 At once, the diamond bear was unable to raise its head from the attacks.


 “Here’s a big one, enjoy it.” Fang Yuan raised four of his arms up, summoning a huge icy drill stardust lump that he threw it down.


 With a loud explosion, the entire diamond bear was covered by the icy drill stardust.


 The diamond bear was assaulted by the stardust, it growled in pain, it had become greatly angered.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, it charged out of the starlight lump, flying into the sky.


 “This bear could fly?” Fang Yuan was the closest to it, caught off guard, he was hit by the diamond bear’s raised paws.


 Bam.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan was like a cannonball, he flew out, crashing into dozens of large trees before stopping.


 His zombie blood was pouring out, with two of the arms used to block the bear paw having been cut off, and three were fractured.


 Fang Yuan’s mouth twitched, accidents were bound to happen when fighting desolate beasts.


 Desolate beasts were not like Gu Immortals, they did not have much intelligence, but as for which wild Gu they had in their bodies, one could not tell upon first contact.


 Like earlier, the diamond bear actually dispelled Hei Lou Lan’s strength path phantom and flew into the air, causing heavy injuries to Fang Yuan.


 Only after suffering some injuries did Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan learn that the diamond bear had very powerful Gu worms on it, not only were there Gu worms that countered the strength path phantom, it even had flying Gu that could raise such a heavy body into the air.


 “Retreat!” Fang Yuan shouted to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan had the intention to retreat already, she stopped her killer move and escaped with Fang Yuan.


 The diamond bear did not chase after them, it picked up Fang Yuan’s two arms and placed them into its mouth, chewing.


 Crack, crack...


 The diamond bear’s teeth were sharp, they easily broke Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie arms. It continued to chew, turning the arms into minced meat.


 The green zombie blood flowed out from the space between the diamond bear’s teeth, and an intense stench spread out.


 The diamond bear swallowed the zombie meat with a weird expression, but it immediately opened its mouth and vomited the food that it had just eaten.


 What a terrible taste!


 The diamond bear had a constipated expression as it looked at Fang Yuan’s remaining arm with disgust, slamming it into a mountain rock before moving back to its cave that was at the mountain peak grumpily.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan sneakily returned.


 Fang Yuan picked up the amputated arm, after verifying it, he placed it at a wound on his body.


 He used healing Gu worms, and with the recovery ability of the immortal zombie, the amputated arm quickly connected to his wound.


 As for the remaining arm, it was chewed up by the diamond bear, Fang Yuan could not use it, he sighed and had to regenerate it himself.


 The immortal zombie body was not a mortal body, to regrow limbs, six to eight hours were needed. This was not simply a regrowth of body parts, the relevant strength path dao marks had to be replenished.


 Hei Lou Lan looked at the cave entrance at the highest point of the mountain: “In that cave, there are at least fifteen kilograms of diamond soil left.”


 Diamond soil was formed from the feces of the diamond bear, it was filled with rich nutrients, and was one of the soils that could be sold for a high price in treasure yellow heaven.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan had come to this mountain peak with Hei Lou Lan. While Fang Yuan attracted the bear out of the cave, Hei Lou Lan sneaked in and took hundreds of kilograms of diamond soil, they were worth at least thirty immortal essence stones.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “Fifteen kilograms of diamond soil is not worth the risk. The first time was fine, but if we try a second time, with even more animosity, the diamond bear might not let us off. The diamond bear is sturdy and tough, we will need to pay a huge price to kill it. My goal is the star demon bat, since it is not in this direction, let’s try another direction.”



***
Chapter 716 - Star Hall


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Half a day later, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan had almost searched through this area and seen many desolate beasts, but did not come across the star demon bat.


 “Your information seems to be somewhat unreliable.” Hei Lou Lan casually sat down on the ground and said while healing her wounds.


 There was a long, bloody wound on her left arm which stretched from the back of her palm to her elbow.


 This was the mark left behind from the encounter of Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan with a desolate beast flying sword rat.


 The flying sword rat was small and extremely fast, a bit of carelessness resulted in it slashing its claws at them.


 Even if Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, having a strength path extreme immortal body, she had to struggle to heal this wound.


 This was because the wound the flying sword rat caused was filled with dao marks of metal path, which were repelling the strength path dao marks of Hei Lou Lan’s immortal body, and resisting the extreme immortal body’s recovery ability.


 A long while later, Hei Lou Lan was able to heal the wound and a thin layer of scab had formed on top of it.


 She went up to Fang Yuan; Fang Yuan was sitting on the ground, using his iron-sharp fingernails to draw the outline of the terrain they had explored on a flat rock.


 There were dozens of green mountain peaks. Most of the green peaks were the territory of a desolate beast, like the star desolate hound, flying sword rat, diamond bear and so on.


 The mountain peaks with no desolate beasts had large numbers of beast groups as well as a sea of Gu worms living together.


 Seven Star Child had clearly invested a great amount of effort to manage Starry Sky grotto-heaven, only then could such dense numbers of desolate beasts survive in this piece of territory.


 However, the strange thing was there were no ancient desolate beasts.


 Ancient desolate beasts were comparable in battle strength to a rank seven, according to common sense, there should be ancient desolate beasts in this outstandingly managed Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 This was only one of the strange aspects.


 The second strange aspect was that the heavenly spirit had still not shown itself.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan had explored all around and encountered many fights, but were able to smoothly free themselves.


 Strictly speaking, they were invaders, but this Starry Sky grotto-heaven was behaving as if it had no heavenly spirit to manage it, and the suppression Fang Yuan had expected did not appear.


 The third strange thing was that Fang Yuan could not find the poisonous swamp no matter where he searched.


 According to his previous life’s memories, the area he was in right now was the same as the small fragment world of the original grotto-heaven, which he had sent his subordinates to explore in his previous life.


 Originally, the poisonous swamp should have been near that ancient tree forest, but Fang Yuan was not able to find it.


 “Could it be that the poisonous swamp is part of the terrain that only appears after several hundred years? I came here this early, thus I am not able to find it? If that is the case, my plan to hunt star demon bat will end in failure.”


 Fang Yuan stared at the diagram of the terrain on the rock, and was pondering everything when suddenly a bright light shot out.


 He and Hei Lou Lan raised their heads at the same time and looked at the green sky; unknowingly, the sky was filled with countless star specks.


 The amount of this starlight grew rapidly and continued to grow. In a blink of an eye, the starlight filled the whole world, drifting in disorderly fashion like snow.


 “This is an astronomical change that occurs only in grotto-heavens.” Fang Yuan stood up with an alert gaze, activating lion fur armor.


 Hei Lou Lan also activated her defensive killer move with a vigilant mind.


 The bright starlight shone on all living beings; beast roars resounded from each mountain peak, some clear, some crisp, some long and some hoarse.


 Wind surged, the endless specks of starlight suddenly converged on top of a mountain.


 After a dazzling blue radiance was sent out, the star specks dispersed and a resplendent giant hall, exquisite and gorgeous, appeared on the mountain peak.


 “This hall....” Fang Yuan’s pupils enlarged, as he felt a great sense of familiarity with the structure of the hall. It clearly resembled the ruins that had been left behind in the shattered worlds of the grotto-heaven, which had spread everywhere during his previous life.


 It was only that the former ruins now showed no trace of damage.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan glanced at each other, Hei Lou Lan guessed: “Did the astronomical change occur due to some specific timing and result in the appearance of the hall?”


 “Or did the heavenly spirit intentionally set up a trap to lure us in?” Fang Yuan eyes flashed with bright light.


 The two only hesitated for a moment before deciding to go in the star hall.


 At the same time, in another area of Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 An intense battle was nearing its climax.


 “Foul beast, take this king’s fist!” A rockman that was as tall as a hill shouted as it smashed down its fist, wind surged and even the air burst.


 The desolate beast flying bear could not dodge in time, its head was struck by the giant stone fist and with a loud sound, it crashed down on the ground, smashing a large crater. Stones and soil flew all around, dust surged up and the earth shook for a while.


 The rocky giant did not stop, it spread open its two fists then smashed down from high up.


 Bam. The two palms heavily smashed at the flying bear’s thick, snow-white body.


 The flying bear tried to budge but it was not able to let out even a cry. It was already filled with injuries, the punch just before had cracked its skull and caused it to be on the brink of losing consciousness.


 Immortal killer move — Earth’s Root!


 From the center of his two palms, earth qi bubbled, and countless thick and sharp earth spikes protruded out from the ground like spears.


 Plop...


 The desolate beast flying bear was pierced through instantly by hundreds of earth spikes.


 In its last burst of energy, it raised its head, opened its eyes and let out a mournful cry before its energy was completely spent, its body stiffened and its head fell back down to the ground.


 Dong. A sound like that of a drum being struck resounded, with dust rising and falling.


 An intense scent of hot blood erupted, as it flowed down the stone pillar and quickly dyed the ground red.


 The flying bear was dead.


 The rocky giant snorted, it suddenly emitted a piercing light. After the light dispersed, a Gu Immortal proudly stood in the air while crossing his arms.


 He had short white hair, a pair of golden pupils, broad shoulders and a thin waist. He wore a tight fitting combat uniform and a valiant aura was emitted from him.


 A ray of starlight shot over, transforming into a middle-aged man. He was wearing a long robe with wide sleeves and a high hat on his head. He clapped his hands and praised: “As expected of Lord Immortal Monkey King, killing the desolate beast flying bear in just three minutes.”


 The white haired man with golden pupils was a rank seven Gu Immortal of Combat Immortal Sect, Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.


 Shi Lei looked at the middle-aged man with an indifferent gaze: “Seven star halls have already appeared, Star Lord Wan Xiang, the eighth star hall you spoke of, why has it still not opened?”


 This middle-aged man was Star Lord Wan Xiang, who had traded with Fang Yuan several times.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang gave a bright smile: “Immortal Monkey King, there’s no need to worry. We can only make the eighth star hall appear when we have killed enough desolate beasts and let their blood seep into the ground. We have already killed six desolate beasts but the amount of blood is still not enough.”


 “How much more desolate beasts should we kill exactly?” Shi Lei asked impatiently.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang revealed a thoughtful expression and said after a pause: “According to my annual explorations over the past twenty years and my own speculations, we probably only need to kill one more desolate beast.”


 “Hmph! You better not deceive me.” Shi Lei replied in an overbearing manner.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang lowered his head: “I am just a lone cultivator, even if I had ten times the guts, I would not dare to deceive Lord Immortal Monkey King. Based on Central Continent’s time, I can only forcibly break into this star path Grotto-Heaven during this point of the year. Moreover, the duration we can stay is only two days, after these two days, the small opening leading to the grotto-heaven will close up and we won’t be able to exit. Why would I deceive you when time is so limited? I also want to plunder more resources, but several years ago, I accidentally saw the eighth star hall, that hall was covered in a foreboding atmosphere. The guards of the star hall were all ancient desolate beasts, it definitely is the central control point of this grotto-heaven and it is very likely for the heavenly spirit to be there.”


 Shi Lei nodded, he believed Star Lord Wan Xiang’s words.


 He has known Star Lord Wan Xiang for some time and was familiar with the latter’s nature.


 “Sigh, if not because I had a huge battle with Song Zi Xing and spent large numbers of immortal essence, and that I urgently require large amounts of immortal essence stones to covert into immortal essence due to my blessed land’s approaching tribulation, I would not have told such a huge secret to you.” Star Lord Wan Xiang sighed.


 Shi Lei’s tone softened: “Don’t worry, I will abide by the agreement, eighty percent of this exploration’s battle spoils will go to you while I take twenty percent. Also, I will not tell anyone else about this secret. Later, we will come to explore this grotto-heaven every year.”


 Right now, only Star Lord Wan Xiang had the special method to enter Starry Sky grotto-heaven, Shi Lei still had not grasped the method.


 “Lord Shi Lei has an outstanding reputation, I can be at ease. According to my past explorations, there is a star demon bat not far away and it is rather easy to kill.”


 “Alright, let’s go there. Old rules; when fighting, you stand to the side, don’t interfere.” Shi Lei was very decisive and immediately started flying rapidly towards the destination.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang laughed bitterly while hurriedly following behind.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan cautiously entered the star hall.


 This star hall had no defenses, there was no one inside, only six large wells in the center of the main hall.


 Water was surging inside these six large wells.


 The water in the wells were of different colors; red, brown, yellow, blue, purple and white. The well water was glittering and translucent, and emitted slight radiance.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan used investigative Gu worms to completely check them.


 Their discovery was that the well water, the star hall, everything was as normal as they could be. This was naturally impossible. How could an ordinary hall appear out of thin air? How could ordinary well water be of different colors and emit light?


 The only explanation was that the six well waters in this star hall were related to the grotto-heaven’s astronomical transformations. If so, the mortal investigative Gu of Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan were not of high enough level to investigate anything.


 The two were unable to distinguish the mysteries of the six wells, and fell into a predicament for a while.


 “This color...” Hei Lou Lan observed again and could not help mumbling.


 Fang Yuan knew what she was thinking. He remembered when they had just arrived in Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he had looked at the sky. He saw the shadows of six stars in the sky, they were as large as the full moon and were easy to notice.


 These six star shadows were the colors of red, brown, yellow, blue, purple and white, the same as these six waters in the wells.


 “What connection do they have?” Fang Yuan mumbled and sent a mortal storage Gu inside a well to take out some of the water to study.


 However, when the mortal Gu entered the well water, the tranquil and calm well water suddenly moved and formed a whirlpool, swallowing the mortal Gu.



***
Chapter 717 - Killing Star Demon Bat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The well water quickly settled down, there were no ripples, it was shining brightly.


 But the mortal Gu that Fang Yuan tossed in had completely vanished into the water.


 Fang Yuan knew that his mortal Gu had not been destroyed yet, because he could still sense its existence.


 But this connection was very weak now.


 The connection between a Gu Master and Gu worm had much to do with distance. The further the Gu worm is from the Gu Master, the weaker their connection. In that case, when a Gu Master uses the Gu, their mind would send orders, if they gave ten orders, nine might be missed and the Gu worm would only execute one.


 Of course, this was in ordinary cases.


 A small portion of Gu worms could maintain a strong connection over a huge distance, they could be easily activated even if they were far away. Some Gu worms were even more peculiar, the closer they were to the Gu Master, the weaker their connection, creating distance between them could improve their connection instead.


 Fang Yuan originally had a close connection to the mortal Gu, but now the feeling was much weaker, it was like the two were very far apart.


 Fang Yuan followed the connection in his mind, slowly deducing the direction and raising his head.


 All he saw was the top of the walls in the star hall.


 Fang Yuan activated his investigative Gu, in his field of vision, the roof of the star hall became translucent. Fang Yuan’s gaze pierced through the roof of the star hall, seeing the six huge circular star shadows in the green sky.


 He felt a sensation in his mind, his gaze remained on one of the star shadows. According to the remaining connection he had, he knew that the mortal Gu was on top of that star shadow!


 ...


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 The star demon bat’s huge wings whipped up fierce winds as countless arrows shot out at the same time.


 These arrows were all made of starlight, they flew very quickly, piercing the air. Their numbers were high, flying towards Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei like a storm.


 Seeing the large scale attack, Shi Lei scoffed in disdain: “Merely rank two star arrow Gu, except the numbers are a bit high.”


 Mortal killer move — Fallen Grey Cloak.


 Shi Lei’s body shook, as a thin layer of yellow-white smoke and dust covered him.


 He did not dodge, he allowed the arrows to land on his body.


 No matter how many star arrows came, they dissipated after coming into contact with the mortal killer move fallen grey cloak, vanishing in an instant.


 The star demon bat lacked intelligence, it could not use killer moves. Although the scale of the wild Gu on its body was large, it could not use Gu in great quantity.


 How could such an attack compare to a killer move that a human cultivator came up with painstakingly?


 “This time, look at my eagle transformation!” Shi Lei shouted, his body shining in a bright golden light.


 As the light dissipated, Shi Lei had vanished, in his place was a desolate beast iron crown eagle.


 The iron crown eagle spread its wings, flying in the air, its sharp claws that resembled steel gave off an imposing aura. The size of its body was not any smaller than the star demon bat.


 Far away, Star Lord Wan Xiang quietly observed the battle, seeing this, he sighed helplessly.


 Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei was a battle maniac, he refused to fight together in each of these battles. Up to this point, Shi Lei had already killed eleven desolate beasts. Every time he fought a desolate beast, he would use a different type of transformation path killer move, to fight using the body of different desolate beasts.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang was anxious about the time, he had urged Shi Lei to use his strongest methods. But Shi Lei rejected him, saying that he wanted to use this opportunity to accumulate transformation path battle experience, he did not want to waste any chance he had. By accumulating his foundations, he would eventually trigger a qualitative change, elevating his transformation path realm.


 The iron crown eagle flew for a while, before screeching and pouncing towards the star demon bat.


 The star demon bat was also screeching, its ruthless nature was awakened as it did not evade, it flapped its wings and collided with the iron crown eagle.


 Two huge winged figures were clashing in the sky violently. The star demon bat bit with its mouth, while the iron crown eagle attacked with its beak. The star demon bat scratched with its claws, but the iron crown eagle’s talons were just as sharp, they were evenly matched.


 The two had exchanged many blows within a moment, they left many injures on each other’s body. After a while, they pulled some distance between them.


 The star demon bat shrieked loudly in a self-satisfied manner.


 The iron crown eagle that Shi Lei had transformed into had lost most of its feathers, it flapped its wings and after much effort, it stabilized its body.


 In the battle earlier, the iron crown eagle had suffered a loss, while the star demon bat had the upper hand.


 Not only were most of its feathers gone, there was an injury on its stomach, filled with star path dao marks, it bled continuously and prevented the iron crown eagle’s body from healing naturally.


 Desolate beasts were different from Gu Immortals.


 Gu Immortals had weak bodies, their strength rested in Gu worms. Even if strength path Gu Immortals made their bodies extremely strong, it was still from the effects of Gu worms.


 Meanwhile, the strength of desolate beasts was in their own bodies. Desolate beasts have strength, defense, and other attributes from birth, this was something humans could only dream of. Especially when a desolate beast gets closer to nature during their growth, and develops more dao marks on their bodies. When they fight in battle, the injuries that desolate beasts cause will have dao marks lingering. Injuries involving dao marks were very hard to get rid of, not only did they resist the body’s self healing, they also hindered the use and effect of healing Gu.


 Of course, if the desolate beast had an Immortal Gu, the situation would be completely different.


 The iron crown eagle shrieked, ignoring its injures and pouncing towards the star demon bat.


 The two met in the sky again, after several attacks, the star demon bat found an opening and flapped its wings quickly, slamming on the iron crown eagle’s head.


 The iron crown eagle went into a daze, falling towards the ground.


 The star demon bat flew in the air, flapping its wings thrice at the iron crown eagle.


 The first one caused an intense wind to blow, as thousands of wind blades shot out.


 The second caused a burst of starlight, over ten thousand star arrows flew out.


 The third caused darkness to gather, forming a giant specter that charged towards the iron crown eagle.


 The iron crown eagle first crashed onto the ground, causing rocks to fly and a crater to form. Next, after it raised its head, it was cut by the wind blades.


 The iron crown eagle shrieked, it endured the attacks and did not retreat, after enduring the wind blade attacks, it had hundreds of light wounds on its body.


 It wanted to flap its wings, but the star arrows flew over. These arrows had extraordinary strength, they pierced into the iron crown eagle’s body and caused many wounds, but those were not deep.


 Next, that specter which had no solid body drilled into the iron crown eagle’s mind.


 If it was any ordinary desolate beast, they would have been in trouble, but this iron crown eagle was Shi Lei’s transformation.


 Shi Lei snorted coldly, thoughts and wills moved in his head, destroying the specter in the blink of an eye.


 Although he was an earth path Gu Immortal who also cultivated transformation path, he was an established expert, he was a veteran Gu Immortal, he learned a lot about many other paths and had a set of complete defensive measures against Gu worms of other paths.


 “Lord Immortal Monkey King...” At the side, Star Lord Wan Xiang shouted in concern.


 The iron crown eagle spoke human words, laughing loudly: “Don’t interfere, stay at the side, this is my battle!”


 Intense fire seemed to be burning in the eagle’s eyes, with much determination, Shi Lei flapped his wings and flew up, towards the star demon bat, but was sent flying.


 Bang, with a loud sound, the eagle crashed on the ground again.


 “Good, interesting!” Shi Lei shouted, he got more excited as he fought, ignoring his injuries, he rushed up again.


 He was fighting with something he was not familiar with, in terms of close combat, how could he be the star demon bat’s match. In their fight, he quickly fell into a disadvantage.


 But every time Shi Lei lost, he would battle again, the eagle’s head would rise up highly, and the eagle eyes would always stare at its opponent.


 “This maniac...” Star Lord Wan Xiang watched with a grimacing expression.


 Shi Lei obviously had defensive moves like fallen grey cloak, but after transforming into the iron crown eagle, he did not use any of them in battle.


 This had happened many times in his previous battles as well.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang had asked earlier, but Shi Lei’s answer was that he was purposely not using them, it was to experience the joy of battle with his own body, this would be the most effective way to raise his battle foundation.


 Shi Lei was a battle-addict, he was a fierce man who derived pleasure from fighting.


 “Again!” Shi Lei shouted, flapping his wings towards the star demon bat.


 The two sides got closer rapidly, seeing that they were about to collide, the star demon bat suddenly flapped its wings, displaying an incredible flying ability, passing the iron crown eagle narrowly.


 Whoosh!


 The star demon bat suddenly breathed out a shooting star, hitting the iron crown eagle’s back.


 The iron crown eagle spat out some blood, its body shook as it had to flap its wings to stabilize itself. Next, Star Lord Wan Xiang heard Shi Lei laughing: “Interesting, bullying my flying attainment which is only master level?”


 Saying so, he flapped his wings and rushed up.


 The star demon bat did not take the attack directly, it retreated while using star path, wind path, or dark path Gu worms to attack its enemy from far away.


 The two had fought for a long time, unknowingly, the star demon bat’s body was filled with injuries. These injuries all had metal path dao marks, they could not heal any time soon.


 Of course, the injuries on the iron crown eagle were at least twice as severe as the star demon bat.


 But Shi Lei fought crazily, it struck fear in the star demon bat, this dominating desolate beast that ruled over a mountain felt some apprehension and did not dare to fight directly.


 The star demon bat’s intelligence was low, what it was doing was giving on its advantage and fighting with its weakness.


 It had mortal Gu on it, although they could disturb Shi Lei, they were not as dangerous to him as fighting at close range.


 The iron crown eagle did not use any defensive methods as usual, but its aura was surging as it dodged left and right, finally getting close to the star demon bat.


 After shrieking loudly, the eagle claw grasped downwards at it.


 The star demon bat dodged agilely, but Shi Lei found an opening.


 In terms of flying attainment, the star demon bat which had been flying its entire life was at least a flying grandmaster.


 The star demon bat pulled some distance, using Gu worms to attack at a range, while the iron crown eagle tried to get close to engage in close combat with it. In this fashion, the two fought for a while, the star demon bat was bound to mess up at some point, finally, the iron crown eagle found a flaw and used its eagle claws to tear the bat wings.


 With a hole in the bat wings, the star demon bat’s flying ability fell drastically. Before it could adapt to the injury, the iron crown eagle found even more flaws.


 Shi Lei pursued it during this prime opportunity, after enduring the star demon bat’s final struggle, he killed it.


 The star demon bat landed on the ground, its blood was pouring like a river.


 The ground absorbed the blood, just like what Star Lord Wan Xiang said, a formless energy had been activated.


 In the sky, starlight appeared again.



***
Chapter 718 - Starshine Fake Eye Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The specks of starlight coiled around and fluttered for a while before gathering high up in the air and forming a completely new star hall.


 Different from the previous star halls, this star hall was floating in the air, its design was exquisite, giving off a majestic beauty that was far above those star halls on the mountains.


 “The eighth star hall has finally appeared. My speculation was indeed correct!” Star Lord Wan Xiang spoke with excitement.


 Shi Lei canceled the iron crown eagle transformation and returned to his human form. The injuries on his body were still recovering, the blood flow had yet to stop. He indifferently glanced at the sky with his golden pupils: “No wonder you guessed that this was the grotto-heaven’s central control point, looking at its appearance, it is very likely to be that.”


 He grimaced in pain and sat down, healing the wounds.


 His healing was in no way simple, he first used large numbers of Gu worms to eliminate the dao marks of star path, wind path, dark path and other paths that had filled the wounds, only then did he use healing Gu worms which showed visible effects.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang waited for a little while and when he saw Shi Lei’s injuries were roughly treated, he finally could not endure and urged him: “Your healing is almost done right? Time is limited, Lord Immortal Monkey King. The prerequisite for the eighth star hall to appear is that the other seven star halls should be formed first. Every time the seven star halls appear, they will only exist for fifteen minutes. When the seven star halls disappear, the eighth star hall will also disappear.”


 “Why are you in a hurry? If you are in such a rush, you can enter it first.” Shi Lei opened his eyes and coldly glanced at Star Lord Wan Xiang.


 “Lord Shi Lei is jesting, my battle strength has fallen to the depths, I still need to rely on lord to break through the ancient desolate beasts’ defenses.” Star Lord Wan Xiang chuckled and did not speak any further.


 However, his fists that were hidden inside his sleeves were tightly clenched, if not for his strength plummeting and the tribulation coming soon, why would he reveal this treasury on his own initiative? And why would he have to be forced to bottle up his frustration?


 He knew Shi Lei’s scheme and intentions.


 Shi Lei was a battle-addict, unreasonable and unruly, but he was in no way stupid.


 Everyone who reached a high position had their own outstanding points. The outstanding and famous Shi Lei did not lack shrewdness.


 Shi Lei accepted Star Lord Wan Xiang’s invitation to come to Starry Sky grotto-heaven to plunder resources. But he did not put in his full effort, he was interested in breaking through the eighth star hall, but he was not willing to see Star Lord Wan Xiang obtain large numbers of resources to pull through the difficulties and escape his grasp.


 If Star Lord Wan Xiang does not obtain a fortune in this trip, he would have to request help from others when undergoing the tribulation. Shi Lei could help him then and also obtain a greater grasp on him.


 When that happens, in their future visits to Starry Sky grotto-heaven, Shi Lei could obtain larger benefits which would absolutely not be in an eighty to twenty ratio like in this trip.


 Every year, Starry Sky grotto-heaven would reveal a tiny gap which allowed Gu Immortals to enter it. Every time, the Gu Immortals could only stay inside for two days of Central Continent’s time.


 There were abundant desolate beasts and resources in Starry Sky grotto-heaven, it was clearly a small but steady source of resources. Star Lord Wan Xiang was a prime example of this, he was obviously a lone cultivator, but with each of his visits to Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he was able to strengthen himself to the extent that his peak battle strength did not lose out to the majority of Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects. Even when fighting Song Zi Xing, he had even been able to make a good record of himself.


 After a while, Shi Lei’s injuries healed completely with no traces of injuries anywhere on him.


 Because of the previous oath, Shi Lei could not push it too far; he examined his body once then stood up: “Sorry to keep you waiting, we can now go in.”


 Star Lord Wan Xiang put on a smiling expression and shook his head: “It was me who was overly anxious, I have to ask Immortal Monkey King to not blame me. More preparations quicken the speed of the work, I will still have to rely on your strength a lot more.”


 Shi Lei bluntly nodded: “Naturally.”


 He stamped his foot and charged straight into the sky.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang followed closely behind.


 The two immortals moved towards the eighth star hall in the sky together.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan also jumped out of a well.


 “This is another star hall.” Fang Yuan said as he scanned his surroundings.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded: “We used many methods to test and we were not wrong, these six wells are passages.”


 The two gazed behind them.


 The center of this star hall also had six wells.


 But the colors were slightly different from the previous star hall.


 In the previous star hall, the six well waters were of red, brown, yellow, blue, purple and white color. However, the six well waters here emitted the colors of red, brown, yellow, blue, green and white.


 Purple was gone and green was added.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan looked at each other. Both were clever and shrewd, and they both obtained an understanding.


 “What do you think of it?” Hei Lou Lan asked.


 Fang Yuan grinned, showing his sharp, jagged canines as he replied with his hoarse voice: “If I am not wrong, this Starry Sky grotto-heaven has a special terrain, there are a total of seven spaces. These seven spaces are isolated and independent of each other, outsiders can only enter or exit them through the six wells in the star halls.”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded and picked up a Gu worm from the ground: “This is the mortal Gu you tossed earlier into the purple well water, it is the best proof. If my speculation is right, there is also another form of proof, that is the sky. When we go out of this star hall, this space’s sky should also have six round shadows of stars. The difference should be that there instead of a purple star shadow, there should be a green star shadow.”


 Fang Yuan agreed with Hei Lou Lan’s speculation.


 Normal grotto-heavens and blessed lands would have integrated spaces. But Starry Sky grotto-heaven was special, it was actually divided into seven spaces, and every space had an independent sky, earth and ecology.


 In his previous life, what Fang Yuan explored was only the fragment world of Starry Sky grotto-heaven and he did not know of this layer of mystery.


 He and Hei Lou Lan finished discussing and they walked out of the door of the hall, gazing at the sky.


 They saw six round star shadows like six full moons floating in the air, Hei Lou Lan clapped her hands and gave a bright smile: “Just like I guessed.”


 “Wait, someone is here!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk as he looked at the moving objects in the distance and happened to see Shi Lei and Star Lord Wan Xiang rapidly flying. Following the direction they were flying towards, Fang Yuan discovered the eighth star hall.


 “This star hall seems to be of a higher standard, it is hovering in the air and is being coveted by others, it is very likely that it is the central control point of Starry Sky grotto-heaven.” Hei Lou Lan guessed, her gaze stuck on the eighth star hall.


 “There are actually others who are one step ahead of us!” Fang Yuan mumbled. He was shocked internally, according to his previous estimation, Starry Sky grotto-heaven was a place with no one but the heavenly spirit existing in it.


 If not for this, Starry Sky grotto-heaven should not have fallen in his previous life.


 However, the current situation was that he saw no signs of the heavenly spirit and instead saw two Gu Immortals.


 As for the Gu Immortals’ appearances and identities, the distance between them was very far so Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were not able to see clearly.


 However, the two felt that these neither of these two Gu Immortals were the owners of this grotto-heaven. If one of them was the owner of this grotto-heaven, they would have already sensed Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan, and would have acted by now.


 “What’s strange about it? You could obtain the secret intelligence about Starry Sky grotto-heaven from some source, does that mean other Gu Immortals cannot?” Hei Lou Lan was able to accept this fact much more easily than Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed bitterly in his heart.


 He had concealed from Hei Lou Lan that the so-called information source was, in fact, his own self.


 However, it seemed that the truth and his preconceptions were vastly different.


 The first possible cause for this situation would be Fang Yuan’s rebirth constantly influencing the various events in the world, causing a butterfly effect. The second possible reason was there was a lot of details behind the scenes regarding the fall of Starry Sky grotto-heaven in his previous life, it was just that he did not know about them and now in this life, he ran across one of the inside stories.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts ebbed and flowed, inclining towards the second cause.


 At this moment, sounds of fighting came from the eighth star hall.


 “Looks like these two Gu Immortals are of similar status to us, they are also outsiders. But, they are a step ahead of us.” Hei Lou Lan’s gaze flickered.


 Fang Yuan did not reply, he just snickered, his laughter was cold.


 Hei Lou Lan also silently grinned.


 These two were formidable characters and were also schemers. Right now, the enemy was in the open while they were in the dark and both felt they had a had huge advantage, they could even be said to be the oriole in the saying ‘the mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind’.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan activated large numbers of mortal Gu to hide their bodies and restrain their auras, as well as using many kinds of investigative methods to scout.


 The two quietly closed the star hall’s door, got rid of all their traces and slowly moved outside.


 After a while, Fang Yuan who was walking in front suddenly stopped and warned Hei Lou Lan: “Slow down, there is a rank five investigative Gu ahead.”


 Hei Lou Lan carefully probed, and saw an eye-like small Gu worm quietly hovering in the air. Its eyes were slowly moving around, constantly scanning its surroundings.


 The two were not surprised.


 With just one look, one could see this Gu worm was not a wild Gu and was clearly left behind by the two Gu Immortals from before.


 This was expected.


 Previously, when Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan had explored the space relating to the green star shadow, they had also left behind similar investigative Gu to keep watch on their paths.


 After becoming a Gu Immortal, one no longer lacked mortal Gu.


 These mortal Gu could let the Gu Immortal constantly scan their surroundings, mark the area, warn them and many other uses.


 Hei Lou Lan was young, she had just advanced into a Gu Immortal, thus was not able to recognize this Gu’s details, giving a suggestion of caution: “Let’s detour.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “No need. This Gu is starshine fake eye Gu, it has a long range sensing ability, Gu Immortals can observe the situation of the surroundings through it. Its scope is five li, it cannot detect stealth, and not only does using this Gu constantly consume primeval essence, it also burdens the soul. We can use methods to be invisible and boldly go past it.”


 At the same time, Fang Yuan added in his mind: ‘This Gu worm is often used together with true sight Gu which can then detect stealth and invisibility. But that is the situation during the five regions chaotic war, the true sight Gu is still being held by some small sect right now and has not been wantonly spread.”


 Hei Lou Lan glanced at Fang Yuan, still not feeling relieved: “Are you sure you are not wrong? Gu Immortals research new Gu all the time, maybe this Gu worm is a newly researched Gu that can see through invisibility?”


 Fang Yuan snickered: “You think I only looked at it with my eyes and did not use other Gu worms to check it? Don’t worry, eight or nine out of ten Gu Immortals are flying masters, but having even two to three refinement path masters out of ten would be pretty good. Refinement path is considerably harder to advance compared to other paths.”



***
Chapter 719


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan spoke with such certainty that Hei Lou Lan chose to believe him.


 The two hid their bodies and swaggered into starshine fake eye Gu’s range, and they indeed did not attract any Gu Immortal’s attention.


 Along the way, the two found similar types of investigative Gu like starshine fake eye Gu.


 Some of these Gu worms were buried in the ground, some were disguised as tree leaves, and some were hidden in brooks, drifting with the water.


 Fang Yuan used his methods one by one, sometimes invisibility, sometimes Gu worms directed at countering them, or tunneling under the ground or swimming through water, all kinds of methods to slip past these investigative Gu worms.


 The two had wanted to move until they were below the eighth star hall, and the shortest way would be a straight line to the eighth star hall. If they got a chance, they could also quickly react and use the shortest amount of time to charge to the eighth star hall, and fish benefits from the messy situation.


 However, as they walked through this straight line, a bloody odor assailed their noses from ahead.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan glanced at each other, the latter revealed a doubtful look as she used her divine sense to transmit: “Strange, both the amount of investigative Gu in this path and their types are increasing more and more.”


 “Let’s take a look.” Fang Yuan replied.


 The two cautiously evaded or deceived the investigative Gu worms, and discovered further traces of battle.


 After a while, they finally reached the area where there was the most intense odor of blood.


 They saw a black leopard’s corpse lying on the shattered and disordered pile of rocks.


 The black leopard was as large as an elephant. Its fur was glossy and shiny, full of wild charm. The remaining aura showed the black leopard’s identity, a genuine desolate beast.


 “This desolate beast is a vanishing shadow leopard.” Fang Yuan said in a low voice.


 “It is that someone killed this vanishing shadow leopard and yet left behind its corpse here?” Hei Lou Lan revealed a trace of doubt.


 Fang Yuan squatted down near the ground, and used his hand to feel the gully beside his legs.


 He then took out a time path Gu worm and carefully activated it.


 This Gu worm had the appearance of a crystal sphere, and was an extremely rare rank five Gu. Its name was backtrack Gu, an investigative Gu under time path, which could backtrack to the past events within a specific range.


 Backtrack Gu was activated; it displayed a blurry and mute battle scene.


 In the scene, two giant figures were in an intense battle while a small figure was standing far away to the side.


 Backtrack Gu was only a rank five mortal Gu, and whether it was Shi Lei, the vanishing shadow leopard or Star Lord Wan Xiang, they were all rank six or above, immortal bodies and desolate beast bodies had dao marks, thus backtrack Gu’s investigative ability was restrained greatly.


 Hei Lou Lan came closer and watched the battle.


 The mute battle scene was extremely blurry. But they could roughly guess that one of them was the vanishing shadow leopard from the approximate build.


 And the one battling with the vanishing shadow leopard did not seem to be a human but a tiger desolate beast.


 The one standing far away had a human shape and could be a Gu Immortal. But their appearance was blurry and they could not be sure.


 Not only this, the battle scene broken off intermittently and was not coherent.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan observed the battle with all their attention, for a moment, other than the slight breeze in the mountains, there was no other sound.


 After a dozen breaths of time, scorching smoke started to curl up from the backtrack Gu and the battle scene suddenly disappeared.


 The backtrack Gu had died as a result of forcibly recreating the image of the Gu Immortal level battle.


 Fang Yuan felt slight heartache, and put the scorched corpse of backtrack Gu back inside his immortal aperture to get rid of any traces.


 He had been gathering this backtrack Gu from treasure yellow heaven recently but even then, he only had a total of fifty to sixty. This was still the case when the five regions were in peaceful times, during the chaotic war of the regions, backtrack Gu would be widely used and very hard to get, it would be a case where one would have to produce them for their own use, treasure yellow heaven would simply have none for sale.


 Hei Lou Lan was very interested: “This Gu worm is quite ingenious, what is its name, did you buy it in treasure yellow heaven?”


 The varieties of Gu worms in existence were as vast as the ocean. Moreover, Hei Lou Lan cultivated strength path, not time path, and her understanding of other paths was only at the basics, limited to the typically used Gu worms.


 Gu worms like backtrack Gu were classified as rare Gu of another path, it was normal for her to not know of it.


 Fang Yuan did not reply, instead he took out another Gu.


 He had refined this Gu himself based to his memories. According to the course of history, this Gu should have only appeared three hundred years later, its name was thread trace Gu.


 Its appearance was quite special, resembling a small horsewhip which children from Northern Plains played with as toys. Fang Yuan used his enormous, monstrous zombie claws to grab it, making its small size even more apparent.


 Fang Yuan grabbed the handle of the horsewhip and softly whipped at the air in front of him.


 Crack. The empty air suddenly showed traces of marks.


 “What is this?” Hei Lou Lan gazed at the marks without blinking.


 Crack crack crack.


 Fang Yuan whipped the horsewhip like thread trace Gu repeatedly, the marks in the air continued to increase.


 Hei Lou Lan watched the whole process and soon was able to sense that the space Fang Yuan was whipping at was the area where the fight in the battle scene had occurred, and also the area where that blurry Gu Immortal had been standing.


 As various thoughts flashed past, Hei Lou Lan’s pupils slightly enlarged, blurting: “Could these marks be dao marks?”


 Fang Yuan gave a contented smile at this moment: “Right, they are dao marks. Whether it be Gu Immortals or desolate beasts, they are filled with dao marks, and any area they stop at will leave behind dao marks for a short period of time. It is just that these dao marks are extremely weak, that even Gu Immortals paying close attention won’t be able to sense them, that is, unless they use this thread trace Gu that I researched. From observing these dao marks, I can infer some information on them.”


 Fang Yuan once again brazenly took on someone else’s creation from his previous life as his own.


 “Thread trace Gu....” Hei Lou Lan mumbled, her gaze towards Fang Yuan had changed a little.


 Fang Yuan pointed towards the area where Star Lord Wan Xiang had stood previously: “Look, the dao marks have manifested and formed a human shape. The color is azure blue which means a star path Gu Immortal had been observing the battle. The greater portion of the dao marks had stayed there and although there are some dao marks in the surroundings, they are mostly tightly enclosed around the greater portion, this means that star path Gu Immortal had only been observing from the side during the whole battle. And looking at the concentration of the dao marks, it seems to be a rank six Gu Immortal.”


 Hei Lou Lan looked at the direction Fang Yuan pointed towards and listened to him, paying full attention.


 Fang Yuan then pointed at the area where the vanishing shadow leopard died, there were remaining dao marks of black color for dark path and red color for fire path.


 He continued: “The dark path dao marks clearly belong to the vanishing shadow leopard while the red colored dao marks belong to the existence that killed the vanishing shadow leopard. As for their identity, whether they are man or beast, that is still not certain. Look at how concentrated these dao marks are and how they are intertwined with each other, this shows that the battle was very intense. The dark path dao marks are sparse while the red colored dao marks are rather dense, we can deduce that the existence that killed the vanishing shadow leopard is also at least of rank six realm.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s mouth widened slightly as she listened to Fang Yuan.


 Her gaze towards the thread trace Gu in Fang Yuan’s hand became slightly burning.


 This thread trace Gu was only a rank five mortal Gu, but it was very useful. With just this Gu, one could infer so much useful information.


 The key thing was the thoughts involved in refining it were very special, and it could even be said to have blazed an unexpected new trail that bypasses common logic.


 Hei Lou Lan might have just recently advanced into a Gu Immortal, but she understood the importance of information and started to give more significance to Fang Yuan ‘invention’, thread trace Gu.


 Had Shi Lei and Star Lord Wan Xiang been here, they would probably be soaked in cold sweat.


 They had used mainstream investigative methods and counter-investigative methods, but thread trace Gu just happened to pierce through the gap in them. Fang Yuan’s methods were from the time of the chaotic war of the five regions after all, the materialization of the intelligence of the whole five regions, it was like they were over half an era ahead of current Gu Immortals, naturally they had huge superiority!


 Crack crack crack.


 Fang Yuan lashed the horsewhip several times, many more dao marks appeared but also many more disappeared.


 These dao marks were very weak and were gathered together by thread trace Gu, thus greatly shortening their already limited lifespan.


 Dao marks entangled mutually, getting more disorderly. Fang Yuan finally stopped lashing the horsewhip and sighed: “This is more or less the ability of this thread trace Gu, the manifestation of dao marks lasts only for a period of time and requires the observer to have plenty of experience. Moreover, activating Immortal Gu also leaves behind responding dao marks. In an intense battle, many abilities and methods are used, causing the dao marks to entangle and become extremely chaotic with no way to infer anything. However, fortunately, few methods were used in this battle, so we are able to roughly understand the situation.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyelids twitched.


 Inferring so much useful information with a mere rank five mortal Gu and still not satisfied?


 Her gaze firmly locked upon the thread trace Gu until Fang Yuan stored it back in his immortal aperture. She keenly discovered that the formerly intact thread trace Gu’s whip-like body was full of cracks now. Clearly, there was a price to pay for manifesting the dao marks.


 Hei Lou Lan inwardly estimated, this thread trace Gu could be used for two more times at the minimum. Immediately, her evaluation of thread trace Gu increased by another level.


 It could be used for a total of three times!


 A mere rank five Gu worm could be used three times to investigate into existences of rank six level and obtain so much information.


 Just as Hei Lou Lan was unable to endure and was about to ask if Fang Yuan was selling thread trace Gu, Fang Yuan took out another investigative Gu worm.


 This was only a qi path Gu worm which Fang Yuan used to draw in the surrounding scents.


 Next, Fang Yuan stored this qi path Gu worm and took out another Gu worm.


 He moved everywhere around the battlefield and activated Gu worms from time to time. Hei Lou Lan was only able to recognize a small portion of these Gu worms, but it was also not to the extent where she was certain. The remaining greater portion, Hei Lou Lan simply had no idea, unable to recognize any of them.


 She subconsciously pursed her lips, as she for the first time felt that Fang Yuan had unfathomable depths.


 During the journey in Northern Plains, she only felt that Fang Yuan was experienced and astute, and a major enemy. When cooperating with Fang Yuan, she had no choice but to do so, and was very aware that it was asking for favors from a tiger.


 She got Fang Yuan’s help to pass through her tribulation and become a Gu Immortal, she had thought she could suppress Fang Yuan a notch. But soon, Fang Yuan used her and Fairy Li Shan to scare even Immortal Crane Sect’s Gu Immortals away. The whole thing was won before engaging in battle, which gave no chance for Hei Lou Lan to make a move. Since there was no loss in battle, Fang Yuan did not have to pay twice the compensation, it was akin to him obtaining his objective without losing anything.


 In contrast, to coax Fang Yuan to make an effort, Hei Lou Lan had to give the precious true meaning infusion of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable to him. Fang Yuan was also truly ruthless, he swallowed it whole without leaving behind anything to Hei Lou Lan.


 Later, Fang Yuan started the guts Gu business and took the initiative to share profits with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan. Although he needed Hei Lou Lan’s strength qi Immortal Gu in the process, Hei Lou Lan did not feel comfortable the whole time, it seemed as if she was being controlled.


 Now, Hei Lou Lan felt a shiver in her heart as she looked at Fang Yuan using these methods.


 These small methods all used mortal Gu and were seemingly unremarkable, but Hei Lou Lan was a discerning person, how could she not understand the profound significance represented by these small methods!



***
Chapter 720


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After Hei Lou Lan ascended to an immortal, she was taught by Fairy Li Shan, guided step by step, she was instructed in almost all aspects.


 Thus, in terms of investigative methods, Hei Lou Lan was not inferior to ordinary Gu Immortals.


 “But Fang Yuan’s foundation is so deep, he is evidently miles ahead of most Gu Immortals now. Although I have several Immortal Gu, can I be like Fang Yuan and create new Gu independently, to modify and perfect my own killer moves?”


 Hei Lou Lan shook her head internally.


 Her strength path killer move was given to her by her mother.


 To refine new Gu, one had to create new Gu recipes. This process not only required resources and ample foundation in that path, one also needed inspiration and luck!


 Hei Lou Lan was indeed a Gu Immortal, but she was too young, she was not a refinement path master, and not even skilled in refinement path. Foundation could only be attained after a long period of trial and error, of exploring and accumulating experiences slowly.


 At this point, Fang Yuan walked back, he hummed: “Summing up all of the clues, I mostly know the other party’s identities already.”


 “Oh?”


 “One is a rank six star path Gu Immortal, he has not made a move yet and is more mysterious. The other is an earth path Gu Immortal who cultivates transformation path as well, he has a powerful aura and using Gu worms, I caught a trace of his voice, this is likely Shi Lei from Combat Immortal Sect in Central Continent.” Fang Yuan said.


 “That Immortal Monkey King?” Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan had shared most of their information, she naturally knew who Shi Lei was.


 She started to frown, finding it a little troublesome.


 Shi Lei was a rank seven Gu Immortal, he had outstanding battle strength. Even though Hei Lou Lan had several strength path Immortal Gu, Shi Lei had earth path Immortal Gu and had even created his own unique immortal killer moves long ago. In addition, he even cultivated transformation path, his battle talent was exceedingly rare.


 Hei Lou Lan had Immortal Gu Self Strength, using it to activate her former mortal killer move, forming a giant strength path phantom, that could barely be considered an immortal killer move.


 Up to this point, Hei Lou Lan had been attempting to improve and modify it, but her progress was slow.


 “Fang Yuan, if you use the myriad self killer move, and cooperate with me, we might be able to resist the Immortal Monkey King. But in that case, we will not be able to deal with the mysterious star path Gu Immortal.” Hei Lou Lan muttered.


 Fang Yuan laughed bitterly: “I have not told you yet, but because the core Immortal Gu is starving, myriad self cannot be used anymore. All I can use are mortal killer moves.”


 Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan deeply, squinting: “In other words, we should avoid fighting with the other party directly.”


 Roar roar roar—!


 High in the air, there was loud growling noises.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and looked: “There are bound to be injuries when two sides fight, we should just go with the flow and observe the situation now. Although our battle strength is lower than them, if we find the chance, it is not necessarily the case that we can’t have them killed. In the worst case, I still have Fixed Immortal Travel, we can definitely resist them while we find the time to activate Fixed Immortal Travel.”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded in agreement, Fang Yuan’s words were very similar to her own thoughts.


 The two decided to devour the loot in front of them first.


 The vanishing shadow leopard corpse was quite a fortune. Even though there were large numbers of investigative Gu around, they could not stop the old demon Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had methods that were ahead by half of an era, he made his moves, sealing or deceiving the investigative Gu. A moment later, they obtained the vanishing shadow leopard’s corpse without alerting Star Lord Wan Xiang.


 “This vanishing shadow leopard’s fur can be used to make many defensive Gu. The bones can be made into shadow attachment Gu, shadow tracing Gu and others, the eyes are top tier materials for making dark vision Gu and dark fog Gu. It is a pity its blood had already been lost completely. Otherwise, it would be even more valuable.” Hei Lou Lan placed the vanishing shadow leopard corpse into her immortal aperture, her eyes shining with a joyful light.


 “The other party seems to be letting it bleed on purpose, it seems that the star hall in the air is truly an important place. They even ignored the desolate beast corpse for now.” Fang Yuan showed an interested expression as he pondered.


 His immortal aperture was filled with death energy, it was not good for keeping corpses fresh, thus he placed the vanishing shadow leopard in Hei Lou Lan’s hands.


 The two were fearless and unscrupulous people.


 Even if the other party was strong, they dared to continue plotting against them.


 Next, they followed their original plan and secretly advanced, trying to get close to the eighth star hall in the air.


 But along the way, they quickly made a new discovery.


 “The number of investigative Gu ahead have increased, does that mean...” Hei Lou Lan’s gaze shone with anticipation.


 After a while, the two avoided all of the investigative Gu, passing a mountain ridge and into a valley.


 In the valley, there was a desolate beast corpse, resembling a small hill.


 It was like a colt, it had a huge, bright red body with thick legs, dark as steel, its body was strong, muscular and bulky.


 Its mane and tail were vibrant and golden in color.


 Blood was dripping from the holes all over its body. The blood was scalding hot, and the heat spread to the surrounding trees and plants, causing them to wilt.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan gradually got closer, feeling a heat that was like a blisteringly hot summer day.


 “This is the desolate beast blazing divine stallion, it has many fire path wild Gu on it and can walk on fire. Its blood is extremely hot and is a top tier material in refining fire path Gu worms, it is very rare even in treasure yellow heaven.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s heart bled as she looked at the horse blood flowing out.


 The two worked for a while, getting their hands on the blazing divine stallion, while Star Lord Wan Xiang still had absolutely no idea.


 After leaving this valley, the two moved stealthily, but Fang Yuan slowed his footsteps.


 “Our destination is up ahead. But towards the left, there are large numbers of investigative Gu, should we go take a look?” Fang Yuan looked at Hei Lou Lan, transmitting.


 “Of course.” Hei Lou Lan’s reply was very curt.


 The two came to the area that was filled with investigative Gu, they found a desolate beast corpse as expected.


 This was a yellow jade lion.


 Its body was like an elephant, lying on the ground with its eyes mostly closed, only opened by a slit. Large amounts of yellow blood flowed along the wound on its stomach, pouring out.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan stealthily moved closer, but this yellow jade lion’s body shook, it tried to open its eyes as its bloody mouth opened slightly, emitting a barely discernible growl, as if it wanted to continue battling.


 “This yellow jade lion truly has a courageous nature. To be able to hurt the yellow jade lion to this extent, this Shi Lei’s transformation path battle strength is greater than I thought.” Hei Lou Lan praised.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 He quickly made his move, after deceiving many of the surrounding investigative methods, he stole the yellow jade lion.


 He patted with his hand, as large numbers of healing Gu flew out of his aperture, landing on the yellow jade lion, rapidly stabilizing its injuries and keeping it alive.


 “You intend to save it?” Hei Lou Lan was slightly surprised.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Saving it is a hundred times easier than capturing another desolate beast alive, why shouldn’t we? You can keep this desolate beast in your immortal aperture for now, be careful and keep it safe, this will be part of my share.”


 This way, as long as things progressed well, the mission that Fang Yuan agreed upon with Lang Ya land spirit would be completed.


 Hei Lou Lan placed the yellow jade lion into her immortal aperture, her gaze was shining as she seemed to have made up her mind, saying: “The three desolate beasts we had encountered had their blood drained for some reason. Very likely, Shi Lei’s group is trying to complete some procedure. Maybe this was the reason why the star hall in the sky appeared. After all, when we first appeared in this place, the sky was still empty. How many desolate beast corpses do you think are around here now?”


 Fang Yuan laughed upon hearing this: “Even if you did not mention this, I was going to talk about it. Indeed, looking at this situation, there are definitely many desolate beast corpses around. One desolate beast corpse can be sold for around forty immortal essence stones optimally. It is truly an effortless profit for us to pick up these desolate beast corpses. The benefits are huge, yet we are paying zero costs. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, moreover, we might not have the opportunity again. We should secure these profits first, that is the safest measure.”


 The two had the same plot in mind, they changed their tactics and started scouring for desolate beast corpses.


 They could not use investigative Gu openly, but the clues were very obvious.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s original plan was to keep these desolate beast corpses around first, and deal with them after taking down the eighth star hall.


 The aura of these desolate beasts was still around, with that to induce fear, he was not afraid of wild beasts devouring them.


 Shi Lei was in charge of fighting, while Star Lord Wan Xiang was in charge of setting up investigative Gu worms. Naturally, he would place more investigative Gu around the corpses of the desolate beasts.


 But he would never have guessed that putting all of these investigative Gu together was the biggest clue in itself, they were guides for Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan to find the corpses.


 “This is the chestnut yak, its meat tastes like chestnut, it can be eaten raw. It has a mild nature and is a somewhat unusual desolate beast. Mm, let’s keep it, keep it.” Hei Lou Lan was laughing happily.


 “Oh, there is a golden pangolin. It is a pity its armor is tattered, otherwise, it could be sold for a higher price.” Fang Yuan said with some disappointment.


 “Flying bear, there is a flying bear corpse. Great, excellent, I want this corpse!” Hei Lou Lan was overjoyed.


 “Hmm? Star demon bat! I knew this rotten poisonous swamp was very familiar. It is a pity that the bat wings are in bad shape, it would greatly affect my movement speed if I transplant it like this. I wonder if I can fix it first.” Fang Yuan also stole the corpse of the star demon bat.


 He felt some regret, but he quickly got over it.


 After all, he did not battle the bat himself, why would Shi Lei care about his plans. Obtaining the corpse without any cost, this was already a huge gain.


 He had not felt such good luck in a long time.


 The two obtained nearly ten desolate beast corpses, it was a windfall. After the two searched around and ensured that there was no lingering desolate beast corpses, they hurried towards the bottom of the eighth star hall.


 But when they arrived, a figure like a small hill crashed onto the ground.


 With a loud bang, it landed and caused the mountain rocks to shatter, dust and smoke was rising.


 “This is the ancient desolate beast, astral wind flying heavenly boar!”


 “It is dead! This is the corpse of an ancient desolate beast.”


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan made eye contact, after communicating through transmission, they were evidently moved!



***
Chapter 721 - Walking Meat Tree


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The corpse of the ancient desolate beast, astral wind flying heavenly boar, was right in front of them.


 Although Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan were moved, they did not close in on it.


 The two looked up towards the sky at the same time.


 They saw that high in the air, the eighth star hall was shaking slightly. Loud explosions and the growls of fierce beasts could be heard from within the hall.


 With a loud bang, the star hall shook intensely, a pillar of fire burst up from the roof of the star hall, creating a huge hole on it.


 The star hall was not made of ordinary material, it was formed from the phenomenon in the grotto-heaven. At the area of the roof that was broken, starlight was emitting from it, as the hole continued to spread outwards.


 A pillar of smoke flew up outwards into the sky.


 “What an intense battle.” Hei Lou Lan sighed.


 “Fight, fight, the more intense the better it is.” Fang Yuan muttered.


 In the eighth star hall, it was a mess, the two sides were fiercely engaged in combat.


 A heavily injured desolate beast flame tiger growled loudly, shooting out a fireball from its mouth.


 The fireball shot a huge tree, while it was in the air, the flame tiger moved its claws and followed behind the fireball, attacking towards the huge tree.


 The huge tree moved its huge branches.


 Its branches were very peculiar, they were like soft and thick octopus tentacles.


 With a loud thud, a tentacle-like branch destroyed a fireball.


 With another whipping noise, a branch swung over, causing the flame tiger who was behind the fireball to be sent flying.


 The flame tiger cried out in pain, it flew for up to a hundred steps and crashed onto the ground. With a burst of bright light, it returned to a human form — it was Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.


 Shi Lei spat out three teeth, his expression was excited and crazed: “What a great walking meat tree, as expected of something of legend, this ancient desolate plant is truly incredible.”


 Star Lord Wan Xiang who was beside him continued to unleash starlight attacks while transmitting helplessly when he heard Shi Lei’s words: “Lord Immortal Monkey King, the enemy is very powerful, stop playing with it and use your earth path main battle strength.”


 Shi Lei was not an ignorant person, he did not hesitate as he said: “Alright, I have already used my transformation path battle strength to kill an astral wind flying heavenly boar, I am satisfied. Next, I will use my true earth path cultivation and destroy this energetic walking meat tree.”


 Star Lord Wan Xiang was overjoyed when he heard this, Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei was finally going to use his true strength.


 But at the next moment, Shi Lei sat down on a rock in the hall, healing himself: “Star Lord Wan Xiang, hold on for now, when I remove the fire path dao marks on my body, I will use my earth path methods.”


 Star Lord Wan Xiang heard this and almost scolded him in anger.


 But he did not do so, Shi Lei’s request was reasonable, with fire path dao marks on him, it would interfere with and weaken the effects of his earth path Gu worms.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang could only hold in his anger and agree, flying forward and facing off against the walking meat tree.


 Although Star Lord Wan Xiang was heavily injured by Song Zi Xing and his foundation was damaged, he still had ingenious methods left.


 Beams of starlight shot out like grand pillars, towards the walking meat tree.


 The walking meat tree moved three branches to retaliate.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s body suddenly shuddered, as five starlight clones split from his main body and together, they took up six positions, unleashing different star path killer moves and attacking the walking meat tree.


 The walking meat tree was hit several times, it flew into a rage and moved more than ten branches to fight back.


 Crack crack crack.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s starlight clones were all smashed, Star Lord Wan Xiang evaded the branches coming from left and right, he quickly got into a disadvantage.


 Facing off against the walking meat tree directly, he finally felt immense pressure.


 Bang!


 With a loud noise, Star Lord Wan Xiang could not defend himself and was sent flying. Along the way, he crashed through a thick pillar, but his momentum was not lost, as he directly flew out of the star hall.


 Seeing that Star Lord Wan Xiang was gone, the walking meat tree moved its branches and assaulted Shi Lei who was sitting down.


 “Useless!” Shi Lei opened his eyes, the battle intent in his golden pupils were surging, he shouted in anger as he stood up, attacking the walking meat tree.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang flew a long way out of the star hall before stabilizing his body.


 He wiped the blood on his lips, looking at the eighth star hall, he showed a cold smile as his scheme worked.


 He sent himself flying on purpose, this way, he could force Shi Lei to fight.


 “I exposed the secret of this Starry Sky grotto-heaven to you, regardless of the consequences, yet you do not even want to fight? Guh.” Suddenly, Star Lord Wan Xiang spit out a mouthful of blood.


 An intense pain assaulted him.


 He sucked in a breath of cold air, shock shining in his eyes: “When this walking meat tree hits me, it directly etches the dao marks of strength path into my body, causing my internal organs to suffer a huge blow!”


 After realizing this, Star Lord Wan Xiang did not want to rush up foolishly to fight the walking meat tree.


 “I’ll let Shi Lei fight, he is a battle maniac anyway. Under the pressure of the walking meat tree, he would need to use his full strength. I have already paid such a huge price, I should heal the injuries on my body first.”


 Immediately after, Star Lord Wan Xiang summoned his Gu worms, which formed a star cloud bed. He sat on the bed as he floated in the air, healing his injuries.


 After a while, he opened his eyes, the injuries on him had healed.


 He first took a look at the eighth star hall, before looking down at the huge corpse of the ancient desolate beast, astral wind flying heavenly boar. He then looked at the other areas of the battlefield, seeing the other desolate beast corpses.


 He hesitated, although he wanted to take all of the corpses first, considering Shi Lei’s feelings, he had to dispel this thought.


 “Forget it, I do not need to give Shi Lei an excuse later to make things difficult. In any case, there is no one else in this grotto-heaven, I should battle now and deal with the current situation.”


 Thinking of this, Star Lord Wan Xiang retrieved the star cloud bed Gu and flew away, entering the eighth star hall after traveling a short distance.


 In the thick lush forest, Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan, who had concealed their auras, sighed in relief.


 “Fang Yuan, the Gu worms that you left behind successfully deceived the enemy!” Hei Lou Lan said excitedly.


 “My method can only create a hologram, it cannot deceive a proper investigation. Quick, let’s not talk about this anymore, we should make this part of our earnings first!” Fang Yuan did not want to indulge in self praise, he moved ahead and sneaked towards the corpse of the astral wind flying heavenly boar.


 The two quickly got to the side of the astral wind flying heavenly boar corpse.


 The astral wind flying heavenly boar corpse was tall like a small hill, it cast a huge shadow on the ground.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan purposely detoured, hiding under the shadow, waiting for the appropriate moment to strike.


 They first inspected the wild Gu on the astral wind flying heavenly boar’s body.


 There were many wild Gu originally, but after the battle with Shi Lei, more than half were destroyed. After the flying boar died, much of the remaining half escaped, very few were left.


 After Fang Yuan completed his search, he started to collect the astral wind flying heavenly boar’s soul.


 The desolate beast corpses they encountered earlier had no souls. Maybe because they had died for a long time, their souls had flown away from their bodies, but the more likely reason was that Shi Lei or Star Lord Wan Xiang had taken them.


 This astral wind flying heavenly boar had not been looted yet because the battle had just ended, thus Fang Yuan had a chance.


 But the result was very disappointing.


 This astral wind flying heavenly boar’s soul was heavily injured, only a little bit was left. Evidently, during the earlier battle, it was attacked by methods directed at the soul.


 “No wonder the star path Gu Immortal earlier did not fly here to collect the soul of this boar.” Fang Yuan sighed, he willed and mobilized several hundred Gu worms.


 These Gu were from light path and dark path, while a small number were from strength path, blood path, bone path, and qi path.


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, these Gu worms flew around the surface of the astral wind flying heavenly boar’s body, going round and round as Fang Yuan nodded to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was prepared since long ago, once Fang Yuan gave the signal, she used the tens of Gu worms prepared earlier.


 Using these Gu worms, the astral wind flying heavenly boar corpse was quickly pushed into Hei Lou Lan’s immortal aperture in a short time.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan activated the several hundred Gu worms, remaining at the same spot as they continued to fly in the same manner as earlier.


 They gave out bursts of light and shadow, forming into one figure, it was the image of the astral wind flying heavenly boar, it was very realistic! Simply looking at it, one would think this was really the astral wind flying heavenly boar in front of them.


 “Your method is really good.” Hei Lou Lan praised again.


 Earlier, Star Lord Wan Xiang felt nothing wrong, he was deceived by this method.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “This simple method cannot deceive proper investigation. If I can elevate it to a killer move, the effect would be better.”


 “Oh no.” Hei Lou Lan suddenly froze, she pointed at one area and noted to Fang Yuan: “You have a flaw here!”


 Fang Yuan looked over and indeed, on the image of the astral wind flying heavenly boar, the anus was missing.


 How could the flying heavenly boar not have an anus?


 This was indeed a huge flaw.


 Fang Yuan quickly manipulated his Gu worms, adjusting the image and forming the anus.


 But Hei Lou Lan said: “Not good, not good, now that the anus is here, the penis is gone.”


 Fang Yuan looked and was embarrassed: “The astral wind flying heavenly boar is too high level of an existence and has a gigantic body, my methods cannot replicate it fully, this is the limit. To create something, it will have to lose something.”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, her tone was grand and fearless: “Then stop changing it, keep the penis and discard the anus, that is more realistic.”


 Fang Yuan followed what she said and changed the image back.


 “Hey, Fang Yuan, aren’t you proficient in researching killer moves? When we go back, you should raise this to the level of a killer move, that would make it easier to use.” Hei Lou Lan said in amusement.


 “Do you think we will still encounter such good things later? This method is sufficient, we do not need to make it a killer move.” Fang Yuan shook his head, before raising it and looking at the sky.


 The roof of the star hall only had a small hole earlier, but now holes were all around the star hall.


 All of the explosion sounds were even louder than before.


 As he was looking, a broken tree flew out of the star hall.


 With a loud bang, the giant tree’s branches crashed onto the ground, causing the ground below Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan’s feet to tremble violently.


 Next, the other half of the giant tree, the crown, also collapsed.


 “This is a walking meat tree!” Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan opened their eyes which were shining brightly



***
Chapter 722 - Zombie Dragon


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Walking meat tree was a legendary plant that was recorded in >.


 > Chapter Three, Section Sixteen states:


 Ren Zu’s third son — Northern Dark Ice Soul was revived by unexpected Gu and was wandering outside. After encountering his sister, Desolate Ancient Moon, he gave her a new meaning in life.


 Next, under the guidance of wisdom Gu, the brother and sister came to the blue sea to search for the life gem that could revive their father, Ren Zu.


 In the end, Desolate Ancient Moon sensed the mysteries behind life and sacrificed herself, being turned into a damaged life gem.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul carried the life gem as he attempted to return to his father, to revive Ren Zu.


 But it was extremely difficult for him to enter the door of life and death.


 The door of life and death had two routes, one was the road of life, the other was the road of death. No matter which path it was, there would be a lot of suffering Gu.


 To overcome the interference of the suffering Gu, to enter deep into the door of life and death, he would need the help of courage Gu.


 But because courage Gu had already been taken by Ren Zu and was currently with him, Northern Dark Ice Soul did not have courage and could not enter the door of life and death. He had no methods left and could only wander around and search for a method to resolve this.


 He walked past tall mountains, travelled through streams, ran for his life under the assault of wild beasts, and had gone hungry during the intense cold, he had suffered a lot.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was filled with guilt and anxiety.


 He was guilty because he was the one who gave Desolate Ancient Moon her meaning in life, but that caused her to sacrifice herself and become the life gem. Northern Dark Ice Soul was the murderer who indirectly caused his sister’s death.


 He was anxious because even though he had the life gem, he was unable to return to his father’s side. He was afraid that if a long time passed, his father’s soul might collapse in Luo Po valley, causing Desolate Ancient Moon’s sacrifice to be in vain.


 He walked and walked, until the purple sky above him faded and became black.


 Originally, the immemorial nine heavens, white, red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple, black, would take turns to loom over the five regions at set intervals.


 The sky of the Immemorial Antiquity Era was connected to the ground.


 Heaven and earth were connected and whole, people could walk towards the sky from the ground, or walk towards the ground from the sky.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was walking aimlessly, unknowingly, he left the ground and walked towards an area deep within black heaven.


 It was complete darkness inside black heaven, but it was not desolate, there were large numbers of life forms there.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was inside the darkness and could not find a way back, he was flustered, scared, and lost.


 He could not tell what direction to walk, he tripped many times and fell. Suddenly, he saw a lump of fire ahead of him.


 This was the only source of light in the entirety of black heaven.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was overjoyed, he quickly walked towards the fire.


 When he got close to the lump of fire, he realized it was a Gu.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was very curious, he asked: “What Gu are you, you can actually give out light in black heaven. Help me, I want to leave black heaven, heading back to the ground, I have very important things to do.”


 The Gu’s voice was very weak, it said to Northern Dark Ice Soul: “My name is fire, who are you?”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul said: “I am a human, my name is Northern Dark Ice Soul. Can you help me? With your light, I will be able to see the way, and return to the ground.”


 The Gu sighed: “So you are a human. I’ve heard of a famous human before, he is called Verdant Great Sun.”


 Because Verdant Great Sun had reputation Gu, his name was spread in the entire world, there was almost nobody that did not know him.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was overjoyed: “That’s right, Verdant Great Sun is my big brother.”


 Fire Gu said: “I can help you. But before I help you, you have to help me. I am too hungry, I am going to die of starvation. Go find me some food first.”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul asked: “Oh, fire Gu, what do you eat? This place is completely dark, how can I find what you need to eat?”


 Fire Gu said: “I am the least picky Gu worm in the entire world, I can eat almost anything. I will eat whatever you feed me.”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul searched around, finding some tree branches and throwing them towards fire Gu.


 After fire Gu ate, it started to shine more brightly, it was giving off a warmer light and it also grew from the size of a fist to around the size of a basin.


 It was very happy: “Can you bring me more food?”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul nodded and looked around, finding a pile of rocks and throwing them at fire Gu.


 After eating for some time, fire Gu sighed: “Sigh, I was way too hungry, my teeth are not working well now. The things I could chew before, I can’t chew them now. Bring me some stuff that are easy to digest.”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul thought about it: “How about this, fire Gu, follow me and light the way. Along the way, whatever you feel like eating, I will feed to you, is that alright?”


 Fire Gu agreed and condensed into a small lump, letting Northern Dark Ice Soul hold it.


 Like this, Northern Dark Ice Soul left on his return journey, along the way, he fed many things to fire Gu.


 After a while, fire Gu grew larger.


 On this day, Northern Dark Ice Soul was resting, fire Gu was eating branches in front of him while swaying with the wind.


 Suddenly, countless footsteps could be heard, Northern Dark Ice Soul looked and saw a huge group of trees shining under the light of the fire, they were running towards him in huge numbers.


 Not just trees, there were also countless wild beasts and insect groups.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was extremely scared, he quickly picked up fire Gu and ran.


 Behind him, the trees, wild beasts, and insect groups were chasing. Wherever Northern Dark Ice Soul went, they followed.


 The pursuers shouted: “Whoever is in front, stop running.”


 “We do not want to harm you, we just want to escape into the light.”


 “Dream realms are about to reach us, please help us and let us live under the light of the fire.”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was breathing roughly, he could not run any further, seeing that he was about to be caught, fire Gu said: “Oh human, don’t be afraid, these pursuers are my food, let me help you. Just toss me there.”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was forced by the circumstances, he could only listen to fire Gu and toss it towards them.


 What fire Gu first encountered were a huge group of trees.


 These trees were walking meat trees. The branches were made of meat, they resembled the tentacles of octopuses.


 Fire Gu burned all of these trees, turning the trunks into ashes, and branches into cooked meat. The smell of fragrant meat attracted Northern Dark Ice Soul and he picked up one to eat, exclaiming that it was delicious.


 ...


 Hei Lou Lan stared with eyes wide open, looking at the broken tree trunk as well the tentacle-like branches, speaking in disbelief: “This is a walking meat tree?”


 “Absolutely.” Fang Yuan nodded, his gaze was heated as well: “Right now, only black heaven and white heaven are left from the immemorial nine heavens, walking meat tree is a life form from black heaven, it is much easier to obtain than other immemorial life forms in the other heavens, after all, black heaven is still around. Seven Star Child is a rank eight Gu Immortal, he has the ability to explore black heaven, this walking meat tree was most likely something he obtained from his explorations.”


 “This walking meat tree has an amazing aura, it has rank seven battle strength at least! Even more amazingly, it is a rare strength path plant.” Hei Lou Lan licked her lips, saying excitedly.


 Fang Yuan was also overjoyed.


 Walking meat tree was a strength path plant, the branches, trunks and leaves were all excellent materials to refine strength path Gu worms. Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were strength path Gu Immortals, they had great use for it.


 But when the two were going to sneak over and take the walking meat tree, there was a huge, thunderous explosion in the sky.


 This was an unprecedentedly large explosion, it shook the sky as a formless sound wave spread out intensely.


 The eighth star hall shook harshly, it also broke apart as large amounts of starlight dispersed, it was in a half ruined state.


 Roar—!


 The roar of a dragon could be heard, not any softer than the explosion earlier.


 Next, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan saw Shi Lei and Star Lord Wan Xiang fly out of the star hall.


 A huge dragon flew out of the star hall.


 This dragon was hundreds of meters long, it was eerie and ominous, the dragon horn on its head was like silver, the dragon’s eyes were half open, and the scales were like grey rocks. There were eight dragon claws that were fearsome and powerful, pale white zombie energy was coiling around its body like a mist.


 “Is this... a zombie dragon?” Hei Lou Lan exposed the identity of this dragon.


 Zombie dragon was not an immemorial life form.


 After fate Gu was broken by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, souls in the world were no longer sucked directly into the door of life and death, thus zombies were born.


 A zombie dragon was formed after a giant dragon died, if its soul did not leave the body, it would undergo a transformation and become a zombie dragon.


 “This zombie dragon has eight claws, it should have been an immemorial desolate beast when it was alive, having rank eight battle strength. Now that it is dead, becoming a zombie dragon, it has battle strength at the peak of rank seven, no wonder Shi Lei was forced out of the star hall.” Fang Yuan analyzed.


 In the air, the zombie dragon was growling as its body twisted, flying towards Shi Lei.


 The dragon opened its mouth and shot out a stream of pale white zombie fire.


 Dragon fire was a primary form of attack of the giant dragon, that was a natural ability for them, like the horns of a bull, the paws of a bear, or the stinger of a bee.


 Wariness shone in Shi Lei’s eyes, he did not dare to receive the attack head on. He continued to fly to the left, after dodging the zombie fire, a huge dragon tail entered his vision.


 Shi Lei opened his eyes wide as he placed both arms in front of him, defending his chest.


 He could not dodge it!


 In Fang Yuan, Star Lord Wan Xiang and Hei Lou Lan’s vision, they saw that the zombie dragon had elegantly moved in the air, turning its huge body and swinging its tail, directly crashing it into Shi Lei who had dodged the zombie fire.


 With a loud bang, Shi Lei was sent fly harshly like a cannonball.


 He crashed onto a point partway up a mountain, entering deep into the mountain rocks. The entire mountain was shaking as rocks fell from above, they quickly covered him up completely.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang sucked in a breath of cold air, he retreated hurriedly. The zombie dragon was so powerful, this was the first time he had seen Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei in such a pathetic state.


 But soon, he heard Shi Lei shouting under the pile of rocks: “Worm, you have truly angered me, have a taste of my immortal killer move. Shocking rock break!”


 The sky burst open as a small hill was aimed towards the zombie dragon.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyelids were twitching: “This immortal killer move’s activation is so fast?”


 Normally, the stronger the immortal killer move, the more time is needed to activate it. But Shi Lei’s shocking rock break defied common logic, not only was it strong, it could be used very quickly.


 Even the zombie dragon could not dodge it.


 But the zombie dragon did not want to dodge it, seeing the small hill that was approaching it, a hint of disdain flashed across the dragon’s eyes.


 With a loud bang, the zombie dragon raised its head and rammed into the small hill.


 Shi Lei’s immortal killer move had no effect.


 “Good, such an opponent is what I like!” Shi Lei was shocked and excited, he shot up into the sky and crashed into the zombie dragon.


 The human and dragon engaged in the sky, winds were blowing and clouds were in turbulence, heaven and earth were changing colors.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk: “This zombie dragon is not simple, it seems that defensive immortal Gu worms had been used on its body before.”


 “Then what do we do now?” Hei Lou Lan was very troubled: “Under their watchful eyes, there is no way we can get the walking meat tree.”



***
Chapter 723


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the sky, the human and dragon were engaging in battle, with loud explosions, the battle was entering its climax.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang was at the side, he could not interfere at all.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were hiding in the forest on the ground, they were observing the fighting and awaiting their chance.


 The huge dragon roared, zombie energy was bursting from it as the famous expert of Central Continent, Shi Lei, was in a disadvantage.


 “This zombie dragon is incredible, when it was alive, it was a wind path azure dragon, after becoming a zombie dragon, not only does it have wind path and dark path dao marks, its speed is even amplified by Immortal Gu.” After observing the battle, Hei Lou Lan gradually understood the situation.


 “Starry Sky grotto-heaven’s owner, Seven Star Child, originally had a wind path Immortal Gu, called wind sprint Immortal Gu. But using this Gu required immortal essence. According to rumors, Seven Star Child had once developed a killer move that could apply the effects of the Immortal Gu on another target for a long period of time. Looking at this now, it seems the rumors were right.” Fang Yuan added.


 The zombie dragon’s defense and movement were boosted by Immortal Gu, it was experienced in battle and its giant dragon body could strike with huge force. Manipulating its tail while flying, it gave off an unrestrained aura.


 Most importantly, the zombie energy dragon flames were very powerful, they were on par with the highest tier of mortal killer moves.


 Shi Lei continued to shout as he used near ten different battle tactics, but he could not change the situation. Often, when he took back some of the initiative, the zombie dragon would suppress him again.


 The zombie dragon had no weakness in attack, defense, or movement, it had an all-around advantage.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression turned heavy as she watched, she said solemnly: “Shi Lei’s battle strength far surpasses my estimation! If it had been me, facing the attacks of the zombie dragon, I would only last for a moment before getting killed by it. If it was you, Fang Yuan, unless you could use myriad self, you would only hold on for a while longer than me, there is no way of winning.”


 Fang Yuan did not rebuke her, Hei Lou Lan’s assessment was very reasonable.


 Although she was a strength path extreme immortal, because of her life experiences, she was not arrogant at all, she was humble and vigilant, she understood her own strength clearly.


 The reason why Fang Yuan could last longer than her was because of his flying attainment, as well the movement killer move true solid bat wings.


 But even if Fang Yuan’s speed surpassed Hei Lou Lan, without the killer move myriad self, he could not pose a threat to the zombie dragon. He could only run away, as icy drill stardust could not cause damage to the zombie dragon, he had no way to win.


 Although Hei Lou Lan had strength path Immortal Gu, and half an offensive immortal killer move, her offense surpassed Fang Yuan but her movement speed and defense were her weaknesses. Although she could cause damage to the zombie dragon, it would not take a beating without fighting back, once they fought, Hei Lou Lan would not last as long as Fang Yuan.


 Those who were called experts not only had battle strength, they also needed great insight.


 Looking at information and knowing if they could do it or not, whether they could win or not. That was the ability to assess a situation and know one’s own limits.


 Without these abilities, even if one had great strength, they would not go far.


 Knowing whom they could offend, know whom they could not afford to offend, knowing when to battle or retreat... retreating was not cowardly, it was treasuring one’s own life, awaiting the time where they could soar towards success!


 “In this situation, we have no way of succeeding. We should leave the walking meat tree there, I suggest we retreat.” Fang Yuan said.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded: “That was my intention as well, nobody can predict any accidents in battle. Even if we stay here and take a risk of getting discovered, we cannot do anything anyway, we should withdraw towards a safer location.”


 The two came to an agreement and retreated stealthily.


 Their advantage was that they were in the dark while their enemies were out in the open, they could afford to watch on the sidelines. Right now, the enemies were stronger than them, they had to hold onto this advantage.


 After they retreated to a safe distance, Hei Lou Lan suddenly said: “Actually, I have a question — how did they get in?”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone: “I was thinking about this question too. The area near the star hall that we came in from did not have any investigative Gu worms around, that is not the usual behavior of Gu Immortals.”


 “In this case, we can deduce that they did not come from a star hall. This area is the place where they first arrived in. To enter someone else’s blessed land or grotto-heaven, the most usual method is to follow cracks and loopholes, or Gu worms like connecting heaven Gu and hole earth Gu.” Hei Lou Lan continued.


 “It is unlikely for them to use hole earth Gu or connecting heaven Gu, after all, both sides need to agree for that to work. This Starry Sky grotto-heaven is quite strange, the heavenly spirit has not shown up yet, after being here for so long, we have not faced any obstacles as well. And if Shi Lei’s group was able to gain access normally, they would not be fighting so intensely.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Thus, it is most likely that they used a loophole or crack.” Hei Lou Lan laughed.


 A dark light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he spoke what Hei Lou Lan was thinking but did not say out loud: “They are not like us who have Fixed Immortal Travel, so be it if they have other space path Gu worms. But if they really came in from a loophole, we can use this to ambush them or plot against them, we might have a huge profit from it!”


 If Star Lord Wan Xiang and Shi Lei heard this, they would definitely be breaking out in cold sweat.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were demons full of evil ideas, most importantly, they could keenly analyze and would not give up on any minute clues, they even managed to guess Shi Lei’s and Star Lord Wan Xiang’s method of entering the grotto-heaven.


 But just as Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were about to search for the loophole, the battle in the sky changed.


 Shi Lei had been fighting for a long time, suppressed by the zombie dragon the whole time, he was growling in anger.


 He quickly moved back as he pulled some distance, his body started shaking.


 Immortal battlefield killer move — Rolling Rock Battlefield!


 The sky was changing, turning into a grey rock battlefield. The battlefield rapidly expanded, covering the zombie dragon and Shi Lei.


 From outside, it looked like a huge grey rock cloud was hanging in the sky, it completely blocked any vision from outside.


 Hei Lou Lan’s and Fang Yuan’s hearts shuddered.


 Hei Lou Lan thought: “An amazing method, it actually is an immortal level battlefield killer move, to form such a killer move, he needs to use at least three Immortal Gu, and these Immortal Gu need to be connected in some way.”


 Fang Yuan was thinking: “Rolling rock battlefield! In my previous life, Vicious Lightning Fiend lost to this move. To think that Shi Lei has already obtained this method at this time.”


 At the same time, Star Lord Wan Xiang was thinking: “Shi Lei is going to fight the zombie dragon to the end! What should I do? There are no longer any ancient desolate beast guards inside the eighth star hall, the battlefield killer move also isolates the inside and outside of the domain... I, should I explore the eighth star hall first?”


 The more Star Lord Wan Xiang thought about it, the more he was moved.


 After a dozen breaths of time, he could not control it anymore, he turned into a shooting star and flew into the eighth star hall.


 “Huh?”


 “Eh?”


 Seeing Star Lord Wan Xiang move so swiftly, Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan stopped their current plans.


 The two were familiar with people’s thought processes, they had keen perception, they immediately guessed the possibility that the star hall’s defenses were no longer a threat!


 “Let’s bet on it.”


 “Do you dare to bet on it and charge in?”


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan transmitted at the same time, they flew up and towards the eighth star hall.


 The two came to the eighth star hall and found the ravaged battlefield. There were three defenses in the eighth star hall, the first was the astral wind flying heavenly boar, the second was the walking meat tree, and the third was the zombie dragon.


 After the three defenses were gone, one could enter the deepest area of the star hall.


 The two used their defensive killer moves at the same time, moving together deep into the star hall.


 Soon, they found the inner hall.


 The inner hall’s doors were opened, as Star Lord Wan Xiang was already inside.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan did not dare to waste their precious time, they hid their figures and stepped into the inner hall.


 At the next moment, they saw Star Lord Wan Xiang.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang was in a strange condition, his back was facing Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan as he stood on the spot, shivering as if he was filled with extreme fright.


 “Immortal Venerable, please spare me!!” Suddenly, he shouted with a tone filled with fear, he directly knelt on the ground, he was begging for mercy!


 Before him was deep darkness.


 The lights in the inner hall were not lit, there was no light source, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan could only see the figure of a huge throne.


 “Immortal Venerable?!” Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan looked at each other.


 “Hmph, acting mysterious.” Soon after, Fang Yuan snorted coldly as he walked forward.


 Hei Lou Lan followed behind.


 At the next moment, their pupils shrunk to pin size as their bodies froze like a rock.


 A woman’s figure appeared before them.


 She was wearing a dark blue robe, her hair was dazzling like the milky way, drooping down. She looked down from above as she pointed at Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan: “You two juniors are simply too daring, you dare to offend Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, quickly kneel down!”


 The aura of rank nine was overwhelming, she was the real deal!


 ...


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House, Bai Qing blessed land.


 The sunlight pierced the window as it shone on a small building on a mountain.


 In the small building, there was a warm and comfortable bed, on it was a woman sitting in a meditating position.


 This woman had inborn beauty like that of a flower, she had white skin and a straightly pointed nose with red lips, she wore a phoenix coronet as she appeared elegant and grand, incapable of being profaned. She was Feng Jin Huang.


 Because of dream wings Immortal Gu, she had gotten into a strange state where she had not woken up for a very long time, all of the Gu Immortals in Spirit Affinity House could do nothing to help her.


 A small sparrow was chirping as it flew onto the window from a tree branch outside.


 As if she had heard this, Feng Jin Huang’s eyelashes suddenly moved.


 Soon after, she opened her eyes, she had woken up.


 “Huang Er, my Huang Er, you have finally woken up!!” Almost at the same time, Feng Jin Huang’s mother, Fairy Bai Qing, appeared in the building. Looking at Feng Jin Huang who had woken up, she was overjoyed and in tears, she hugged Feng Jin Huang tightly.


 “Mother, Huang Er was unfilial, I have worried you.” Feng Jin Huang hugged Bai Qing as she consoled her maturely.


 “All is fine as long as you are alright, Huang Er, are you injured, do you feel anything wrong?” Fairy Bai Qing was worried, she touched Feng Jin Huang’s face and shoulders, checking everywhere.


 “It is not a problem mother! This time, I have found the true use of dream wings Immortal Gu. It can bring me into dream realms!” Feng Jin Huang said.


 “Dream realms?” Fairy Bai Qing was shocked.


 At the next moment, she reacted, her pupils expanded as she showed some uncertain joy, she grabbed Feng Jin Huang’s shoulders: “Daughter, are you sure? It really is about dream realms?!”



***
Chapter 724 - Pitiful Dreamer, Precarious Situation in Dream


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “That’s right.” Feng Jin Huang nodded with certainty: “Using dream wings Immortal Gu, I traveled in a dream realm, I encountered many life forms. I met many people, there were Gu Masters and ordinary people. I saw many wild beasts, tigers, wolves, rabbits, rats, I even found a desolate beast iron crown eagle, I watched it grow up from birth. In the end, I came across an old man, he had a strange temperament, constantly muttering to himself, saying that he is called Kong Jue, he often killed people and dissected their corpses, it was terrifying. He even tried to block my way, I could only dodge left and right and had to escape for a long time. Otherwise, I would have woken up long ago.”


 When Feng Jin Huang first spoke, she had an excited and agitated tone, but when she mentioned Kong Jue, her tone became grim and she felt some lingering fear.


 Fairy Bai Qing heard this and stared straight at her daughter.


 “Mother, what’s wrong?”


 Only when Feng Jin Huang was starting to get worried and asked did Fairy Bai Qing breathe in deeply, her eyes showing extreme happiness: “Huang Er, your opportunity has come! It seems you truly entered a dream realm!! The Kong Jue that you mentioned is likely to be Old Immortal Kong Jue, in history, he was one of the Three Olds, along with Old Eccentric Tian Nan and Long Hair Ancestor. The so called Three Olds were the three refinement path supreme grandmasters over the long course of history!”


 “No wonder I felt that Kong Jue was so familiar when I heard the name.” Feng Jin Huang realized at once, but then her beautiful face showed some confusion: “But why did I encounter Old Immortal Kong Jue? Why did he want to capture me? Why is it that after I woke up, I felt that there are a lot of refinement path methods in my mind, my recognition of certain Gu worms became clearer, and when I see a Gu worm, I would think of its refinement recipe, the materials needed, the funds necessary for the refinement and so on?”


 “Great fortune! This is your great fortune...” Fairy Bai Qing raised her head and sighed, tears were almost about to fall from her eyes.


 “Mother, what is this dream realm, why is it so magical?” Feng Jin Huang asked again.


 Fairy Bai Qing let out a breath of cloudy air, she calmed her emotions and said gently: “Regarding dream realms, mother does not know much either, but the earliest record of a dream realm is written in >.”


 >, Chapter Three, Section Sixteen states: Ren Zu’s third son, Northern Dark Ice Soul had entered a deep part of black heaven, obtaining fire Gu.


 He was chased by many life forms inside black heaven, left without a choice, he tossed fire Gu towards them to protect himself.


 Fire Gu lit up many of the walking meat trees, and the fire spread out to ignite many of the wild beasts’ bodies.


 At once, life forms were crying out as the light of the flames burst out brightly.


 “So many delicious things, so many delicious things!” Fire Gu shouted in excitement, it was no longer weak like before, it was tall and imposing, there was even a hint of ruthlessness and madness in its tone.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was shocked: “Fire, oh fire, how did you become so huge?”


 “I said, I am the least picky when it comes to food, I can eat almost anything. Fire can draw out more fire, a spark can create a forest fire.” Fire Gu shouted proudly as it answered.


 Suddenly, the flame rose up like a wall, moving towards Northern Dark Ice Soul.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul quickly took a step back.


 Fire Gu laughed loudly: “Oh human, do not be scared! You saved me, you are my benefactor, you are my friend. They are afraid of me, but they need me to deal with those dream realms, thus they imprisoned me and starved me. Only you helped me, thus you are my true friend, from now on, if you have any difficulties, you can count on me!”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul’s heart was eased, he said happily: “That would be great, my friend.”


 “Friend!” Fire Gu laughed loudly, it turned into a form of a human as it opened its arms, wanting to give Northern Dark Ice Soul a hug.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul jumped back in fear: “Oh fire, excessive fervor is the fire of self-immolation, let’s keep a distance between us.”


 Fire Gu had no choice but to stop its actions, it spun around Northern Dark Ice Soul as he said: “Oh human, you are so weak, you are not fun.”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was surrounded in flames, he quickly waved his hand: “Don’t get too close, don’t get too close. It is so hot, way too hot, leave a path open for me to walk out.”


 Fire Gu had to open a path for Northern Dark Ice Soul to walk out of, after he walked for several hundred steps, he looked back at the blazing sea of fire with a sigh of relief.


 But at this time, a wild beast came out from the shadows behind him, swallowing Northern Dark Ice Soul in one mouthful.


 “That is a dream realm! There are so many dream realms, they are catching up!” Many life forms shouted as they escaped.


 “Quickly release my friend!” Fire Gu shouted in anger, pouncing towards the beast group of dream realms.


 The dream realm beast group shrunk when shone by the light of the fire, they rapidly melted like a candle. They growled and scattered all over the place.


 Fire Gu continued to eat along the way, it spread towards the dream realm that consumed Northern Dark Ice Soul.


 The dream realms were escaping, but fire Gu was chasing behind them.


 Among the escaping dream realms, the larger their bodies, the stronger they were, and the faster they ran away, soon, they pulled some distance from fire Gu.


 As it turned out, the dream realms used the emotions and desires of their prey to strengthen themselves.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul, who was swallowed by a dream realm, had a huge desire to survive, at the same time, his greatest goal was to revive his father.


 In addition, he was filled with anxiety and was afraid he would not make it. He was also filled with guilt and regret, because Desolate Ancient Moon died due to him giving her a meaning in life.


 One could say that Northern Dark Ice Soul was the best prey for the dream realms.


 The dream realm who swallowed him grew rapidly, fire Gu growled loudly in anger, but it was getting closer to the dream realm.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was deep inside the dream realm, he had fallen asleep, in his dream, he saw Desolate Ancient Moon reviving and smiling to him, calling him a good brother and saying she forgave him, and that she knew he did not do it intentionally.


 He saw that he was at the door of life and death, successfully saving his father, Ren Zu. Ren Zu praised him: You are indeed my good son, if not for you, father would not have revived.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul’s face was filled with a blissful smile.


 And like that, many days passed.


 The sea of fire was still burning intensely, it spread all over black heaven as it finally blocked all of the dream realms which were escaping.


 Under the burning of the flames, the dream realm quickly melted as Northern Dark Ice Soul fell onto the ground, waking up from his dream.


 He suddenly understood that everything in his dream was fake, his happiness was not real, what he faced was a burning hot fire Gu. But his face was filled with tears, he felt an extreme cold that was piercing into his bones.


 He cried out loud, questioning fire Gu: “Why, why did you wake me up? I still want to dream, I want to be eaten by the dream realm!”


 Fire Gu reminded him helplessly: “Oh human, you must know, dreams are often the opposite of reality, they are fake.”


 “I don’t want to listen, I don’t care.” Northern Dark Ice Soul cried out as he covered his ears and shook his head.


 Fire Gu was anxious: “I am your friend, I do not want...”


 Northern Dark Ice Soul interrupted it before it finished: “Since you are my friend, you should not restrict me or obstruct me!”


 “Sigh...” Fire Gu let out a long sigh, it fell into silence, giving Northern Dark Ice Soul a path leading out without a better choice.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul quickly ran out, wanting to find another dream realm within the darkness to have him eaten once again.


 ...


 Central Continent, Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!!!” Facing this person, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were tongue-tied, they were shocked and dazed.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, one of the ten venerables in the history of Gu Masters.


 Legends regarding her had been passed down even until this day.


 She was a rarely seen female rank nine Gu Immortal, the founder of wisdom path, and the creator of star path. She was the second generation reigning immortal of Heavenly Court, even after death she plotted against three Demon Venerables, protecting Heavenly Court from danger.


 Now that she was standing in front of Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan, she looked down arrogantly as her grand aura of rank nine burst out towards them.


 “What is going on? Star Constellation Immortal Venerable? She is still alive?!” Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth, feeling an immense pressure. Even if she had great confidence, and was a formidable person plotting to kill her own father, at this moment her body was shaking as she faced an intense trial of her will.


 After all, the other party was at the peak of Gu Masters, a rank nine Gu Immortal, the legendary Star Constellation Immortal Venerable that she had heard about since a young age.


 Hei Lou Lan could not help but feel her legs go soft, while Star Lord Wan Xiang in front of her was already kneeling on the ground, kowtowing as he begged for mercy.


 The aura of rank nine was undeniable. But Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his eyes shining with ruthlessness: “This feeling? This feeling! This is actually... this is actually a piece of a dream realm?!”


 He could only growl in his mind, he could not produce any sound.


 He could not move at all, under the pressure of the rank nine aura, he felt like an ant that was sealed inside amber.


 Under the intense threat of life and death, Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of danger in his heart.


 “I have to get out of this dream realm, otherwise, all of my plans after rebirth would come to a halt. My plan for eternal life would end here! True solid bat wings, detonate now!!”


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, at the crucial moment, he decided to make a sacrifice.


 The bat wings that he had transplanted after much effort detonated under Fang Yuan’s resolute decision.


 An intense sense of pain assaulted him, turning into a formless energy that protected Fang Yuan’s entire body.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gasped lightly, looking at Fang Yuan deeply: “An immortal zombie, yet so fascinating.”


 Just as she said that, under Fang Yuan’s perception, the entire scene changed, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable vanished, and the eighth star hall disappeared. What he could see was a blue robed Gu Immortal with his face facing Fang Yuan, looking up at the clear moon in the sky above the clouds.


 He muttered: “Heaven has taken pity on me. I, Seven Star Child, have finally combined the seven star spaces into one, forming the unified Starry Sky grotto-heaven. I have passed another huge obstacle in my cultivation journey, I am one step closer to rank nine realm, one step closer! Hahaha, hahaha...”


 Seven Star Child seemed to be unable to sense Fang Yuan’s existence, he continued to face Fang Yuan as he had no inclination to turn around.


 He continued to laugh loudly, his laughter was filled with joy, even Fang Yuan was affected by it and started to feel happy.


 Fang Yuan started to feel some joy in him, but his body was turning cold, like he was in an icy domain.


 “Oh no! This is a dream within a dream! I had just left the dream of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but now I am inside Seven Star Child’s dream.”


 But this time, Fang Yuan had no bat wings left to detonate.



***
Chapter 725 - Seven Star Child Awakens


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Not good! A person’s dream realm is filled with their desires and emotions. I am currently experiencing joy after hearing Seven Star Child’s laughter, it is a signal that I am starting to be infected by the dream’s emotions!” Being inside Seven Star Child’s dream realm, Fang Yuan knew the situation was terrible.


 He had his previous life’s experiences, he knew about the dangers of a dream realm, if one was careless, a grand Gu Immortal could lose himself inside a dream realm, dying in the end.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan had not fallen too deeply into it, to leave the dream realm, the most effective way was to stimulate himself with severe pain.


 But as an immortal zombie, he had no sense of pain. If not for the fact that he had retained the sense of pain in his true solid bat wings earlier, he would have been stuck in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm.


 The encounter earlier was extremely precarious. Thankfully, Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories and recognized that it was a dream realm, thus he could leave before he sunk further into it.


 Fortunately, he had true solid bat wings, and the pain produced from the self-detonation exceeded the power of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream, thus Fang Yuan was pushed out of the rank nine venerable’s dream.


 But just when Fang Yuan escaped from the tiger’s den, he entered the wolf’s cave.


 Seven Star Child was a rank eight Gu Immortal, he did not have a prominent reputation but his battle strength would have been exemplary. Be it Fang Yuan during his previous life or Fang Yuan currently, he was not Seven Star Child’s match.


 Fang Yuan had no more pain that he could inflict, he felt helpless at this moment, like he was quietly awaiting death!


 “No, there has to be a way, there is another way...” Fang Yuan lips were dry, he was nervously clenching his fists.


 “Huh?”


 Sensing his clenched fists, a brilliant light shined in Fang Yuan’s red eyes, he was overjoyed: “There is a chance! Although Seven Star Child is rank eight, he is far inferior to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. In Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream, I could not move at all. But in Seven Star Child’s dream, I have not lost all of my movement ability yet.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan raised one arm with much difficulty.


 It felt like a huge mountain was pressing on his hand, such a simple act of raising his arm became extremely difficult.


 “Rise, rise up!” Fang Yuan’s veins were popping, he stared at this arm as he exerted all of his strength.


 After fifteen minutes, he finally raised his hand to an appropriate degree.


 With much difficulty, he slowly opened his five fingers, conjuring a lump of starlight in his palm.


 There were countless icy shards in the starlight, a continuously soft explosion could be heard from them. The blue starlight shined the entire area blue.


 Seeing this starlight lump, Fang Yuan had an intense feeling of joy and satisfaction.


 “Oh no, I’m starting to feel the same joyful emotions as him, the deeper I am in this dream realm, the more mobility I lose.” Fang Yuan reacted, suppressing his emotions.


 As he expected, his mobility had fallen greatly, he could raise his arm earlier, but now he could only move his fingers.


 His hand spent a lot of effort to create a lump of starlight, this was his final hope.


 “Hidden dream realms cannot be attacked using normal methods. But this piece of dream realm is different, it has already surfaced, since it can interfere with outside forces now, it can also be disrupted and destroyed by those outside forces.”


 Although this piece of dream realm had Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Seven Star Child’s dreams, it had immense value, it was a huge waste to destroy it, but if Fang Yuan did not do this, he would lose his life.


 He had no choice but to do this!


 Fang Yuan exerted all of his strength, his five fingers trembled as the icy drill stardust flew out of his palm slowly.


 Carrying Fang Yuan’s hope, the icy drill stardust slowly hit Seven Star Child’s back.


 “Hahaha, I succeeded, I fused the seven stars into one. Hahahaha... guh!” Seven Star Child’s laughter came to a stop, he turned around but his body was shattering rapidly like a mirror.


 Fang Yuan could only see his face clearly, his entire body had collapsed.


 “A good chance!” Fang Yuan’s entire body relaxed, like the formless mountain pressing on his body had been lifted.


 Fang Yuan regained his mobility and immediately retreated. If he did not move, when the dream realm recovers, he would not be able to any longer.


 But Seven Star Child’s dream was much more fragile that what Fang Yuan had expected.


 Not only did Seven Star Child’s body shatter, the surrounding clouds and the moon in the sky shattered. In the blink of an eye, this dream realm of Seven Star Child vanished completely.


 “How could that be? My icy drill stardust is not strong, all it could do was shatter Seven Star Child’s image, he should recover very quickly. Wait, this situation... could it be?!”


 A flash of inspiration appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind, he thought of a possibility.


 As if responding to his thoughts, a sharp growl could be heard from within the eighth star hall, the voice creating strong sound waves: “Who? Who disrupted my sleep!”


 At the deep, dark spot of the eighth star area, high up on the throne, there were two blue eyes shining brightly.


 Soon after, a body of an immortal zombie resembling a mortal person stood up and stepped out, furiously looking around, fixing his gaze on Star Lord Wan Xiang, Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan.


 At once, Fang Yuan felt extremely alert!


 He moved his entire body and retreated quickly, he did not even have time to turn around, he directly charged out of the star hall.


 “It turns out that Seven Star Child had not died, but transformed into an immortal zombie! No wonder the heavenly spirit did not appear. Hei Lou Lan, I can only help you to this extent.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, before leaving, he fired icy drill stardust towards Hei Lou Lan.


 “Worms, you court death!” Seven Star Child first went to Star Lord Wan Xiang.


 He raised his leg and harshly stepped on Star Lord Wan Xiang’s back.


 Bam!


 With a loud boom, he created a hole in the eighth star hall, Star Lord Wan Xiang’s chest was almost entirely smashed. His injured body was like a shooting star, flying down and crashing into the forest.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie took large strides towards Hei Lou Lan.


 But Hei Lou Lan was attacked by the icy drill stardust, under the intense feeling of pain and cold, she narrowly woke up from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie snickered sinisterly, when he got to around fifty to sixty steps from Hei Lou Lan, he pushed with his left arm.


 Hei Lou Lan had yet to react before her entire body moved back subconsciously, at the same time she raised her arms to block.


 At the next moment, a huge starlight pillar shot out of Seven Star Child immortal zombie’s hand silently.


 Immortal killer move — Star Billow Pillar!


 The defense Hei Lou Lan created was thoroughly destroyed in the blink of an eye by the starlight pillar.


 Luckily, Hei Lou Lan had obtained a crucial moment to rest, she quickly changed her direction.


 Star billow pillar was a straight line attack, Hei Lou Lan narrowly escaped death and avoided the range of the pillar, retreating quickly.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie halted for a moment, before twisting his left arm and adjusting the direction of the pillar.


 Hei Lou Lan dodged left and right, she narrowly avoided star billow pillar many times. Even if she was hit by the light pillar, it was not for more than three breaths of time.


 After dozens of breaths, the huge starlight pillar in Seven Star Child’s hand vanished, and Hei Lou Lan successfully escaped from the eighth star hall, rapidly descending towards the forest.


 When Hei Lou Lan got to Fang Yuan’s side, she could not believe that she actually escaped successfully, keeping her life!


 She did not have strong defensive methods, even with the recovery speed of being a strength path extreme immortal, she could not stay in the light pillar for four breaths of time. During the process of her retreat, she was dancing on the edge of death, if there was an accident and she stayed in it for four breaths, she would have died.


 Fang Yuan grabbed her arm and ran towards the deeper parts of the forest: “Quickly go! Seven Star Child immortal zombie had been trapped in that dream realm for too long, his condition is abnormal and there are few thoughts in his mind, his cognition is slow and he cannot think normally now.”


 Hei Lou Lan was dragged by Fang Yuan, they concealed their figures and stealthily moved past trees after trees, running frantically in the forest.


 She was still confused even now, she asked rapidly: “Dream realm! The Star Constellation Immortal Venerable that I saw earlier was also part of a dream realm? What is a dream realm?”


 Suddenly, Hei Lou Lan’s voice came to a stop, seeing the icy drill stardust marks on her body, she shouted in anger: “Fang Yuan! You actually attacked me?”


 “Shut up! I was saving you, without this icy drill stardust, would you be able to escape from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm? If you could not react in time, you would have been killed by Seven Star Child immortal zombie’s immortal killer move already!” Fang Yuan did not turn around, he replied in an displeased tone.


 Hei Lou Lan was stunned, but she accepted his explanation.


 Fierce and ambitious people were usually easily suspicious, Hei Lou Lan did not believe Fang Yuan, what she believed was the Snowy Mountain Alliance that they had.


 The alliance stated that allies were not to harm or attack each other. When one side was in danger, the other party must attempt to save them to the best of their ability.


 If Fang Yuan’s icy drill stardust was an attack trying to harm Hei Lou Lan, he would have died from the oath already.


 Seeing that he was rapidly running, and causing pain to her arm, Hei Lou Lan understood and broke free from Fang Yuan’s grasp: “I can move myself!”


 Pausing for a while, Hei Lou Lan followed behind Fang Yuan as she asked: “I will remember this favor of saving my life. The compensation that I give you should certainly satisfy you! However, what is that dream realm? As a strength path extreme immortal, I actually sunk into that dream realm with no way of resisting? Dream realm, dream realm... is it that dream realm in >? Is it connected to Great Dream Immortal Venerable? Also, why are you running so rapidly? We have Fixed Immortal Travel.”


 “Shut up!” Fang Yuan shouted, running at his full speed.


 His true solid bat wings were already gone, his speed was much slower now.


 “Worms that invade my territory deserve death!” At this point, Seven Star Child immortal zombie’s furious voice could be heard.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan ran as they looked up, seeing that Seven Star Child immortal zombie had already flown out of the eighth star hall, his attention was on the rolling rock battlefield that was in the air.


 This was unavoidable, after all, the rolling rock battlefield was high in the air, it was massive and was like a huge poisonous tumor attached to the Starry Sky grotto-heaven, it attracted too much hostility.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie thought about it for a while, he stretched out his left arm and burst out with another star billow pillar.


 An immortal level star path killer move, it crashed onto the rolling rock battlefield. The rolling rock battlefield shook intensely, but it did not break.


 The star billow pillar was certainly an immortal killer move, but rolling rock battlefield was also an immortal killer move. In fact, it was a killer move formed by using three Immortal Gu that were related to each other!



***
Chapter 726 - Retreat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing that his attack did not destroy this despicable poisonous tumor, Seven Star Child immortal zombie was stunned, he opened his mouth and roared with even more anger, as his right arm pressed towards the rolling rock battlefield.


 Following his action, a huge hand made of grand starlight formed and slapped the rolling rock battlefield with great force.


 It was another immortal killer move!


 After the attack of two immortal killer moves, the rolling rock battlefield cracked opened as a huge opening revealed the scene inside the battlefield, it had not broken apart yet.


 Fang Yuan saw this and retracted his gaze, running without rest.


 Hei Lou Lan let out a breath of foggy air, her worry was mostly lifted: “Alright, Seven Star Child immortal zombie is fighting Shi Lei now, this is the best situation. Fang Yuan, why are you running?!”


 “Saving a person.” Fang Yuan’s reply was extremely brief and to the point.


 Hei Lou Lan was curious: “Save who?”


 At this time, Fang Yuan turned around a mountain wall and stepped onto a cliff, he pointed: “Him.”


 Hei Lou Lan looked and saw that there was a Gu Immortal lying on a cracked rock after a trail of broken trees: “It is that star path Gu Immortal!”


 The two came to Star Lord Wan Xiang, and saw that there was a huge hole on his chest. Not only was it completely pierced through, he had lost almost all of his chest, only some flesh by the two sides were holding him together.


 Such heavy injuries made even Hei Lou Lan breathe in sharply.


 “This is the power of Seven Star Child immortal zombie’s stomp.” Fang Yuan lowered his body and his eight arms searched Star Lord Wan Xiang’s body in turns.


 After a while, Fang Yuan sighed in disappointment, thinking: “Although his body’s injuries are severe, it can be healed by paying a huge cost. But his soul was sucked into the dream realm, unless Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream was broken, this Gu Immortal’s soul can only wander inside that dream realm, or transform himself into another dream realm.”


 Hei Lou Lan was standing at the side, using her investigative Gu to check, she said with some lingering fear: “There is no way to save him, even his soul is entirely missing now, don’t tell me it was because of that dream realm? If you did not save me, would I end up in that state as well?”


 “What a pity.” Fang Yuan muttered, his movements did not stop: “If he was still alive, we could still gain important information from him. In fact, we could use your slavery Immortal Gu to make him become one of us, doing our bidding. We could even plot against Shi Lei, and might have a chance of killing Shi Lei without taking any risks, while also leaving us free from suspicion, obtaining the greatest benefits!”


 “Hey, are you listening to my words!” Hei Lou Lan was stomping her feet in anger.


 “If you have the time for that, why don’t you come and help me seal the immortal aperture in his body.” Fang Yuan’s words attracted all of Hei Lou Lan’s attention.


 This was a complete rank six blessed land!


 Hei Lou Lan quickly moved ahead and sent out her divine sense, but it could only move around the area outside the immortal aperture, unable to enter.


 “He is dead, but he left behind his obsession, the blessed land now has a land spirit.” Fang Yuan’s eight arms were continuing to move, planting all sorts of Gu worms on Star Lord Wan Xiang’s corpse.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s injuries continued to heal.


 “I, what can I do to help?” Hei Lou Lan was stunned by the incredible techniques that Fang Yuan was using endlessly right now.


 Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly locked, he was concentrating: “Sealing the blessed land is a troublesome matter, thankfully the land spirit has just been formed. I did not expect such a situation, I am lacking Gu worms now. You have to observe the battle situation up there, while communicating with treasure yellow heaven to buy these Gu worms. Remember, we cannot have a single one missing!”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan transmitted his divine sense.


 “I know.” Hei Lou Lan obtained a list and her face was serious.


 She stood beside Fang Yuan, acting as a guard while using her own immortal aperture to communicate with treasure yellow heaven. Not just that, she even used the moving perspective cup Gu that Fang Yuan lent her to ask for help from Fairy Li Shan.


 Boom boom boom...


 High in the sky, Seven Star Child immortal zombie continued to attack endlessly, his immortal killer moves were unleashed as if they did not cost any immortal essence at all, he used them one after another.


 The rolling rock battlefield could not take the pressure and was finally broken.


 The battlefield broke apart, and the zombie dragon fell from the sky helplessly, like a dead snake with lots of injuries.


 Shi Lei, who caused its injuries, was not in a good state either, he was covered in wounds, especially the one on his chest, it extended from his shoulder to his waist, the wound was so deep his bones could be seen.


 Shi Lei was panting heavily, his face was pale. There was still a trace of grey white zombie fire burning on his body. In order to defeat the zombie dragon, he had paid a huge price and suffered heavy injuries.


 But the more injured he was, the greater his fighting intent.


 Seeing Seven Star Child immortal zombie, who was stronger than the zombie dragon, this Gu Immortal from Combat Immortal Sect laughed loudly, he did not have any fear, instead, his fighting intent was blazing like a forest fire.


 “Intruder, die.” Seven Star Child immortal zombie shouted, expressionlessly pointing a finger at Shi Lei.


 Immortal killer move — One Star Finger!


 At the same time, Shi Lei snickered, flipping his palm.


 Immortal killer move — Shocking Rock Break!


 The two killer moves were attacking methods that had short activation time but great offensive power. Seven Star Child immortal zombie’s fingertip burst out with starlight, in the blink of an eye, it tore through space and pierced Shi Lei’s chest.


 Meanwhile, a huge mountain rock pressed down on Seven Star Child immortal zombie, with a loud bang, Seven Star Child immortal zombie was sent crashing to the ground, buried under a small hill.


 Shi Lei’s blood was spewing out in a line, from the front and back of his chest. His body shook in the air for a while, he almost fell but he managed to continue floating.


 Shi Lei was stunned, the attack earlier was too fast, if he did not move his body in time, his heart would have been destroyed.


 At the area of his wound, there were countless star path dao marks, as they were near his heart, blood was flowing out unceasingly. Ordinary mortal Gu could not help, even mortal healing killer moves could not do anything, but Shi Lei had his own healing Immortal Gu.


 After the treatment of the Immortal Gu, Shi Lei’s injuries healed rapidly, the blood stopped spewing out, it flowed down his chest like a stream.


 Right after he finished treating his injuries, the rock that was suppressing Seven Star Child immortal zombie broke apart, a huge starlight hand pressed hard and broke the rock into pieces, sending the shards flying.


 Roar!


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie shouted loudly, his body was covered in a multi-colored star cloak.


 With a loud bang, he flew up, only leaving behind an illusory figure on the spot. The intense force caused the ground below the immortal zombie to crack, caving in to form a crater.


 Shi Lei’s pupils shrunk, he was shocked by Seven Star Child’s burst of speed.


 Shi Lei had just summoned his defensive Immortal Gu when Seven Star Child immortal zombie crashed towards him with a loud bang.


 The Immortal Gu’s defense was nearly broken, Shi Lei spat out a mouthful of blood with his vision spinning, he was sent flying into the sky from the impact.


 “Oh no, this is a movement immortal killer move!” Shi Lei could feel the wind brushing against his ears, he tried hard to open his eyes.


 Whoosh!


 Hearing something with his ears, Shi Lei turned around with much difficulty, only to see Seven Star Child immortal zombie covered in a robe of starlight, piercing the clouds and appearing before him.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie flew alongside Shi Lei, towards the sky.


 At that moment, the immortal zombie opened his left palm, aiming it at Shi Lei’s head.


 Immortal killer move — Star Billow Pillar!


 Boom—!


 The huge light pillar pierced the cloud layer from a high altitude, penetrating a mountain peak and causing a large area to collapse and fall apart, resulting in much dust and smoke.


 A body descended from the sky like a broken sack.


 It was Shi Lei.


 He had endured the attack of the star billow pillar for fifteen breaths, but he was still alive and had some battle strength left. His entire head was charred black, his facial features were all blurry, like the melted wax of a candle.


 Roar—!


 Shi Lei opened his eyes, his golden pupils bursting out with an unprecedented ruthless light.


 His heart was filled with rage, he finally used his greatest trump card.


 Earth path, transformation path — dual immortal killer move — Rock Mountain Immortal Monkey King Transformation!


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie charged over, but was repelled by a burst of golden light. When the giant pillar of golden light vanished, a sixteen meter tall giant monkey appeared.


 The monkey had golden fur, like it was clad in golden armor. The muscles on its body were bulging like huge rocks. Its golden pupils were emitting an emotionless dominance, as the reflection of Seven Star Child immortal zombie could be seen in its eyes.


 There were a pair of huge hands with red fingernails that were sharp as swords, when his fingers were extended, his hands looked like two fearsome claws.


 Opening its mouth, fangs grew, in a moment, fangs were protruding out of its mouth, it was as if a demonic god had descended into the mortal world.


 On one end, it was the huge Immortal Monkey King, on the other end there was the awakened immortal zombie clad in a starry cloak, the two were at a standstill, neither of them attacked yet.


 Hei Lou Lan watched with her heart shaking, she knew that the moment the two of them attacked, it would be an overwhelming battle, she could not help but urge Fang Yuan: “Quick, the situation is becoming more troublesome.”


 “Okay, okay. But without Immortal Gu, we can only last for seven minutes. Once the time is up, the immortal aperture will have to land on the ground and take root.” Fang Yuan was extremely busy, he felt dizzy as his eight arms stopped moving in that complex manner.


 He heaved a deep sigh, looking at the sky, seeing the fearsome Immortal Monkey King, as well as the Seven Star Child immortal zombie who was surrounded by shiny starlight.


 Immortal Monkey King moved his golden pupils, using his peripheral vision to look at Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan.


 Fang Yuan’s concealment method could not deceive Shi Lei in his current state.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk: “He found us. Quick, hide the corpse!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression was solemn, she quickly dragged Star Lord Wan Xiang’s leg and tossed him into her immortal aperture.


 At this time, Seven Star Child immortal zombie howled towards the sky.


 His voice pierced heaven and earth, beams of starlight pillars shot down from the sky.


 From the pillars, desolate beasts came out, diamond bear, flying sword rat, star desolate hound, golden pangolin...


 After Seven Star Child immortal zombie started thinking again, he finally used the advantage of the grotto-heaven, he released the desolate beasts inside the seven spaces and displayed an overpowering position!


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan said nothing more, activating Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Immortal Monkey King’s expression changed.


 Hei Lou Lan entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, in just a few breaths of time, the two of them vanished.


 “Fixed Immortal Travel, immortal zombie... Fang Yuan!” Three phrases appeared in Immortal Monkey King’s mind, but Seven Star Child immortal zombie charged over again. Shi Lei was bold but he was not stupid enough to continue fighting.


 He flew down, towards the walking meat tree, and placed the two segments of the tree into his immortal aperture.


 Boom!


 A trace of starlight tore through the sky, piercing Immortal Monkey King’s huge body. It was Seven Star Child’s immortal killer move, one star finger!


 After Shi Lei was hit, his body merely shook slightly, he continued to fly towards the flying heavenly boar corpse.


 He had the intention to retreat already, he wanted to get his loot before leaving.


 He endured Seven Star Child immortal zombie’s attacks as he flew towards the astral wind flying heavenly boar corpse, stretching out his arm to grab it, but he got nothing instead!


 “What?!” Shi Lei was shocked, seeing the broken mortal Gu on his arm, he understood at once and flew into a rage, it had to be that Fang Yuan!


 Bam!


 At the next moment, a star billow pillar hit Immortal Monkey King directly on the back, causing him to fall onto the ground.



***
Chapter 727 - Escape


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immortal Monkey King was hit directly by the star billow pillar, with a loud thud, he crashed on the ground, with his head facing the floor.


 He growled angrily, spitting out the soil in his mouth, getting up quickly.


 Shi Lei did not care about the Seven Star Child immortal zombie, he only wanted to get to the star demon bat corpse, towards the location in his memories.


 He took huge steps as he ran, uprooting all of the trees in his way. He looked at the star demon bat corpse from afar, joyful to see that it was still intact.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Right at this moment, three golden lights flew over from the sky.


 The golden lights were extremely fast and agile, they were three flying sword rat desolate beasts.


 Shi Lei snorted coldly, he did not want to engage with them, he raised his arms and covered his face.


 Clank clank clank…


 The flying sword rats’ nails were as sharp as swords, they scratched Immortal Monkey King’s huge body, but no blood was seen as the soft golden monkey fur blocked the nails, emitting a loud metallic noise.


 Shi Lei’s current form had outstanding defense.


 The three flying sword rats did not let go of Shi Lei yet, they were small and agile, they followed him and continued to scratch and hack away at his body.


 Bunches of monkey fur fell from Shi Lei’s body.


 Wherever Shi Lei went, monkey fur would scatter on the ground.


 “Damn rats!” Shi Lei shouted, whipping his tail and using it like a golden whip.


 The flying sword rats were hit by the tail, but after they were sent flying, they returned and continued to disturb him.


 Just as he was about to reach the star demon bat corpse, a diamond bear appeared.


 “Scram!” Shi Lei was furious, he clenched his fists and swept with his arms, his fists were slamming horizontally as his brute force pushed the heavy diamond bear away.


 The diamond bear flew in the air for a short distance, before crashing partway up the mountain. With a loud thud, its body which resembled diamonds had cracks on it, but it stood up like it was uninjured.


 Desolate beasts generally had strong vitality, they were durable and sturdy existences.


 Shi Lei did not want to tangle with the diamond bear, he only wanted to get back his loot.


 He ignored the disturbance of the flying sword rats as he reached the star demon bat corpse and grabbed it with his hand.


 The star demon bat corpse shattered, he had been deceived once again.


 Shi Lei reacted quickly, shouting in anger: “Damn, what method is this? How can it look so real! Flying bear, right, there is still a flying bear here.”


 Still having some hope in his heart, the golden fur giant monkey changed directions and continued to run.


 Along the way, he was met with obstruction from desolate beasts, but with his brute strength, he forcefully carved out a path.


 During this period, Seven Star Child immortal zombie who was in the air attacked non-stop, sending blows towards the golden fur giant monkey, even with the great defense of the Immortal Monkey King form, his skin was torn and flesh was exposed.


 Shi Lei finally got close to the flying bear corpse, but he saw that there were five flying bears surrounding the corpse, some made mournful cries while others were licking the blood on the ground.


 There was one which used its head to nudge the flying bear corpse, but the image flickered.


 Shi Lei saw this and lost all hope, it was completely dashed as rage overwhelmed him: “It seems that all of the desolate beasts that I killed were stolen by that despicable thief Fang Yuan!! All of these are my loot, the fruits of my victory. He dared to steal my possessions, the Immortal Monkey King’s, how long has it been since such a thing has happened?”


 Shi Lei’s huge body attracted the attention of the flying bears.


 Grrr!


 The five flying bears had bloodshot eyes as they charged towards the golden fur giant monkey.


 Shi Lei did not have the mood to fight with them, at this point, he knew there was nothing to gain here, he wanted to escape.


 Even though Star Lord Wan Xiang was killed and Shi Lei lost the method to leave Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he knew the location of that grotto-heaven loophole, as long as he can find that place, he could exert force and create a bigger hole, connecting to the outside world of Central Continent.


 Shi Lei immediately changed directions, but he realized that while the five flying bears were still charging towards him from the front, on the left, there were three blazing divine stallions getting closer. On the right, there was a huge ghost face tortoise, and behind him were seven star desolate hounds.


 In just a short while, he was surrounded by desolate beasts on all sides.


 Shi Lei wanted to fly into the sky, but he looked up to see an iron crown eagle, a nine palace crane, and a qi grand lion, these three desolate beasts above him. Other than that, Seven Star Child immortal zombie was also ready to attack.


 “Three desolate beasts are nothing much, but this immortal zombie…” The golden fur giant monkey’s golden pupils shined with wariness.


 He lowered his head, looking around and deciding to break through from the right side.


 On his right, there was a ghost face tortoise, it was like the size of three mountains, floating in the sky silently. It was the largest in build and had the most difficulty in turning around. If Seven Star Child immortal zombie continued to attack, he could use the ghost face tortoise’s huge body to act as a shield!


 Shi Lei made up his mind and took a huge step forward, charging towards the ghost face tortoise.


 He had transformed into the golden fur giant monkey, he was more than twice as large as Fang Yuan’s eight armed immortal zombie form. But in front of the ghost face tortoise, he was like a pearl in front of a wolf.


 The ghost face tortoise growled, as countless soul beasts emerged from the holes on its shell.


 The dark blue colored soul beasts formed into an army, huge in numbers, filling the sky and charging towards the golden monkey like a torrential wave.


 Shi Lei fought against the flow and moved up, his fists sending all of the soul beasts in his way flying. His golden fur had great defense, although the soul beasts were huge in numbers, they were slaughtered mercilessly.


 Shi Lei managed to use this soul beast army to avoid the entrapment of the desolate beasts. Only those three flying sword rats were still near him, causing small wounds from time to time.


 “This immortal zombie seems to be unable to think, even though he has strength, his beasts are hindering each other, and cannot display their true power. If it was me, I would’ve attacked long ago. Who cares about the lives of the soul beasts.” Shi Lei had rich battle experience, after evading the ghost face tortoise, he had an idea and purposely slowed down.


 Under the encirclement of the soul beast army, he continued to move forward. The other beasts could only stand far away, even Seven Star Child immortal zombie was staring blankly, as if he did not want to harm the soul beast army.


 Finally, Shi Lei came to the opening of the loophole of the grotto-heaven.


 He let out a breath of turbid air, he was just about to relax before he winced, as blood poured out from his back.


 “These three accursed rats!” Shi Lei growled in anger, he turned around and raised his fist, sending the flying sword rats flying.


 The flying sword rats earlier could not cause much damage, but when damage accumulated, a small injury would grow into a large one, his back’s injury was already filled with metal path dao marks.


 The flying sword rats crashed onto the ground, but they quickly flew towards Shi Lei again.


 Shi Lei’s eyes shone with a ruthless light, he activated an immortal killer move — Filthy Mud Robe.


 The three flying sword rats landed on the filthy mud robe and could not free themselves, like they were stuck in a swamp.


 Shi Lei used another move, earth’s root!


 From the thick filthy mud robe, countless spikes shot out, stabbing and piercing the flying sword rats.


 The flying sword rats held on for over a dozen breaths of time before their tiny bodies were pierced through by hundreds of spikes, they died at the scene.


 At this time, Seven Star Child immortal zombie finally reacted, he mobilized the soul beast army and ordered the desolate beasts to charge forward fearlessly.


 “It is too late, fool.” Shi Lei breathed in deeply, the sticky filthy mud robe on his body moved rapidly, detaching from his body and covering the grotto-heaven opening.


 Shi Lei placed both his palms on the filthy mud robe, pouring a large amount of immortal essence into it.


 Immortal killer move — Earth Disintegration!


 The filthy mud robe scattered and flowed out, the grotto-heaven crack became a huge hole after this attack. Shi Lei could see another sky out of this huge hole.


 He laughed heartily, taking a huge step and forcing his way out.


 Because it was a forceful breakthrough and was not as meticulous as Star Lord Wan Xiang’s methods, during the process of leaving, a huge invisible force squeezed at Shi Lei’s body from all directions.


 Thankfully, Shi Lei had become the golden fur giant monkey, his defenses rose by more than ten times. He resisted the pressure and went through the hole, his body was covered in blood, especially the wound caused by the flying sword rats, his flesh was mushy and large amounts of blood was oozing out.


 Shi Lei sucked in a breath of cold air from the pain, he shouted in his heart: “Who dares to block my way, I am out of here! That accursed immortal zombie, I will definitely take you down. And for that Fang Yuan, the thief that stole my loot. A mere tiny rank six immortal zombie that doesn’t know what is good for him, he dared to offend me! When I return, I will deal with you properly, and let you know the terrible fate for offending me!”


 Thoughts flashed in Shi Lei’s mind, but at this time, he heard the growls of flying bears near him.


 Shi Lei quickly looked around, seeing that five flying bears had gotten extremely close to him from five different directions.


 “What is going on?” He raised his head and looked, only to see six huge star shadows in the sky.


 “Why am I still here? I had undoubtedly…” Shi Lei was extremely shocked, his mouth was wide open.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie looked at him as he laughed coldly: “Little monkey, did you think that my seven star space is so simple? I do have to thank you, if you did not awaken me, I might still be stuck in that dream realm. As thanks, I will bury your corpse below my most beloved mountain peak.”


 By now, Seven Star Child had actually regained his senses, he could think normally again!


 “This is bad.” Shi Lei’s heart sank.


 Five flying bears raised their paws, attacking the golden fur giant monkey.


 “Scram!” Shi Lei was just about to erupt, when starlight flickered around him, his body became heavier and his movement became slower — Seven Star Child immortal zombie had attacked.


 This was only a mortal killer move, but its effect was amazing, it was even more effective than the offensive immortal killer move earlier.


 At once, bear paws slammed down from all directions.


 Shi Lei shielded himself on his left and right, but he was unable to protect himself thoroughly, when he finally got rid of his restraint, he rolled and escaped from the five bears. But at this time, he was already dizzy from the beating, his muscles were swollen, becoming green and purple, although he had no bone fractures, his body was aching intensely.


 After Seven Star Child regained his senses, his danger level escalated intensely!


 “I have no choice, I will have to seek help from the sect! Hmph, to think that I, the grand Immortal Monkey King, was forced to use seek help Gu at this moment! Where will my reputation go after this? Fang Yuan, this is all your fault, after I am saved, I will make sure you pay!!” Shi Lei shouted in his heart, he was going to puke blood from anger.


 Fang Yuan not only stole his loot, causing his trip to be an overall loss, he even took away Star Lord Wan Xiang and trapped Shi Lei in this Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 Woof woof woof!


 Two star desolate hounds traveled over, and the ghost face tortoise also floated ahead of him soundlessly.


 Immortal Monkey King raised his head, shouting at Seven Star Child immortal zombie: “Fight me for three hundred more rounds if you have the guts!”


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie laughed arrogantly: “Sure, come here.”


 The golden fur giant monkey growled as sharp golden light burst out, forcing Seven Star Child immortal zombie to squint in response.


 After the golden light faded, Shi Lei regained his human form, he charged into the forest and sped away rapidly.


 The result was — he ran away!


 He ran away!


 The Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei famous for his bravery and ruthlessness in Central Continent had chosen to escape. If this was known to the outside world, who knows how many of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals would gasp in shock.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie was shocked for a while before reacting, responding angrily: “You dare to trick me? I thought you were a heroic champion who would rather battle to the death and would never give up! Escape, go ahead and run, I want to see where you can escape to in this grotto-heaven of mine?!”


 Shi Lei did not say a word, he ran even faster.



***
Chapter 728 - Star Form Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “We are here.” Fang Yuan looked around him and gave a satisfied nod.


 “Where is this?” Hei Lou Lan came out of Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 The two had used Fixed Immortal Travel to escape Starry Sky grotto-heaven and arrive at this place.


 Hei Lou Lan looked around her and guessed this was either an underground cavern or inside a hollow mountain. The light was sparse, causing the place to be dark and gloomy, there were jagged rocks and the moisture in the air was very high, however it was quite spacious.


 “This place is Earth Abyss.” Fang Yuan lightly replied.


 “Earth Abyss?” Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan with an astonished gaze.


 She was not unfamiliar with Central Continent, and knew that this Earth Abyss was located in the far west of Central Continent, and was an incomparably large underground world.


 Earth Abyss was divided into tens of layers with every layer being at least hundreds of thousands of square kilometers in size. The space was extremely large and the underground world was deep and secluded. There were all sorts of caves and tunnels, some were like labyrinths, some had giant underground lakes while some had flat ground.


 Earth Abyss was home to untold number of living organisms, it was full of vitality, the unique ecology was clearly different from the surface.


 “Truly a great place, the earth qi is dense in Earth Abyss and will greatly reduce the time for the blessed land to fall.”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded then changed the subject: “But the main headquarters of Ancient Soul Sect is in Earth Abyss. Ancient Soul Sect is one of the ten great ancient sects, it is like a colossal beast that has held dominance over the far west for thousands of years. They have occupied Earth Abyss and treat it as their own exclusive domain. If you want the blessed land to fall here, it is like planting flowers in another person’s backyard, aren’t you afraid of being found?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Don’t worry, the depths of Earth Abyss are extremely secluded, Ancient Soul Sect has spent thousands of years but has only explored no more than eighteen layers fully, with some brief explorations up to the twenty-seventh layer. From the twenty-eight to thirty-sixth layers, only Ancient Soul Sect’s Gu Immortals roam about occasionally. As long as we plant the blessed land below the fortieth layer, we do not need to be concerned about being discovered even if we make a large commotion.”


 “Fortieth layer? I remember the exploration of Earth Abyss done by Ancient Soul Sect only found thirty-six layers?” Hei Lou Lan was astonished.


 Fang Yuan snickered: “That is because they are incompetent, the depth of Earth Abyss surpasses people’s imaginations. How could it stop at thirty-six layers?”


 As he said this, he recalled his previous life.


 In his previous life, when Fang Yuan was rank five, endless beast tides emerged from Earth Abyss, attacking the surface and bringing disaster to Central Continent.


 Ancient Soul Sect suffered the brunt of their attack, suffering such disastrous losses that their foundation was damaged.


 After the beast tides charged out of Earth Abyss, they constantly drove out beast groups on Central Continent’s surface and gradually formed into an unprecedented, terrifying beast tide that spread over the whole of Central Continent.


 In those years, there was great misery and suffering in Central Continent, countless small sects were destroyed like stones in the path of a flood.


 The ten great ancient sects organized groups of experts and rushed everywhere to destroy the beast tide.


 They spent several years before they were finally able to eradicate the beast tide from the surface. Afterwards, both righteous and demonic path Gu Masters moved together inside Earth Abyss.


 Fang Yuan also entered Earth Abyss together with others and killed wild beasts, obtaining resources for his cultivation.


 They purged layers after layers, and entered deeper and deeper. After entering the thirty-sixth layer, Gu Masters discovered a new passage.


 Further down was an even larger underground world with territories of countless beast groups, desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. It was a land filled with dangers everywhere.


 Even when Fang Yuan had self-detonated, the exploration of the Earth Abyss had not finished. They had only discovered there were one hundred and seven layers.


 Ancient Soul Sect currently occupied thirty-six layers, which was just the portion that was closest to the surface.


 Fang Yuan naturally would not speak of these details to Hei Lou Lan, he only said: “Just follow me.”


 Hei Lou Lan saw Fang Yuan’s confident appearance and followed him deeper into Earth Abyss.


 The place they had appeared was the eighth layer. And as they moved down, they saw many of Ancient Soul Sect’s Gu Masters. These Gu Masters mostly were in groups, some were hunting wild beasts while some were gathering underground moss.


 The deeper they went, the fewer the number of Gu Masters they saw while the cultivations of the Gu Masters increased correspondingly.


 From rank two Gu Masters at the start to rank three to rank four.


 How could these mortals have the ability to detect Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan’s traces? Even if they brushed past some Gu Masters in a narrow path, these mortals would not have been able to sense anything.


 When they reached the thirtieth layer, they no longer saw mortal Gu Masters. It was a scene of darkness which greatly restricted vision, but fortunately, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were Gu Immortals, they had all sorts of investigative Gu.


 At the thirty-fifth layer, one of Ancient Soul Sect’s rank six Gu Immortals was being chased miserably by an ancient desolate beast and four desolate beasts.


 This Gu Immortal had helped Fang Yuan, he and Hei Lou Lan were able to smoothly pass through the desolate beasts’ camps and enter the thirty-sixth layer.


 Here, Fang Yuan walked to the key area according to his previous life’s memory.


 After setting up six Gu formations, Fang Yuan pointed below his feet and said to Hei Lou Lan: “My attack power is not enough, it is better if you activate your Immortal Gu and attack this muddy ground.”


 Hei Lou Lan followed Fang Yuan’s instruction, she transformed into a strength path phantom giant and punched heavily at the muddy ground three times.


 Mud and stones spattered, but could not splash out of the Gu formations. Thunderous sounds echoed, but outside the Gu formations, it was a scene of tranquil silence.


 The muddy ground was not completely smashed and only formed a crater that reached seventy to eighty feet.


 “Continue, quickly!” Fang Yuan urged before jumping inside.


 Hei Lou Lan took a deep breath and jumped inside, punching rapidly.


 Under these continuous bombardments, the giant crater deepened further and after thousands of feet, it finally broke open completely, forming a hole.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan entered this hole to the thirty-seventh layer.


 Hei Lou Lan was covered with sweat. She raised her head and saw that the hole was rapidly being restored under the effect of the Gu formations.


 “That was the thinnest area in the thirty-sixth layer. Even so, it was nearly ten thousand feet thick.”‘ Fang Yuan explained.


 “How did you discover this place?” Hei Lou Lan was filled with doubts.


 Fang Yuan snickered. Due to the Snowy Mountain Alliance, he could not lie but could choose to not speak.


 Hei Lou Lan saw Fang Yuan’s silence and snorted, but did not pursue it.


 The thirty-seventh layer was filled with much more danger. After all, this place was completely in its raw state, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan could be said to be among the first outsiders to explore it.


 When the two finally reached the fortieth layer, the seal on Star Lord Wan Xiang finally reached its time limit.


 “Your estimate was really accurate.” Hei Lou Lan placed Star Lord Wan Xiang’s corpse on the ground and gazed at Fang Yuan deeply.


 At Fang Yuan’s will, hundreds of mortal Gu flew out from Star Lord Wan Xiang’s body like a swarm of locusts, they buzzed as they flew into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 Without the layer of suppression, Star Lord Wan Xiang’s body gradually let out bright starlight.


 The starlight became brighter and brighter, at the same time, the ground started to tremor.


 Several breaths later, vast amounts of earth qi emerged like layers of dust accumulating on the ground.


 The starlight stabilized, the piercing radiance was comparable to the sun during a summer afternoon.


 A formless suction force suddenly erupted which started to absorb the surrounding earth qi. Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan had already retreated far away from the starlight.


 “What is going on?”


 “It is an earthquake, another earthquake!”


 “Leave, the earthquake this time is quite strong, if we don’t leave now we might be buried alive.”


 The Gu Masters in Earth Abyss scurried off like rats, shouting in panic as they ran as fast as they could out of Earth Abyss.


 They did not feel this was strange.


 The structure of Earth Abyss was not stable and there would occasionally be earthquakes or collapse of places within. It was because of this as well that Ancient Soul Sect did not spend a lot of energy to carry out explorations, even though they were in control of this place.


 Large amounts of stones fell down from above, even more dangerous were those sharp stalactites that could pierce through rank three defensive Gu if they struck.


 In fact, not only the Gu Masters, the numerous living beings in Earth Abyss were also in misery. Many were crushed to death by the falling stones, while others were buried alive.


 To place the blessed land, Fang Yuan had brought about the death of at least a hundred thousand or more lives.


 After five minutes of time, the starlight slowly stopped absorbing earth qi, and formed a large square door. The large door was completely constructed from starlight and was hovering in the air. There was a plaque on top of the door where four words were written – Star Form Blessed Land.


 Hei Lou Lan let out a breath of cloudy air: “We finally succeeded, it seems our luck is not bad. The commotion was huge, but it did not lead to an attack from the wild beasts in this place.”


 “Let’s go.” Fang Yuan took the lead and opened the starry entrance.


 Hei Lou Lan followed closely behind. The two entered Star Form blessed land.


 It was as if it was late at night in here, the sky was pitch black and filled with stars.


 The dazzling starlight shone on the ground of the blessed land, the visibility was high and it was not dark.


 The whole of Star Form blessed land’s terrain was like a giant basin. In the center were upwards sloping grounds while at the edge of the blessed land were continuous mountain ranges, as if forming a circular wall.


 “So much star fragment grass!” Fang Yuan looked at the ground, the grass underneath him here actually entirely consisted of star fragment grass.


 Star fragment grass clearly required to be planted on cloud soil, but this star fragment grass was directly planted on the black muddy ground, yet their growth was in a much better state than the ones Fang Yuan planted in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan sighed with praise: “This is the benefit of having a star path blessed land, growing the related plants is not only easier, but also guarantees harvest.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze was, however, attracted to the spinefin star dragonfish that were leisurely flying in the night sky.


 She could only see three spinefin star dragonfish.


 These giant dragon fish were about the size of a whale, but had the shape of a carp. There were bones protruding out of their backs that extended outwards.


 Their scales were blue in color, their eyes were as large as carts, with some starry radiance in them.


 However, under the keen observation of Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan, they quickly discovered some traces of battle. Not far away, large patches of plotted grass were in flames with black smoke rising up. The three spinefin star dragonfish had injuries on their body. At the far end of their sight, those continuous mountain ranges also showed unnatural holes, like cheese that was nibbled at by rats.


 “It seems that this Gu Immortal had been in a fierce battle.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Right, if not for my main body being heavily injured by Song Zi Xing, suffering hidden injuries to both the physical body and soul, how could my grand main body, Star Lord Wan Xiang, perish inside the eighth star hall?” A boy suddenly appeared before Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan.


 His appearance was as if he was carved from jade. He was wearing pinkish blue clothes wrapped around his chest and stomach, his small arms and legs were tender white like lotus roots. He was hovering in the air, his small cheeks puffing in anger.



***
Chapter 729 - Splitting Loot


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Star Lord Wan Xiang? It’s him...” Hearing the land spirit introduce himself, Fang Yuan revealed a flash of comprehension on his face.


 “Land spirit, do you still remember me?” Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “I had bought star fragment grass and the killer move, spring star rain, from your main body previously.”


 Star Form Child’s gaze flickered, he reassessed Fang Yuan as his expression became more gentle: “So it is you, I have some impression.”


 “Just the land spirit alone cannot take care of the entire blessed land, I wonder if you would like to seek refuge with one of us?” Fang Yuan asked directly.


 Hei Lou Lan stood at the side, showing some nervousness on her face, she stared intently at Star Form Child.


 Star Form Child nodded his small head, showing some sadness, saying: “To protect this foundation, I will need the help of others. But I have my conditions.”


 Although Star Form Child was formed from Star Lord Wan Xiang’s lingering obsession, it had assimilated with the blessed land and was the representative of the blessed land’s will.


 If he did not have the help of other Gu Immortals, the blessed land would experience heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities again and again, until it perishes.


 Any life form had an instinct for survival, even land spirits were no exception.


 “Please speak.” Fang Yuan quickly asked.


 Star Form Child frowned, pouting as he said angrily: “The reason my main body died in the eighth star hall was because of Song Zi Xing. He caused a huge injury to my main body, forcing me to expose my secret and explore the grotto-heaven with Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei. If you want to become this blessed land’s owner, you will need to bring me Song Zi Xing’s head!”


 “Song Zi Xing’s head?” Hei Lou Lan heard this condition and laughed bitterly.


 Even though she was not a person from Central Continent, she had heard of Song Zi Xing’s reputation.


 Song Zi Xing was a former disciple of Myriad Dragon Dock, after getting the blood sea inheritance, he refused to hand it over and chose to betray them. In order to exterminate him, Myriad Dragon Dock sent eight Gu Immortals in succession.


 Five rank six and three rank seven, in the end, four were killed by Song Zi Xing, three were crippled and one was forced to retreat.


 Myriad Dragon Dock suffered a huge loss and from then on, they did not dare to attack Song Zi Xing without preparation again.


 Song Zi Xing was now roaming around scot-free, he was one of the strongest experts among the demonic path in Central Continent, he had rank seven cultivation and used the blood path which was extremely powerful at fighting.


 People in Central Continent publicly recognized that Song Zi Xing’s battle strength was about the same as Shi Lei, while being weaker than Feng Jiu Ge. That was because many years ago, Song Zi Xing had encountered Feng Jiu Ge and was forced to retreat after Feng Jiu Ge used three moves to utterly defeat him.


 “Alright, I will give it a try.” Fang Yuan’s expression was unchanged, he agreed.


 “You have to hurry, try your best! Star Form blessed land’s earthly calamity is coming soon, if I cannot get through it, the blessed land will be destroyed, it will be useless even if you meet the condition then.” Star Form Child urged.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shined: “If that is the case, I can help you resist the earthly calamity first.”


 Star Form Child shook his head like it was a rattle: “I will not allow any external Gu Immortal to stay in Star Form blessed land for more than seven minutes. People’s hearts are hard to read, only my master can help me to pass tribulation. Not long after, I will use treasure yellow heaven to spread this information, and get more people to deal with that accursed Song Zi Xing!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s heart sank, but she had a deeply scheming heart, her expression was still very calm.


 She thought about her words as she said: “Then you have to be careful, land spirit. People’s hearts are hard to read, you might attract greedy wolves that would come and attack your blessed land directly!”


 Star Form Child laughed: “Don’t worry, I am not stupid, I will not expose this location to them. Only those who meet my condition can enter Star Form blessed land. Leave, and remember not to tell others the location of this blessed land.”


 The land spirit was sending the guests out, Fang Yuan did not stay forcefully, he bid his farewell and left with Hei Lou Lan using the blessed land’s entrance, back to Earth Abyss.


 The moment the two of them stepped into Earth Abyss, the door behind them vanished, completely disappearing.


 The blessed land was a small world, even though it was placed on the ground and took in earth qi, as long as the entrance was not open, it was very well hidden.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were silent, after getting rid of all their traces, they used Fixed Immortal Travel and returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 They were in a safe environment now, the first thing they did was to split the loot.


 “This journey into Starry Sky grotto-heaven was terrifying but harmless, we made a huge profit. I am regretting it slightly now, if I knew this, I would not have agreed to the forty percent and sixty percent split.” Hei Lou Lan sighed as she took the loot out of her immortal aperture.


 “Why are there so many desolate beast corpses? This boar looks like an ancient desolate beast. Eh, there is a lion here, it is not dead yet.” At once, Little Hu Immortal’s attention was attracted to the desolate beasts on the ground.


 Blazing divine stallion, flying bear, star demon bat, chestnut yak... a total of seven desolate beast corpses and a yellow jade lion which was barely on the verge of death.


 Other than these, there was the astral wind flying heavenly boar, the corpse of an ancient desolate beast. There were also several hundred kilograms of diamond soil dug out from the diamond bear’s cave. Finally, there were around ten mysterious trees.


 These trees were part of a forest, when they had first entered Starry Sky grotto-heaven, they trapped Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan. The two could not tell the origin of these trees and decided to take a few into her immortal aperture.


 Afterwards, a star desolate hound charged over and interrupted their collection process.


 The corpse of a desolate beast was worth approximately forty immortal essence stones. Ancient desolate beast corpses were much more expensive, they were ten times the price of desolate beasts corpses, that was four hundred immortal essence stones!


 Looking at this, it seemed that the price of an ancient desolate beast was unreasonably high.


 But the truth was, ancient desolate beasts were hard to kill, not only was their battle strength equivalent to rank seven Gu Immortals, their bodies were covered in dao marks, mortal killer moves were ineffective on them. Even immortal killer moves were not very effective.


 Ordinary immortal killer moves used rank six Immortal Gu as the core, when dealing with ancient desolate beasts, it was like using a dagger to stab an elephant. Although it had effect, the injuries had to be accumulated over a long period of time.


 Only immortal killer moves formed with rank seven Immortal Gu were an effective method to forcefully deal with ancient desolate beasts.


 Therefore, when immortal killer moves were involved, immortal essence would be expended. The cost of killing an ancient desolate beast would be much higher as a result. One often needed to expend several hundred green grape immortal essence beads or tens of red date immortal essence beads.


 As a result, the profit that they gained was usually only about a hundred immortal essence stones.


 Although the profit of killing ancient desolate beasts was still much higher in terms of efficiency, two factors needed to be considered. First, there was great risk in fighting with ancient desolate beasts. Second, not any Gu Immortal could deal with ancient desolate beasts. Ordinary rank six Gu Immortals would choose to retreat or run away when faced with an ancient desolate beast.


 Only rank seven Gu Immortals like Shi Lei, an expert even among rank seven Gu Immortals, had the confidence to kill ancient desolate beasts.


 “Seven desolate beast corpses are worth around two hundred and eighty immortal essence stones. The nearly dead yellow jade lion, for now we can count that as around eighty immortal essence stones. The corpse of the astral wind flying heavenly boar is four hundred immortal essence stones. Hundreds of kilograms of diamond soil is around thirty immortal essence stones. These mysterious trees are of an unknown origin, we will exclude them for now. All in all, the profit is seven hundred and ninety immortal essence stones.”


 Hei Lou Lan calculated, the result made her a little tongue tied.


 Almost eight hundred immortal essence stones!


 Undoubtedly, this was a huge fortune!!


 Hei Lou Lan’s breathing became faster.


 Ever since she became an immortal, she had been calculating her immortal essence stone expenditure piece by piece. Right now, there were almost eight hundred immortal essence stones right in front of her!


 Fang Yuan was in better shape than Hei Lou Lan, using the unlimited inspiration of wisdom Gu, he made many transactions with Lang Ya land spirit and had tens of immortal essence stones on him as liquid currency.


 But even so, with eight hundred immortal essence stones in front of him, Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 Even in his previous life, he had no such experience. In the five hundred years of his previous life, the highest amount of immortal essence stones he had on hand at a point in time was merely sixty or so.


 According to the four-to-six ratio, Fang Yuan could get four hundred and seventy-four immortal essence stones.


 “This huge profit was because we looted all of this without any battle, thus we expended no immortal essence. We merely picked them up for free.” Fang Yuan calmed his mind and said.


 “Hehe, that barbarian monkey is probably fuming now. Will he attack Hu Immortal blessed land?” Hei Lou Lan asked with a bit of worry, after all, this was a huge sum.


 “No.” Fang Yuan shook his head.” To us, this is a huge sum, but for a rank seven Gu Immortal like Shi Lei, he has at least several thousand immortal essence stones in his possession!”


 Normally speaking, rank six Gu Immortals could have several hundred immortal essence stones on them, while ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals would have thousands.


 Strength and wealth were in a reasonable ratio.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were newly advanced Gu Immortals, they had just stepped into the world of Gu Immortals, they were working with a whole new identity, starting from scratch, thus they were extremely poor.


 As for Fang Yuan lacking money in his previous life, one reason was because blood path was not good for the development of assets, it excelled in fighting. Secondly, because of the five regions chaotic war, there were many fights and he had high expenditure during that period.


 Fang Yuan continued to analyze: “Furthermore, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects are righteous sects, and even compared to super forces in the other regions, they have a long history. These great sects have to abide by order and stability, they care about their face and reputation. Shi Lei will definitely want revenge on us, but he would not do it forcefully. He will use righteous methods to suppress us, after all, we are now a part of Immortal Crane Sect.”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, she agreed with Fang Yuan’s perspective, she showed some pity on her face: “It is unfortunate that we did not obtain that walking meat tree. It is an ancient desolate plant, a thing of legend, it can be sold for a higher price than the astral wind flying heavenly boar.”


 Fang Yuan said: “I do not believe so, at that time, compared to the walking meat tree, Star Form blessed land was much more important.”


 “How will we split Star Form blessed land?” Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan, her expression turning serious. In front of a huge profit, she was not going to give up on it easily.


 These desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses were easy to split because their price could be evaluated. But Star Form blessed land could not be easily assessed, immortal essence stones could not express the true value of a blessed land.


 A blessed land was like a gold mine, it could produce resources endlessly. After swallowing it, it could even improve a Gu Immortal’s cultivation. It could be said that one’s blessed land or grotto-heaven was the Gu Immortal’s greatest achievement in their cultivation journey.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, before saying: “Star Form blessed land is not easy to split, how about this, we will compete for it fairly. Whoever fulfils the land spirit’s condition first will obtain Star Form blessed land. The other party has to accept the result without any compensation. Star Form blessed land is the result of our hard work, only the two of us can compete in this contest, we cannot interfere with each other maliciously. Other than us, even if it was Fairy Li Shan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng who want to fight for Star Form blessed land, we will work together and stop them. What do you think?”


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze flickered as she nodded: “That will be the best!”



***
Chapter 730 - Giving You Qingpu Tea


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Bai Qing blessed land.


 Bright sunlight shined down on this small world.


 The mountain stream flowed slowly, the tall ancient trees spread out their huge green leaves. Sunlight penetrated between the holes amongst the leaves, because of the breeze, beams of light would sway gently when shining down on the ground.


 Feng Jin Huang was reclining on the grassy ground, her back against a tall tree. Feeling the wind, she breathed in deeply, the clear air was mixed in with the fragrance of the grass.


 The book of > was exquisite and beautiful, in the hands of Feng Jin Huang, she had already flipped it to the last few pages.


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes were clear as water, she stared at a page of the book without blinking.


 Although she had heard about the story of Ren Zu since her youth, due to her mystical experience in the dream realm, when she read > again with deeper insight, Feng Jin Huang felt many new emotions emerging in her.


 At the end of >, it said — Ren Zu’s ten children died one after another, even Ren Zu himself was going to die of old age, he was at the end of his life. Before dying, Ren Zu retrieved the corpses of his ten children, and sacrificed himself, sending them all into derivation Gu’s stomach, eaten by it.


 Large amounts of dream realms also followed the smell of the delicious food, going into derivation Gu’s mouth along with them.


 Derivation Gu’s stomach was burst open, as countless light of life shone on the lands, creating the first batch of mortals.


 “Because the dream realm was involved in the derivation, the first batch of mortals would experience dreams when they slept at night. Humans often sink deep into dreams, like Northern Dark Ice Soul, and are unable to free themselves from it.” Feng Jin Huang thought as she stretched out her hand, closing the > book as she stood up.


 “Mother, send me back to the building. I am tired.” She said softly.


 “Okay.” At the next moment, Feng Jin Huang heard Fairy Bai Qing’s gentle voice echoing near her.


 Feng Jin Huang vanished on the spot, she reappeared in her own room inside the small building.


 In the room, Fairy Bai Qing was already waiting.


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes shone with joy: “Oh, mother, why are you free today, don’t you need to blend in the earth qi?”


 When a Gu Master reaches rank six and becomes a Gu Immortal, their aperture would take in the three qi of heaven, earth, and human, elevating it into an immortal aperture, forming a small world.


 Gu Immortals manage their immortal apertures and increase their cultivation level. But the more objects that enter the immortal aperture, gradually, the heaven and earth qi inside the immortal aperture would become insufficient.


 Like a carefully nurtured bonsai, as the tree inside grows larger, the pot becomes too small, and the soil will seem very shallow.


 At this time, Gu Immortals will place their blessed lands on the ground, taking in earth qi, or place their grotto-heavens in the sky, taking in heaven qi.


 After taking in heaven and earth qi, they would stabilize their blessed land or grotto-heaven, increasing the foundation of the immortal aperture. After their cultivation level stabilizes, they would be able to continue cultivating with a more stable foundation.


 Fairy Bai Qing’s current condition was that she had managed the blessed land for quite some time, it was becoming unstable. She placed the blessed land on the ground, and she herself was inside, taking in the earth qi of the large region, Central Continent, and assimilating it into her blessed land.


 Fairy Bai Qing looked at her cute daughter with a doting gaze, praising: “Huang Er, it seems that after this dream realm encounter, your mental state had been greatly trained. In the past, you would have complained to me and would request for me to accompany you. But this time, I blended in the earth qi for three days and three nights without spending any time with you, yet you actually read books and refined Gu quietly, your mental state is much more mature than before, mother is very happy.”


 “Of course!” Feng Jin Huang smiled happily, showing her white teeth, she raised her head as the bells rang on her phoenix coronet, she said proudly: “Who am I? I am father and mother’s flesh and blood, how can I ruin both of your reputations!”


 Her smile infected Fairy Bai Qing as she smiled as well: “Ever since the first batch of mortals were born, they could dream. Almost nobody can avoid dreaming, after all these years, countless geniuses and talented individuals, even Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables, they have their own dream realms. These dream realms gather together, forming a huge hidden realm of an unprecedented size. Huang Er, your dream wings Immortal Gu can allow you to enter dream realms at will, it is a movement Immortal Gu that prevents you from being influenced by dream realms! This is a huge opportunity for you, you need to make good use of it.”


 “I understand, mother. These recent days, I have been trying to refine Gu, I found out that my refinement path realm had reached quasi-master level. The advantages of the dream realm are simply too much, I had always lacked interest in refinement path, I had never practiced it normally. But after this dream realm journey, my attainment rose so sharply, I have exceeded many people in the sect.” Feng Jin Huang sighed and said.


 “You moved about in Old Immortal Kong Jue’s dream, you unknowingly obtained some of his refinement path true meaning. But that was because Old Immortal Kong Jue himself was a refinement path supreme grandmaster, thus you had much to gain. Dream realms are extremely complex, you might not be so lucky next time, to encounter the dream of someone as qualified as Old Immortal Kong Jue.” Fairy Bai Qing analyzed.


 Feng Jin Huang was nonchalant, she laughed: “If I can’t encounter it, then so be it. I do not have interest in refinement path anyway, next time, all I need to do is enter the dream of an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable. Sigh, it is a pity, I walk on the metal path, yet none of the ten venerables cultivate this path.”


 Fairy Bai Qing heart jumped when she heard this, she became serious: “Huang Er, do not let your guard down. You were safe and sound this time because you were lucky, the dream realm you were in was not dangerous or harmful. If you really enter the dream of a venerable, you have to retreat immediately, the power of a venerable is not something you can imagine.”


 Feng Jin Huang’s first stuck out her tongue, before she replied obediently: “Yes mother, I understand.”


 Fairy Bai Qing’s expression became more gentle, she took out a letter Gu: “This is a letter from your father, he has already broken through the regional wall, and has found a place to rest after entering Northern Plains. He has not learned of your awakening yet, but since he has already sent us a letter, we can use this letter Gu to reply to him, say a few words to him and relieve his worry, so that he can deal with the missions in this Northern Plains journey.”


 “Father’s letter?” Feng Jin Huang’s eyes shined, she jumped over and took the letter Gu from Fairy Bai Qing, her consciousness entering it.


 But in the end, she could not read it.


 Feng Jin Huang pouted: “Oh, it is that information path Immortal Gu, Letter Sending Green Bird, I am still a mortal, I cannot read it.”


 Fairy Bai Qing patted her head: “Your father is currently in Northern Plains, how can he cross the regional wall without using an information path Immortal Gu? What are you anxious for, I had just praised you for becoming more mature.”


 Saying this, Fairy Bai Qing injected a will into Feng Jin Huang’s mind.


 Feng Jin Huang was familiar with this, countless thoughts generated in her mind as she conversed with the will, instantly, she could ‘see’ the information in Feng Jiu Ge’s letter.


 “Father...” Feng Jin Huang read Feng Jiu Ge’s letter, and saw the concern and worry he had towards her, she was so moved her eyes turned red.


 “I want to see father immediately and show him my current refinement path attainment. He had always been worrying about my refinement path realm.” Feng Jin Huang muttered.


 “Don’t worry, I will tell your father in the letter.”


 “Don’t, don’t tell him, I want to give father a surprise.”


 “Alright.” Fairy Bai Qing took out a letter Gu next, it was also a letter sending green bird Gu, but this was a rank five mortal Gu.


 “This is another letter for you, it is from Fang Yuan. He had sent it long ago, take a look at it.” Fairy Bai Qing said.


 “Fang Yuan!” Feng Jin Huang heard this name and gritted her teeth, her brows were sharp like swords, and her beautiful face turned red from embarrassment.


 She snatched the letter Gu and checked it.


 Fang Yuan had put in a lot of information in the letter, he first praised Spirit Affinity House extensively, his tone was like he wanted to join them, and he afterwards agreed with Feng Jin Huang’s challenge, and he even apologized for replying so late.


 At the end of the letter, there was a line — I am currently in Hu Immortal blessed land, my doors are open to await for Fairy Feng Jin Huang’s visit. I have heard that Spirit Affinity House’s qingpu tea is extremely famous. If you intend to spar with me, I would get to experience the taste of this famous tea, that would be extremely enjoyable.


 “Hmph! He truly has the leisure time and mood, he wants to drink qingpu tea? He wants to enjoy the taste of tea? Evil thief! Lecherous thief! I want to tear you into pieces and break up your bones to feed dogs!” Feng Jin Huang’s eyes were burning with fire, she exerted some strength unknowingly, and the letter sending green bird Gu was chirping in response.


 Fairy Bai Qing quickly saved this letter Gu: “Huang Er, this is something mother wants to talk to you about. Undoubtedly, Fang Yuan has exceeded our expectations once again, he is no longer like before. If you spar with him now you will only lose, there is no way to win.”


 “What?” Feng Jin Huang stared with her eyes wide open, looking at Fairy Bai Qing in shock.


 Fairy Bai Qing told her about the details of Fang Yuan becoming an immortal zombie, and that he had a mysterious force behind him that managed to force Immortal Crane Sect to retreat after attacking Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Immortal zombie? He actually became an immortal zombie?” Feng Jin Huang muttered to herself, if it was not her mother saying this, she would not believe it herself.


 “How long has it been, he actually became an immortal already? We are about the same age, how can he have such firm foundations to charge towards Gu Immortal realm?” Feng Jin Huang was very perplexed.


 Fairy Bai Qing replied her: “Regarding his suddenly transformation into an immortal zombie, our ten great ancient sects have some guesses. Although raising one’s foundation is hard, it is not impossible. There is an example right in front of us, that is dream realms. Other than that, we have guessed that the mysterious force behind him might have some sort of special immortal ascension method, to allow a Gu Master to become an immortal zombie.”


 “But becoming an immortal zombie means your cultivation level will stagnate, it can no longer progress.” Feng Jin Huang frowned.


 “That is the cast. But think about it, a rank five mortal Gu Master compared to a rank six immortal zombie, the latter is obviously much stronger.” Fairy Bai Qing said.


 Feng Jin Huang showed some disdain on her face: “I don’t care if he was greedy towards short term profits, or that he was forced to do so, he will definitely not be my match in the future. He is rushing to challenge me now, it is obvious that he knows he can only continue to bully me during this period of time, in the future, it will be my turn. This coward is timid like a rat, he is a shameless and unscrupulous person!”


 “Huang Er, do not be blinded by your own hatred and anger.” Fairy Bai Qing’s expression was very solemn: “This Fang Yuan is not simple, this letter that he sent was right before Immortal Crane Sect attacked, his real intention was to build a relationship with us, Spirit Affinity House, it was a tactic to bring in a third party. He has Dang Hun mountain right now, and is making transactions with our ten great ancient sects. His name has spread far and wide in Central Continent, almost every Gu Immortal knows of his existence now.”


 “Mother, I was wrong, I was too agitated.” Feng Jin Huang gritted her teeth, trying to regain her calm.


 “How will you respond to this letter? Ignore it, or reply to it, I will let you decide.” Fairy Bai Qing purposely tested her.


 Feng Jin Huang said immediately: “Of course we will reply! Since this challenge was set by me, and he has already responded. If I avoid battle because he is an immortal zombie, then I would be showing weakness.”


 “But...” Her eyes turned as she said: “The enemy is strong while I am weak, only a fool will go head to head with him. Hmph, soon, the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention is going to begin. I will use refinement path and defeat him in public! This will soothe some of my anger. Mother, what do you think of this?”


 Fairy Bai Qing nodded in satisfaction: “This is a good idea.”


 Feng Jin Huang gritted her teeth, her eyes shined with bright light: “In the following days, I am going to find refinement path Gu Master dreams, and rapidly build up my foundation in refinement path. Using him as an opponent, it will urge me and promote the growth of my cultivation level.”


 Fairy Bai Qing laughed, patting Feng Jin Huang’s head: “This is my good daughter.”


 Feng Jin Huang squinted, as she replied, she chuckled coldly: “You want to pretend to be cultured and drink qingpu tea, sure, I will give you fifty or sixty jars of it! But if you want to compete, we cannot do so without a bet. I will make you lose in both reputation as well as substance!”



***
Chapter 731 - Four to You, Six to Me


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Land spirit, I brought you a live desolate beast, come and check it out.” Fang Yuan said as he opened his immortal aperture, activating a dozen Gu worms as he took out a lion and placed it on the ground.


 This lion was large like a giant elephant. It was brown-yellow in color, and thick fur covered more than half of its body.


 It was sleeping now, making a snoring sound. It was the yellow jade lion.


 It was originally injured heavily, on the brink of death. But as long as it was still alive, with Fang Yuan’s current abilities and assets, he could heal it back to full health.


 Lang Ya land spirit stroked his beard, walking around the yellow jade lion as he observed.


 He could move freely now, the qi path seals on his body were all released.


 “Good lion, good lion, even if you are sleeping, you look so fierce. Not bad.” Saying so, Lang Ya land spirit stretched out his arm and opened the yellow jade lion’s mouth, seeing the tightly clenched teeth.


 “Good teeth.” Lang Ya land spirit praised. He continued to touch the lion along its body, until he reached the area between its hind legs.


 Throughout the process, Lang Ya land spirit had been activating Gu worms silently, after inspecting it, he was pleased: “Not bad, it has vigor and vitality, it can reproduce as well. It is a pity that my blessed land is a refinement path blessed land, it is not great for raising these fierce beasts.”


 Lang Ya land spirit had twelve desolate beasts, he was very experienced with them and had become quite an expert, he was not unfamiliar with desolate beasts at all.


 But Lang Ya blessed land was a refinement path blessed land, refining Gu here would have higher chances of succeeding. But there was no assistance or help for raising beasts.


 Meanwhile, Hu Immortal blessed land was an enslavement path blessed land, it was good for raising fox groups. The fox groups inside Hu Immortal blessed land would have greater chances of producing a desolate fox.


 Blessed lands and grotto-heavens were all very different, each of them had their own specialties.


 This was because blessed lands and grotto-heavens were the immortal apertures of Gu Immortals. When Gu Immortals undergo immortal ascension, they would take in heaven and earth qi, and according to their understanding towards heaven and earth, their immortal aperture world would be created relating to the path of the Gu worm that they toss into it.


 Lang Ya land spirit was very pleased with this yellow jade lion, he quickly gave Fang Yuan eighty-eight immortal essence stones, at the same time, he gave the details of the killer move unfamiliar face.


 Fang Yuan looked through the details of it in front of Lang Ya land spirit.


 This killer move had an extraordinary origin, it came from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 “As expected of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, he had an innovative idea and went on a creative path.” Fang Yuan praised: “There are only three hundred Gu worms used here, but they involve transformation path, strength path, wisdom path, and others, for a total of six paths. Hmm... some of the Gu worms are rare, it seems that it will take a while to recreate this killer move, after I collect all of these Gu worms. Lang Ya, do you have these Gu worms?”


 Lang Ya land spirit shook his head, chuckling: “What would I keep these Gu for? I cannot use this killer move. Unfamiliar face, vaguely familiar face, and familiar face, these three killer moves are a series. What you obtained is merely the mortal killer move, able to transform into someone people do not know. If they know the person, you will be exposed. The latter two are immortal killer moves, even if you transform into a familiar person, you would not be exposed. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable seemed to have left behind an inheritance of this, if you have the opportunity, you might obtain the other two killer moves in your lifetime, who knows.”


 Fang Yuan laughed bitterly: “How could I have such luck, to coincidentally find the other two immortal killer moves? The inheritances of these two might have been taken by others already.”


 Although he said that, he was moved in his heart.


 He thought about the time in Northern Plains, when he obtained the inheritance that involved Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s Luo Po valley inheritance.


 He had already refined the key to enter the inheritance — open door Gu and close door Gu.


 But he had not acted yet.


 Gu Master inheritances were not easy to obtain. Especially demonic path inheritances, they were usually much harder than righteous path inheritances, and much more dangerous. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance was definitely an extremely dangerous place. With the situation being unclear, and myriad self being unusable, Fang Yuan would rather wait a while longer than take the risk unnecessarily.


 Fang Yuan did not place much expectation on this, because he had guessed long ago — “The inheritance clue that I obtained was obviously not the only one out there. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not want his inheritance to remain undiscovered, thus he spread the clues far and wide to increase the chances. This inheritance had been created such a long time ago, someone might have gone there already. Not speaking of anyone else, just look at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he seemed to have used Dang Hun mountain and Luo Po valley to cultivate soul path. Since Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance involves Luo Po valley, I’m afraid Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has already been involved in it. In fact, he might have taken Luo Po valley away already.”


 Clearing up his mind, Fang Yuan took out three completed Immortal Gu recipes and handed them to Lang Ya land spirit: “This is the current transaction.”


 Lang Ya land spirit received the Immortal Gu recipes and checked them, seeing that there were no problems, he praised Fang Yuan’s talent again: “Rascal, I rarely admire people, but your talent in deducing Immortal Gu recipes has truly made me look at you in a different light.”


 “Land spirit, I was about to talk to you about this.” Fang Yuan said: “Regarding the transaction of the Immortal Gu recipes, I would like to change the details of our transactions.”


 “Oh?”


 “All of your Immortal Gu recipes that have a high completion rate have been deduced by me already. The remaining ones have sixty to seventy percent completion rate, or even under fifty percent. I want to deduce these Immortal Gu recipes, but it would take a long time if I want to complete them. If I have to spend a month or two on them, I would not be able to do anything else. I suggest that we change the details of our transaction...”


 Before Fang Yuan finished, Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “Not changing, not changing, why must we change? I’ve spent so many immortal essence stones, wasn’t it because you could deduce Immortal Gu recipes? You are a wisdom path Gu Immortal, and you are so skilled at deducing Immortal Gu recipes, why do you not want to continue? At most, I can increase the price and pay you a bit more compensation.”


 “Lang Ya land spirit, don’t reject me yet, listen to me, I know you will be interested.” Fang Yuan laughed confidently: “My suggestion is this, from now on, you will take charge of deducing the Immortal Gu recipes, whenever you encounter a problem and cannot continue, I will help you deduce the next step and get over that hurdle, each time, I will only charge two immortal essence stones.”


 “What? So it is such a deal...” Lang Ya land spirit fell into deep thought.


 Fang Yuan’s suggestion had indeed moved him.


 After all, he was Long Hair Ancestor’s land spirit, his refinement path attainment was quasi-great grandmaster, he had skills in deducing Immortal Gu recipes.


 The reason he did not finish deducing these Immortal Gu remnant recipes was because he had met with a tough problem in each of them and could not continue until he resolved it.


 If he passed this obstacle, he might be able to advance through the Immortal Gu recipe easily, and successfully complete it. Thus, Lang Ya land spirit would only need to pay Fang Yuan two immortal essence stones, it would be much cheaper than their former price.


 Of course, if the Immortal Gu remnant recipe was very difficult, Fang Yuan might earn even more immortal essence stones than before.


 But Lang Ya land spirit was confident, with his refinement path attainment, the first situation would be more likely.


 “This way, Fang Yuan, your income will be much lower. Ah, I almost forgot, you are selling guts Gu now, your business is booming, is that why you do not want this work anymore?” Lang Ya land spirit jumped to realization.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Land spirit, this transaction benefits you too. After getting so many Immortal Gu recipes, and having regained your freedom, you can refine Immortal Gu again. When refining Immortal Gu, the vast majority of attempts fails, the success rate is simply too low, and you would expend an incredible amount of resources. I am helping you to save immortal essence stones, shouldn’t you be thanking me?”


 “Hmph, I knew you would say that.” Lang Ya land spirit rolled his eyes, saying: “I can agree with this, but I have a condition.”


 “What condition?”


 “It is a long story, do you know about Qin Bai Sheng’s auction?” Lang Ya land spirit could not leave the blessed land, but he knew clearly about the things happening in Northern Plains.


 “Of course I know.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Lang Ya land spirit continued: “You are aware that some time ago, a mysterious force attacked my Lang Ya blessed land. They all failed, and during this process I captured some Gu Immortals. I intend to sell them all, or rather, I want to sell their blessed lands.”


 “Selling blessed lands?” Fang Yuan looked at Lang Ya land spirit with some shock, this was a very big move.


 “Is this business practical?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn: “It would be a thousand times more popular than my guts Gu business! After Gu Immortals buy these blessed lands, they can swallow them and raise their cultivation level, they can also skip heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, why did you not keep them for yourselves?”


 Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “To swallow a rank six blessed land, one needs master level attainment in that realm. To swallow a rank seven blessed land, one needs grandmaster level. To swallow a rank eight grotto-heaven, one will need great grandmaster attainment. Although my refinement path attainment is high, I am not involved in many other paths. And the most important reason is, I do not want to devour them. My Lang Ya blessed land has already reached the limits of a blessed land, any progress would elevate it to a grotto-heaven. A grotto-heaven’s tribulations are far more dangerous. Back then, I purposely weakened Lang Ya grotto-heaven until it became a blessed land, why would I raise it up again?”


 Fang Yuan understood: “That is true. Wait, your condition is to ask me to sell these blessed lands at the auction in your place?”


 Lang Ya land spirit raised his thumb, saying with a tone of flattery: “You are a smart lad!”


 Fang Yuan stared with wide opened eyes: “Do you want to kill me? No, this is definitely impossible! Once I sell these blessed lands, I will become the biggest target of everyone! It earns too much attention, how could have the ability to capture all these Gu Immortals? If I appear like this, that mysterious force would know and associate me with Lang Ya blessed land. Next time when they attack you, they might even attack my blessed land! Isn’t the Inkman King Mo Tan Sang your good friend, ask him to go.”


 “Sigh, he is an inkman immortal, his origin is not good and has always been ostracized by humans. Furthermore, he has his family and inkman city to take care of. He is not appropriate.” Lang Ya land spirit shook his head.


 “Oh! You do not want him to go die, so you want to send me to die?!”


 “Don’t make it sound so terrible, don’t you have the killer move unfamiliar face? With this killer move, other Gu Immortals cannot identify your true form.” Lang Ya land spirit said in a low tone.


 Fang Yuan gave an assessing look at the land spirit: “I was wondering why you were so generous, giving this precious killer move to me, so you had a plan from the start.”


 Lang Ya land spirit could not take it anymore, he stared with furious eyes as he shouted: “Rascal, do you think I’m unfamiliar with you?! You have ridiculous guts, since when have you been scared? You even destroyed Imperial Court blessed land and toppled Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, as long as the benefits are high enough, you are a desperado! Afraid of this matter? Just tell me, how much do you want?”


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly: “We will split the profits from selling the blessed lands, at the least, it has to be a four to six ratio.”


 “Four to six ratio? You are too greedy, you are asking for forty percent?!” Lang Ya land spirit screamed.


 A cold light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, his face was grim: “You are wrong, land spirit, my intention is, I will take sixty percent, you will take forty!”


 Lang Ya land spirit was stunned, even though he had lived for so long, he was shocked by Fang Yuan’s shamelessness and greed.


 He breathed in deeply, staring at Fang Yuan’s face: “Such words, you have the face to say it?”


 “Why wouldn’t I?” Fang Yuan’s face was thick as a city wall: “I am going to take a huge risk involving my life, without enough profits to motivate me, I will not do it. This price is already the lowest, I am considering this based on the fact that we are old friends, this is a friendly price.”


 “Friendly price, I think you are trying to con a friend?”


 “So no deal? Consider it more, this is the price I want, there is still some time until the auction, I am leaving first.” Fang Yuan opened a stargate.


 “Get lost!”



***
Chapter 732 - Top Tier Mortal Killer Move


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun palace.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on a cushion, looking at a pair of bat wings in front of him with full concentration.


 A pair of large bat wings was hovering in front of him, thin and small scales of an eerie blue color with each having the size of a pinkie finger grew on the wings. As light refracted from the scales, it seemed to be giving off starlight.


 After Fang Yuan returned from Lang Ya blessed land, he started repairing the star demon bat’s wings. After nine days and nine nights of effort, it had reached the current crucial moment.


 “Whether I can fix these bat wings or not depends on this.” Fang Yuan willed and summoned a mortal Gu from his aperture.


 He flicked his finger and threw this crucial mortal Gu in.


 The mortal Gu turned into a drop of jade green liquid which created a layer of green light when it shot into the bat wings.


 The radiance flowed like water, the green light spread and soon covered the entire pair of bat wings.


 In the blink of an eye, the green light dispersed and was replaced by fine hair that covered the whole of the star demon bat wings.


 Fang Yuan meticulously observed and probed with his ten fingers in turn, following his movement, the green haired bat wings also made constant turns in the air, letting Fang Yuan observe it from all angles.


 Fang Yuan spread open his fingers, the shrunken star demon bat wings also unfolded. When he saw fine hair growing inside the bat wings, he nodded in satisfaction.


 “When Shi Lei attacked and killed this star demon bat, he attacked with no restraint, causing the wings to be greatly damaged when I obtained it. Now I have invested my full effort into restoring it, but whether I can restore it or not, even I don’t have much confidence.”


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh and stood up.


 He casually waved his hand, hundreds of Gu worms flew and circled around the green haired bat wings, tightly securing it inside.


 Fang Yuan then passed by the bat wings and walked out of this secret room.


 He closed the door of the secret room, darkness enshrouded the green haired bat wings inside the secret room.


 Fang Yuan stood outside the door and lightly stamped his foot, calling: “Land spirit.”


 “Master, master, you called for me!” Little Hu Immortal immediately appeared beside Fang Yuan, her eyes shining and her face carrying a joyful expression of being able to see her master.


 “I asked you to pay attention to the business in treasure yellow heaven, how is it going?” Fang Yuan walked as he asked.


 Little Hu Immortal closely followed behind, replying: “Master had put the desolate beast corpses in treasure yellow heaven for sale, but only one desolate beast corpse was sold over these days.”


 Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei had already discovered Fang Yuan, thus, Fang Yuan might as well put these desolate beast corpses up for sale openly in treasure yellow heaven.


 He had discussed matters with Hei Lou Lan, the two took what they needed first; Fang Yuan took the yellow jade lion and star demon bat wings while Hei Lou Lan took the flying bear corpse. Fang Yuan was put in charge of selling these beast corpses, no matter what the result was, he would have to give forty percent of the earnings to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was also not afraid he would renege on his words, after all there was the Snowy Mountain Alliance.


 Under normal circumstances, these desolate beast corpses would be popular goods that were quite rare, when they were put in treasure yellow heaven, they would be sold within four to six hours and it was very easy to earn immortal essence stones.


 However, Fang Yuan did not want immortal essence stones this time.


 He arranged a will to express to other Gu Immortals: to buy these beast corpses, they would have to exchange with specific goods.


 First of all was a method for immortal zombies to turn back to human, or any information and clues.


 Second was the Gu recipe for white lotus giant silkworm Gu, the Gu worm itself, or corresponding information and clues.


 Third was the wings of bat desolate beasts.


 Fourth was top tier mortal killer moves, the more outstanding they were, the better.


 Fifth was bone path Gu worms like Battle Bone Wheel that could be arranged to form the killer move, White Bone Chariot.


 Last was wisdom path inheritances or information and clues about them.


 These six conditions were arranged in descending order according to Fang Yuan’s needs, the ones listed first would be cheaper for the buyers when they purchase the beast corpses.


 Fang Yuan’s guts Gu business was extremely thriving right now, he did not lack immortal essence stones for the moment, thus he wanted to exchange them with goods.


 Because of this, the desolate beast corpses which were popular goods and easy to sell had become this hard to sell. Twelve days had already passed in Hu Immortal blessed land, but they only managed to sell one desolate beast corpse.


 “Oh? What did that beast corpse exchange for?” Fang Yuan asked excitedly.


 “One whole chestnut yak was exchanged for a pair of bat desolate beast wings and an investigative killer move called hundred li eye.” Little Hu Immortal replied.


 Mortal killer moves normally would not exceed six immortal essence stones in treasure yellow heaven.


 There were also detailed classifications between them.


 Mortal killer moves that sold for half an immortal essence stone were classified as bottom tier goods, but they were better than nothing.


 Mortal killer moves that were worth one to two immortal essence stones were mediocre, they could provide some help to Gu Immortals if used properly.


 For instance, the killer move Fang Yuan looked at before but did not buy, spiral drill star spear, was valued at one immortal essence stone. Star Lord Wan Xiang’s spring star rain was sold at one and a half immortal essence stone. The poison breath killer move which Fairy Li Shan gave Fang Yuan could be sold for two immortal essence stones.


 Fang Yuan’s previous defensive killer move hair armor was worth two immortal essence stones and was at the peak level of common mortal killer moves. Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s defensive killer move nine cloud ring could absorb enemy’s attacks to a certain degree before counterattacking, it was valued at two and a half immortal essence stones.


 Mortal killer moves worth three immortal essence stones were middle tier, they were reliable methods.


 For instance, Western Desert Gu Immortal Plump Lady’s killer move, burial dragon sand coffin, was valued at three immortal essence stones.


 Mortal killer moves worth four to five immortal essence stones had outstanding might and could not be looked down upon. They were considered as powerful methods that could often change the situation to a certain extent when they were used.


 Fang Yuan’s icy drill stardust had mixed in Dou Min Jun’s inheritance which raised its value to four immortal essence stones. The lion fur armor which was an improved form of hair armor was valued at four and a half immortal essence stones.


 And mortal killer moves that were worth six immortal essence stones were classified as top tier, few could be bought in the market. Fang Yuan’s reinvented movement killer move, true solid bat wings, would have the effect of this tier if three pairs of bat wings were used.


 Killer moves were one of the four main factors that influenced a Gu Immortal’s battle strength.


 When Fang Yuan possessed icy drill stardust, hair armor and light illusion bat wings, his battle strength had already reached the upper tier of rank six Gu Immortals. In his previous life, before Fang Yuan self-detonated, he possessed more than a dozen mortal killer moves, most of them were top tier level killer moves worth six immortal essence stones. His battle strength had been at the peak of rank six.


 However, when one reached rank seven, it was a different scene. The immortal killer moves that consumed green grape immortal essence became common methods. And those immortal killer moves that consumed red date immortal essence became uncommonly used, hidden trump cards.


 Most Gu Immortals did not have Immortal Gu, this was referring to rank six Gu Immortals. Gu Immortals that could cultivate to rank seven were even fewer in numbers, they were the elites of elites, experts among experts of rank six who would have experienced innumerable tribulations and calamities, had excellent aptitude, temperament and accumulation. There was no way to justify them not having Immortal Gu.


 With Immortal Gu, there would be immortal killer moves.


 Immortal killer moves were evolved from using mortal killer moves as a foundation. Like Hei Lou Lan who was trying to modify her strength path killer move to an immortal killer move.


 Often one Immortal Gu can form different immortal killer moves according to the differences in mortal Gu. Thus, many Gu Immortals would have offensive killer moves even if they did not have offensive Immortal Gu. For instance, Fang Yuan’s myriad self was an offensive killer move, but its core was cleanse soul Immortal Gu which was a support Immortal Gu that helped Gu Immortals in soul path cultivation.


 “Hundred li eye...” After hearing Little Hu Immortal’s reply, Fang Yuan nodded and commented, “This mortal killer move is valued at six immortal essence stones, it allows the Gu Immortal to observe the scenery within one hundred li as clearly as the lines on one’s palm. Good, I was lacking this kind of investigative killer move. But of course, the greatest satisfaction in this transaction is that I obtained another pair of desolate beast bat wings.”


 He then asked: “Did any important things happen in the blessed land these recent days?”


 Little Hu Immortal shook her head and reported that everything was normal.


 Such tranquil days were very rare to Fang Yuan after his rebirth.


 However, Fang Yuan did not dare to slack even a little. Ever since he saw the external manifestation of a dream realm in his trip to Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he felt a sense of urgency and could vaguely tell that the waves of the new era were coming.


 Over the next few days, Fang Yuan began to handle the newly obtained pair of bat wings.


 At the same time, he also arranged the old hairy men in the blessed land to refine Gu. The airsac Gu which could store guts Gu were naturally the main focus of the hairy men. Besides this, Fang Yuan divided the refinement procedures of group strength Gu and small family qi Gu, he then separately taught the old hairy men and let them go through similar practice.


 These two Gu recipes could not be compared to others, they were ancient Gu recipes, their materials were rare and not easy to find in the present age.


 Thus, Fang Yuan first used other similar materials and Gu worms to raise the hairy men’s proficiency. When their proficiency reached the level Fang Yuan was satisfied with, only then would he truly let them refine these two Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s doctrine was to not raise idlers. Since he had already purchased the hairy men, he would try to squeeze every last bit of their worth.


 After three days in Hu Immortal blessed land, there was still no activity in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan had taken care of a small part of the newly obtained bat wings. But the wings of the star demon bat was still being incubated.


 Fang Yuan opened the door of the secret room and entered, standing in front of the green haired bat wings.


 Right now, the green hair on the bat wings had already grown to be extremely thick and lush.


 “Success or failure shall be determined at this moment.” Fang Yuan used mortal Gu and with a snapping sound, a spark immediately was sent flying out.


 The spark flew to the green haired bat wings, a soft sound echoed, the spark set the green hair aflame, forming a green fire.


 The fire appeared quickly and disappeared just as quickly.


 In a blink of an eye, the green hair on the bat wings floating in the air was already burnt off, revealing a pair of black bat wings. There were no small blue scales on the bat wings, instead they were replaced by a layer of thick ash.


 Fang Yuan showed a trace of disappointment: “Failure.”


 He softly let out a breath of cloudy air, the weak breath touched the bat wings, this pair of bat wings fell down on the ground like charcoal and broke into pieces.


 The bat wings were filled with heavy injuries. Shi Lei had destroyed the star demon bat’s wings first to kill it. The wings had thus suffered serious damage, the star demon bat could no longer display its advantage in flying, and was finally killed by Shi Lei.


 “Fortunately, I have another pair of bat wings.” Fang Yuan quickly got over the disappointment, and soon he was busy in the refining process.



***
Chapter 733 - Recognizing ones own ordinariness


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 With the previous refinement experience, this second attempt was much easier for Fang Yuan when refining the desolate beast bat wings.


 After over half a month in Hu Immortal blessed land, he transplanted this pair of desolate beast bat wings onto his back. In accordance with his usual practice, Fang Yuan still chose to retain the sense of pain in the bat wings.


 On this day, Fang Yuan was testing his killer moves on the top of Dang Hun mountain.


 Hundred li eye.


 He activated the killer move; his bright red pupils suddenly enlarged. He could see the grassland or debris within a hundred li of his surroundings with extreme clarity, like they were in front of him. Outside of a hundred li, his sight became blurry but was still much clearer than seeing with the naked eye.


 After four hundred li, his line of sight reached the limit. it was all blurry and he could only distinguish some color and shadows.


 “Hundred li eye is the base for thousand li eye, the latter is an immortal killer move and requires corresponding Immortal Gu to be used.” Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction, this killer move was valued six immortal essence stones and it indeed had outstanding effect.


 It was just that the vision could not see through stealth or bypass obstacles, if any obstacles blocked the sight, the thing behind the obstacle could not be seen. This was the downside of hundred li eye.


 Fang Yuan remembered both the merits and demerits, as he lightly flapped the wings on his back and flew to the sky.


 He continued to maintain hundred li eye while flying, looking at the sky and ground with clear vision.


 Lion fur armor.


 He willed and activated the defensive killer move.


 Soon, his body was covered in a layer of bronze armor with a helmet resembling a lion’s head. Even his wings were covered with a layer of thick plate, greatly raising its defense.


 But the speed, however, became slower.


 “Lion fur armor and true solid bat wings cannot perfectly complement each other. Once I activate lion fur armor, true solid bat wings will have its speed reduced. If I don’t use it, my speed might be fast but my defense will be lacking.” Fang Yuan frowned.


 This problem surpassed the range of his capabilities.


 To create a movement killer move like lion fur armor, he had to balance the dao marks of three paths and it was the limit of his master attainment realm in transformation path.


 Adding true solid bat wings on top of that was too difficult for Fang Yuan.


 If he had grandmaster attainment in transformation path, there was a possibility. But reaching grandmaster realm required large amounts of time and accumulation. This time was not only tens of years but could be a hundred years or even several hundreds of years.


 Fang Yuan’s highest attainment realms currently were blood path and strength path.


 Blood path grandmaster realm was achieved by Fang Yuan in his previous life after two to three hundred years of deep accumulation, it could be seen how difficult it was to raise one’s realm and accumulate their foundation.


 His strength path attainment was also at grandmaster realm, and besides a small part of the accumulation being from his previous life, most was from obtaining Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true meaning infusion. Otherwise, he would have required two or three hundred years of accumulation to reach grandmaster realm.


 At the Gu Immortal level, one had the strength to search and obtain lifespan Gu or other methods to prolong lifespan. Ordinary mortals had lifespans of one hundred years. But as long as a Gu Immortal put some effort, they could live several hundreds of years or even a thousand years.


 The long lifespans and time involved made the significance of ‘accumulation’ even more heavy.


 Why were Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan not able to beat Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei?


 It was because after Shi Lei became a Gu Immortal, he relied on Combat Immortal Sect and had accumulated all sorts of experiences and insights for close to three hundred years! Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan had only recently advanced to Gu Immortal, how could they compare to Shi Lei’s three hundred years of accumulation?


 It was normal for them to not be able to defeat him!


 If so, why did Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan have battle strength at the upper tier of rank six Gu Immortals when they advanced only recently?


 Fang Yuan relied on the gains found in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, while Hei Lou Lan relied on her mother’s inheritance as well as the help of her aunt, Fairy Li Shan.


 In other words, they had borrowed help from the accumulation of their predecessors!


 “If I want my battle strength to improve drastically, just relying on myself to advance step by step would no doubt be a very long and inefficient process. In my previous life, when I walked on the blood path, I spent over two hundred years before I was able to comprehend a dozen or so mortal killer moves and create hundreds of new blood path Gu. I naturally need to learn from this lesson.”


 “In this world, heroes emerge in large numbers and geniuses are everywhere. Stars and peaks have been shining constantly in the long history of time. If someone wants to stick out and move forward bravely, they can only take advantage of their predecessors’ inheritances and accumulations, absorbing their essences. All rivers flow into the sea, by being able to gather the different specialties together, only then can one rise above the group and become a ruler of people, achieving supreme feats.”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered as he flew around, sighing deeply in his heart.


 People often believed they were extraordinary when they were young, feeling they were the main characters of the stage. After they undergo some experiences, they would then realize and accept: many other people had talent not inferior to themselves.


 The saying goes: No matter how excellent you are, there is always someone more excellent than you.


 A person’s lifespan was limited in the end, like a lone boat. Meanwhile, the mysteries and profound meanings of heaven and earth were equivalent to a vast, limitless body of water.


 Since ancient times, those who were in some sense able to reach the peak of heaven and earth numbered no more than ten. But even they could not reach the peak of all fields. Thus, even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had to request for the help of Long Hair Ancestor in the Gu refinement aspect.


 There was a record in > —


 Ren Zu started walking on the road of life, the surroundings were pure darkness and under his feet was dirty mud.


 Ren Zu asked self Gu: “Where is this?”


 Self Gu replied: “This is the ordinary marsh in the lowest level of ordinary abyss.”


 Ren Zu knew of ordinary abyss, his eldest son Verdant Great Sun had once been trapped inside.


 Ren Zu could not help but become excited: “Since this is the bottom of ordinary abyss, does that mean I have already left the door of life and death and returned to the living world? Does that mean I am now reborn?”


 “In a way, that is true.” Self Gu said.


 “But how is this possible? I have not passed Luo Po valley and have not charged through the reverse flow river.” Ren Zu said in an incredulous tone.


 Self Gu said: “Oh human, you should know that you are talking about the path fate Gu traveled. And this path you have walked on is a completely new path, a path created by you. Where this path goes is all decided by your own intentions. Like I said before, as long as you want to walk, there will be a road for you to step on.”


 Ren Zu suddenly came to a realization: “So it was like this.”


 He then felt doubtful: “Then how did I walk to this place?”


 Self Gu: “Humans are born ordinary. Although they are the spirit of all living beings, they do not have the claws of a tiger nor the ability to absorb nutrients from the earth like plants, and also cannot transform like clouds and rain. You came to the ordinary marsh, what’s strange about it? It is not only you, look at the mud under your feet carefully, you will see traces of many other footprints.”


 Ren Zu lowered his head close to the ground before he was able to see clearly; like self Gu said, ordinary marsh was filled with all kinds of marks. Claws prints of wild beasts, root imprints of vegetation, traces of water flowing and also traces of stones rolling past.


 “How can there be so many marks?” Ren Zu asked curiously.


 Self Gu replied: “This is ordinary abyss, all living beings will enter here due to various reasons. All living beings are ordinary. But the absolute majority of them will be trapped in ordinary abyss for all their lives. Only a small portion can leave ordinary abyss through their own efforts.”


 “I do not want to be trapped here for my entire life. There is nothing here, it is completely dark and the air stinks, I want to leave this place.” Ren Zu frowned.


 Self Gu laughed loudly: “If you think that being ordinary is an abyss, then it is an abyss. But if you think that being ordinary is heaven, then it shall be heaven. Since you do not want to stay here, then leave, use your two legs to walk out of the ordinary marsh step by step and become extraordinary.”


 Ren Zu took the first step.


 Suddenly, his body bent, his front leg was deeply embedded into the marsh.


 It was not easy to walk in the marsh, one step was deep, another was shallow. The path which looked almost uniform had some parts that were rather solid, while some were very loose.


 Ren Zu walked several steps when his eyes suddenly brightened as he thought of a trick.


 He purposely chose to walk on the spots which had the claw marks, since these spots could hold the marks, its soil texture was also much more solid.


 Thus, Ren Zu was able to walk very smoothly almost like he was running when compared to his previous speed.


 He said with a burst of emotion: “So it turns out that in ordinary marsh, walking in the footsteps of predecessors is much faster than finding the way on your own.”


 ...


 After testing true solid bat wings and lion fur armor, Fang Yuan descended onto a slope.


 Unfamiliar face.


 Fang Yuan activated this newly obtained mortal killer move.


 Almost all the Gu worms required for this killer move were essentially purchased from treasure yellow heaven by Hu Immortal land spirit, while the last remaining portions were refined by the hairy men.


 Under the effect of the killer move, Fang Yuan’s bat wings retracted, his eight rough and thick arms also changed to two. His sharp teeth were greatly shortened while his scarlet red eyes also turned lighter.


 Finally, Fang Yuan’s six meter tall body shrunk back to a normal person’s height with great changes to his appearance.


 It was only that his immortal zombie body was still an immortal zombie body, it could not be hidden.


 Despite this, Fang Yuan could not help but praise: “Wonderful! This is only a mortal killer move but it is able to change my immortal body to this extent. Indeed worthy of being an invention of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.”


 Fang Yuan could imagine that if he was still a mortal, he could completely transform to any appearance, even changing to a woman perfectly.


 He now had an immortal body, his body was filled with strength path dao marks. And as a mortal killer move, it was definitely not easy to alter his appearance to this extent.


 The main thing was that this transformation was not an illusion but a real transformation of his physical body, even involving subtle transformation of his aura.


 In short, even if Fang Yuan stood in front of Tai Bai Yun Sheng right now, the latter would not be able to recognize this immortal zombie was his own junior brother within a short period of time.


 “Master, your appearance became much better looking. Ah, this letter just came in.” Right at this time, the land spirit, Little Hu Immortal, appeared while holding a letter Gu which she handed to Fang Yuan.


 “Hmm? Letter sending green bird Gu... Spirit Affinity House finally responded?” Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed as he took the letter Gu and sent in his consciousness.


 In a short while, he retracted his consciousness, a pondering expression flashed across his face: “Feng Jin Huang actually wants me to participate in the Refinement Path Convention to compete in refinement path? I remember she had no interest in refinement path in her early years and her accumulation in this field could be said to be like a blank sheet of paper right now. So why does she have so much confidence to compete with me in Gu refinement? Could it be that she had already discovered the true use of dream wings Immortal Gu?”


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 “Dream Wings, dream path...” Fang Yuan’s eyes turned cloudy as he recalled the details of his previous life.


 In his previous life, why did he gang up with a group of demonic path Gu Immortals to think of all sorts of ways to attack Hu Immortal blessed land? It was to kill Feng Jin Huang and seize dream wings Immortal Gu!



***
Chapter 734 - Two Great Events


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “To think that more than four hundred years before the end of my previous life, dream realms had already shown up.” Fang Yuan held the letter sending green bird Gu in his hand as he sighed in his heart.


 At once, he lost the mood to test his killer moves.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Central Continent was the first to trigger the war, suppressing the other four regions singlehandedly, and expanding rapidly. After that, the four regions collaborated, resisting Central Continent’s invasion with much difficulty.


 The entire war had gone into a stalemate, and when the four regions joined hands and attempted to attack Central Continent in return, dream realms appeared in all five regions.


 In this world, ever since Ren Zu produced the first batch of humans, humans began to dream. Every time they dreamed, they would expand the dream realms, providing strength to them.


 After countless days, a vast amount of time and changes, many heroes and geniuses rose up among humans, constantly expanding the dream realms.


 The dream realms got bigger and bigger, finally attaining a qualitative change and surfacing to the outside world.


 The people soon discovered that even though the environment of a dream realm was extreme and complex, dangerous and strange, it had great benefits. In dream realms, people could obtain the foundations of ancient people, allowing their cultivation realms to surge and improve rapidly.


 The rise of their attainment could be in terms of decades, a century, or even centuries of hard work.


 Because of dream realms, the attainments of Gu Masters rose rapidly, this led to an increase in their strength, and produced many amazing experts.


 Previously, resources were held in the hands of clans and sects, attainment levels were hard to raise, and unless one was an incredible genius, they would not be able to rise up.


 After dream realms appeared, their attainment levels rose, like they were standing on the shoulders of former geniuses, Gu Masters could recreate many Gu worms and killer moves, and on this basis, they could develop new Gu, Gu recipes, and new killer moves that were tailored to their abilities.


 That was the flourishing of a super level great era.


 Many small forces lacking in prominence rose up, countless lone cultivators emerged.


 The appearance of dream realms devastated the rigid system and structures. Social order was in upheaval, the immense benefits made the people go wild!


 Originally, the four regions were collaborating to resist Central Continent, but before they even began, the plan was halted.


 All the different forces, countless Gu Immortals and Gu Masters, they all placed their attentions on dream realms.


 In order to compete for all of the surfaced dream realms, the five regions fought against each other, resulting in a thoroughly chaotic war.


 In order to explore the dream realm more efficiently, many knowledgeable people, talents and geniuses, produced the necessary Gu worms. Soon, the newly discovered dream path was rapidly formed and developed.


 The legendary rank eight wisdom path Gu Immortal — Immortal Yi Yan’s ‘Prophecy of Three Venerables’, was brought up once again.


 He predicted that many years later, after three great eras, three venerables would appear, two men and one woman. The first was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, second was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and third was Great Dream Immortal Venerable. As for the problem regarding the space escape Gu, it would be solved by Great Dream Immortal Venerable.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had already shown up, this made everyone believe in the prophecy more deeply.


 The two were linked together, forming a common theory — the dream realm was the opportunity to become Great Dream Immortal Venerable, whoever can control the entire dream realm would be able to use the accumulations of past individuals to become a historical figure that transcends sages, a king among immortal kings, a venerable above venerables, Great Dream Immortal Venerable!


 “In my previous life, the reason why I could rise up and become the lord of an area was not only because of my fortuitous encounter involving blood path, but also because of the five regions chaotic war. All of the super forces had much lower control over the situation at that time, and because they were focused on exploring dream realms, they could not pay attention to the real world situation, and that gave me the time and freedom to develop and grow. Unfortunately, by the time I had control in the real world, this new area known as dream realms had already been split up by all the huge forces. Even though I could enter dream realms and explore using mortal dream path Gu, I was lagging behind everyone as a beginner. Unless I had a dream path Immortal Gu, that would be the only way to catch up.”


 Precisely because of this, Fang Yuan gathered Song Zhong and other demonic path Gu Immortals to attack Hu Immortal blessed land, killing Feng Jin Huang. Unfortunately, he did not get her dream wings Immortal Gu.


 Lacking an Immortal Gu and only having dream path mortal Gu, this caused Fang Yuan’s exploration of dream realms to be without any important discoveries, while he was constantly chased away and suppressed by the large forces.


 Fang Yuan had obtained a blood path inheritance in his previous life, he was constantly chased after and had an arrest warrant on him. After building the Blood Wing Demon Sect, he had spent a lot of effort managing his sect, it took away a lot of his time and effort. All in all, he missed the golden era of exploring dream realms.


 After rebirth, he had been reflecting upon this. This was a mistake, although mostly due to external pressure forcing him, a small part of it was due to his poor judgment.


 Thus, in this life, he remembered this lesson and even though he had a foundation in blood path, he did not dare to cultivate blood path rashly before taking that crucial blood path inheritance.


 Blood path Gu Masters were hunted down like rats, not only did the righteous path issue warrants to arrest them, even demonic path members were wary of them. Only during the five regions chaotic war, when law and order broke down, could blood path emerge and prosper at a time when nobody could afford to care about them.


 “It turns out that dream realms surfaced more than four hundred years earlier than the end of my previous life. All of the super forces had interactions with them long ago, thus, in about three hundred years, when dream realms surfaced extensively, these forces could enter and expand their influence. They were prepared since long ago, it was not my inability that I lost to them.”


 At this point of time, Fang Yuan was still a mortal during his previous life, desperately living at the bottom level of Gu Masters, restrained by his memories and experiences on Earth. Only after a long time did he break free of the limitations and shackles of such a mentality.


 Sometimes, the advantage of being a transmigrator can also be a disadvantage.


 This caused his information to deviate from what was happening in reality.


 For example, like Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 Star Constellation immortal zombie was Seven Star Child immortal zombie. What Fang Yuan knew in his previous life was that this Star Constellation immortal zombie was a lucky person who had gained the most benefits inside the fragment worlds of Starry Sky grotto-heaven. But the truth was, he was the owner of Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 The reason why he called himself Star Constellation immortal zombie was most likely because of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm surfacing inside his grotto-heaven. This resulted in Seven Star Child obtaining some of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s accumulation.


 “This matter regarding Seven Star Child is what originally happened. But Feng Jin Huang understanding the true usage of dream wings Immortal Gu was much earlier than in my previous life. Was this the effect of me snatching Hu Immortal blessed land from her?” Fang Yuan thought.


 “After Feng Jin Huang learned about the true effect of dream wings Immortal Gu, Spirit Affinity House was sure to be alerted. And this in turn would affect the other nine great ancient sects as well. And from the other nine sects, the entirety of Central Continent would be affected. There is no wall in this world that can block all winds, in this way, the speed at which the people in this world learn about dream realms would be greatly pushed forward by me.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of urgency.


 Dream realms were an entirely new field, they were dangerous and complex, even though there was only one type of resource in them, they were extremely profitable. Fang Yuan would not commit the same mistake from his previous life twice.


 “However, in the current situation, dream realms would not surface on a large scale. Dream realms that have surfaced can be explored using dream path mortal Gu. Those dream realms that have not surfaced can only be explored by using dream path Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan was extremely aware of the value of dream path Immortal Gu.


 But currently, with Fairy Bai Qing and Feng Jiu Ge around, even though dream wings Immortal Gu was in the hands of Feng Jin Huang, a mortal, nobody dared to target her.


 Dream Travel was in the hands of the Northern Plains Gu Immortal, Lady Poison Scorpion, she lay dormant in Zi Du blessed land, and was the first Gu Immortal who used Dream Travel to explore dream realms, in the future, she used the identity of a lone cultivator to become the third overlord of dream realms. Lady Poison Scorpion was a rank seven Gu Immortal, her battle strength was even greater than Hei Cheng, and the defense of her blessed land was like an iron fortress. It was not easy to target her either.


 As for the other dream path Immortal Gu, they were either not created yet or had not appeared yet, their origins were unknown.


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a while, he used his primeval essence and wiped away the details on the letter sending green bird Gu, using his thoughts to fill it with words of his own.


 He agreed to Feng Jin Huang’s challenge, to have a competition during the Refinement Path Convention.


 “Feng Jin Huang has dream wings Immortal Gu, she has confidence in herself. But my refinement path attainment has advanced from master level to quasi-grandmaster level, why would I be afraid of this junior?”


 Fang Yuan snorted in his heart.


 Deducing Immortal Gu recipes for Lang Ya land spirit was an opportunity, it allowed his refinement path realm to reach a breakthrough recently.


 “Refinement Path Convention, it concerns the Infallible inheritance, such a grand event, even if Feng Jin Huang did not challenge me, I would have gone there to get a share of the rewards. However, joining the Refinement Path Convention will need me to prepare my own Gu refinement materials. If I want to have any gains, I will need to start collecting materials now.


 Fang Yuan had the experience of participating in the Refinement Path Convention from his previous life.


 To get a good ranking, he would need to prepare a huge amount of materials, worth at least five hundred immortal essence stones. A clever wife cannot cook without rice, even the best Gu recipe could not proceed without the relevant materials.


 “Other than this, I have to attend the huge auction that Qin Bai Sheng is organizing with Fairy Li Shan as well.” According to the newest information, this auction would have a segment for exchanging Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu could not be bought, commonly speaking, they could only be exchanged.


 When Gu Immortals obtain Immortal Gu, they might not suit their own path. At this time, they would undergo exchange with other Gu Immortals, to get an Immortal Gu that was suited for themselves, to display greater effect when used.


 Just like Fang Yuan’s worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, this was a water path Immortal Gu, the effect was much weaker when Fang Yuan used it as compared to a water path Gu Immortal.


 This was because worldly wave trace Immortal Gu had the law of water path, meanwhile, Fang Yuan was a strength path Gu Immortal, his body was filled with strength path dao marks, strength path and water path interfered with each other, reducing the normal capability of this Immortal Gu.


 During the five regions chaotic war in Fang Yuan’s previous life, because battles were common, these Gu exchange sessions became much more frequent as well. But now was still a long time away from the war.


 This grand auction in Northern Plains would probably be the only large scale Immortal Gu exchanging opportunity for the next two hundred years. Fang Yuan naturally had to make use of it.


 Other than that, he was also very interested in the luck path inheritance.


 “Auction and Refinement Path Convention, both of them need huge amounts of immortal essence stones. I have only two hundred immortal essence stones on me now, I can barely join in either of the grand events. It seems I can only rely on Lang Ya land spirit’s idea of selling blessed lands of Gu Immortals.”



***
Chapter 735 - Finally Obtaining a Wisdom Path Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even with the sale of guts Gu, it had been too short of a time period, Fang Yuan had not accumulated enough immortal essence stones yet.


 Furthermore, he had been refining Gu and tempering his bat wings, all these expenses caused his accumulation of wealth to be very slow.


 The auction and Refinement Path Convention were two huge events, they would be held one after another. The former was already right around the corner. The only way to obtain a huge amount of immortal essence stones now would be through the Gu Immortals’ blessed lands in Lang Ya land spirit’s possession.


 “It is a pity that my immortal aperture is dead, I cannot swallow other blessed lands. Otherwise, the first person to buy the blessed lands would be me!” Fang Yuan sighed in his mind.


 The immortal apertures were small worlds, they could swallow each other, but there were requirements.


 Firstly, dead apertures could not swallow apertures, they could only break down constantly until they vanish completely.


 Secondly, a smaller immortal aperture could not swallow a bigger one.


 Lastly, to swallow a rank six blessed land, one needed master attainment realm, to fuse the two different worlds together without problems. To devour a rank seven blessed land, grandmaster attainment realm is needed. To swallow a rank eight grotto-heaven, great grandmaster realm is needed.


 That is to say, if Fang Yuan wanted to swallow immortal apertures, he would first need to become alive again, making his blessed land regain life force. Secondly, he could only devour strength path, refinement path, enslavement path, and transformation path blessed lands. Although strength path and blood path were at grandmaster attainment realm, he was only rank six and could only devour rank six blessed lands.


 But even with such limitations, Gu Immortals were never hesitant towards blessed lands they could swallow.


 The immortal aperture was the base and foundation of a Gu Immortal’s cultivation, swallowing blessed lands was like taking someone else’s foundation, it caused one’s own cultivation level to surge extremely quickly.


 As long as one was a Gu Immortal, they would know the value of the blessed land. Regarding the auction of blessed lands, it was sure to whip up a huge storm during the auction.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan refined group strength Gu and small family qi Gu, while using the light of wisdom to try and improve the transformation path killer move unfamiliar face.


 At the same time, he was still continuing to sell desolate beast corpses in treasure yellow heaven.


 Half a month had passed in Hu Immortal blessed land, the sole rank seven corpse in Fang Yuan’s possession — astral wind flying heavenly boar, was successfully sold.


 Fang Yuan obtained a wisdom path inheritance that he had been wanting since a long time ago.


 “Malicious thought Gu...” A few days later, Fang Yuan held a rank five mortal Gu in his hands with a complex expression.


 This malicious thought Gu was refined by him using the Gu recipe in the wisdom path inheritance.


 It had a huge body, around the size of a washing basin, it was like a spider but the eight legs were like needles, the tips were extremely sharp. On the body of the spider, there was tough and long prickly hairs. If not for Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body, ordinary flesh and blood would bleed upon touching this Gu.


 Fang Yuan injected primeval essence, and malicious thoughts appeared in his mind one after another.


 These malicious thoughts were like bubbles with sharp spikes on the surface. Fang Yuan tried to use these malicious thoughts, as they started to collide into each other instantly.


 The scene of their collision was very peculiar.


 The bubbles had spikes, they hooked up to one another, before getting destroyed or fusing into even bigger thoughts after that.


 Soon, these malicious thoughts were consumed.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, showing some joy in his gaze.


 “Even for wisdom path Gu Immortals, their main method for deduction is to use thoughts. When using malicious thoughts to scheme or plot against others, the effect would be much greater. In that case, one malicious thought could be equivalent to tens of joyful thoughts, star thoughts, or empty thoughts.”


 Fang Yuan had used delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to create a huge amount of joyful will in the past to assist his thinking. That was a wrong move.


 Although wills were made of thoughts, their real use was not for thinking, but to act independently after splitting from the main body.


 Gu Immortals create many different wills, sending them into treasure yellow heaven to sell items. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s will was left behind to defend Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, this was the real use of wills.


 To make a comparison, thoughts were like cleavers, while wills were like sabers. When thinking about how to cut vegetables, one would obviously use a cleaver, which chef would choose to use a saber for that?


 Different professions are like separate worlds, wisdom path was the most mysterious path, Fang Yuan did not know this in the past, thus he used joyful will to think, the effect seemed reasonable, but he had, in fact, resulted in much expenditure, he was better off using joyful thoughts.


 “I now have the Gu recipes of malicious thought Gu and malicious will Gu, I can mass produce these two mortal Gu. As an immortal, I have unlimited primeval essence. Activating a huge number of malicious thoughts would be the best value for me. Expending green grape immortal essence to activating delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu is simply too expensive.”


 In the past, Fang Yuan only had a small number of wisdom path mortal Gu in his possession, most of them were bought in treasure yellow heaven.


 The thoughts produced when using these mortal Gu were simply too few, and they varied in types, they could not sustain the expenditure when deducing Immortal Gu recipes.


 Thus, he had to use delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu.


 But now that Fang Yuan had the Gu recipes for wisdom path mortal Gu, his first plan was to mass produce these mortal Gu. The thoughts produced by one mortal Gu were few, but with enough quantity, the numbers of the thoughts would be very significant.


 Activating delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu was not only expensive, it was a waste of a precious resource.


 “It is a pity that this wisdom path inheritance appeared a little late. I have already entered the next stage in my transaction with Lang Ya land spirit. If this appeared earlier, I would have been able to save a huge amount of green grape immortal essence. After saving green grape immortal essence, my costs would fall, the profits from each deal would increase and it would definitely not be twenty-six immortal essence stones like before.”


 Fang Yuan thought of this and felt a little regret.


 He could not help it, life is like this.


 Not everything would happen at the exact time you needed it to, life did not go so smoothly.


 It was bound to include imperfection, dissatisfaction, and untimely events.


 Like the wisdom path inheritance that Fang Yuan obtained, it was not complete, it was quite lacking.


 All in all, it was already a very fortunate thing that Fang Yuan could obtain the mortal Gu recipes of malicious thought Gu and malicious will Gu. Other than these two Gu recipes, he also obtained a wisdom path killer move, called harboring malicious heart.


 The Gu Immortal who sold the Gu recipe seemed to have a great need for the astral wind flying heavenly boar’s corpse, and it seemed that he was a bit tight on finances as well.


 If not for that, even if an ancient desolate beast’s corpse was worth several hundred immortal essence stones, he would not have sold the wisdom path inheritance.


 Even if this wisdom path inheritance was not complete, it was still very rare in the market.


 Thus, in the following days, Fang Yuan stayed in Hu Immortal blessed land peacefully and refined malicious thought Gu non-stop.


 “Even though malicious thought Gu is not a consumable Gu, it is still a mortal Gu, it has limits. Even though my primeval essence is unlimited, if I activate it too many times, after a while, these malicious thought Gu would be damaged.”


 With that in mind, Fang Yuan knew that his need for malicious thought Gu would be kept at a certain level in the future.


 But the refinement of Gu would always take a long time. The higher the rank of the Gu worm, the longer the time it would take. Gu Immortals often spend decades, a century, or even centuries to refine one Immortal Gu.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan decided to put in a large investment and purchase hairy men.


 During this time, he had sold more batches of guts Gu, each batch earned him forty-eight immortal essence stones of profit.


 He only kept fifty immortal essence stones, he spent the rest to purchase hairy men without restraint. This caused the price of hairy men in treasure yellow heaven to surge for a brief period of time.


 Fang Yuan wanted the hairy men inside Lang Ya blessed land the most. These hairy men were not only well trained, they were also much better in quality than those in treasure yellow heaven, but after he asked Lang Ya land spirit, he was sternly rejected. Not only that, Lang Ya land spirit scolded him fiercely and said that Fang Yuan was not being a good friend.


 Although Fang Yuan was scolded, he was happy.


 Lang Ya land spirit saying he was not being a good friend meant that Lang Ya land spirit acknowledged him as a friend already, even though their friendship could not compare with Lang Ya land spirit and Inkman King Mo Tan Sang’s relationship.


 However, Mo Tan Sang and Lang Ya land spirit’s friendship had not started in this generation, it began with a former city lord long ago in inkman city. After countless generations, inkman city had been maintaining this relationship with Lang Ya land spirit secretly. This friendship had accumulated to an immense amount through time.


 “Lang Ya land spirit has just been released, and has obtained so many completed Immortal Gu recipes. According to his temperament, he is definitely going to refine Immortal Gu. But refining Immortal Gu requires a vast amount of resources, even the affluent and rich Lang Ya blessed land cannot sustain such costs. Gu Immortals cannot enter treasure yellow heaven physically, after this auction, he would have no chance to sell them. If he wants to sell the Gu Immortals’ blessed lands, then to him, it is an urgent matter as well.”


 Fang Yuan knew that Lang Ya land spirit was already anxious deep down. When he loses his cool, he would find Fang Yuan personally.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s connections were too shallow, he only had Mo Tan Sang.


 But Mo Tan Sang had inkman city to take care of, and he was a variant human, he had lots of restraints, how could he appear personally to sell these Gu Immortals’ blessed lands?


 The status of variant humans was lower than normal humans. The same applied to variant human Gu Immortals.


 Seeing that the variant human Gu Immortal was selling human Gu Immortals, it would ignite the animosity of the human Gu Immortals against a common enemy.


 That is to say, other than finding Fang Yuan, Lang Ya land spirit had no other candidates.


 This was really not his fault, after all, a land spirit could not leave the blessed land. Furthermore, Lang Ya blessed land was a land of treasures, it was filled with wealth and would draw out people’s greed, since blessed lands could be swallowed, it was Lang Ya land spirit’s method of self-preservation to have minimal contact with Gu Immortals.


 Lang Ya land spirit was internally anxious, this made Fang Yuan much less anxious about it.


 For the next two months, Fang Yuan stayed in Hu Immortal blessed land, building another Fang Yuan stone nest, and also filling up all of the rooms in the stone nests with hairy men.


 These hairy men were quite skilled in refining Gu, they were the higher quality goods in treasure yellow heaven.


 High grade hairy man slaves, even though Fang Yuan could buy them, they were low in numbers. When Fang Yuan bought this group of hairy men, he not only needed to care about the quality, but also have sufficient quantity.


 With the second stone nest, the production of airsac Gu would increase, which meant that the production and sales of guts Gu would also increase, each time Fang Yuan made a transaction, he would earn more immortal essence stones.


 But Fang Yuan did not order all of the hairy men to refine airsac Gu for now.


 The second stone nest was meant to refine malicious thought Gu!



***
Chapter 736 - What a Huge Transaction


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 If malicious thought Gu were used to replace delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, the quantity of the former would definitely have to be enormous.


 Fang Yuan needed a lot of malicious thought Gu and not just several hundreds of them. He made an initial estimation that he required at least two thousand, by simultaneously activating them, the amount of malicious thoughts they produced could barely be sufficient for use under the light of wisdom.


 Most importantly, these two thousand malicious thought Gu must be rank five.


 Fang Yuan had the recipes of rank one to rank five malicious thought Gu. Rank one to rank five malicious thought Gu had similar effects in producing malicious thoughts. The only differences were the amount of thoughts they could produce in one activation and the vast difference in the quantity of primeval essence they consumed.


 “Gu refinement is not easy, the higher the rank, the more difficult it is to refine. Especially rank five malicious thought Gu which cannot be obtained immediately but requires the refinement to be one step at a time, from rank one to rank two, rank two to rank three and so on. This means, in addition to a low success rate, the amount of resources consumed will be extremely large.”


 Fang Yuan’s initial plan was to first refine two thousand malicious thought Gu. As for malicious will Gu, he did not need it at the moment, as he still had a lot of joyful will left in his mind.


 Refining two thousand rank five malicious thought Gu was no doubt an enormously time-consuming project.


 If Fang Yuan had not purchased hairy men and built the second stone nest, the hairy men in the first stone nest could only take on this project when there was spare time from refining airsac Gu. This meant they would at least need ten years of time to reach the target of two thousand rank five malicious thought Gu.


 Now, Fang Yuan had the second stone nest and large numbers of hairy men, this time period was greatly shortened to about sixteen months.


 “If I can improve the Gu recipe within this time and think of a completely new rank five Gu recipe that can directly refine rank five malicious thought Gu, then the sixteen months will be further reduced greatly.” Fang Yuan thought inwardly.


 His refinement path realm had already advanced to quasi-grandmaster, but he had almost no foundation in wisdom path.


 However, he still had confidence.


 The source of this confidence was none other than Wisdom Gu.


 Relying on the light of wisdom, he could get endless inspiration. Even if his attainment level was lacking, it was not of much concern and he could forcibly make deductions.


 “The might of rank nine Immortal Gu is indeed extremely terrifying.” Fang Yuan was becoming increasingly aware of the power of rank nine Wisdom Gu.


 Using the light of wisdom, he could deduce Immortal Gu recipes. And these Immortal Gu recipes had perplexed even the quasi-great grandmaster Lang Ya land spirit, unable to make progress.


 Fang Yuan could also use the light of wisdom to deduce immortal killer moves.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend comprehended the immortal killer move Lightning Deity from a remnant recipe of Blood Deity, after using up several years of time in closed cultivation.


 If it were Fang Yuan and he possessed the corresponding lightning path attainment, using the Wisdom Gu, he would require at most a month to accomplish this.


 Hei Lou Lan was currently trying her best to advance her mortal killer move, self strength phantom, to an immortal killer move. Unfortunately, even if she had the foundation of a mortal killer move and the strength path attainment level, she would require at least years of time to reach her target.


 Were it Fang Yuan, he could probably accomplish this in half a month.


 In actual fact, Fang Yuan have been intermittently deducing immortal killer moves. The immortal killer move he was deducing was none other than myriad self.


 Myriad self’s core was cleanse soul Immortal Gu but because it was starving, it could not be used. Fang Yuan’s main goal in deducing myriad self was to replace cleanse soul Immortal Gu with other Gu worms.


 Unfortunately, once this sole Immortal Gu was gone, the power of the killer move greatly fell. Even if he used a lot more mortal Gu, it could not reach the original might.


 In the long history of Gu Masters, since ancient times till now, there was only one mortal killer move that had the offensive power of an Immortal Gu.


 That was white bone chariot!


 This killer move came from Proud Bone Demon Lord Shen Jie Ao, it was a peerless creation standing high above in both ancient and present times.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had listed as one of the exchange conditions for buying a desolate beast corpse in treasure yellow heaven, to use a desolate beast corpse to exchange for rank five bone path mortal Gu like Battle Bone Wheel.


 Battle Bone Wheel was one of the mortal Gu required to form the white bone chariot killer move. Fang Yuan only had one of it, which he obtained from the battlefield where Wolf King Chang Shan Yin had hidden himself in Northern Plains.


 Fang Yuan’s talent could not match Shen Jie Ao, if he got rid of cleanse soul Immortal Gu, myriad self would simply not have enough power.


 Over the next half of a month, Fang Yuan tried hard to improve malicious thought Gu’s recipe and besides this, he also did not give up in improving his immortal killer move myriad self.


 In this time period, he sold another two desolate beast corpses in treasure yellow heaven.


 He exchanged them for the second pair of bat desolate beast wings as well as dozens of immortal essence stones.


 Fang Yuan had not wanted to use desolate beast corpses to exchange for immortal essence stones. But he only had fifty immortal essence stones remaining on him as most of his wealth had been used to purchase hairy men. Now, he was refining rank five malicious thought Gu on a large scale, which required extremely great resources. Thus, he had no choice but to exchange for immortal essence stones in order to barely be able to cope with his expenses.


 With this, Fang Yuan only had three desolate beast corpses remaining on sale in treasure yellow heaven.


 The immortal essence stones on him also reached a number of just over twenty. And since he was constantly making deductions, his green grape immortal essence also fell down to thirty-six beads.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan’s plan of improving malicious thought Gu’s recipe succeeded.


 It was a completely new malicious thought Gu recipe, although it did not reach his previous expectations, it already was reduced by a number of steps. Previously, the rank five malicious thought Gu could only be refined step by step from rank one to rank two and so on. Now, the rank five malicious thought Gu only required two steps. The first step refined a half-finished malicious thought Gu while the second step completed the refinement.


 Although the success rate did not improve, the procedure had shortened; the materials required decreased by a lot and time was also saved.


 “According to this speed, the estimated sixteen months has been directly reduced by half. I will have two thousand rank five malicious thought Gu in just eight months. However, I am already tight on immortal essence stones. At this rate, even with the support from the transaction of guts Gu, I won’t be able to make my ends meet. Do I have to slow down for the moment and let the second stone nest refine airsac Gu, raising the production of guts Gu to earn immortal essence stones?”


 Just as Fang Yuan was having this thought, the good news he had been waiting a long time for had finally arrived.


 “Brat, you win! I agree to your condition. We will split in a four to six ratio!” Lang Ya land spirit said furiously, his emotions in a mess.


 Fang Yuan lacked money to refine mortal Gu on a large scale, while Lang Ya land spirit was refining Immortal Gu, the resources he had to expend amounted to more than hundred times what Fang Yuan required, so he lacked money even more so!


 Just like Fang Yuan expected, Lang Ya land spirit did not have other channels and only had Fang Yuan to accomplish this task.


 Thus, he had no choice but to accept, even though he knew this was an extremely large loss.


 Fang Yuan also did not want to push his luck; such a sharing of profits was already the limit of the land spirit. If he did not accept this and angered Lang Ya land spirit, there would not only be no transaction, even the relationship he had built with much difficulty would collapse.


 Northern Plains, Bai Zu grotto-heaven.


 The hall was lit with bright lights, beautiful women were dancing without rest; fine wine and delicacies were presented at the table in a row.


 “Eat this, I personally like this dish very much, it is made of the rank five Gu, Flying Vajra Centipedes, which are roasted over a charcoal fire, making its flesh delicious and tender.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said with light laughter from the main seat, inviting the two Gu Immortals in the hall.


 The two Gu Immortals were none other than Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan.


 Although the dishes were made by others, the two immortals had no misgivings. Qin Bai Sheng picked up a long piece of meat and threw it in his mouth.


 He chewed it loudly, his lips shone with oily luster. He raised his thumb in praise: “Indeed a delicacy! Not bad, not bad.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed loudly before looking at Fairy Li Shan: “I wonder how fairy finds it?”


 Fairy Li Shan’s eating manner was much more elegant than Qin Bai Sheng; she took a few bites then appreciated the taste before smiling: “It is delicious, not only is there the smell of coal, there is also a nice chewy taste with a creamy and refreshing texture. It truly is a masterpiece.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed heartily with extreme satisfaction: “I won’t conceal it from you two, I thought painstakingly and tested for eight days and eight nights to create this dish. This is one of my most satisfying works during this year.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a rank eight Gu Immortal and a lone cultivator. He had a hobby which was famous throughout the world of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals; he liked to cook gourmet food and create new fine dishes.


 “In this visit, we not only succeeded in inviting Heavenly Lord to participate in the auction, but also tasted such a delicacy, it is truly our honor.” Qin Bai Sheng spoke at an appropriate time.


 “I shall engrave Heavenly Lord’s hospitality in my heart. Now, we have already signed an alliance treaty, please forgive Li Shan for not being able to stay longer.” Fairy Li Shan said.


 “Hehehe.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu nodded while all smiles, “Good. There are only a few rank eight seniors in Northern Plains. You two have already invited me, as well as Yao Huang, Five Elements Grandmaster and Old Ancestor Xue Hu. If only Prince Feng Xian is left out, it won’t be good.”


 “Heavenly Lord has penetrating insight, we were going to invite Prince Feng Xian.”


 “Go, go. Organize this auction properly, this old man has great expectations.”


 Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan left Bai Zu grotto-heaven, then hurried towards the southeast direction.


 Midway, Fairy Li Shan’s expression suddenly changed. In her immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s message had arrived through moving perspective cup Gu.


 Fairy Li Shan slowly came to a halt.


 Qin Bai Sheng asked curiously: “Fairy, why are you stopping?”


 Fairy Li Shan gave a light smile: “There is a person I want to introduce to you.”


 “Eh?” Qin Bai Sheng’s interest rose.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan came out of Fairy Li Shan’s immortal aperture, he quickly scanned his surroundings before looking at Qin Bai Sheng: “Lord Qin, your mighty name has long since resounded in my ears.”


 Qin Bai Sheng was a rank seven Gu Immortal with outstanding battle strength at the level of Shi Lei. Right now, as he saw Fang Yuan was only an immortal zombie with the lowest cultivation of rank six, his interest that had been roused just before rapidly disappeared.


 However, remembering Fang Yuan had directly come out of Fairy Li Shan’s immortal aperture, it could be seen that Fang Yuan’s relationship with Fairy Li Shan was not shallow. Qin Bai Sheng did not become arrogant, and only nodded and smiled lightly: “You flatter me, you are?”


 “My name is Sha Huang, I have a large transaction that I want to discuss with Lord Qin.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 “What large transaction?”


 When Fang Yuan spoke of the matter of selling Gu Immortals’ blessed lands, Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan both turned pale.


 In the letter from the moving perspective cup Gu, Fang Yuan had not explained things clearly and only said he wanted to participate in the auction.


 Fairy Li Shan was endlessly shocked: “Sha Huang, you really have blessed lands of Gu Immortals to sell?”


 “Haha, they are not mine, I am only running an errand.” Fang Yuan smiled. He and Fairy Li Shan were under the Snowy Mountain Alliance, so he must speak the truth.


 However, this indeed was the truth, just that he had only said part of it. He naturally would not say that he, this errand boy, had more of a share of the profits than the owner.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s mood calmed down only then, as he deduced that Fang Yuan was a subordinate of some great person. In the open, Northern Plains had five rank eight Gu Immortals, but it was rumored there were some old monsters who were apparently still alive.


 Immediately, Qin Bai Sheng reevaluated Fang Yuan; he was still smiling, but his tone had a slight change now: “It is indeed a huge transaction. Brother, since you think highly of me and have confidence in this auction, then how could I refuse?”


 “Many thanks to Lord Qin for making an exception.” Fang Yuan’s smile turned even bigger.


 “What exception, honestly speaking, I am just glad it was not too late. Gu Immortals’ blessed lands, tsk tsk, this will definitely heighten the climax of the auction. Haha, this auction I am holding will definitely be one of the few grand auctions over several hundred years in Northern Plains!”


 Qin Bai Sheng laughed loudly and passionately patted this small rank six immortal zombie, Fang Yuan’s shoulder: “Honestly, I am a boorish person! Lord Qin is a strange way to address me, brother, if you think I am worthy, then even if I am older by some years, how about calling me brother.”


 Qin Bai Sheng was already over seven hundred years old, he was indeed older than Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan directly cupped his fists with a smile: “Brother Qin.”


 “Haha, Brother Sha.” Qin Bai Sheng returned the greeting.



***
Chapter 737 - Joining Zombie Alliance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qin Bai Sheng was quite the character.


 His battle strength was on par with Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei, but he did not have any arrogant attitude. Not only that, when he conversed with Fang Yuan, he kept a cool demeanor and was very amicable, not only did he laugh grandly, he even gave people a feeling that he was very open-minded.


 This time, Fang Yuan had obviously appeared under the disguise of the mortal killer move unfamiliar face.


 He had to conceal himself.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were in the hands of Qin Bai Sheng, if they had revealed the details or had their souls searched, Qin Bai Sheng would have known about Fang Yuan’s eight arm heavenly zombie form already.


 Be it Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng or Fang Yuan’s eight arm heavenly zombie figure, they could not appear openly in Northern Plains.


 Because the three of them were key surviving members of the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building incident.


 Right now was a sensitive time.


 Ever since Northern Plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Chang Fan, deduced before his death that the culprit was not a person from Northern Plains and was an outsider, Northern Plains had formed an attitude of resisting a common enemy.


 Countless forces and experts wanted to take revenge. Especially the ten or so super forces in Northern Plains, their benefits were heavily affected. They wanted to slaughter the culprit, to chop them into pieces and slice their skin and bones, to torture them for endless years to appease their hatred!


 Once Fang Yuan and the others showed up, even if their crimes were not exposed, it would sure to stir great attention and Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals would immediately make their moves, wanting to use Fang Yuan and the others as the key to obtaining more inside information.


 Thus, Fang Yuan came here using the fake name of Sha Huang, at the same time, his eight monstrous arms turned into ordinary zombie shoulders, his terrifying six meter tall body had turned into that of a normal person’s build, or even shorter. The fangs in his mouth were also completely retracted, he no longer looked ruthless but instead gave off a weak and powerless feeling.


 Of course, Fang Yuan had informed Fairy Li Shan already regarding his disguise in his letter. When they established the Snowy Mountain Alliance earlier, they had considered such a situation, thus, this was Fairy Li Shan and Fang Yuan collaborating to deceive outsiders, he did not go against their agreement at all.


 But even if Fang Yuan was so insignificant, an immortal zombie with stale cultivation and a grim future, Qin Bai Sheng did not look down on him at all, he talked with Fang Yuan on equal terms, in fact when they conversed, he spoke with an affectionate tone.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s attitude made Fang Yuan praise him inwardly: “This person is really quite a character, no wonder he could turn this around and forcefully change this situation of being attacked by Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals to one that benefits him greatly.”


 Qin Bai Sheng was also thinking: “This small rank six immortal zombie has an ordinary appearance, but even after I probed him for so long, he has not slipped and exposed anything. Even now, I do not know his origin and background, while he can still talk to me, Qin Bai Sheng, calmly and normally, he is not simple, not simple,”


 Fairy Li Shan was at the side, squinting as she smiled, watching Fang Yuan and Qin Bai Sheng talk.


 Fairy Li Shan saw that they were talking with more enthusiasm as she laughed lightly: “The way you two are talking, it is a shame that you have only met now, you actually left me in a corner, you look like long lost brothers who had just met each other.”


 “I am ashamed.” Fang Yuan quickly said.


 Qin Bai Sheng heard this and his eyes brightened up: “Fairy said it well, that was fabulous! Brother Sha and I feel like old friends, we really hit it off, why don’t we become sworn brothers. With Fairy’s mountain pledge Gu, from now on, as long as I have meat to eat, I will not let little brother starve!”


 Fairy Li Shan was shocked, she did not expect Qin Bai Sheng to be serious.


 After the shock, she flustered: “Is Qin Bai Sheng’s discernment superior to mine, he has already seen through Fang Yuan’s disguise?”


 Fang Yuan gasped, immediately showing an expression like that of a ‘youngster with poorly concealed temptation’: “I am not worthy, I am not worthy.”


 “Oh, what is brother saying, there is no such thing as worthiness. This is fate! Unless... even though brother is showing this on the surface, you actually look down on me, a person without a force?” Qin Bai Sheng’s eyes shined brightly, he looked at Fang Yuan tightly, showing a half-smiling expression.


 “Oh no, my unfamiliar face is only a mortal killer move, Qin Bai Sheng has felt something amiss already. It boils down to the excessive strength that I displayed, I actually had Gu Immortal prisoners and was going to sell Gu Immortals’ blessed lands. Although Qin Bai Sheng is a lone cultivator, he is skilled at gathering allied forces and is organizing an auction, thus he wants to use me to latch onto the force behind me.”


 “Of course, there is a possibility that he suspects that I am the culprit who toppled Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. No matter which one it is, I can see the troublesome and powerful methods of this person.”


 These thoughts flashed by in Fang Yuan’s head quickly, as he gave a bitter smile: “To speak the truth, I really hit it off with brother Qin, but I am a small character, I cannot decide this, I am not like brother Qin and Fairy Li Shan who are free. The matter of becoming sworn brothers, it is not that I do not want to, but I cannot.”


 Of course they could not, once they did, making an oath before the mountain pledge Gu, Fang Yuan would be at his mercy.


 The most simple way was for Qin Bai Sheng to suggest that brothers cannot lie to each other.


 What can Fang Yuan do then? How could he reject him?


 “So that is the case. Brother has his difficulties, I understand. Not only do I understand, I can even help you, brother.” Qin Bai Sheng patted his chest, while speaking, he still continued to try probing Fang Yuan’s background.


 Fang Yuan cupped his fists to thank him, before turning around and looking at Fairy Li Shan: “Fairy, I came here this time with another task, that is to borrow and make use of your mountain pledge Gu.”


 “This...” Fairy Li Shan looked at Qin Bai Sheng, hesitatingly saying: “Sha Huang, you might not know, but we are going to find Prince Feng Xian to invite him to attend the auction. Our time is tight, I am not sure if Prince Feng Xian will be angry. After all, he is the last person we are visiting.”


 Qin Bai Sheng said instead: “Prince Feng Xian is a model of the righteous path, how can he be so small-minded? Anyway, we are going to take some time in flying there, it is not a problem to lend it to brother Sha Huang.”


 “It’s fine, I am not in a rush.” Fang Yuan cupped his fist: “In that case, Fairy and brother Qin should go first, we will split up here.”


 “Why doesn’t brother Sha Huang come with us? It is a rare opportunity to be able to meet Prince Feng Xian.” Qin Bai Sheng invited.


 How could Fang Yuan dare to go to a rank eight Gu Immortal? Especially when this Prince Feng Xian had an investigative Immortal Gu that was at least rank seven.


 Even though unfamiliar face came from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was just a mortal killer move, in front of an investigative Immortal Gu, it was insufficient.


 Fang Yuan rejected Qin Bai Sheng’s invitation and watched them fly away, as their figures vanished into the sky, his expression turned cold.


 He had finally learned how troublesome Qin Bai Sheng was to deal with.


 Compared to the brutish Shi Lei, this person had a exquisite mind, who knew how many thoughts were in his head, while he could appear on the surface to be grand and full of passion, as if it came from the bottom of his heart.


 Just this acting ability alone was on par with Fang Yuan.


 If not for Fang Yuan being a reborn old monster, he might not be able to see Qin Bai Sheng’s true colors.


 “This person is a lone cultivator, yet he was able to make a network of alliances and influence the entire world of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals, his methods were truly incredible, he has some real skill. Unfortunately, his luck in my previous life was bad, just when Blood Hunter came out of seclusion, he unfortunately met with and engaged in fierce battle, succumbing to that monster’s methods.” Fang Yuan recalled as he turned around, flying towards another direction.


 Not long later, he met with a group of azure ostriches.


 This bird had a swollen back, like that of a camel, it had azure feathers and its body was as strong as a grown man. Often gathering in groups, they were the overlords of the sky.


 This group of azure ostriches were not few in numbers, they were a myriad beast group.


 Fang Yuan did not care about them, he continued to fly forwards.


 The azure ostriches found the ‘prey’ Fang Yuan and were very excited, they first screeched before getting close to him, but the moment they got close to him and sensed his immortal zombie aura, they ran away in fear.


 All living beings had survival instincts in them to avoid danger, even beasts and birds had this insight and would not send themselves to death.


 If this had been Fang Yuan when he stepped into Northern Plains for the first time in his previous life, if he met the azure ostrich group, he would need to dig a hole and bury himself to avoid them.


 But now, even without doing anything, he had chased this group of azure ostriches away.


 “Even though I became an immortal zombie, compared to my previous life’s achievements, my cultivation level has greatly exceeded what I had been during this time. In my previous life, at this point, Qing Mao mountain had been destroyed by Bai Ning Bing’s self-detonation, because clans are united by bloodline, they spurn outsiders. Before I became a lone demonic cultivator, I joined a caravan and was often at the front lines, trying to earn a living like this.”


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had moved around Southern Border, Western Desert, Eastern Sea for over three hundred years before becoming a rank five Gu Master in Central Continent.


 But now, only decades had passed and Fang Yuan was already an immortal, even though he was an immortal zombie, his battle strength was already upper-tier among rank six Gu Immortals.


 Firstly, the rebirth advantage he had was huge. Secondly, Fang Yuan took part in many dangerous situations, the higher the risks, the greater his rewards.


 “But as time passes, the influence of my rebirth would become bigger and bigger. This auction had never happened in my previous life. Hopefully, when I join Northern Plains Zombie Alliance this time, there will be fewer accidents and my plans would go smoothly.”


 Having unfamiliar face, Fang Yuan decided to try joining Zombie Alliance.


 Plans could not keep up with changes.


 His original plan was to first take dark limit Immortal Gu. But Xue Song Zi and Hei Cheng’s incident had inadvertently served as an alert, afterwards, Fairy Jiang Yu had disappeared mysteriously, even Fairy Li Shan could not find her.


 He also had another plan, to kill Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun. But now that they were captured by Qin Bai Sheng, they were watched by almost all of the Gu Immortals in Northern Plains, how could Fang Yuan kill them now?


 After these two plans succeeded, his third plan was to join Zombie Alliance. But with the current situation, Fang Yuan had insufficient control of the circumstances, he had to take a risk and join Zombie Alliance, even if it was dangerous.


 As he flew, Fang Yuan considered the plan for joining Zombie Alliance again.


 Along the way, he met many bird groups, but they were all repelled by Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie aura. Only once, he met a desolate beast flying snake. Fang Yuan did not want to waste time and avoided it.


 Although Northern Plains was huge, having five billion square kilometers of surface area, ten times that of Earth, but Fang Yuan’s current location was not far from his destination. After half a day, he saw a mountain on the horizon.


 It was Ku Mu mountain.



***
Chapter 738 - Old Earth Wood, Immortal Zombie Gu Ye


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ku Mu mountain, rather than a mountain, it looked more like a giant dead wooden tree that extended into the clouds.


 The name of the wood was old earth.


 Old earth wood had a long lifespan, this particular pillar of old earth wood had more than a million years of history. From Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s era, to Red Lotus Demon Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and then to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. Even after Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable died, it was still alive.


 When it had lush leaves, the greenery covered the entire sky, and it produced countless fresh fruits. On its strong branches, unique tree farms could be created.


 During its golden years, it was usually owned by the strongest Gu Immortals or the most powerful forces in Northern Plains.


 But as the river of time continued to flow, the lush green leaves wilted, its strong trunk decayed, its glorious days were over, and it became a gloomy and silent structure.


 Long ago, countless forces had fought over it, fighting with their lives or even dying due to the old earth wood, but eventually, its late years were lonely. The barren tree branches could only create a shade over a small area, attempting to pitiful recreate its former glory.


 Right now, the old earth wood tree’s main trunk was mostly dead, only a small portion still had a little bit of life left.


 From a mystical treasure that everyone was after, to a monument that nobody visits, it was like an aged giant, bending its back and sitting on the ground calmly, awaiting the end of its life.


 Fang Yuan did not come here to admire the old earth wood tree, he was here for the immortal zombie who was living on top of the old earth wood.


 This immortal zombie was a wood path Gu Immortal during his life, his name was Gu Ye. If Fang Yuan wanted to join Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, he would need an immortal zombie’s recommendation.


 Fang Yuan had already gotten the details of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance from Fairy Li Shan. The reason why he chose Gu Ye was not because this person was special, but because he was the closest.


 As he got close to the old earth wood tree, Fang Yuan slowed his speed, but he did not see Gu Ye appearing.


 He frowned slightly, this Gu Ye’s alertness was simply too terrible.


 Finally, when he arrived at the old earth wood tree, Fang Yuan shouted: “Is Old Earth City Lord around? My name is Sha Huang and I am here to visit.”


 His voice echoed through the old earth wood tree, causing the wilted leaves to scatter onto the ground. From a deep part of the old earth wood, a figure came out: “Why are there more people?! Do you really think I, Gu Ye, am easy to bully?”


 His tone was filled with anger and helplessness.


 Gu Ye appeared before Fang Yuan.


 He was yellowish in color, tall and skinny, resembling the old earth wood. There were wooden markings on his skin, it was an immortal zombie body that resembled dead wood.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, Gu Ye was stunned, the anger vanished on his face as he said hesitantly: “Sir is?”


 “I am Sha Huang, I have turned into an immortal zombie recently without much choice. I wanted to join Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, I wonder if Old Earth City Lord may give me a recommendation?” Fang Yuan cupped his fists as he expressed his intention directly.


 “Oh, you are a newcomer who wants to join Zombie Alliance. A pleasure to meet you.” Gu Ye’s expression changed, he quickly greeted back while smiling: “I thought it was... forget it, let’s not talk about it. We are all in the same boat, please come in.”


 Fang Yuan slowly flew up, under Gu Ye’s lead, they traveled past many rotten leaves and branches, arriving at a deep part of the branches of the old earth wood tree.


 This was a city.


 It was completely built on the old earth wood branches, it resembled a carved wooden city, it was quite unique.


 Countless wooden houses were lined up, some were tall while some were short, not only were there common squares, there were towers and city walls, all sorts of streets and paths were interconnected like blood vessels, moving along the countless branches.


 There were also all sorts of vine ladders, either drooping or hanging from one branch to another.


 It was a pity that this wooden city was half destroyed, large numbers of houses had collapsed. The yellow vine ladders were no longer green, they could not sustain any weight. When the cold winds blew, the vines might break, landing on the branches and causing a loud sound.


 “This is Old Earth City. Although it is like this, the atmosphere still remains. Back in the day, this was a popular area and countless famous characters gathered here. This was once the heart of Northern Plains.” Fang Yuan looked around as he sighed casually.


 “The city is dead, there is nothing left. Brother Sha is calling me Old Earth City Lord, but that title is very hollow now.” Gu Ye laughed bitterly at the side: “To speak the truth, if not for this place still producing a wood path resource called wilted essence, who would care about it?”


 Fang Yuan nodded, agreeing: “That is indeed the case.”


 Gu Ye sighed deeply: “Sigh, if I knew that this place was so barren, I would not have accepted this mission from Zombie Alliance. But the duration of my mission is almost over, I can leave this painful place already. Brother, look at my pathetic state and learn from it. When you enter Zombie Alliance, do not choose the mission of guarding old earth wood.”


 Fang Yuan had already guessed that Gu Ye was injured, seeing him say this, he placed his gaze naturally on his face.


 Gu Ye’s face was swollen, it looked like a pink peach was growing on one side of his cheeks. The other side of his face was caved in, filled with many cracks. Looking at him, his entire head was in a strange shape, like a deformed melon.


 Not only that, there was a long scar on his chest.


 Although the scar was shallow, the injury was big. There was poisonous gas that were dark purple in color spiralling it.


 “Even if brother Gu didn’t mention it, I was going to ask. Where did you get your injuries from?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Sigh, brother. Seeing that you have just turned into an immortal zombie, you still do not know the pain of immortal zombies...” Gu Ye sighed pitifully, he was about to start his story when there was a loud sound outside, the entire old earth wood tree shook intensely as wilted leaves flew, even the rotting branches that seemed like tall pillars collapsed, they came crashing down.


 Gu Ye’s expression changed.


 Next, Fang Yuan heard someone shouting from outside: “Gu Ye, come out now, this Divine Lord is here to make a transaction with you!”


 Gu Ye’s expression became uglier, his eyes were spewing fire as he gritted his teeth: “Divine Lord Tian Du again!”


 Bam!


 Another loud bang.


 Old earth wood shook again, leaves fell from the branches like a huge rain. The beautiful wooden houses collapsed, causing dust and smoke to rise.


 Outside, there was another Gu Immortal shouting: “Gu Ye right? Come out now, I am Shi Hou, come out, I have a matter to discuss with you.”


 Saying so, there was another loud bang, causing a distressing noise in the old earth wood.


 Looking at their actions, they were not going to give up until Gu Ye showed up.


 Gu Ye’s expression was very ugly, he clenched his fists as he took a few deep breaths, smiling forcibly at Fang Yuan: “Brother Sha, take a seat first, I will be back shortly.”


 “No worry, I will go with you.” Fang Yuan said.


 Gu Ye showed a touched expression as he cupped his fists, thanking sincerely: “Then I will thank brother in advance.”


 The two walked out of the old earth wood tree, seeing the two rank six Gu Immortals in the sky.


 One had a strong muscular body, his skin was bronze in color as lightning coiled around his body, his name was Divine Lord Tian Du.


 The other had messy hair, he looked like a brute carrying a skull, it was Shi Hou.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, Divine Lord Tian Du was stunned before laughing: “To think that Gu Ye found a helper. But it is a pity, you found an immortal zombie.”


 In his speech, he did not hide the disdain towards immortal zombies.


 “You!” Gu Ye flew into a rage, about to speak.


 Divine Lord Tian Du waved his hand, saying impatiently: “I will not talk trash with you, I know that you have some wilted essence with you, my friend has an immortal essence stone, he will buy a hundred and fifty kilograms of wilted essence from you.”


 “One immortal essence stone for one hundred and fifty kilograms of wilted essence, why don’t you just rob us instead?!” Gu Ye was stomping his feet in anger, shouting.


 “Robbing is possible too, but seeing that you are Divine Lord’s friend, I wanted to do him a favor.” Shi Hou snickered, his attitude was very arrogant, as if Gu Ye was helpless against him.


 “You two are shameless, you are basically bandits!” Gu Ye stared with wide opened eyes, his lungs were about to explode.


 He did not attack in the end.


 He was furious, but also extremely helpless.


 The other party were two rank six Gu Immortals, but he was only a rank six immortal zombie, his blessed land was dead and he only had over a dozen immortal essence stones. Even though he would fight with them, what would he do after that?


 Ignoring the question of whether he could win, even if he won, he would expend a lot of green grape immortal essence, without the blessed land’s replenishment, he could only use immortal essence stones to replenish it.


 After one battle, he would go bankrupt.


 Gu Ye was full of worries, he looked at Fang Yuan beside him.


 Actually, Divine Lord Tian Du and Shi Hou were also looking at Fang Yuan. Divine Lord Tian Du had extorted Gu Ye many times already, he knew about Gu Ye’s background, but he did not know anything about Fang Yuan.


 Furthermore, it seemed like Fang Yuan was Gu Ye’s helper.


 But why would Fang Yuan help Gu Ye for no good reason?


 His gaze flickered, he showed a hesitant expression as he asked Gu Ye in a weak tone: “Brother Gu, what is going on? Who is the other party, such absurd demands, why isn’t the Zombie Alliance interfering?”


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s hesitation, Gu Ye lost all hope, he sighed deeply: “The Zombie Alliance can interfere, but I cannot afford it. It was better when leader was around, but now... sigh! Forget it, after you join the Zombie Alliance, you will learn about it, brother.”


 “Is that so...” Fang Yuan’s face showed a perfect mix of shock, disappointment, and even worry towards the future.


 Hearing their conversation, Divine Lord Tian Du and Shi Hou could see the joy in each other’s faces.


 “So this newly emerged immortal zombie wants to join the Zombie Alliance.”


 “We are going to successful extort him again!”


 The two transmitted.


 As they expected, Gu Ye was helpless but to accept their demands. Eventually, he sold one hundred and fifty kilograms of wilted essence for one immortal essence stone.


 “Hahaha, this was a pleasant business deal!”


 “Gu Ye, when you ask for help next time, at least invite a living person.”


 The two left while laughing loudly.


 “Sigh, this rotten place, I do not want to stay here for even one more second.” Gu Ye showed disappointment, his head was sinking even lower now.



***
Chapter 739 - Dark Flow Giant City


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan watched as Divine Lord Tian Du and Shi Hou disappeared into the horizon, before retracting his gaze, looking at the immortal zombie Gu Ye beside him with a slightly flickering gaze.


 With a trembling and hesitant voice, he said: “Brother Gu... may I ask... how many times has this happened?”


 Gu Ye restrained his grieving expression, and patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder, comforting him on the contrary: “Not too many. It is just that with the nearing of Qin Bai Sheng’s auction, some shameless scumbags are trying everything they can to get the capital to participate in this level of grand event.”


 Fang Yuan had not helped him, but Gu Ye did not blame him. He did not have any hope, thus his disappointment and grief had no relation to Fang Yuan.


 With this, even though they had just met each other, Gu Ye was even more certain that Fang Yuan’s situation was similar to his and even slightly worse, as a fallen Gu Immortal who had helplessly turned to becoming an immortal zombie.


 “But this behavior is too ugly.” Fang Yuan pretended to be indignant.


 This expression looked like his true feelings in Gu Ye’s eyes.


 “At least there is something to cover the humiliation.” Gu Ye looked at the immortal essence stone on his hand with irony.


 This immortal essence stone was the ‘price’ Shi Hou and Divine Lord Tian Du had paid for one hundred and fifty kilograms of wilted essence.


 He shook the immortal essence stone: “Look, Divine Lord Tian Du and Shi Hou might be strong, but they still are apprehensive of Zombie Alliance behind us and had to give us face in this way.”


 “Could it be... could it be that Zombie Alliance’s face is only worth one immortal essence stone?” Fang Yuan expression was aghast, as he made an inquiry.


 Gu Ye laughed.


 His laughter was bitter, mixed with helplessness, sadness and grief.


 He looked at Fang Yuan, and felt he was looking at himself back when he had just joined Zombie Alliance.


 He patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder again: “Brother Sha, you have reached this point and also know the hardships and disadvantages of immortal zombie. Blessed lands of us immortal zombies are already dead and cannot be operated, and cannot produce immortal essence. If I have to say it bluntly, we are on our dying breaths. Thus, we have to rely on external resources even more than those living Gu Immortals.”


 “You also might have already heard about it, Zombie Alliance indeed has many immortal zombies like you. But if you want to rely on these people as support and to help maintain your face, you have to pay the price.” Gu Ye’s words had deep implications.


 “Price?” Fang Yuan pretended to not understand.


 “Yes. If you want to request a rank six immortal zombie to help you, you need two immortal essence stones, and this is only the initial price, the concrete amount will depend on how intense the fight is. If you want to request a rank seven immortal zombie, you need twenty immortal essence stones. Similarly, this price is only the initial price. If you have sufficient immortal essence stones, you can even request the whole of Zombie Alliance to support you. But if you don’t have money or don’t want to pay the price, then your face can only be worth this much.”


 When Gu Ye said this, he slightly raised that immortal essence stone and intentionally shook it.


 Blessed lands of immortal zombies were already dead, it was hard to engage in business to generate income and they had to rely on more external resources; this made immortal zombies have to meticulously plan and often choose to endure as opposed to fight. Only like this could they barely maintain their livelihoods.


 Like with Fang Yuan previously, he could not produce green grape immortal essence by himself and could only use immortal essence stones to substitute. The pressure was too high; in that intense battle with Hei Cheng, his finances almost collapsed and fell into a plight again.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had Hu Immortal blessed land, which reduced the significance of his immortal aperture being dead.


 What was even more fortunate was that he had wisdom Gu’s help. And there were extremely large benefits to using the light of wisdom with an immortal zombie body.


 First was the Immortal Gu recipe transactions with Lang Ya land spirit, which allowed Fang Yuan to get out of the mire. Then with the help of the light of wisdom, he was able to innovate airsac Gu and engage in the guts Gu business, making Immortal Crane Sect compromise, and greatly improving his entire living environment.


 ‘If I didn’t have these, my situation might be extremely dismal just like Gu Ye’s.’ Fang Yuan sighed inwardly, while on the surface he showed a look of realization and took a step back, bowing and cupping his fists: “Brother Gu Ye, I have received your teachings.”


 Gu Ye shook his head: “Even without me speaking of these truths, you would understand it for yourself after some time. No need for thanks. Come, I will bring you to Zombie Alliance.”


 Fang Yuan followed Gu Ye to the depths of the old earth wood branches at that exquisite wood city again.


 Gu Ye flew ahead to a large plaza in the center of the wood city.


 The plaza was in ruins, from the damaged floor tiles to the surrounding destroyed flower beds and dried up fountain; one might be able to only get a glimpse of its past prosperity.


 Gu Ye and Fang Yuan stood in the center of the plaza.


 “Rise.” Gu Ye mobilized his primeval essence, the plaza’s surface instantly brightened.


 The thick and solid floor became translucent like a giant jade.


 The green jade light circulated around, shadows of countless Gu worms fluttered within the light.


 At the same time, large numbers of mortal Gu flew out of Gu Ye’s body, mostly being rank five space path Gu and rank four wood path Gu. These Gu worms flew above Fang Yuan and started to rapidly revolve like a hurricane, in the dusky surroundings, rays of brilliant light gradually appeared.


 Gu Ye continued to mobilize his primeval essence unceasingly, these flowing lights rapidly increased in number and soon created a vast bluish-green patch.


 Untold numbers of mortal Gu, under some wondrous rhythm, converged their powers, overlaying on top of one another and mutually amplifying themselves, finally forming a might display.


 “This is a top tier mortal killer move our Zombie Alliance researched, green crystal hero’s path. It can span across hundreds of thousands of li, directly connecting the old earth wood and Zombie Alliance’s garrison. You know us immortal zombies are Gu Immortals as well, our bodies are filled with dao marks, thus normal methods are unable to transport us.” Gu Ye explained at the appropriate moment.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 Immortal zombies might have weaker battle strength causing their status to lower, and their thoughts to slow down, but their accumulations and foundations still remained for the most part.


 Especially when immortal zombies are in a similar situation, they could cast aside prejudices unlike normal Gu Immortals and cooperate with each other. Thus, being able to research a peak tier mortal killer move was not strange.


 Gu Ye continued: “I looked after the myriad poison date tree in Zombie Alliance for two years before I was able to get enough contribution points to exchange for this Green Crystal Hero’s Path. Ah, right, you might be confused. Brother Sha, if you choose tasks which needs you to go outside, Zombie Alliance’s prerequisite is that you have to grasp the killer move Green Crystal Hero’s Path. Only with this can you reach Zombie Alliance at any time.”


 They did not have Fixed Immortal Travel, did not have Stargate and also did not have moving perspective cup Gu.


 Normal Gu Immortals could use connecting heaven Gu and hole earth Gu; but immortal zombies could not because of their dead apertures.


 Connecting heaven Gu and hole earth Gu were only mortal Gu, the reason they could connect between blessed lands or grotto-heavens was because the two small worlds involved would silently consume heavenly power. And an immortal zombie’s blessed land or grotto-heaven was already dead, and was unable to expend heavenly power.


 To set up connecting heaven Gu and hole earth Gu required the consent of both sides. Only with this, the immortal apertures could use heavenly power. If they were secretly set up, they would not be able to connect because of the absence of heavenly power.


 Connecting heaven Gu and hole earth Gu also could not be used if they were set up outside in the five regions.


 “Ah, so green crystal hero’s path was this important!” Hearing Gu Ye explain again, Fang Yuan showed an appropriately admiring and envious look.


 Gu Ye caught Fang Yuan’s expression and felt refreshed, the grief from the forceful transaction earlier eased up by a lot.


 Happiness often comes from comparison.


 Instantly, Gu Ye felt Fang Yuan was much more pleasing to the eyes.


 A thick green light soared to the skies from the dense dried yellow old earth branches and leaves.


 After a while, in Dark Flow City, over a hundred thousand li away, on the plaza in the southeast section, a dark green light suddenly fell down.


 The light engulfed the plaza, dying the surroundings green. Wind surged, and the hanging iron lanterns in the plaza constantly shook and squeaked.


 The light quickly disappeared, in the originally empty plaza appeared Gu Ye and Fang Yuan.


 “Let’s go, we should not stay here for long.” Gu Ye composed himself and walked forward, with Fang Yuan closely following behind.


 This giant city was named Dark Flow; it was pitch black, resembling a giant beast sprawled on the ground.


 The sun was setting to the west and there was still a source of light.


 However, every tile and brick of the giant Dark Flow City emitted a dense darkness that dyed the surroundings black.


 Especially, the closer one got to the center of Dark Flow Giant City, the denser this darkness became.


 Fang Yuan and Gu Ye walked ahead, but saw no humans in their path. The long path had street lamps erected every few hundred steps. But these street lamps let out weak dusky yellow light which only lit some dozens of steps, leaving behind long stretches of darkness in between the gaps of the street lamps, making the darkness of the giant city even more conspicuous.


 The large Dark Flow City felt like an abandoned city.


 However, there were still some faint clamoring noises coming from below the giant city.


 “This is the main headquarters of our Zombie Alliance in Northern Plains, and it is almost as large as a mountain. It is divided into seven floors; the lower five floors are the residences of mortal Gu Masters and are very bustling and clamorous. One floor above is where immortal zombies and people with some relation to us reside. The highest floor has the conference hall where three rank seven immortal zombies are stationed throughout the year.” Gu Ye gave an appropriate explanation.


 Fang Yuan nodded without being surprised.


 Zombie Alliance was not an organization that was only formed from immortal level members, but also covered mortal Gu Masters.


 These Gu Masters, for the most part, made use of dark path; raising zombies, commanding zombies and even transforming into zombies.


 The two walked for a while, arriving in front of a large hall without seeing anyone in the way.


 Tall stone statues stood on either side of the large hall, they were taller and bulkier than even Fang Yuan’s eight arm immortal zombie physique.


 Fang Yuan carefully observed them. His eyes narrowed slightly as he discovered these stone statues were not as simple as they looked.


 “You find it strange too? This is Yin Liu Gong’s immortal killer move Stone Casket, inside them are not ordinary zombies but immortal zombies.” Gu Ye said this, then said in a lower voice, “Yin Liu Gong is one of the experts of our Zombie Alliance. When the city lord left Northern Plains, they assigned three deputy city lords; he is one them and can command immortal zombies to fight for him.”


 “Yin Liu Gong...” Fang Yuan silently engraved this name to his mind.


 This name was not in his previous life’s memories. But just based on the fact Yin Liu Gong could command immortal zombies to fight, he needed to be attached importance.


 “In my previous life, my rise was a matter that occurred three to four hundred years later. And in this period of time, it was not that no outstanding characters emerged, but due to all sorts of reasons, they were washed away by the river of time.” Fang Yuan was cautious, with no hint of carelessness.


 “Come and push the door.” Gu Ye suddenly moved to the side, “So long as you can open this large door, you will have the qualifications to join Zombie Alliance.”


 Fang Yuan quietly put his two arms on the door and softly pushed, opening the door by a sliver.


 Instantly, over twenty sharp, gloomy or dull gazes followed the crack and shot towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan intentionally changed his expression slightly, then he took a deep breath and fiercely pushed open the door completely.


 Gu Ye laughed heartily while patting Fang Yuan’s shoulder: “Being able to push open this large door means you are a person of Northern Plains. Come, your timing is really exquisite, our Zombie Alliance’s meeting is held today!”



***
Chapter 740 - Nine Heavens Fragment


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent.


 White egrets flew in the sky, the weather was pleasant today.


 Three rank seven Gu Immortals who came from Combat Immortal Sect had gathered within this sky.


 “According to Immortal Monkey King’s request for help, it should be this place.” Qian Zhu Xian looked around as he said.


 He was dressed in a green robe, he had a slim figure and his eyes were dark like an abyss, as if incapable of being alarmed.


 “Although this place looks ordinary, it is evident that the grotto-heaven opening that was stated in the letter has closed up. But to check if it is really this place, we will need Divine Mother’s help.” Valley Lord Ming He, who was dressed in a white robe, looked over.


 Beside him was a female Gu Immortal.


 Beautiful and elegant, she was dressed in a golden robe and radiated majesty and dignity. She was a space path Gu Immortal, known as Divine Mother Jue Kong. Among these three, she was the oldest Gu Immortal, being over nine hundred years old.


 Divine Mother Jue Kong closed her eyes, using her mysterious method, her aura remained calm and there was not even any trace of fluctuation.


 In a short while, she opened her eyes, letting out a breath of foggy air: “It is here indeed, Starry Sky grotto-heaven is located at this place.”


 The other two immortals heard this and their spirits lifted.


 “Seven Star Child did not have much reputation back then, he actually cultivated to this extent without making a sound. In fact, his grotto-heaven even absorbed a fragment of blue heaven. Precisely because of this, Starry Sky grotto-heaven could still exist now. It is incredible.” Qian Zhu Xian sighed.


 During the Immemorial Antiquity Era, the world of Gu Masters had nine heavens in the sky.


 Red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple, white, black, they formed the immemorial nine heavens.


 But seven of the nine heavens were destroyed by Ren Zu’s children, right now, only black and white heaven were left alternating in the sky.


 Seven Star Child had a fortuitous encounter in the past, he secretly absorbed a fragment of blue heaven, this allowed his grotto-heaven to exist to this day, and not become a dead aperture due to his state.


 The immemorial nine heavens were nine different worlds.


 The immortal apertures of Gu Immortals were also worlds, worlds could swallow one another, the most famous example was treasure yellow heaven.


 Back then, treasure yellow heaven’s owner — rank eight Gu Immortal, Daoist Countless Treasures, unexpectedly obtained a fragment world of yellow heaven. Thus, after he fused it into his grotto-heaven, it formed treasure yellow heaven.


 After treasure yellow heaven was formed, it became extraordinary, and continued existing even until today.


 “Once a grotto-heaven absorbs a nine heavens fragment, the benefits are really great. Not only will they gain some unpredictable mystical power, the immortal aperture’s heavenly power would become unlimited. Furthermore, calamities and tribulations would weaken greatly, or completely vanish. If I can obtain such a fragment world, I might even wake up laughing in my sleep.” Valley Lord Ming He was full of envy.


 “Dream on, Ming He. Get your cultivation level to rank eight first. Only a grotto-heaven of a rank eight Gu Immortal can absorb a nine heavens fragment world.” Qian Zhu Xian laughed.


 Valley Lord Ming He heard this and laughed bitterly: “I want to get to rank eight too, but I have no confidence in surviving the second grand tribulation. Thinking about how rank eight Gu Immortals have to undergo a grand tribulation every fifty years, I shudder at that thought. As for the myriad tribulation that is even more terrifying than grand tribulations, I simply cannot imagine them! Maybe, only someone like Shi Lei has no fear...”


 Blessed lands had fortune, but heaven and earth was balanced, thus, once in a while, calamities and tribulations would befall.


 Rank six Gu Immortals experience an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every one hundred years. Thus, when assessing a Gu Immortal’s cultivation level, they often used the heavenly tribulation as the standard. Fang Yuan was a two heavenly tribulations expert in his previous life.


 After a rank six Gu Immortal goes through three heavenly tribulations, their blessed land would expand to another level, and they would become a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals face an earthly calamity every ten years, a heavenly tribulation every fifty years, and a grand tribulation every one hundred years. Qian Zhu Xian and Valley Lord Ming He were one grand tribulation Gu Immortals, while Divine Mother Jue Kong was a level higher than them, being at two grand tribulations cultivation level.


 As for rank eight Gu Immortals, they no longer experienced any earthly calamities, but they faced a heavenly tribulation every ten years, a grand tribulation every fifty years, and a myriad tribulation every one hundred years.


 Myriad tribulations were far more scary than heavenly tribulations, they were known as ‘hopeless myriad tribulations’ among Gu Immortals, the difficulty was extremely high.


 Thus, nine heavens fragments were much more precious.


 Because the immemorial nine heavens were a part of the large world of Gu Masters. Calamities and tribulations would only descend upon blessed lands and grotto-heavens as they were immortal aperture worlds, this did not happen in the five regions or the immemorial nine heavens.


 After the grotto-heaven devours the nine heavens fragment, in a way, they become a part of the large world of Gu Masters. This could greatly reduce the size and power of the calamities and tribulations, and the grotto-heaven would not die if the Gu Immortal dies. For example, Starry Sky grotto-heaven was still intact despite Seven Star Child already becoming an immortal zombie.


 If the nine heavens fragment that was absorbed was big, calamities and tribulations could vanish for good. For example, treasure yellow heaven had never experienced any calamities or tribulations, it was now the biggest trading area in the Gu Immortal world.


 “The benefits of absorbing a nine heavens fragment are huge. But don’t forget, this method has a weakness too. Even if you absorb just a bit of the nine heavens fragment, you will take in the aura of the greater world. Once the grotto-heaven is rooted into it, it can never be placed into your body again.” Divine Mother Jue Kong reminded them.


 Qian Zhu Xian nodded, agreeing: “Simply put, by absorbing the nine heavens fragment, the Gu Immortal loses their freedom. They can only stay inside their immortal aperture world and cannot move about in the outside world. This is truly a huge loss. But if a nine heavens fragment appears before me, I would choose it without hesitation!”


 “That’s right.” Valley Lord Ming He agreed: “Calamities and tribulations are too hard to survive, sometimes, I would want to become an immortal zombie, at least their dead lands would not experience any calamities or tribulations.”


 “Alright, handling the task is the most important matter. We purposely wasted so many days, I’m sure that Monkey King has learned his lesson.” Divine Mother Jue Kong slowly closed her eyes.


 Valley Lord Ming He fell into silence.


 Qian Zhu Xian laughed: “Heh, after we save Shi Lei, I want to see if he can still act arrogant again?”


 Divine Mother Jue Kong could no longer keep a calm aura, her golden robe fluttered as the aura of Immortal Gu burst out from her.


 “Open.” Suddenly, she opened her eyes, her gaze was sharp as it pierced a hole into the void before her.


 The hole was about the size of a man, through this hole, the three Gu Immortals could directly see the scenery inside Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 The three immortals did not speak, Qian Zhu Xian charged ahead and entered it. Next, Valley Lord Ming He entered, followed by Divine Mother Jue Kong.


 But at the next moment, the three Gu Immortals appeared in the sky again.


 “What is going on?” Qian Zhu Xian and Valley Lord Ming He showed some shock on their faces.


 Divine Mother Jue Kong’s expression was solemn, her relaxed appearance was gone as she muttered: “In is not in, out is not out, space is interchanging, swapping around... this is the mystical ability Starry Sky grotto-heaven obtained after absorbing the blue heaven fragment?”


 “Yes. Shi Lei mentioned this in his request for help as well.” Valley Lord Ming He recalled.


 “It is not strange, why would it be simple if it could trap this monkey?” Qian Zhu Xian said.


 Divine Mother Jue Kong snorted coldly: “This is only a minor problem.”


 At the same time, in Northern Plains, Zombie Alliance branch, inside Dark Flow Giant City.


 This place had densely accumulated darkness, even the clear skies could not shine any sunlight into here.


 Fang Yuan pushed open the door and was inspected by more than twenty gazes.


 He purposely showed a scared and hesitant expression as he stepped into the discussion hall.


 He paid his respects, shouting: “I am Sha Huang, greetings to my fellow brethren.”


 “Fellow brethren... you used a good phrase. We members of Zombie Alliance are in the same situation, we should help each other.” On the main seat of the discussion hall, there was an immortal zombie smiling as he said.


 He was a fatty, he was over six meters tall, just like Fang Yuan’s eight arm immortal zombie form, but he was at least three times fatter than Fang Yuan. His skin was like bronze, his stomach was like a wine vat, big and round. Not just his stomach, his face, arms, fingers, they were all extremely round.


 Fang Yuan saw him and thought of the information he had: “Flesh bronze zombie body, Yin Liu Gong...”


 Before Fang Yuan came to the Zombie Alliance, he had gotten the relevant information from Fairy Li Shan.


 Immortal zombie Gu Ye beside him thought that Fang Yuan was a newbie, he quickly paid respects: “Gu Yu pays respects to Lord Yin Liu Gong, Lord Dragon Commander Ye Cha, and Lord Huang Quan Weng.”


 Fang Yuan followed after him: “I greet Lord Yin Liu Gong, Lord Dragon Commander Ye Cha, and Lord Huang Quan Weng.”


 Saying so, he gave Gu Ye a look of gratitude.


 Gu Ye smiled at him.


 Yin Liu Gong was seated at the center seat, on his left was Dragon Commander Ye Cha, he was sitting up straight with a ruthless expression, his fangs were pale and sharp, on the right was Huang Quan Weng, he looked old and had a hunched back.


 Even though they had overflowing death energy, their rank seven aura could not be concealed.


 These three immortal zombies had true rank seven cultivation level, they were stationed in Dark Flow Giant City.


 “Sha Huang... is this your real name?” Dragon Commander Ye Cha asked, his words were like steel, once he spoke, a strong wave of killing intent burst out, making one feel as if they were in the middle of a terrifying battlefield.


 This was due to his experiences.


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha was a lone cultivator, he had joined the Imperial Court contest and had used some of the opportunities inside Imperial Court blessed land to accumulate his foundation and become a Gu Immortal.


 In other words, he had very rich battle experience, nobody dared to look down on him.


 He opened his mouth, and his tone showed his imposing nature, it made people feel like he was pressuring them heavily.


 “Of course not.” Fang Yuan laughed bitterly: “Sha Huang was the name I gave myself on the second day after I became an immortal zombie. It signified a new beginning, for me to temporarily forget my past glory. I had once sworn to heaven, only when I regain my real body and get rid of my immortal zombie status would I use my former name again.”


 Once he said that, all of the immortals in the discussion showed varying expressions.


 There was disdain, sneers, silence, sadness, but mostly, understanding.


 Fang Yuan’s current performance and his mental state was just like theirs in the past. But after so many years, their grand ambitions were gone, their hopes and desires were almost completely burnt out. They were still immortal zombies now, life had not changed for the better.


 “Alright, since Sha Huang opened the door, then he is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal. We in Zombie Alliance would be stronger with one more member. He has already proven himself. One has to know, previously, even Yao Huang did not manage to push open this door. Guh, guh guh guh...” Huang Quan Weng said as he started coughing, showing his old and weak state.



***
Chapter 741 - Immortal Zombie Discussion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Speaking of the door of the discussion hall, it had quite the origin, it was created by the founder of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 This predecessor’s name was already lost in history, but his methods were simply divine.


 The door was filled with all sorts of dao marks, some people had guessed that consumable Immortal Gu were used on it.


 Only immortal zombies in Northern Plains could be acknowledged by the door, and would be able to push it open. If it was not someone who ascended to a Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, their immortal aperture world would have the heaven and earth qi of other regions. Once their hand is placed on it, they would be repelled. If one was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, but not an immortal zombie, this door would heavier than a mountain, they would not be able to push it at all.


 Although Fang Yuan was not born in Northern Plains, after reaching Northern Plains, he had adapted to the environment and had ascended to an immortal in Northern Plains, thus this door did not hinder him at all.


 Dark Flow Giant City had expanded many times throughout history, but this door had been preserved intentionally.


 The members of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance were very confident in this door. When they heard Huang Quan Weng’s words, their gazes towards Fang Yuan became milder.


 Yin Liu Gong nodded: “Huang Quan Weng is right, you two, take a seat, you are just in time for the meeting. In addition, give Gu Ye some credit, he recommended a new member, according to the rules, he should be given three hundred contribution points.”


 Fang Yuan knew that recommending a new member had benefits, but after hearing this, he immediately turned his gaze towards Gu Ye beside him.


 Gu Ye felt ashamed when he was stared at, like he had taken major advantage.


 He pulled Fang Yuan’s arm: “Come, brother Sha, sit beside me.”


 Everyone saw this and felt a deeper impression of Fang Yuan’s ignorance.


 In the discussion hall, the immortal zombies sat nearly in a circular manner.


 Only the direction that led to the discussion hall’s door was left empty, forming a path for them to walk in and out, the other directions were filled with seats.


 These seats were not in one row, from high to low, there were three rows.


 The lowest row was for rank six immortal zombies, there were the most number of people on this row.


 The center row was for rank seven immortal zombies, only a few were present.


 The highest row was empty, it was for rank eight immortal zombies.


 Gu Ye dragged Fang Yuan with much enthusiasm towards his seat. His seat was not empty, there was a will there, the appearance of the will greatly resembled Gu Ye.


 Gu Ye waved his hand and the will entered his mind, he immediately asked Fang Yuan to sit down.


 “The meeting is not always attended in person, if we are busy, we will use a will to participate instead of our main bodies. Brother Sha, do you have wisdom path Gu worms? If you do not, I will give you one.” Gu Ye said in a low voice.


 “Of course I do.” Fang Yuan replied. He expressed ignorance in relation to Zombie Alliance, but he did not want everyone to think that he was a complete newbie.


 The effect of wisdom path Gu worms was common knowledge among Gu Immortals, he had to know them.


 Fang Yuan answered as he sat to the left of Gu Ye.


 The two seats beside Gu Ye were empty.


 There were so many seats, most of the immortal zombies were seated far from each other. Although there were more than twenty of them, most were wills, only a small number attended in person.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan and Gu Ye had sat down, Yin Liu Gong coughed: “Alright, now we will start the meeting. First, we will talk about the important affairs.”


 Saying this, he pointed at the table.


 An image was shown, a spherical figure rose up from the center, turning into a volcano.


 This volcano was quite strange, it was short like a gourd. It shook intensely, spewing lava out at times. Above the volcano, thick smoke was rumbling, almost forming a dark cloud and blocking out the sunlight.


 “The flame furnace has erupted, I’m sure everyone knows this. This is a troublesome affair, we have to settle this by suppressing it as soon as possible. The longer it is dragged out, the harder it is to deal with. Our initial assessment is, if anyone can successfully suppress the flame furnace, they will get a thousand Zombie Alliance contribution points.” Yin Liu Gong said.


 The immortal zombie began to converse with each other softly.


 Gu Ye introduced for Fang Yuan: “This flame furnace is a great place for Gu refinement, it is especially good for refining fire path Gu worms. In the history of Zombie Alliance, there was once a refinement path immortal zombie who refined Immortal Gu in the flame furnace. But for the last few hundred years, we have not seen any refinement path grandmaster in Zombie Alliance. The flame furnace was left forgotten, at most the leader only used it several times, because it was unused, it was also not maintained, thus it is erupting more regularly.”


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 Gu Ye continued: “The flame furnace is extremely hot, especially the inner core area, it is like a sea of fire. Often when the issues happen, fire path immortal zombies would go. But the fire path immortal zombie has to have some refinement path background. They have to preserve or even fix the Gu formation that was set up, otherwise, forceful suppression would destroy it, they might as well not do anything. If the mission fails, not only would they earn nothing, they might even lose out.”


 Fang Yuan mentally understood this clearly.


 They had to be of fire path cultivation and have refinement path attainment, this resulted in very few eligible people. No wonder those in the hall only discussed it for a while before keeping quiet, turning their gaze towards a certain will in the hall.


 Yin Liu Gong broke the silence, he looked at the will, saying: “In the past, leader went to suppress it personally, but now that leader is in Eastern Sea, within our Zombie Alliance, you are the most suitable person, Craftsman Huo De. Huo De, what do you think?”


 This red will thought about it before saying: “My cultivation level is too low, it is very hard to suppress the flame furnace. But if everyone agrees, I will not reject it. Except that a thousand contribution points is simply too low.”


 Yin Liu Gong nodded: “A thousand contribution points is only an initial estimation, in that case, we will raise it to one thousand and two hundred, are you willing to accept that?”


 “I am willing.” Huo De’s will said.


 “Good, now, onto the second matter.” Yin Liu Gong did not drag on, he changed the topic: “A yaksha octopus has appeared in Earth Trench, it is wrecking havoc. It is seriously affecting our extraction of the black oil. A while ago, Doctor Yin Xuan and Landlord Lei Yu were injured by this ancient desolate beast, if you can chase this beast away, you will get a thousand contribution points. If you can kill this beast, you will be given two thousand contribution points.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and his heart jumped.


 The treasure that he wanted to take was deep within Earth Trench, and was guarded by a group of yaksha octopuses.


 This treasure was the reason why he joined Northern Plains Zombie Alliance now.


 In the circular area, the image of the volcano changed, it became an octopus monster, roaming around in Earth Trench. Large numbers of tentacles were moving around, causing waves in the thick black oil.


 Seeing this, the discussion hall became much quieter.


 It was not easy to deal with an ancient desolate beast.


 Not only did ancient desolate beasts have rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength, the immortal zombie themselves were inferior to ordinary Gu Immortals, they had much to worry about. An intense battle carried great risks. If they could not gain something, they would return with a huge loss. Even if they won, they would need to weigh it with their condition before battling.


 Winning the battle, but losing out in terms of profits, they might as well not fight.


 All of the immortal zombies here were astute.


 Seeing no answers, Yin Liu Gong turned his head towards Dragon Commander Ye Cha beside him: “Dragon Commander, this yaksha octopus is compatible with your business, why don’t you take on this task?”


 But Dragon Commander Ye Cha shook his head, rejecting on the spot: “I’ll not hide it from you, I received Qin Bai Sheng’s invitation and have planned to attend the auction. There are some items in the auction that I have been searching for years. Now is a crucial time, I cannot take the risk. But I am willing to hand out an additional six hundred contribution points to this mission.”


 Once he said that, many of the rank six immortal zombies’ eyes flashed.


 Killing this yaksha octopus was not easy for rank six immortal zombies. But to force it to retreat, it would not be difficult for several rank six immortal zombies teaming up.


 But this mission only awarded a thousand contribution points earlier, when split among them, it was too little. Now that Dragon Commander Ye Cha took out six hundred contribution points on his own, some people were moved.


 Battling with an ancient desolate beast was risky undoubtedly, but as long as the benefits were enough, risks were not an obstacle.


 Immediately, three groups of people stated that they could accept this mission. The first two groups were alliances of rank six immortal zombies. The third was a single rank seven immortal zombie.


 After some negotiations, this mission was taken by the rank seven immortal zombie.


 Seeing that this troublesome mission was taken by someone, Yin Liu Gong sighed in relief mentally: “Next is the last mission, it involves the Red Fiend Divine Boat.”


 “Red Fiend Divine Boat?” Fang Yuan’s gaze shined, he quickly thought of that glorious and huge flying boat that charged freely in the battlefield during the five regions chaotic war.


 Gu Ye beside him explained softly: “You just joined Zombie Alliance, it is normal that you do not know. Red Fiend Divine Boat is a famous Immortal Gu House in history, it is very powerful. Earlier, a Northern Plains lone cultivator coincidentally obtained the entire recipe for the Red Fiend Divine Boat, but because he did not have the ability to refine it, he tried selling it everywhere. Leader tried to buy this boat’s recipe, paying a huge price and buying about half of this recipe.”


 Fang Yuan thought: This Northern Plains Zombie Alliance leader had quite the ambition.


 Immortal Gu Houses were more complete than immortal killer moves, they were the symbol of super forces.


 Basically, every super force owned an Immortal Gu House.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s leader wanted to obtain an Immortal Gu House, that was obviously an intention to elevate this branch to the level of a super force.


 “We encountered some problems.” Yin Liu Gong said in a low tone: “The Gu Immortal who sold the Divine Boat’s recipe broke the agreement and did not want to deal with us anymore. He wants to sell the Red Fiend Divine Boat’s recipe and the core Immortal Gu’s recipe in the auction for a good price. How will Zombie Alliance deal with this problem?”


 The immortal zombies started discussing again.


 “The auction again! These recent days, I have been extorted many times, all because of this auction.” An immortal zombie was full of grievance, but it was not Gu Ye.


 “This Gu Immortal has quite the guts, merely a lone cultivator but actually breaking the agreement with our Zombie Alliance.”


 “Kill him, we have to kill him, otherwise if news spread, all of our Zombie Alliance’s face will be lost!”


 “Although Zombie Alliance is weaker than a super force, lone cultivators have no place to bully us.”


 The immortal zombies shouted, most wanted to battle.


 Fang Yuan nodded secretly, although immortal zombies had much to worry about, when huge benefits were involved, they would still dare to fight it out. But he did not favor Zombie Alliance’s chances, because in his previous life, the force who controlled the Red Fiend Divine Boat was not them.



***
Chapter 742 - Earth Trench Black Oil


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The lone cultivator who sold the complete recipe for the Red Fiend Divine Boat was only rank six without any background.


 Eventually, the Zombie Alliance decided to send a rank seven immortal zombie and two rank six immortal zombies to search for this person, in order to maintain Zombie Alliance’s reputation. Of course, the most important reason was to obtain the complete recipe of the Red Fiend Divine Boat.


 But in truth, Zombie Alliance had already gotten most of it, only the few remaining core Immortal Gu recipes and the secret methods on how to coordinate the Gu worms were left.


 Flame furnace, Earth Trench, Red Fiend Divine Boat, after these three matters were settled, the atmosphere in the discussion hall was relaxed.


 Yin Liu Gong continued, pointing at the table: “Next, we will talk about other matters.”


 His finger tapped the table, emitting a buzzing noise.


 The immortal zombies looked at the formerly empty space, as the image changed again, turning into four huge pillars. On each of the pillars, there were lines of words moving around.


 “Are there still any missions that have not been reported by everyone?” Yin Liu Gong said.


 Everyone looked around, no one stood up.


 Missions could be turned in at any time, they did not need to wait until a meeting.


 Gu Ye did not want to do the mission of guarding old earth wood, but the time limit was not up yet, handing in the mission early would cause some of his contribution points to be deducted.


 “Very well, now you can put up your own requests.” Yin Liu Gong said.


 Once he said that, the entire discussion hall became heated. Voices overlapped each other, they were talking about Gu recipes for Gu refinement, collecting certain materials, appraising a certain Gu worm, getting information on certain matters, all sorts of requests were put up, with varying content.


 Fang Yuan spoke too, he wanted to ask for a method to get rid of his immortal zombie status, a method that could revive him.


 This caused much laughter around him.


 “Brother Sha, you have not made an oath yet, you do not have a Zombie Alliance token yet, without contribution points, how can you put up a mission?” Gu Ye reminded him.


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan frowned.


 “Don’t be anxious, after the meeting ends, I will bring you to get your new identity token. This token can record all of the contributions you have done for the alliance. Furthermore, your request is the request of all of us immortal zombies, you do not need to purchase it specially. Look at the few missions at the top.” Gu Ye pointed at the ever-changing image.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned around, and he saw that at the top of the mission board, there were several missions. One of them had much larger font than the rest.


 “Selling the research results of how to get rid of the zombie status and regain life through generations of work in Zombie Alliance.” Fang Yuan read it.


 “There are prices stated there, but even the smallest research results need twenty contribution points.” Gu Ye was very familiar with this information.


 In truth, every immortal zombie was very familiar with the details of this mission.


 What was the reason most immortal zombies joined Zombie Alliance?


 Was it not to find a method to get rid of their immortal zombie status and revive themselves?


 The reason for creating Zombie Alliance was also to research on how to revive immortal zombies.


 “Brother Gu, are there any immortal zombies in Zombie Alliance who have revived due to these research findings?” Fang Yuan asked again.


 “According to rumors, there seems to be cases of it.” Gu Ye said in an uncertain tone.


 “Seems to be?” Fang Yuan frowned.


 “You have to know, a lot of the research findings here are priced at a thousand contribution points or more to exchange them. After you join the alliance, you have to sign an agreement and will not be allowed to sell these research findings on your own.” Gu Ye laughed bitterly as he said.


 He saw Fang Yuan frowning even more deeply, stating: “You do not need to worry too much, at least I can guarantee that these findings are not fake. I had exchanged for one of them previously, it had great use. If you can obtain these findings, you will be able to step on the foundation of these predecessors, you will save much effort.”


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 Zombie Alliance was an organization that responded to the mentality of the members. By using the research findings as the bait to keep the members working, almost no immortal zombies could stay away.


 Even if the immortal zombie exchanges for many findings, as long as they have not revived, they would still need to work for Zombie Alliance.


 The most amazing thing was that Zombie Alliance preserved some hope for the immortal zombies — even if this research finding did not work, maybe the next one could help them to revive?


 Fang Yuan did not need to ponder upon it to know that the prices would be extremely high, they had to use an immense amount of contribution points to exchange for most of the research findings.


 “But thankfully, the inheritance in Earth Trench was left behind by a great expert immortal zombie. There are research findings inside for the rebirth of immortal zombies as well. In my previous life, because Northern Plains’ immortal zombies obtained this, their battle strength surged rapidly. In fact, for a period of time, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance closed themselves away from the rest of the regions, it was even more powerful than the main branch, Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.”


 The reason why Fang Yuan entered Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was to obtain that inheritance.


 Fang Yuan had little interest in working hard normally and accumulating contribution points slowly in order to exchange for the research findings in Zombie Alliance.


 After all, the time and effort expended was too much.


 After a while, the discussion hall became silent again.


 All the immortal zombies had put up their missions and stated the contribution points for them. Everyone’s gazes were fixed on the image in front of them, some were looking around while others were thinking.


 Yin Liu Gong continued to direct the meeting: “We will now issue missions. Do it one by one, do not be noisy. First, it will be the mission of feeding the ancient desolate beast half moon qilin in Zombie Alliance.”


 “I’ll do it!”


 “I’ll take this mission.”


 “Mm, I want to compete for this mission.”


 The moment Yin Liu Gong spoke, several immortal zombies responded, fighting for this mission.


 Gu Ye explained to Fang Yuan softly: “The half moon qilin is an ancient desolate beast, it is not easy to feed. But its pregnancy period is about to end, it is going to give birth to a half moon qilin soon. These young qilin are born as desolate beasts. As they grow up, they would develop into ancient desolate beast half moon qilin. Many members in Zombie Alliance are trying to take advantage of this. They want to be close to the young qilin to gain an advantage, making it their own, and establish a strong relationship between them before paying the contribution points.”


 “So that is it.” Fang Yuan understood, so this was the reason. No wonder so many people were fighting over the mission, after all, the half moon qilin would grow into an ancient desolate beast after maturing, it had battle strength equivalent to rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Even Fang Yuan was slightly moved.


 But he was only moved, he had just arrived and had a secret motive. Blindly contesting now would attract unnecessary animosity and attention, it was not good for him.


 Regarding the half moon qilin’s feeding, everyone fought over it intensely. Eventually, Yin Liu Gong lowered the contribution points of this mission to three hundred, before some people gave up and the sole winner emerged.


 Feeding the half moon qilin was not an easy task. Sometimes, when the qilin has a bad temper, ordinary rank six immortal zombies could not handle it, they might even get injured.


 Most importantly, when the qilin is pregnant, it would feel great pain, it would damage the surroundings to divert its attention. This was a dangerous process, just three hundred contribution points made many immortal zombies back out.


 And even if the half moon qilin was born, the immortal zombie feeding it would only be the first to establish a relationship. This was only a head start, when they truly competed for it later, they would still need to bid a high price.


 After the mission of feeding the half moon qilin, was a mission to gather ruyi fungus.


 “Ruyi fungus’ collection area is between Zombie Alliance and Liu tribe. Every year, when the ruyi fungus ripes, the two forces would split them. But because Liu tribe’s power is bigger, they would take advantage of us. The difficulty of this mission is on that point, an immortal zombie with high cultivation level is needed to hold the ground, but they cannot be too overbearing.” Gu Ye explained.


 With Gu Ye beside him, it was much more convenient for Fang Yuan.


 This mission was also quite popular, it fell into the hands of Granny Yuan.


 This immortal zombie old lady not only had rank seven cultivation level, she was also closely related to Liu tribe. With her presence, Liu tribe would not go overboard.


 “Next is a request from the super force Yao tribe, they want us to provide another immortal zombie for Yao Huang to do research, to improve his healing Immortal Gu. The remuneration for this request is quite a sum.” Yin Liu Gong said.


 Seeing this mission, most of the immortal zombies showed an indescribable expression on their faces.


 Letting someone else do research on them, it was quite hurtful to one’s pride, they would lose face. But on the other hand, the researcher was Yao Huang, one of the five great rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains. Furthermore, the reward for this mission was truly profitable.


 Everyone looked around, they did not speak.


 Yin Liu Gong expected this scene, he smiled lightly as he looked at Fang Yuan: “I wonder if Sha Huang is interested in this mission?”


 Fang Yuan immediately shook his head, giving a forced smile: “I have no interest.”


 He had too many secrets on him, simply the two apertures alone could not be easily exposed.


 Yin Liu Gong nodded, no longer urging him. But his intention, other than to probe Fang Yuan’s personality and foundation, was to induce some of the other immortal zombies to make a move.


 As he expected, soon, several immortal zombies spoke up, wanting to accept this mission.


 These few people competed, but their voices were not loud, they spoke softly with expressionless faces, after all, being used as research material was very damaging to one’s reputation.


 Gu Ye was beside Fang Yuan, explaining this to him.


 Fang Yuan knew the situation of these immortal zombies, they were those bottom-tier immortal zombies, because they were stuck between reputation and benefits, they chose the latter.


 The following missions were of all different aspects, there was a huge number of different missions.


 There was a mission requesting the super force Yuan tribe to return an Immortal Gu, back then, Zombie Alliance’s leader had loaned an Immortal Gu to Yuan tribe. Before the leader went to Eastern Sea, she instructed them to urge Yuan tribe to return the Immortal Gu.


 But Yuan tribe had long exceeded the loan period, yet they refused to return it. Zombie Alliance would send members there every year to request for it, but they had always ended in failure. Not only did Yuan tribe find excuses for themselves, they even chased away Zombie Alliance members using force when the situation escalated.


 Initially, no immortal zombie wanted to take this mission, Yin Liu Gong had to raise the contribution points and it was finally accepted by someone.


 There were also requests for purchasing glass soil and diamond soil, missions to capture beast groups or collect souls. The final mission was related to Fang Yuan, it came from Fairy Li Shan who was looking for souls everywhere for the production of guts Gu, she even went to Zombie Alliance.


 The most popular mission was to enter deep into Earth Trench and collect black oil.


 Black oil was extremely helpful to immortal zombies. Spreading the black oil in the dead aperture could slow the speed of the disintegration of the blessed land. In the outside world, or to other Gu Immortals, it was a very useful Gu refinement material that was widely used, it had a huge market.


 Black oil from Earth Trench was the most important trading item in Zombie Alliance, it was akin to the sale of guts Gu for Fang Yuan.


 But the scale of the black oil trade was much larger than the guts Gu trade.


 Every time immortal zombies went deep into the Earth Trench to extract black oil, other than handing up the amount required by the mission, they would keep the rest for themselves. Thus, the profit of this mission was publicly recognized as among the best for immortal zombies.


 As a result, almost everyone fought for this mission.


 Fang Yuan wanted to compete for it as well, if he could enter Earth Trench through this and secretly take that inheritance, it would be ideal.


 But it was a pity that he had just arrived, he did not have the Zombie Alliance token yet, it was not wise or realistic to fight for it blindly. Furthermore, this mission had a time limit too, Fang Yuan was busy with the auction and Refinement Path Convention, he did not have time to deal with this mission.


 Eventually, this mission was taken by three immortal zombies.


 In winning the three spots on this mission, not only would these three victors not have any contribution points as rewards, they even had to pay several hundred contribution points to Zombie Alliance.


 From this, one could see how profitable the extraction of black oil was.



***
Chapter 743 - Harboring Malicious Heart


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Black oil is valuable in itself, but as it can delay the shrinking of blessed lands, its value is a level higher to immortal zombies.” Fang Yuan pondered inwardly, he was also coveting the black oil.


 His blessed land was constantly disintegrating and a lot of space inside had already dissipated. Black oil was similarly useful to him.


 However, he needed to go through Zombie Alliance to get this black oil.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s main headquarters, Dark Flow Giant City, was located above the entrance of Earth Trench and they used much of the alliance’s strength to guard this entrance.


 Zombie Alliance sent large amounts of black oil out every year, but they had fixed quantities sold for this. There were few goods but the demands were high, it was completely a seller’s market like the business of guts Gu, thus Fang Yuan could not meddle in this aspect.


 He had allied with Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, but their force was too small and could not match with super forces.


 “So I need to make my move from inside Zombie Alliance, accepting this task is one way.” Fang Yuan engraved the mission of gathering black oil in his mind.


 The conference continued. The conference hall had dim lighting, even if most of the over twenty immortal zombies had participated with their wills, it still seemed dark and gloomy.


 The whole conference continued for close to a day and a night; Fang Yuan participated in the whole process, roughly understanding the position of Zombie Alliance in Northern Plains.


 Roughly speaking, Zombie Alliance’s position in Northern Plains was only slightly lower than super forces. But from the missions, one could see the righteous path super forces were clearly in tacit agreement to suppress Zombie Alliance. Zombie Alliance had a much more cooperative relationship with demonic path Gu Immortals, especially with Snowy Mountain blessed land, a demonic path headquarters in Northern Plains.


 Zombie Alliance could be considered both a righteous and a demonic force.


 This position was related to the higher ups. Zombie Alliance’s higher ups were all immortal zombies. There were almost no immortal zombies that did not want to regain their living states. These immortal zombies came from all walks of life with all sorts of identities when they were alive, and after death, they gathered for similar purposes.


 As long as it was related to the goal of revival, Zombie Alliance would be interested and do everything possible to get it. This infringed upon many of the righteous path’s interests, and many methods that could not be exposed openly in the righteous path, Zombie Alliance also frequently used.


 This led to another characteristic of Zombie Alliance, they had a lot of members but they also had a loose structure.


 There were over twenty immortal zombie level members in Zombie Alliance, even Snowy Mountain blessed land could not compare to this amount. Even if immortal zombies were weaker than living Gu Immortals, over twenty of them was a great power, and if they were to truly be united, they would have already been a super level force.


 However, Zombie Alliance’s barrier for entry was low, this could be seen from Fang Yuan’s admission to the alliance. The immortal zombies had varying origins and it was very difficult for them to be united.


 This was the reason there were many cases of immortal zombies being extorted by Gu Immortals recently.


 After the conference ended, Fang Yuan left behind a malicious will in the conference hall. He then followed Gu Ye to another hall, where he received his Zombie Alliance token.


 This token not only represented his identity, it also recorded Fang Yuan’s contributions to Zombie Alliance.


 Besides the token, there was also a set of information path mortal Gu used to transmit information of tasks from Zombie Alliance, information about new members or members leaving the alliance, or important information like the death of the members.


 Gu Ye wanted to take his leave, and suggested for Fang Yuan to stroll around Dark Flow Giant City. Now that Fang Yuan had the token, he could freely move around Dark Flow Giant City.


 However, Fang Yuan did not let go of him and dragged him around, walking and chatting, probing out some information from him.


 Fang Yuan focused on inquiring about the leader of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 She was a female immortal zombie called Blazing Heaven Demoness, her cultivation was rank eight and her behavior was tyrannical and rampant. Her battle strength was especially prominent.


 Fang Yuan asked how it was prominent and Gu Ye replied one sentence which allowed Fang Yuan to understand — “Her lifespan had not reached its end, but she intentionally turned into an immortal zombie just to break through.”


 Most immortal zombies were Gu Immortals that were on their last breaths and had no other choice.


 Naturally, there was many other methods other than to turn into immortal zombie for Gu Immortals on their last breaths. Like wood path Gu Immortals turning into treemen.


 However, these methods often had limitations. For instance, strength path Gu Immortals and fire path Gu Immortals could not turn into treemen.


 Turning into an immortal zombie was the most common method which could be done by Gu Immortals of every path.


 This Blazing Heaven Demoness was not someone who had no choice but to turn into an immortal zombie, instead she had done it intentionally. It was to make a breakthrough and increase her battle strength.


 If one thought just a bit: What was the extent of the increase in battle strength, the extent of the breakthrough, that made Blazing Heaven Demoness not hesitate to turn into an immortal zombie?


 Clearly, the extent of this breakthrough was sure to be extremely high and shocking.


 “There is a rumor going around Zombie Alliance, it is said that the leader already has a method to revive.” In the midst of the conversation, Gu Ye lowered his voice and carefully told Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 This rumor was not groundless, since she turned into an immortal zombie of her own accord, who is to say she did not have a method to revive herself.


 Fang Yuan was able to extract much useful information from Gu Ye. Combined with the information Fairy Li Shan gave him and his own experiences, Fang Yuan was able to quickly gain a rough idea of Zombie Alliance.


 Gu Ye still had the mission of guarding old earth wood, and finally bade farewell to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan also left soon after, before leaving, he climbed high and looked at the giant gully being guarded below Dark Flow Giant City.


 The giant gully was like the bloody mouth of a vicious beast, quietly opening up in the dense darkness. This was the entrance of Earth Trench which was strictly guarded by Zombie Alliance; Yin Liu Gong, Dragon Commander Ye Cha and Huang Quan Weng, three rank seven immortal zombies took turns in watching over it.


 Fang Yuan was using hundred li eye to observe this clearly.


 He knew that following deep into this entrance, the gully would expand by tens of times and even hundreds of times. Earth Trench was extremely grand, with such large space that it would not be a problem to contain innumerable Dark Flow Giant Cities. It was also extremely deep and dark, Zombie Alliance still had not explored its true depths.


 “One day, I will explore deep inside and take the inheritance, adding it to my foundation for a much brighter future. But now is not the time.” Fang Yuan inwardly said.


 Even if he had not transformed into an immortal zombie, he would have tried all sorts of methods to get this inheritance.


 Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, his body rapidly rose higher and left Dark Flow Giant City like a large bird.


 After flying a huge distance, Fang Yuan finally left the darkness covering Dark Flow Giant City and saw the bright sunlight again.


 He changed his direction and flew high up in the sky before he finally confirmed there were no pursuers. Only then did he land down in an inconspicuous forest, arranged mortal Gu and activated Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Jade green light flashed and he disappeared from the spot.


 The mortal Gu left behind moved about, removing as many traces of the Immortal Gu aura as possible.


 Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land. While waiting for news from Fairy Li Shan’s end, he started researching the wisdom path killer move — Harboring Malicious Heart.


 This mortal killer move was not meant for attacking. Instead, it used wisdom path methods to transform a Gu Immortal’s heart, causing the heart to be filled with wisdom path dao marks inside and out, turning into a ‘malicious heart’.


 If it succeeded, not only could it use one’s blood essence to automatically create large numbers of malicious wills, it could also reduce the amount of malicious wills consumed by a large extent when Fang Yuan used them to ponder.


 Unfortunately, this mortal killer move might be good but it fit a normal Gu Immortal. Fang Yuan was a strength path immortal zombie, his heart was already filled with strength path dao marks and he was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal. The crucial point was his physical body was already dead, and was unable to nourish malicious will with his blood essence, even transforming his heart into a malicious heart was an enormous barrier.


 Although Fang Yuan could not use the killer move harboring malicious heart, he was able to gain much inspiration from its workings. In particular, the inner contents of the killer move had several similarities to a killer move Fang Yuan obtained previously.


 This killer move was poison breath, which he obtained from Fairy Li Shan.


 Poison breath killer move could let poisonous breath be emitted each time one breathed, and as it accumulated, it could injure enemies. And harboring malicious heart could let every heartbeat transform blood essence into malicious will. There were indeed similarities between the two.


 “I am not a poison path Gu Immortal, and I am lacking in a wisdom path foundation, but since there is a common point, I might as well use wisdom Gu to test it.”


 Northern Plains, Feng Xian grotto-heaven.


 In the guest hall, the rank eight Gu Immortal, Prince Feng Xian, was sitting upright, while Fairy Li Shan and Qin Bai Sheng bowed, requesting to leave.


 “Go. I have many Immortal Gu that do not suit my path and need to be exchanged in the auction. You both are holding a good event for Northern Plains, preventing many fights and massacres, very good.” Prince Feng Xian allowed them to leave, his tone full of encouragement.


 “Lord Prince being unable to be present at the auction is truly a matter of regret for all of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals.” Fairy Li Shan flattered.


 Prince Feng Xian shook his head: “There is nothing to be done about it. I was mediating the heaven and earth qi in my immortal aperture when I was forced to come out because of the Immortal Gu. Now, it is the crucial time to manage my immortal aperture world, I cannot go out. But when the time comes, I will send someone to represent me. You Lan, send them off.”


 Two attendants were standing beside Prince Feng Xian, these two were actually rank six female Gu Immortals.


 One was cool and refined like ice and snow, the other was delicate and beautiful, like a yellow flower in a lush valley.


 At Prince Feng Xian’s command, that cool and aloof female Gu Immortal stood up and first bowed to Prince Feng Xian, before saying to Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan: “Guests, please follow.”


 “We have troubled Swordmaster You Lan.” Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan did not dare to be conceited, and quickly replied.


 This Swordmaster You Lan was famous in Northern Plains. She cultivated sword path, and though her cultivation was only at rank six, her battle strength was very strong and moreover, she had grandmaster attainment in sword path.


 Swordmaster You Lan led the two in silence. The three walked along a long corridor and through several doors before they finally stepped out of the entrance of the grotto-heaven and returned to the world of Northern Plains.


 “Swordmaster You Lan, please stay, you don’t need to send us off any longer.” Qin Bai Sheng politely said. His cultivation level and battle strength were higher than Swordmaster You Lan, but the latter had one of the few rank eight Gu Immortals of Northern Plains behind her, he naturally would not be arrogant.


 Swordmaster You Lan nodded and closed the entrance of the grotto-heaven.


 Once the entrance was closed, there was no strangeness in the sky and there was no difference between the sky and the surroundings.


 Fairy Li Shan let out a breath of cloudy air: “We have paid visit to five rank eight powers and also came to an agreement with all of them using mountain pledge Gu, and have successfully invited them. Now, the situation is set, the auction is a certain event.”


 “It is all thanks to fairy’s mountain pledge Gu.” Qin Bai Sheng with a smiling expression.


 Saying this, he took out an Immortal Gu and handed it to Fairy Li Shan.


 “As per the agreement, this is the remuneration to fairy.” Qin Bai Sheng said with sincerity and gratitude.


 Fairy Li Shan was moved, the auction had yet to start, but Qin Bai Sheng already gave the remuneration to her in advance. Even though Fairy Li Shan had seen a lot and had done dealings with all sorts of Gu Immortals, right now, she could not help but inwardly praise Qin Bai Sheng’s social conduct.



***
Chapter 744 - Vaguely Familiar Face


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Then I shall not stand on ceremony.” Fairy Li Shan laughed, receiving the Immortal Gu.


 She inspected it and placed the Immortal Gu into her immortal aperture: “This matter has been settled, we should split up and meet half a month later.”


 Half a month later was the agreed date to hold the auction. The location was in Qin Bai Sheng’s Bai Sheng blessed land, it was situated inside Crimson Reed Marsh.


 The two immortals went their separate ways on the spot, choosing different directions as they flew.


 Not mentioning Fairy Li Shan, who was using moving perspective cup Gu to contact Fang Yuan while she traveled right now. After Fairy Li Shan and Qin Bai Sheng left, someone appeared in the entrance hall of Feng Xian grotto-heaven.


 This person was dressed in a red and white robe, standing straight like a spear or sword. His eyebrows were sharp like swords, a divine light was flashing in his eyes, under his amicable appearance, he was unbelievably self-confident, he had the disposition of a roaming, fierce dragon.


 His lips were curled up into a gentle smile, he was very gentlemanly but also domineering. His arms were behind his back, he faced the rank eight Prince Feng Xian with no pressure on his face, as if they were of equal status.


 But from his unconcealed aura, he was merely a rank seven Gu Immortal. Even Qin Bai Sheng could not help but lower his head when facing Prince Feng Xian.


 Prince Feng Xian looked at this person as his attitude also changed, he was no longer mildly arrogant like when he faced Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan, he really acted as if the two were of the same level.


 This rank eight Gu Immortal spoke: “Feng Jiu Ge, have you really decided to take my place and join this auction?”


 The rank seven Gu Immortal dressed in a red and white robe smiled as he nodded: “That is exactly the case.”


 Prince Feng Xian frowned: “You became an immortal in Central Continent, the heaven and earth qi of your immortal aperture world come from Central Continent, it is different from Northern Plains. There are powerful experts going to the auction, even rank eight Gu Immortals will be present. If you are discovered, it would be terrible. You have to know, all of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals are furious right now, they are trying to find the culprit who caused the downfall of Imperial Court blessed land. Before Dong Fang Chang Fan died, he deduced that the culprit is not from Northern Plains, but from the other regions. If your identity as a Central Continent Gu Immortal is discovered at this time, it will have huge implications.”


 When Prince Feng Xian said this, he did not hide it from the two Gu Immortal attendants. The two female Gu Immortals, including Swordmaster You Lan, had no change in expression when they heard this.


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed brightly: “Prince, don’t be anxious, look at my method.”


 Saying so, a bright light flashed on his body, as his appearance changed.


 Prince Feng Xian gasped lightly, while Swordmaster You Lan, who had a cold attitude, stared with wide opened eyes. The other female Gu Immortal, named Le Yao, opened her mouth as she looked repeatedly between her female companion and Feng Jiu Ge.


 It turns out, Feng Jiu Ge transformed into an exact copy of Swordmaster You Lan, he resembled her perfectly, as if they were twins.


 “What method is this?” Prince Feng Xian smiled, praising: “Not only is the outer appearance flawless, you even disguised your dao marks, they really resemble sword path dao marks. Your aura is also no different from any Northern Plains Gu Immortal.”


 “This is vaguely familiar face.” Feng Jiu Ge said the answer.


 “So that’s it, no wonder, no wonder.” Prince Feng Xian realized, he then exclaimed: “Only Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could produce something so mystical and breathtaking.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded: “Unfamiliar face, vaguely familiar face, and familiar face, this series of killer moves originated from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. The former is a mortal killer move, it is nothing much. Vaguely familiar face is an immortal killer move with three Immortal Gu as the core, among them are two transformation path Immortal Gu, when used, deception will truly be hard to tell.”


 “I obtained this killer move long ago in a chance encounter, but it has a flaw, that is, I need acting skills. If I act poorly, my tone could expose flaws in my transformation.”


 “As for familiar face killer move, there is no such flaw. Even if the acting is not precise, others will not feel sudden strangeness, it can even affect other people’s perceptions and mentalities. Even if you transform into a non-existent person, others will still feel like you are their friend or acquaintance.”


 Feng Jiu Ge explained.


 The immortals realized now why Feng Jiu Ge transformed into Swordmaster You Lan out of everyone here. That was because this woman barely spoke normally, there was not much acting skill needed to disguise as her.


 Prince Feng Xian nodded over and over: “Rank nine venerables are all incredible geniuses, their methods are out of this world. With this move, I will not be afraid of you getting exposed.”


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed arrogantly: “Even if I get exposed, who can stop me from leaving?”


 Prince Feng Xian thought about a few days ago when he sparred with Feng Jiu Ge, he could not help but smile, praising: “That is true, your immortal killer move has incredible power, even I, a rank eight Gu Immortal, would not want to take the hit directly. Feng Jiu Ge, your reputation is well deserved, you really have the power to roam freely in this world.”


 Feng Jiu Ge cupped his fists, speaking with sincerity: “It is nothing compared to senior brother and junior sisters, you chose to ascend to immortal in Northern Plains for the sake of Spirit Affinity House’s major task, staying hidden here for hundreds of years, I am truly full of admiration towards you.”


 Prince Feng Xian’s expression turned dark, he clenched his fist as he said: “It is a pity that someone used our methods before I activated our plans, taking the fruits of our labor. This is definitely the doing of someone in the ten ancient sects, don’t let me find out who it is, otherwise... hmph.”


 The truth was, the great Prince Feng Xian, one of the few rank eight experts in Northern Plains, was actually a spy sent by Spirit Affinity House!


 Spirit Affinity House made a huge move.


 In order to set up Prince Feng Xian, Spirit Affinity House undoubtedly gave up a lot of benefits in Central Continent, if Spirit Affinity House had one more rank eight Gu Immortal stationed in Central Continent, they would be able to fight for more benefits when contesting with the other nine sects.


 But Spirit Affinity House was the leader of the plan to topple Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, to complete this plan, they had to send Prince Feng Xian to Northern Plains.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Prince Feng Xian might have made many contributions and provided much help for the Central Continent Gu Immortals to destroy Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. But in this life, Prince Feng Xian had not done anything yet and the plan was already ruined.


 The culprit of this matter, the immortal zombie Fang Yuan, was already in Lang Ya blessed land.


 He borrowed mountain pledge Immortal Gu.


 Of course, he borrowed it for a fee.


 Fang Yuan paid Fairy Li Shan three immortal essence stones for this.


 Three was an extremely good deal due to their relationship, if it were another person, Fairy Li Shan would not casually lend it even if they paid ten immortal essence stones.


 Lending Immortal Gu carried risk.


 There was an example right here, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s leader, Blazing Heaven Demoness, lent Yuan tribe an Immortal Gu. Blazing Heaven Demoness was out in Eastern Sea, thus Yuan tribe had been holding onto this Immortal Gu, refusing to return it to Zombie Alliance, who had been asking every year.


 After using mountain pledge Gu to make an agreement with Lang Ya land spirit, more than ten coffins emerged from the cloud soil with a cry from Lang Ya land spirit.


 These coffins were oozing with immortal auras, they were pure white as clouds, on the surface there were clouds forming and breaking down, it was the manifestation of a certain immortal killer move.


 After opening the coffin, the sleeping Gu Immortal could be seen inside.


 In each coffin, there was a Gu Immortal captive. A total of thirteen coffins, that was thirteen Gu Immortals!


 Even though Fang Yuan was mentally prepared, after seeing this number, he was still shocked.


 “So many captives?” Fang Yuan opened his eyes wide, he displayed a somewhat exaggerated expression.


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed smugly, he loved to see Fang Yuan shocked, he shook his head as he said: “Who am I? Think about it! These Gu Immortals were simply courting death, they dared to attack my blessed land. Selling them is the punishment they deserve.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Lang Ya land spirit deeply.


 On the surface, there were only twelve desolate beasts in Lang Ya blessed land. To defend against the three waves of attacks from a mysterious force, the group of desolate beasts was insufficient. Lang Ya land spirit’s true methods were likely to be his prized Immortal Gu collection.


 “I have some ideas, the number of Immortal Gu in Lang Ya blessed land definitely exceeds the number of Immortal Gu I have. Also, it seems that among his Immortal Gu, or among the immortal killer moves that Lang Ya land spirit owns, at least one of them has the ability to capture Gu Immortals.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Such a number of captives was not normal.


 Most of the Gu Immortals who attacked were captured, only a small number died from battle.


 Fang Yuan looked at the coffins one by one.


 He saw some familiar faces, like the three Hua Hai immortals, Loner Hong Yu, and Gui Wang. As for the others, Lang Ya land spirit introduced them to him, there was the metal path Gu Immortal Tie Jia Zi, enslavement path Gu Immortal Great Immortal Xue Xiong, wood path Gu Immortal Mu Dian Cang, a famous lone cultivator in Northern Plains, Carefree Four Sages, and a rank seven Gu Immortal, Wu Hao, known as Rushing Thunder Hand, he had rank seven middle-tier battle strength.


 Fang Yuan’s horizons were broadened, be it his previous life or this life, this was the first time he had seen so many captives of such strength gathered together.


 It was as if the Gu Immortals were not worth anything, they were like cabbage sold in the market.


 Fang Yuan’s joy gradually faded, and he showed some worry and solemness.


 To be able to gather such power and attack Lang Ya blessed land multiple times, this mysterious force hidden behind the scenes made Fang Yuan’s heart shudder.


 “The moment I sell them, I will become a thorn in that mysterious force’s sight.” Fang Yuan touched the coffin as he sighed.


 But before such huge profits, no matter how strong the mysterious force was, Fang Yuan had decided to do it.


 He was not someone afraid of trouble, someone afraid to take risks.


 He was a person in the demonic path, he was a risk taker.


 If he chose to not take the risk, that meant that the benefits related to that risk were not enough to move him.


 Fang Yuan asked Lang Ya land spirit: “You had interrogated them intensely, using many methods, did you have no gains from it?”


 Lang Ya land spirit waved his hand: “None. These Gu Immortals were gathered due to various reasons. There were three crucial people who contacted them and organized the attack, while also providing information on Lang Ya blessed land. But these three Gu Immortals have already died in battle, even though I controlled my attacks, I could not stop their deaths. After they died, the situation became a little strange, their souls perished completely, I could not even find a fragment of their souls.”


 Towards the end, Lang Ya land spirit gradually frowned.


 Fang Yuan frowned as well, looking at the Gu Immortal captives sleeping in the coffins, he was silent.



***
Chapter 745 - Incomplete Immortal Move


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan planned to bring all thirteen cloud coffins back to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Because they had made the mountain pledge, not only did Lang Ya land spirit not stop him, he even gave Fang Yuan eight mortal killer moves.


 “These killer moves are the ‘key’ to unsealing the immortal killer move sleeping cloud coffin. Remember the order that I told you, that is the only way to unlock the coffins, otherwise, it will be destroyed along with the Gu Immortals inside.” Before Fang Yuan left, Lang Ya land spirit instructed him.


 Fang Yuan nodded, memorizing all of the mortal killer moves. These mortal killer moves had no names, their only use was to act as the key to opening the coffins.


 But towards cloud path Gu Immortals, it had some reference value.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had cultivated cloud path on the side, Fang Yuan planned to give these mortal killer moves to Tai Bai Yun Sheng for reference.


 Fang Yuan brought the thirteen Gu Immortal captives back to Hu Immortal blessed land successfully.


 He first summoned Hu Immortal land spirit and asked for the latest news.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was doing well, Hu Immortal land spirit had been steadily doing what Fang Yuan had instructed her. She was progressively selling the rockmen in the blessed land and buying some fox groups.


 Hu Immortal herself was an enslavement path Gu Immortal skilled at manipulating fox groups to fight. Her immortal aperture, Hu Immortal blessed land, was most suited to raise fox groups. By following this route, eventually, desolate beast level fox groups would appear, it was a huge benefit. The profit was even higher than three transactions of Fang Yuan’s guts Gu.


 But this method took a long time to see effect, it needed a long, sustained effort.


 Hu Immortal was a lone cultivator, she was in a terrible state back then, after several earthly calamities, her finances collapsed, her losses could not be recouped and her battle strength fell, eventually dying in the hands of the blue charm lightning shadow.


 The Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture would experience calamities and tribulations at certain intervals, it was like rounds of challenges that strongly limited the number of Gu Immortals in the five regions.


 There was another huge obstacle, that was the limitation of lifespan.


 Back then, Hu Immortal had Dang Hun mountain, she wanted to use this unique resource to generate great income for herself.


 Her method was a wise choice. Even though raising fox groups was in line with the proper management of Hu Immortal blessed land, the effect took too long to nurture. The longer it took, the more accidents could occur. Especially when Hu Immortal’s circumstances were getting worse by the day, she could not afford to develop slowly.


 However, she did not have wisdom Gu, she could not think of a method like using airsac Gu, she could only use the guts Gu to raise the number of rockmen and sell the rockmen.


 Fang Yuan had used this method before, there was not much benefit and it was very troublesome. The rockman market was saturated, why would it be as profitable as directly selling guts Gu?


 Eventually, Hu Immortal failed and died in the earthly calamity. The fortune she left behind assisted Fang Yuan. At the crucial moment, it provided him with immeasurable help.


 Hu Immortal blessed land could be said to be Fang Yuan’s initial start-up fortune, the foundation of his rise. In his past life, Fang Yuan destroyed Hu Immortal blessed land in order to kill Feng Jin Huang, in this life, he became the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land. This was a wondrous contrast.


 Right now, since Fang Yuan could sell guts Gu directly and had enough money, he could start to develop Hu Immortal blessed land again, going on the ‘proper path’ that even the previous owner, Hu Immortal, could not accomplish, slowly accumulating fox groups and raising desolate beast foxes.


 This business was a long term plan. Fang Yuan was in no rush, and he was not looking for short term profits in this aspect either.


 After looking over the situation of Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan placed his attention on Immortal Crane Sect and Combat Immortal Sect.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was Immortal Crane Sect’s subsidiary force in name, he had to pay some attention to Immortal Crane Sect.


 As for his younger brother, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, who was inside Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Yuan had stopped paying attention to him long ago.


 A mere mortal Gu Master, even if he was rank five, what could he do? Just like back then on Qing Mao mountain, as long as he did not hinder Fang Yuan’s path, he would not even bother to stomp on him.


 He was too busy.


 Mortals were like ants, there was no need to waste time and effort to stomp on them.


 “That dear brother of mine is probably dead now?” Fang Yuan had a guess.


 Earlier, Fang Zheng had used mutual sense Immortal Gu to connect with Fang Yuan. This allowed Fang Yuan to gain much information, learning about Fang Zheng’s predicament and ‘seeing’ that he was in a blood pool, and the sad sight of demon flowers growing on his body.


 During this period of time, Immortal Crane Sect’s situation was quite calm. They successfully resolved the problem of Great Heavenly Sword Sect.


 Great Heavenly Sword Sect had a newly emerged third Gu Immortal and was ready to get rid of their status as a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect. Immortal Crane Sect was a righteous sect, even though their strength greatly exceeded Great Heavenly Sword Sect, because of the rules of the righteous path, they could not attack forcefully, they could only recruit the Gu Immortal in Great Heavenly Sword Sect.


 Eventually, they succeeded in recruiting a Gu Immortal in Great Heavenly Sword Sect, it was that new third Gu Immortal.


 Great Heavenly Sword Sect controlled limited resources, it was tough enough to provide for two Gu Immortals, a third was too much for them.


 The newly advanced Gu Immortal was given alluring conditions by Immortal Crane Sect, joining them in the end.


 Great Heavenly Sword Sect lost the crucial person and their strength fell, they no longer had the foundation to detach from Immortal Crane Sect, they could only sign the subsidiary contract once again.


 However, even though Immortal Crane Sect stabilized the situation in the northwest area, they were heavily suppressed in the reincarnation battlefield. Lei Tan, who was the Gu Immortal stationed there, was heavily injured, he had no choice but to return to the sect to recuperate.


 Reincarnation battlefield was the publicly recognized number one battlefield killer move in the world, it was set up by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself. The ten great ancient sects had taken control of this area for many years, engaging in fierce competition.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s attention went back to the reincarnation battlefield again, for the time being, they had no energy to think of new ideas to deal with Hu Immortal blessed land.


 He Feng Yang, who was in charge of taking down, Hu Immortal blessed land had been busy recently in trying to find a way to heal his beloved nine palace crane, Little Nine.


 This was undoubtedly good news to Fang Yuan, he could attend the auction in peace without caring too much about Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan paid attention to Combat Immortal Sect next.


 From some unimportant looking news from Combat Immortal Sect, Fang Yuan sensed something strange.


 This news could deceive the other nine great ancient sects for the time being, but to Fang Yuan, who was aware of the inside story, he could tell what was going on.


 “It seems that Combat Immortal Sect has indeed deployed the battle strength of Gu Immortals to attack Starry Sky grotto-heaven.” Fang Yuan thought.


 What he did not know was, after he left, Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei was trapped inside Starry Sky grotto-heaven. Combat Immortal Sect sent three Gu Immortals to reinforce him, but after they entered Starry Sky grotto-heaven, they met with some obstacles as well.


 “In this case, the dream realm in Starry Sky grotto-heaven has been exposed to Combat Immortal Sect. The dream realm of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has a connection to the predictions of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, Combat Immortal Sect will definitely attack the grotto-heaven in secret. I have to make good use of my time, the advantages of my rebirth are shrinking rapidly.”


 Fang Yuan felt a sense of urgency again.


 Ever since he started selling guts Gu and had made contact with all the large and small forces in Central Continent, it had become much easier for him to gather information compared to before.


 But this information was very general, there were no secrets involved. It could not compare to Fairy Li Shan’s intelligence, those that came from Northern Plains.


 Fang Yuan did not mind this at all.


 Many Gu Immortals placed importance on collecting information, every year, they would invest a huge amount of funds to search for critical information or to sustain the avenue of their source of information.


 But Fang Yuan did not need it.


 He saved a huge sum from this, because with his rebirth advantage, he had a lot of intelligence about his previous life, compared to the information that these Gu Immortals obtained through hard work and resources, it was much more comprehensive and important.


 After confirming the situation around Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan was at ease. He looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s letter as well as Hei Lou Lan’s situation.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was currently exploring Yu Lu blessed land with Shark Demon and some others. Immortal Gu Landscape as Before had completely restored Yu Lu blessed land’s entrance, it made Tai Bai Yun Sheng gain the favor of the others, and he successfully mixed in with the exploration group.


 As for Hei Lou Lan, she had recently undergone tribulation.


 Gu Immortals faced calamities and tribulations once in a while. Rank six Gu Immortals faced one earthly calamity every ten years.


 Ten years was not in terms of the time of the five regions, it was the time in the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture.


 Because the branch of the river of time was different in every immortal aperture, the time flow was also different when compared to the outside world.


 Hei Lou Lan went through immortal ascension with the Great Strength True Martial Physique, she obtained a super grade blessed land, the flow of time in her blessed land was extremely fast, even faster than Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was a time path Gu Immortal, it was at one to thirty-eight.


 That was to say, one year in the five regions would be thirty-eight years in Hei Lou Lan’s blessed land. During this time, she would need to undergo three earthly calamities, with only two years left until the fourth.


 More than half a year had passed in five regions time since the destruction of Imperial Court blessed land.


 Hei Lou Lan’s blessed land had already undergone two earthly calamities, this was the third.


 Each tribulation was a trial, but Hei Lou Lan had Fairy Li Shan’s help, and with several Immortal Gu in her possession, if she met with any real difficulties, she could ask Fang Yuan for help. No news from her currently meant good news.


 After confirming the situation of the people around him, Fang Yuan had no more reservations, he fully committed to his plans.


 He calculated, only half a month was left until the auction. In Hu Immortal blessed land, because the flow of time was five times as fast, that was approximately slightly less than two and a half months.


 The transaction of guts Gu had to continue.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan planned to use the light of wisdom to try to follow up on that burst of inspiration that had emerged earlier.


 Time passed quickly, two months went by in Hu Immortal blessed land’s time.


 Fang Yuan came out from the underground cave with a satisfied look.


 He had made great achievements in using the light of wisdom for deductions this time. He successfully fused the details of poison breath and harboring malicious heart to form a new, incomplete immortal move, Fang Yuan named it poison spit.


 Using Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart as the core, it was called ‘immortal’, but this was not complete yet, because each time it was activated, large amounts of poison would remain in the body, causing backlashes due to the toxicity. Thus, this was only an ‘incomplete move’.


 “With my immortal zombie body, I can activate poison spit three times. More than that, and the remaining poison would be able to kill even my soul. The two killer moves are the crystallization of my wisdom path and poison path attainment, it is a solid foundation. With the unlimited inspiration brought about by the light of wisdom, I could use this foundation to create something new.”


 Fang Yuan had already used the light of wisdom many times.


 The more he used it, the more he felt the benefits and convenience of the light of wisdom, he could tell that wisdom Gu had immense value and an even more incredible effect.



***
Chapter 746 - Joyful News, A Way To Escape The Zombie Body


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A few days later, Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan met with him and saw the joy in his eyes, saying: “Old Bai, it seems that you have obtained something great in this journey to Eastern Sea.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed heartily: “Junior brother is sharp as ever, that is right. Guess what gains I made this time?”


 Fang Yuan said in curiosity: “Fairy Yu Lu was a female attendant of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, she cultivated earth path and water path, she was skilled in defense and healing. I know about the group that you went with to attack the blessed land, did you unexpectedly succeed in one try, and manage to take down Yu Lu blessed land?”


 In truth, Fang Yuan did not think well of the prospects of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s trip.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression turned stiff, he sighed: “So junior brother did not expect us to succeed, you were right after all. In this attempt, we attacked the blessed land for seven days and seven nights, but we were defeated by the land spirit, and suffered huge losses. A Gu Immortal nearly died, but I used man as before Immortal Gu to save this person.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows. He knew about the value of man as before Immortal Gu, once Tai Bai Yun Sheng exposed this Gu, his value would greatly rise among this group of people.


 As expected, Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: “After my man as before Immortal Gu was exposed, I gained a lot of attention and respect. Next, Shark Demon invited me enthusiastically to go to Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance as a guest. Why would I dare to go to other people’s base all alone? Thus, I rejected him. In the end, Shark Demon and two other immortal zombies hosted me in Hai Shi blessed land, and during the banquet I heard an important piece of news.”


 Saying so, Tai Bai Yun Sheng paused, halting his words as he looked at Fang Yuan with shining eyes.


 Fang Yuan laughed mentally, he followed his intention and asked: “Hehehe, what important news is it? For you to leave me hanging like this?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression was solemn, he said: “It is a method that can revive you, junior brother, it is a method to break free of your immortal zombie body!”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows rose.


 He had made no progress after joining Northern Plains Zombie Alliance. To think that Tai Bai Yun Sheng would make more progress before Fang Yuan even gained anything.


 “What method is it?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng said: “Shark Demon has a wife called Su Bai Man, she is also an immortal zombie. A long time ago, she obtained a time path Immortal Gu from an opportunity after defeating strong foes, its name is Time Anchor. This Gu can leave a mark in the river of time, even though that is useless on its own, when paired with other time path Immortal Gu, the effect is incredible.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and understood what Tai Bai Yun Sheng was going to say.


 His eyes shined, but they quickly dimmed: “Old Bai, I understand what you mean. I’ve heard of time anchor Immortal Gu long ago, if paired with your Landscape as Before, it can indeed make a mountain or river be restored to a certain period in time. If used with Man as Before, it can theoretically send a target back to their body condition at a certain time period as well. But the requirement for this is, time anchor Immortal Gu has to leave a marking in advance.”


 “That is correct, my man as before Immortal Gu can only go back by an instant in time, but with time anchor Immortal Gu, we can exceed that limit of a single instant. Junior brother, with this method, you might be able to get rid of your immortal zombie status.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was excited.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s words were not wrong.


 Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, they each have one effect, all being different. Immortal Gu are unique, although they are powerful, they have weaknesses and limitations.


 Man is the spirit of all beings, they were most skilled in wisdom and creation. Using a combination of different Gu worms, they could raise the overall effect and make up for the respective Gu’s weaknesses.


 “With time anchor Immortal Gu’s assistance, man as before Immortal Gu can break free of the single instant limitation, but...” Fang Yuan shook his head, continuing: “The coordinated usage of two Immortal Gu is not as simple as just using them, many mortal Gu are needed at the same time. In fact, other Immortal Gu might also be needed, in order to form an immortal killer move. Time Anchor and Man as Before can indeed coordinate theoretically. But you do not have a corresponding immortal killer move, I think Shark Demon is providing you such hospitality because he wants you to help them, to contribute Man as Before so that they can research the immortal killer move, right?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded continuously, praising: “Junior brother is smart, you guessed accurately, that was indeed the case.”


 “It is a pity, it is a pity.” Fang Yuan shook his head again.


 “A pity what? I think this method has high hopes.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan uncertainly.


 “Old Bai, you should know, the fact that I have become an immortal zombie has long since been set in stone. Maybe Shark Demon and others had used time anchor Immortal Gu before becoming immortal zombies, and left a marking in the river of time, but I did not. Thus, even if you research this killer move successfully, it is useless for me.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed: “Junior brother, your concern is right. But I have good news for you, that is, Su Bai Man and Shark Demon had not used time anchor Immortal Gu to leave a marking.”


 “Oh?”


 “Back then, Su Bai Man forced back her enemies and obtained time anchor Immortal Gu, but she did not know its usage. Su Bai Man was heavily injured at that time, she had no choice but to become an immortal zombie. After Shark Demon learned about this, in order to accompany his wife, he became an immortal zombie even though he had ample lifespan. Years after the two became immortal zombies, they finally learned about the origin and usage of time anchor Immortal Gu.”


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 Getting a mysterious Immortal Gu and spending a few years or even over ten years to learn about the origin and use of it, this was quite common.


 Previously in Imperial Court blessed land, Fang Yuan obtained many Immortal Gu as well, but he did not dare to test them recklessly.


 Thankfully, there was Lang Ya land spirit to clear up the information regarding those Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: “When they found out about the use of time anchor Gu, they were in deep regret, but it was too late. I had the same concerns as you, junior brother, and asked them during the banquet. Shark Demon and the other immortal zombies mentioned another method, that was Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan had a curious but suspicious expression: “Spring Autumn Cicada is that mystical Gu? Legends say that it can travel up the river of time, and return to the past. But that has never been confirmed.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not suspect anything: “Spring Autumn Cicada is not reliable, mentioning Spring Autumn Cicada was only as an example. Shark Demon was trying to say that even though they missed the timing to use time anchor Immortal Gu, if they could use Immortal Gu like Spring Autumn Cicada, they could bring the Gu Immortal in front of the river of time. By then, using time anchor Immortal Gu to leave a marking upstream, one could use man as before Immortal Gu successfully. I think that this method has a high chance of success.”


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes slightly, he fell into deep thought and did not speak.


 What Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not know was, Fang Yuan in front of him was the owner of Spring Autumn Cicada. Be it Shark Demon or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they were not familiar with Spring Autumn Cicada, they only knew about it from rumors.


 Fang Yuan thought: “If I could directly use Spring Autumn Cicada, I would have used it. Why would I need to use an additional step with time anchor Immortal Gu? But this method, in theory, is possible.”


 Fang Yuan had an agreement with wisdom Gu, in a way, he controlled wisdom Gu.


 He could rise up quickly despite being an immortal zombie, charge forward in over half a year, rapidly changing his situation and finances, half of the reason was due to wisdom Gu.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to use Spring Autumn Cicada to be reborn and get rid of the immortal zombie trouble, he would have used it long ago. That is, leaving aside for now the failure chance of Spring Autumn Cicada.


 But during the Northern Plains journey, Fang Yuan was too weak, even if he was reborn and did it again, there were too many variables. Fang Yuan did not even have a five percent confidence of getting greater benefits from it.


 The agreement with wisdom Gu was truly due to the perfect time and place, that moment was simply too unique! The rank nine wisdom Gu was Fang Yuan’s greatest profit. If he did not obtain wisdom Gu, there would be no better benefits in comparison.


 “Other than Spring Autumn Cicada, there are other time path Immortal Gu. Like looking back Immortal Gu and vivid recollection Immortal Gu, they can allow a Gu Immortal to stand in the present and observe the past, except that the two have differences. Using Looking Back in the area of the old earth wood would allow one to see the former glorious scenery. Using vivid recollection Immortal Gu would allow one to inspect their own past. By refining the two Immortal Gu together, one could obtain the rank eight Immortal Gu Extreme Past, the Gu Immortal’s will can be drawn out and observe all that has happened in the past through the river of time.”


 Fang Yuan deduced in his mind: “If I had the time path investigative Immortal Gu Extreme Past, using it with the time anchor Immortal Gu, I might be able to form a time path immortal killer move, standing in the present and marking the past. Next, I can use man as before Immortal Gu to return to my human body and restore my living state, without losing wisdom Gu. Of course, extreme past Immortal Gu is just an example. There might be other time path Immortal Gu that are more compatible with Time Anchor.”


 Fang Yuan thought over it before opening his eyes.


 “Old Bai, thank you.” He thanked Tai Bai Yun Sheng sincerely: “Although this method is innovative, it would expend a lot of time, effort, and resources, it is at least a hundred year project. But it is a form of hope at least.”


 “We are like family, there is not need to say thanks.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng responded immediately.


 However, Old Tai Bai understood what Fang Yuan was saying, he sighed as he continued: “Exactly, it is at least some hope. Even though it will take a long time, during this period, junior brother, you can use the black oil in Zombie Alliance to slow the destruction of your blessed land. Even though black oil is hard to get, with my cooperative relationship with Shark Demon, I will be able to get enough.”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “During the period when you were gone, I had already used a fake identity, called Sha Huang, and made my way into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.”


 “So junior brother had such a plan.”


 Fang Yuan continued: “I want to attend the auction in Northern Plains, come along with me. This is the mortal killer move unfamiliar face, it came from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. I have a few cloud path killer moves, you can take a look, aren’t you cultivating cloud path now as well?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng received these killer move as a warm feeling emerged in his heart: “When I was thinking about my junior brother’s problems, he was also looking out for my benefits!”


 Fang Yuan showed him the Gu Immortal captives and the deal he had with Lang Ya land spirit.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, he said with worry and excitement: “It seems that this auction will be a great show! I will go with you, it would be best if Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan also are there.”


 “They will definitely go. But although our alliance was exposed to Hei Cheng, now is not the time to openly travel with them.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Junior brother makes sense.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded.



***
Chapter 747 - Auction (1)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The mountain stood high above the clouds, on the peak, there was a mirror-like pond, reflecting the traces of clouds in the sky.


 This was Zhen Wu blessed land, the headquarters of Northern Plains’ Yuan tribe.


 The surname Yuan was not rare, it was very ordinary, in Southern Border, Eastern Sea, Western Desert, it existed in all five regions. But in Northern Plains, the surname Yuan was much more significant, it represented a super force, a supreme authority.


 In the sky above the water, a white robed old man was waving his spear, his aura was grand as he whipped up wind currents that moved the clouds.


 The old man was white haired but greatly spirited, his body was moving around, sometimes fast as lightning, sometimes slow like a rock. With the spear in his hand, he extended it like a dragon’s movement, it was very surreal.


 But regardless of how much commotion he caused, the lake on this mountain peak did not even have any ripples, it was calm like a mirror.


 The lake water had much life, the seaweed was moving without any currents in it. A large group of carps watched the white robed old man wave his spear under the water, they were opening their mouths continuously as they spoke one by one.


 “Old man Yuan, you danced pretty well, it was a good sight.”


 “These spear skills are not bad, you had a trace of Daoist Spear’s shadow.”


 “Mm, the spear was swept too greatly though, the angle was a little off.”


 Hearing the carp’s words, the old man stopped his movements, landing beside the pond.


 The long spear in his hands was still giving off a bright white light, it turned into a Gu and went into his robe. Next, he paid respects to the carp in the pond as he inquired: “May I ask, the horizontal sweep earlier, why was the angle off?”


 “You used too much strength!”


 “Too brutish, you lost your grace.”


 “Old man, you are too old and yet feisty, you should eat some seaweed to lower it.”


 The carps spoke incessantly, criticizing with no restraint.


 These carps were not ordinary, their skin was white as snow, while their scales were black like ink. The black and white formed a clear contrast, there was no other color. People called them true martial carp, they were born from heaven and earth, each of them was a mutated beast king.


 The old man thought about it before raising his finger, using his arm instead of a spear, and practicing his moves: “Is this okay?”


 “No.”


 ‘Wrong.”


 “Old man, you are so stupid!”


 The carps spoke one after another, scolding the old man.


 At this time, a Yuan tribe Gu Immortal, Yuan Chi, came running, hearing the true martial carps’ criticism, he did not feel anything strange. He paid respects to the old man as he said dutifully: “Greetings to first supreme elder.”


 The white robed old man was Yuan tribe’s first supreme elder, having rank seven cultivation level with peak battle strength. Seeing someone come, he frowned unhappily: “Junior Yuan Chi, why are you here? Didn’t I say that when I am practicing my martial arts, I do not want anyone to disturb me.”


 “Lord, you instructed me earlier, so I am here to remind you not to miss the auction.” Yuan Chi was extremely respectful.


 “Oh? There was such a thing, I nearly forgot... that means the auction is happening soon?” Yuan tribe’s first supreme elder patted his forehead.


 Yuan Chi laughed bitterly: “Lord, today is the day of the auction.”


 “Ah? Time flies so quickly! Lad, thank you for reminding me, when I return, I will reward you. Off I go.” Saying so, Yuan tribe first supreme elder waved his sleeves and an Immortal Gu flew out of the pond.


 This Gu was called Human Language, it could turn the words of beasts into human words.


 Human language Immortal Gu left, and the discussions of the true martial carps came to an end. One could only hear the slight bubbling when they opened their mouths.


 Yuan tribe first elder collected the human language Immortal Gu and flew away, turning into light.


 The carp group swam around one another, after some discussion, they felt bored and swam away.


 Yuan Chi looked at first elder’s figure as he vanished into the horizon.


 “First elder is still the same.” He sighed, waving his sleeves at the pond.


 Winds blew and clouds moved, a thick white cloud covered and concealed this important place in Yuan tribe’s territory.


 ...


 “Magnolia pulp boat returns to the homeland of the lotus flower, singing in the hall lasts till late into the night.”


 “The lake reflects the willows surrounded by light fog, mountains far away resemble the contours of a beard that curls beautifully like a yellow moon.”


 A scholar moved his head around as he held his scroll, sitting in a pavilion with lotus flowers in the water, he recited in this calm night, as wind blew and a fragrance spread.


 A female attendant was beside the scholar. Her facial features were picturesque, her skin was white like snow, she was holding a small vessel as she poured wine into the wine cup.


 After the scholar finished reciting his poem, he held his scroll as he looked at it while grabbing the wine cup on the table. He drank the wine without even looking at it, after gulping it down, he said: “Although the wine is good, there is not much left. During this auction, we should request for a few more jars from that person. Hong Xiu, you will go with me on this trip, let Tian Xiang stay here and guard the blessed land.”


 “Yes, young master.” The female attendant was overjoyed as she replied quickly.


 ...


 Ding ding ding...


 Immortal Gu Heavenly Gong’s sound resonated in the mind of Gu Immortal He Lang Zi.


 He sat on the ground, opening his eyes as blood flowed out of his seven orifices.


 “This Immortal Gu Heavenly Gong is very powerful. I had only activated five percent of its power, but my five intestines shifted and my blood flowed backwards, even though I had also been activating a top tier defensive mortal killer move.”


 He Lang Zi laughed sinisterly, his blood flow went back to normal, in a few breaths of time, it was like he had never been injured.


 “Such power, I do not need to worry about the Immortal Gu not being traded by anyone.” He stood up and flew towards crimson reed marsh.


 ...


 “This is crimson reed marsh? The scenery is great here.” A rank eight Gu Immortal wearing a tall hat and with a common face was looking down at the crimson reed marsh below him.


 But all he saw were reeds growing, with water pathways that were complex and interweaved, resembling a maze.


 What was most eye catching here were not the water ducks, the gulls, or the fish, it was the crimson red reed.


 Countless reeds surfaced from the water vigorously, seemingly carrying grandness and boldness, they were imposing and expanded without restraint, with the attitude of a king, they subdued all of the living beings here and took them for themselves.


 The rank eight Gu Immortal observed before saying with some amazement: “This scenery has both delicateness and grandness, the outstanding nature is hidden deeply. Based on such a sight, this Qin Bai Sheng clearly is a meticulous person despite his grandness, he is unrestrained but also has a scheming mind. No wonder he could cause such a commotion and hold this grand auction.”


 “Esteemed guest has brilliant judgment.” A rank seven Gu Immortal beside him nodded in agreement: “Qin Bai Sheng’s actions were truly the source of a huge commotion, it was a great method to protect himself. I, Murong Jin Xiao, admire his actions greatly.”


 “I am looking forward to it, this auction that involves almost all of Northern Plains’ heroes!” The rank eight Gu Immortal greeted as the esteemed guest retracted his gaze, his tone becoming excited.


 “Hahaha, Eastern Sea is rich in resources, countless heroes emerge from there. Esteemed guest is an overlord of a region, controlling the entire glass sea, although Northern Plains has many talents, there are few that are worthy of receiving your compliment.” Murong Jin Xiao said respectfully.


 From his words, it seemed that this mysterious guest was not a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, he came from Eastern Sea!


 ...


 “Brother Qin, we meet again.” Fang Yuan cupped his fists, greeting Qin Bai Sheng.


 “Hahaha, brother Sha, I have been waiting for you. But I did not expect you to come directly from Fairy Li Shan’s side.” Qin Bai Sheng was very enthusiastic, he grabbed Fang Yuan’s arms, like he really regarded him as a brother.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng went together, they did not travel in Northern Plains, instead, they entered Fairy Li Shan’s blessed land and used hole earth Gu to reach Bai Sheng blessed land.


 With their earlier agreement and the mountain pledge Gu, Fairy Li Shan’s and Qin Bai Sheng’s blessed lands had been set up with a pair of hole earth Gu, allowing them to connect.


 Fang Yuan brought the thirteen sleeping cloud coffins and arrived in the blessed land through this path, meeting Qin Bai Sheng once again.


 “There’s no choice. I have such valuable treasures with me, with my low cultivation level, I can only come here through this method to reduce the risk.” Fang Yuan purposely laughed bitterly.


 “Don’t be humble brother, you are so well hidden, your depth is unfathomable. With just you and Fairy Li Shan’s relationship, who would dare to target you?” Qin Bai Sheng said respectfully.


 “No matter how good you are, there is always someone better than you. But if I have brother’s battle strength, I would have no fear.” Fang Yuan quickly replied, in terms of interpersonal skills, he was not inferior to Qin Bai Sheng.


 “I wonder who this is?” Qin Bai Sheng turned around, looking at Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was next to Fang Yuan.


 Right now, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had used unfamiliar face and turned into an ordinary old man, his appearance was very different from before.


 “This is my good friend, Gu Immortal Bai Sheng.” Fang Yuan introduced fearlessly.


 “Bai Sheng... forgive my ignorance, I did not know that a person of your caliber was hidden in our Northern Plains.” Qin Bai Sheng took the initiative to greet.


 “No, no, I am flattered.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly responded.


 Qin Bai Sheng brought Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng to the auction hall.


 “For this auction, I purposely altered my blessed land to form this huge auction hall.” Qin Bai Sheng introduced.


 “It is quite extraordinary, there is a very magnificent aura, as expected of brother Qin’s setup.” Fang Yuan smiled as he praised.


 Qin Bai Sheng showed a hint of worry and doubt, saying: “I have no choice, many huge forces and countless experts in Northern Plains were all invited to this auction. As the person in charge, if the auction is too run-down, I will be offending them. Honestly speaking, there had been a huge pressure on me these recent days, I could barely sleep. Thankfully, with brother Sha, the blessed lands will definitely be a popular item when up for auction, I can’t wait to see that commotion. I wonder if you have many?”


 Fang Yuan did not say a number, only smiling as he said: “Brother Qin, you can be at ease about it, no need to worry.”


 “Haha, of course I’m not worried.” Qin Bai Sheng’s gaze flashed, since he could not probe the answer, he changed the topic: “In this auction, I have the main hall, single rooms, and secret rooms. The main hall can allow free interaction, the single rooms are for those Gu Immortals with strange temperaments or who enjoy being alone. The secret rooms will hide everything about the Gu Immortal’s identity. These three arrangements have been written in the alliance content long ago, brother Sha does not need to worry that I have done some tricks behind the scenes. I wonder which location brother Sha would choose?”


 “These three locations, can they be swapped at will during the process of the auction?” Fang Yuan asked first.


 “Of course. But if a secret room is already occupied, unless the owner agrees, nobody can get in.” Qin Bai Sheng answered.


 “Then I will choose a secret room.” Fang Yuan said.


 “I will choose a secret room too.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng followed behind.


 Qin Bai Sheng nodded: “The first nine secret rooms have been booked already. I’ll give you the tenth and eleventh rooms respectively, how about that?”


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had no reason to say no. After they entered their secret rooms, Bai Sheng blessed land opened its entrance and invited many Gu Immortals in.



***
Chapter 748 - Auction (2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the secret room, Fang Yuan was playing with the Gu worms in his hands.


 These mortal Gu were owned by Qin Bai Sheng, but currently they were lended to the secret room’s owner, thus Fang Yuan could activate them.


 He activated his primeval essence and tried to inject it, as the environment in the secret room changed at once.


 “It seems that Qin Bai Sheng really put in some effort. Even though it is a secret room, it is like a small world in here, it is larger than a garden. These mortal Gu can be used to change the environment, it can become a mountainous or river-like area, or even become an ocean or lake, a pavilion or a terrace.”


 As Fang Yuan continued to use the Gu, the environment in the secret room continued to change. At times, it was a lush mountain and he was at the peak of the mountain in a pavilion. At times, there were huge rivers and he was in a boat docked at the side of the river.


 Of course, these changes were just illusions, they were not real. If they were real, such terrain changing abilities would definitely come from Immortal Gu, he would need to spend a lot of immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan retrieved the Gu worms and browsed one with his mind.


 This east window Gu had many of the auction items listed in it, they were all precious treasures. Fang Yuan was dazed upon seeing the huge catalog.


 Some of the auction items had the conditions written in the description, other than using immortal essence stones to bid for them, one could also trade for them using resources.


 Evidently, these resources were what the owner of the auction item were looking for.


 Fang Yuan swept through the content of the list and focused on the latter portion.


 This portion’s information listed a variety of Immortal Gu, they had all sorts of effects and were from all kinds of different paths. The information on how to trade these Gu were all written on the back.


 Unlike the previous content, Immortal Gu were unique, they could not be bought using immortal essence stones. This rule was practically set in stone, even during the five regions chaotic war it was still in place.


 Thus, to buy an Immortal Gu, one needed to use another Immortal Gu as the price.


 Fang Yuan’s focused his mind and quickly saw that his Immortal Gu were also listed there.


 There were four Immortal Gu, Rising Azure Cloud, Worldly Wave Trace, Calamity Beckoning, and Delight in Water and Mountain.


 The former two were movement Immortal Gu, one was cloud path and the other was water path, they were incompatible with Fang Yuan’s strength path. Although Tai Bai Yun Sheng cultivated cloud path as well, he was a time path Gu Immortal, Rising Azure Cloud was also not suitable for him.


 As for calamity beckoning Immortal Gu, it was rank seven, but the effect could be said to be harming oneself, it was practically a luck path suicidal weapon. Even though Fang Yuan had conceived some uses for it, if he could exchange it for other Immortal Gu, that would be more worthwhile.


 The final one was delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, it could produce huge amounts of joyful will. But Fang Yuan was already prepared to mass produce malicious thought Gu, in that case, it could replace the use of joyful will. He might as well put it up for auction and see what Immortal Gu he can get from it. If there is no suitable trade, he could just take it back.


 After the four Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan naturally listed the conditions for exchanging them.


 What was worth mentioning was that these four Immortal Gu were all put up using Fairy Li Shan’s channel, he was not associated with them.


 Even though calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was quite troublesome to sell and might even attract trouble, if it could be traded for a useful Immortal Gu, the benefits exceeded the cost.


 If he missed this golden opportunity, he might not have an equivalent one for several hundred years, until the five regions chaotic war.


 Fang Yuan was a vigilant person, but he was also resolute, when he needed to take risks, he would not cower in fear and doubt.


 “Other than these four Immortal Gu, I still have Spring Autumn Cicada, Cleanse Soul, Connect Luck, Woman’s Heart, and in a way wisdom Gu.” Fang Yuan counted, he needed these remaining five Immortal Gu, he would not put them up at the auction, or even give any chances of exposing them if possible.


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s actual effect would only be known by the user, even though there was a chance of failure, Fang Yuan obtained a lot of benefit from it and gained much experience, he could not do without it. Even with wisdom Gu in Hu Immortal blessed land, Spring Autumn Cicada was still his biggest trump card.


 Fang Yuan had already decided that Spring Autumn Cicada would remain as his vital Gu in his first aperture. In the future, if he had a chance, he would choose time path in undergoing immortal ascension.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was the core of the immortal killer move myriad self, although it was hungry and could not be used, he would not sell it.


 Connect luck Immortal Gu could make up for Spring Autumn Cicada’s weakness, Fang Yuan had already experienced the power of luck path, he would not let go of this Immortal Gu.


 Wisdom Gu was out of the question, if he took it out, it would cause a huge commotion and make countless people go after his life.


 As for woman’s heart Immortal Gu, it was originally something Fang Yuan wanted to get rid of. But due to a coincidence, Fang Yuan deduced the poison spit killer move, this woman’s heart Immortal Gu was its core, and was now placed at the right part of Fang Yuan’s chest.


 It was like a heart, beating continuously. It was small like a baby’s fist, it looked purple-black and was surrounded in poisonous energy, it was already connected to Fang Yuan’s bloodstream. Every time he breathed, the zombie blood would flow slowly, carrying the poison and circulating in Fang Yuan’s body.


 From this point, one could see traces of the wisdom path killer move ‘harboring malicious heart’.


 But the mortal Gu assisting Woman’s Heart were like a Gu formation for reverse refinement. Through reverse refinement, they were extracting Woman’s Heart’s strength.


 This was due to Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart’s special property — refinement and nurturing in one.


 This Gu needed the hearts of women to feed it, after it is full, the more it is fed, the stronger the poison. Right now, Fang Yuan was using a reverse refinement process to draw out that poison.


 Man is the spirit of all living beings.


 Although Woman’s Heart is a consumable Immortal Gu, and would be expended in one use normally, through his own method, and combining it with other Gu worms, it could be used repeatedly by extracting its power slowly and continuously.


 “Poison spit is only an incomplete immortal move, it needs to be improved later. With wisdom Gu, it should not be a problem.” Fang Yuan gathered his thoughts as he put down the east window Gu, he willed and the view in front of him became clear, Fang Yuan could see the auction hall.


 The auction was split into the main hall, single rooms, and secret rooms.


 Fang Yuan could not see the latter two, he could only see the main hall.


 Right now, on the seats in the main hall were more than twenty Gu Immortals, they were talking openly without fear of eavesdroppers.


 “Old Lu, it has been a while, I trust that you have been well.”


 “Oh, Qing Xuan Zi, you have gone through the second heavenly tribulation already, right.”


 “I am ashamed, my foundation is too weak, I was scared and have placed my blessed land in the outside world of Northern Plains these recent years. After spending a lot of resources and borrowing a time path Immortal Gu, I have slowed the flow of time in my blessed land, right now, I still have one heavenly tribulation cultivation.”


 “The earthly calamities are hard to survive, the heavenly tribulations are even harder obstacles. You are very stable and careful, not taking huge risks, this is a very safe method.”


 ...


 “Shi You Yan, you are here too?”


 “Your words are too funny! If you, Wu Rong, can come, why can’t I?”


 “Hmph! The grudge of you snatching my Gu back then, I will take revenge. Just you wait.”


 “Hehehe, I know this Immortal Gu is suitable for your use, but I am going to auction it, let’s see if you have the ability to bid for it!”


 ...


 Some Gu Immortals were catching up on old times, some were building relationships, but there were others with great animosity, they were like barrels of gunpowder.


 At this moment, a white robed old man walked into the main hall.


 “Haha, there are quite a number of people.” The white robed old man was Yuan tribe’s first supreme elder, he looked around and laughed heartily.


 His laughter soon attracted the attention of the people in the hall, as talks became softer.


 Fang Yuan directed his gaze as well, this first supreme elder of Yuan tribe was a rank seven Gu Immortal, the leader of the super force, Yuan tribe, of Northern Plains, he had exemplary battle strength and financial power, he was a strong contender in this auction.


 Qin Bai Sheng was standing at the entrance inviting guests inside, he went up and paid his respects: “It is truly my Bai Sheng blessed land’s great fortune that Lord Yuan is here to grace our auction with his presence.”


 “Don’t call me lord, call me by my name, Yuan Rang Zun!” Yuan tribe’s first supreme elder saw Qin Bai Sheng and his eyes shined, he patted Qin Bai Sheng’s back with much enthusiasm.


 Long ago, he had fought with Qin Bai Sheng, the latter’s strength had gained his acknowledgment.


 “But, I had some gains after practicing my spear skills recently, is there any time we can spar once again?” Yuan Rang Zun’s changed the topic and he showed his true nature as a martial arts fanatic.


 “Senior Yuan’s dao mark spear arts are still vivid in my memories. I wonder if senior Yuan would like to sit in the main hall, or get a single room or a secret room?” Qin Bai Sheng laughed, he did not reply to the invitation.


 “Give me a single room.” Yuan Rang Zun knew that now was not the time for this, he thought about it and gave his response.


 Just as Yuan Rang Zun stepped into his single room, a handsome scholar walked into the auction with a female Gu Immortal following behind him.


 “Unfettered Scholar came too?” The gazes of the Gu Immortals in the main hall were attracted again.


 “I had heard that Unfettered Scholar has great luck with women, having two Gu Immortal attendants, named Tian Xiang and Hong Xiu. I wonder who came with him?” Many male Gu Immortals turned around to look at the female Gu Immortal.


 “She wears a red dress that looks like fire, it should be Fairy Hong Xiu. If it was Fairy Tian Xiang, who was born with a certain fragrance, the main hall would have already been filled with fragrance if she was here.” A certain Gu Immortal who knew a lot about them said with much enthusiasm.


 Fang Yuan’s mind rapidly went through the information.


 This Unfettered Scholar was a lone cultivator, he had quite a few obstacles in life. His ancestors were not from Northern Plains, he came from a clan in Central Continent that had gone downhill.


 Central Continent was full of sects, it was tough for clans to survive. If they could, they would cross the regional walls and live in the other four regions.


 Alone in another region, Unfettered Scholar’s clan was ostracized and lost a lot of their strength, they were barely surviving in Northern Plains, their situation was turning worse. After several generations, they had finally mixed into Northern Plains, but at that time, they were on their deathbed, like a dying old man.


 By Unfettered Scholar’s generation, the clan had already been thoroughly destroyed. Unfettered Scholar brought along his two attendants and they escaped for their lives, living a tough life. In their most difficult moments, even though they were in danger of dying, Unfettered Scholar had never abandoned his two attendants, eventually, he obtained an opportunity and became a Gu Immortal.


 After becoming an immortal, he spent a lot of money and effort to make his attendants immortals as well. This was quite a story in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Be it Yuan Rang Zun, Unfettered Scholar, or the other Gu Immortals, they each had their own exciting stories, they were the main characters of their own legendary tales.


 Gu Masters who were able to become immortals naturally were exemplary characters. Before this auction had even begun, before all of the Gu Immortals had entered, brilliant heroes and geniuses had already appeared like shining stars in the sky.



***
Chapter 749 - Auction (3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Brother Qin, go ahead with your work, we can choose a room for ourselves.” Unfettered Scholar waved to Qin Bai Sheng as he spoke in a tone that revealed his close relationship with Qin Bai Sheng.


 Next, Unfettered Scholar walked away slowly, into a room with Fairy Hong Xiu.


 After he left, more Gu Immortals arrived, some chose single rooms, but most chose the main hall. As for those who chose the secret rooms, they entered through secret channels, into their respective rooms. This could not be seen from the main hall.


 “Although Qin Bai Sheng is a lone cultivator, he has great strength and yet shows great respect for people, he has a wide network and relationships with many experts.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng transmitted from the eleventh secret room.


 This was the first time he had met Qin Bai Sheng, yet he had a high evaluation of the man.


 Fang Yuan looked at the hall as he analyzed: “It is not entirely Qin Bai Sheng’s credit. Earlier, when Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals obtained many Immortal Gu, they need to trade them and satisfy their own requirements. There is also the essence of the luck path true inheritance. In addition, with Imperial Court blessed land’s destruction, Northern Plains’ situation has rapidly changed, all the super forces need to establish new rules. Because of this specific timing and situation, the auction could become so huge. Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan were able to invite rank eight Gu Immortals not only as a result of their own reputations.”


 As time passed, more and more Gu Immortals arrived.


 In the hall, Gu Immortals were talking and created lots of noise.


 Although Gu Immortals were powerful and had unlimited primeval essence, capable of crushing mortals, they were busy with managing their immortal apertures and had to make lots of preparations for the calamities and tribulations, they had very limited time.


 Furthermore, the world was huge and Gu Immortals were small in numbers, it was rare for them to interact with each other. Especially an opportunity like this which gathered so many Gu Immortals, it was very rare.


 Gu Immortals needed to interact, they placed great emphasis on their social network.


 Immortal Gu were unique. Often, Gu Immortals needed to borrow Immortal Gu to settle their problems. Furthermore, the economy of this world was not developed, many precious resources could not be bought using immortal essence stones, they could only be traded with rare goods at times.


 This auction gathered almost all of the Gu Immortals in Northern Plains. Such an opportunity to interact was extremely rare. In the main hall, Gu Immortals talked and exchanged information. Even several enemies had their grudges temporarily mediated and resolved.


 Gu Immortals were so rare, their social network was only so big. If one was not a friend, they would be an enemy, even if they were a stranger, they would still be connected somehow in this social network as long as they talked about their friends.


 After Unfettered Scholar, an old man carrying a walking cane walked into the auction hall slowly.


 Qin Bai Sheng saw this and his expression brightened, he quickly walked forward and paid respects: “Qin Bai Sheng pays respects to Lord Yao Huang!”


 Yao Huang — one of the five rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains.


 The hall was silent, many Gu Immortals could not sit any longer, they stood up and greeted.


 “Lord Yao Huang, you are my benefactor, please accept my respects.”


 “If not for Lord Yao Huang, I would still be injured now.”


 “Lord Yao Huang, do you remember me? I am Xiao Si, who searched for the bean sprout worm for you back then.”


 ...


 Even the Gu Immortals who were in the single rooms walked out and greeted Yao Huang.


 “Hello everyone, good day, good day.” Yao Huang had an amicable expression as he nodded, he did not put on airs and was not acting arrogantly.


 Like Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Yao Huang was a healing Gu Immortal and was famous in the righteous path, he had a pure Huang Jin bloodline, being the first supreme elder of the super force, Yao tribe, he had a lofty reputation in Northern Plains, it could be said to be the highest of the five rank eight Gu Immortals of Northern Plains.


 Stories regarding Yao Huang was numerous, they would take more than three days and three nights to read.


 The following story was closely connected to Fang Yuan, it happened decades ago.


 Yao Huang created a new healing Immortal Gu, for the last one hundred years, he had been asking for immortal zombies in Zombie Alliance to do experiments on them.


 As his research got deeper, Yao Huang had some results and actually managed to turn himself into an immortal zombie. Many Gu Immortal experts were unable to learn about the truth. They were deceived and thought that Yao Huang’s lifespan was almost used up, forcing him to become an immortal zombie.


 Yao Huang thus proclaimed that he wanted to join Zombie Alliance. At the same time, Zombie Alliance’s leader, Blazing Heaven Demoness, already had left and entered Eastern Sea. Without the leader, Zombie Alliance only had Yin Liu Gong and the other two rank sevens to guard the headquarters.


 No one in Zombie Alliance could expose Yao Huang’s methods, but at the final moment, he lost to the entrance of the discussion hall. No matter how Yao Huang pushed it, he could not open the door, this made the immortal zombies only able to look at each other in dismay.


 Eventually, Yao Huang could not get in and could only laugh loudly, removing his disguise and explaining the truth.


 Even though he had lied to everyone, he had a great reputation and high cultivation level, none of the immortal zombies dared to offend him. In the end, they even sent him back courteously.


 Just as Yao Huang walked in, Yin Liu Gong arrived as well.


 “Oh, Little Liu.” Yao Huang looked back and greeted.


 “Junior pays respects to Lord Yao Huang.” Yin Liu Gong had a flattering expression as he went up and greeted.


 “Right now, Zombie Alliance took up the mission just in time, that immortal zombie came to Yao tribe and my research was not held up. Speaking of which, it is all thanks to the cooperation of your Zombie Alliance.” Yao Huang thanked while smiling.


 “I am flattered, it is our honor to work with Lord Yao Huang. In the future, when Lord Yao Huang succeeds in the new healing Immortal Gu, it would benefit the Gu Immortals in Northern Plains as well.” Yin Liu Gong was skilled at social relations, he spoke appropriate words.


 Yao Huang stretched out his wrinkled arm, grabbing Yin Liu Gong: “Come Little Liu, sit together with me.”


 Before Yin Liu Gong could reject him, he said to Qin Bai Sheng: “Little Qin, give us a single room.”


 Thus, under everyone’s envious gazes, the two entered the single room.


 Yao Huang was the first rank eight Gu Immortal to enter, next, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Five Elements Grandmaster, and Old Ancestor Xue Hu appeared.


 Each of their appearances unavoidably caused a huge commotion.


 Before the appearance of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, rank eight was the peak of the Gu Immortal world’s battle strength.


 The five rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains were noble existences that earned much reverence from people. Among them, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was the number one person in the demonic path, he was the leader of Snowy Mountain blessed land. Yao Huang was the first supreme elder of Yao tribe, he was a rank eight of the righteous path. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Five Elements Grandmaster were lone cultivators, they were neither righteous nor demonic, they were in the neutral faction.


 Lastly, there was Prince Feng Xian, he was also a righteous path Gu Immortal. But he was only an external supreme elder of the super force Gong tribe. He did not have the Huang Jin bloodline in him, his status was rather awkward. Because he had some grievances with Gong tribe, he had been living outside for many years. He did not work for Gong tribe, only when Gong tribe encounters a huge crisis would he help out.


 Among the five rank eights, two were righteous, one was demonic, and two were neutral. Such a relationship was also the current balance of power in Northern Plains.


 The next three rank eight experts all chose single rooms.


 In the hall, there were already forty to fifty people.


 “Among the five rank eights, four have already appeared. Only Prince Feng Xian is left.”


 “This is really a rare event that is hard to witness in hundreds of years, it is an eye-opening experience! To be able to leave an impression on these experts, this trip was worth it.”


 “Rank eight great experts are all glorious and have naturally imposing auras. I wonder what Prince Feng Xian’s demeanor would be like?”


 As everyone waited in anticipation, a cold-looking female Gu Immortal walked in silently.


 It was Feng Jiu Ge, who had disguised himself as Fairy You Lan.


 Many people knew about Fairy You Lan and Prince Feng Xian’s relationship, their attention was quickly drawn over.


 Qin Bai Sheng quickly attended to him.


 “Master is blending his grotto-heaven’s qi, I will be representing him for this auction.” Feng Jiu Ge said, without laughing or smiling. He had huge guts, as an outside region’s Gu Immortal, he dared to attend the Northern Plains auction at this sensitive time.


 The moment he appeared, he announced this loudly, it was to deter the others, by using Prince Feng Xian as a shield, it would help him during the process of the auction.


 Hearing that Prince Feng Xian was not coming, a wave of disappointment came over the main hall.


 Feng Jiu Ge had a calm expression, vaguely familiar face was really an amazing killer move, none of the Gu Immortals in the hall could see any flaws in his disguise. Of course, this also was because the Gu Immortals were respecting each other and did not use investigative Gu to peek at one other for no reason.


 Especially when Fairy You Lan, who Feng Jiu Ge was disguised as, had a rank eight great expert behind her. In addition, nobody would expect him to be so daring.


 Under everyone’s shining gazes, ‘Fairy You Lan’ walked into a single room.


 Like Fang Yuan, he toyed around with the mortal Gu and changed the environment in the room. Next, he grabbed the east window Gu and looked inside.


 “Oh?” The moment he looked at it, Feng Jiu Ge’s heart jumped.


 “Worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu... aren’t these the core Gu worms for an Immortal Gu House, Water Pavilion, of my sect? They actually appeared here!”


 Shock flashed across Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes, but it quickly calmed and disappeared, this showed his supreme control over his own mental state.


 “It seems that the supreme elders in the sect guessed correctly. Back then, our sect’s saintess, Mo Yao, had brought Water Pavilion into Imperial Court blessed land. Without Water Pavilion’s help, she would not have been able to enter Imperial Court blessed land. Now that Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, it seems that Water Pavilion also broke apart and the core Gu were taken by Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals.”


 “Oh? There is calamity beckoning Immortal Gu! According to the sect records, saintess Mo Yao had once obtained the essence of luck path in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, refining calamity beckoning Immortal Gu to help her husband, Bo Qing. But Bo Qing’s tribulation was too great, even though calamity beckoning Immortal Gu drew away part of the tribulation, they could not survive, both of them perished. Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was also destroyed in the process, to think that there is a new calamity beckoning Immortal Gu!”


 This discovery gave Feng Jiu Ge further suspicions.


 How did calamity beckoning Immortal Gu come about? Who refined it? The person auctioning it? Or did it scatter into the outside world after Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, thus being taken by someone? What did this have to do with Mo Yao? According to rumors, Mo Yao left behind an inheritance, would this inheritance contain the way to refine calamity beckoning Immortal Gu?


 At once, Feng Jiu Ge fell into deep thought, many ideas appeared in his mind.


 “Hehe.” He suddenly laughed: “This auction was really worth coming to, the moment I entered, I obtained so many clues. In any case, I have to take back Delight in Water and Mountain and Worldly Wave Trace, Spirit Affinity House has lost Water Pavilion for too long! As for calamity beckoning Immortal Gu, it is rank seven, the price for exchanging for it is very high, I’ll see how things go first.”



***
Chapter 750 - Auction (4)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Things progressed stably with the passage of time. The Gu Immortals entering became fewer and fewer. After a while longer, Qin Bai Sheng closed the entrance of his blessed land.


 He walked to the raised platform in front of the main hall, proclaiming briefly and to the point: “Ladies and gentlemen, the time has arrived, the auction will officially start!”


 “Strange, why have Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan not arrived?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng transmitted a message to Fang Yuan.


 “Yes, I am also puzzled. According to Fairy Li Shan’s nature, she should be sitting in the main hall after she arrives. However, there is not even a trace of her.” Fang Yuan replied.


 “The auction currently has three spaces for participants; the main hall, single rooms and secret rooms. If they had chosen a secret room, they would have entered directly through secret pathways and not made a public appearance. But even if Fairy Li Shan entered a secret room, she would not have done so without even greeting us. Have you noticed this, there are no Gu Immortals of Hei tribe present.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng pointed it out.


 Fang Yuan mumbled: “We should first send a letter inquiring about the situation. Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan are bound to us by the Snowy Mountain Alliance, the possibility of them betraying us is not likely. If they encountered an ambush from Hei Cheng and others, with the strength of those two, they should have been able to send a message to request for support.”


 While the two were secretly discussing, the first auction item was already displayed on the platform.


 “Everyone should know, these are sky chief clouds. When they are spread out, they can stretch out for over a thousand and three hundred square kilometres. Such a large amount of sky chief clouds are rare even in treasure yellow heaven! The starting bid is twenty immortal essence stones, every bid should be an increase of at least five immortal essence stones. Please start!” Qin Bai Sheng announced.


 “Sky chief clouds, this is useful for my Tai Bai blessed land.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s attention was immediately attracted, and he subconsciously utilized the prepared mortal Gu in the secret room to make his bid.


 Qin Bai Sheng sensed the bid and immediately announced: “The eleventh secret room bids thirty immortal essence stones.”


 The next moment, a cloud path Gu Immortal in the main hall shouted: “Thirty-five immortal essence stones.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng chuckled as he activated the mortal Gu to bid again. He directly raised the price by ten, to forty-five immortal essence stones.


 Forty-five immortal essence stones were enough to buy a desolate beast corpse.


 The cloud path Gu Immortal who had made the bid gritted his teeth, hesitating for a while but not making another bid.


 On the ground, there was the earth chief beast, in the sky, there was the sky chief beast. Within the immemorial nine heavens, sky chief beast groups more or less lived in each of the heavens.


 The so-called sky chief clouds were formed from the breath of the sky chief beast; condensing slowly over long periods of time.


 These clouds could construct an environment in the immortal aperture that could greatly increase the production of cloud path Gu worms. If a group of sky chief beasts live in this cloudy environment, the effect would be even more wondrous, and if it was managed properly, there would be a never-ending flow of sky chief clouds.


 However, the intact parts of the immemorial nine heavens could only be explored by powerful rank seven or rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Every sky chief beast was at least a mutated beast king, comparable to an ordinary beast emperor. And the king of every group of sky chief beasts was essentially at desolate beast level.


 “Forty-five immortal essence stones, going once.” Qin Bai Sheng spoke, seeing that there were no more bids.


 “There are already large numbers of float ball tea in my blessed land. I will have the first batch of harvest at the end of this month. I intend to bring in jade hummingbirds later on. If I can add sky chief clouds, I will have the building blocks to smoothly bring in sky flowers and floating sparrowhawks. Junior brother, you advanced to Gu Immortal later than me, but you already have experience in managing blessed lands through Hu Immortal blessed land. Can you tell me what you think of my plan?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng chuckled as he transmitted his voice to Fang Yuan.


 On the platform, Qin Bai Sheng shouted again: “Forty-five immortal essence stones, going twice.”


 Fang Yuan pondered for a moment and replied to Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Sky flowers indeed grow on clouds, and floating sparrowhawks often are the host for cloud path Gu worms. Old Bai, are you thinking of cultivating both time path and cloud path?”


 “Yes. My time path abilities are specialized in healing, if I can add in cloud path, it can make up for the other shortcomings.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng said without reservation.


 He was originally skilled with cloud path in movement ability, his attainment reaching flying master realm using it. Later, he had dealings with Northern Plains’ Inkman King, Mo Tan Sang, who sold him the killer move nine cloud ring for a low price, this deepened Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s interest in cloud path. Fang Yuan did not feel this choice was abrupt.


 At this moment, Qin Bai Sheng shouted for the third time: “Forty-five immortal essence stones for over one thousand three hundred square kilometres of sky chief clouds, going thri...”


 “Hold on, fifty-five immortal essence stones.” The bid was just about to be decided, when suddenly a Gu Immortal spoke up.


 His voice came from the seventeenth single room.


 “Eh.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had not expected such a change as he hurriedly made a bid, “Sixty immortal essence stones.”


 This price finally dispelled any thoughts of buying from everyone present, allowing Tai Bai Yun Sheng to get his wish.


 “The second item for auction is a group of rare black spirit antelopes. The beast group’s size reaches three hundred and twenty thousand, and has five beast emperors. The lowest price is ten immortal essence stones, every bid should be at least four immortal essence stones higher. The price can be lowered if you use vertical rainbow ointment to trade.” Qin Bai Sheng announced.


 Black spirit antelopes were already hard to find in Northern Plains, this beast group’s size was so large, it should have been reared in some Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture. The Gu worms residing in black spirit antelopes were mainly soul path Gu worms, thus this especially attracted the attention of soul path Gu Immortals.


 The Gu Immortal putting this group of black spirit antelopes up for sale required a Gu refinement material, vertical rainbow ointment. Thus the bidding could be done using immortal essence stones or vertical rainbow ointment.


 A round of bidding passed, and this black spirit antelope group was purchased by a Gu Immortal for twenty-eight immortal essence stones.


 “The third item is a set of Gu recipes that came from the Medieval Antiquity Era, its name is inch of time. It contains all the recipes from rank one to rank five, and the crucial point is that these Gu recipes have already been improved. All of the refinement materials can be found commonly. The lowest price is twenty-two immortal essence stones and you can also use the desolate beast, six headed snake’s skin to reduce the price.” Qin Bai Sheng announced.


 “Twenty-three immortal essence stones.”


 “Isn’t it disgraceful to add only one immortal essence stone? Thirty immortal essence stones!”


 “I bid thirty-two.”


 This time, there were clearly more Gu Immortals bidding than the previous two times.


 Inch of time was a time path Gu worm which could not be used on humans but could be used on other targets, and was extensively used in Gu refinement. For instance, if a Gu worm required three days and three nights to be refined, and the inch of time Gu was used, it would quickly reach the state that required three days and three nights of time, by accelerating the growth and transformation of the Gu worm. And the amount of time the Gu Master would have to spend probably would only be few short moments.


 Fang Yuan had obtained the Gu recipe for the Olden Antiquity Era’s group strength Gu, the market price of which was only two immortal essence stones. Inch of time was only a Gu recipe from the Medieval Antiquity Era, but it was a complete set, from the rank one Gu, one inch of time, to the rank five Gu, five inches of time.


 The most important point was that this Gu recipe had already been improved by the Gu Immortal! All the Gu refinement materials required also conformed to the present situation and were not difficult to obtain. It was not like the original Gu recipe, in which many refinement materials would be extremely scarce, expensive or extinct.


 This point determined the explosive increase in the price, reaching the base price of twenty-two immortal essence stones. Soon, the bidding reached forty-eight immortal essence stones.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng also made his bid at this time: “Fifty-eight immortal essence stones.”


 He increased the price by ten immortal essence stones at once, attempting to scare off the competitors.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was rich, even more so than Fang Yuan.


 He had Landscape as Before and Man as Before, two great time path healing Immortal Gu, and therefore was very much sought after in Eastern Sea. Especially in the exploration of Yu Lu blessed land, they might have failed, but he had used Man as Before to save a Gu Immortal. This Gu Immortal gave him a hundred or so immortal essence stones as remuneration, and also said he owed Tai Bai Yun Sheng a favor which he would pay in the future.


 Most crucially, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s blessed land was healthy and produced green grape immortal essence at every fixed interval of time. His green grape immortal essence was accumulating day by day, to the extent that he could not use them all up.


 His Tai Bai blessed land’s time flow was thirty-three times faster than the outside world, nearly the same as Hei Lou Lan’s super grade blessed land.


 This was because his was a high grade blessed land and he was also a time path Gu Immortal. Thus, in the aspect of time path resources, it was rather outstanding.


 One day in the outside world would be a month in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s blessed land. In theory, blessed lands would produce green grape immortal essence every month. In the same given time for the outside world, the amount of green grape immortal essence Tai Bai Yun Sheng obtained was several times or even ten times higher than ordinary rank six Gu Immortals!


 On the contrary, Fang Yuan might have guts Gu business, but he had to handle all sorts of expenses, especially the constant converting of immortal essence stones to green grape immortal essence.


 His immortal aperture was dead and could no longer produce immortal essence, moreover it would crumble and shrink every set interval of time, which was an extremely large setback to him.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s bid indeed scared off most of the competing Gu Immortals. But there was still some who persisted.


 As the bid increased with two additional offers, the price had slowly risen to sixty-six immortal essence stones.


 “Sixty-six immortal essence stones to purchase a set of mortal Gu recipes!” Some of the low-level Gu Immortals in the main hall were tongue-tied.


 “It can’t be considered expensive. Inch of time cannot be used on oneself, but it can be used to save time and has wide range of applications like reducing the duration of Gu refinement. If you consider it in the long-term, especially for those Gu Immortals who also cultivate refinement path, they can use inch of time to slowly accumulate savings worth sixty-six immortal essence stones.” A Gu Immortal calmly analyzed.


 “This price is already at the peak. It would be unwise to raise the price further. Unless you have a special requirement for it.” Another Gu Immortal added his analysis.


 “Sixty-six immortal essence stones, going once.” Qin Bai Sheng started to close the bids.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan transmitted his voice to Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Old Bai, let’s split the immortal essence stones and make the bid together?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was happy: “Junior brother, you also have the intent to get it, that is good.”


 He thus raised the price directly to sixty-eight. Only one other Gu Immortal continued to bid, adding one immortal essence stone.


 Finally, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng paid an expensive price of seventy immortal essence stones to finish the purchase of Inch of Time.


 Time passed by, one after another, treasures continued to be auctioned off.


 The competition in the main hall was getting more fierce and the atmosphere had also turned fiery. Many Gu Immortals lost their bearings and started arguing. Although they had sense and calmness, with large profits in front, they could not help being flushed with agitation.


 After dozens of items were auctioned off, some low leveled Gu Immortals already became powerless to continue fighting, some were perspiring, some were pale, while many were exhausted.


 The bidding did not only compare wealth but also involved psychological battles.


 Gradually, rank six Gu Immortal bidders became sparser.


 Rank six Gu Immortals usually had several hundreds of immortal essence stones of savings, while rank seven would have several thousands or over ten thousand directly in their hands. At rank eight, having several tens of thousands available was a certainty. And those who had accumulated over the years would have hundreds of thousands of immortal essence stones in hand.


 The stronger the cultivation, the more resources they owned. Ordinary rank sixes had too weak of a foundation, fortunately, they could lower the price with other goods, otherwise most of them would have already been completely out of the game.


 Fang Yuan also only had few hundred immortal essence stones. He had made bids, but there were very few successes while most failed, and he was still waiting patiently for the main show.


 Finally, he heard Qin Bai Sheng announce: “Next, we shall begin the auction of Immortal Gu.”


 “The most important part is here!” Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened.


 Not only him, other Gu Immortals were also invigorated.


 The previous auction could only be considered the prelude, the true event had just taken stage!


 Immortal Gu trade!



***
Chapter 751 - Auction (5)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qin Bai Sheng stood on the stage and took out several mortal Gu, passing them around the hall.


 A few Gu Immortals received these mortal Gu, showing doubt on their faces.


 Qin Bai Sheng spoke slowly: “The auction of Immortal Gu is extremely important. The ones that are auctioned first have a greater advantage, they can be exchanged for more varieties of Immortal Gu. Thus, for fairness, this auction will not go according to the listed order, I have specially prepared these mortal Gu, once you activate them, they will point to one of the Immortal Gu up for auction. As for which one, it is completely random, nobody can manipulate them, go ahead and inspect these mortal Gu.”


 These words attracted quite a pleased response.


 The Gu Immortals inspected the mortal Gu in turn as they discussed softly.


 “This method is great, I was worried that my Immortal Gu would be auctioned later and be at a disadvantage.”


 “Qin Bai Sheng is not simple, he considered everything carefully for this auction.”


 “If he really did something secretly, I cannot complain. My inspections say that there are no problems at all.”


 These mortal Gu were inspected by the Gu Immortals and were sent to the secret rooms.


 Soon, it was Fang Yuan’s turn, he personally inspected them and discovered nothing wrong with them.


 After the Gu Immortals in the secret rooms inspected the Gu, the mortal Gu went to the single rooms again. The rank eight Gu Immortals were almost all in single rooms. After inspecting, the mortal Gu were passed back to Qin Bai Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng did not continue the auction, he asked: “Is there anyone else who is still uncertain, would you like to go ahead and inspect it again?”


 As expected, there were Gu Immortals who said that they needed to inspect it again.


 Among them, some had already inspected the Gu before.


 This set of mortal Gu had no problems earlier, but it was passed around. What if someone did something to them while they were passed around?


 Gu Immortals were wary and meticulous, thus they wanted to take another look.


 After inspecting it again, they found nothing wrong. At this point, the true purpose of this auction was about to begin.


 Qin Bai Sheng activated this set of mortal Gu in front of everyone, they shined in a bright light as smoke rose, the smoke gathered in the air and formed into the two words ‘conceal luck’.


 “It has been chosen, the first Immortal Gu is conceal luck Immortal Gu.” Qin Bai Sheng shouted.


 “Conceal luck Immortal Gu was originally numbered at the end of the auction, to think that it became the first now.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng grabbed the east window Gu as he muttered after checking.


 At the same time, many other Gu Immortals were doing the same thing.


 The sequence in the east window Gu was not the real order. Their own Immortal Gu could possibly be the next one up for auction. If they happened to be at the end, they could only blame their luck.


 This was a fair rule, none of the immortals had any disagreements, even the rank eight Gu Immortal great experts agreed with this.


 On the stage, the screen was changing as it turned into the appearance of the conceal luck Immortal Gu.


 Qin Bai Sheng introduced when the time was right: “As everyone can see, this Gu looks like a white skinned beetle, it is half the size of a palm and is a rank six luck path Immortal Gu, it can conceal one’s own luck. The seller wants a metal path defensive Immortal Gu. Whoever has a metal path defensive Immortal Gu can bid for it. There is no lower limit for this.”


 “Conceal luck Immortal Gu, concealing one’s own luck...”


 “Luck path has luck inspection Gu, it can inspect another person’s luck. There is also conceal luck Gu, it can hide one’s own luck and prevent others from seeing it.”


 “This conceal luck Immortal Gu is rank six, it can defend from rank six luck inspection Gu. Although the effect is good, its use is too narrow.”


 In the main hall, Gu Immortals were discussing softly, but no one bid for it.


 If luck path was flourishing and widely used, so be it. But since Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path, he had been secretive and hidden it for himself, this caused the number of luck path mortal Gu to be very low.


 Especially conceal luck Immortal Gu, it could only have value against someone who had luck inspection Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu’s use was too narrow, it had little value. Gu Immortals were not stupid, why would they bid randomly?


 “Damn it...” The person who had conceal luck Immortal Gu was a female Gu Immortal, she sat in a single room as she bit her lips, she helplessly watched her conceal luck Immortal Gu go without bidding, nobody wanted it.


 The first Immortal Gu was not successfully sold, this was out of everyone’s expectations, Qin Bai Sheng’s face was a little dark as he used the mortal Gu in his hands to start the bidding for the second item.


 The image changed, and showed a cicada-like Immortal Gu.


 This cicada was not as exquisite as Spring Autumn Cicada, it had a big head and was shining in silver light.


 “This is heavenly gong Immortal Gu, a sound path rank six Immortal Gu, to be traded with a transformation path related Immortal Gu.” Qin Bai Sheng said.


 In the main hall, a Gu Immortal saw this Gu and flew into a rage, shouting: “Heavenly gong Immortal Gu! Hmph, this Gu was mine, but He Lang Zi snatched it. He Lang Zi, come out now!”


 “I’ll come out, do you think I’m afraid of you?” From a secret room, He Lang Zi walked out with a ruthless smile.


 “It is He Lang Zi indeed, a famous loner of the demonic path in Northern Plains!”


 “Rumors say that he had obtained an inheritance of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, thus he can snatch other people’s Immortal Gu.”


 “This person was raised by a female wolf since he was young, his nature is like that of a wild animal, he is cruel and insidious, and is a loner, being very different from normal people. Old Ancestor Xue Hu had once attempted to recruit him, but he rejected him.”


 The Gu Immortals discussed enthusiastically.


 He Lang Zi crossed his arms as he walked towards the main hall, sitting in front of the shouting Gu Immortal.


 The Gu Immortals around him quickly moved away, choosing other seats.


 “You, you!” The shouting Gu Immortal pointed at He Lang Zi as his face turned red, he was trembling from anger.


 “Me what?” He Lang Zi licked his lips, he had a cruel and mocking gaze: “Old man Xiong Yuan, you are a sound path Gu Immortal, if you do not bid now, when will you?”


 “Transformation path Immortal Gu, I have one here, it is called demon ferret skin. After using it, one’s skin can turn into the skin of the heart demon ferret.” Unfettered Scholar’s voice came from a single room.


 A heart demon ferret was a desolate beast, there were normally wisdom path Gu worms in its body. The demon ferret skin could provide resistance against wisdom path attacking methods.


 After Unfettered Scholar killed a heart demon ferret, he used it to refine this Gu. But he already had methods to defend against wisdom path, thus this Gu was redundant to him, therefore he took it out.


 “Demon ferret skin... if one can gather demon ferret bone, demon ferret blood, and other related Immortal Gu, one can unleash the immortal killer move, heart demon ferret transformation.” He Lang Zi’s gaze shined as he thought.


 Transformation path was different from other paths, their killer moves were easy to form. As long as one gathered a set of Immortal Gu, they could form an immortal killer move.


 Thus, there was much to consider when trading for transformation path Immortal Gu compared to other paths.


 He Lang Zi had three immortal wolf transformation killer moves, it could allow him to transform into three different desolate wolves, they had great battle strength. If he transformed into the heart demon ferret, even though it was similar to the form of a wolf, what He Lang Zi wanted was to develop his fighting ability in water.


 Thus, He Lang Zi slightly shook his head, not speaking.


 Qin Bai Sheng had been observing silently, he said: “Any other Gu Immortals want to bid?”


 “I have a moon demon bat claw Immortal Gu, it can transform your hands into the bat claws of a moon demon bat.” Feng Jiu Ge said loudly.


 “This is Fairy You Lan who is representing Prince Feng Xian.”


 “Isn’t Fairy You Lan a sword path Gu Immortal, why does she want the sound path heavenly gong Immortal Gu?”


 “She is representing the rank eight great expert, Prince Feng Xian, this bid is likely to be Prince Feng Xian’s intention.”


 The Gu Immortals started guessing.


 Nobody knew that the so-called Swordmaster You Lan was actually Feng Jiu Ge. He was a sound path Gu Immortal, thus he desired the heavenly gong Immortal Gu.


 He Lang Zi did not speak, he shook his head.


 Moon demon bat claw Immortal Gu could bring about a future possibility — immortal killer move, moon demon bat transformation.


 But He Lang Zi was not good at aerial combat, he even hated the sky. This was because he had lived in a wolf’s den in his youth, he learned to move on all fours from his wolf mother, and was skilled in using his teeth to bite objects.


 Most wolves were land based creatures, they could not fly.


 Qin Bai Sheng obtained a transmission, afterwards he said: “The Gu Immortal in the first secret room has bid a grand smoke sea turtle shell Immortal Gu, together with verified information regarding Ascending Heaven Plain.”


 He Lang Zi’s gaze shined, he raised his head. Grand smoke sea turtle was a desolate beast of the sea, it suited his needs. But this turtle was skilled in using illusions to conceal itself, it did not have high speed or strong defenses, this was quite different from He Lang Zi’s battle style.


 “Ascending Heaven Plain, what is that?” He Lang Zi asked. Although he had high battle strength, he was a loner and did not trust any human Gu Immortals, thus he was lacking in information.


 “Hmph, a frog in a well!” Gu Immortal Xiong Yuan laughed as he refused to give up any chance of mocking He Lang Zi.


 “Ascending Heaven Plain is a place, anyone who passes it, even if it is a mortal, can enter the immemorial nine heavens. In the legends, Northern Dark Ice Soul, who was able to enter black heaven, went through Ascending Heaven Plain to reach it.” Qin Bai Sheng explained patiently.


 “So that’s it.” He Lang Zi was moved.


 He was a rank seven lone cultivator, he needed to fight for every piece of resources personally. But Northern Plains had limited resources, and the super forces were holding onto them.


 Meanwhile, the immemorial nine heavens had the heavenly wind qi wall, only very strong Gu Immortals could force their way in and explore the nine heavens.


 Even though in the immemorial nine heavens, only white and black heaven were left intact, while the other heavens were utterly broken, or even completely destroyed, be it the intact heavens or the nine heavens fragment worlds, they had abundant resources.


 “My battle strength is enough to break through the heavenly wind qi wall, but I cannot fly. If I can get the information regarding the Ascending Heaven Plain...” He Lang Zi was increasingly moved.


 As he thought about it, two more Gu Immortals took out their transformation path Immortal Gu and entered the bidding.


 One was the shouting Gu Immortal who wanted to tear He Lang Zi into pieces, Gu Immortal Xiong Yuan.


 A total of five Gu Immortals bid for one Immortal Gu.


 They continued to increase their bids, or added in immortal essence stones, even providing rare resources, lost Gu recipes, or a large group of beasts.


 Eventually, He Lang Zi chose the offer of the first secret room, obtaining grand smoke sea turtle shell Immortal Gu, as well as a large group of water wolves.


 The two sides made the transaction in public. Because the Gu Immortal in the secret room could not show up, Qin Bai Sheng was the middleman for this.


 After He Lang Zi got the intelligence about Ascending Heaven Plain, he looked at it in anticipation, but when he saw it, he stared with furious eyes as he started to shout in anger.



***
Chapter 752 - Auction (6)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Why, is there an issue with the Ascending Heaven Plain information?” Qin Bai Sheng’s expression changed as he asked. This was his auction, according to the oath, neither buyer nor seller were allowed to lie. Verified information was given, which meant that there was a true location.


 “No.” He Lang Zi’s expression turned grim, he refused to speak, but it looked like he had suffered a huge loss.


 “That batch of water wolves?” He asked.


 “It is already in the blessed land.” Qin Bai Sheng said.


 “Bring me there.” He Lang Zi said stiffly.


 Qin Bai Sheng waved his hand and teleported He Lang Zi away. After the latter checked the goods and found no mistake, he collected the wolves and left the auction in advance, without returning to the auction hall.


 “Hahaha, seeing this wolf rascal suffer a loss, it is truly quite gratifying.” In the first secret room, Murong Jin Xiao laughed.


 Next to him, the rank eight Gu Immortal from Eastern Sea was playing with the heavenly gong Immortal Gu.


 “Thanks to esteemed guest’s help, even though He Lang Zi saw the location of Ascending Heaven Plain, it was in Eastern Sea and he could not go there, one could only imagine his anger.” Murong Jin Xiao thanked.


 “No need to thank me, my daughter is skilled in music, she cultivates sound path, I bought it for her. I was not targeting He Lang Zi personally.” The Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal waved his hand.


 ...


 “Ascending Heaven Plain is in Eastern Sea, I know the location of it. How did the Gu Immortal in the first secret room learn about it?” Fang Yuan was suspicious.


 “I vaguely remember that there is a super force in Northern Plains that has connections with Eastern Sea, it was Murong tribe, right?”


 Soon, Fang Yuan set aside his suspicions.


 Because Qin Bai Sheng had chosen the third Immortal Gu that was up for auction, it was Fang Yuan’s rising azure cloud Gu.


 Qin Bai Sheng announced clearly: “Immortal Gu Rising Azure Cloud, rank six cloud path, specialized in ascending and descending in the air, the seller wants a strength path Immortal Gu. Anyone interested can start bidding!”


 Fang Yuan was now a strength path Gu Immortal, this was a fact that could not be changed. Even though strength path was declining now, he could only push on in this direction.


 Because of Spring Autumn Cicada, ever since rebirth, his plan had been to become a time path Gu Immortal using his first aperture.


 In regards to this, he was quite helpless.


 In the earlier stages of this life, Fang Yuan simply chose strength path as a transitory measure. In the end, because he was forced by circumstances, he ascended to an immortal using strength path. And because of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, his strength path attainment rose to grandmaster level, becoming equal with Fang Yuan’s blood path. This was unexpected.


 Fang Yuan would rather give up blood path than Spring Autumn Cicada. He was undoubtedly a blood path grandmaster, but there was more than one blood path grandmaster other than him. On the other hand, there was only one Spring Autumn Cicada in this world, and it was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Gu.


 Looking at the two, the choice was clear! But if Fang Yuan wanted to walk on time path, he would need to walk on a long journey. He lacked a time path foundation, and he was not a time path Gu Immortal either.


 The current situation was: Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, he did not know when he could regain his living status, in a short time, if he wanted to gain more battle strength, he could only choose strength path Immortal Gu.


 “This is the star desolate hound strength Gu, it can grant you the strength of a star desolate hound!”


 “I have the iron crown eagle strength Gu, I’ll throw in another one hundred and fifty kilograms of great lake soil.”


 “A qi grand lion strength Gu, and five drops of rule eye blood!”


 As the bidding continued, a Gu Immortal’s bid made the hall go into a commotion.


 “Rule eye blood! Did I hear wrongly?”


 “One of the ten great catastrophes, rule eye tribulation, only by piercing the rule eye can one obtain this blood.”


 “This blood is genuine immortal material, it can be the main material to make a rank six Immortal Gu, or a supplementary material for a rank seven Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, although rule eye blood was precious, five drops was too little.


 He sighed, although strength path was declining, the number of strength path Immortal Gu was not few. But if not for this auction, he would not have seen so many strength path Immortal Gu.


 Northern Plains Gu Immortals, compared to the other four regions, had the lowest financial power. But even so, after many years of accumulation, they still had quite the sum. Gu Immortals had many precious goods, but they usually kept it to themselves, hiding their wealth from others. Especially Immortal Gu, once these were exposed, they might get targeted, thus, they hid Immortal Gu even more deeply.


 Only during this auction would Gu Immortals expose these Gu voluntarily.


 Otherwise, why would he say that the auction was a rare chance and a precious opportunity that he could not miss?


 A total of five Gu Immortals bid for rising azure cloud Immortal Gu. After a few rounds, two Gu Immortals backed out, not long after, the third stopped. Only two were left.


 But before they decided on the victor, Fang Yuan had sent a message to Qin Bai Sheng: “Enough, I’ll choose the third person. the one with iron crown eagle strength Gu.”


 This auction involving Immortal Gu was different from normal auctions. Firstly, Immortal Gu were unique, secondly, there was no developed economy, they did not have a common currency, thirdly, Gu Immortal’s resources were all different, most of the precious immortal materials were hard to evaluate.


 Thus, during the auction, the seller could choose any buyer. Even though buyers competed with each other, it was only to attract the seller and move them. The winner who outbids the rest might not necessarily get the auction item.


 To simplify it, this was a seller’s market. Immortal Gu were unique, if I did not sell it, where could you buy it?


 A moment later, Fang Yuan and that Gu Immortal completed the transaction, the latter obtained the rising azure cloud Immortal Gu, while Fang Yuan obtained the iron crown eagle strength Gu, as well as a batch of immortal materials that were listed on Lang Ya land spirit’s list.


 The reason why he chose iron crown eagle strength Gu was because this was the only one which was a flying beast, the rest were all land based creatures.


 Fang Yuan had true solid bat wings now, it was compatible with the strength of a flying beast. If he could unleash the iron crown eagle strength Gu while flying, it would have an effect on par with immortal movement killer moves.


 After Rising Azure Cloud was the fourth auction item, it was a fire path Immortal Gu.


 Once this Gu appeared, a small surge erupted in the auction, even the rank eight Gu Immortal, Five Elements Grandmaster, joined the bidding.


 In terms of wealth, how could rank six Gu Immortals and ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals compare to a rank eight Gu Immortal? But in the end, Five Elements Grandmaster returned empty handed.


 The seller did not choose him, even though he was the eventual winner of the bidding.


 He would rather risk offending a rank eight great expert, that was because the immortal materials offered by the buyer were too valuable to him. Immortal materials all varied greatly, the different types available were like the numbers of stars in the sky, not even Five Elements Grandmaster could possess all of them.


 But that was exactly why the auction was so interesting, because everyone had a chance.


 The fifth and sixth items were both metal path Immortal Gu.


 The auction hall became much more heated now, metal, wood, water, fire, earth, these were the five most mainstream paths, they were even more popular than cloud path and sound path. Strength path and qi path were much less so.


 Eventually, Five Elements Grandmaster obtained one of the metal path Gu worms, the last one was won by Qin Bai Sheng. Not only was he the organizer of the auction, he was also a participant.


 As time passed, Immortal Gu after Immortal Gu were bought and sold. This was a rare scene that had not happened in a few hundred years of time in Northern Plains. There were records in history regarding such auctions, but they were smaller in scale.


 The most important thing was that the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building caused all the Gu Immortals to have some form of profit, this caused the auction to be at such a scale.


 Rarely seen Immortal Gu appeared one after another, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were trying to take advantage of this rare situation.


 “Next is the twenty-third auction item, Worldly Wave Trace, this Gu is rank six and is used for movement...” Qin Bai Sheng was still introducing it when two Gu Immortals already began staring with shining eyes.


 “Finally! Worldly Wave Trace, one of the core Immortal Gu of Water Pavilion. I have to get it no matter what!” Feng Jiu Ge clenched his fists.


 Meanwhile, in the first secret room.


 “Worldly Wave Trace, very good, I did not waste my efforts after all. I already have the relevant Immortal Gu recipe in my hands, once I get it, I have a high chance of refining worldly horizon Immortal Gu. World horizon Immortal Gu can allow me to enter the immemorial nine heavens freely, it can reduce the cost of breaking through the heavenly wind qi wall.” The Gu Immortal from Eastern Sea was already excited and in anticipation.


 The use and value of an Immortal Gu varied from one person to another.


 To Feng Jiu Ge, this was one of the cores to construct the rank seven Immortal Gu House, Water Pavilion.


 To the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, it was a path towards the immemorial nine heavens, the way to immense benefits.


 These two choices had their own advantages, it was hard to say which was a better way.


 “I have a star desolate hound strength Gu.”


 “A peach wolf strength Gu.”


 “A wailing whale strength Gu.”


 The Gu Immortals bid rapidly.


 Feng Jiu Ge waited patiently, seeing that the rank six Gu Immortals in the main hall were bidding, he could not help but smile. Using Swordmaster You Lan’s voice, he said: “I have a strength path Immortal Gu here, called Pulling Mountain. It will allow your strength to pull up a mountain, I will also add in a hundred and fifty kilograms of heaven metal.”


 “Heaven metal? Incredible, this is an immortal material that is on par with the rule eye blood. It is only produced in the immemorial nine heavens.”


 “A hundred and fifty kilograms from the start, this is much more than five drops of rule eye blood, did I hear wrongly?”


 There was a commotion in the main hall.


 Feng Jiu Ge took out a huge sum to bid, with one move, he scared off most of his competitors. A hundred and fifty kilograms of heaven metal was not a small sum, it was extremely valuable!


 But he only scared off ‘most’ of them.


 In the first secret room, Eastern Sea Gu Immortal snorted unhappily, using his mortal Gu to bid again.


 A strength path Immortal Gu, Overturn River, as well as two hundred and fifty kilograms of crack divine water!


 “Is he crazy, two hundred and fifty kilograms of crack divine water? This is possible supplementary material for rank seven Immortal Gu.”


 “Crack divine water is on par with heaven metal, it can only be extracted from the deepest part of a great lake, in a hundred years, there might only be about ten to fifteen kilograms.


 “Oh?” Feng Jiu Ge was slightly shocked, he did not expect such a fierce competitor to appear.


 He gave an arrogant laugh, using Swordmaster You Lan’s identity, he had less reservations, he said: “Whatever the seller needs, be it materials, Gu recipes, beast groups or variant human slaves, just tell me.”


 The instance these words came out, the whole hall went in an uproar.


 Most Gu Immortals immediately thought of Prince Feng Xian who was backing Fairy You Lan.


 “It seems that Prince Feng Xian wants this Immortal Gu.” Even that Eastern Sea Gu Immortal could not help but guess.


 But he quickly laughed, his fighting spirit had been triggered: “Prince Feng Xian is rank eight, but am I not rank eight too?”


 Soon after, in the auction hall, his voice could be heard: “My request is the same as Fairy You Lan’s. Can the seller give us an indication?”


 The hall went into an uproar again, they were trying to guess who was in the first secret room, by directly competing with Swordmaster You Lan, they were trying to contest with Prince Feng Xian.


 “Oh?” In the tenth secret room, Fang Yuan showed an expression of shock as well.


 His eyes turned as he laughed lightly: “It seems that both sides are not ordinary, they really desire this Gu. In that case, if I do not accede to their request, it would not be fitting.”


 He directly took out Lang Ya land spirit’s list, after multiplying the base amounts on it by several times, he handed it to Qin Bai Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng received it and showed a strange expression, before displaying it to everyone.


 The hall went into a third uproar.


 “Isn’t this list of items way too absurd?”


 “Three thousand kilograms of heaven metal and crack divine water, who is this seller, does he think these materials are grass growing on the ground?”


 “This is an exorbitant amount, he is really asking for an absurd price!”


 At once, even Feng Jiu Ge and the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal were stunned.



***
Chapter 753 - Second Immortal Gu!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Oh? Interesting.” Seeing the list of immortal materials given by Fang Yuan, Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze shined as he restored his calm.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal’s expression was like it had never changed, he sat on the chair with a disposition of being in control, he asked Murong Jin Xiao beside him: “How many refinement path grandmasters are there in Northern Plains?”


 On the list, most of them were refinement path immortal materials, the varieties were huge, and the types of materials were chaotic, one could become dizzy from looking at it. Fang Yuan could take it out in an instant, he had evidently prepared it long ago.


 Only refinement path Gu Immortals would bother to prepare such a list, to try and gain something from the auction.


 Murong Jin Xiao replied without thinking: “There are four major refinement path grandmasters in Northern Plains. The greatest one is Yao tribe’s rank eight Gu Immortal, Yao Huang, rumors say that his refinement path attainment has exceeded grandmaster and perhaps even quasi-great grandmaster level. The second is a Gu Immortal of my Murong tribe, Murong Xue Xiang, she had once refined a snow path Immortal Gu successfully. The third is the second leader of Snowy Mountain, Lady Wan Shou, she has refined Gu for many demonic path Gu Immortals. The fourth is a lone cultivator, she is called Lady Miao Li, she is skilled at refining enslavement path Gu worms.”


 The Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal heard this and nodded, not saying anything further.


 “The Gu Immortal in the tenth secret room is not simple.”


 “By asking for so many Gu refinement materials, even if this is an exorbitant amount, one can see his ambition and unique characteristics!”


 In the main hall, after the Gu Immortals regained their senses, they realized this.


 “Right now, this situation has become interesting. Both buyers are quite the characters, they have ample purchasing power. The seller is not to be underestimated either, he has a mysterious background, he is simply unfathomable.” Qin Bai Sheng watched with anticipation as he thought about this.


 He was the organizer of this auction, he knew that the rank eight Gu Immortal in the first secret room came from Eastern Sea.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, even if he was rank eight, had to restrain himself in Northern Plains. Especially in a place like the auction, outsiders were likely to get targeted.


 Thus, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal and Murong Jin Xiao chose to hide their identities, choosing this secret room.


 Since they wanted to join the auction, they had to interact with Qin Bai Sheng, who helped them to hide their identities and gave them the first secret room, this was a form of respect.


 “Immortal zombie Sha Huang, he might look ordinary but he may possibly have a rank eight monster backing him up. And this rank eight great expert is skilled in refining Gu. I’m afraid Fairy Li Shan knows this as well. Otherwise, why would he, a mere rank six immortal zombie, be so close to the third leader of Snowy Mountain?”


 Qin Bai Sheng was making a guess.


 In a way, he was correct.


 Because it was Lang Ya land spirit who was behind Fang Yuan, in the past, Long Hair Ancestor was certainly a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “In that case, I will add in a hundred and fifty pieces of thunder sound leaves.” After a bit of silence, Feng Jiu Ge was the first to speak.


 In the hall, gasping noises could be heard.


 Thunder sound leaves were not common, they did not exist in the outside world, they could only be created from strong lightning tribulations. It was the essence formed from thunder and lightning.


 But thunder sound leaves were very rare, they were hard to obtain.


 This was because ordinary Gu Immortal already found it hard to undergo their immortal aperture tribulations, they would not have the ability to pick the thunder sound leaves during their tribulations.


 Even if they had the ability, they needed a specific method to pick the thunder sound leaves.


 Thus, even in treasure yellow heaven, thunder sound leaves were very rare. But now, Feng Jiu Ge was offering a hundred and fifty of them.


 “Hehehe.” The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal laughed: “Is Prince Feng Xian so petty? This list clearly states that the seller wants two hundred and eighty thunder sound leaves.”


 After pausing for a while, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal shouted: “I have three hundred and sixty heaven flying jades!”


 “Heaven flying jade, this is a type of jade that can allow a person to fly in azure heaven, of the immemorial nine heavens.”


 “This jade has some mystical senses, it is like a bird or beast, it can avoid capture on its own.”


 “Who is the person in the first secret room? He offered three hundred and sixty heaven flying jades at once, it directly fulfills the amount on the list.”


 In the hall, murmurs could be heard again.


 Actually, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal was also feeling heartache. He had once had an opportunity and entered a large azure heaven fragment world for exploration, obtaining more than four hundred heaven flying jades in the process, while getting injured.


 Right now, to compete for worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, he offered the majority of them, to deal a huge blow towards his contender.


 In the single room, Feng Jiu Ge snorted, his expression turned solemn.


 The other party’s actions made him realize, they were just like him, they were determined to get worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.


 Offering three hundred and sixty heaven flying jades at once, this showed their immense wealth, they were a powerful foe!


 But who was Feng Jiu Ge?


 He was the person publicly recognized to have the highest battle strength in Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects. Even though he was rank seven, he could withstand rank eight Gu Immortals, with Spirit Affinity House backing him, and the many years of accumulation, his foundation was immensely abundant.


 If there were any rank six or seven Gu Immortals in this auction who could contest with rank eight great experts, then Feng Jiu Ge would definitely be number one amongst them!


 Adding more!


 Feng Jiu Ge did not hesitate, he continued: “I’ll add ten thousand pieces of star pupils.”


 Star pupils, a rare material of the immemorial nine heavens, not able to be found in the five regions.


 It was an immortal material that originated from blue heaven.


 In blue heaven, stars flew around in carefree fashion, raining down endless stardust. Among these uncountable stardust fragments, some were eight-sided, some were five-sided, seven-sided, sixteen-sided...


 There were also stardust fragments with no edges, they were round. These edgeless fragments were like round jewels, the starlight gathered into the shape of an iris, thus, they were known as star pupils.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s offer was shocking to the Gu Immortals.


 “When this list first appeared, I had thought that there would not be a buyer so foolish as to pay such a huge price for an Immortal Gu. I was wrong!”


 “The list only needs eight thousand edgeless stardust fragments, but Swordmaster You Lan is offering ten thousand! This is evidently a counterattack against the competitor.”


 “Too wealthy, they are too wealthy. Is this the accumulation of a rank eight?”


 “Compared to these people, I am like a pauper. Such a feeling is really not good.”


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal heard Feng Jiu Ge’s offer and his breathing stopped for a moment. Honestly speaking, he did not expect that he would attract a fiercer counterattack, an even stronger backlash.


 “Although there are a lot of star pupils, I must remind the seller. Star pupils, after all, vary in quality, a fragmented star pupil and an intact star pupil have very different value.” The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal said.


 Fang Yuan heard this and thought about it, the voice from the first secret room was correct, this was true.


 But on Lang Ya land spirit’s immortal material list, he did not mention this.


 The reason was, Lang Ya land spirit did not expect such a situation to occur. He thought: It was hard enough to collect star pupils. It was good if they could find any, the quality was not an issue, that was a secondary concern.


 “You’ve said so much, but can you actually make a new offer. If not, I have a lot more here.” Feng Jiu Ge smiled coldly, he continued his attack, mentioning region sand, sun salt, star galaxy wind, plain fire, and three other immortal materials, although the amount did not fill up the list, the variety was enough to be shocking.


 A Gu Immortal immediately sighed: “Fairy You Lan is cold and arrogant, she is going all in. Before the opponent made an offer, she raised it once again.”


 A Gu Immortal beside him analyzed: “This is a bidding tactic. In my opinion, the mysterious Gu Immortal in the first secret room is a formidable person as well, he will not give up easily.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s offer gave the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal in the first secret room a reminder.


 “That’s right, the seller can take out such a list, they definitely cultivate refinement path. Refining Gu requires a large variety of materials, a large quantity of one material is not enough. The other party is making such an offer to attract them, I need to change my tactics as well.” The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal thought about it before shouting again.


 He competed with Feng Jiu Ge, offering huge amounts of immortal materials, this made the Gu Immortals present listen with dazed expressions, like they were dreaming.


 After a few rounds, be it Feng Jiu Ge or the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, they started breathing roughly.


 In the secret room, Gu Immortal Murong Jin Xiao, who was at the side, could not say anything further.


 “These two lunatics.” In a single room, the rank eight Gu Immortal, Five Elements Grandmaster, shook his head, sighing helplessly.


 He cultivation included metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, he needed Gu worms from all the five paths. He wanted to participate in the water path Immortal Gu Worldly Wave Trace’s auction, but looking at this competition, his desire dwindled.


 Fang Yuan was quite surprised.


 If he added Feng Jiu Ge and the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal’s bids together, then half of the materials listed would be collected already!


 Of course, Fang Yuan could only choose one of them. There cannot be two victors in this bid.


 Fang Yuan was not overly happy, his gaze was shining uncertainly.


 The other parties were not idiots, they were going after worldly wave trace Immortal Gu so fiercely, that proved that for them, they could derive much greater benefits from this Immortal Gu.


 “I’ll offer five kilograms of drunk immortal qi!” At one side, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal had made another offer.


 The auction hall started whirring, as if a small explosion had happened.


 “What is drunk immortal qi?” 

 “It is also an immortal material, but its use is quite obscure. It can make even Gu Immortals drunk, it can only be created in a special environment.”


 “This drunk immortal qi is usually sold in traces. Even in treasure yellow heaven, condensed drunk immortal qi that are in liquid form are sold in grams. Since when are they sold in kilograms?”


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal was really wealthy, with this heavy blow, even Feng Jiu Ge’s expression became solemn.


 Feng Jiu Ge knew the value of this drunk immortal qi, five kilograms of it was simply extraordinary!


 Feng Jiu Ge was hesitant, if he made an offer again, he would need to provide value equivalent to five kilograms of drunk immortal qi.


 He calmed down and thought about it, asking himself: “For solely worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, is such a price worth it or not?”


 Of course it was worth it!


 Rebuilding Water Pavilion had been a wish of Spirit Affinity House for ages. Although Spirit Affinity House had the complete recipe of Water Pavilion, they could refine only the mortal Gu, the Immortal Gu were unique.


 For Water Pavilion, Spirit Affinity House had put up detailed missions, recovering each of the core Immortal Gu would have an immense reward!


 “In that case, so be it!” Feng Jiu Ge thought about it rapidly, after making up his mind, he took out another Immortal Gu while gritting his teeth.


 “This is the strength path Immor



***
Chapter 754 - Domination Immortal Chu Du


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The silence did not last for long, the auction hall exploded into a commotion soon afterwards.


 The Gu Immortals talked among themselves, as many of the Gu Immortals in the hall directed their gaze towards a single room.


 This single room was the place where ‘Fairy You Lan’ was inside.


 Everyone subconsciously wanted to see what expression ‘Swordmaster You Lan’ had when she made such a shocking decision.


 Even the organizer, Qin Bai Sheng, was a bit stunned, he asked: “Exchanging two for one, is that what you mean, Fairy You Lan?”


 “That is the case.” Feng Jiu Ge made the decision already, he had no more hesitations.


 Hearing Feng Jiu Ge’s confirmation, the discussions in the hall became softer.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a sound path Gu Immortal, why did he have two strength path Immortal Gu in his possession?


 In truth, he had many more Immortal Gu than just these two.


 Feng Jiu Ge led the ten Gu Immortals into Northern Plains secretly, he had important missions assigned to him. The first was to find the culprit behind the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the person who activated Central Continent’s arrangements in advance. The second one was to collect as many Immortal Gu as he could. To achieve this target, the Central Continent Gu Immortals prepared many methods.


 One of the ways was to exchange Gu, thus they brought along many Immortal Gu from their sects.


 After all, Gu worms were hard to snatch. A Gu Master can destroy their own Gu worms in an instant with just a thought. The same applied to Immortal Gu.


 The Immortal Gu that they brought over were mostly from unpopular paths, like strength path, qi path, and others.


 Intelligence on Northern Plains was always in the grasps of the ten great ancient sects. Qin Bai Sheng had not concealed the matter of him holding the auction, he even promoted it greatly. Thus, Feng Jiu Ge and the others had heard about this even when they were in Central Continent.


 It could be said that Feng Jiu Ge’s appearance in the auction was not a last minute decision, he had planned for it long ago.


 In the current world, strength path was not doing well, it had been weakening, those with enough wealth and ambition would certainly not choose to cultivate in strength path.


 Using these Gu worms to exchange for Gu worms of other paths, to the ten sects, this was a form of victory.


 Although the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal was a rank eight great expert, when they truly competed, he still lost to Feng Jiu Ge.


 After all, Feng Jiu Ge was backed by the ten great ancient sects. Meanwhile, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal entered Northern Plains secretly and attended this auction, it was his personal matter.


 Feng Jiu Ge had the resolution to do a two for one exchange, but he did not.


 But he was not resigned.


 He made a final effort, bidding: “I will add... a sandalwood sacred elephant egg!”


 A small commotion occurred in the hall again.


 “A sandalwood sacred elephant is an ancient desolate beast, after it grows to adulthood, it can rival rank seven Gu Immortals.”


 “The most important thing is to raise it from a young age, establishing a deep relationship, there would be a low chance of betrayal.”


 “A living ancient desolate beast’s value is very high. If managed well, it is like a treasure trove with endless value. The blood of the sacred elephant is a good immortal material, the tusks of the sacred elephant will grow back even if they are removed.”


 “The Gu Immortal in the first secret room is using another approach. This is quite impressive, an Immortal Gu versus an ancient desolate beast, comparing the two, they each have their advantages and disadvantages, it is hard to decide.”


 “Immortal Gu are indeed unique, but ancient desolate beasts are useful too. Especially when the seller seems to have interest in refinement path, he might be moved and choose the ancient desolate beast.”


 The people discussed.


 At this point, Feng Jiu Ge and the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal stopped bidding.


 The situation was uncertain now.


 Feng Jiu Ge was exchanging two for one, he had great resolution and had a better chance. But the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal’s offer was similarly enticing, he had a chance of victory too.


 As the auction hall turned silent, everyone was waiting for Fang Yuan’s decision.


 This was an unexpected climactic moment of the auction, how would it end, who would be the winner that obtains worldly wave trace Immortal Gu?


 Everyone was waiting in anticipation.


 Fang Yuan thought about it before making his decision, informing Qin Bai Sheng secretly.


 Qin Bai Sheng nodded, announcing publicly: “The seller has decided, they will sell worldly wave trace Immortal Gu to Fairy You Lan!”


 Once he said that, everyone breathed out in relief, starting their discussions.


 “It was logical that Fairy You Lan won.”


 “It was a two for one trade after all.”


 “If it was me, I would choose the ancient desolate beast. After all, the immortal essence expenditure of using two Immortal Gu is high.”


 “Which lucky person does this worldly wave trace Immortal Gu belong to? He actually sold it for such a good price, one Immortal Gu in exchange for two!”


 “Indeed, if I had not witnessed this personally, I would never believe it.”


 “Fairy You Lan, or rather, Prince Feng Xian definitely has other objectives. They are not fools, since they are offering such a high price, then the benefits they can gain must also be higher!”


 “As long as there is demand, there is a market, and profits can be gained. The greater the demand, the greater the profit.”


 Not just them, even Fang Yuan was trying to decipher the reason why ‘Swordmaster You Lan’ was buying worldly wave trace Immortal Gu at such a high price.


 “Prince Feng Xian...” The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal muttered this name as his expression turned slightly dark.


 As the auction continued, an earth path Immortal Gu appeared next.


 But the atmosphere was far beneath that of earlier, most of the Gu Immortals were still thinking about the earlier situation, they were still discussing it.


 What was the meaning of affluence and wealth, they had finally seen it clearly.


 Even though many people were suspicious, why would Prince Feng Xian, a fire path cultivator, be interested in a water path Immortal Gu?


 But the mind of a rank eight great expert was hard to decipher, it was not something an outsider could guess so easily.


 A mainstream path Immortal Gu was rapidly sold after several rounds of bidding, the quick deal gave people a relatively boring feeling.


 Towards this, Qin Bai Sheng was helpless, he could only smile bitterly.


 After the climax, it would be the downturn. After all, Feng Jiu Ge and the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal’s bids were too imposing, it weakened a lot of the Gu Immortals’ desires to bid.


 Fang Yuan sat in a secret room, playing with the two strength path Immortal Gu as he paid attention to the auction.


 Transactions involving Immortal Gu were done on the spot.


 Fang Yuan looked through those immortal materials, he checked that there was no issue with the quantity.


 Through Feng Jiu Ge’s cooperation, the two strength path Immortal Gu were completely refined by Fang Yuan, they were now his.


 At the same time, worldly wave trace Immortal Gu was in Feng Jiu Ge’s hands.


 “This is worldly wave trace Immortal Gu... after so many years, it is finally back in Spirit Affinity House’s hands.” Feng Jiu Ge sighed softly, he felt some emotions.


 As Immortal Gu were auctioned off one by one, as time passed, the atmosphere of the auction hall became heated once again.


 “Next is the thirty-fourth auction item, strength path Immortal Gu — Cauldron Strength, this is a rare strength path defensive Immortal Gu. Once activated, it can create a strength cauldron, protecting oneself. The seller wants a wisdom path Immortal Gu.” Qin Bai Sheng said.


 Most of the Gu Immortals in the hall had little interest.


 Strength path was declining, few people cultivated it, thus its demand in the market was small.


 Just as the owner of cauldron strength Immortal Gu was anxious, a hoarse and unique voice came from a single room: “Wisdom path Immortal Gu Loving Affection.”


 “This voice, it’s Domination Immortal Chu Du!” Immediately, someone in the hall shouted.


 “That’s right, it should be him, his voice is hoarse like this.”


 “To think that Domination Immortal came.”


 “What is so strange about it, Lord Chu Du is a famous strength path expert, why would Qin Bai Sheng not invite him?”


 “Domination Immortal Chu Du...” In a single room, Feng Jiu Ge drank his tea as his eyes shined.


 Before he came to Northern Plains, he had obtained some information. The information regarding Domination Immortal Chu Du was rich and had a lot of details, Feng Jiu Ge placed great emphasis on him.


 Chu Du was a rare strength path Gu Immortal, not only did he have great battle strength, he even had overflowing talent, creating a side branch of strength path personally.


 Strength path was a huge path, it had once flourished. Right now, strength path was split into beast strength phantom branch, atmospheric heaven and earth branch, as well as human strength jun strength branch.


 The beast strength phantom branch included bull strength, tiger strength and others, the strength path Immortal Gu, iron crown eagle strength Gu, that Fang Yuan had obtained some time ago was in this branch.


 Atmospheric heaven and earth branch was the strength of nature, like wind strength, water strength, fire strength and others. Or for example, Pulling Mountain and Pulling Water that Fang Yuan obtained from selling worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, both belonged to this branch.


 Human strength jun strength branch referred to the jin strength Gu, strength of ten jin Gu, jun strength Gu, strength of ten jun Gu, strength of hundred jun Gu and others.


 This small branch was created solely by Chu Du, he brought strength path onto another track and revitalized this dying path using his own methods.


 Right now, the human strength jun strength branch was already the mainstream strength path cultivation in Northern Plains. All the Gu Masters in Northern Plains had a strength path foundation, they had all used jin strength Gu, strength of ten jin Gu, jun strength Gu, strength of ten jun Gu and others.


 One could say that Domination Immortal Chu Du had singlehandedly turned around the situation of strength path, affecting all of the Gu cultivator paths in the world.


 Feng Jiu Ge naturally had to pay a lot of attention to such a person, in fact, it was particularly great emphasis.


 “Northern Plains is constantly engaged in battles, it is also a place where heroes emerge. If there is a chance, I have to meet this Domination Immortal.” Feng Jiu Ge’s mouth curled into an excited smile.


 Meeting all of the heroes in this world, that was the ambition of a true man!


 At this time, a voice echoed: ” Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, and five thousand kilograms of cloud soil.”


 Guh.


 Feng Jiu Ge spat out the tea in his mouth, his eyes stared widely as he lost his calm.


 “Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu!” He shouted: “Damn it, my worry came true.”


 Immortal Gu could be placed up for auction, they could naturally be used to trade for other Immortal Gu as well. If not for this, all of the registered Immortal Gu would be held up and not available for trade, this would greatly affect the auction’s success.


 Feng Jiu Ge understood this rule, and thus he was worried about it.


 Whatever you worried about was bound to happen.


 Fang Yuan wanted strength path Immortal Gu, he had been paying attention to this strength path Immortal Gu since long ago. Right now, he offered delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, this was part of his original plan.


 “One heaven pillar wind.” Facing Fang Yuan’s competition, Domination Immortal Chu Du raised his offer.


 Heaven pillar wind was quite special, it originated from green heaven. It was like a tall pillar, extremely tall and long. When it blows, it will not cause movement, only blowing on the spot, from outside, it resembled a giant pillar that extended into the sky.


 One heaven pillar wind had high value, it did not lose to Feng Jiu Ge’s earlier bid of a hundred and fifty thunder sound leaves.


 “Domination Immortal Chu Du...” Fang Yuan muttered, immediately understanding: “It seems that you are my biggest competitor this time!”



***
Chapter 755 - Fang Yuan vs Chu Du


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “The tenth secret room bids an intact skeleton of a sky dragon, along with one thousand five hundred grams of fury powder.” Qin Bai Sheng stood on the platform and shouted loudly.


 Chu Du frowned.


 He had just bid a heaven pillar wind, and the Gu Immortal in the tenth secret room immediately marked up the price with no hesitation.


 “This is a strong foe.” Chu Du sighed inwardly.


 In the previous bidding war of Feng Jiu Ge and the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, the price was settled by exchanging two Immortal Gu for one, from which the tenth secret room had profited greatly. Everyone in the auction knew of this.


 Chu Du could not help but feel pressure.


 He was also a veteran Gu Immortal with rank seven cultivation and a deep foundation. In his peak period, the immortal essence stones he had on hand to spend greatly surpassed several tens of thousands!


 But the situation now was different from the past.


 Chu Du recently succeeded in undergoing a tribulation of his immortal aperture, but as a result, his foundation had thinned. Thus, he broke through the heavenly wind qi wall and entered deep within white heaven to explore and replenish resources.


 He did make some profits, but he suffered injuries, and to heal these injuries he had to borrow Immortal Gu from others which cost him a lot, overall, he still ended up at a loss.


 The immemorial nine heavens had plentiful resources, but were also danger zones. The benefits there were accompanied with risks.


 Thus, at this moment, Chu Du was quite short on money available to spend.


 “But strength path defensive Immortal Gu are rare. I have been a strength path Gu Immortal for so long, but only today have I come across one. If I don’t try my best to obtain it, I might regret it in the future.”


 Chu Du thought of this, and gritted his teeth as he continued to bid.


 However, no matter how much he added, Fang Yuan also kept on adding.


 Several rounds later, Chu Du finally could not persist with this and sent a message to Qin Bai Sheng secretly, wanting to communicate with the tenth secret room.


 Qin Bai Sheng was surprised, but without any change in expression, he sent the message to Fang Yuan.


 With Fang Yuan’s permission, Chu Du was able to send a letter to the tenth secret room.


 In the letter, Chu Du wrote, if Fang Yuan to retreat from the bidding war, he would owe Fang Yuan a favor and would do a task of equivalent value for Fang Yuan in accordance to the future circumstances. If Fang Yuan did not believe him, they could use an Immortal Gu to create a vow. Not only this, Chu Du also said he would provide Fang Yuan precious information regarding Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true meaning.


 Fang Yuan was surprised and also happy as he read this letter.


 There was no doubt Chu Du wrote this letter because he wanted to obtain cauldron strength Immortal Gu, and because of his insufficient financial condition, he wanted to talk things over with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan certainly would not agree!


 He was a strength path Gu Immortal as well, and naturally wanted to obtain this rare cauldron strength Immortal Gu. As for Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true meaning, Fang Yuan already had a rough understanding of it, he even obtained benefits personally.


 “I had originally thought Domination Immortal Chu Du had deep pockets, but who could have thought he would make a fool of himself this quickly. It seems his fortune is at rock bottom. Hehehe.” Fang Yuan snickered while making another high bid.


 Chu Du gritted his teeth as he proceeded with the bidding, but the items he used to bid were a mish-mash of different goods.


 Fang Yuan increased his bid again, adding on rank seven immortal materials, which could act as the main refinement material to refine a rank seven Immortal Gu, their value was very high.


 Chu Du sighed but still was not resigned to giving up, as he again added bits and pieces from here and there, bidding many rank six immortal materials. The overall price was similar to Fang Yuan’s rank seven immortal materials.


 The Gu Immortals in the hall began to notice the clues now.


 “Strange, Lord Chu Du seems to be in a strained situation.”


 “I had vaguely heard that Domination Immortal had undergone a tribulation few months ago, it seems the injuries from the tribulation were quite heavy.”


 “Chu Du had borrowed healing Immortal Gu from Yao Huang, and reportedly had to pay a considerable price.”


 The Gu Immortals quietly spoke to one another while sighing.


 Chu Du was feeling anxious, but there was someone else who was more anxious – Feng Jiu Ge.


 “This Domination Immortal also cannot handle the situation!” Feng Jiu Ge felt disappointment. He had been hoping Chu Du could pressure the tenth secret room with his might and overwhelm them to achieve victory.


 But despite Chu Du’s reputation, currently his poor financial capacity was making a scene that Feng Jiu Ge could not bear to continue witnessing, he had no choice but to think of a way to stop Fang Yuan from winning.


 “Worldly Wave Trace and Delight in Water and Mountain, these two Immortal Gu both belong to the Gu Immortal in the tenth secret room. This person is mysterious and seems to have a major origin, it is even possible that they are the main culprit of the Imperial Court case. I know them, but they don’t know about me, the enemy is in the open while I am in the dark right now. It won’t be appropriate if I directly buy Delight in Water and Mountain from him or her. Not to mention the chance of inadvertently alerting them, if they infer some clues and decide to not sell the Immortal Gu, that would be anything but good.”


 Feng Jiu Ge kept on thinking.


 He also had a strategic mind, he had both brains and brawn. If not for this, Spirit Affinity House would not entrust him with such an important task and send him as the leader of the group infiltrating Northern Plains.


 “If I directly interfere and participate in the bidding, that would be inappropriate as well! I am under the identity of Swordmaster You Lan, but I have already bought Worldly Wave Trace, if I openly buy Delight in Water and Mountain again, in the case that the person in the tenth secret room knows of the secret of Water Pavilion, the possibility of exposing myself increases greatly.”


 Feng Jiu Ge had secretly infiltrated into Northern Plains and also disguised his identity, even if he was very powerful, he would be fighting in foreign territory, so he had some misgivings.


 “The most troublesome thing is even if someone outbids others in this auction, if the seller does not choose them, it would still be a failure. Even if I interfere and suppress others, there won’t be much significance.”


 Moreover, there was another point as well, even if Feng Jiu Ge succeeded in the bidding and bought cauldron strength Immortal Gu, what would he use it for?


 He did not want a strength path Immortal Gu, instead, he wanted to sell strength path Immortal Gu in exchange for other, more suitable Immortal Gu.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s mouth dried, he took a sip of tea while having a regretful feeling in his heart: “If I was not alone and had someone to help me, it would be much simpler to deal with this problem.”


 However, on one hand, his move, vaguely familiar face, was an immortal killer move and it could not be easily passed on to others. On the other hand, he also could not use the Gu Immortals at Prince Feng Xian’s side. The logic here was simple: If, by any chance, Feng Jiu Ge’s identity was exposed, Prince Feng Xian would not be greatly implicated.


 Prince Feng Xian could proclaim he knew nothing of it, and keep on lurking undercover.


 With these thoughts in mind, Feng Jiu Ge made the decision and quietly got in contact with Domination Immortal Chu Du.


 The Gu Immortals in single rooms and the main hall could directly contact each other, unlike the secret rooms, where Chu Du could only contact Fang Yuan with Qin Bai Sheng as the middle man. As long as either party within a secret room did not want to make contact, there could be no way to send a message.


 Chu Du felt strange as he received Swordmaster You Lan’s letter. He was fairly close to Yao Huang, but he had only met Prince Feng Xian once.


 In the letter, Feng Jiu Ge said he was willing to fund Chu Du to help him win cauldron strength Immortal Gu. However, he made a request, saying that he hoped Chu Du could sell the immortal material, true heaven silver.


 “It seems that there is some value for the injuries I had in the exploration of white heaven. I obtained three hundred kilograms of true heaven silver, which is extremely rare even in treasure yellow heaven! With Swordmaster You Lan’s help, I can still compete!” Chu Du naturally was somewhat doubtful of Feng Jiu Ge’s true intentions. But he was feeling urgency in obtaining cauldron strength Immortal Gu.


 Chu Du immediately replied to Feng Jiu Ge, thanking the other party for the help and also stating that after this event, he would give detailed information on the exact location of true heaven silver.


 With Feng Jiu Ge’s help, Chu Du gained confidence and made a bid again.


 Changes occur in matters within the world, producing mysterious and interesting results. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Chu Du died in battle and the killer had been Feng Jiu Ge. Now, because of Fang Yuan, these two people joined hands by a stroke of fate!


 The collaboration between the two was mutually beneficial.


 To Chu Du, he needed cauldron strength Immortal Gu, and Feng Jiu Ge’s help was opportune assistance.


 To Feng Jiu Ge, the financial aid he provided Chu Du with would be returned to him in the future. He could pay a low price to obstruct Fang Yuan’s target.


 The bidding price continued to increase higher and higher.


 Chu Du seemed to have been revitalized, having increased confidence as he made bids with no hesitation.


 Fang Yuan was surprised at this. After using up the immortal materials from Lang Ya blessed land, he had no choice but to start bidding with the immortal materials he had obtained earlier.


 Feng Jiu Ge could not help but feel vexed.


 These immortal materials had been his previously. He had not thought that after taking them out, they would be used against him so quickly.


 However, Feng Jiu Ge had no choice but to continue, while also calculating the situation.


 “It seems the situation of worldly wave trace Immortal Gu is going to be repeated!”


 “Domination Immortal Chu Du seems to be bent on getting this strength Immortal Gu!”


 “The tenth secret room has been requesting strength path Immortal Gu since the beginning, and is now competing with Chu Du, with neither side having the slightest intent to retreat. It seems there is going to be another surge in the auction.”


 The Gu Immortals discussed with one another in the main hall.


 Fang Yuan finally could not keep being seated, he left his seat and paced around in the secret room.


 “Chu Du clearly had no hope and thus sent the letter, but how, in that case, did he get such a boost in his wealth? Could it be that he was pretending to be weak? Impossible! There would need to be a hole in his brain for him to use such a clumsy plan. That means, someone is helping him.”


 Fang Yuan frowned, he had a hunch, but he could not precisely grasp it.


 Who was this person helping Chu Du?


 Why was this person helping him?


 On the surface, it was a competition between two people, but Fang Yuan felt that there was someone meddling in the dark.


 Fang Yuan tapped at his immortal zombie head, as he sat down on his seat again and started to use the wills in his mind to help him in thinking.


 While he thought, he continued bidding.


 After two more bids, he suddenly opened his eyes.


 A sharp light flashed in his eyes, the thinking just now had given him some results, as he formed some conjectures.


 “I must have this cauldron strength Immortal Gu!” Fang Yuan suddenly shouted, making an empty show of power, “Whatever the seller wants, speak, I will do my best to satisfy it.”


 “The same goes for me, whatever the seller wants, please speak.” Chu Du was silent for a moment before he followed suit, showing no weakness.


 The hall was in a commotion.


 “The person in the tenth secret room is not simple, directly challenging Chu Du.”


 “Sure enough, it has started again, the second climactic moment of the auction.”


 “The auction of Worldly Wave Trace was also like this. Now, let’s see what the seller wants.”


 The seller did not think for long, immediately speaking of a new requirement — a wisdom path inheritance.


 Chu Du gave a bitter smile when he heard this request, where would he find a wisdom path inheritance.


 Wisdom path has been around for a long time, but it had always been passed down from generation to generation in a single line, and was extremely mysterious and rare. The seller saw the heated bidding war and got greedy, making such an excessive request.


 Feng Jiu Ge also gave a bitter smile, he had many Immortal Gu with him, but the seller’s request of a wisdom path inheritance caused things to be awkward for him.


 Wisdom path was rare, even among the ten great ancient sects, only a few wisdom path inheritances were possessed by them.


 Fang Yuan had asked for a wisdom path inheritance in treasure yellow heaven for a high price, but this had not been fulfilled! Finally, when fortune arrived for him, he only received an incomplete inheritance, that was also because the other party had an urgent need for the ancient desolate beast corpse.


 There were many wisdom path Gu worms, but wisdom path inheritances were rare.


 For a while, Fang Yuan and Chu Du went silent.



***
Chapter 756 - Fang Yuan vs Feng Jiu Ge


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The seller was requesting for a wisdom path inheritance, this was really an excessive demand. Previously, in the immortal material list that Fang Yuan threw out earlier, at least Gu Immortals would more or less have something within it, but wisdom path inheritances were extremely rare.


 Even if it was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, they would not sell their own inheritance, something that is of utmost importance to themselves.


 Chu Du did not have a wisdom path inheritance, and neither did Feng Jiu Ge.


 Fang Yuan only had an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, it was extremely incomplete, it could not meet the requirements.


 He sat on the seat, licking his dry lips as he kept quiet, but his heart was growing with anticipation.


 At once, be it the tenth secret room or Domination Immortal Chu Du, they did not speak, the hall fell into a peculiar silence.


 Eventually, discussions arose in the hall again.


 “Requesting for a wisdom path inheritance, this condition is too much.”


 “A wisdom path Immortal Gu is good enough, they were still greedy for a wisdom path inheritance? Hehe.”


 “This is simply being blinded by greed, such a condition, the tenth secret room and Domination Immortal are unable to satisfy it. The heated bidding earlier was ruined. This cauldron strength Immortal Gu might end up going unsold!”


 “But this is nothing much, unsold Immortal Gu will be in the second round of the auction according to the sequence.”


 This seller of the cauldron strength Immortal Gu also found something amiss, he was anxious and quickly added.


 Qin Bai Sheng received his transmission and announced again: “The wisdom path inheritance does not need to be complete, an incomplete wisdom path inheritance is fine too. Of course, the more complete it is, the better it would be.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he had a rather incomplete wisdom path inheritance.


 His bid came from within the tenth secret room: “I have an incomplete wisdom path inheritance.”


 Chu Du heard Fang Yuan’s bid and his heart jumped, he did not even have an incomplete inheritance. But he still had hope in his heart, he placed his hopes on Swordmaster You Lan. In his perspective, Swordmaster You Lan was backed by Prince Feng Xian, they had incredible foundation and would likely have a wisdom path incomplete inheritance.


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed bitterly.


 Spirit Affinity House indeed had collected incomplete wisdom path inheritances. But he did not have any currently. He quickly used the hole earth Gu in his immortal aperture and communicated to the other nine Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 The nine Central Continent Gu Immortals knew about Feng Jiu Ge’s actions. In truth, they were secretly lurking near crimson reed marsh, waiting to reinforce Feng Jiu Ge.


 After receiving Feng Jiu Ge’s message, two of them had an incomplete inheritance. One was from Old Oracle, he came from Ancient Soul Sect and was a wisdom path Gu Immortal. The other was Chen Zhen Chi from Myriad Dragon Dock, he was a flying grandmaster and had once explored an inheritance ground, obtaining one by chance.


 Feng Jiu Ge received their message and was overjoyed, quickly interacting with them.


 Wisdom path inheritances, even if incomplete, were quite valuable. Old Oracle and Chen Zhen Chi were not from the same sect as Feng Jiu Ge, even if they were, they still had to properly balance the books.


 In a moment, Feng Jiu Ge finished discussing with Chen Zhen Chi and paid some price to buy the incomplete wisdom path inheritance from him.


 But after getting it, Feng Jiu Ge became hesitant.


 He could naturally provide the incomplete wisdom path inheritance to Chu Du. But doing it in this way was too obvious.


 He had lied to Chu Du earlier, saying that he wanted Chu Du’s immortal materials, the true heaven silver. But now, just for the true heaven silver, he was providing him the valuable incomplete wisdom path inheritance, this was like giving up gold for silver, it did not make sense.


 Feng Jiu Ge could imagine, once he showed this inheritance, Chu Du would begin to suspect his true motives!


 “Oh, if I had a companion that understood the situation alongside me, they would be able to bid now.” Feng Jiu Ge sighed again: “In this situation, there is an eighty percent chance that the seller would choose the tenth secret room! Unfortunately, in regards to the seller who is auctioning the Immortal Gu, I cannot contact them.”


 Just as Feng Jiu Ge was about to risk Chu Du’s suspicions and take out the incomplete wisdom path inheritance, Chu Du spoke: “I do not have an inheritance, I’ll back out from this bid.”


 Feng Jiu Ge was stunned.


 The truth was, after waiting for a while, the tiny hope in Chu Du’s heart vanished.


 He thought over it, his relationship with Swordmaster You Lan and Prince Feng Xian was not deep, the other party was only helping him because of the true heaven silver. Even if they had a wisdom path inheritance, why would they make such a huge sacrifice to help him? Just for that three hundred kilograms of true heaven silver?


 It was evidently impossible.


 Chu Du was a smart person, even though he was a lone cultivator, he needed his face. Fang Yuan had made his offer long ago, so many people were watching, Chu Du could not stall this by keeping silent.


 Thus, he announced his intention to back out from the current bid.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s expression sunk, when Chu Du announced that he was backing out, he understood the reason behind it.


 At once, Fang Yuan’s victory was imminent, Feng Jiu Ge did not know what to say.


 Should he blame Chu Du for being too smart, thus making deductions in advance? Feng Jiu Ge himself had hesitated, because he lacked a companion, his hands were tied and it was tough for him to manipulate anything.


 “But, even if delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu is handed over, there is still hope. After the open auction, there is still the free transaction period.” Feng Jiu Ge consoled himself, his mental state quickly returned to normal. He had braved through many storms and difficulties in life that had improved him, they were on par with Fang Yuan’s. If not for them, he would not be the Feng Jiu Ge he was today.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a type of person with much in common with Fang Yuan, they never gave up and would not mind temporary failure or loss, and they could lower their statuses if needed.


 The result of the competition for cauldron strength Immortal Gu had become quite clear.


 Domination Immortal Chu Du conceded while Fang Yuan provided an incomplete wisdom path inheritance.


 But just as Qin Bai Sheng was about to announce the bid going to Fang Yuan, a third competitor appeared.


 “Eleventh secret room is bidding as well, they are taking out a wisdom path Immortal Gu, an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, as well as immortal materials that are on par with those of tenth secret room!” Qin Bai Sheng suddenly announced.


 This was an unexpected situation, the Gu Immortals in the main hall were very interested.


 “Another mysterious Gu Immortal has entered the bidding competition.”


 “Eleventh secret room... they are able to make such a high bid, the auction has invited some formidable characters indeed.”


 “Since when were strength path Immortal Gu so popular, everyone is fighting for this?”


 Qin Bai Sheng felt more confusion than the others, he knew that Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan arrived together, they should be allies. Why were they competing with each other now?


 Not only him, even the bidder, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, was confused.


 He had just received Fang Yuan’s transmission earlier, asking him to do this bid.


 Since the seller could only choose one person to deal with, whether they chose Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they would only receive one of the bids. From start to finish, Fang Yuan did not violate the auction’s rules.


 Fang Yuan sat in the tenth secret room, his finger was tapping on the armrest of his seat. His eyes were closed until only a slit remained, he continued bidding and competing with Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 After several rounds, Tai Bai Yun Sheng pieced random materials together, showing his limited finances.


 Next, he purposely hesitated before bidding, displaying a changing mind.


 After several more rounds of bidding, Tai Bai Yun Sheng obtained a notification from Qin Bai Sheng, after approving of it, he received a letter from another person.


 This letter’s content was similar to the one written to Domination Immortal. Using one of the immortal materials that Tai Bai Yun Sheng had as an excuse, he saw that Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not afford to continue bidding and was willing to fund him in exchange for the immortal material.


 “Junior brother, just as you had expected, someone is willing to fund me.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng reported this to Fang Yuan in secret.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan opened his eyes, straightening his back subconsciously: “Who?”


 “Swordmaster You Lan.”


 “Swordmaster You Lan?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance.


 “Swordmaster You Lan... Prince Feng Xian...” He could not sit any longer, he started pacing around in the room.


 Fang Yuan’s plan earlier was only to ascertain a guess in his mind. Now that he saw a result from his test, Fang Yuan was a little surprised.


 “Domination Immortal Chu Du obtained funding, thus he could continue competing with me. This person is likely to be Swordmaster You Lan.”


 “If it is her, then why did she fund Chu Du and Tai Bai Yun Sheng? It is definitely not for the immortal materials, but to prevent my delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu from falling into other people’s hands.”


 “Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu has no use in my hands, thus I am selling it. But if it falls into the hands of the seller of cauldron strength Immortal Gu, then he would not sell the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu again because he wants to have it.”


 “Swordmaster You Lan spent a huge sum earlier and used two strength path Immortal Gu to obtain worldly wave trace Gu. Now, she is trying all sorts of methods to prevent me from selling delight in water and mountain Gu, why is that?”


 The answer had already been flickering in his mind, that was the rank seven Immortal Gu House — Water Pavilion.


 Fang Yuan paced in the room as he thought about it.


 After a while, he stopped in his tracks, raising his head.


 The scene in the secret room was like a painting, but Fang Yuan’s gaze was like the abyss, it was as if it pierced through the layers of illusions and saw the Gu Immortals in the main hall, he saw Swordmaster You Lan who was in the single room, he even saw the region outside of Northern Plains, it was Central Continent!


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was like ice, he laughed coldly in his heart: “Impressive, a great move! In my previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, a certain supreme elder of Spirit Affinity House managed to sway Prince Feng Xian’s heart and recruit him. Prince Feng Xian suddenly joined Spirit Affinity House, it caught people off guard, it almost killed Ma Hong Yun who had become a rank seven Gu Immortal, causing Northern Plains’ situation to become dramatically worse. Northern Plains sacrificed large numbers of Gu Immortals, countless territories were lost, and Spirit Affinity House was in the forefront, at number one among the ten great ancient sects. To think that Prince Feng Xian all along had been a tool of Spirit Affinity House.”


 Feng Jiu Ge had used vaguely familiar face, Fang Yuan could not decipher the truth. The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had ordered Feng Jiu Ge and the other Gu Immortals to enter Northern Plains, it was a top secret mission, several wisdom path Gu Immortals had worked together to eliminate all evidence of their actions. In accordance with Fang Yuan’s intelligence gathering methods, he naturally would not be able to find out anything.


 Fang Yuan did not know these matters, but Feng Jiu Ge was using Fairy You Lan’s identity, it instead helped Fang Yuan figure out the important secret that Spirit Affinity House had been hiding!



***
Chapter 757 - Resurrection From The Dead


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This Swordmaster You Lan has quite impressive methods, if Chu Du did not send me a letter earlier, I might not have found out the flaw. If I did not have my previous life’s memories, I would not have connected it either.” Fang Yuan sighed in his mind.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s scheming ability was not inferior to Fang Yuan’s.


 Thus, when he struck, it was like a natural process, there was no traces.


 But in this contest of wits, Fang Yuan had come out marginally ahead.


 Firstly, Chu Du was the cause of Feng Jiu Ge’s flaw.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not know that Domination Immortal had sent a letter to Fang Yuan. If he knew, he would not have acted this way.


 But Chu Du would not tell the other party for no reason. After all, this matter would cause a loss in reputation, at the same time, Chu Du had thought that Feng Jiu Ge really wanted his true heaven silver.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s second weakness was that he did not have accomplices. He was also using a fake identity, he had a lot of worries and restrictions binding him. He was not like Fang Yuan, who had Tai Bai Yun Sheng assisting him, it could save a lot of trouble.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s third misfortune was that his opponent, Fang Yuan was not normal, he was a reborn person. With his previous life’s memories, even if he did not know the truth, he could deduce some secrets based on the huge events that had happened.


 Fang Yuan sat down and continued to think while bidding against Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The situation had changed again.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan was in the dark, but now he had a grasp of the situation, he found out Swordmaster You Lan’s motive.


 Even though he did not know about the true identity of ‘Swordmaster You Lan’, Fang Yuan had the initiative now, Feng Jiu Ge did not know that Fang Yuan had seen through his motives, this was a great opportunity where the enemy was exposed while he was hidden.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was pondering over an issue. Should he keep Delight in Water and Mountain, causing Spirit Affinity House’s plans to fail, or trade it for the cauldron strength Immortal Gu, or directly sell the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to Swordmaster You Lan?


 Fang Yuan was open-minded, he was not against others gaining advantages. If he could satisfy Spirit Affinity House and gain a huge amount of benefits, Fang Yuan would do it.


 But on the other hand, Fang Yuan did not want to give up cauldron strength Immortal Gu.


 Such a strength path defensive Immortal Gu was very rare, once he missed it, he might not find another again.


 Just as Fang Yuan was hesitating, a voice came from a single room.


 “A wisdom path Immortal Gu, kindness thought Gu, an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, and twice the immortal materials for this cauldron strength Immortal Gu.”


 The entirety of the hall gasped.


 The Gu Immortal who had entered the bidding competition was not a normal person, it was one of the five rank eight experts in Northern Plains, refinement path Gu Immortal Yao Huang!


 “Yao Huang is bidding too?”


 “He is a refinement path Gu Immortal, why does he have needs for strength path too?”


 “Maybe this cauldron strength Immortal Gu involves some immense benefits that we do not know about.”


 In a single room, next to Yao Huang, one of the current leaders of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, Yin Liu Gong, was seated.


 Yin Liu Gong said: “Senior Yao Huang, are you really buying this cauldron strength Immortal Gu?”


 Yao Huang chuckled: “Indeed, I want to refine an Immortal Gu, Resurrection From The Dead, there is an important stage where I need a formless vessel to act as the container during refinement. This vessel needs to be formless and ethereal, and cannot have any trace of the five elements, light or darkness. Thus, fire, ice, wood, metal, qi and other paths would not work. The best path for this is phantom path, followed by strength path, space path, and finally, rule path.”


 Yin Liu Gong realized: “Phantom path Immortal Gu are extremely rare, they are like wisdom path inheritances. Phantom path Immortal Gu that can act as a formless vessel are even rarer. This cauldron strength Immortal Gu, even though it uses strength to create a cauldron, it does not have the five elements or light or darkness in it, it is formless and ethereal, but it can defend against attacks. It is really a top tier vessel for Gu refinement.”


 Yao Huang nodded: “Nurture, use, refinement, they all depend on the person. Immortal Gu are a tool, their use varies from person to person. Little Liu, you should believe my sincerity now, right?”


 Yin Liu Gong smiled bitterly.


 Earlier, when Yao Huang invited him and pulled his hand when entering a single room, it showed that their relationship was close and many Gu Immortals were very envious.


 But the outsiders did not know the details, Yao Huang had his own motives.


 These recent years, Yao Huang had been conducting research on an entirely new Immortal Gu, it was called Resurrection From The Dead.


 Like the name suggested, this Gu could allow a dead person to regain their life.


 Yao Huang walked on the refinement path, he was also most skilled at refining healing Gu worms. Right now, resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu was a new innovation, it would consume a lot of his effort and wealth.


 “In the past, I had been collaborating with your alliance, using immortal zombies as the test subjects to research on the law of life and death. These years, following my accumulations, I’ve made great gains. I have thirty percent confidence of refining the Immortal Gu, Resurrection From The Dead, successfully.” Yao Huang said with much pride.


 “Thirty percent!” Yin Liu Gong showed admiration on his face, a thirty percent chance, this was extremely high for refining Immortal Gu.


 “Once I refine the Immortal Gu, the biggest beneficiary is not me, but your Zombie Alliance instead.” Yao Huang made a bid as he said this to Yin Liu Gong.


 Yin Liu Gong’s heart jumped: “Senior means?”


 “That’s right.” Yao Huang admitted: “This Gu involves the law of life and death, turning from dead to alive, it is suitable for you immortal zombies to regain life, and get rid of your statuses as immortal zombies!”


 “There is actually such an incredible use... as expected of Lord Yao Huang.” Yin Liu Gong was stunned, but he quickly concealed his shock: “But if Lord has this Immortal Gu, not only would the benefits be immense, you could also use it on yourself to extend your lifespan, correct?”


 “Hahaha, Little Liu, you are so smart. Your thinking is right, lifespan Gu are hard to find, I do not have too much life remaining, I have to find other ways to extend my lifespan. How about it, collaborate with me.” Yao Huang smiled as he spoke, admitting openly.


 Yin Liu Gong smiled bitterly: “Lord Yao Huang has seen that I was moved, but to collaborate with senior, junior will have to provide at least ten immortal zombies. Although I am one of the leaders of Zombie Alliance, there are still two others. Even the three of us together are only left to administer the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch. This matter is very important, I need to inform Leader Blazing Heaven.”


 “Ten immortal zombies are the least required. To refine resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu, I will need something that can interact with the life and death dao marks, that is why immortal zombies are the most optimal Gu refinement material. I know that in Earth Trench, your Zombie Alliance has a graveyard. Past generations of immortal zombies are all buried there.” Yao Huang frowned.


 Yin Liu Gong rapidly waved his hands: “Lord Yao Huang, that is not possible. The dead should rest in peace, because we in Zombie Alliance are in this physical state, we place great importance on that. If I dig up their corpses, I will attract the rage of the entirety of Zombie Alliance, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s reputation would be ruined. After all, if we make use of even our own members’ bodies, who would join such a callous organization? I have two immortal zombie bodies in my possession, they are traitors of Zombie Alliance. But even so, I used my killer move, stone casket, to seal them up and place them as defenses for the discussion hall’s doors, they will not be mobilized under normal circumstances!”


 “Hmph, you immortal zombies are so stubborn. If I can refine resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu, it will greatly benefit all of you as well.” Yao Huang showed an unhappy expression, he exerted pressure on Yin Liu Gong.


 Precisely because Zombie Alliance was stubborn regarding this, Yao Huang had once disguised himself and attempted to enter Zombie Alliance in order to steal some immortal zombie bodies.


 Unfortunately, his plans were ruined by the door of the discussion hall.


 Yin Liu Gong was enduring the huge pressure but he did not dare to relent on this matter, he thought over his words and said: “How about this, senior, this matter is too serious, I cannot make the decision alone. In fact, even us three leaders cannot decide this ourselves. We need to inform Leader Blazing Heaven, she will decide! In a few months, I will definitely give you a reply.”


 Yao Huang was unhappy: “You three leaders are really loyal to Blazing Heaven.”


 Yin Liu Gong felt as if cold sweat was pouring from him, listening to Yao Huang’s words, it seemed like he had talked to the other two leaders as well?


 Meanwhile, he said to Yao Huang: “To speak of loyalty, I am ashamed. Honestly speaking, we immortal zombies agree with Zombie Alliance’s rules. After all, most Gu Immortals ostracize us immortal zombies, they look down on us. Zombie Alliance is our home.”


 Yao Huang snorted coldly, he made an offer in the auction again, directing his unhappiness towards the auction itself.


 “I’ll back out.” In the tenth secret room, Fang Yuan spoke.


 Soon after, Tai Bai Yun Sheng in the eleventh secret room also said: “I would not dare to compete with senior Yao Huang, I admit defeat.”


 Yao Huang was after cauldron strength Immortal Gu, this was not his only goal, he also wanted to show Yin Liu Gong his resolution.


 To obtain cauldron strength Immortal Gu, he exposed a portion of his own wisdom path inheritance, and even took out an Immortal Gu to bid.


 The transaction was quickly completed.


 Yao Huang held the cauldron strength Immortal Gu in his hand and sighed: “This is still rank six, it seems I will need to spend some effort to get it to rank seven. That will increase the chances of success when I refine resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu.


 Yin Liu Gong’s heart jumped, he knew that these words were for him. After entering the single room, Yao Huang had been urging him and showing his resolution


 This was the will of a rank eight great expert!


 If he did not settle this properly, he might attract the rage of Yao Huang, the attack of a rank eight great expert would cause an all out war between Yao tribe and Zombie Alliance!


 The Gu Immortals did not expect that this cauldron strength Immortal Gu’s auction would end up with Yao Huang as the winner.


 Fang Yuan backed out when he understood the tough situation, Feng Jiu Ge sighed in relief secretly.


 This situation was good for Feng Jiu Ge’s benefits as well.


 If Fang Yuan succeeded and the seller obtained delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, Feng Jiu Ge would have much greater difficulty in obtaining it.


 The seller wanted the wisdom path Immortal Gu, they would not sell it, and most importantly, Feng Jiu Ge could not find the seller! From start to finish, this person did not expose their location or identity, they had been asking Qin Bai Sheng to represent him.


 With this, one could deduce that the seller was likely a bottom tier Gu Immortal and had weak strength, otherwise, they would not act so timidly and carefully.


 Cauldron strength Immortal Gu’s auction ended, everyone’s attention was drawn to the next Immortal Gu.


 “This is the third luck path Immortal Gu.” A Gu Immortal said.


 The mysterious luck path Immortal Gu were very famous outside. Because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals had a unique attachment to luck path Immortal Gu.


 The second luck path Immortal Gu was called Peach Blossom Luck, it was sold at a high price. The luck path Immortal Gu currently up was called Good Luck. It was a storage Immortal Gu that could gather and store all of the ownerless good luck that dissipated from heaven and earth.


 The seller wanted a fire path Immortal Gu.


 The Gu Immortals fought over it, eventually reaching a deal at a high price.



***
Chapter 758 - Eat Strength


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The following auction was like it had been set up in advance, several luck path Immortal Gu showed up consecutively.


 Leave luck Gu which could rapidly expend luck, seal luck Gu which could seal luck, transfer luck Gu which could transfer luck, as well as the break luck Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan was after!


 Unfortunately, the sellers of all these Immortal Gu had their own desires, they requested for metal, wood, water, fire, earth and other Immortal Gu of mainstream paths. This was a weak point of Fang Yuan, if he could not fulfill this basic requirement, he could not even join in the bidding.


 Fang Yuan had suffered at the hands of luck path previously, but he had also obtained great benefits from luck path. He wanted to observe the situation and see if he could obtain a few luck path Immortal Gu, but now it seemed that he had no chance at all.


 The most regrettable thing was that he missed break luck Immortal Gu by a hair’s breadth.


 Fang Yuan had already obtained connect luck Immortal Gu, it could work in conjunction with break luck Immortal Gu. But unfortunately, his opportunity to obtain it went by unsuccessfully.


 This auction was not set up specifically for him, Fang Yuan had gains, and naturally missed opportunities as well.


 “The next Immortal Gu is a rank seven luck path Immortal Gu, it is called Calamity Beckoning...” It was finally time for calamity beckoning Immortal Gu to be auctioned, Qin Bai Sheng spoke slowly as he introduced it.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu were quite rare. Most of the Immortal Gu in the auction were rank six Immortal Gu.


 Although it was a difference of just one rank, there was a great disparity in value. This was because the chance of raising a rank six Immortal Gu to rank seven was very low, and the cost of refinement was very high.


 As for rank eight Immortal Gu, they did not appear in this auction.


 The Gu Immortals in the hall heard that it was a rank seven Immortal Gu and showed some interest, they looked over with gazes of anticipation.


 But after learning about calamity beckoning Immortal Gu’s use, they all shook their heads.


 Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu’s use was to help others by harming oneself, helping another person undergo tribulation, and attract the calamity or tribulation to oneself.


 Giving up oneself to save others, this was not impossible, but often benefits and exchanges were involved.


 Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu did not have zero demand, some large forces needed it to help their own members. Furthermore, some Gu Immortals were moved, they could use this Gu to help others and earn some profits from it.


 But Fang Yuan wanted a rank seven strength path Immortal Gu, in the entirety of the auction hall, nobody made an offer.


 Fang Yuan saw that the situation was not going well, he quickly informed Qin Bai Sheng that they could also use rank seven time path Immortal Gu to trade for it, but there were no responses.


 “It really is calamity beckoning Immortal Gu, I wonder if this Immortal Gu came from the Gu Immortal in the tenth secret room?” Feng Jiu Ge thought over it before communicating with Qin Bai Sheng, requesting to talk to the owner of calamity beckoning Immortal Gu.


 “Fairy You Lan, you finally lost your patience...” Fang Yuan snorted, he rejected this request unhesitatingly.


 Eventually, because nobody bid for it, calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was not sold.


 Fang Yuan was mentally prepared for this result. After all, he was asking for a rank seven Immortal Gu,and he wanted a strength path Immortal Gu at that, there were few of such Immortal Gu. Most importantly, compared to other Immortal Gu, calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was not as attractive, thus nobody bid for it.


 Fang Yuan’s calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was not the only Immortal Gu that went unsold.


 At the start, there was the conceal luck Immortal Gu that went unsold, after that, several other Gu suffered the same fate.


 There was still a chance left for these unsold Immortal Gu.


 After the auction, there was still an event, the open transaction.


 During the open transaction, they could still sell these Immortal Gu.


 As time continued to pass, more and more Immortal Gu were showcased and bought. The anticipation of the Gu Immortals also accumulated gradually.


 There were few Immortal Gu left on the list, they soon would all be presented. The most important item in the auction was about to be showcased, it was the essence of the luck path true inheritance that Qin Bai Sheng obtained!


 “The following Immortal Gu is called delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, it is of wisdom path and rank six. The seller is requesting for a rank six strength path Immortal Gu, it would be best if it is a defensive Immortal Gu.” Qin Bai Sheng announced.


 When there were only a few Immortal Gu left, it was finally time for Fang Yuan’s delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to be auctioned.


 This time, he still asked for strength path Immortal Gu.


 He did not say a word about the immortal zombie body or the method to regain new life. In fact, he did not even mention the white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 Once these two matters were mentioned, combined with the strength path Immortal Gu, the clues would be too obvious.


 Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, this was known by everyone.


 Even if Fang Yuan did not know about the relationship between Prince Feng Xian and Spirit Affinity House, he would not be brainless enough to make such a request.


 Rank six delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu in exchange for a rank six strength path Immortal Gu, the requirement for this auction was much lower than calamity beckoning Immortal Gu previously.


 Once Qin Bai Sheng spoke, several Gu Immortals started bidding.


 Strength path was declining, but wisdom path was mysterious and unfailingly stable over the ages. In the eyes of many Gu Immortals, a rank six wisdom path Immortal Gu was much more attractive than a rank six strength path Immortal Gu.


 At once, regarding the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, the auction hall’s atmosphere became incredibly heated.


 Fang Yuan carefully listened to the bids as he remained unmoved, he was waiting for Swordmaster You Lan to bid.


 Before long, ‘Swordmaster You Lan’ indeed entered the bid: “I have an eat strength Immortal Gu with me. This Gu is not only of strength path, but also of food path, it is a strength path cultivation type Immortal Gu, one may consume beast meat or vegetation related to strength path, in order to allow strength path dao marks to grow naturally on the Gu Immortal’s body, they would fully fit with one’s own body.”


 Once he said that, almost all of the Gu Immortals’ attentions were drawn over.


 “This is a good Immortal Gu.”


 “For a strength path Gu Immortal, this is really hard to come by!”


 “Food path has long since vanished, its condition is worse than strength path. At least strength path had flourished once before, but food path did not, it has almost completely disappeared now. All that I’ve heard of it is that it is very useful for nurturing Gu.”


 Hearing the discussions of the Gu Immortals in the main hall, Feng Jiu Ge smiled lightly.


 This Immortal Gu did not come from the ten great sects of Central Continent, Feng Jiu Ge had requested it from Prince Feng Xian not long ago because he knew that Fang Yuan would make such a requirement.


 Although he had many Immortal Gu, regarding strength path, he only had Pulling Mountain and Pulling Water.


 Meanwhile, Prince Feng Xian happened to have this.


 It turned out that after Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, a formless hand flew out and landed near Prince Feng Xian’s grotto-heaven. After Prince Feng Xian broke the formless hand personally, he captured the eat strength Immortal Gu.


 This Gu was very useful to strength path Gu Immortals, but to Prince Feng Xian, it had little use. After receiving Feng Jiu Ge’s letter regarding requesting assistance, as people from the same sect, Prince Feng Xian used his method to secretly send this Immortal Gu into Feng Jiu Ge’s blessed land.


 “Fairy You Lan, I wonder if you can sell this Gu to me? I am willing to use another strength path Immortal Gu to exchange for it, I will provide valuable immortal materials as well, and I will not interfere with you in the bid for delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu.” Soon, Chu Du sent a message.


 “Domination Immortal was moved, but that is natural. However, how can the Gu that he wants to exchange with it be more attractive than eat strength Gu, even if they are both of strength path?” Feng Jiu Ge replied, rejecting Chu Du’s request.


 He smiled more confidently now, since the tenth secret room’s mysterious Gu Immortal wanted a strength path Immortal Gu, he was likely to be a strength path Gu Immortal. Even if he was not, the allure of eat strength Immortal Gu would definitely be very high to this person.


 Everything went as Feng Jiu Ge had expected, after Fang Yuan heard the description for eat strength Immortal Gu, he was surprised and overjoyed.


 This eat strength Immortal Gu was too suitable for him!


 Regarding a Gu Immortal’s cultivation, it mainly involved undergoing tribulations in their immortal aperture. With each successful tribulation, the Gu Immortal’s body would have an increase in dao marks of their own path.


 The more dao marks on a Gu Immortal’s body, the closer they would be to heaven and earth, and the closer to the laws of the Great Dao. The stronger the tribulation, the more dao marks would be etched on them after completing it.


 Thus, when assessing a Gu Immortal’s cultivation level, they would usually use standards like one heavenly tribulation, or two heavenly tribulations.


 The more numerous their dao marks, the greater resonance they could cause when using the corresponding Immortal Gu, and the greater effect that Immortal Gu could unleash.


 When Fang Yuan used worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, the strength path dao marks on his body were unrelated to Worldly Wave Trace’s water path dao marks, there even was conflict. Thus, the result was not great, he could only use about sixty to seventy percent of its power.


 But if Fang Yuan used a strength path Immortal Gu like Pulling Mountain or Pulling Water, his own body and the Immortal Gu would resonate, not only would he be able to amplify the effect of the Immortal Gu, he could even unleash a hundred and thirty percent of its power! Furthermore, the more they resonated, the more Fang Yuan would be able to comprehend the laws of strength path personally when he used the Immortal Gu. The more his understanding grew, the more his strength path attainment will deepen, and his foundation would accumulate gradually. One day, he would achieve a qualitative breakthrough.


 But despite that!


 Fang Yuan’s greatest problem was that he was an immortal zombie, his immortal aperture was dead. Every once in a while, a portion of his blessed land would disintegrate, but he would also face no tribulations.


 The way of heaven was to be balanced and fair, calamities and tribulations would only be unleashed on small worlds that had blessings. The greater the fortune, the stronger the calamities and tribulations.


 Immortal zombies did not need to face tribulations, that was a good thing. After all, with a dead aperture, if they had to undergo calamities and tribulations as well, there was no way to survive.


 But to Fang Yuan, without any calamities and tribulations, he would not have any growth of dao marks, and his cultivation level would stagnate.


 “Of course, to increase my dao marks, I can use Immortal Gu like iron crown eagle strength Gu to form dao marks on my body. But such beast strength Immortal Gu are not suited for the human body, and the number of dao marks is very sparse, there is little effect. The dao marks generated by two or three beast strength Immortal Gu are less than the amount gained from undergoing one earthly calamity.”


 Fang Yuan had the experience of using beast strength Gu worms.


 Beast strength did not suit the human body, they were not easy to use. Beast phantoms could only be unleashed sometimes, but not always.


 Like the iron crown eagle strength Gu, it could carve a portion of the iron crown eagle’s strength path dao marks onto his body. But these dao marks did not suit Fang Yuan’s physical body, because the structure of the human body was different from an eagle.


 When the dao marks of the iron crown eagle resonated with Fang Yuan, only then would he be able to unleash the strength of an iron crown eagle, along with summoning an iron crown eagle strength path phantom.


 Unless he had all-out effort Immortal Gu.


 All-out effort’s true effect was to allow complete resonance of the strength path dao marks carved on a person’s body.


 But Fang Yuan’s all-out effort Gu was only rank four. Although it was a vital Gu, he had no idea how to refine it into an Immortal Gu. The Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu had been lost over the course of the long river of time.


 In this regard, Fang Yuan’s greatest hope was Lang Ya land spirit. There were several thousand Immortal Gu recipes in Lang Ya blessed land, there was hope that one of them was the Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu.



***
Chapter 759 - Successful Extortion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 But at the moment, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit’s relationship had not deepened to the point of trading Immortal Gu recipes between them. Even when it came to mortal Gu recipes, Lang Ya land spirit treasured them greatly and refused to sell them.


 When it was related to matters involving the refinement of Gu, Lang Ya land spirit was always very stingy. Earlier, Fang Yuan was willing to pay a high price to buy his hairy men. However, these hairy man slaves were involved with the refinement of Gu, Lang Ya land spirit treated them like treasures and would not sell them, not to mention Gu recipes.


 But if Fang Yuan obtained eat strength Immortal Gu, the situation would improve drastically for him.


 Eat strength Immortal Gu could allow a Gu Immortal to grow strength path dao marks. Because of that, the dao marks that they gained would definitely be perfectly suited for their own body. Fang Yuan’s cultivation level had stagnated, he could certainly rely on this Immortal Gu to make some form of compensation in that regard.


 Fang Yuan was moved now.


 One could say that as long as one was a strength path Gu Immortal, they would definitely be moved when they saw the eat strength Immortal Gu!


 “With this strength path Immortal Gu, I am not afraid that the other party will remain unmoved.” Feng Jiu Ge sat down calmly, feeling very confident in his heart.


 Once this Gu appeared, almost all of the bids of the competitors for the Immortal Gu seemed much inferior. As long as one was not an idiot, they would be able to see the benefits of eat strength Immortal Gu.


 “If I did not find out the flaw, I might have traded for this Gu already. What a pity for you...” Fang Yuan was laughing coldly to himself internally.


 At this time, from the twenty-third secret room, someone reported a price: “One iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu, as well as fifteen drops of the immortal material rule eye blood.”


 Hearing this voice, Fang Yuan’s smile became wider.


 Earlier, he had used rising azure cloud Immortal Gu to exchange for an iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu. But during that process, he did not expose his identity. He had confirmed the buyer through informing Qin Bai Sheng.


 Thus, other than Qin Bai Sheng himself, none of the other Gu Immortals present knew who the iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu ended up with.


 Qin Bai Sheng had signed an agreement, he would naturally not leak any information on this.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could use it to bid freely.


 As for the person inside the twenty-third secret room, it was none other than Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 In order to obtain delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, Feng Jiu Ge had made many preparations earlier, asking Prince Feng Xian for help. How could Fang Yuan not make some prior arrangements himself?


 He had already asked Qin Bai Sheng and secretly changed Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s room to another secret room.


 Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not expose his or Fang Yuan’s identity when he was in the eleventh secret room, it was undoubtedly much safer for him to change his room now.


 After Tai Bai Yun Sheng made the bid, Fang Yuan did not make any response for a long time.


 As time passed slowly, Feng Jiu Ge started to inwardly frown. Domination Immortal Chu Du had also started bidding. He offered another beast strength Immortal Gu, while also adding some immortal material in the bid.


 Chu Du did not want delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, but he had a use for it. He was a strength path Gu Immortal, the reason why he was giving up a strength path Immortal Gu was because he wanted the eat strength Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan chuckled lightly, he immediately understood Chu Du’s intentions.


 It was Chu Du’s own fault for exposing his identity, it forced him into a passive situation.


 Regarding Chu Du’s sudden interference, Fang Yuan was happy to see such a situation, he remained silent as he allowed the auction to continue proceeding.


 Under his request, Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued to raise his bid again.


 Feng Jiu Ge frowned even more deeply, he had no choice but to start raising his bid as well.


 The moment he spoke, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would follow up and make a bid, his attitude was imposing, as if he definitely had to obtain this Immortal Gu no matter what.


 Feng Jiu Ge could not help but become suspicious: Was this eat strength Gu too unattractive to the person inside the tenth secret room? Or was he just trying to be greedy and was waiting for the bid to rise?


 Feng Jiu Ge did not fall into the trap easily, he was the shining exemplar of a generation after all, he decided to pause now. That way, he could analyze the situation more clearly from the outside, he would also be able to probe Fang Yuan’s true intentions.


 Swordmaster You Lan stopped bidding, it was as if she did not want to lose eat strength Immortal Gu, thus she had backed out of the competition.


 Such a situation quickly attracted the attention of all the Gu Immortals.


 The happiest one was obviously Chu Du, he sent a message again and urged Feng Jiu Ge to sell the eat strength Immortal Gu to him.


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed lightly, rejecting him once again.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan instructed Tai Bai Yun Sheng to continue raising his bid.


 As the price increased steadily, it became very expensive, most of the Gu Immortals started backing out of this, they were stating that this price was too high.


 Eventually, only Chu Du and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were left bidding.


 Chu Du was currently having a tough time. His real motive was to obtain eat strength Immortal Gu, but Feng Jiu Ge refused to sell it to him, it seemed like he still wanted to bid for the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu.


 Chu Du did not dare to be complacent, he quickly followed along with the bidding. On one hand, he wanted to prevent the eat strength Immortal Gu from falling into someone else’s possession, and on the other hand, if he obtained delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, he would have a huge chance of using it to trade Gu with Swordmaster You Lan.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s intentions were very simple and pure. He just did whatever his junior brother asked him to do. Even if he won the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, that was fine! After all, whatever price he paid would still return to his own pockets.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s strategy was also very simple. That was to sit this out for now and reap the spoils later, by the time the competition was almost over, he would jump in and raise the price by a huge margin, winning all at once.


 These three people, because of their own goals and intentions, created a stalemate by pure chance.


 As the situation continued to stall, after a few more rounds, someone among the Gu Immortals in the main hall came to a sudden realization, he shouted subconsciously: “Why is this delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu so popular now? There are so many immortal materials listed, the bid has reached such a high price!”


 The others quickly became aware of this fact as well.


 “That’s right, it is so high now.”


 “A wisdom path Immortal Gu that can only produce joyful will is actually reaching such a high price, this is a rare sight.”


 “In my opinion, the only reason why this is reaching such a high price is due to the involvement of Lord Chu Du. He is willing to give up a strength path Immortal Gu in order to obtain Delight in Water and Mountain, I am sure he has his motives.”


 Chu Du, who had just been mentioned, was not in a good state currently.


 His face was full of worries, his financial power right now was truly lacking.


 “Sigh, if I had known this, I would have stalled my tribulation.” The intense pressure coming from Tai Bai Yun Sheng made Chu Du feel very uncomfortable.


 “Since when did I, the great Domination Immortal, get into such a pathetic state?” Chu Du had incredible battle strength, but in this huge auction, battle strength was not the key, it was one’s financial power.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng got instructions from Fang Yuan and continued to raise his bid.


 Chu Du gritted his teeth and hung on.


 After severals rounds like this, delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu’s price continued to rise under the eyes of all the Gu Immortals present.


 Qin Bai Sheng had been observing quietly, by this point, he could not help but praise inwardly: “This Sha Huang is really a brilliant person despite being an immortal zombie, he is not simple! But Chu Du’s financial limits are already clear now, he is hesitating when bidding. If it were me, I would take the opportunity and sell it now.”


 Qin Bai Sheng knew: Although Fang Yuan’s plan seemed simple, executing it was no easy feat. Having to plan matters out while simultaneously executing them, it required a lot of foresight and the ability to read people’s minds. If he went overboard even a little, his profits would vanish like a puff of smoke.


 However, it seemed like Fang Yuan did not know what ‘going overboard’ meant, he continued getting Tai Bai Yun Sheng to raise the bid, acting imposingly.


 Chu Du was finally unable to continue, his forehead was full of sweat.


 His gaze pierced into the single room, looking at the direction of the twenty-third secret room, he was thinking about the person inside, he probably had a special need for delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, otherwise he would not bid at such a high price with an attitude of an unrelenting, fierce tiger.


 “So be it.” Chu Du sighed deeply, keeping quiet as he stopped bidding.


 At this point, only Tai Bai Yun Sheng was left.


 But even so, Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued to report a bid, raising the price by another margin.


 Meanwhile, Swordmaster You Lan did not make a single sound, it was as if she had already backed out of the current bid.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, transmitting his decision to Qin Bai Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng heard this news and was first stunned, why was he selling it to his ally? But he quickly understood that perhaps Sha Huang and Bai Sheng were not as intimate as they appeared to be.


 He thought about this and his mind cleared up. But deep down, he still felt that there was something weird going on.


 Qin Bai Sheng shook his head mentally, he was on the stage and had no time to waste, he announced: “Twenty-third secret room, going once.”


 After pausing for a short while, he continued: “Twenty-third secret room, going twice.”


 The Gu Immortals in the main hall talked to themselves softly.


 “It seems that the victor of this round is the twenty-third secret room.”


 “That’s right, they seem to have great interest in Delight in Water and Mountain, even after Domination Immortal backed out, he still continued to raise the bid alone, his motive was to pull some distance and prevent the seller from having any intentions to sell the Immortal Gu at the last moment to Domination Immortal.”


 “This price is truly very high, many of the immortal materials are making me drool. To think that towards the end of the auction, there is still such a high price being sold, this can squeeze into the top ten most expensive auction rounds.”


 The situation was now set, Fang Yuan started to get nervous.


 He squinted his eyes as his heart wavered slightly: “Maybe... my analysis earlier was wrong?”


 “Twenty-third secret room, going thri...” Qin Bai Sheng shouted until here, before someone interrupted him.


 Feng Jiu Ge spoke: “Eat strength Immortal Gu, and on top of what the twenty-third secret room is bidding, I will add in another four hundred kilograms of red refinement metal!”


 Four hundred kilograms of red refinement metal, this elevated the price again. This was a huge bid that exceeded what Tai Bai Yun Sheng had done earlier in his individual bids.


 Everyone gasped sharply, they did not think that at the last moment, there would be such a huge change.


 Qin Bai Sheng was also stunned for a while.


 Chu Du’s expression turned pale, but he soon sighed to himself gloomily.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Great, Swordmaster You Lan, you were truly very patient!”


 From the twenty-third secret room, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s voice could be heard, he sounded like he was extremely annoyed at his plan being thwarted, he continued to bid in an angry tone.


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed bitterly to himself, after observing for so long, he had already believed that the person inside the twenty-third secret room was serious about bidding.


 “My luck this time was truly horrible. The two Immortal Gu that I wanted to buy were both met with tough competitors. The most important thing was, these two competitors were very affluent and wealthy.”


 “No, the auction did not disallow the exchanging of secret rooms. There is also another possibility, that the secret rooms all belong to one person. Maybe he knows about the matter of Water Pavilion? After all, Mo Yao did leave behind an inheritance... or maybe, it is the other nine sects of Central Continent that do not want to see my Spirit Affinity House regain...”


 Feng Jiu Ge was a very intelligent person, but intelligent people tended to overthink matters.


 “Regardless of the situation, for the sake of Water Pavilion, I need to obtain this delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu no matter what!” Feng Jiu Ge quickly made up his mind, bidding again.


 He and Tai Bai Yun Sheng bid back and forth, both refusing to relent.


 Under the shocked gazes of the Gu Immortals, delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu’s price continued to soar higher. It soon went into the top five prices.


 Soon after, it climbed to the second spot at an alarming rate.


 The highest price was naturally Feng Jiu Ge’s two for one exchange to buy Fang Yuan’s worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.


 “Don’t tell me I have to do a two for one exchange again?” Feng Jiu Ge’s expression was cold and solemn, he finally experienced what Chu Du was feeling earlier, this was an overbearing pressure that was exerted on him constantly.


 No matter what price he bid, the person in the twenty-third secret room would immediately bid at a higher price.


 Feng Jiu Ge could not sit anymore, he started to pace around in his secret room.


 If a two for one exchange would guarantee him victory, he would do it even if he had to grit his teeth. But he felt something amiss deep within himself, yet he could not state clearly where the problem was.


 “If I do a two for one exchange again, someone who is paying attention might find out my true motive. That will be a huge hindrance when I try to find water harmony Gu in the future.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s target was Water Pavilion, but only two of the three core Immortal Gu appeared in the auction. He naturally wanted to obtain water harmony Gu as well.


 The weird feeling in Feng Jiu Ge’s heart was making him feel a hint of unrest as well.


 He sat back in his seat, deciding to go on the offensive. He shouted his bid again, this time, he requested for the seller to state what he needed, and he would try to fulfill those demands.


 Fang Yuan purposely paused for a moment, to give a false impression that he was in deep thought.


 Next, he gave Qin Bai Sheng a new requirement: a complete wisdom path inheritance.


 Everyone gasped loudly, this price was too high, to think that this person had the guts to say it!


 Feng Jiu Ge was dumbfounded, he indeed had a wisdom path inheritance, but it was incomplete. The seller was acting like this, were they trying to prevent the Immortal Gu from being sold?


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly shouted: “I have an incomplete wisdom path inheritance in my hands.”


 Feng Jiu Ge rapidly followed up: “An incomplete wisdom path inheritance, I have that too.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng snorted coldly, he continued: “May the seller list another request, please!”


 The Gu Immortal looked around at each other, did they hear wrongly, the price was still going to increase further?!


 Qin Bai Sheng was silent for a moment before replying for Fang Yuan: “The seller is requesting a killer move that can disguise one’s identity, the one which is superior will win.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s heart tightened, the seller said that, they were obviously putting more emphasis on the disguising killer move.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly said: “I have a complete killer move, although it is a mortal killer move, it originated from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it is called unfamiliar face!”


 Unfamiliar face? Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!


 The main hall went into a huge commotion.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s forehead was sweating, his arms were tightly grabbing the handle of his seat as his gaze shined anxiously, he hesitated for a moment before shouting as well: “I have a killer move, it is an incomplete immortal move, originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, called vaguely familiar face!”


 Everyone cried out in shock.


 Fang Yuan stood up from his seat excitedly, his eyes shining with brilliance: “It seems that the rumors in my previous life were not baseless, Spirit Affinity House does indeed have the immortal killer move vaguely familiar face!”


 Spirit Affinity House had many good things, but most of their signature collection could not be extorted. Once he did, the other party would understand matters at once. Furthermore, this killer move was the most useful one to Fang Yuan himself.


 Even in his previous life, Spirit Affinity House had the killer move vaguely familiar face, but they did not spread any information about it. During the five regions chaotic war, when spies were abundant, they entered enemy territories and obtained many gains.


 After many times, Gu Immortals among both enemies and allied parties continued to analyze, and confirmed that this was the killer move, vaguely familiar face.


 But Spirit Affinity House refused to admit it.


 After all, as one of the ten great ancient sects, a leader of the righteous path, using a Demon Venerable’s killer move was damaging to their reputation.


 What Fang Yuan did not know was, this immortal killer move belonged to Feng Jiu Ge. In his previous life, Feng Jiu Ge had contributed this killer move to his sect, thus, the rumors from his previous life were started.


 Fang Yuan did not know this fact, and he did not guess that the person bidding was Feng Jiu Ge. But that did not stop him from extorting this killer move.


 Of course, Feng Jiu Ge would not hand over the entire complete immortal killer move to Fang Yuan.


 But an incomplete immortal killer move was already much better than the mortal killer move unfamiliar face.


 Fang Yuan confirmed it on the spot, selling delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to Swordmaster You Lan!


 In this way, not only would he receive a huge amount of immortal materials, filling up half of his list, he even obtained eat strength Immortal Gu, an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, as well as the incomplete immortal killer move vaguely familiar face.



***
Chapter 760 - Essence of the Luck Path True Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge quickly connected and completed the transaction, Qin Bai Sheng had already started the auction of the next Immortal Gu.


 Feng Jiu Ge was expressionless as he looked at the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu in his hands, his gaze flickering slightly.


 The strange feeling he had was still lingering around.


 “After repeated twists and turns, I finally obtained this Immortal Gu. Even if I had to spend quite a lot, but considering the rewards for the sect’s missions, they should be enough to cover for it and even more.”


 Eat strength Immortal Gu might be precious, but it only has use to strength path Gu Immortals.


 “Even though I had to sacrifice vaguely familiar face, it was only a portion of it. Even if I had to give the complete version, the core Immortal Gu are still with me, so I don’t have to fear the other side using it.”


 Feng Jiu Ge thought it over for a while, his expression gradually easing up.


 In the main hall, many Gu Immortals were bidding for the Immortal Gu. While Fang Yuan, similar to Feng Jiu Ge, did not have his attention on the platform, but on the goods he obtained.


 Feng Jiu Ge had let go of eat strength Immortal Gu of his own accord, thus Fang Yuan was able to easily refine it and store it into his immortal aperture.


 This incomplete wisdom path inheritance was slightly more intact than Fang Yuan’s malicious thought inheritance. It had the Gu recipes from rank one to rank five of memory thought Gu, and an Immortal Gu recipe for reminiscence Immortal Gu, as well as several mortal killer moves.


 “This memory thought Gu is rather suitable for me. I can only recall my previous life’s memories roughly, with the help of this Gu, I should be able to recall more clearly. If I can refine the reminiscence Immortal Gu, it would be even better.”


 Fang Yuan checked them and stored this wisdom path inheritance with satisfaction.


 For the time being, he was not planning to try and refine Immortal Gu. There were extremely large costs involved in refining Immortal Gu and the risks were also very high, moreover, Fang Yuan already had many Immortal Gu with him, reminiscence Immortal Gu was not necessary and would only be an additional bonus.


 The most urgent matter at hand for Fang Yuan was to get rid of the immortal zombie body and restore his living status.


 Even though he obtained eat strength Immortal Gu, which could increase dao marks, it was only a slight offset and could not compare to passing tribulations.


 Undergoing tribulation was dangerous but the increase in dao marks from doing so were extremely high. Were it not for this, Hei Lou Lan would not risk her life to pass tribulations.


 Fang Yuan carefully inspected vaguely familiar face.


 This was an incomplete immortal killer move, his initial estimation was that this was only fifty percent complete.


 However, Fang Yuan was already satisfied.


 He knew the other party would not take out the complete immortal killer move and sell it wholly to him. Obtaining this much was already good enough.


 Especially since the contents within did not conceal the crucial core Immortal Gu.


 “The core Immortal Gu are the foundation of the killer move. They are in Spirit Affinity House’s possession, although I can’t obtain it, I can remodel the killer move.”


 Fang Yuan’s intention was this.


 He had attainment in transformation path, and wisdom Gu’s help along with the foundation of vaguely familiar face — the entirety of unfamiliar face.


 With the addition of fifty percent of vaguely familiar face’s contents, he had high confidence.


 “The three stages of familiar face are famous methods of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, but I can take references from them. We are all humans in the end, if others can do it, why can’t I? So there is no need to copy other’s thoughts directly.” Fang Yuan was optimistic about this.


 After a while, Qin Bai Sheng had already auctioned the final few Immortal Gu. Among them, the second last Immortal Gu unfortunately went unsold.


 The anticipation of the Gu Immortals were already pouring out of their gazes.


 Everyone was aware the next would be the main highlight of the auction — auctioning the essence of the luck path true inheritance!


 After secretly getting in contact with Qin Bai Sheng, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng changed their secret rooms.


 Not only them, many Gu Immortals also did the same.


 After all, the essence of the luck path true inheritance had enormous value, many Gu Immortals hoped others would not know what Immortal Gu they obtained.


 Truthfully, the Gu Immortals were allowed to casually change their secret rooms, and it could be said to be one of the loopholes of the auction rules.


 This auction was held in a hurry because of the situation, the loopholes were numerous, nowhere near as watertight as during the time of the five regions chaotic war in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 Regarding this point, Qin Bai Sheng was actually aware of it, but he was helpless.


 He held this auction to protect himself. If he put in too many rules, he would be offending many forces and many people.


 To him, holding the auction was enough. He naturally would not go offend others for this.


 “Now it is time for the auction of the first item of the essence of the luck path true inheritance, it is a set of Gu recipes for luck inspection Gu.” Qin Bai Sheng had just spoken and already attracted the intense attention of many Gu Immortals.


 “Luck inspection Gu!”


 As the name implied, it was an investigative Gu worm that could detect luck.


 Luck was formless and could not be detected by naked eyes or ordinary methods. It could only be done by using this luck inspection Gu.


 It could be said that luck inspection Gu was one of the main foundations of the luck path true inheritance.


 This luck inspection Gu was even more useful to those Gu Immortals who had bought some luck path Immortal Gu beforehand, like leave luck Gu, seal luck Gu, transfer luck Gu, break luck Gu and so on.


 Qin Bai Sheng intentionally placed this set of Gu recipes for luck inspection Gu towards the end because he had thought it through.


 Looking at the restless Gu Immortals, Qin Bai Sheng continued: “This set of luck inspection Gu recipes does not only include the Gu recipes of the mortal Gu from rank one to rank five, it also has a remnant Immortal Gu recipe for rank seven luck inspection Immortal Gu.”


 “Hmm, is there not any luck inspection Immortal Gu?” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu asked.


 Qin Bai Sheng smiled: “There is indeed a luck inspection Immortal Gu which is rank six and is with me, but I don’t want to sell it. But I can guarantee that apart from this Immortal Gu, everything related to luck inspection Gu is being auctioned off.”


 Because of the previous agreement, Qin Bai Sheng’s words were convincing.


 “Not selling luck inspection Immortal Gu?” Immediately, a Gu Immortal in the main hall frowned and showed his dissatisfaction openly.


 Qin Bai Sheng snorted as he gave the speaker a deadly stare: “This is merely a rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu, I am confident of having the ability to protect it. Guo Rong, do you have an opinion? If you buy this Immortal Gu, can you keep it safe?”


 Gu Immortal Guo Rong’s expression changed, and he kept quiet.


 He was only a rank six Gu Immortal while Qin Bai Sheng was a rank seven expert, the two could not be mentioned to be at the same level.


 Guo Rong looked around, and broke into cold sweat, inwardly cursing his mistake! He wanted to borrow everyone’s power to force Qin Bai Sheng. But the other Gu Immortals were just observing like spectators.


 Qin Bai Sheng was indeed forced into holding the auction, but he still had the ability to keep a rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu safe.


 His strength allowed him to do so.


 After this small interlude, Qin Bai Sheng listed the requirements for trade: “Because this does not involve Immortal Gu, you can use any resource to trade for it. Be it immortal essence stones or the immortal materials in the list.”


 Saying so, he took out a list.


 There were a dozen or so immortal materials mentioned on the list, and the requirements for their quantities was not high like the shocking list that Fang Yuan brought out earlier.


 Qin Bai Sheng did not specialize in Gu refinement, Gu refinement consumed extremely large amounts of resources, very few lone cultivators would go down this path, unless they had extremely high talent.


 Fang Yuan guessed that these immortal materials were very likely to be food for Immortal Gu.


 The auction began with an extremely intense atmosphere.


 Because it did not involve Immortal Gu, the threshold for the bidding was low and for a while, most of the Gu Immortals made bids one after the other.


 In the main hall, the sounds of the bids being called out rose and fell, the speed of the bids being called out could be said to be at the peak since the auction began.


 The price quickly soared in the intense atmosphere.


 Qin Bai Sheng looked at all this with a smile on his face. Since he held this auction, he naturally made arrangements that were more profitable to himself.


 Fang Yuan also made bids a few times but was quickly surpassed by others.


 “I have one luck inspection Gu, unfortunately, mortal Gu are not effective against Immortals. This set of mortal Gu recipes has no benefits to me. Qin Bai Sheng has admitted he has the luck inspection Immortal Gu. So, even if I obtain the rank seven remnant recipe and perfect it, Immortal Gu are unique, I won’t be able to refine the rank seven luck inspection Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan sensibly chose to stop bidding.


 He was merely one of those who retreated.


 The intense bidding soon eliminated a large group of people.


 Finally, only some experts like Yao Huang, the Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal, Feng Jiu Ge and Yuan Rang Zun were left.


 These people all had a common point — they were all members of large forces.


 To them, mortal luck inspection Gu were much more attractive than the rank seven remnant recipe.


 Mortal luck inspection Gu could be used to observe the luck of mortals. With them, these forces would have a completely new standard of detecting talents.


 For a long time, the Gu Master world had used aptitude as the standard for inspection.


 Besides the aptitude, there were also individual talents, disposition and fortuitous encounters.


 Talents consisted of battle talent, comprehension, refinement talent and so on, it would gradually be revealed as one continued to cultivate.


 Disposition could be observed through interaction.


 Only fortuitous encounters were hard to measure. Many times, Gu Masters with poor aptitude and talents would soar to the sky, or have an unexpected rise due to fortuitous encounters. This was a common event. Especially in this world, where Gu Masters left behind their inheritances.


 If these forces had this Gu, there was no doubt they could make a more comprehensive inspection of talents and raise more geniuses.


 The individual lone cultivators retreated from the bidding war. But to large forces, the luck inspection Gu had extremely strong attraction, and each of them made fierce bids without conceding.


 Finally, this mortal Gu recipe had reached a high price, and leaders of several forces were almost going to exchange with Immortal Gu.


 It was then that Yao Huang said: “I will guarantee on my name, if I purchase it first, I will put this Gu recipe for sale in the open transaction later.”


 Yao Huang was one of the five great rank eights of Northern Plains with extremely high reputation. He was also a leader of the righteous path, and with his assurance, everyone retreated. Qin Bai Sheng felt very dissatisfied with this, but showed a smile on the surface, not daring to offend Yao Huang.


 “Next, is the second item. A rank seven Immortal Gu of luck path called Reverse Misfortune! As the name implies, this Gu can change a person’s bad luck to good luck!” Qin Bai Sheng introduced loudly.


 This Immortal Gu was similar to Calamity Beckoning Gu. Both were of luck path and both were rank seven, but comparing the responses, they were as distinct as heaven and earth.


 Many rank seven Gu Immortals as well as rank eight great experts made their bids.


 This Immortal Gu was extremely practical and there was no need to use luck inspection Gu with it. It was indeed worthy of being an essence of the luck path true inheritance.


 A fierce competition resulted for Reverse Misfortune, the intense competition was no inferior to a bloodbath in a battlefield.


 Because the starting bid for Reverse Misfortune was a metal path rank seven Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could only watch from the sidelines.


 Finally, the price kept on soaring till it surpassed the high price records of Worldly Wave Trace and Delight in Water and Mountain, and took the first position.



***
Chapter 761 - Auctioning Ma and Zhao


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The intense bidding had finally ended.


 In the end, the rank eight Gu Immortal, Five Elements Grandmaster, used a rank seven metal path and a rank six metal path Immortal Gu, along with countless immortal materials to become the eventual winner.


 Five Elements Grandmaster’s cultivation included the five paths of metal, wood, water, fire, earth. Thus, he had some metal path Immortal Gu as well.


 But this time, he was discarding a portion of his prized collection, it was like he was throwing away a meat filled bun for a less tasty plain bread.


 Fang Yuan found it regrettable, but he had no way to compete in the bidding. Even if he had Gu Immortal captives, in terms of value, they could not compare to this extremely unique Immortal Gu.


 In fact, reverse misfortune Immortal Gu was very suitable with Spring Autumn Cicada.


 The weakness of Spring Autumn Cicada was that it gave the user bad luck. But after using this Immortal Gu, not only could this weakness be solved, the user’s luck could even be improved, turning into good luck.


 Undeniably, the effect of reverse misfortune Immortal Gu was much more convenient than connect luck Immortal Gu.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan’s financial power was at a completely disadvantage compared to people like Five Elements Grandmaster and Yao Huang.


 Fang Yuan had only been an immortal for such a short time, from the point he obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, only two years had passed according to the time of the five regions. Looking at Southern Border, the great battles at Yi Tian mountain had not even begun yet!


 Honestly speaking, Fang Yuan was able to become an immortal zombie in such a short time, developing himself to this point was already very difficult.


 As for Five Elements Grandmaster, Yao Huang, and Feng Jiu Ge, they had already accumulated their wealth for countless years. They had hundreds of thousands of immortal essence stones, in addition to precious immortal materials. The amount of resources their immortal aperture worlds created each year could pile up into a mountain! The resources that they provided could even heavily affect the market in treasure yellow heaven.


 These were all powerhouses, be it their battle strength, financial power, connections, or status, Fang Yuan could not compare with them at this moment.


 After Reverse Misfortune, it was another rank seven Immortal Gu, called Blessing in Disguise.


 This Gu’s ability was quite mystical, it targeted the immortal aperture’s calamities and tribulations.


 After a Gu Immortal undergoes tribulation, the dao marks on their bodies would increase in numbers, causing their cultivation level to progress. This was common knowledge in Gu Immortal cultivation.


 Blessing in disguise Immortal Gu targeted this point. After using it, when a Gu Immortal completes a tribulation, the increase in the number of dao marks on them would be twice that of the original amount!


 This was a terrifying number.


 The reward of one tribulation would be equal to the amount normal people get from two tribulations.


 But this Gu had a flaw, it had to be activated before the calamities and tribulations. It could only stop after the calamities and tribulations had ended. Through the effect of this Gu, the calamities and tribulations would have a thirty to forty percent increase in strength, based on their original power.


 This weakness dampened the enthusiasm in the Gu Immortals slightly. But they could still not resist the temptation.


 Up to forty percent more power in the tribulation in exchange for twice the amount of dao marks, the benefit outweighed the cost.


 For those experts confident in surviving a tribulation, this Immortal Gu had much greater attraction to them.


 A terrifying auction thus unfolded.


 As a metal path Gu Immortal, Qin Bai Sheng naturally requested for a rank seven metal path Immortal Gu as the base bid.


 Eventually, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had sweat on his forehead as he defeated his competitors, obtaining this Gu.


 The following auction items caused surges in turn.


 Fortuitous encounter Immortal Gu that could allow opportunities to arrive for the Gu Immortal themselves.


 Immortal Gu from the five mainstream paths, metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, that were helpful to Gu Immortals.


 An Immortal Gu that operated in both luck path and wisdom path — luck deduction Immortal Gu, it could consume one’s own luck to make deductions on dangers or opportunities in the future.


 Luck suppression Immortal Gu that could suppress the loss of one’s own luck from other Immortal Gu.


 These Immortal Gu were indeed the essence of the luck path true inheritance, not only were they incredible, they had useful effects that broadened everyone’s horizons.


 But these Gu fell into the hands of Yao Huang, Feng Jiu Ge, and the other powerhouses.


 This was an expected situation.


 Fang Yuan wanted to interfere, but he did not have any metal path Immortal Gu.


 This was a helpless matter.


 The other rank six Gu Immortals and most rank seven Gu Immortals were like Fang Yuan, only able to watch these powerhouses compete for Immortal Gu.


 The prices of the auction items created new records, Fang Yuan’s records from the two Immortal Gu he sold were already pushed out of the top ten.


 “The next item is the final, and most important item in this auction.” Qin Bai Sheng introduced it as such.


 His way of speaking immediately attracted the attention of the Gu Immortals.


 Just as everyone was guessing to themselves what Immortal Gu it was, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, who were unconscious, appeared on the stage.


 Qin Bai Sheng spoke at an appropriate time: “Please do not be alarmed, I am sure a lot of Gu Immortals have guessed it already. That is right, these two are the crucial people who were protected by the luck path true inheritance previously. This girl is called Zhao Lian Yun, she was very intelligent since a young age, and had experienced the crucial battle in Imperial Court blessed land. Although she was not the true inheritor, she had obtained a lot of benefits inside the luck path true inheritance light lump, she had obtained a portion of the luck path inheritance. As for this young man, he is Ma Hong Yun, the one and only recognized inheritor of the luck path true inheritance! Not only did he experience the battle in Imperial Court blessed land, he even has had the fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu used on him.”


 Once he said that, the commotion was like a huge wave.


 Countless heated gazes were tightly fixed on Ma Hong Yun.


 “Did I hear wrongly? It is really fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu?”


 “Fortune Rivalling Heaven! This is the trump card Gu of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Although it was not recorded in history, there were many rumors that praised this Immortal Gu endlessly!”


 “But this fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu seems to be a consumable Gu, it can only be used once.”


 “Since it is the rank eight Fortune Rivalling Heaven, could brother Qin use the rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu to check it?” In the main hall, a Gu Immortal suddenly questioned.


 Qin Bai Sheng smiled as he replied: “According to the information that I obtained in the true inheritance, unless it is the rank eight luck inspection Immortal Gu, one cannot see the true appearance of Fortune Rivalling Heaven. Luck inspection Immortal Gu below rank eight can only see a portion of it. And that is only because the other party did not use any concealment method. Honestly speaking, I have already used the rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu to find out some traces of Fortune Rivalling Heaven. As for why I am so certain that Fortune Rivalling Heaven was used on Ma Hong Yun, that is because I have searched their souls.”


 “If you buy one of them and conduct soul searching, you will be able to see what happened inside Imperial Court blessed land. By then, you will know that my words are true. At the same time, these two inherited a huge portion of the luck path true inheritance. During the process of soul searching, you will be able to learn what they had learned in the inheritance.”


 Saying this, Qin Bai Sheng paused and said in an enticing tone: “I have bad news to share with everyone first. The luck path true inheritance is undoubtedly incomplete, the details do not contain the Immortal Gu recipe of fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu. But there is good news, in the inheritance details, there is a method to take back Fortune Rivalling Heaven. It is possible to reverse refine the used fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu and obtain the original Immortal Gu. Of course, during the process of refinement, the main material would be this young man, Ma Hong Yun.”


 Hearing these words, most of the Gu Immortals had eyes shining like they were going to burst out in fire, some even gulped, as everyone was filled with anticipation and desire!


 Qin Bai Sheng’s lips curled, he showed a confident smile: “I feel that these two youngsters can best represent the essence of the luck path true inheritance. I will not be setting a base price for them, because they are not Immortal Gu. You can bid for one of them, or both of them at the same time. We will start now!”


 “No base price? I will offer three hundred immortal essence stones!” One person shouted within the hall of enthusiastic Gu Immortals.


 “Thirty thousand immortal essence stones.” Feng Jiu Ge said coldly, multiplying the bid by a hundred times!


 But this price could not stop the enthusiasm of the other experts, it could only deny most of the bottom tier Gu Immortals.


 Yao Huang, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, Five Elements Grandmaster, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, they were still bidding, and the representatives of the super forces were not showing weakness either.


 The price skyrocketed at an extremely fast pace!


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself.


 His financial power was like an ant compared to these giants. Unless he put all of his Gu Immortal captives on the line, he could not contest with them.


 But Fang Yuan would not do this.


 He was already on the strength path, and was planning to go into time path, he was not going to develop his luck path attainment. And he was also the main culprit of the Imperial Court blessed land incident, he had experienced more of that series of events than Ma and Zhao, he knew most of the inner details.


 Regarding the information of the luck path true inheritance as well as the reverse refinement of fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, they were very tempting indeed.


 But fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu was rank eight, Fang Yuan was only rank six, how could he refine it? His finances would definitely be unable to support it. Furthermore, even if he succeeded, he did not have the ability to keep it.


 The bidding of Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun lasted for much of the hour.


 Eventually, two unthinkable prices stood at the top two spots, at the record highest prices in this auction.


 The second spot was Feng Jiu Ge, he had bought Zhao Lian Yun.


 The one who obtained Ma Hong Yun was the rank eight great expert Old Ancestor Xue Hu. The leader of Snowy Mountain blessed land, the number one person in the demonic path, had shown his incredible wealth at the end of the auction.


 Before this, he had always concealed himself, barely buying anything. Towards the end, he dealt a heavy blow and swept his enemies away.


 Many Gu Immortals, especially the representatives from the super forces who had the Huang Jin bloodline, had no choice but to watch as Ma Hong Yun fell into the hands of the demonic path.


 Yao Huang sighed, he had bought many things already and expended a large amount of wealth, at the final moment, he lost to Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 “But thankfully, Zhao Lian Yun is still in the hands of our Northern Plains’ righteous path.” The Gu Immortals that had the Huang Jin bloodline consoled themselves.


 What they did not know was, Swordmaster You Lan, who was representing Prince Feng Xian, was an imposter called Feng Jiu Ge.


 Speaking of which, this was really ironic.


 During his life, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had kept the luck path true inheritance as a deep secret, setting up layers of protection and thinking of passing the complete version down to his descendants. In the end, the luck path true inheritance became incomplete and was split up by everyone, circulating into the entire world. The most important inheritors were even held in the hands of people who were not part of the Huang Jin bloodline.



***
Chapter 762 - Red Fiend Divine Boat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “The main auction has ended. Next, there will be a two hour break for everyone to move around in the auction hall. Two hours later, we will have the open transaction.”


 After Qin Bai Sheng said that, he left the stage.


 He was tired, as the host the entire time, especially when he auctioned the essence of the luck path true inheritance, because his own benefits were at stake, he made many schemes during the process.


 Even though there were many traces and most of the Gu Immortals present could tell, the profits were too immense, Qin Bai Sheng could not care less.


 “After this auction is over, I will escape and hide from the world. After managing and processing my gains for most of a century, I will roam the world after that.” Qin Bai Sheng decided in his head.


 He was the biggest winner of this auction. The immortal materials he obtained could pile into a mountain, he also obtained many metal path Immortal Gu that were compatible with him.


 The saying goes: Humans die for wealth and birds die for food. Profits could move the human heart, even if Gu Immortals ordinarily appeared to be unconcerned with worldly matters, that was only because mortal materials cannot satisfy their desires.


 Auctioning the essence of the luck path true inheritance was extremely profitable, it was greatly heated. Even the rank seven expert, Qin Bai Sheng, had felt uneasy.


 In the main hall, discussions soon commenced. Many Gu Immortals came out of the single rooms and mixed into the group, engaging in conversations together.


 Qin Bai Sheng left a two hour break for everyone, he had his own intentions.


 It was not really a time to rest, but it was for the Gu Immortals to communicate with each other and interact.


 From the auction earlier, everyone had gained a certain level of understanding towards each other’s resources. Now, to exchange for the things they wanted, they would naturally need to interact first.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng sat in the secret rooms and did not move.


 Unfamiliar face was a mortal killer move, it had limited effect and the two had to be careful, they could not expose themselves.


 Fang Yuan felt some regret that he was unable to obtain anything in the luck path true inheritance. Especially Ma and Zhao, the people who knew the truth of the Imperial Court incident, Fang Yuan wanted to deal with them. But he did not have enough strength, he could only watch and could not interfere, there was nothing he could do.


 Thankfully, he had not sold the Gu Immortal captives in his hands yet, there was the open trading later, he could still look forward to that.


 Two hours later, Qin Bai Sheng stepped onto the stage again, announcing the start of the open transactions.


 For the sake of fairness, he did the same thing again, using Gu worms to choose a lucky person to enter the stage first.


 This first Gu Immortal took out a large amount of an immortal material, broken wave flowers, his request was — prosperity soil.


 Broken wave flowers grew in large rivers, they were magical flowers born during the moments where waves appeared and vanished. Because they had a short lifespan, they were hard to gather.


 As for prosperity soil, diamond soil, green fist soil... these soils were highly sought after items by Gu Immortals.


 Gu Immortals develop their immortal apertures, they use the resources produced in their immortal apertures to cultivate, the fertility of their soil played a huge role in this. Prosperity soil could grow all sorts of flowers, diamond soil could grow minerals, while green fist soil could accumulate and gather the fertility to prevent it from vanishing, it was suited for immortal apertures with terrain resembling barren lands, like deserts.


 Gu Immortals who owned prosperity soil were not few. Immediately, they started speaking, asking how much was needed for the trade.


 The seller on the stage actually had large numbers of broken wave flowers. After trading for one thousand and five hundred kilograms of prosperity soil, he waved his hand and left the stage.


 The difference between the auction and the open transaction was very obvious.


 The auction was for valuable items, they had a huge prerequisite for bidders. The open transaction often involved scattered trades, the entry level was low.


 But this was not universal.


 After several Gu Immortals, a Gu Immortal who did not want to expose themselves showed an Immortal Gu and asked Qin Bai Sheng to sell it for them.


 This Immortal Gu was one that did not get sold earlier, the seller had lowered their requirements greatly.


 But even so, the request was still an Immortal Gu. There were a few people who responded, they wanted the price to be lower. The seller refused and eventually, the trade failed and this Immortal Gu returned to the seller’s hands.


 When it was Fang Yuan’s turn, more than thirty rounds had passed.


 “The thirty-seventh secret room is selling a Gu Immortal captive.” Qin Bai Sheng said as he displayed the sleeping Gu Immortal inside the sleeping cloud coffin.


 Immediately, the auction hall went into a commotion.


 The slave trade industry was well known by every immortal. But to sell Gu Immortals like they were slaves, this was an extremely rare event! For many Gu Immortals, this was the first time they had seen it.


 At once, Gu Immortals discussed as their expressions varied.


 When Qin Bai Sheng announced it again, the scattered conversations in the hall became softer.


 Someone asked for the details.


 Qin Bai Sheng introduced: “This Gu Immortal captive might be familiar to some of you, he is Loner Hong Yu, a rank six fire path Gu Immortal. His cultivation is at one heavenly tribulation. This is the situation inside his blessed land, you can all take a look.”


 Saying so, the image on the stage changed, reflecting the situation of Loner Hong Yu’s immortal aperture.


 “This blessed land is a little barren.”


 “Yes, managing his blessed land so poorly, no wonder he was captured alive.”


 “Don’t forget, the Gu Immortal who captured him must have already looted his blessed land already.”


 “To us fire path Gu Immortals, isn’t it better if this Loner Hong Yu’s cultivation is lower?”


 The Gu Immortals were moved.


 Fire path Gu Immortals had great demand for Loner Hong Yu’s immortal aperture. Once they swallowed his blessed land, they could skip one heavenly tribulation, many earthly calamities, and gain cultivation levels out of nowhere, the foundation of their blessed land would surge by a huge amount!


 Even if one was not a fire path Gu Immortal, most of the Gu Immortals also wanted the blessed land.


 Even if their paths were different and they could not swallow the blessed land, they could still occupy this owner-less blessed land after killing him, and obtain a good territory to manage.


 If they managed it well, the blessed land would be like a source of treasures, producing resources endlessly, sustaining the Gu Immortal’s cultivation needs.


 Just as Qin Bai Sheng had expected, Loner Hong Yu became a sought after commodity.


 Fang Yuan listed a broad range of requests. First, he listed a large amount of immortal materials, next was killer moves from strength path, poison path, time path and wisdom path. Next was all sorts of Gu recipes, the rarer they were the better. After that, he asked for desolate beast corpses, food path inheritances or clues for them, wisdom path inheritances or clues, time path inheritances or clues. Finally, he asked for battle bone wheel Gu, the recipes for white bone chariot, lifespan Gu and others.


 Eventually, Loner Hong Yu went into Five Elements Grandmaster’s hands.


 Five Elements Grandmaster cultivated metal, wood, water, fire, earth, all five paths, Loner Hong Yu’s immortal aperture was useful to him.


 After selling Loner Hong Yu, the next person was up.


 According to the rules of the open transaction, each Gu Immortal could only sell one thing in each round.


 This was for fairness.


 Fang Yuan was not anxious, he patiently waited. After some rounds, he had sold more than half of his Gu Immortal captives. Not only did he finish Lang Ya land spirit’s checklist, he even had extra. Not only this, Fang Yuan also obtained the corpse of a desolate beast bat.


 During this period of time, he noticed that he was not the only one selling Gu Immortal captives.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sold them openly. The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal sold three immortal zombie bodies, causing the displeasure of Yin Liu Gong and Dragon Commander Ye Cha. But in the end, Yao Huang joyfully bought these three immortal zombie bodies.


 After seeing this, Fang Yuan relaxed a bit.


 Lang Ya land spirit was not the only one capable of capturing Gu Immortals. No matter how excellent you are, there is always someone more excellent than you, there were more capable people among other Gu Immortals.


 During this period of time, Fang Yuan had changed his room continuously, obscuring his traces and preventing others from finding out that he was the person who was selling most of the Gu Immortal captives.


 Gradually, more and more Gu Immortals stopped trading, they chose to watch on the sidelines.


 They had basically accomplished their respective goals.


 The remaining Gu Immortals, even though they were few in number, the goods they were selling were getting more precious and valuable.


 By the ninth round, Gu Immortals were starting to leave. Just as Fang Yuan thought that the last of his Gu Immortal captives would be sold routinely, Qin Bai Sheng’s expression changed, as he received a major request from a lone cultivator.


 He raised his voice as he said: “Next, we will be selling the complete Gu recipe of the Immortal Gu House, Red Fiend Divine Boat, as well as the method to use it. The seller is requesting for anything that can assist them in cultivating wood path.”


 “What? Red Fiend Divine Boat?!”


 “They are selling this Immortal Gu House?”


 “Why are they selling it now? The auction is nearing its end!”


 “Haha, the people who left earlier must be dying of regret.”


 In two single rooms, Yin Liu Gong and Dragon Commander Ye Cha had very ugly expressions.


 Zombie Alliance was trying to eliminate the Gu Immortal who was selling the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe, but this lone cultivator was very good at hiding, they could not find a chance to strike. At the auction, Zombie Alliance could not make a move on him, they could only urge him and offer a high price.


 But this lone cultivator was swayed by the atmosphere of the auction, he became greedy and demanded even higher prices, extorting and threatening Zombie Alliance.


 Finally, just earlier, their discussions had ended in failure, with the lone cultivator immediately putting up the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe for sale.


 “I will pay six thousand immortal essence stones and one thousand five hundred kilograms of red refinement metal to buy it all!”


 “Immortal farmer soil! I have four thousand kilograms of immortal farmer soil, I will use it all to exchange for the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe.”


 “You bunch of fools, didn’t you hear brother Qin’s words? The seller wants wood path resources, I have jade fallen grass here!”


 “So what if it is jade fallen grass, I have instinct roots!!”


 At once, everyone’s moods were riled up, as the representatives of the super forces and the rank eight great experts joined in.


 The two leaders of Zombie Alliance were furious, but they had to join in the competition.


 At once, the calm open transaction had turned into a battlefield, like they were back in the auction rounds. The allure of the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe was obvious from this.


 “I am willing to pay with a wood path Immortal Gu, in exchange for the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe.” Soon, the representative of a super force, Meng tribe, shouted.


 “My Yuan tribe also has a wood path Immortal Gu, we will also add in three hundred true martial carps!” Yuan Rang Zun shouted, the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe was too alluring, he even used his precious true martial carps as part of the bid.


 “If you let my Zombie Alliance purchase this, I, Yin Liu Gong, will vow this on my reputation, I will definitely resell this recipe.” Yin Liu Gong said coldly.


 “I, Yao Huang, can attest for that.” Soon after, Yao Huang spoke, adding weight to these words.


 “Hmph, I have a wisdom path Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery, it can deduce all traces of any inheritance. I will add in three vats of lingzhi liquid!” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shouted.


 At once, shouting could be heard everywhere, it was a chaotic scene.


 Fang Yuan’s heart was moved, his eyes burst with brilliant light!


 If he did not hear wrongly, that was the unravel mystery Immortal Gu, correct?!



***
Chapter 763 - Three Parties Mutually Win


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Unravel mystery Immortal Gu... unravel mystery Immortal Gu...” Fang Yuan muttered, his finger was tapping on the handle of his seat as it made soft noises.


 Bidding could be heard all over the auction hall. At the end of the auction, such a huge treasure like the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe appeared, this was an unexpected surprise.


 Ordinary lone cultivators did not need to consider it, only the rank seven Gu Immortals in super forces or rank eight great experts could have any chance in competing for it.


 Especially the super forces, the allure of the Immortal Gu House was extremely great for the super forces.


 The price rose at an absurd speed, climbing rapidly. Even though this was the open transaction, everyone was fighting for the good, they subconsciously returned to the auction format that was used previously.


 Qin Bai Sheng laughed bitterly.


 The regulations were set by him, but seeing these experts screaming their lungs out, he chose to watch on the sidelines. At this point, talking about regulations would just offend all of these powerhouses.


 “Do you see, this is the attraction of the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe, your Zombie Alliance was simply too stingy!” The seller acted arrogantly upon seeing this, sending a message to the two leaders of Zombie Alliance.


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s face darkened.


 Yin Liu Gong was sighing helplessly, looking at this price, it was already higher than what the Zombie Alliance was planning to pay. And this was not the end, the price was still climbing.


 Yin Liu Gong was a sensible person, he knew that at this point, the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe could not belong to Zombie Alliance. When leader returns, who knew would she criticize him, for being so incapable in handling this matter.


 As Fang Yuan listened to the bids, he assessed quietly in his mind.


 “I have four Gu Immortal captives left. One of them is Wu Hao, known as Rushing Thunder Hand, he is the only rank seven captive I have. There are three others, they are the three Hua Hai immortals, they cultivate wood path.”


 Evidently, there was little chance of success if he wanted to use these four Gu Immortal captives to trade for Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s unravel mystery Immortal Gu.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, with a different path, the allure of these four Gu Immortal captives was greatly lowered.


 The other point was, Immortal Gu were unique, and unravel mystery Immortal Gu was very useful, if not for the attraction of the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would not have exposed such a good Gu.


 “If I try to trade it directly, it would not work. The strength path Immortal Gu that I just obtained have no use to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. If I use calamity beckoning Immortal Gu, I will be exchanging a rank seven for a rank six, that exchange would be at a loss. As for Fixed Immortal Travel and Connect Luck, they are indispensable to me, I cannot trade them away.”


 But Fang Yuan did not want to give up on unravel mystery Immortal Gu.


 If he missed this chance, if he missed this situation, even if he had the resources in the future, it would be hard to trade for it.


 Unravel mystery Immortal Gu was not a necessity to Fang Yuan. But in his memories, he had to way to use this Gu as the core, in combination with other rare supplementary Gu worms, he could conjure a dream path killer move!


 A dream path immortal killer move!


 At this time, the prophecy of the three venerables had spread throughout the five regions, because of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, almost all of the super forces and rank eight powerhouses were researching dream path.


 Although their research results were shallow, dream realms were already starting to manifest.


 There were already two dream path Immortal Gu he knew of in this life.


 One was in Feng Jin Huang’s hands, the other was in Lady Poison Scorpion’s possession. To speak of it, the latter was more problematic. Feng Jin Huang was still a mortal lass, but Lady Poison Scorpion was in her blessed land, slumbering as she explored a dream realm.


 Everyone knew that dream path was the trend of the future. Thus, they treasured anything relating to this path greatly, many dream path mortal Gu that they refined were not shown to the world, they were the greatest mysteries of each force.


 Those who were able to become Gu Immortals were dragons among men, they had good foresight and were very shrewd individuals.


 Even in an auction of such scale, there had been no dream path related treasures sold.


 Fang Yuan knew about the Gu recipes of many dream path mortal Gu. But mortal Gu were not helpful towards the exploration of dream realms. Otherwise, the major forces would have started exploring dream realms en masse already.


 The truly useful ones were dream path Immortal Gu.


 But the amazing thing was, be it the two that appeared now, or the dream path Immortal Gu that appeared in the future according to Fang Yuan’s memories, they were all in the hands of women.


 Perhaps this was explained by the Prophecy of Three Venerables, stating two male Venerables and one female Venerable. With this, one could deduce that Great Dream Immortal Venerable would be a female Immortal Venerable.


 Within a short time, Fang Yuan would not be able to obtain a dream path Immortal Gu. But if he had a dream path immortal killer move, then that could substitute for the effect of a dream path Immortal Gu!


 Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living beings.


 One could say — the use of Gu depended on the user. There was no strongest Gu worm, only a strongest Gu Master. Genius Gu Masters could often match different Gu worms together, unleashing a greater effect from that.


 For example, Fang Yuan did not have a strength path Immortal Gu previously, but he used the soul path cleanse soul Immortal Gu, combined with other mortal Gu, to form the immortal killer move myriad self, creating a starting point of the path formed from the convergence of enslavement and strength.


 This dream path immortal killer move was the same case, the core Immortal Gu was of wisdom path, Unravel Mystery, but it was a dream path killer move.


 “If I can obtain this Gu, I will be able to collect dream realm Gu materials and refine the various mortal Gu. Even though it would spend some time, but once I succeed in forming my killer move, the rewards will be immensely more profitable! I will be able to make up for the regret during my previous life, becoming a pioneer in the exploration of dream realms, being ahead of all the forces in this world, being ahead of the superpowers!”


 Fang Yuan’s mouth turned dry as he thought about it.


 He estimated, the potential value coming from this dream path killer move was in no way lower than wisdom Gu. It was only beneath what had come from Spring Autumn Cicada and Hu Immortal blessed land, but higher than all-out effort Gu.


 Among the countless opportunities in Fang Yuan’s previous life, the most valuable one was Spring Autumn Cicada. Even though it was rank six, far inferior to wisdom Gu’s rank nine, it could allow Fang Yuan to be reborn and start again. Even if there was a chance of failure, didn’t he succeed every time until now? If he failed the first time, it would have been the worst opportunity he ever had. But it had succeeded, it was deserving of being his greatest fortune.


 Next was Hu Immortal blessed land. It had allowed Fang Yuan to have the foundation of a Gu Immortal despite being a mortal, standing on the shoulder of a former Gu Immortal. After becoming an immortal zombie, it made up for his weakness in his aspect. It was because of this blessed land that Fang Yuan had ample foundation. The cultivation of Gu Immortals was not just about fighting and killing, economic management was the biggest foundation base.


 Third was wisdom Gu, using the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan gained unlimited inspiration, it rapidly pulled him out of his slump. But that was built on the blessed land and his own foundation. In the future, if he truly controlled it, it might bring Fang Yuan a pleasant surprise. But for now, it was third.


 The fourth was all-out effort Gu, even though this mortal Gu was only rank four, he obtained it at a very crucial moment. It was the first springboard since Fang Yuan’s rebirth. Without all-out effort Gu, Fang Yuan would not have had such incredible battle strength. Without his battle strength, he would not have been able to participate in the three kings inheritance.


 As for the dream path killer move, if he obtained it, Fang Yuan would be able to use it well and the value would be equal to the current use of wisdom Gu.


 After this time period, the value of dream path killer moves would fall drastically. When dream realms undergo complete external manifestation, and dream path would be thriving all over, this killer move’s value would fall beyond belief.


 The value of opportunities depended on the timing.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was very valuable, but if Fang Yuan became a Demon Venerable and was invincible in the world, why would he need it?


 This was also the case for Hu Immortal blessed land, if Fang Yuan obtained it after becoming a Gu Immortal and had his own healthy blessed land, the value he received from it would be far lower.


 The same logic applied to wisdom Gu, all-out effort Gu, and this dream path killer move.


 “But I definitely need the core Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery, to use this dream path killer move, otherwise, all of this is empty talk.” Fang Yuan looked at the auction again.


 At this moment, there were few competitors left.


 Feng Jiu Ge and Old Ancestor Xue Hu were out of the competition. These two had spent a great amount to buy Ma and Zhao, their foundations were shaken and they no longer were able to compete.


 Yao Huang had backed out regrettably as well. He had purchased some refinement path Immortal Gu, as well as many Gu Immortal captives. With the huge resource consumption of refinement path, all sorts of restrictions forced him to back out.


 Five Elements Grandmaster had stopped long ago, he had bought many Immortal Gu of the mainstream paths, and he was also a lone cultivator.


 The last ones remaining were Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, the Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal, and three super forces, they were: Yuan tribe, Murong tribe, and Chanyu tribe.


 Soon, Chanyu tribe left the competition as well. Even though Yuan tribe’s Yuan Rang Zun was screaming that he wanted to sell all of the true martial carps away, he could not make up his mind. After all, Yuan tribe already had their own Immortal Gu House.


 Thus, only Murong tribe, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu were left.


 “Murong Jin Xiao, my force has no Immortal Gu House to defend it, this is very dangerous. If you can let go today, I will definitely compensate you well.” In the secret room, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal urged.


 Murong Jin Xiao shook his head, paying respects as he smiled: “Lord, my Murong tribe’s Immortal Gu House is lacking a core Immortal Gu, everyone in Northern Plains know that. This matter involves huge benefits for my tribe, please forgive me for my insolence, I want to fight for it, whether it ends in success or failure, I do not want to be resigned.”


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortal sighed faintly, he no longer said anything apart from raising the bid.


 “It seems that I still have some hope!” The price was already at two Immortal Gu, it had far exceeded the value of four Gu Immortal captives, but Fang Yuan’s gaze was becoming more excited.


 “Even though the Red Fiend Divine Boat is good, no core Immortal Gu are being sold. The Immortal Gu that the three of them are offering are rank six, they have little use. Two Immortal Gu are the limit, those three are already thinking hard, their bids are increasing very slowly. After all, even if they obtained this Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe, it only involves the entirety of the Immortal Gu recipes, they still needed to spend a huge sum refining the Gu.”


 “The seller is a wood path cultivator, he wants resources useful to his cultivation. Among these six Immortal Gu, only one is wood path, it comes from Murong tribe, but it is an investigative Immortal Gu. Hehe, this is great. Forget about the last Gu Immortal, Rushing Thunder Hand Wu Hao, that I still have, but the three Hua Hai immortals are wood path Gu Immortals, I can make good use of this situation in a plan.”


 Fang Yuan moved quickly, he immediately informed Qin Bai Sheng and contacted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 “The three parties are in a stalemate now, I do not have a wood path Immortal Gu, and Murong tribe has the greatest chance now, maybe I can use this to break the stalemate?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was moved, he changed his bid, he first took down unravel mystery Immortal Gu and put up the three Hua Hai immortals.


 The seller’s eyes brightened, he hesitated for a bit before choosing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 He was an astute person.


 To him, even though the other two sides had an additional Immortal Gu, only one of them had a wood path Immortal Gu. But in Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s bid, there was a movement Immortal Gu and three wood path immortal apertures, he could swallow them and gain a huge boost in cultivation level!


 He sold the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe, he had already offended Zombie Alliance, his current concerns were to protect his life and develop in secret.


 What suited himself had the greatest value.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not have any interest in the three Hua Hai immortals, but the seller needed them urgently.


 As for Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he did not make any losses, he still paid a price of two Immortal Gu. Since he had already decided to give up unravel mystery Immortal Gu, did it matter who it ended up with? Selling it to Fang Yuan, he broke the stalemate and obtained the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe.


 As for Fang Yuan, he finally obtained unravel mystery Immortal Gu.


 “This is a mutual win for three parties. Hahaha.” He laughed heartily.



***
Chapter 764 - Actions of All Parties


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu became the final winner of the intense bidding war, obtaining the complete recipe for Red Fiend Divine Boat. And the beneficiary of the back-door deal, Fang Yuan, also successfully obtained unravel mystery Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was very satisfied with this transaction.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu became the focal point of everyone’s attention, and apart from a few related people, no one knew unravel mystery Immortal Gu had landed in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Red Fiend Divine Boat’s recipe could be considered as an unexpected final climactic moment of the auction.


 Time passed, four hours later, this auction which included various outstanding people finally ended.


 “There is still no reply from Fairy Li Shan’s end?” Fang Yuan secretly asked Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly sent his message: “Nothing until now. Fairy Li Shan actually missed such a grand event, it seems there is definitely some issue on her end. Do we return through the previous route?”


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng came to Qin Bai Sheng’s blessed land through the hole earth Gu established between Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan.


 Now, the situation on Fairy Li Shan’s end was unclear, and rashly using hole earth Gu to return was undoubtedly an unwise move.


 “No, we will first leave along with the others, then use Fixed Immortal Travel. We need to be careful, though, there will definitely be turmoil soon.” Fang Yuan reminded.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded with a serious expression.


 The auction might have ended, but there were sure to be many who were not satisfied with the results. With the end of the auction, the previous agreement signed by all parties would expire.


 Without the restriction, people’s hearts and minds would be moved by wealth; robbery, extortion and ambushes would be the next event.


 Most of the Gu Immortals had the same thoughts as Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Thus, they left the blessed land in a hurry and full of caution.


 “We must get that guy! He actually dared to sell the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe openly, our Zombie Alliance’s face had been lost completely!”


 “We could let go if it was only our face, but the key thing is that the leader had repeatedly reminded us of the importance of this task before she left. But now, we have screwed up. When the leader comes back and hears the news, who knows how she will punish us!”


 Yin Liu Gong and Dragon Commander Ye Cha discussed as they looked at their target hurriedly leaving.


 In the sky above crimson reed marsh.


 “Heavenly Lord, I wonder if you are interested in selling the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe to my Yao tribe?” Yao Huang stayed behind and persuaded Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu chuckled: “Lord Yao Huang is jesting, how can such a treasure be sold easily? I won’t conceal it from you, I have a lot of descendants and they are filling up my grotto-heaven. Recently, I have been planning to establish a tribe, perhaps we can have many opportunities to collaborate with Yao tribe.”


 The leaders of various forces in the surroundings had changes in their expressions as they heard this.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a rank eight powerhouse. A tribe he established, with his support, was certain to thrive.


 Not only this, with the support of a rank eight Gu Immortal, even if the new tribe’s foundation was lacking, it would still be a super force!


 Northern Plains was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s homeland, the place where he rose up and established a hereditary monarchy. For a long time up to now, the super forces in Northern Plains were almost all of Huang Jin bloodline.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was trying to poke his nose into this by establishing a super force, which no doubt was going to create an enormous impact on those Huang Jin descendants.


 At the same time, with the lone cultivator, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, becoming the first supreme elder of a righteous path force, it would have huge impacts on both the demonic path and lone cultivator camps.


 Yao Huang’s smile became even brighter: “Since Heavenly Lord has such an intention, who could stop you in this huge world? It is very difficult for us old fellows to gather together, no time is better than the present, how about we have a chat today?”


 “Haha, this is also what I wanted to say.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed heartily.


 Yao Huang opened up his Immortal Gu House, Medicine Cottage, and invited all the Gu Immortals present to join.


 Most of the super forces entered in the end, including Five Elements Grandmaster, who represented the benefits of lone cultivators.


 However, Old Ancestor Xue Hu refused.


 In this auction, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had invested a lot to buy Ma Hong Yun, as well as precious contents of the essence of the luck path true inheritance.


 What he most wanted to do now was to use Ma Hong Yun as the primary material in refining Fortune Rivalling Heaven and use its effects on himself.


 The person representing Prince Feng Xian’s will — Feng Jiu Ge, who had disguised himself as Swordmaster You Lan, also refused this gathering and left on his own.


 In a hidden area among the reeds, he quietly met with the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 “I have sent you the message regarding the auction.” Feng Jiu Ge looked at everyone with a smile.


 “Lord Jiu Ge made a really good move, such courage, I am in admiration.”


 “With Zhao Lian Yun, we can search her soul and find many precious clues regarding the main culprit of the Imperial Court incident!”


 “I still have to thank lord for trading a suitable Immortal Gu for me.”


 “What should our actions be next?”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals talked one after the other, clearly treating Feng Jiu Ge as their leader.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled. In this trip, he first used his tyrannical strength to subdue everyone, and now he had taken the risk to enter the tiger’s den and trade Immortal Gu for them. Through Feng Jiu Ge’s methods and charisma, a stick in one hand and a carrot in the other, he was finally able to lead this group of experts!


 Of course, Feng Jiu Ge knew that behind this harmonious atmosphere, everyone still had their own thoughts.


 It was only that all the experts were astute, now that they were in Northern Plains with a heavy mission on their shoulders, even if they had any hidden thoughts, they suppressed it deep within themselves for the time being, choosing to sincerely cooperate.


 To Feng Jiu Ge, this was enough.


 “Everyone, although we obtained Zhao Lian Yun, the clues available to verify the true culprit are probably not enough. If there were enough clues, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals would have already discovered the truth and the perpetrator would have nowhere to hide. However, I found someone who is suspicious.” Feng Jiu Ge said.


 Everyone’s spirits rose at hearing this information.


 Feng Jiu Ge continued: “But this person has hidden themselves too deeply, I never was able to find out their true identity, to find this person, we must start from the host of this auction.”


 “Lord is talking about Qin Bai Sheng?”


 “He is a famous expert of Northern Plains, a rank seven metal path Gu Immortal.”


 “I also know of this person, he is a lone cultivator. Creating such an achievement today with just his own strength is truly rarely seen.”


 “Qin Bai Sheng not only has outstanding strength, he also has many favorable social connections. If we are going against him, we need to use all our strength to strike as quickly as possible. If we let him escape and ask for assistance from his allies, the situation will turn for the worse.”


 Everyone was discussing vigorously.


 They were the representatives of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, powerful and with lot of methods, but they were fighting in enemy territory. Once their identities were exposed, it was likely that Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals would band together to attack them.


 Fortunately, they still had Prince Feng Xian to aid them secretly.


 In another area, a fight had already started.


 “He Lang Zi, you really have guts, you actually dared to attack our Chanyu tribe!” The Gu Immortal who was ambushed shouted in fury.


 “Hmph, what is there to not dare? So what if you are from Chanyu tribe? No matter how powerful the immortal killer move winged blade is, can it save you now? Just be obedient and hand over that sandalwood sacred elephant egg, and I shall let you go.” A giant wolf, the size of a small hill, spoke with an eerie gaze, in a human voice.


 This egg came from the mysterious rank eight Gu Immortal of Eastern Sea. It had fallen into the hands of Chanyu tribe’s representative at a certain point of the auction.


 He Lang Zi had left previously, but actually had other intentions. He carefully set up an ambush outside and waited for someone to fall into it, capturing this unlucky fellow.


 “He Lang Zi, you have hidden your cards well. You actually have an informant in the auction! Didn’t you call yourself a lone wolf, moving alone and disdaining interaction with other Gu Immortals? Hmph, if you have the guts, then place a stake against me in battle. If you win, I will immediately hand over this sandalwood sacred elephant egg to you. If you lose, then join our Chanyu tribe and serve for a hundred years!” The Chanyu tribe Gu Immortal shouted.


 He had just spoken, when he heard the sound of a woman’s laugh coming from nearby.


 A black light flashed, and three Gu Immortals appeared.


 The Chanyu tribe Gu Immortal was startled; the other party had approached this closely, but he did not notice in the slightest until they intentionally revealed themselves.


 “You are Hei Cheng?” The Chanyu tribe Gu Immortal carefully observed and quickly recognized their identities, “Also Fairy Jiang Yu, hmm? Why is Xue Song Zi of the demonic path with you?”


 “Chanyu Zhong Er, I know you have the immortal killer move, immemorial flame axe. But thinking of using this move to battle He Lang Zi and recruit a rank seven as a goon for your tribe is too naive.” Fairy Jiang Yu continued to smile.


 Chanyu Zhong Er’s expression sank, as the other party had spoken accurately.


 It was because of this immortal killer move, immemorial flame axe, that he had the confidence to participate in this auction as Chanyu tribe’s representative.


 But who could have thought that he had still greatly underestimated human desire, and also overestimated Chanyu tribe’s stature.


 “Hei Cheng, you are a Hei tribe Gu Immortal and are of Huang Jin bloodline, like my Chanyu tribe. But you are actually colluding with demonic path outsiders to harm us righteous path Gu Immortals! Don’t make such a huge mistake, it is still not too late to turn back.” Chanyu Zhong Er thought rapidly and tried to persuade Hei Cheng.


 Xue Song Zi laughed loudly: “If it was your big brother here, Chanyu Shang Yi, we would have a headache. If it was your younger brother, Chanyu Xia San, we would have dispelled any intention of ambush. Unfortunately, you don’t have the defensive prowess of your big brother, neither do you have the speed of your younger brother, today your defeat is certain!”


 Chanyu Zhong Er’s expression became more unsightly, he stared fixedly at Hei Cheng and shouted: “Hei Cheng, you are a righteous path Gu Immortal, you built your reputation over so many years, do you not want it? If this matter were to be exposed or just a rumor of it is spread, you will be condemned by the public and hunted down like a rat!”


 Hei Cheng’s eyes flickered with hesitation, but Fairy Jiang Yu transmitted him a message, making him firmly resolute.


 Without saying anything, he waved an arm, from which a dark arrow flew out, straight towards Chanyu Zhong Er. He used action to show his resolution!


 Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Third branch peak.


 Jade green light shined and extinguished, Tai Bai Yun Sheng appeared in the room.


 At almost the same instant which he appeared, he activated his defensive killer move, nine cloud ring.


 One of the disadvantages of Fixed Immortal Travel was that other Gu worms could not be used during the process. Another disadvantage was that the amount of immortal essence consumed would depend on the strength of the target. Previously, Fang Yuan was still a mortal with few dao marks on his body, thus the immortal essence consumed was much lower. However, when transporting a Gu Immortal, the minimum consumption was at least one bead of green grape immortal essence.


 After finding no dangers, Fang Yuan came out of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture.


 This room was the place where Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan had met with them previously.


 “There has been no response from either Fairy Li Shan or Hei Lou Lan, in accordance with the alliance, we must look into this.”


 “The most probable place is here!”


 Shortly, the two found Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan in a bedroom.


 “They are lying on the bed... sleeping?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was dazed.


 He was about to walk closer but was stopped by Fang Yuan: “Don’t approach them, it is dangerous!”


 “What danger?”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes let out a sharp light: “They are in a dream realm. If we approach them, we will also be ensnared.”



***
Chapter 765 - Qin Bai Sheng vs Feng Jiu Ge


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Dream realm?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard Fang Yuan’s words and his gaze flickered, he showed a grim expression.


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan collaborated to explore Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he had met with danger in a dream realm of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. Fang Yuan had explained this matter briefly to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Thus, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard the term dream realm, he knew the severity of the situation.


 He sighed: “No wonder Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan did not attend the auction, they were trapped in a dream realm. I had been guessing earlier if Hei Lou Lan’s tribulation was causing them trouble.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Old Bai, you guessed correctly. Most likely, the tribulation caused them to be stuck in a dream realm, unable to free themselves.”


 “When Gu Immortals undergo tribulation, there can be dream realm calamities?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked in suspicion.


 Fang Yuan sighed: “Not in the past, but now that dream realms have manifested, such calamities and tribulations have appeared gradually.”


 Especially in the five hundred years of his previous life, towards the second half of the five regions chaotic war, dream realms manifested on a large scale, showing up in all corners of the five regions. The phenomenon of dream realms becoming tribulations also became more frequent, countless Gu Immortals were harmed in the process.


 “What do we do now? According to the Snowy Mountain Alliance, we cannot abandon them.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was helpless, he asked Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was silent, his eyes were shining with a murky light.


 At this moment, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan had little to no defenses, it was not hard to kill them now.


 But because of the alliance agreement, Fang Yuan could not attack them, he even had to save them.


 “The Snowy Mountain Alliance was made using mountain pledge Gu, if I want to break it, I will need to destroy Snowy Mountain. Unfortunately, I do not have enough strength now, it will be hard to do so. Even if I could destroy it, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is too kind, he might be an obstacle if I try to attack them.” Fang Yuan felt some regret.


 This indeed was a golden opportunity.


 By killing Hei Lou Lan, he would obtain strength qi Immortal Gu, self strength Immortal Gu, flying bear strength Gu, and slavery Immortal Gu. The first three were strength path Immortal Gu, while the last one was enslavement path. They all suited Fang Yuan very well.


 Especially self strength Immortal Gu, if he obtained it, he could use it as the core and elevate the power of the immortal killer move myriad self by several levels!


 As for Fairy Li Shan’s mountain pledge Gu, with it, Fang Yuan would have the same advantage as Fairy Li Shan. Helping other Gu Immortals make agreements, this was an extremely popular service, the benefits could surpass the guts Gu trade.


 That was because using mountain pledge Gu to make agreements for others not only was highly profitable, he could also establish connections.


 Fairy Li Shan was able to mingle in both the righteous and demonic paths, a lot of that was due to this Immortal Gu.


 Mountain pledge Gu was not an attack type Immortal Gu, it could not provide defense or movement abilities to the Gu Immortal. But whoever held it will gain a huge advantage.


 It was only an assistance type Immortal Gu, but Gu Immortals were not only concerned about fighting and killing.


 Gu Immortals placed emphasis cultivation, management were their biggest priority.


 Realistically, fighting was just a small portion of a Gu Immortal’s life. Only with the five regions chaotic war would fighting become the general focus.


 Just as Fang Yuan was pondering, Snowy Mountain blessed land shook.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal’s immense aura emanated and filled the surroundings.


 “We welcome Old Ancestor’s arrival.” Soon, several demonic path Gu Immortals spoke from their respective mountain peaks.


 “It is Old Ancestor Xue Hu! He has his own grotto-heaven, he almost never comes here, why is he here now?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed.


 The moment he said that, he heard Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s voice, resonating through the blessed land: “All of you, come to the main hall and see me now, I have an important matter to discuss with everyone.”


 “As you command, Old Ancestor.” The demonic path Gu Immortals shouted in unison.


 Figures of Gu Immortals rapidly flew out from the mountain peaks.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression paled, he said: “Oh no, Fairy Li Shan is still in a dream! If she does not appear or say anything, Old Ancestor Xue Hu will definitely get suspicious and come here to check. We can escape with Fixed Immortal Travel, and Fairy Li Shan would not be attacked. But Hei Lou Lan is the problem, she is not a member of Snowy Mountain and is a key character who has experienced the True Yang Building incident. Once she is captured and has her soul searched, we are all doomed!”


 ...


 Bam bam bam!


 While an intense explosion sounded out, a pathetic figure was fleeing rapidly.


 Behind him, there was a huge wolf sprinting out of the smoke, opening its bloodthirsty mouth and speaking a human language: “Chanyu Zhong Er, where are you trying to escape to?”


 The pathetic figure was Chanyu Zhong Er, he continued to escape as he yelled with a panicked expression: “He Lang Zi, Hei Cheng, don’t go too far, otherwise, I will drag you guys down with me! Immemorial flame axe!”


 His body shuddered, his put his palms together as he turned around, exerting a chopping motion with them.


 Immediately, fire rose as they gathered to form an axe in midair, attacking the huge wolf.


 Before the attack even landed, the scorching flames already burned some of the wolf’s fur.


 The huge fiery axe caused the surrounding sky to glow red, it was powerful and carried an aura of destruction with it, as if it could rampage to kill innumerable beings.


 This was an immortal killer move, it had incredible offensive power.


 But facing such a powerful attack, He Lang Zi’s gaze shined with disdain and mockery.


 Swoosh.


 The huge wolf vanished, evading the immemorial flame axe and blocking Chanyu Zhong Er’s escape route.


 “No matter how fierce the attack, what good is it if you cannot hit?” Fairy Jiang Yu appeared, floating in the air. She had taken action just now, teleporting He Lang Zi away using an immortal movement killer move


 “Damn!” Chanyu Zhong Er gritted his teeth, his heart sank as his angry and helpless face showed a hint of despair.


 “You are distracted.” Suddenly, a black robed Gu Immortal appeared behind him.


 Chanyu Zhong Er was shocked, quickly retreating as he created some distance.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal remained on the spot, stretching out his right arm while his palm was aimed at Chanyu Zhong Er: “This distance is enough, now, have a taste of my soul suction Immortal Gu’s power.”


 Chanyu Zhong Er’s movements froze, his body turned stiff as his soul shook, it was like there was a huge force trying to pull his soul out of his body.


 “Oh no!” Chanyu Zhong Er was shocked, ordinary defensive measures could not defend against such soul path methods.


 He tried to stabilize his soul, momentarily going into a deadlock with the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal.


 “Quickly assist me.” The black robed Gu Immortal said.


 The moment he said that, Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi flew towards him, placing their arms on his shoulders. By surreptitiously using some Gu worms, all three of their souls worked together and formed an even greater force.


 Soul suction Immortal Gu was used in this way, it was like drawing in a river, disregarding all other aspects, it was a direct contest between souls.


 At this moment, the black robed Gu Immortal, Hei Cheng, Xue Song Zi collaborated, they had a huge advantage against Chanyu Zhong Er.


 “I am unresigned! I am full of hatred, ah, let me go...” Chanyu Zhong Er was unable to resist them, his soul was pulled out eventually.


 Without his soul to control it, his body fell downwards from the air rapidly, like a puppet with its strings cut.


 But soon after, Fairy Jiang Yu caught it.


 She searched it and laughed: “As expected, this fire path Immortal Gu is in Chanyu Zhong Er’s blessed land.”


 “So your real motive was my fire path Immortal Gu! What do you guys actually want?!” Chanyu Zhong Er’s soul was held by the black robe Gu Immortal, he continued to shout furiously.


 “No, we did not lie to you. The sandalwood sacred elephant egg was also our target. But compared to the Immortal Gu, it is like the icing on the cake.” Fairy Jiang Yu smiled.


 Their scheme had succeeded, her mood was great, but just as she was about to continue speaking, her expression changed.


 Not only her, at the same time, even the black robed Gu Immortal’s hands shook.


 He was wearing a black robe, his head was covered by a huge hood, his face was shrouded in darkness, he said with a hoarse voice: “Qin Bai Sheng was ambushed, hmph! So this Swordmaster You Lan is an imposter, a Gu Immortal from Central Continent.”


 “Qin Bai Sheng cannot be lost, quickly go and save him!” Fairy Jiang Yu said anxiously, soaring away without any hesitation or pause.


 The black robed Gu Immortal and He Lang Zi followed suit.


 Only Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi were left.


 “Lord Hei Cheng, do we follow?” Xue Song Zi was hesitant.


 Hei Cheng looked at the black robed Gu Immortal and felt a lot of wariness. Not long ago, this person had appeared, showcasing many different methods, he had great power and had an extraordinary relation to Fairy Jiang Yu!


 Xue Song Zi was hesitant, but was he, Hei Cheng, any different?


 “It seems that this black robed Gu Immortal is also a member of Shadow Sect. He Lang Zi might be the same as us, being a collaborator. Shadow Sect, and Central Continent’s Gu Immortals...” Hei Cheng’s gaze flickered, his body flew up in pursuit of Fairy Jiang Yu and the others.


 Xue Song Zi snorted coldly, he quickly followed them.


 “Huff huff huff...” Qin Bai Sheng breathed roughly, there were dozens of wounds on him, some were bleeding, some were so deep one could see bones, some of his skin had turned black, emitting a foul odor.


 “As expected of a famous expert of Northern Plains, we attacked together and ambushed you, but you still managed to heavily injure three of us.” Feng Jiu Ge crossed his arms as he watched, praising with a gaze of admiration.


 “Northern Plains Gu Immortals truly have excellent battle strength. Your methods and ours seem to have little discrepancy, yet you managed to make such great battle results.”


 “Qin Bai Sheng, you are an outstanding person, give up and surrender.”


 “Our words earlier were truthful. As long as you tell us some people’s identities, we will let you leave.”


 There were Central Continent Gu Immortals all around Qin Bai Sheng.


 They opened their mouths as they urged him.


 Among them, Fairy Ling Mei and Fairy Ao Xue of Heaven’s Envy Manor, as well as a young-looking Gu Immortal, Old Oracle from Ancient Soul Sect, were quite heavily injured.


 “You want me to surrender?” Qin Bai Sheng raised his eyebrows, spitting out a mouthful of bloody saliva: “Bah! Outsiders from another region infiltrating us in Northern Plains. Intruders! I’m tell you, we of Northern Plains are not cowards! Come at me if you have the guts, don’t worry, before I die, I will certainly drag one of you down with me!”


 Feng Jiu Ge sighed helplessly: “In that case, the rest of you can stand down, I will handle it myself.”


 Qin Bai Sheng’s gaze was heavy as he stared at Feng Jiu Ge.


 He did not know who Feng Jiu Ge was, but he knew that he was the leader, during the battle earlier, he did not participate, he stood aloof.


 “I will only use one move, if you can take it, I will let you leave.” Feng Jiu Ge flew towards Qin Bai Sheng slowly, his expression was calm as he spoke lightly.



***
Chapter 766 - Immortal Gu Compensation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “One move?” Hearing Feng Jiu Ge’s words, Qin Bai Sheng laughed with a provoked tone: “I have roamed the region freely for hundreds of years, I defeated Liu Hao, Chanyu Xiong, Nu Er Du, killed Bai Chan Zi, Jade Fire Farmer, Mountain Lord Tian Qing, had a draw with Yuan Rang Zun, and managed to escape with my life from Five Elements Grandmaster. In the entirety of Northern Plains, only the five rank eight Gu Immortals can defeat me easily. But to kill me, even they would not find it easy. There are very few rank seven Gu Immortals that can rival me. You are also a rank seven Gu Immortal, you want to defeat me in one move? Hahaha!”


 Qin Bai Sheng laughed loudly, his laughter was filled with great confidence towards himself.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s words indeed were greatly arrogant. At once, even the Central Continent Gu Immortals around him were starting to get worried.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled lightly, he slowly narrated: “When I was young, I loved music, when I started cultivating, I had a grand aspiration, that was to create a total of nine songs, to express myself, to express all living beings, and to express heaven and earth. Up to this point, I have created six songs in total. If you can finish listening to this song of mine, then I will admit defeat and let you leave.”


 Qin Bai Sheng’s laughter gradually came to an end, he had a serious gaze as he stared at Feng Jiu Ge unblinkingly.


 Looking at Feng Jiu Ge, who had a earnest tone and a smiling face, Qin Bai Sheng felt an immense threat deep within himself.


 He thought for a moment and greeted Feng Jiu Ge solemnly: “I have not asked for your name yet.”


 Feng Jiu Ge greeted back: “I am Feng Jiu Ge.”


 Qin Bai Sheng’s expression changed: “So you are the number one person of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, no wonder. Hahaha, in that case, let me see what you can do.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s fighting prowess had long since been famous, even to a Northern Plains Gu Immortal like Qin Bai Sheng, the name and reputation were instantly recognizable.


 But after learning about Feng Jiu Ge’s identity, Qin Bai Sheng instead felt an immeasurable surge of battle intent within himself — We are both rank seven Gu Immortal, what qualifications do you have to defeat the other Gu Immortals in the ten great ancient sects and become known as the strongest? I will see how strong you truly are!


 Feng Jiu Ge breathed in deeply, bowing slightly: “This song, is known as Green Jade Song, please enjoy it.”


 The rest of the Central Continent Gu Immortals backed off and created a wide open space for them.


 “Come.” Qin Bai Sheng shouted, his gaze was like lightning as his battle intent rushed out, he was oozing with grandeur.


 ...


 Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Third branch peak.


 “Just now, this lucky escape was truly thanks to you. If Old Ancestor Xue Hu found out, even I would not be able to preserve Little Lan’s life.” In the secret room, Fairy Li Shan spoke to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, expressing her gratitude.


 Hei Lou Lan was a crucial person in the collapse of True Yang Building, she was more important than Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun. Once she was discovered, the entire world of Gu Immortals would hunt her down.


 “The situation was really dangerous, we were trying to guess why you missed the auction.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng said while sighing.


 If Hei Lou Lan was discovered, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng would be involved as well, the three of them were tied together on a string.


 “Oh!” Fairy Li Shan sighed: “I did not think that a dream realm could become a calamity. Do you have any ways to save Little Lan?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook his head, looking at Fang Yuan who was beside him.


 Fang Yuan said solemnly: “It’s difficult! The dream calamity’s target is Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan, you were only pulled in because you touched her. Thus, I just had to hurt you and make you feel pain. But Hei Lou Lan is deep inside the dream realm, even if you kill her, she will not awaken.”


 Fairy Li Shan’s eyes shined with hope: “It’s only ‘difficult’, that does not mean it is impossible, Fang Yuan, it seems you have a plan!”


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “Hei Lou Lan is fortunate, I obtained a Gu in the auction that can form a dream path killer move to resolve this problem. But to form the killer move, the core Immortal Gu is not enough, I need the assistance of many mortal Gu.”


 Fairy Li Shan was overjoyed, saying: “I can help with that, what refinement materials do you need to refine Gu, just tell me, I can satisfy that request!”


 But Fang Yuan shook his head: “These dream path mortal Gu refinement materials can only be found in dream realms. Refining dream path Gu is different from other paths, the entire process needs me to execute it personally.”


 “So dream path has such specifications.” Fairy Li Shan blinked, this was the first time she had heard such news.


 Dream path Gu worms were different from Gu worms in other paths.


 One of the points was the refinement material, they were not material objects, they were obtained from inside dream realms.


 And the dream realm could only be of one’s own dream, not others.


 Only the materials from one’s own dream realm could refine these dream path Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, even though he developed slowly in dream path and had limited achievement, he still knew common knowledge like this.


 Currently, what was his common knowledge was now the most top tier research results, the few forces treated them as their own treasures, sealing all the knowledge deeply.


 Because of the Snowy Mountain Alliance, Fairy Li Shan did not doubt Fang Yuan’s words. But deep inside, she saw Fang Yuan in a different light again.


 She knew some parts of Fang Yuan’s experiences and circumstances, especially the guts Gu trade, she obtained part of the profits.


 “Fang Yuan is truly an impressive junior, it is almost as if he has a method to solve any problem. Earlier, he developed the airsac Gu to hold the guts Gu. Now, he even has such research in dream path. This is not something a lone cultivator can come up with, it seems his background is not simple after all.”


 Fairy Li Shan was thinking over it when Fang Yuan spoke again: “Fairy, you know that my nature is straightforward, I like to talk openly and not beat about the bush. If I can save you both, what compensation will I get?”


 Fairy Li Shan’s eyes rolled, she was long since familiar with Fang Yuan’s personality, she was not surprised, she smiled: “The favor of saving a life is as heavy as a mountain. Fang Yuan, how many immortal essence stones or Immortal Gu recipes do you want, or even immortal materials, just tell me.”


 Her tone was very courteous, after all, she was requesting his help.


 Fang Yuan raised his head: “I do not want anything else, what I have in mind is Hei Lou Lan’s self strength Gu and strength qi Gu. Two lives for two Gu.”


 Fairy Li Shan’s smile vanished without a trace: “These two Immortal Gu are Little Lan’s core Gu worms. A gentleman would not take what others love, Fang Yuan, this condition is a little too harsh.”


 Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows: “Are both of your lives not even as valuable as two Gu worms?”


 “That is not accurate.” Fairy Li Shan shook her head: “Even if we were discovered, only Little Lan would be in danger, I would be fine. In fact, when Little Lan gets into trouble, you two would be implicated too. We are on the same boat now, helping us is also the same as helping yourselves.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, nodding in agreement: “Fairy makes perfect sense, I am full of admiration. Forget my previous condition, I will go prepare now. I promise you, within three to five years, I can surely save Hei Lou Lan! I have to go now.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan stood up and was ready to leave.


 Although the two had an agreement, and he could not leave her in the lurch, they also made rules such that one side could not force the other to save them using the agreement, they had to come up with an appropriate arrangement regarding compensation.


 Fang Yuan was not abandoning her, he was just taking a bit of time, thus, his actions were not against the alliance agreement.


 Fairy Li Shan felt a huge headache, she stood up and urged him: “Wait, Fang Yuan, we can discuss this.”


 “What does fairy have to enlighten me with? I am all ears!” Fang Yuan’s attitude was very modest, he spoke very humbly.


 “Oh, Fang Yuan, don’t act like this. These two strength path Immortal Gu do not belong to me, I cannot promise you anything.” Fairy Li Shan sighed deeply as she said this.


 Fang Yuan showed an understanding expression: “That’s right, I find this condition overboard too, pretend I never said it. Fairy is right, Self Strength and Strength Qi are very important Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan, how can you decide for her? Never mind, we are allies, I will definitely help her. But you need to know, refining dream path Gu worms is very troublesome because it takes a long time and I need to do a lot of preparation. During this period of time, fairy can try to find other ways to save Hei Lou Lan. Although my method will definitely succeed, it will take a long time. In this time period, if Hei Lou Lan is discovered by others, that would be bad. But thankfully, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and I are in Central Continent, even if anything happens to Hei Lou Lan, we will act as good allies and avenge her.”


 These words made Fairy Li Shan roll her eyes in anger.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was laughing madly deep in his mind, he did not forget to add in: “Speaking of the alliance, we have about two years left. Once the time is up, and Hei Lou Lan is still unconscious, how would we continue the agreement? Oh, this is a troublesome matter.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a kind person, but when it came to key benefits, he had a firm attitude, he was not a pushover.


 “You two!” Fairy Li Shan was furious.


 Hei Lou Lan’s identity was a secret, even though Hei Cheng knew, he had his own motives and would not dare to expose Hei Lou Lan’s identity. But because of this, Fairy Li Shan could not find helpers easily.


 Regarding dream path, most of the super forces had done their research and obtained some results, but they would not give it to Fairy Li Shan to save Hei Lou Lan.


 Thus, for the problem Fairy Li Shan was facing, the most likely possibility with an effective method was to rely on Fang Yuan.


 Regarding all of this, Fairy Li Shan was deeply aware. Seeing that Fang Yuan was unwilling to relent, she had no better option but to take a step back, breathing in deeply before saying: “Never mind, maybe we simply had bad luck. I will do it your way, two Immortal Gu. But you can only pick either one of Self Strength and Strength Qi, I can take responsibility for this much in regards to Little Lan. The other Immortal Gu will be provided by me. I’ll speak the truth, this is my limit, don’t force me any further.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was moved, gasping: “Hei Lou Lan is truly blessed to have fairy as her aunt.”


 Fairy Li Shan smiled bitterly, looking at Fang Yuan. She knew that although Tai Bai Yun Sheng was Fang Yuan’s senior brother, Fang Yuan was the leader between them.


 To save Hei Lou Lan, she needed Fang Yuan to help.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he knew that although he could continue forcing her, that would cause their relationship to be greatly damaged. The amicable atmosphere that he had created earlier by splitting the profits with them would be completely ruined.


 Although Self Strength and Strength Qi were two excellent Gu, Fang Yuan had obtained several strength path Immortal Gu, he no longer had such an urgent need for them.


 “Alright, I will listen to fairy. I have always been interested in fairy’s mountain pledge Gu.” Fang Yuan spoke with a smile.



***
Chapter 767 - Immortal Gu Time Luck


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What, you want mountain pledge Gu?” Fairy Li Shan stared with wide opened eyes, her expression was furious.


 Mountain pledge Immortal Gu was extremely important, it was Fairy Li Shan’s source of revenue. The saying goes, ruining a person’s wealth is akin to killing their parents, it would mean deep hatred!


 Not only this, mountain pledge Immortal Gu was the reason why Fairy Li Shan could make connections everywhere and work with Gu Immortals from the righteous and demonic paths in Northern Plains without much trouble.


 Once she lost mountain pledge Gu, Fairy Li Shan’s advantage would disappear.


 Fang Yuan laughed, waving his hand, “It is a joke, a joke, don’t mind it.”


 Of course he knew of the importance of mountain pledge Immortal Gu, he was only probing her just now, he did not think he would succeed.


 Fairy Li Shan gritted her teeth, her tone turning cold: “Fang Yuan, that joke was not funny at all. I have several Immortal Gu here, pick one of them as the compensation. As for the other half, Little Lan will pass it to you when she wakes up.”


 Fang Yuan was originally thinking about Hei Lou Lan’s slavery Immortal Gu. But after seeing Fairy Li Shan’s Immortal Gu, his eyes shined as he changed his mind.


 “This Immortal Gu is not bad, I will choose it.”


 Fairy Li Shan saw the Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan picked and she sighed in her mind, filled with a bitter feeling deep inside.


 She had just obtained this Immortal Gu, she had not even used it yet and Fang Yuan was already taking it away.


 This Gu’s name was Time Luck, it was a luck path and time path Immortal Gu, it consumed immortal essence and time to gain a boost in one’s luck.


 Fairy Li Shan was very reluctant, she tried to explain to him: “Fang Yuan, if you really want to choose this Gu, I have some words for you. I obtained this time luck Immortal Gu as the payment from Qin Bai Sheng. If ordinary Gu Immortals use this Gu, they will need to expend their own lifespan. But you are a zombie, in a half-dead state, you cannot use this Gu. You might as well choose another Gu.”


 “Oh? So that’s it...” Fang Yuan’s showed some interest in his gaze.


 When Gu Immortals cultivate, they gained no lifespan during the process.


 In this world, ordinary people had approximately a hundred years of lifespan. They would die of old age when they exceeded that.


 When Gu Masters became immortals, this time limit would not change. Only by using lifespan Gu could they increase their lifespan without leaving behind any backlash. Other than that, there were methods like turning into a zombie, treeman, or the yin-yang life extension method, possession, or to sleep for most of the time to reduce their expenditure, but these were all suboptimal methods that went against nature to extend their lifespan.


 Because of this, Gu Immortals treasured their lifespan more than Gu Masters.


 When Qin Bai Sheng held this auction, almost all of the heroes and experts in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world showed up. But even so, no lifespan Gu were sold.


 In contrast, in auctions held by mortal Gu Masters, there were lifespan Gu sold occasionally.


 This was understandable.


 When Gu Masters become immortals, they naturally would understand the difficulty of cultivating, it was not easy to become a Gu Immortal, they would even more treasure this feeling of being above mortal concerns, having such a high status and standard of living. As a result, they treasured their lives, often roaming the five regions. Unless there was a need, they likely would not live inside their grotto-heaven or blessed land.


 Because the time flow in the grotto-heaven or blessed land was faster, a Gu Immortal’s limited lifespan would be expended even more quickly than if they were in the five regions.


 Mortal Gu Masters did not know how precious lifespan was, they would often use some forbidden techniques that expended their lifespan, to raise their battle strength. The higher the rank one reaches, the broader their horizons, the more they treasured their life, and they would try all sorts of ways to extend their lifespan. For example, like First Gen Gu Yue, and Century Boy.


 Such situations, in regards to Gu Immortals, were much more severe. This was like the contrast of rich and poor people. Ordinary people were busy trying to earn a living, they disregarded their health. Rich people however, treasured their lives and paid great attention to sustaining their health.


 At the end of the day, it was not that rich people were superior to poor people, it was because of their circumstances and statuses that they could act and think differently.


 Fairy Li Shan was obviously a Gu Immortal. Time luck Immortal Gu expended immortal essence and lifespan to boost the user’s luck. Since she took it, she naturally had a way to make up for this flaw.


 Fang Yuan was a shrewd person, he immediately guessed that Fairy Li Shan had such a crucial method.


 Fairy Li Shan saw that Fang Yuan was looking at her with shining eyes, she knew that she could not hide it and said helplessly: “I will not hide it from you, I have a method to use time luck Immortal Gu as the core, to form an immortal killer move. It can draw upon another person’s lifespan, expending it and amplify one’s own luck.”


 Fang Yuan had suffered at the hands of luck path before, but he had also benefited greatly from luck path, he immediately asked: “I wonder if fairy may sell this immortal killer move to me?”


 “Don’t even think about it.” Fairy Li Shan replied extremely quickly.


 Fang Yuan knew this would happen, he was not upset, he laughed instead: “That being the case, I still want this Immortal Gu.”


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression turned cold: “Fang Yuan, are you trying to ruin my plans?”


 “I would not dare to.” Fang Yuan’s expression turned solemn, he said with sincerity, explaining: “Even if you did not have this killer move, I would still choose this Immortal Gu. The reason is solely because I obtained an improved mortal Gu recipe of inch of time. Time luck Immortal Gu needs an immortal killer move and time to activate, if I use inch of time, I might be able to replace it as the expenditure and prevent my lifespan from being affected.”


 “Is that so...” Fairy Li Shan was stunned, she did not know this.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng chuckled, explaining for Fang Yuan: “When we bought this Gu recipe, we did not think that fairy would have time luck Immortal Gu. It seems that we can fortunately coordinate them together.”


 Regarding this matter, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had the right to speak.


 He was a time path Gu Immortal, time luck immortal gu and inch of time were both time path Gu worms, since he had the feeling and predicted that these two Gu worms could coordinate, then that was probably going to work.


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression relaxed, but her tone was still stiff: “Even in that case, to think of a brand new immortal killer move using time luck Immortal Gu and inch of time as the foundation will be a huge project. Why don’t you leave the time luck Immortal Gu with me first, and I will use the immortal killer move to improve your luck, isn’t that a better result?”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, immediately replying: “Precisely because you have the immortal killer move, we thought about the method to use Time Luck and inch of time. We can also lend the time luck Immortal Gu to you, fairy. At that point, you can activate the immortal killer move and improve our luck, that works the same.”


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression froze, she thought: ‘Immortal Gu are unique, if time luck Immortal Gu is in your hands, you hold the initiative. Who knows what will happen in the future? The Snowy Mountain Alliance has a time limit, whether we continue it or not is unknown. If we become enemies, would you lend the time luck Immortal Gu to me?’


 As Fairy Li Shan thought of this, she understood.


 Wasn’t her worry exactly what Fang Yuan was concerned about?


 If time luck Immortal Gu was in her hands, and she had the immortal killer move, she would hold the initiative. In the future, if the alliance expired, even if she helped Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng improve their luck, wouldn’t she be the one deciding on the price?


 “Fang Yuan, this lad is tough to deal with.” Fairy Li Shan gritted her teeth secretly, regretting her decision to take out time luck Immortal Gu.


 Her plan was to use time luck Immortal Gu and this immortal killer move to create a new source of revenue. Improving the luck of other Gu Immortals would definitely be a popular service.


 But Hei Lou Lan was stuck in the dream realm, and Fairy Li Shan needed their help. Since she was unwilling to allow both strength path Immortal Gu to fall into Fang Yuan’s hands, she was in a passive spot.


 Even though Fairy Li Shan had a huge network, Hei Lou Lan’s identity could not be exposed, she could only rely on Fang Yuan’s help, thus he had her firmly in his grasp.


 Fang Yuan saw the chance and extorted her. This was a ruthless blow, he struck at the crucial part and bit off a huge chunk of flesh.


 “Forget about it. With Fang Yuan’s craftiness, if I did not take out time luck Immortal Gu, he might not want the other Immortal Gu. Even if he wanted both strength path Immortal Gu, what could I do? Can I let Little Lan remain in the dream realm forever? Little sister left behind a familial emotion along with a large amount of green grape immortal essence, they are still in Little Lan’s immortal aperture. That was the reason why Little Lan was able to use Immortal Gu when she was a mortal. However, with this dream realm calamity, the familial emotion has instead made it even stronger. With such a close relationship, the dream realm cannot be broken, it is grasping Little Lan tightly and preventing her from escaping. As time passes, her soul might disappear.” Fairy Li Shan sighed, Fang Yuan was her only hope now.


 She was an astute person, she had her own plans and did not expose Hei Lou Lan’s secret of having Su Xian Er’s familial emotion.


 She did not lie, she just hid it from them.


 In the future, even if Fang Yuan could not save Hei Lou Lan, because of the agreement, he had to find a new method.


 One could say, no matter the results, Fairy Li Shan had Fang Yuan on their side. At least, when it came to saving Hei Lou Lan, they were in agreement.


 Thinking of this, Fairy Li Shan had to let go despite her reluctance, she allowed Fang Yuan to take time luck Immortal Gu.


 This transaction ended with both sides fulfilling their own needs.


 Fang Yuan used the chance to extort two Immortal Gu, because it happened to suit his new plans, it could be said that he greatly profited. But he had not found out Fairy Li Shan’s true bottom line.


 In truth, even if Fang Yuan wanted the two strength path Immortal Gu, it was not impossible. But Fairy Li Shan’s acting was impeccable, Fang Yuan could not probe her true bottom line.


 Meanwhile, Fairy Li Shan paid two Immortal Gu to break free of the dream realm and save their lives. Their lives were naturally more valuable than the Immortal Gu.


 Thus, they formed a new agreement and completed this transaction.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, trying to refine the various dream path mortal Gu, to form the immortal killer move and save Hei Lou Lan.


 Meanwhile, Fairy Li Shan rushed to the first peak of Snowy Mountain.


 There, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had already gathered most of the demonic path Gu Immortals, and had urged Fairy Li Shan multiple times already.


 Before going, Fairy Li Shan said with a look of concern, urging Fang Yuan: “I am only leaving Little Lan here temporarily, the third peak is not safe, Fang Yuan, I hope you can do your best, the longer this drags on, the more dangerous it gets. If Little Lan is in trouble, you will not be safe either!”



***
Chapter 768 - Identity Exposed


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan activated Fixed Immortal Travel, returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, but at the same time, at a certain battlefield in Northern Plains, a fight was coming to an end, the victor had been decided.


 More than ten Gu Immortals surrounded the two people at the center.


 Qin Bai Sheng landed on the ground, bending his back as he pushed his knees upwards, preventing himself from kneeling down.


 He was no longer in the previous bold and heroic state. Even his intense battle intent earlier had dissipated, it had completely transformed into shock and dejection.


 “This, this immortal killer move is called green jade song?” Qin Bai Sheng raised his head and looked at Feng Jiu Ge, speaking as he spat out blood.


 His blood was no longer red, it had turned into an eerie green.


 As the green blood was spat out, it solidified rapidly, turning into beads of jade pearls while falling to the ground.


 These jade pearls collided with the ground and emitted a crisp sound.


 The surroundings within a huge area had completely been turned into a domain of jade. The soil on the ground used to be extremely ordinary, but now it had been turned entirely into green jade.


 Not just that, the reeds on the ground had also become jade-like objects. As the wind blew, the jade stems swayed with the wind, as the reed leaves shook slightly.


 Meanwhile, there was a jade will emitting from Qin Bai Sheng’s body. Not only were his clothes turned into jade, half of his hair had turned jade too. Even most of his skin had frozen into jade. The blood in his body could not flow smoothly, there was the contaminated jade blood in his body. Qin Bai Sheng was now trying to get them out of his body. Thankfully, his organs and intestines were protected by his defensive immortal killer move, they managed to resist the green jade song.


 After personally witnessing the process of Qin Bai Sheng losing to one attack, the remaining Central Continent Gu Immortals had a grim expression, their gazes towards Feng Jiu Ge were full of wariness.


 Feng Jiu Ge floated in the air, looking at Qin Bai Sheng as he said with a tone of admiration: “That’s right, this is my own creation, green jade song, it can convert everything into jade. You were able to resist it for fifteen minutes, that is very rare. Alright, you are truly strong and courageous, it is too much of a pity if you die here, searching your soul is too disrespectful too. How about this, I will ask you a few questions, just answer me truthfully.”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals heard Feng Jiu Ge’s words and felt some surprise. This was not in line with their earlier plans.


 “Lord Feng Jiu Ge.”


 “Qin Bai Sheng is a Northern Plains expert, if you let him go so easily, you might be leaving behind a future danger.”


 “This person could resist green jade song for fifteen minutes, he is a strong adversary and a lone cultivator, why don’t we...”


 Everyone spoke out, hoping that Feng Jiu Ge would kill Qin Bai Sheng. On one hand, they were wary of his battle strength, but on the other hand, they were coveting Qin Bai Sheng’s great wealth.


 Qin Bai Sheng was one of the biggest winners in the auction. To make a comparison, the total amount of immortal materials that Fang Yuan obtained after selling all of the Gu Immortal captives was less than one percent of his earnings.


 But Feng Jiu Ge waved his hand: “I have already made up my mind, there is no need to say anything else. Old Oracle, I will need you to use the killer move, gentleman’s bamboo.”


 Facing Feng Jiu Ge’s firm attitude and insistence, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were silent.


 The green jade battlefield in front of them was the greatest deterrence. They were all experts of the ten great ancient sects, but they had all found out now that they could not even take one attack from Feng Jiu Ge. If they swapped places with Qin Bai Sheng, they would end up in an even poorer state!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s strength was so great that all the Gu Immortals here lost their vigor. Qin Bai Sheng had lost his battle intent, while the Central Continent Gu Immortals were thinking: No wonder Feng Jiu Ge was acknowledged to be at first place in Central Continent! Six songs meant six immortal killer moves, green jade song was only one of them. With such battle strength, he was simply terrifying, even against a rank eight Gu Immortal, he might not be inferior.


 The young-looking wisdom path Gu Immortal that was called by Feng Jiu Ge was from Ancient Soul Sect of Central Continent.


 He breathed in deeply, walking out towards the center of the battlefield.


 He stretched out his fist from his wide sleeve, opening his five fingers as a colorless crystal bamboo grew out of his palm.


 “My immortal killer move, gentleman’s bamboo, uses the rank six Immortal Gu Bamboo Gentleman as the core, with six hundred and sixty mortal Gu complementing it, it is used specially for detecting lies. Even though the core Immortal Gu is rank six, this killer move can work against rank seven Gu Immortals. But against rank eight, it will not be effective.”


 Old Oracle’s explanation sounded modest, but it was actually a threat to Qin Bai Sheng to not play any tricks.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s expression was very ugly, he understood what Old Oracle was trying to say.


 “I lost to one move, Feng Jiu Ge, you are really amazing. My skill was inferior, I admit my defeat, ask away. But you can only ask three questions.” Qin Bai Sheng said.


 “You!” A few Central Continent Gu Immortals were unhappy, they frowned as they emitted killing intent.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled: “No problem, three questions are enough.”


 “Ask quickly, I have no time to waste.” Qin Bai Sheng spat out the last mouthful of jade blood, regaining a bit of his grandeur.


 “The first question, who is the person who sold these Immortal Gu, Delight in Water and Mountain and Worldly Wave Trace?”


 Qin Bai Sheng was stunned, he imagined Fang Yuan’s appearance, feeling sour and bitter within: Sha Huang, oh Sha Huang, you were the one who brought harm to your brother!


 Thoughts flashed across his mind as Qin Bai Sheng replied plainly without hesitating: “This seller is called Sha Huang, he is an immortal zombie.”


 “Sha Huang... immortal zombie...” Feng Jiu Ge muttered: “Continue speaking.”


 Qin Bai Sheng continued: “I only met this person recently, because I used my rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu and saw that this person’s luck was greater than normal, I befriended him. This person has a mysterious origin, it seems he has a backer. In this auction, he sold thirteen Gu Immortal captives. Among them, there was a rank seven Gu Immortal, Rushing Thunder Hand Wu Hao. Furthermore, he has a close relationship with Fairy Li Shan, that is all I know.”


 Once he said that, Qin Bai Sheng’s body shook as his skin burst open, blood poured out like a fountain with no sign of stopping!


 Qin Bai Sheng growled in pain, concentrating as he activated his healing Immortal Gu.


 After a dozen breaths, he stabilized his injuries, but the pain was too unbearable, his body was still shivering slightly.


 This was due to the previous alliance agreement. Now that he leaked the information, he had broken the agreement and was facing an intense backlash, his life was in danger.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked at Qin Bai Sheng, then turning around to look at Old Oracle.


 The colorless bamboo in Old Oracle’s hands was swaying without a trace of a change in color. This proved that Qin Bai Sheng’s words were all truthful.


 Thus, Feng Jiu Ge continued to ask: “The second question is regarding the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, tell me all that you know.”


 Qin Bai Sheng heard this and his expression became very ugly.


 An hour later, the Central Continent Gu Immortals watched as Qin Bai Sheng flew into the sky, becoming a small black dot as he vanished from their vision.


 One of them was not satisfied: “Lord Feng Jiu Ge, are we really letting him off? He has so many Immortal Gu with him, he even has almost half of the immortal materials traded in the auction!”


 Feng Jiu Ge shook his head: “It is not that I do not want to strike, but I found out that he has a method to detonate his soul, just the aura of it alone is terrifying. If we force him, he will probably drag a few of you down with him. By then, our plan to get information would fail.”


 “It’s actually like this?!” The Gu Immortals were uncertain.


 Feng Jiu Ge said with deep meaning: “Look at this colorless crystal bamboo, you can tell if I lied.”


 Everyone kept quiet.


 Old Oracle smiled sheepishly, retracting his immortal killer move.


 He changed the subject: “Thanks to Lord Feng Jiu Ge, we obtained these clues, it will really help in deducing the true culprit.”


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded: “We will split into two groups now, one will protect Old Oracle and let him deduce in peace. The other will follow me and go to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, finding out news about Sha Huang. If Sha Huang is a member inside Zombie Alliance, we will capture him on the spot, that would be the best outcome.”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals listened to him, they split into two groups and retreated rapidly.


 Fifteen minutes later, several blurry silhouettes landed here.


 “This... how can this be?” Looking at the green jade field in front of them, He Lang Zi could still sense the power of this killer move, wariness flashed in his eyes.


 “Oh no, Qin Bai Sheng was ambushed, they have already fought.” Hei Cheng had rich experience, his expression sank when he saw this.


 Fairy Jiang Yu quickly took out a set of investigative Gu, after checking, she let out a breath of turbid air: “Thankfully, even though they fought, Qin Bai Sheng was not captured, he has already escaped in that direction.”


 Fairy Jiang Yu’s investigative method made Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi gasp in shock in their minds.


 When the Central Continent Gu Immortals left, they had erased all of their traces, but when Fairy Jiang Yu used her method, she managed to expose more than ten Gu Immortal auras.


 These auras all differed, they were in all kinds of sizes, among them, the aura that Feng Jiu Ge left behind was the largest, far greater than the rest.


 “Qin Bai Sheng managed to escape from the ambush of more than ten Gu Immortals?” Xue Song Zi was surprised: “We are only five people, how can we trap Qin Bai Sheng?”


 “Don’t worry, I have a method.” The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal said in a hoarse voice.


 Fairy Jiang Yu retrieved her Gu worms, she showed an anxious expression: “Go, in that direction, let’s chase him!”


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 “What a huge piece of spiky metal! Wow, a thousand and five hundred kilograms of death water! This, these are actually jade wood eggs, wow... so many! Fang Yuan, you are so crafty and scheming, you did not disappoint me at all.” Lang Ya land spirit looked at the mountain of immortal materials, while having a joyous expression mixed with pain.


 Not only were the quality of the immortal materials in front of him good, they were huge in quantity, the land spirit was pleased. But when he thought about the four to six split between him and Fang Yuan, he felt bitter deep inside.


 Those thirteen Gu Immortal captives were all from Lang Ya land spirit’s work. But now, Fang Yuan was gaining a huge profit from them, he felt very uncomfortable.


 “Actually, if you want the immortal materials, it is not impossible.” Fang Yuan said.


 Lang Ya land spirit stared with his eyes wide open, he was not happy, instead, he showed intense alertness: “Rascal, what scheme are you up to now?”


 He was scared of falling into Fang Yuan’s trap.


 “You have a lot of hairy men in your blessed land, they are raised well and are good at refining Gu. But mine are quite inferior. I have a lot of mortal Gu to refine, help me refine these Gu and I’ll pay for it using immortal materials. Don’t be afraid, this is a fair trade.” Fang Yuan said warmly.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes rolled, without thinking for too long, he agreed: “Alright, since I often help that inkman lad anyway, I’ll take your business too.”



***
Chapter 769 - Testing Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hu Immortal blessed land.


 A crystal mountain stood high at the center of Hu Immortal blessed land; it was recorded in > — Dang Hun mountain.


 Fang Yuan was hovering above Dang Hun mountain in his original form, with a height of six meters, a green face with sharp fangs, imposing build and eight monstrous arms.


 However, when compared to Dang Hun mountain, he was minuscule like an ant.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes let out bright light as he looked at Dang Hun mountain below him, and suddenly gave a shout: “Pulling Mountain!”


 Next moment, a formless, majestic force erupted from within him and moved towards Dang Hun mountain.


 Fang Yuan opened up his eight arms in an embracing pose, as if he was hugging a giant object. He gritted his teeth and exerted all his strength, like he was lifting a very heavy item.


 Rumble...


 At first, the sound was only a slight noise. But soon, the sound kept on increasing till the surroundings started to tremor slightly.


 The object that was causing the sound was Dang Hun mountain.


 Under the activation of Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu, this large crystal mountain began to slowly rise, leaving the ground.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, the muscles in his eight arms bulged up like lumps of rocks.


 Not only his arms, the muscles in his entire body were being exerted. Creaking noises started echoing from his body, with his bones being under extremely heavy pressure.


 With his great efforts, Dang Hun mountain was lifted higher, gradually rising five to six inches from the ground.


 Hu Immortal land spirit was watching this with a shocked expression, with her mouth slightly agape.


 “Rise.” Fang Yuan wanted to properly test the Immortal Gu, and did not stop even at this stage.


 Rays of light started to gradually shine from his body.


 These rays were all over his whole body, but were not close together and looked extremely sparse.


 The rays of light started getting brighter; at the same time, the speed at which Fang Yuan raised Dang Hun mountain was also becoming faster.


 At first, the mountain was only raised by inches, now it was ascending foot by foot.


 While activating the Immortal Gu Pulling Mountain, Fang Yuan observed his body as well.


 These shiny rays of light on his body were strength path dao marks.


 Strength path dao marks covered his whole body without any particular order; some got entangled and gathered into one ray, while some occupied certain parts of his skin by themselves.


 “I activated the Immortal Gu, Pulling Mountain, with all my strength, and the strength path dao marks on me resonated with the Immortal Gu. The power of the Immortal Gu did not change, but I could bring out close to twenty percent more strength from this resonance!”


 Fang Yuan persisted for a while longer, until all the bones on his body started cracking; Dang Hun mountain was lifted to a height of two to three hundred feet, before he slowly placed it back down.


 The enormous and heavy mountain landed on the ground, producing a reverberating noise, like that of muffled thunder, and raising a billowing wave of dust.


 Fang Yuan breathed roughly, his whole body was worn out and limp, there were many injuries to his muscles as well.


 However, a few breaths later, with an immortal zombie’s powerful regenerative ability, all his injuries, whether they were in bones or muscles, recovered rapidly.


 Fang Yuan’s breathing stabilized. He slowly closed his eyes, meticulously recalling the sensation from just earlier, while still hovering in the air.


 Before using the strength path Immortal Gu, Pulling Mountain, Fang Yuan had gone through many kinds of deductions. Now that he was using it, his understanding was deepened, after all, true knowledge was derived from practice.


 “Ever since I became a strength path Gu Immortal, there has been no increase in the strength path dao marks on my body. Thus, even after using all my effort and under the resonance of strength path dao marks, I could only increase my power by close to twenty percent.”


 “Activating pulling mountain Immortal Gu will continuously consume immortal essence. Just this period of time already used up three beads of my green grape immortal essence.”


 “The consumption seems very high, but considering that the target was Dang Hun mountain, it is not much.”


 Dang Hun mountain was a wondrous place that could produce guts Gu, it was unique in the entire nine heavens and five regions. Not even Snowy Mountain could match the value of such a precious treasure.


 Based on this, Fang Yuan speculated that it would be much easier for him if he pulled other ordinary mountain ranges compared to Dang Hun mountain.


 “Pulling Mountain is good.” After a while, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and softly praised, extremely satisfied deep inside.


 No mountains were easy to pull or move.


 Trees had tree roots, while mountains had mountain roots. If they were casually moved, the roots could be broken and result in their destruction.


 According to theory involving qi path, the whole world constituted of heaven and earth qi. The two qi converged, freely and unceasingly, forming all kinds of natural landscapes.


 For instance, wind, rain, thunder and lightning were caused by abundant heaven qi mixed with occasional earth qi.


 Mountains and hills were the condensation of earth qi with a bit of heaven qi blended in.


 Destruction was always much easier than construction.


 Mountains and rivers were easy to destroy, but could not be easily shifted. Mountain roots were connected to the earth, interlinked by earth qi. The earth qi was like the foundation of a tall building, if the mountain was forcibly pulled, it could directly break the earth qi and destroy the mountain.


 However, Pulling Mountain had a mysterious ability of directly breaking the connection with the earth qi without damaging the body of the mountain. After the mountain was placed down, it could connect with the earth qi again, this was not something achievable through ordinary methods.


 “Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water... let’s try this strength path Immortal Gu next.”


 Fang Yuan left Dang Hun mountain and with Little Hu Immortal’s help, he instantly arrived at the blessed land’s eastern area, hovering in front of a lake.


 The eastern part of Hu Immortal blessed land was covered in lakes of all sizes. It was the result of Fang Yuan linking the east and the north, using water to extinguish fire in the past. At that time, countless rockmen had been sacrificed.


 Now, the lakes here were supporting the habitats of large amounts of blue jade carps, many air bubble fishes and a few water wolf groups.


 Above the lakes, there were many dark clouds linked continuously.


 Large numbers of star fragment grass were planted on the dark clouds, forming grasslands in the sky. In the grasslands, groups of starlight fireflies were fluttering about. Among the ordinary firefly groups, there was a higher than average proportion of starlight firefly Gu mixed in them.


 Thus, although there were thick dark clouds over the eastern part of the Hu Immortal blessed land, starlight shined brightly all over the area. In the sky was a grassland of starry clouds, while on the ground were lakes spread all over, sparkling and reflecting the starlight.


 Fang Yuan flew above the largest lake, activating pulling water Immortal Gu.


 A similar formless force penetrated into the lake.


 Fang Yuan slowly raised two hands and immediately with a splashing sound, large amounts of lake water were lifted into the air.


 Compared with pulling Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan felt that pulling the lake water here was as easy as picking up paper. There was an enormous difference between the two.


 The lake water’s state was still the same as before with no change. Large numbers of fish, shrimps, eels and turtles were freely moving around inside.


 It was only that they were not able to swim beyond the periphery — a formless force held up the lake water in place of the lake shore.


 Underneath the floating lake, the bottom of the lake had completely dried up, without a trace of water left behind. Large amounts of water plants were piled up on the lake bed, along with stones, shells, and so on.


 Fang Yuan moved his ten fingers in different ways, causing the formless force to change. The giant lake water was like a piece of muddy clay that allowed Fang Yuan to mold it according to his will; occasionally, it took a form of a long strip of dough, round like a ball another time, and the next moment it was finely molded into a hexahedron.


 After transforming it for a while, Fang Yuan stopped moving his fingers, before exerting the thoughts in his mind.


 The lake water shook nonstop, displaying all sorts of weird and strange shapes, like a deer flying, a cloud moving... but regardless of the changes, the fish groups and other living beings inside were covered by the formless force, unable to get out.


 “Nice, nice!” Little Hu Immortal, who was watching from the side, laughed joyfully with bright eyes.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was also watching, and heaved a sigh: “Moving mountains and overturning rivers, it truly is the sight of an immortal’s power.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved again, and the enormous lake water slowly and gently landed back into the lake. Fang Yuan retrieved the formless force, stopping pulling water Immortal Gu. This lake was restored to its previous state, but there were waves churning on the surface of the lake, lasting for a long while.


 “These two strength path Immortal Gu have specific forces. One is targeted at mountain ranges, while the other is for water. If used with kind intentions, one can bring in rain, and move mountains to open a path. If used with malicious intention, mountains can capsize and giant waves could rise up to the sky.” Fang Yuan inwardly praised.


 This was the battle strength of Gu Immortals.


 They could directly steamroll through mortal Gu Masters like crushing ants.


 “I obtained two Gu and my battle strength immediately rose explosively. But to integrate them in my immortal killer move, myriad self, won’t be an easy matter. I will definitely need time and effort. Unlike the Immortal Gu, Self Strength and Strength Qi, which can almost directly merge with myriad self because myriad self’s concept matches with them.”


 Designing a killer move was not simple.


 The lightning path Gu Immortal, Vicious Lightning Fiend, had gone into secluded cultivation for several years before he was able to draw references from the blood deity Immortal Gu recipe to create the killer move, lightning deity.


 Hei Lou Lan already had the mortal killer move, self strength phantom, even with this foundation, making it an immortal killer move was difficult. She had been trying so hard at it, but still had little success.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had created blood path killer moves, and it was a result from racking his brains, spending long periods of time and making painstaking efforts.


 Fang Yuan still did not have any clue on how to merge these two strength path Immortal Gu into myriad self.


 But he was not worried and was even confident.


 One part of this confidence came from his strength path attainment. More of it came from his incomparable confidence in rank nine wisdom Gu.


 The light of wisdom could produce unlimited inspiration. This was a supreme tool in deducing Gu recipes, Immortal Gu recipes, mortal killer moves, immortal killer moves and many other things!


 Looking back at this auction, Fang Yuan lost Worldly Wave Trace, Rising Azure Cloud, Delight in Water and Mountain, and gained Iron Crown Eagle Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Eat Strength and Unravel Mystery.


 Every Gu was good, the main matter was whether they suited oneself.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength had increased by a very large scale with this auction.


 “Junior brother, you gained a lot in this auction. When you completely process them, your battle strength will surely increase by several times!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly flew over, praising Fang Yuan happily.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Right, I now have a desolate beast bat corpse and can add in the third pair of bat wings. Eat strength Immortal Gu and iron crown eagle strength Gu can be used to cultivate, increasing the strength path dao marks in my body. The more dao marks there are, the more power I can bring out when I use strength path Immortal Gu. There is also inch of time, memory thought Gu, malicious thought Gu and others which I need to urgently produce in large numbers. I have to combine the complete unfamiliar face and the incomplete vaguely familiar face to design an entirely new method of disguise. There is much work to be done and they all need to be carried out.”


 In the coming days, Fang Yuan was definitely going to be extremely busy.


 But this was a good thing.


 The auction was an excellent opportunity which Fang Yuan tightly grabbed onto and made the best use of, bringing progress in more or less every aspect.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng reminded: “Don’t forget your agreement with Fairy Li Shan, the main task is to refine dream path mortal Gu to form the immortal killer move which can awaken Hei Lou Lan.”


 “I understand this, you should go to Eastern Sea.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng smiled: “Shark Demon has already urged me several times over these last days. Junior brother, if there is anything, just notify me and I will immediately return.”


 Fang Yuan frowned: “Be careful. We have revealed many things in this auction, also, Ma and Zhao have fallen into the hands of others, this is not good for us!”


 At this moment, he was still not aware that his immortal zombie Sha Huang identity was already exposed.



***
Chapter 770 - Refining Dream Path Mortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Amidst the light drizzle, Qing Mao mountain appeared even greener than usual.


 Fang Yuan sat in his room, facing his younger brother Fang Zheng.


 “Brother, why are you still so stubborn? Uncle and aunt had raised us with great difficulty these last years, yet you reported them to the elders, this is really an ungrateful act!” Fang Zheng puffed up his chest, standing in front of Fang Yuan as he scolded with a righteous tone.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, his gaze was cold as ice as he looked around, thinking: “This dream realm is very realistic.”


 Soon after, he inspected his body, seeing that in his rank three aperture, he had liquor worm, all-out effort Gu and others.


 Fang Yuan’s mind settled, he thought: “This body’s cultivation level is the same as before the Three Kings blessed land time period.”


 At this time, Fang Zheng said with agitation: “Right now, there is still some time before the elders’ trial, it is still possible for brother to withdraw your case. If you really put up a case against them, your reputation will be ruined, everyone will look down on you, I will not acknowledge you as my brother!”


 Fang Yuan chuckled, he stood up and walked towards Fang Zheng.


 Fang Zheng took a step back: “Brother, what are you trying to do?”


 Seeing him like this, Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of disgust in his heart.


 “This is the dream realm’s entanglement.” Fang Yuan knew this in his heart, he held in his disgust as he walked past Fang Zheng, walking out of the door.


 “Brother!” Fang Zheng turned around, grabbing Fang Yuan’s arm.


 Fang Yuan could not enter or leave, he turned around and looked at his brother, the sense of disgust deep inside was growing. He had an urge to give Fang Zheng a slap before moving away.


 But Fang Yuan became calmer, he grabbed Fang Zheng’s arm as he exerted strength, attempting to free himself.


 But soon after, Fang Zheng’s other arm grabbed Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sighed helplessly, a sharp light flashed in his eyes as he raised his leg, kicking Fang Zheng onto the ground.


 Fang Zheng was sent crashing onto the ground, he could not get up for the time being.


 Fang Yuan was freed and turned around, taking large steps and walking out of the door.


 The moment he left, the scene in front of him changed.


 He was in the Gu Yue clan’s discussion hall.


 The elders were all seated on the two rows at the sides. The clan leader was at the center, looking down at Fang Zheng and Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan inspected himself, finding that he was kneeling on the ground along with Fang Zheng beside him.


 Fang Yuan’s was fully aware, he knew that when he kicked Fang Zheng earlier, his emotions had been moved and it caused the dream realm’s entanglement to become stronger.


 Previously it was the first scene, it was just a room with two people. But now in the discussion hall, it was larger than the room, and there were around ten people. Most of their faces were blurry, only Fang Zheng’s face was clearly visible.


 Fang Yuan looked around, he only gazed at the clan leader for a short period of time before his face suddenly became clearer.


 Fang Yuan quickly looked away, not daring to keep gazing.


 The longer he looked, the more his memories would be pulled out, and the more realistic the dream realm would be. The bigger problem was getting his emotions involved, the moment emotions he invested, he would fall further into the dream realm’s entanglement.


 Fang Yuan did not have any dream path Immortal Gu to help him, if he lost himself in the snare, it would be hard for him to free himself.


 “Where is the Gu refinement material in the dream? Don’t tell me it is not in this second scene, but the third?” Fang Yuan looked around as he searched, but there was no result. Just as he was thinking, the clan leader spoke.


 Soon afterwards, a clan elder stood out and announced to everyone that Fang Yuan was suing his aunt and uncle for trying to embezzle his parents’ inheritance.


 Fang Zheng was the witness, speaking for his uncle and aunt.


 As Fang Yuan listened to them, the disgust and hatred deep inside him grew, even a sense of anger was hidden within.


 As the elders spoke, they were all siding with Fang Zheng, they did not treat Fang Yuan well at all.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was getting more dangerous, but he still remained extremely calm. He paid careful attention to these emotions, deep within himself, he was sneering in disdain at them from beginning to end.


 “The accused may enter now.” At this moment, the clan leader spoke.


 Uncle and aunt appeared, they had an angry expression. The moment they spoke, they chided Fang Yuan, saying that he had an unfilial attitude. They said that this was completely a baseless accusation, there was no such thing, but all of the elders believed their words, smiling coldly at Fang Yuan.


 “We will give you one last chance, do you have anything else to say?” At the end, the clan leader opened his mouth, asking Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan coldly smiled, this was the trap of the dream realm, once he spoke and triggered his emotions, he would be in danger.


 Thus, he kept quiet and shook his head.


 The clan leader’s expression changed, he sneered as he pointed: “You are truly guilty, you have no words to rebuke us. I will now declare, you will return the nine leaf vitality grass Gu back to your uncle and aunt.”


 The nine leaf vitality grass appeared very fresh and lifelike, it was taken out of his aperture and handed to his uncle and aunt.


 Fang Zheng kowtowed continuously, thanking: “Thank you lord clan leader, thank you elders for your clear judgment, you protected my innocent uncle and aunt’s reputation.”


 Fang Yuan felt faint anger and sadness in his heart, but he controlled them.


 His gaze was shining, he stared at the nine leaf vitality grass.


 The Gu refinement material had appeared in the dream, it was this ‘nine leaf vitality grass’.


 “That really was full of hidden danger, the key item is involved in all sorts of ways to trigger my emotions. The more I focus on this dream material, the more my emotions would be drawn out, I would sink into the dream realm’s entanglement.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan made a move, using his primeval essence and injecting them into his Gu.


 Several strength path phantoms appeared, attacking his uncle and aunt.


 He took the ‘nine leaf vitality grass’ immediately, not staying afterwards, charging out of the door without hesitation.


 “Scoundrel!” The clan leader smiled in spite of his anger, he charged out as well.


 “You dare to offend your seniors, you are too audacious, you deserve death!” The elders shouted angrily, following the leader and chasing after Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had just stepped out of the door when the scene in front of him changed.


 He was in a cave with countless pale white bones around him, this reminded Fang Yuan of Southern Border’s Bai Gu mountain.


 Because of Grey Bone Scholar’s inheritance, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing worked together, eventually escaping Bai Gu mountain and hiding from the assault of Bai clan. This was a vivid memory etched in the depths of his heart.


 The moment he had this recollection, the surroundings of the cave became clearer, they even changed and became exactly like Bai Gu mountain back then.


 Fang Yuan was alerted, he stopped recalling his memories.


 At this moment, Gu Yue clan leader brought close to ten clan elders, entering Fang Yuan’s vision and chasing him.


 Fang Yuan quickly retreated.


 Once he died in the dream realm, his soul would take great damage, or he might even die because of the dream. In the five hundred years of his previous life, who knows how many Gu Masters fell into a dream realm’s entanglement and lost their lives inside dream realms.


 According to Fang Yuan’s soul foundation, death was not possible, but his soul could get heavily injured.


 Fang Yuan was not afraid of soul injuries, because he was in control of the exclusive guts Gu transaction. The problem was, if he left the dream realm due to injuries, the dream material that he had searched for with much difficulty would vanish. His work would be wasted, Fang Yuan did not want that.


 As Fang Yuan escaped, he checked the nine leaf vitality grass Gu in his pocket.


 The grass Gu was realistic and lifelike, Fang Yuan had a sensation deep within himself, reminding him that this was a high tier ingredient for refining dream Gu.


 Fang Yuan moved about left and right, escaping into a small cave. He released a few Gu worms as a danger detection method, before sitting on the ground and refining Gu using the Gu recipe in his memories.


 Halfway through the refinement, Fang Yuan was discovered by some pursuers, they blocked the only exit of the cave.


 Fang Yuan sighed helplessly, he activated several strength path beast phantoms and forced his way out.


 During the intense battle, he restrained his emotions and only forced them out, not killing them.


 A moment later, he found a second cave and entered it to refine Gu again.


 This time, the refinement was even shorter, he only finished thirty percent before he was discovered by Fang Zheng.


 “He is here!” Fang Zheng shouted loudly.


 Fang Yuan snorted, kicking and sending Fang Zheng flying.


 At this time, an elder had arrived already, assaulting Fang Yuan from behind.


 Every time he got injured in the dream, it was a huge hit to his soul.


 Fang Yuan was in a dangerous situation, he turned around and summoned several beast strength phantoms, turning this elder who attacked him into meat paste.


 “Fang Yuan, you will die terribly!” Before dying, this elder cursed as he shouted. His blurred face turned clearer, turning into the academy elder’s appearance.


 Fang Yuan sighed deeply to himself.


 During the dangerous moment earlier, he was distracted and his control over his emotions weakened, it caused him to fall deeper into the dream.


 This was also the reason why he did not kill the pursuers all along.


 The dream scenario could go on endlessly, it could be said to be infinite. Even if Fang Yuan killed the pursuers, new ones would appear, even if they did not appear, there would be new disturbances.


 Especially when he engaged in life and death brawls, he had to concentrate, his emotions were more likely to influence his actions. There were all sorts of dreams, they involved drawing out a person’s emotions, so that they could not distinguish reality and illusions, eventually sinking into the dream realm’s entanglement, unable to wake up.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had his previous life’s experiences, even though his achievement in the field of dream realms was pitiful, it was enough to deal with this.


 After getting rid of the pursuers, Fang Yuan came to a hall, it was exactly the same as the area where he refined bone flesh unity Gu.


 Here, Fang Yuan finally refined his dream path Gu worm.


 As the pursuers came, Fang Yuan laughed as he muttered to himself: “Time to wake up.”


 As he said this, the scene in front of him vanished and turned into pure darkness.


 Fang Yuan gradually opened his eyes, the darkness faded and turned into the scenery of Dang Hun palace, just like before he entered the dream. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was sitting on the bed, his arms grabbing at a space, it was the same as the motions of his arms in the dream.


 In the dream, he was grabbing the newly refined dream path mortal Gu. Now that he was back in the real world, the dream path mortal Gu vanished.


 Fang Yuan was not shocked, he checked inside his mind.


 In his mind, a dream path mortal Gu was floating, the thoughts around it were like bubbles, popping and vanishing.


 “The first dream path mortal Gu is finally done.” Fang Yuan smiled in satisfaction.


 Dream path was different from other paths, the mortal Gu did not have physical forms, they only existed in the mind. Only dream path Immortal Gu could turn from immaterial to solid.



***
Chapter 771 - Lord Vice Envoy


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Scoundrel, where are you trying to run to?” Dragon Commander Ye Cha led three immortal zombies as he flew in the air, they were very fast, as if like lightning.


 The person they were chasing was none other than Feng Jiu Ge.


 He disguised himself as an immortal zombie and tried to mix into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, but at the last moment, he was blocked by the dao mark door at the discussion hall entrance.


 Because of this, the secret that he was not a Northern Plains immortal zombie was exposed, and Dragon Commander Ye Cha, one of the three leaders of Dark Flow Giant City, personally went after him.


 Suddenly, Feng Jiu Ge stopped his movements, he turned around and looked at the pursuers, smiling as he said: “Are you having a hard time chasing me? Why don’t you stop, I just have a few questions, if you answer me truthfully, I might spare your lives.”


 “What?” The immortal zombies flew into a rage.


 “Scoundrel, you will not be able to escape, you dared to scheme against us, worm!” A brawny male immortal zombie said in an malicious tone.


 “There might be a trap.” A female immortal zombie immediately used her investigative method, scanning the surroundings.


 Almost at the same time, the female immortal zombie’s expression became stupefied, she screamed in shock.


 Three Central Continent Gu Immortals appeared, together with Feng Jiu Ge, they surrounded the immortal zombies in a circle.


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed lightly, he got rid of his disguise and restored his original appearance, his rank seven Gu Immortal aura emanated with no room for doubt.


 The immortal zombies were all stirring anxiously.


 “Rank seven Gu Immortals!” Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s face was grim, he tried to raise the morale: “So what if it is an ambush? We both have four people, the numbers are the same. You are a rank seven Gu Immortal, but I am also rank seven. Do not think that immortal zombies have low battle strength, we just refuse to do unnecessary battles normally. You Gu Immortals from another region are really daring, you dare to target Northern Plains Zombie Alliance? Hmph!”


 “That’s right, don’t think I’m afraid of you!”


 “A battle it will be.”


 “You are all challenging our Zombie Alliance, have you thought of the consequences?”


 The immortal zombies spoke, they were united as one.


 Feng Jiu Ge clapped as he smiled: “By now, your letter to request support should have reached Dark Flow Giant City through your blessed land, right?”


 As he said that, the other three immortal zombies’ facial expressions changed, even Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s gaze flickered.


 Immortal zombies were in an awkward state, if they could avoid battle, they would try to do so. This place was not far away from Dark Flow Giant City, thus, the moment the Central Continent Gu Immortals appeared, the four immortal zombies sent the information back. This was not because they were afraid of dying, but rather, why would they not ask for reinforcements if they could?


 The more people there were, the greater their advantage, even if they battled intensely, they would suffer fewer losses, and the benefits after the battle would be higher.


 Those who could become Gu Immortals were astute people.


 Even a battle maniac would not fight brainlessly. If that was really the case, even if they became a Gu Immortal, they would not live long.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked at their expressions and cupped his fist as he praised: ” Your esteemed alliance’s dao mark door is truly impressive, I am full of admiration. Even though I have heard rumors about it, I wanted to try it for myself. But the dao mark door was left behind by a predecessor, now that I am here, I have the confidence of taking all your lives before your reinforcements arrive. I am sure that you have already noticed, even though this area seems normal, it is a battlefield killer move, isolating us from the outside world. I’m afraid your letter will not reach the alliance after all.”


 The four immortal zombies’ expressions changed again.


 Feng Jiu Ge sighed, his tone became more gentle, he spoke with a sense of sincerity that could move people: “I have a soul searching method, but I do not have the intention to kill you. If you cooperate with me and speak the truth, I will let you off intact.”


 “Hmph, those are big words. Let’s see your methods first.” Dragon Commander Ye Cha interjected during Feng Jiu Ge’s words, if he continued speaking, the morale that he had built up might fall apart.


 Other immortal zombies might give up, but Dragon Commander Ye Cha had a high status, he had his concerns — if he gave in without even trying to fight, his reputation would be ruined. How would he command his subordinates in the future? How would he remain as one of the three leaders of Dark Flow Giant City?


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha charged out first, the three immortal zombies behind him split up, towards his left, behind him, and to the right, instantly forming a simple diamond formation.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s smile was unchanged, nevertheless he retreated in relaxed fashion.


 His opponents were too weak, he did not have the desire to fight!


 From his left and right, two Central Continent Gu Immortals laughed and attacked from either side.


 An intense battle of two against four unfolded, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were having the upper hand, expanding their advantage as time passed. Even though Dragon Commander Ye Cha furiously roared all the while and fought back bravely, he could not reverse the situation.


 But from start to finish, the two battling Central Continent Gu Immortals did not lose control over the situation.


 After fifteen minutes, Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s face turned dark, he stopped the fighting. The other three immortal zombies had little battle intent remaining, they showed a faint expression of fear.


 “What questions do you have, as long as they do not infringe on the core benefits of my Zombie Alliance, ask away.” Dragon Commander Ye Cha said coldly.


 “A wise man submits to circumstances, it is good that you have such an understanding.” Feng Jiu Ge’s smile became wider, he asked: “I need to know about immortal zombie Sha Huang.”


 “Sha Huang?” Dragon Commander Ye Cha was stunned.


 “That immortal zombie who just joined.” The female immortal zombie behind him said.


 “Oh?” Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes flashed with joy, he asked earnestly: “I would like to hear more.”


 At almost the same time, another intense battle was coming to an end.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh....


 Fairy Jiang Yu and the others had injuries as they breathed heavily, in a rough state.


 “Hmph! It was due to my inferior skills you captured me today, you are free to kill me at your own convenience! But if you want my Immortal Gu or immortal materials, you can keep dreaming.” Trapped in the middle, Qin Bai Sheng, who failed to escape, was bathed in blood as he maintained his final stance.


 Fairy Jiang Yu smiled bitterly as she shook her head: “Lord Vice Envoy, we would not dare to take your life. We have said it already, you are our leader.”


 “Hmph!” Qin Bai Sheng’s face was cold as ice, he was very alert: “Nonsense! In order to obtain my Immortal Gu and immortal materials, you are making up such a terrible lie. Do you think I am a child?”


 “Lord Vice Envoy, you are a member of Shadow Sect. The reason why you cannot remember things is because your soul was modified.” Fairy Jiang Yu explained patiently.


 “Bullshit!” Qin Bai Sheng rebuked angrily: “Even if something was done to my soul, it is precisely my own soul, how can I not detect anything wrong? When you make a lie, try to ensure it’s convincing.”


 Fairy Jiang Yu’s smile became even more bitter, the black robed Gu Immortal said: “Lord Vice Envoy, think of this from another angle. We are not stupid, why would we use this lie out of all excuses? The reason why your soul looks like it’s unmodified is because we used our sect’s supreme methods. Even a rank nine Gu Immortal cannot find any issues with it. But there is a problem, because the person himself cannot detect it due to the perfection of the modification. As time passes, he would become another person entirely.”


 “Lord, you had personally designed this plan from the beginning. I had warned you that this was dangerous. After all, Lord Envoy himself was a great example. But lord was insistent on this, you said that to deceive the enemy, you need to deceive yourself. Inside this soul path Immortal Gu, your remnant soul is inside. As long as you fuse it into yourself, you will learn about the truth.” Fairy Jiang Yu said, taking out a soul path Immortal Gu.


 Qin Bai Sheng looked at this Immortal Gu silently.


 Fairy Jiang Yu continued: “Actually, Lord Vice Envoy, you must have noticed. In the battle earlier, we did not use any fatal methods, even when you injured us heavily, we did not have any intention to kill you. I’ll give this Immortal Gu to you, you can inspect it yourself.”


 The soul path Immortal Gu flew slowly, landing in front of Qin Bai Sheng.


 “She really gave it to him.” Xue Song Zi, who was at the side, watched in shock.


 Hei Cheng was expressionless, he healed his injuries as he watched.


 Qin Bai Sheng was extremely alert, he used many methods to inspect it, after confirming that the Immortal Gu had no issues, he placed it in his hands and looked into it mentally.


 Soon, he realized that there really was a lump of soul inside this Immortal Gu.


 Furthermore, this lump of soul vaguely seemed to have a close relationship with him.


 Qin Bai Sheng hesitated for a moment before chuckling, he squeezed with his fingers and broke the Immortal Gu: “Scoundrels! This method was your trump card, right? Even using all my knowledge and experience, I could not see any flaws, but your attempt to trap me, even with your glib tongues, will end in failure!”


 “This!” Xue Song Zi shouted reflexively, he felt heartache. This was an Immortal Gu, he actually destroyed it.


 Hei Cheng was a little surprised, towards Qin Bai Sheng’s action, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of admiration.


 This was absolute self-confidence that could allow this action of his.


 Even in a desperate situation, Qin Bai Sheng’s confidence towards himself had never wavered.


 Hei Cheng thought to himself: If it were him, facing such words from his enemies, what would he choose to do?


 “Lord Vice Envoy, you!” The black robed Gu Immortal shouted, he became anxious: “How will we salvage this now?”


 “No worry.” Fairy Jiang Yu’s lips curled up: “As expected, Lord Vice Envoy understands yourself best. If this was any other place, when the Immortal Gu was destroyed, the soul would dissipate. But thankfully, we spent a lot of effort and moved you here.”


 “Hmph, where are we now?” Qin Bai Sheng shouted as he asked.


 The surrounding fog was thick, as Fairy Jiang Yu waved her sleeves, wind blew as they scattered, revealing a mountain wall.


 Qin Bai Sheng, Hei Cheng, and Xue Song Zi realized that they were in a valley now.


 “Luo Po valley?!” Qin Bai Sheng took a few glances and his heart jumped.


 “As expected of Lord Vice Envoy.” Fairy Jiang Yu waved her sleeves, countless Gu worms flew up from the valley, using an immense number of white lotus giant silkworm Gu as the foundation, they formed a super Gu formation.


 The Gu formation activated, the force in it shocked He Lang Zi, Hei Cheng, and Xue Song Zi.


 “Ah—!” Qin Bai Sheng shouted in pain.


 After a dozen breaths of time, everything ended.


 Tens of Gu worms, including a good number of Immortal Gu, flew up from the valley, returning to Qin Bai Sheng’s immortal aperture like birds returning to their nest.


 Qin Bai Sheng regained his full strength!


 “Finally, I am back...” Qin Bai Sheng looked at his hands, he said in a low voice, his expression was cold.


 “Subordinate pays respects to Lord Vice Envoy, congratulations to lord for returning safely.” Fairy Jiang Yu and the black robed Gu Immortal knelt on the ground, while Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi bowed slightly. Only He Lang Zi was still acting rebellious, crossing his arms and watching coldly.


 Qin Bai Sheng recalled everything that happened, snorting coldly: “Feng Jiu Ge... I will remember this, sooner or later, I will settle the score with you. Jiang Yu, you only found these people? Just them alone will not be able to take down Lang Ya blessed land.”


 “I have performed poorly in this task.” Fairy Jiang Yu rapidly lowered her head and admitted error.


 Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi’s expressions changed, but He Lang Zi opened his mouth and showed his sharp teeth, growling: “Qin Bai Sheng, never mind that you are acting so mysteriously, you actually dare to look down on me?”



***
Chapter 772 - Silence and Sigh


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 BOOM!


 Amidst an intense explosion, He Lang Zi was like a pile of mush as he collapsed in the huge pit.


 He tried to get up, but it was like there was a huge formless mountain pressing down on his body, the immense weight prevented him from moving at all.


 He Lang Zi’s eyes were blood red, his expression was distorted, he growled unceasingly.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s arms were lowered, he looked at the pit expressionlessly, at the struggling He Lang Zi.


 “One move, just one move, he completely immobilized He Lang Zi!” Xue Song Zi’s eyes were full of shock.


 Hei Cheng squinted, he hid the intense shock in his mind as he thought: “What immortal killer move is this? Once he used it, He Lang Zi was unable to use a single killer move! He Lang Zi was completely immobilized, but his body is unharmed, this should be a soul path killer move...”


 As for Fairy Jiang Yu, she showed no sign of surprise.


 Meanwhile, the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal’s face was covered by his hood, his expression could not be seen.


 “If, if you have the guts, let me use my killer moves! Sneak attacking me from the start, how strong can you be? I refuse to accept this!” He Lang Zi almost cracked his teeth, he was sprawled in the pit as he looked at Qin Bai Sheng, speaking with much difficulty and anger.


 Qin Bai Sheng snorted in disdain, he looked down at He Lang Zi as he smiled slightly: “Striking first gives you the advantage, does a demonic path Gu Immortal like you not know that? It seems that I overestimated you, in a real battle, who would care if you accept it or not? As long as the enemy is defeated, that is true ability!”


 As he said this, Qin Bai Sheng paused, his expression turned cold: “Right now, you are meat on the chopping block, you are at my mercy. You are to accept this whether you like it or not. I will give you three breaths of time, submit to me, or I will kill you right here.”


 He Lang Zi did not hesitate: “I submit!”


 Qin Bai Sheng laughed, releasing the restraint.


 He Lang Zi felt the pressure lifting, he laughed fiendishly as he used his immortal killer move.


 At once, a piercing bright light shone out. The light came as quickly as it faded, soon after, a huge and menacing wolf appeared.


 The huge wolf opened its mouth, pouncing on Qin Bai Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng stood at the edge of the pit, his size was a huge contrast to the huge wolf.


 Before the huge wolf reached him, a strong burst of wind blew, causing several of the Gu Immortals’ robes to flutter in the wind.


 He Lang Zi turned into a huge wolf, he attacked with rage, he had an imposing aura. Xue Song Zi and Hei Cheng retreated, afraid of getting caught up in it.


 Qin Bai Sheng was very close to him, seeing the huge wolf approaching, he did not move, he showed a cold smile on his face, evidently, He Lang Zi’s attack was not out of his expectations.


 BOOM!


 Another loud bang entered everyone’s ears.


 The huge wolf cried out, falling from the sky, its four paws were on the ground, a huge force was pressing down on the wolf’s body.


 He Lang Zi was now just like earlier, completely immobilized again.


 In his huge wolf eyes, he showed unbelieving shock, he looked at Qin Bai Sheng as he shouted: “This move again! What is this move called?”


 “It is not a big deal to tell you.” Qin Bai Sheng laughed: “This immortal killer move is called soul suppression. It uses the foundation of my soul to suppress your soul. Even though your body is strong, this move directly targets your soul. Without any immortal transformations that can resist soul path techniques, whatever beast you turn into cannot defeat me. He Lang Zi, I give you one final chance now, submit to me... or die.”


 Facing Qin Bai Sheng’s immense power, He Lang Zi turned silent.


 Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi looked at each other, they sensed this series of events was anything but reassuring.


 ...


 “Sha Huang...” Feng Jiu Ge looked at Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the others who were leaving, his mouth muttering unendingly.


 “The information we obtained this time has no practical use.” Around Feng Jiu Ge, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were mumbling in unhappiness.


 “No, we obtained a lot of information.” Feng Jiu Ge chuckled: “Firstly, this immortal zombie, Sha Huang, was able to enter the Zombie Alliance, it proves that he is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal. Even if he is not born here, he definitely ascended into an immortal here. Since he disguised himself, that means that his true identity cannot be known to others. Finally, he has a huge force or some great expert backing him up. This force might be the one which caused the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 “Lord Jiu Ge makes much sense.” Towards Feng Jiu Ge’s deduction, the other three immortals nodded in agreement.


 “What should our actions be next?”


 Feng Jiu Ge thought for a while before saying: “We will meet up with Old Oracle’s group and tell the new information to them, allowing them to do further deductions.”


 ...


 Snowy Mountain blessed land, first peak.


 “What? Soft jade sand hasn’t been fully collected yet?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu looked at the list as he questioned unhappily.


 The person he was questioning was the owner of the fourth peak of Snowy Mountain, Li Peng Wang.


 Li Peng Wang, who had a fierce reputation and rebellious nature, lowered his head, saying politely: “Old Ancestor, please appease your anger, I met with a group of sky chief beasts, I had to stop my collection. If I go to white heaven again, I will definitely succeed.”


 “Mm, go ahead and prepare. I am not targeting you, but this is the first round of immortal material collection, and you already had such a problem. How will you prove yourself and remain as the fourth peak’s owner? I raised you to this spot personally, with this poor performance, what will the other peak heads think of me?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu said a few more sentences before waving his sleeves, asking Li Peng Wang who was apologizing to leave.


 “Li Peng Wang had bad luck, he was attacked by a sky chief beast group. He was heavily injured, but he still brought back a portion of the soft jade sand, it was already not easy.” After Li Peng Wang left, a female immortal walked out from the hall behind.


 In the entirety of Snowy Mountain blessed land, only this female immortal could speak to Old Ancestor Xue Hu with such a tone.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu looked over at the female immortal, his expression became more gentle: “Wife, you do not know the crucial information in this, thus you think I am overly harsh on the peak heads. I searched Ma Hong Yun’s soul, I know all of this lad’s history. Fortune rivalling heaven Gu’s power is truly fearsome. Do you think Li Peng Wang’s encounter was coincidental? That is not the case. Not just him, the other peak heads also faced difficulty when collecting the materials. All this is due to Fortune Rivalling Heaven affecting us secretly. Any acts that would harm its owner would cause a backlash from Fortune Rivalling Heaven, suppressing our luck.”


 “There is such a thing?” The female immortal, Lady Wan Shou, asked.


 “According to the theory of luck, us Gu Immortals have extraordinary luck that protects us. But Fortune Rivalling Heaven is the emperor of luck, thus, we are still affected by it. The longer this drags on, the more uncertainties would occur. In the end, not only would the Gu refinement fail, we might even attract a huge disaster.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu explained slowly.


 As the owner of the second peak, Lady Wan Shou understood now, she thought about it before frowning: “If that is the case, wouldn’t it be a huge obstacle when I refine Gu?”


 Lady Wan Shou was one of the four most famous refinement path Gu Immortals in Northern Plains, according to Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s plan, she was supposed to use Ma Hong Yun as the main material and refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu at the end.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu nodded: “That is why this time, not only do we need to prepare several sets of Gu refinement immortal materials, we also need to use other luck path Immortal Gu to protect our luck. Thankfully, Ma Hong Yun is the main material, we saved a lot of immortal materials compared to refining Fortune Rivalling Heaven from scratch.”


 “Even so, we prepared way too many immortal materials, we are almost going to exceed Snowy Mountain’s capability. This refinement is way too important, we almost used up all of our life savings.” Lady Wan Shou frowned as she said.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed, holding her waist, he consoled: “Wife, you’re afraid that the refinement will fail?”


 Lady Wan Shou nodded, looking at her husband: “Even a refinement path great grandmaster could fail, let alone me?”


 “Hahaha, just go ahead and refine it, wife, whether it succeeds or fails, I will accept the result without any hatred or anger. I have already used up all of my potential to reach this level, I have no confidence in my future calamities and tribulations. Fortune rivalling heaven Gu is my hope of breaking this situation, oh, hopefully, it will succeed in time.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu said as he sighed.


 ...


 “Fang Yuan, go and carry that box of goods.” The caravan steward pointed at a box, shouting loudly.


 “Yes.” Fang Yuan replied, climbing onto a black skin fat beetle as he moved that wooden box from the very top.


 “This lad actually has strength path cultivation, I totally missed it.” Seeing Fang Yuan completing his mission easily, the caravan steward’s eyes shined with a cold light: “No, I already promised second young master, I cannot fail!”


 Thinking so, the caravan steward raised his whip and lashed at Fang Yuan’s back.


 With a loud cracking sound.


 Fang Yuan’s shirt was torn open, a deep whip scar was imprinted on Fang Yuan’s back.


 The intense pain assaulted his heart, Fang Yuan fell on the ground and shivered as blood quickly oozed out of his wound.


 In his previous life, in the caravan, because he rejected a certain young master’s recruitment, he was heavily suppressed and humiliated, the memories were surfacing again.


 A sense of rage rose deep within Fang Yuan, but he quickly suppressed it.


 “Why are you wasting time, move quickly!” The caravan steward was simply finding trouble with him, he scolded Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had rank three cultivation level, but he did not use it.


 After all, with enough power, he would have killing intent, that was the dream realm’s trap, luring him to attack so that his rage could be drawn out.


 After enduring for a day, facing difficulties from the steward, Fang Yuan went into the tent and refined his dream path mortal Gu.


 “Five scenes had passed in this dream realm, I am going to succeed.” Fang Yuan looked at the Gu worm that was forming, feeling pleased.


 But during the night, just as he was refining the Gu, a group of beasts charged into the caravan’s camp, even with Fang Yuan’s defensive methods, he could not defend himself from the assault of the beast group, he ended in failure.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, leaving the dream realm, he was still in Dang Hun palace.


 Checking his immortal aperture, he found a message from Fairy Li Shan.


 It explained her current circumstances, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had ordered all of the peak heads to collect immortal materials. Fairy Li Shan had left Snowy Mountain blessed land and it was not safe to leave Hei Lou Lan alone. Thus, Fairy Li Shan urged Fang Yuan to hurry up, and she also told him about the situation in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, someone was investigating Sha Huang’s identity.


 “They have investigated to this extent already?” In the dim room, Fang Yuan frowned and sighed faintly.



***
Chapter 773 - Saving Hei Lou Lan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Originally, when Fang Yuan joined the auction, he had expected that there would be many clues left behind, it would give others many important clues to investigate.


 But the other party’s investigation was faster than Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 But compared to his gains, this was an inconsequential cost.


 Fang Yuan quickly focused his mind, using the dream realm mortal Gu in his mind to enter the dream realm again.


 Ever since he refined the first dream realm mortal Gu, because he had an advantage of using dream path Gu, his dream realm exploration became easier, and his efficiency became higher.


 Dream realms were deep, traps were everywhere. Because of Fang Yuan’s experience from his previous life, he avoided most of the dangers, in his first ten dream realm trips, he could refine three dream realm mortal Gu.


 But as the number of dream path mortal Gu increased, his success rate rose from thirty percent to fifty percent.


 Fifty percent success rate was one of the highest in the present-day five regions. Because dream realms had just started manifesting, although most of the forces had some gains, they were starting from scratch, exploring step by step.


 Like this, he refined Gu endlessly without any rest, half a month later in Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan finally succeeded in refining enough dream path mortal Gu. Using these dream path mortal Gu, he used unravel mystery Immortal Gu as the core, managing to form an immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 With this trump card, Fang Yuan immediately informed Fairy Li Shan.


 Fairy Li Shan was out for the moment, collecting immortal materials for Old Ancestor Xue Hu. When she heard Fang Yuan’s news, she stopped her work, disregarding Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s chastisement, and returned to the third peak.


 After seeing Fang Yuan, Fairy Li Shan did not continue to hide that secret, she told him about it.


 Before Su Xian Er died, she had left behind a familial emotion with her daughter, Hei Lou Lan. Precisely because of this familial emotion, Hei Lou Lan could use Su Xian Er’s green grape immortal essence. This allowed Hei Lou Lan to use Immortal Gu in Imperial Court blessed land when she was a mortal.


 When Fang Yuan heard this secret, he was not surprised.


 In truth, he had made many guesses towards the cause of Hei Lou Lan’s ability to use Immortal Gu as a mortal.


 Right now, his guess was confirmed, it was not out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Even so, Fang Yuan still frowned: “This is bad! One should not be influenced by their emotions in a dream realm, otherwise they will sink deeper into it. With this familial emotion’s influence, my immortal killer move’s power will be greatly reduced!”


 “What do we do?” Fairy Li Shan’s expression changed, her worry was oozing on her face.


 She was not worried about Fang Yuan lying to her, because of the Snowy Mountain Alliance, both sides could not lie to each other.


 Fang Yuan did not lie, the killer move unravel dream had limited power. Right now, with her being deeper in dream realm, unravel dream killer move’s power became more limited.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim: “Right now, we can only give it a try. Sigh, I had seventy to eighty percent confidence earlier, but now I only have twenty to thirty percent. All in all, this was too short of a time period, I have limited dream path mortal Gu.”


 “Twenty to thirty percent... what if you fail?” Fairy Li Shan immediately asked.


 “If I fail, my soul will take major damage. But Hei Lou Lan is the owner of the dream, she will still be deep in her dream without any damage. But there is a benefit, once I use unravel dream, the dream realm will weaken, towards Hei Lou Lan, this is a good thing without a drawback.” Fang Yuan spoke the truth.


 “That’s good...” Fairy Li Shan let out a breath of cloudy air, relieved. But suddenly, she realized her words were inappropriate, she turned to look at Fang Yuan apologetically, lost for words.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, stopping Fairy Li Shan from speaking: “Say no more, fairy, I am not a petty person. The situation is urgent now, our identities are being searched. To prevent any issues from arising further, saving Hei Lou Lan is a top priority. Even if I fail, once I weaken the dream realm, it will help for the next time I enter it. Alright, enough talk, will you guard my surroundings?”


 “That is only natural.” Fairy Li Shan thanked him courteously.


 Next, Fang Yuan sat beside Hei Lou Lan who was lying in her bed, activating the dream path mortal Gu in his mind.


 These mortal Gu were in his mind, arranging themselves into a mystical Gu formation.


 As they activated one by one, the Gu formation started.


 At the last step, Fang Yuan used his green grape immortal essence and activated unravel mystery Immortal Gu.


 Unravel mystery Immortal Gu gave off a bright light in his immortal aperture.


 The light rushed up into his brain, after being converted by the dream path Gu formation, it turned into a green-purple light.


 Fang Yuan opened his blood red eyes, as a green-purple light flickered in his pupils.


 Immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 A loud sound rang out in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 The scenery in front of him changed drastically, Fang Yuan was still sitting on the ground, but he was not in Fairy Li Shan’s secret room, but in a hall instead.


 “I am inside Hei Lou Lan’s dream realm.” Fang Yuan’s body shook slightly, he had an understanding deep within himself, he diverted his gaze and looked around.


 A banquet was being held in the hall.


 The higher-ups of Su tribe were hosting a young Gu Master enthusiastically.


 Su tribe leader raised his cup, laughing loudly: “Young master Hei Cheng, a toast to you.”


 Hei Cheng was sitting at the front of the left row, he raised his cup with both hands: “Thank you, Su tribe leader.”


 Saying this, he raised his head and gulped the drink in one mouthful.


 The rank three elders around him were cheering at Hei Cheng for having such a candid attitude.


 Hei Cheng cupped his fists, his tone carried the aura of pride that a young genius was meant to have.


 Fang Yuan saw this and had a thought in his mind.


 Looking at himself, he was an elder of Su tribe in this dream realm. His aperture was full of wood path mortal Gu, there was quite a number. Fang Yuan just need one look to know that he was a rank three wood path healing Gu Master.


 Fang Yuan frowned, wood path was not his specialty, even more so a healing Gu Master.


 He sighed mentally, consoling himself: “This is not my own dream realm, as an outsider, having rank three cultivation level is already quite good. But I wonder where Hei Lou Lan is?”


 Just as he was thinking that, a female came out of the back of the hall, wearing an attendant’s attire, she resembled Hei Lou Lan and had an incredibly beautiful appearance. But she was less dominating and more gentle, her aura was quite different from Hei Lou Lan.


 “It is Su Xian Er.” Fang Yuan thought, recognizing this woman.


 Su tribe leader’s cup was empty, Su Xian Er carried the wine and was about to pour it, but Su tribe leader chided her instead: “You must be blind, go pour wine for our Su tribe’s esteemed guest!”


 Su Xian Er replied meekly, walking over to Hei Cheng’s table.


 Hei Cheng’s gaze was shining, he looked at Su Xian Er’s face, only until she finished pouring the wine did he jolt to awareness.


 Looking at Su Xian Er’s retreating back, he stood up and asked: “May I know your name miss?”


 Su Xian Er turned around, bowing as he lowered her head, replying softly: “My name is Su Xian Er.”


 “Su Xian Er... Xian Er...” Hei Cheng muttered, he only sat down after Su Xian Er entered the hall and left his vision.


 “Hahaha.” Su tribe leader saw all of this, he laughed: “Xian Er is a girl I brought back from the battlefield many years ago. My wife had been raising her all these years, watching her grow up, even though she has the status of an attendant, we treat her like our own daughter.”


 “Is that so.” Hei Cheng muttered, he continued feasting, but the food felt flavorless.


 After the banquet ended, Hei Cheng was given a high class guest room to stay in.


 Su tribe leader gathered the elders, discussing about the plan to kill Hei Cheng in the secret room.


 “Tribe leader, are we really striking? They are Hei tribe, a super force that has Gu Immortals.” An elder was worried.


 Su tribe leader’s expression turned sharp: “So what if they are Hei tribe? Once this deal is done, our entire tribe will move to Snowy Mountain blessed land to live. By then, there will not be the Imperial Court contest or the ten year blizzard. Hei tribe is a super force, but Snowy Mountain blessed land is the headquarters of the demonic path!”


 The elders were all fantasizing from these words, Su tribe leader looked around and saw everyone’s hesitant expressions, he said harshly: “At this final moment, why are you hesitating? Even if we do nothing, or even snitch to Hei tribe, what can we do? If we offend Snowy Mountain, they will not let us off! Do not forget that our entire Su tribe’s lives were saved by that fairy. If that fairy could save us so easily, she could also slaughter us all without difficulty!”


 Being shocked by these words, the secret room became chilly, the elders saw this fact and finally faced reality.


 “Tribe leader is right! We had already made that Hei Cheng lad drunk, I will strike now and take his head!” The battle hall elder shouted.


 “It will not be easy to kill Hei Cheng, don’t think that he is alone, there are hidden experts in the background protecting him. Hei tribe is a super force, while Hei Cheng has great talent, he will have no less than five people guarding him.” Su tribe leader spoke about the information he had.


 Fang Yuan was among them, he understood what to say when he heard this: “Then we will execute the orders of lord tribe leader!”


 “Yes, lord tribe leader, go ahead and give the orders!” The elders were enthusiastic.


 “Alright!” The tribe leader was overjoyed, giving out orders straight away. He had obviously thought this over, he almost said them out of reflex immediately.


 Because Fang Yuan was the medicine hall elder and was a healing Gu Master, he had weak offense and defense, he was ordered to deal with the strongest enemies by supporting two other Gu Masters.


 The moment he left the secret room, the dream realm changed again, entering the second scene.


 The night had a bright moon and strong, howling winds.


 A rank three Hei tribe Gu Master stood arrogantly, looking at the surrounding people with much anger: “Your Su tribe is really daring, you dare to attack young master Hei Cheng of our tribe!”


 “Don’t waste time speaking with him!”


 “Kill him first, then go and help the others.”


 The two Su tribe elders were acting as offense and defense respectively, charging towards the Hei tribe Gu Master, only Fang Yuan was left behind to back them up.


 “I have not discovered Hei Lou Lan yet, it seems she is not here. Judging by this scene, I can only enter the third scene after killing the Gu Master here.” Fang Yuan thought about it as he activated his wood path Gu worms, healing the Gu Masters on his side.


 Initially, the Hei tribe Gu Master was strong and had the upper hand. But after an intense battle, because of Fang Yuan’s healing, the two sides mutually sustained injuries and entered a deadlock.


 Suddenly, the Hei tribe Gu Master shouted angrily, charging out while injured and attacking Fang Yuan.


 “Oh no, stop him!”


 “Medicine hall elder, dodge!”


 The two Su tribe Gu Masters were shocked and furious, they lost their bearings.



***
Chapter 774 - Unravel Dream Succeeds


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Dream realms were dangerous.


 In dream realms, every time one got injured, their soul would suffer great damage.


 If their soul injuries were severe, they would feel sluggish, they would feel irritation within themselves, their emotions would be drawn out more easily, thus sinking deeper into the dream and be unable to free themselves.


 Seeing that the Hei tribe Gu Master was attacking, Su tribe’s two Gu Masters’ hearts sank.


 The Hei tribe Gu Master had strong fighting strength, even with them joining forces, they could only fight with him evenly. As the medicine hall elder, Fang Yuan’s strength was not high. The two Su tribe Gu Masters could only hope that Fang Yuan could last long enough until they could reinforce him.


 But the Hei tribe Gu Master had been plotting this for a while, even if he had to risk an injury, he wanted to kill the healing Gu Master, he certainly had a strong offensive method left.


 “Quickly dodge it!”


 “Persevere for a few breaths, we are coming!”


 The Hei tribe Gu Master quickly shortened the distance between him and Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan remained unmoved, causing the two Su tribe Gu Masters to feel anxious.


 Fang Yuan was not scared at all, he laughed coldly.


 He dared to enter Hei Lou Lan’s dream realm not because he was rash, but because he had prepared his trump card.


 This trump card was the immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 “Unravel.” Fang Yuan stretched out his right hand, his palm facing the Hei tribe Gu Master.


 At the same time, his eyes flashed with a green-purple light.


 Hei tribe Gu Master’s eyes shined with intense despair, amidst his anger and shock, his body faded and his speed became slower, when he was a few steps away from Fang Yuan, he vanished into thin air.


 “What, what method is this?” The two Su tribe Gu Masters behind him were staring with shocked expressions.


 “A killer move that I thought of, it is nothing important.” Fang Yuan lowered his right arm, making a random excuse.


 “Nothing important!” One of the two Gu Masters stared with wide opened eyes, Fang Yuan seemed like a desolate beast in his eyes.


 “Killing him in one move, had we known this, why would we fight to the death?” Another Gu Master sighed, he had a complex tone, it was a joyful yet begrudged tone.


 “Alright, let’s move quickly, go and reinforce the others. The most important matter now is to kill Hei Cheng.” Fang Yuan reminded.


 Su tribe’s two Gu Masters nodded, now was not the time to talk about Fang Yuan’s killer move, the three quickly moved and went to the deeper parts of the grassland.


 Fang Yuan followed the two Gu Masters of Su tribe, sprinting as the scene changed again.


 The night was dark, the sky had no moon, only several stars were shining.


 Fang Yuan and Su tribe leader, all four people, charged towards the direction of Hei Cheng.


 “I see him, after flipping over that mountain, we can reach Hei Cheng.” In their rush, an elder used his investigative Gu worm as he spoke.


 “I said long ago, he was hit by my tracking Gu, no matter where he does, he will not be able to run away.” Battle hall elder said proudly.


 “Academy elder died in battle, we must take revenge for her.”


 “Since it is a battle, there will be wins, losses, life and death. Academy elder sacrificed herself for us, she will definitely be praised. On the other hand, Su Xian Er betrayed our tribe, helping that Hei Cheng lad escape, this is an unforgivable crime!”


 Saying this, Su tribe leader’s expression was dark: “Even though Su Xian Er is my goddaughter, in the name of justice, I cannot be selfish. When we capture her, we will punish her according to the tribe rules!”


 Hearing this, the other elders let out a sigh of relief, they said: “Tribe leader is wise.”


 “Wise? Hehehe.” A cold laugh came from the mound behind everyone.


 “Who is it?” Everyone stopped in their tracks.


 A figure slowly appeared on the mound.


 Su tribe leader and the others’ hearts sank, it was an enemy. With just this hiding ability, it was incredible, if they did not show up intentionally, with just their investigative methods, they would not discover them.


 The question was, did they use a Gu worm or a killer move?


 “To think that there was still an expert like you protecting Hei Cheng!” Su tribe leader tried to stall for time, as several elders moved out, ascending up the mound in an encircling formation.


 The mysterious Gu Master looked around, but did not move, remaining at the same spot.


 Suddenly, the battle on the mound erupted.


 Two other mysterious Gu Masters ambushed Su tribe’s Gu Masters, striking ruthlessly and viciously. In one move, they heavily injured one, while lightly injuring the other.


 The Su tribe Gu Master who was heavily injured retreated quickly, while the lightly injured one was still fighting partway up the mound.


 “There was a helper!” Su tribe leader’s heart jumped when he saw this, having a bad feeling in his heart.


 The three Gu Masters who suddenly appeared were experts, they had above average battle strength. They probably made many arrangements when they ambushed at this location, it would be difficult to break through their obstruction and catch up to Hei Cheng!


 “Hei Lou Lan!” Fang Yuan, as the healing Gu Master, was behind Su tribe leader, his eyes shined when he saw the Gu Master partway up the mound.


 The appearance of Hei Lou Lan’s body was the one she had when she was Hei tribe leader, she had broad shoulders and a thick waist, she was rough and fierce.


 At this moment, she was fighting with the lightly injured Su tribe leader, they were engaged in fierce battle, her great battle strength was beating the opponent back.


 She was not like Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was an outsider in this dream realm. There was no identity allocated to him in the dream originally, thus, when he entered the dream, he needed to take the place of another character.


 But Hei Lou Lan was the owner of the dream, as the dream owner, she was part of the dream realm’s creation. As for her appearance, this was how Hei Lou Lan saw herself in the depths of her heart.


 “Hei Lou Lan, it’s me, Fang Yuan!” Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he shouted and went past Su tribe leader, running towards Hei Lou Lan.


 “Medicine hall elder!” Su tribe leader shouted in shock.


 Fang Yuan did not care about him, he rapidly ascended the mound.


 “Scoundrel, so you are an imposter. No wonder you had such a strong killer move!” A Su tribe Gu Master who was in the second scene with Fang Yuan exposed his identity.


 “Fang Yuan?” Hei Lou Lan heard this name and her expression was dazed, but ruthless light shined in her eyes soon afterwards: “All of you, scram!”


 Saying this, she waved her hand and shot a dark vortex killer move at Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, the other two mysterious Gu Masters also charged at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, saying: “Unravel dream!”


 Green-purple light shined in his body, be it the dark vortex or the two Gu Masters, they vanished into thin air within a few breaths of time.


 “What killer move is this?!” Seeing this, all of the remaining Gu Masters stared with wide opened eyes.


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze shined, she was very wary of Fang Yuan.


 She suddenly retreated, leaving this small mound.


 “Hei Lou Lan!” Fang Yuan shouted helplessly, chasing after her.


 Hei Lou Lan was the dream owner, since she was dreaming now, unravel dream could not affect her.


 “Chase! We must kill Hei Cheng!!” Su tribe leader and the others gritted their teeth, they had no other way now, they had to follow.


 Hei Cheng seemed to be injured, he was moving slowly not far away. Beside him, Su Xian Er was holding onto him, limping forward at a slow speed.


 Fang Yuan saw this and his heart jumped — this seemed like a trap!


 Hei Lou Lan quickly met up with Hei Cheng and Su Xian Er.


 “Strong warrior, please leave with young master, I will hold them off.” Su Xian Er did not recognize Hei Lou Lan, she shouted anxiously.


 “You are a mere mortal woman, you have no Gu Master cultivation, how can you block these Gu Masters? Now that you have betrayed your tribe, you are dead meat!” Hei Lou Lan had a complex expression when she looked at Su Xian Er.


 “It is too late, strong warrior, quickly leave!” As Fang Yuan got closer, Su Xian Er shouted as she turned back.


 Hei Lou Lan sighed, she stretched out her palm and slammed at Hei Cheng’s head.


 With a loud smash, Hei Cheng’s head broke apart like a watermelon, the brain matter flew everywhere.


 Seeing this, everyone was shocked.


 Hei Lou Lan raised her head, shouting: “Hei Cheng, I finally killed you with my own hands! Nobody can stop me from taking your life! Hahahaha!”


 “Oh no!” Hearing Hei Lou Lan’s shout, Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 At once, the dream realm’s scene changed.


 In the hall, among the toasting of wine cups, Su tribe leader and Hei Cheng were drinking together, it was a lively atmosphere.


 Su tribe leader raised his cup, laughing loudly: “Young master Hei Cheng, a toast to you.”


 Hei Cheng was sitting at the front of the left row, he raised his cup with both hands: “Thank you, Su tribe leader.”


 “This is a recurring dream, the three scenes are looping non-stop.” Fang Yuan looked around, and inspected himself again.


 He found that he was no longer that medicine hall elder, he was a rank two metal path Gu Master guard. He was standing at the door of the hall, guarding the door.


 “As expected, from rank three to rank two peak stage, my strength fell.” Fang Yuan’s was bitter inside: “This is bad, Hei Lou Lan has sunk into the dream, she had no reaction even after hearing my name. The more dream realm cycles that occur, the deeper we will sink into the dream. This dream had already pulled out Hei Lou Lan’s killing intent and hatred towards her father. The more Hei Lou Lan wants to take revenge, the deeper she will sink into the dream realm. How can I wake her up?”


 For a while, even Fang Yuan had no idea.


 Seven days and seven nights later, in Snowy Mountain blessed land time.


 Hei Lou Lan, who was lying on the bed, opened her eyes with a shift in her aura. Her lost gaze became clearer, looking at the eight armed immortal beside her bed, she understood in her heart: “So it was a dream realm, I was saved by Fang Yuan.”


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes forcefully, his aura was weak and his soul had suffered a huge blow, his mind was extremely drained.


 After dozens of rounds in Hei Lou Lan’s dream realm, using the killer move unravel dream, he accumulated experience and failed repeatedly. After many attempts, Fang Yuan killed Hei Cheng before Hei Lou Lan could, ruining her goal.


 But the dream realm did not dissipate, Hei Lou Lan’s hatred was not resolved, the dream realm changed again.


 Only until the seventeenth change, Fang Yuan roused Hei Lou Lan’s consciousness, and she realized she was dreaming.


 When Hei Lou Lan understood this, Fang Yuan gained the initiative.


 After eight more rounds, the two finally overcame the difficulties, breaking the dream realm and escaping.


 “I am going back now, as for the compensation, Fairy Li Shan will explain it to you.” Fang Yuan’s soul was heavily injured, he did not dare to stay for long, even when he used Fixed Immortal Travel, it was with much difficulty.


 “Compensation?” Hei Lou Lan was about to thank him, but when she heard these words, an ominous feeling rose in her heart.



***
Chapter 775 - Dream Path Pioneer


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert.


 “Guh—!” Gu Immortal Tang Miao’s body shook, she opened her eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood.


 “Another failure.” Tang Miao’s expression was pale as paper, compared to the injuries on her body, she felt even more despair towards the failure in exploring the dream realm.


 Tang Miao’s soul was heavily injured, her head was spinning as her body felt heavy, she sighed in her heart: “Brother, I was useless and could not save you! Even after exploring the dream realm deeply, I could not find you.”


 She shut her eyes, bitter tears flowed down her cheeks, forming two streams of tears.


 A moment later, the anxious Tang clan Gu Immortals rushed over, coming to the secret room and standing in front of Tang Miao.


 Tang clan’s first supreme elder, Tang Yang, frowned, he looked at Tang Miao who was sitting on the bed as he said heavily: “I did not think that after spending so much effort to borrow the rank seven emotion Gu from Xiao tribe, the dream realm exploration still suffered a heavy loss.”


 “Sigh, dream realms in themselves are mystical and strange, moreover, this is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s dream realm.” Gu Immortal Tang Lan sighed.


 The Prophecy of Three Venerables had spread throughout the world, the information regarding Great Dream Immortal Venerable was known to not just Central Continent, but the super forces of the other four regions as well, most of them were exploring dream realms, accumulating experience and developing new Gu worms.


 As a super force of Western Desert, Tang clan had accidentally discovered Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s dream realm many years ago.


 This discovery triggered the enthusiasm of Tang clan in researching dream path.


 In order to explore this dream realm, Tang clan’s number one genius Gu Immortal, Tang Fang Ming, had taken this important mission from the clan, but he suffered a great loss and was still lost in the dream realm now.


 His sister, Tang Miao, in order to save her brother, had tried many times but failed repeatedly.


 This loss was even more severe.


 In order to explore the dream realm this time, Tang clan spent a huge sum to borrow the emotion path Immortal Gu and entrusted hope in her. The result was ice cold disappointment.


 “Although the Immortal Gu was useful and could suppress my emotions, preventing the dream realm from drawing them out, this also made me an outsider. I was always in the outskirts of the dream’s core, this time, I did not even manage to discover brother’s identity.” As she sat on the bed, Tang Miao tended to her injuries as she said solemnly.


 “Sigh, it seems that dream path Gu worms are needed to explore dream realms. But our Tang clan has already explored the dream realm for sixty years, we have only created over a dozen dream realm mortal Gu, they are all rank three and below. More than half of them have extremely limited use. More specifically, only four or five are suited for dream realm exploration.”


 The hardest part was the start, especially at this initial stage, it was extremely difficult. The pioneers were moving forward without certainty, every small step was a huge success.


 Regarding dream path, nobody had any experience, their knowledge was like sheets of blank paper. Once they passed this difficult initial step, and accumulated enough experience, their advantage would become larger, like a rolling snowball.


 Towards the middle to late stage, their advantage would be clear, the difficulty of researching dream path would be greatly reduced. In Fang Yuan’s memories, there was a time when a new dream path Gu worm was created every day, the varieties were as numerous as the stars in the sky. That was a time when dream path was flourishing like flowers in spring.


 In human history, each of these grand eras would lead to the birth of a supreme expert.


 According to the Prophecy of Three Venerables, this grand expert should be Great Dream Immortal Venerable. But Fang Yuan did not live until Great Dream Immortal Venerable appeared.


 Speaking of which, at this initial stage, Tang clan was already at the lead of the era. Even when compared to the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, their progress was among the highest.


 But the limitations of this era greatly restricted them. It was like a blind man walking down a path, without any clues, they could only explore step by step, after endless effort was spent, they only had a small result — over a dozen dream path mortal Gu.


 And among these results, the truly useful dream path mortal Gu were extremely few.


 For example, on Earth, a newly created experimental product would be very far from military usage, and even further from civilian use.


 Moreover, this innovation and exploration was not possible for every Gu Immortal — one needed talent and aptitude.


 In this aspect, Gu Immortals who only followed certain rules were useless, without a creative mind, they were inferior to even mortal Gu Masters.


 Tang clan had many Gu Immortals, but only Tang Fang Ming was suited for this. These dozen or so dream path mortal Gu were mostly his creation. One could say that he was the main force behind Tang clan’s dream realm exploration.


 The regretful thing was, Tang Fang Ming was trapped in the dream realm now. Because of this, Tang clan’s progress had come to a halt.


 Tang Fang Ming’s body was intact, the clan’s Gu Immortals were protecting it. But his soul that was in the dream realm had already left his body, it had vanished. Once one was trapped in the dream realm, their soul would weaken continuously, weakening until they died.


 The Tang clan Gu Immortals, especially Tang Miao, were extremely anxious, but there was nothing they could do.


 “How is my brother now?” After stabilizing her injuries, Tang Miao asked.


 The supreme elders looked at each other, one of them spoke with much difficulty: “We can protect his body, but there are almost no guts Gu in the market. We... can’t buy them any longer.”


 Tang Miao frowned, asking anxiously: “What is going on?”


 The Gu Immortal from earlier replied: “You know that there is only one person selling guts Gu, it is a monopoly. But not long ago, this seller stopped releasing the product into the market for an unknown reason. Even though there are still guts Gu in the market, without the source supplier, it is drying out. Right now, the market cannot satisfy our demands.”


 Guts Gu was among the best methods to strengthen the soul, and had no drawbacks, and most importantly it took effectiveness quickly.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had once commented, this was the number one soul strengthening method in the world, he was absolutely right.


 For Tang Fang Ming, guts Gu was the method to save his life.


 “Without guts Gu, brother will...” Tang Miao was anxious, her tone was flustered as she said with a shred of hope, asking: “Why are they not selling it? Is there so little circulation in the market?”


 This time, Tang clan first supreme elder spoke: “We had contacted the seller and promised huge profits, but there was no response. These last days, the guts Gu that are preserving Tang Fang Ming’s life are the remaining guts Gu in the market that our tribe is purchasing with a huge sum. By now, the guts Gu supply has dried out, barely any is left.”


 Tang Miao heard this and her heart sank to rock bottom, her breathing became rough.


 Tang clan had ordinary soul strengthening methods. Earlier, before guts Gu were sold in treasure yellow heaven, they used these methods to preserve Tang Fang Ming’s life.


 But now, Tang Fang Ming was too deep in the dream, his soul was weakening too quickly, these methods were becoming useless, the recovery could not keep up with his weakening.


 Without guts Gu, Tang Fang Ming would die in his dream.


 What could they do?


 Tang Miao gritted her teeth, she frowned as she stared at these Gu Immortals deeply: “I don’t care! If you guys didn’t give brother that mission back then, he would not be like this. Now that he is this state, are you going to just watch?”


 “You can’t say that, what do you mean just watch? These years, we in Tang clan had spent so much effort and finances to preserve Tang Fang Ming’s life, you are also one of us, you saw everything for yourself...” Third supreme elder retorted. He listed many examples, they were not false, he had the evidence and proof of their actions.


 “I don’t care!” Tang Miao’s eyebrows were in a frown, her indigo color eyes were gathering rage, even though the surface was calm, it was deep like an abyss.


 “Third supreme elder, say no more.” First supreme elder stretched out his hand and stopped him.


 Third supreme elder stopped speaking, as first supreme elder sighed deeply while gazing at Tang Miao, who was extremely furious and stubborn.


 Tang Fang Ming and Tang Miao had a close sibling relationship, all of the Tang clan Gu Immortals knew this.


 This pair of siblings were once stripped of their statuses and mercilessly abandoned when they were young. The siblings went through much hardship and survived, due to a fortuitous encounter, the brother, Tang Fang Ming, became a Gu Immortal, while his sister, Tang Miao, became a rank five peak stage Gu Master.


 The two charged back to Tang clan to take revenge.


 The Tang clan Gu Immortals appeared and mediated with Tang Fang Ming. Eventually, they sacrificed a band of mortal higher-ups and managed to obtain the return of Tang Fang Ming.


 Compared to a Gu Immortal, even if the sacrifice was a huge number of mortals, what was that worth?


 Tang Fang Ming understood the situation, he joined Tang clan and used the clan’s help to make his sister, Tang Miao, a Gu Immortal.


 But Tang Miao was not as big hearted as her brother, she still had negative preconceptions against Tang clan, she had hidden resentment and indignation.


 Right now, when her brother’s life was at stake, any sort of explanation was useless to her.


 Thus, first supreme elder said to Tang Miao with a sorrowful expression: “I discussed this with the elders for three days and three nights, there are only three ways to help Fang Ming now.”


 “What three ways?” Tang Miao’s expression softened, she immediately asked.


 “The best method is to find an ancient soul beast and kill it. By fusing its soul into Fang Ming’s body, we can use killer moves to nourish his soul with that soul, allowing Fang Ming to survive this ordeal.”


 “The second best method is to use the blood path Immortal Gu in the clan to use a method of sensing, forcibly retrieving Fang Ming’s soul.”


 “As for the worst method, it is to find that lone cultivator, White Sea Shatuo, for help.”


 After first supreme elder finished his words, the bitter expression on his face intensified.


 Tang Miao listened and fell into deep silence.


 After a while, she laughed grimly, raising her head and sending them out: “I need to think about this, elders, please go back first.”


 As the Gu Immortals left one by one, only Tang Miao was left.


 She laughed again, tears falling from her eyes, they were showing a cold, mocking expression.


 “What best method? Once we use it, even if we succeed, the souls would fuse and you will be neither man nor beast. As for the second method, the chances of success are less than thirty percent, even if we do not fail, the soul called back would be greatly damaged, you might not even recognize me, your own sister. As for the last solution, there is some hope in that! Although that White Sea Shatuo is a lone cultivator, he has incredible dream path proficiency, even brother praised him many times in private. But to ask him for help, we will have to pay a huge price. These old fogies are saying that only because they are concerned about the Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable inheritance that us siblings have in our hands! Indeed, only this inheritance can move White Sea Shatuo.”


 Thinking of this, Tang Miao wiped the tears on her face.


 “Brother, I will not give up, even if I have to sacrifice this inheritance, I will save you.”


 Tang Miao sat on her bed, even in the dim lighting, she still had the beauty of a flower.



***
Chapter 776 - Current Situation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun palace.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes slowly, his red eyes shining with a ruthless light.


 Inspecting his own body, Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction, he could not help but praise: “I’ve used it so many times already, these guts Gu are truly the best in strengthening the soul. In Hei Lou Lan’s dream, I suffered such heavy soul injuries, yet I have already recovered in such a short time.”


 He breathed in deeply, his mind was refreshed, his head was no longer as dizzy as the time when he was heavily injured.


 “Land spirit, where are you?” Fang Yuan called out.


 “Master, master, have you recovered from your injuries already?” At the next moment, the lively Little Hu Immortal asked as she appeared before Fang Yuan, her crystal-like eyes were overflowing with intense concern.


 “Mm.” Fang Yuan, who had a green face and sharp fangs, nodded: “Tell me what happened when I was healing my injuries during this time period.”


 Little Hu Immortal shook her head: “There were many things that happened, but none were major matters.”


 A moment later, after Little Hu Immortal reported everything, Fang Yuan remained seated in his bed, not speaking.


 His mind was working intensely as he tried to process the information.


 In Central Continent, Immortal Crane Sect was busy trying to salvage the situation in the reincarnation battlefield, He Feng Yang was still busy trying to save his desolate beast flying crane, Little Nine, moving about all over the region.


 The ten great ancient sects each had their restrictions, they mutually restrained and balanced each other.


 The person currently in the limelight was Myriad Dragon Dock’s Vicious Lightning Fiend. After coming out of his closed cultivation, he used the immortal killer move Lightning Deity and challenged a lot of people. Right now, he had battled more than twenty Gu Immortals, he only had one draw and one loss, with such amazing results, his reputation was soaring. Many meddlesome Gu Immortals were already comparing him with Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.


 These people did not have good intentions, because in accordance with Shi Lei’s nature as a battle maniac, he would find Vicious Lightning Fiend and engage in a huge battle with him.


 But Shi Lei gave no response.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were troubled, why did Immortal Monkey King’s behavior change? Even Combat Immortal Sect had become much quieter recently.


 The other nine sects found something wrong, they tried to investigate secretly.


 Fang Yuan knew long ago — Shi Lei discovered Starry Sky grotto-heaven, and inside the grotto-heaven, there was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm. Right now, they must be attacking the grotto-heaven at full force.


 Thinking of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, Fang Yuan was moved.


 Earlier, he had no methods against it, he could only escape pitifully from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm. But now that he had the immortal killer move unravel dream, this was the supreme weapon to deal with the dream realm!


 “During this period of time, dream path exploration is still in its initial stages. Any super force is still stuck at the stage of starting up, every step is extremely difficult, it is a path filled with thorns. The best methods are naturally dream path Immortal Gu, but the number of these dream path Immortal Gu could probably be counted on one’s hands. Meanwhile, I have a dream path immortal killer move, even without a dream path Immortal Gu, I am far ahead of these forces.”


 Fang Yuan was getting excited.


 Unravel dream was effective in dealing with dream realms. Each time he used it, Fang Yuan gained a huge advantage.


 For example, just earlier, Fang Yuan saved Hei Lou Lan, after unraveling her dream realm, he obtained a lot of Hei Lou Lan’s understanding towards strength path. This added to his strength path foundation, causing it to become more abundant.


 There is always something to learn from someone else, especially when Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, she was a naturally formed strength path immortal seed, her natural talent in strength path was beyond Fang Yuan’s reach.


 A portion of her strength path understanding was fully assimilated by Fang Yuan, allowing him to have great gains.


 “If I can unravel Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, my wisdom path attainment will improve greatly. Even without a complete wisdom path inheritance, I might be able to create my own one.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Hei Lou Lan was only a newly advanced strength path Gu Immortal, but Fang Yuan had great gains after unraveling her dream.


 If he could unravel Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment would shoot up like a rocket!


 “However, to snatch the Immortal Venerable’s dream realm from Combat Immortal Sect is too dangerous, it is nearly impossible.” Fang Yuan shook his head.


 To unravel a dream, he had to be in Starry Sky grotto-heaven, and get close to that Star Constellation dream realm.


 If he did that, he would certainly be discovered.


 Based on his current battle strength, even if it increased, he would not be Shi Lei’s match. Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, compared to the rest of Combat Immortal Sect, were an even greater mismatch.


 “Unless I have Tang clan of Western Desert’s immortal killer move — Steal Dream. I would be able to steal the dream realm directly from the grotto-heaven, moving it elsewhere and slowly dealing with it, devouring it at my own pace.”


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Western Desert’s Tang clan was the super force with the deepest foundation in dream path among the five regions. Originally, Tang clan was not outstanding among the dozen or so super forces in Western Desert, it was at a middle to lower tier.


 But based on the rise of dream path, during the five regions chaotic war, Tang clan became Western Desert’s strongest force, even among the five regions, it was a power that could stand tall, creating what Western Desert people called the ‘Great Era of Tang’.


 Central Continent’s current situation, even though there was slight turbulence, was still peaceful.


 Even though Fang Yuan really desired Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, his battle strength was still much lower than Combat Immortal Sect, he could only watch covetously for now.


 Fortunately, at the moment, dream path was still in its initial stages of exploration, even if Combat Immortal Sect captured Starry Sky grotto-heaven, they would not be able to do anything to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm.


 To make a comparison, this was like a juicy piece of meat, but it was submerged in boiling hot oil, even though Combat Immortal Sect knew that it was delicious, they could only watch for now, they could not eat it yet.


 Compared to Central Continent, Fang Yuan was more concerned about Northern Plains’ situation.


 He had committed a huge crime, it was still being investigated. The other party had great strength and plenty of methods, soon after the auction ended, they discovered Fang Yuan’s identity of Sha Huang, they were not simple, it was giving Fang Yuan huge mental pressure.


 But when hearing Little Hu Immortal’s report, he learned that Northern Plains’ situation was much more calm than Central Continent.


 Almost all of the Gu Immortals who attended the auction were trying to assimilate their gains from it, converting them into their own strength.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu mobilized the number one demonic force in Northern Plains, the full power of Snowy Mountain blessed land, to join in the plan to refine rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, it was well known in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world already.


 As the number one righteous refinement path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, Yao Huang had deepened his collaboration with Zombie Alliance. This collaboration caused Zombie Alliance’s status in Northern Plains to rise up rapidly.


 Qin Bai Sheng vanished without a trace, and Prince Feng Xian, who Fang Yuan was most concerned about, also made no movements.


 This calm situation did not lower Fang Yuan’s unease, he was getting increasingly worried.


 The other party would certainly not let him go, once his identity was exposed, be it Central Continent or Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, they would want to kill Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan and the others.


 Since it involved the huge benefits of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s inheritance, even if Fang Yuan escaped to Eastern Sea or Western Desert, they would definitely pursue him, he would have no peace.


 “The other party is in the dark, I wonder if it is Central Continent or Northern Plains investigating me.” Fang Yuan sighed mentally, in this period of time, he had no solutions, he could only deal with the situation by continuing with his former plans.


 The only consolation was that he had made the right move by allying with Fairy Li Shan.


 With Fairy Li Shan’s information network, Fang Yuan could learn about any changes in Northern Plains’ situation rapidly. With an advantage in information, he could deal with anything that happens.


 “Ultimately, the issue is that I am too weak. If I was a rank eight Gu Immortal, I would be able to protect myself. Even if Giant Sun’s true inheritance was exposed to the world, so what? Oh... that is not right.”


 Fang Yuan thought about the rank nine wisdom Gu and frowned.


 If news that he had wisdom Gu leaked out, even if he was a rank eight, he might have rank eight Gu Immortals attacking him from all sides.


 “No matter what, the urgent matter now is to absorb my gains from the auction, rapidly raising my strength, that is how I can deal with future situations.”


 A few days later, Fang Yuan left the secret room in an unkempt state, but he had a joyous expression.


 He expanded his wings and flew into the sky.


 The large bat wings on his back had reached three pairs. It gave him a strong flying ability, his speed rose rapidly.


 During the auction, he obtained a bat desolate beast’s corpse. Fang Yuan’s killer move, true solid bat wings, had finally been completed.


 Iron Crown Eagle Strength!


 While flying, he suddenly unleashed the iron crown eagle strength.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s speed rose drastically, earlier, he was like a stream of black smoke, but now he was like a flash of lightning. At once, Fang Yuan’s vision became blurry, the intense winds blew at him, like they were sharp daggers.


 The iron crown eagle strength lasted for a short time before his speed fell back to the original level.


 Fang Yuan’s vision cleared, looking back, he had moved three li from his original spot.


 Flying three li in a flash!


 Fang Yuan was pleased, but yet not pleased.


 He was pleased because this speed was really fast, it was on par with some movement immortal killer moves. He was not pleased because the iron crown eagle strength was not controlled at will, he did not know when he could summon it.


 “Unless my second core Gu — all-out effort Gu, is refined all the way up to Immortal Gu level, at that point, I will be able to unleash the iron crown eagle strength at will.” Fang Yuan thought about this and sighed.


 His all-out effort Gu was still at rank four. Fang Yuan had solid finances now, but he did not have the corresponding Gu recipe.


 Not long ago, he had asked Lang Ya land spirit, the answer was partly good and partly worrisome.


 Lang Ya land spirit indeed had all-out effort Gu’s recipes, from rank one to five, he had them all. But Lang Ya land spirit refused to sell Gu recipes.


 Even if Fang Yuan tried his best to convince him, there was no result.


 Fang Yuan intended to use a dream path mortal Gu recipe to trade for it. But Lang Ya land spirit had become more astute, he did not want to trade it for any Gu recipe, he gave Fang Yuan a mission.


 This mission required Fang Yuan to go into immemorial purple heaven, to search for a rank six immortal material, poisonous flowers, and collect their petals.


 Fang Yuan was so busy currently, he had no time for that, with strong foes pressuring him, if he exposed his identity accidentally, he would become a fugitive, the entire world would hunt him down. Fang Yuan did not dare to relax, he was trying his best to raise his battle strength, how could he go search for poisonous flowers?


 Furthermore, immemorial purple heaven was already destroyed. Even the fragment worlds was hard to find. Even if he found one, it was extremely dangerous, desolate beasts and desolate plants were very common. Fang Yuan’s current battle strength was insufficient. If he forced himself into conducting an exploration, it would simply be a difficult and unrewarding task.



***
Chapter 777 - Deadlock


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This matter gave Fang Yuan a reminder.


 Even in regards to land spirits, they were not to be underestimated, they could grow with time, gaining wisdom or experience.


 Ever since Lang Ya land spirit met Fang Yuan, he had suffered minor disadvantages many times, especially in this auction, the four to six profit ratio was a huge loss to Lang Ya land spirit.


 As the saying goes, suffering a loss is a blessing, this was shown in Lang Ya land spirit, he had become more intelligent.


 Lang Ya land spirit thought about it hard, analyzing his relationship with Fang Yuan, he finally recognized their individual strengths and weaknesses, by using Fang Yuan’s weakness in Gu recipes, he could regain the upper hand when working together with Fang Yuan.


 He was, after all, the obsession of Long Hair Ancestor after he died, this time, Fang Yuan’s neck was grasped by Lang Ya land spirit, it was a terrible feeling.


 But Fang Yuan could do nothing to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Small advantages came at a price, Fang Yuan obtained such a profit from selling the Gu Immortal captives in the auction, the backlash was showing up now, his mouth was filled with a bitter taste.


 Landing on the peak of Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan retracted his three pairs of bat wings as he stood on the spot, looking into the distance as he thought.


 “All-out effort Gu is just a small setback, it is not an Immortal Gu recipe anyway, even if I cannot get it, with my strength path attainment and wisdom Gu’s help, I will be able to deduce the mortal Gu recipe. The problem is that it would use a lot of time and energy, at this crucial time, I cannot deduce Gu recipes if I want to raise my battle strength.”


 Actually, even if Fang Yuan had a complete all-out effort Immortal Gu recipe, he had no time to refine it.


 The real problem was regarding Hei Lou Lan.


 The compensation that Fang Yuan asked for after saving her was self strength Immortal Gu.


 After Hei Lou Lan heard about it from Fairy Li Shan, she was so angry she jumped up from her bed. Self strength Immortal Gu was her vital Immortal Gu, it was the most important core in her self strength phantom killer move!


 Fang Yuan asking for this Gu was simply crippling her foundation. Without self strength Immortal Gu, Hei Lou Lan’s battle strength would fall drastically. Not only this, self strength Immortal Gu was the memento that her mother, Su Xian Er, left behind for her, to Hei Lou Lan, it was also a sentimental item that she could not give up.


 But she, Fang Yuan and Fairy Li Shan had the Snowy Mountain Alliance, in order to save Hei Lou Lan earlier, Fairy Li Shan had represented her and signed an agreement with Fang Yuan, she could not go back on it.


 Unless Hei Lou Lan had a heart of stone and ignored Fairy Li Shan’s life, forcefully keeping self strength Immortal Gu. In that situation, there was nothing Fang Yuan could do, after all, the agreement was not signed by Hei Lou Lan herself.


 But how could Hei Lou Lan force herself to endanger Fairy Li Shan?


 Fairy Li Shan was the blood related sister of her mother, Su Xian Er, when Hei Lou Lan was still a mortal, Fairy Li Shan took great care of her. After she became an immortal, Fairy Li Shan nurtured Hei Lou Lan without regard for the cost, treating her like her own child.


 Hei Lou Lan was determined to exact revenge, but at the same time, she felt great gratitude, love, and admiration for this aunt.


 Fang Yuan was using this key point when he formed the agreement with Fairy Li Shan, he was not afraid that she would go back on this.


 Regarding her vital Immortal Gu, Hei Lou Lan did not give up easily.


 Ever since she learned about it, she had tried negotiating with Fang Yuan over ten times, she threatened and screamed, begged and gave softly spoken requests, talked about the benefits and drawbacks, and tried coercing him with the bigger picture, all sorts of methods were used to try and keep her self strength Immortal Gu.


 But would Fang Yuan give in?


 Self strength Immortal Gu was Hei Lou Lan’s most important core, but to Fang Yuan, it was a similar situation.


 Fang Yuan’s trump card was the immortal killer move, myriad self. Self strength Immortal Gu was extremely compatible with it, it was not like Pulling Mountain or Pulling Water, in which they needed him to deduce and modify the killer move.


 Hei Lou Lan refined self strength Immortal Gu during her ascension, when Fang Yuan heard of this, he felt immense regret and pity.


 Immortal Gu were unique, since Hei Lou Lan had this Gu, as her ally, there was no way Fang Yuan could obtain it.


 But the tides of fortune were unpredictable, heaven worked in mysterious ways, Hei Lou Lan wanted to take revenge and did her best to raise her cultivation level, in the end, she fell into a dream realm and gave Fang Yuan a chance.


 Fang Yuan was devious and heartless, he was like a shark that smelled blood, he bit down hard.


 Even if they were allies, so what? His own strength was the most important matter. Others were unreliable, only one’s own self was to be considered the most reliable.


 Fang Yuan had a firm attitude, Hei Lou Lan made many attempts but failed in all of them. In her anger, she purposely stalled the handing over of self strength Immortal Gu and refused to use strength qi Immortal Gu to create the airsac Gu for Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan’s action was very ruthless, this act gave Fang Yuan huge pressure.


 If Hei Lou Lan did not use strength qi Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would have no airsac Gu. Without airsac Gu, he could not sell guts Gu.


 Earlier, in order to heal himself, Fang Yuan stopped the guts Gu trade, using it for himself. Without this revenue, and with the two stone nests refining Gu continuously, his funds had dried up, he had less than a hundred immortal essence stones left.


 To break through Hei Lou Lan’s restrictions, Fang Yuan could use wisdom Gu to deduce a new airsac Gu recipe.


 But this had problems too.


 Fang Yuan had already sold delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu in the auction, he was using malicious thought Gu as a substitute, the quantity was still low. Even if he had an entire stone nest of hairy men, refining malicious thought Gu unendingly, under the light of wisdom, the expenditure of thoughts was too high.


 Fang Yuan had some early expectations of this kind of situation, his original solution was to raise the scale of production.


 But to raise the production and build the third or even fourth stone nest, he would need funds. Hairy men, especially those slaves skilled in refining Gu, were priced even higher.


 Fang Yuan had insufficient funds, he could not raise his production. The problem went back all the way to the first issue, it seemed to be a deadlock.


 Fang Yuan went to find Lang Ya land spirit and tried to use immortal materials to lure him into refining malicious thought Gu using the hairy men in his blessed land.


 But Lang Ya land spirit rejected him.


 His request remained the same, for Fang Yuan to go into immemorial purple heaven, to search for the rank six immortal material, poisonous flowers, and collect their petals.


 It seemed that this immortal material was very important to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could not resolve the situation through this.


 With airsac Gu restricted, there was no guts Gu trade. The sale of guts Gu was Fang Yuan’s top source of revenue. Without funds, there was no malicious thought Gu, so Fang Yuan could not use the light of wisdom.


 This greatly affected Fang Yuan in the assimilation of his loot, slowing the plan to raise his battle strength.


 Fang Yuan was fully aware that Hei Lou Lan was attempting to compel him — forcing him into giving up self strength Immortal Gu and choosing strength qi Immortal Gu.


 “Hmph, Hei Lou Lan... I’d like to see who can outlast the other?” Fang Yuan snickered, focusing his mind. He summoned Hu Immortal land spirit and went to Dang Hun palace again.


 Sitting on the bed, he shut his eyes and went into the dream realm.


 Earlier, to save Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan used the immortal killer move unravel dream, it expended a lot of dream path mortal Gu. In order to activate unravel dream killer move again, he had to go into a dream to refine dream path mortal Gu.


 At the same time, at a secret hideout in Northern Plains.


 The wisdom path Gu Immortal, Old Oracle from Ancient Soul Sect, one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, walked out of the secret room slowly.


 He looked exhausted, trying to deduce the culprit behind the collapse of True Yang Building had left him in deep fatigue. His sideburns had turned white, his young face had become much older and wrinkled.


 “How was it?” Hong Chi Ming and the other immortals saw that he was outside and quickly approach him with concerned expressions.


 Old Oracle knew that they were not concerned about him, but the results of his deduction.


 There were many crucial pieces of evidence deduced this time, especially when Zhao Lian Yun’s soul was searched and they witnessed the scenes that happened in Imperial Court blessed land, it was of great help for his deduction.


 But Old Oracle shook his head, having a gloomy expression: “My attainment were insufficient, I have disappointed all of you.”


 “How could this be?”


 “You could not deduce anything even at this stage, the culprit is not simple, they are hiding too deeply...”


 “It seems we still need to collect information.”


 The immortals were all elites of their sects, after slight disappointment, they quickly accepted the results and started to discuss their future plans.


 After some discussion, Feng Jiu Ge spoke: “Right now, we have no clear target, we should split up and do our own missions. It was not easy to come to Northern Plains from Central Continent. I am sure you all have private matters aside from investigating the truth. For the time being, while you settle your private affairs, try to collect more information.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s reputation was the highest, nobody dared to question him.


 Right now, with no clear target, everyone had to settle their own matters, they quickly split up and left, in order to resolve the missions from their respective sects.


 Old Oracle and Feng Jiu Ge stayed behind.


 “Lord Jiu Ge.” Old Oracle was hesitant.


 In truth, he had made a huge breakthrough this time in his deduction, but after telling Feng Jiu Ge, the latter ordered that the information was to be concealed. That was why Old Oracle lied to everyone earlier, telling them that his deduction failed.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked at him and smiled with deep meaning: “The culprit who caused the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was already most likely to be from the ten great sects of Central Continent. Now that you obtained the deduction that ‘the culprit is a member of the ten sects of Central Continent’, I allowed the rest to act freely, in the case that a mistake is made in concealing it, we would be able to find the culprit.”


 “But the result of my deduction could be wrong from the start.” Old Oracle lowered his head.


 “Don’t worry, if it is really a traitor in the ten sects, after causing such a huge incident, no matter how they try to conceal it, there are bound to be clues left behind.” Feng Jiu Ge consoled him, while also seemingly giving a warning.


 Old Oracle raised his head, his gaze was clear as he stared at Feng Jiu Ge: “Lord Jiu Ge is hiding this from the other Gu Immortals, do you not suspect my sect?”


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed heartily, he frankly admitted: “Honestly speaking, I naturally was suspicious since long ago. You can go now, I am sure Ancient Soul Sect gave you secret missions as well.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s tone was that of one who had confidence in grasping the entire situation.


 Old Oracle’s heart shook, he lowered his head: “That is indeed the case, I will leave now.”


 Saying this, his body was like lightning as he vanished into the sky.


 Only Feng Jiu Ge was left in his original spot, his gaze was dark and eerie, and his expression was calm, it was impossible to tell what he was thinking.



***
Chapter 778 - Immortal Gu Changes Owner


***





 



 More than ten days later, in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Time luck Immortal Gu was silently floating above Fang Yuan’s head, it was moving from side to side.


 Time luck Immortal Gu was like a jade centipede, it was pale green and was swimming about in the area above Fang Yuan’s head, coiling around and giving off a watery sheen.


 Fang Yuan was injecting green grape immortal essence into it, while inspecting the inch of time Gu worms in his immortal aperture.


 Earlier, he had made an agreement with Lang Ya land spirit, asking him to refine inch of time in bulk using the hairy men. The time flow in Lang Ya blessed land was faster than Hu Immortal blessed land, the quality of the hairy men was much higher, it could be considered of the highest grade.


 Thus, after Fang Yuan paid with immortal materials, a large number of inch of time Gu, like a small golden mountain, accumulated in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 As the saying went, time was money, an inch of time was an inch of gold.


 Although inch of time Gu was a mortal Gu, it had an appearance like that of a gold bar. The higher the rank of inch of time Gu, the longer and thicker the gold bar.


 But at this moment, when Fang Yuan activated time luck Immortal Gu, inch of time Gu was used up rapidly. The gold mountain had vanished completely in just a few breaths of time.


 Without inch of time’s support, the time luck Immortal Gu above his head stopped activating.


 Fang Yuan sighed in regret: “It seems that it is quite tough to use inch of time to activate time luck Immortal Gu in the place of lifespan. I only activated it for such a short period of time, I gained almost no additional luck.”


 Like what Fairy Li Shan said earlier, activating time luck Immortal Gu involved expending immortal essence and the Gu Immortal’s lifespan to gain a boost in luck.


 But Fang Yuan had barely any lifespan left, how could he waste it so easily?


 During the final moments of Imperial Court blessed land’s battle, when he was forced to become an immortal zombie, he was already extremely old. He had not used any lifespan Gu before, thus he only had a hundred years of lifespan. Right now, he had only around ten years or less remaining.


 If one day, he could get rid of his immortal zombie body and become a living person again, his lifespan would not change.


 “That is to say, even if I recover, my body would be extremely old, that is a problem. Before that, I need to find lifespan Gu and use it on myself.”


 Fang Yuan thought about this and couldn’t help but frown.


 Lifespan Gu were hard to find, they were extremely precious.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would not sell them when they were obtained. In the Northern Plains auction earlier, not a single lifespan Gu was sold.


 Lifespan Gu were only mortal Gu, the conditions for their production were greatly variable, for Gu Immortals to find lifespan Gu almost meant relying on luck. In many situations, lifespan Gu were often obtained by mortal Gu Masters, Gu Immortals could not control where they appeared.


 Fang Yuan being able to find lifespan Gu and extend his lifespan by several hundred years in his previous life was due to this.


 “Up to this point, the best way to search for lifespan Gu would have been through using Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Unfortunately, I only obtained one lifespan Gu in this Immortal Gu House, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng already used it. It is basically impossible to rebuild Eighty-Eight True Yang Building now.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved, time luck Immortal Gu turned into a flash of light, entering his immortal aperture.


 Even though his immortal aperture had turned into a dead land, once in a while, a small amount would break off, but for Gu worms, there was still a lot of space.


 Time luck Immortal Gu eventually floated onto another ‘gold mountain’.


 This second ‘gold mountain’ was naturally made up of inch of time Gu.


 Fang Yuan had obtained a huge amount of inch of time Gu from Lang Ya land spirit, they had piled into two mountains. One had already been expended earlier.


 The last remaining one was here.


 Even though the test result previously was not satisfactory, it gave Fang Yuan a lot of precious and useful inspiration.


 “Earlier, I was only using inch of time and time luck Immortal Gu alone, if I add in other Gu worms, or even turn it into an immortal killer move, the expenditure of inch of time Gu might be greatly reduced, allowing it to become more feasible and desirable. Unfortunately, even though the light of wisdom gives me unlimited inspiration, this deduction involves time path, I have no attainment in it.”


 With such a restriction, Fang Yuan could only keep his thoughts in mind for now rather than making an attempt.


 He still lacked dream path mortal Gu, Fang Yuan was not going to waste any more time. After regulating his breathing for a few moments, he remained seated on his bed and closed his eyes, entering his dream realm.


 After going through three dream realms, he refined two dream path mortal Gu, storing them in his mind.


 Such a success rate was much higher compared to when he initially started. But during the third refinement, Fang Yuan failed and his soul was injured.


 Dream realms themselves were risky, not to mention refining Gu in a dream.


 “If I lose my focus, I will fall into the dream’s trap. Thankfully, guts Gu can strengthen my soul.” Fang Yuan felt relieved, he opened his eyes and walked out of Dang Hun palace.


 On Dang Hun mountain, there were guts Gu everywhere.


 Fang Yuan used a few and healed the injuries to his soul.


 Just as he was about to return and continue refining dream path mortal Gu, his expression changed, as a letter was sent into his immortal aperture using moving perspective cup Gu.


 Fang Yuan looked at it and his face flashed with joy.


 He immediately stopped the plan of refining Gu, he chose a scenic location on Dang Hun mountain and sat down, taking out an elephant’s leg and using fire Gu to roast it.


 A moment later, a figure flew over from the southeast direction.


 It was a female immortal, with black hair and black pupils, she had a divine beauty and a dominating aura, it was Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan flew in the air, landing before Fang Yuan with a cold expression. She looked at the elephant leg on Fang Yuan’s hand, recognizing that it was the flesh and bones of a desolate beast, drought elephant, she said sarcastically: “So the immortal materials in your hands can be wasted to this degree already?”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he looked at Hei Lou Lan before his gaze landed back onto the elephant leg.


 After a short while, because of the high heat, the elephant leg was half cooked already, it was oozing with fragrance.


 “It has been a while, Fairy Lou Lan, please take a seat.” Fang Yuan said politely.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted, remaining standing, unmoving as she emitted a faint anger.


 Fang Yuan found it funny: Although she was a formidable character, she was still a young woman. But if he was in her place, if someone wanted his Spring Autumn Cicada, would he give it up? Perhaps he might have already fallen out with the person and fought already?


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan mentally alerted himself.


 Hei Lou Lan’s mistake was right in front of him, he could not ignore it.


 Hei Lou Lan desperately wanted to take revenge, she took risks in undergoing tribulations, in the end, she was careless and almost died. Right now, she could not stall any longer, she had to hand self strength Immortal Gu over.


 By this stage, one could not advance prematurely and underestimate risks. A Gu Immortal’s calamities and tribulations, are they so easy to pass? Even if one was overflowing with talent, and had an arrogant nature, they had to admit the facts. Hei Lou Lan was a youngster who was not afraid of death, by charging forward blindly, she had suffered a loss, now she would start becoming careful.


 “But it was thanks to her that I could obtain self strength Immortal Gu, right?” Fang Yuan thought about this and laughed in his heart, putting the elephant leg in front of his mouth as he bit off a huge chunk, eating it with pleasure.


 Hei Lou Lan saw this and snickered: “You are already an immortal zombie, you have no sense of taste. Now that there is no hope of restoring your body again, you are doing this to reminisce your past?”


 Fang Yuan said slowly and calmly: “Fairy Lou Lan, you did not come here to see me eat meat, right?”


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression was still as water, there was anger in her tone as she said with deep meaning: “You are so gluttonous, are you not afraid of bursting your stomach?”


 “Don’t worry, my appetite is good, dying of overeating is better than dying of starvation.”


 “Hmph!” Hei Lou Lan was gritting her teeth in rage, she suppressed her anger as she said with a calmer tone: “Actually, what’s wrong with changing what you eat? That way, we can all have meat to eat. Fate is unpredictable, who would not have downturns in life?”


 Fang Yuan understood her words.


 Hei Lou Lan wanted to use strength qi Immortal Gu to replace Self Strength as the compensation to Fang Yuan. But Fang Yuan would not agree.


 He swallowed the food in his mouth as he sighed deeply, exclaiming: “Precisely because fate is unpredictable, I try all sorts of ways to become stronger, so that I can deal with any desperate situation in the future. Hei Lou Lan, you understand me, once I make up my mind, I won’t change it.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes squinted, Fang Yuan was such a person, she was of a similar kind. Just as she was about to speak, her pupils shrunk.


 Only seeing that on Fang Yuan’s body, a bright light had appeared in a flash.


 This light was horizontal across his chest, it was a faint shadow at first, but it soon became brighter and more solid, carving itself onto Fang Yuan’s body.


 “A strength path dao mark?!” Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed.


 Just earlier, she witnessed with her own eyes that Fang Yuan gained a strength path dao mark.


 She quickly calmed down, thinking of the answer, her eyes twitched as she said dryly: “So the eat strength Immortal Gu that appeared in Northern Plains’ auction is in your hands. How do all the good things end up in your hands?”


 Eat strength Immortal Gu had low value to other Gu Immortals, they even would not dare to use it much.


 But to strength path Gu Immortals, it was undeniably a treasure.


 Especially in Hei Lou Lan’s case, her cultivation had met with an obstacle, she could not raise it by undergoing tribulation. At this time, eat strength Immortal Gu, which carried zero risks, became very important.


 Fang Yuan did not speak, he bit down at the bones.


 He had already eaten the meat on the elephant leg, but the bones also contained natural strength path dao marks. Even though the elephant leg bones were tough, his sharp teeth chewed them up and he swallowed.


 Soon afterwards, Fang Yuan gained a new strength path dao mark.


 He was not afraid of Hei Lou Lan going back on her words.


 Because the agreement for saving her had already reached the time limit. Hei Lou Lan came at the last moment to give it one last try.


 But in this matter, from start to finish, Fang Yuan had no way to lose.


 Once they went back on the contract, Fairy Li Shan would die. How could Hei Lou Lan watch that happen?


 “Come, sit, I’ll treat you to some meat.” Fang Yuan took out another strength path desolate beast’s leg from his immortal aperture.


 After cooking it, he gave the leg to Hei Lou Lan, at the same time, he willed and eat strength Immortal Gu flew into Hei Lou Lan’s hands.


 Hei Lou Lan received it without hesitation, after swallowing the flesh and bone, she activated eat strength Immortal Gu to digest them.


 A moment later, a strength path dao mark appeared in her body.


 Even though the gains were barely one-tenth of a percent compared to a tribulation, this method had no risks, it could be accumulated continually.


 After eating half of it, Hei Lou Lan sighed deeply and gave self strength Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan.


 The two traded on the spot, self strength Immortal Gu changed owners!



***
Chapter 779 - Chains of Benefits


***





 



 Fang Yuan put away self strength Immortal Gu, his expression did not change, he turned to Hei Lou Lan and said: “From now on, Fairy Lou Lan, if you want to borrow eat strength Immortal Gu for cultivation, you just need to pass me a certain sum of immortal materials as payment.”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded.


 This was his response, Hei Lou Lan was a formidable person, the moment she saw Fang Yuan display his eat strength Immortal Gu purposely, she knew his intentions.


 He did not want to sever their relationship, he chose to deepen their cooperation!


 Fang Yuan forcefully asked for self strength Immortal Gu, it bit open a huge, bloody wound on their alliance, blood was oozing and the bones could be seen.


 However, in contrast to the precious self strength Immortal Gu in sole possession, Fang Yuan was lending eat strength Immortal Gu, this was giving Hei Lou Lan a way out.


 Hei Lou Lan ate the leg that she had, letting out a heavy sigh as she looked at Fang Yuan without a trace of anger on her face.


 “Let’s go to a stone nest.” Hei Lou Lan set out, taking the initiative to help Fang Yuan refine the airsac Gu.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, it seemed like Hei Lou Lan was having a hard time. Just now, she underwent tribulation and went into great danger, after being saved by Fang Yuan, her blessed land was sure to have suffered heavy damage.


 Fairy Li Shan had always been helping Hei Lou Lan with her cultivation, regardless of costs. But now, she was in trouble too. She had to help Old Ancestor Xue Hu refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu, all of the demonic path Gu Immortals of Snowy Mountain were kept extremely busy in collecting immortal materials. This was an important and burdensome task, Fairy Li Shan had no choice but to spend all her efforts on it.


 Fang Yuan wanted to continue selling guts Gu, didn’t Hei Lou Lan have the same desire?


 Fang Yuan’s earlier action of splitting profits with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan was an extremely wise decision. At this point, it had taken effect. Profits were a form of restraint, even if Hei Lou Lan was furious internally, because of the big picture and her own circumstances, she had to cooperate with Fang Yuan.


 On this day, Hei Lou Lan summoned large amounts of strength qi, allowing the refinement of airsac Gu to restart.


 Before leaving, she gave Fang Yuan another idea for cooperation.


 Right now, Fang Yuan did not have the funds to increase his production, but Hei Lou Lan was willing to invest in this, building a third stone nest and obtaining ample hairy men. Her condition was that Fang Yuan must give her a higher profit ratio.


 Fang Yuan agreed immediately.


 The transaction of guts Gu had restarted, it was like a fresh current of water flowing into a drying river.


 The management of the blessed land was almost stale, now it was operating again. Like a horse carriage, the huge wheels were rolling and moving it forward.


 Several days later, the third stone nest was built in Fang Yuan’s Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had several Gu worms to mass refine: airsac Gu, malicious thought Gu, memory thought Gu, and inch of time.


 Three stone nests were insufficient to meet his needs.


 This invited a key question, how could he most effectively make use of his limited resources.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan ordered the first and third stone nest to refine airsac Gu. The second stone nest would refine malicious thought Gu.


 He had a large number of deductions to do, thus, he had to refine either memory thought Gu or malicious thought Gu. Malicious thought Gu was good for plotting against others, while memory thought Gu was useful for extracting information from his memories. But in terms of deduction, the two had no clear difference.


 As for why he was mainly refining airsac Gu, that was because Fang Yuan realized that he could sell a lot of guts Gu without any issues.


 Times had changed.


 The market for guts Gu had been steadily growing.


 Especially when Fang Yuan had stopped the trade of guts Gu not long ago, he had used it solely for healing himself. This act had cut off the supply to the market, causing a shortage to occur, thus the price of guts Gu had been skyrocketing.


 This phenomenon made Fang Yuan realize that the market for guts Gu had truly expanded, he could totally raise the prices.


 He thought about this, thus he did it.


 The guts Gu trade earlier was done monthly, his profit was forty-eight immortal essence stones.


 After raising the price, and excluding the profits given to Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, Fang Yuan earned a total of ninety-two immortal essence stones. This was almost double his previous earnings.


 “A monopoly is truly useful for earning profits.” Fang Yuan’s circumstances became much easier because of this, he sighed to himself, also being deeply alerted.


 Because the greater the profits of the guts Gu trade, the greater the prospects, the more Immortal Crane Sect and the other forces would inevitably become restless.


 Maybe because Fang Yuan displayed a huge amount of strength earlier, and because Immortal Crane Sect was restricted in other aspects, they could not find the time or effort to deal with Fang Yuan.


 Right now, the profits of guts Gu transactions were going up, one day, Immortal Crane Sect would make up their mind and put in more strength to try and ‘regain’ Hu Immortal blessed land.


 A man’s wealth is his own ruin by stirring another’s greed.


 Be it the righteous path or demonic path, they pursued profit. The difference was, the righteous path had nicer looking methods on the surface.


 As for the cultivation of Gu Masters, or rather, the core of it — it was about a person’s survival, it was always to defend one’s own interests while devouring other’s interests.


 Fang Yuan knew this clearly, he did not deny that there was no difference between him, any other person, or any force. In the face of profits, they were all wolves.


 “To deter Immortal Crane Sect, there is only one method. That is to increase my strength unceasingly, to cause their actions to fail, to make them feel threat.”


 With such urgency and drive, Fang Yuan successfully integrated self strength Immortal Gu into the immortal killer move, myriad self, a few days later.


 Although self strength Immortal Gu was very compatible with myriad self, Fang Yuan still spent several days to adjust the complementary mortal Gu. After testing it, he received an almost perfect result.


 “I cannot use Cleanse Soul, but I added in Self Strength, with this, my battle strength is back to first rate within rank six. In fact, the killer move myriad self is even stronger than before. Maybe it is time to explore that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan was thinking carefully.


 He had assimilated much of the gains from the auction.


 Myriad self returned to having an immortal killer move’s strength, true solid bat wings paired with iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu was on par with a movement immortal killer move. To deduce vaguely familiar face and the others, he needed a huge amount of malicious thought Gu. In Hu Immortal blessed land, there was only one stone nest fully refining it, it would still take a long time before the quantity was accumulated to a sufficient degree.


 As for how to solve the immortal zombie problem, even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng was making some progress in Eastern Sea, Shark Demon’s method was too costly and took too long.


 In terms of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, because Feng Jiu Ge forcefully asked them for information, his Sha Huang identity could not be used anymore, that plan was halted.


 “Speaking of it, I have already obtained this Thieving Heaven inheritance for quite some time. If I can get Luo Po valley, together with Dang Hun mountain, my soul foundation would rapidly grow. That is a good method to raise my battle strength as well. In the future, I can even undergo the transaction of bewilderment fog and Luo Po wind, increasing my revenue.”


 At the same time, in Luo Po valley.


 A negotiation had reached its most crucial moment.


 Qin Bai Sheng had a light smile as he looked at Hui Feng Zi.


 Hui Feng Zi was dressed in a green robe, he lowered his head and thought about it, suddenly laughing as he looked up: “Qin Bai Sheng, to think that I treated you as my best friend, you actually lured me into this trap to harm me. With your strength, you cannot take down Lang Ya blessed land, you want me to be cannon fodder?”


 Qin Bai Sheng’s gaze shined, he said lightly: “With your wind escape move, you can retreat as you wish, you are famous in Northern Plains, how could you end up as cannon fodder?”


 “Even if wind escape is an immortal killer move, the best in movement within Northern Plains, it cannot penetrate blessed lands or grotto-heavens. Qin Bai Sheng, I cannot accept your invitation.” Hui Feng Zi rejected as he shook his head.


 He was a rank seven wind path Gu Immortal, he was a famous and established character. Even if he had a superb skill, he was still very vigilant. Perhaps that was the reason he could live up to this point and have such an achievement.


 Qin Bai Sheng nodded, Hui Feng Zi’s reply was not unexpected: “In that case, I will be forced to make you come.”


 “You want to stop me?” Hui Feng Zi’s expression tensed, his eyes shined with a sharp light: “Very well, let us spar, it will dispel some unrealistic thoughts in your mind. I, Hui Feng Zi, am not someone who can be ordered around easily.”


 As he said that, he struck.


 Boom!


 Hui Feng Zi opened his mouth, he flicked with his tongue as a huge wind blade shot towards Qin Bai Sheng.


 Immortal killer move — Death Wind Flying Blade!


 “Good timing.” Qin Bai Sheng did not move, he only laughed.


 The wind blade hit Qin Bai Sheng who did not move at all, at once, golden light burst out.


 As the golden light faded, Qin Bai Sheng remained unharmed.


 “What defensive killer move is this?” Hui Feng Zi was shocked, he asked in astonishment: “My death wind flying blade did not even cut a single strand of your hair?”


 Qin Bai Sheng smiled without speaking.


 “How can I fight him like this?” Hui Feng Zi’s eyes twitched, his battle intent fell, he wanted to retreat.


 Immortal killer move — Wind Escape!


 He used his signature method, famous within Northern Plains, at once, Hui Feng Zi turned into a gust of wind as he flew towards the sky of Luo Po valley.


 This movement killer move had helped Hui Feng Zi escape danger countless times, it made his enemies sigh in helplessness. The most memorable occasion was when Hui Feng Zi used this move to escape from the rank eight Gu Immortal, Yao Huang, who was pursuing him.


 But Qin Bai Sheng did not move as he looked at Hui Feng Zi escape, he was expressionless.


 Rumble...


 On top of Luo Po valley, thunder was booming as clouds rumbled.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 The intense wind blew, countless ghostly figures, at a quantity of millions, flew around below the clouds.


 Hui Feng Zi spit out a mouthful of blood, it was like he rammed into an iron wall, he was forced out of his wind state.


 “What Gu formation is this?” He was uncertain, his wind escape could not break out of this area.


 Qin Bai Sheng smiled without answering Hui Feng Zi’s question, he asked: “Does sir want to consider joining us and attacking Lang Ya blessed land?”


 This time, Hui Feng Zi only thought about it for a few breaths before landing: “Qin Bai Sheng, you were superior after all. Never mind, I will join you in this.”


 Qin Bai Sheng laughed, he was not surprised.


 Hui Feng Zi was famous for knowing his place, he was a wise man who submitted to circumstances.


 Since he could not escape, Hui Feng Zi’s greatest advantage was gone. Furthermore, Qin Bai Sheng’s alliance conditions were not too harsh, even though he was slightly unhappy, he still joined in helplessly.



***
Chapter 780 - Fate Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court!


 The silver-white sky shined with a bright and pure luster.


 Countless exquisite halls made of white jade could be seen everywhere, empty and tranquil.


 Amongst the halls, there was an old white tower covered in blemishes, standing tall and conspicuous like a crane in a flock of chickens.


 The tower’s name was Heaven Overseeing, it originated from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, as the name suggested, one could observe the whole world from this tower!


 However, winds never stop blowing, the events of the world were turbulent and changeable. Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s talent and wisdom could rival that of the heavens, she still could not escape the fate of dying from the end of her lifespan. Later, Heavenly Court experienced the attacks of three Demon Venerables, and when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable ruled the world, they also had the intention of taking possession of Heavenly Court, but for some reason, they dispelled that thought.


 Over three million years!


 Countless marks of history had deeply been imprinted onto Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Splendid brilliance or deep gloominess, the vicissitudes of all kinds of experiences had merged into Heaven Overseeing Tower, turning it into an imposing structure, resembling an ancient tree that has lived since ancient times. Or like a bronze cauldron that had stood witness to the changes of the world, and still stood tall without collapsing.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord walked up the stairs holding a walking cane, his back was bent.


 He was a rank eight Gu Immortal, but his majestic aura revealed an intense aura of old age.


 His hair had turned white, wrinkles covered his body like an old tree’s bark. His eyes were blurry and his gaze cloudy.


 He slowly lifted his foot, or rather, dragged. He was like an old insect, tottering up the endless stairs with difficult steps.


 He walked forward step by step.


 Every step he walked, the white jade stairs under his feet would shine with a slight light and let out a beautiful sound, like that of a xylophone.


 The next change was to the walls beside the old man.


 Images changed constantly on the walls, sometimes there was a lump of vague, foggy figures, sometimes there were innumerable colorful lines, and rarely, there would appear clear pictures.


 The old man paid close attention to the pictures on the walls.


 Whenever he went up a step, a bead of the immortal essence inside him would be consumed, and changes would occur to the pictures on the walls.


 The old man’s movement paused.


 A picture on a wall vividly portrayed a valley.


 “Luo Po valley.” The old man softly muttered, a flash of brilliance appeared and disappeared in his blurry eyes.


 Two Gu Immortals were fighting at the center of the picture. A wind path Gu Immortal and a metal path Gu Immortal.


 At the periphery of the picture, several Gu Immortals were standing, looking at the battle in the center.


 The picture continue to change.


 The battle of the two Gu Immortals was not intense, they stopped after exchanging one or two moves.


 Finally, the picture froze at this scene — the wind path Gu Immortal slowly lowered his head at the metal path Gu Immortal.


 The old man inwardly engraved this scene in his mind.


 In the innumerable steps that led to the top of the tower, those that could show such clear pictures would only number a dozen or so.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord continued to move up the tower.


 He saw a deep sea, in which a group of Gu Immortals, consisting mostly of immortal zombies, were attacking a blessed land.


 A female immortal was kneeling on sandy ground, pleading for assistance from an elderly male Gu Immortal.


 A young Gu Master was unconscious in a bed. A spirit incubating flea was lying on his forehead, slightly shaking.


 He saw a Gu Immortal with white clothing and blue pupils, quietly moving through a forest in Southern Border.


 He also saw an eerie dark swamp, huge rays of blood-colored light were enshrouding it, within which a blood path Gu Immortal was cultivating.


 The more the old man saw, the more chilly his face became, and the more fury accumulated in his blurry eyes.


 “These people, they have all escaped the judgment of fate!”


 Finally, he walked to the top of the stairs and stepped onto the peak of the tower, where an Immortal Gu appeared in front of him.


 Rank nine Immortal Gu — Fate!


 It looked like a spider, colored in black and white. Its aura was weak, there was a scarlet wound on its body that almost cut it in two.


 The old man gazed at this Gu for a long while before he heaved a sigh.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was a rank nine Immortal Gu House, unfortunately, its most important core, Fate, had suffered a fatal injury and was close to destruction.


 “Red Lotus Demon Venerable!” The old man gritted his teeth, his gaze revealing deep enmity.


 The person who inflicted such an injury onto Immortal Gu Fate was none other than a famed character in history, Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable broke Fate, destroying the chains of fate and allowing all living beings in the world to grasp their own destiny. But Immortal Gu Fate was not completely destroyed.


 However, despite the care and protection from all immortals in Heavenly Court, the injuries Fate had suffered had yet to recover even after a million years.


 This situation was caused by the attack of Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 The injuries on fate Immortal Gu were not only represented in its physical wounds, it was also reflected on all the living beings who had escaped the judgment of fate.


 The existence of these people in themselves signified the breaking of fate.


 Thus, healing the Immortal Gu Fate had to be done in two aspects. One was to deal with the wound on the Gu. The other was to clear the obstacles for Immortal Gu Fate by eliminating all those who had escaped the judgment of fate.


 No matter which aspect, both were troublesome issues.


 Especially the second aspect, the five regions were extremely vast, every moment, there would be someone who escaped their fate. It was extremely difficult for Heavenly Court to eliminate these existences.


 Even if Heavenly Court was the most powerful Gu Immortal organization, it only controlled Central Continent. The remaining four regions were linked to Central Continent through regional walls, the higher the cultivation of the expert, the more difficult it would be for them to pass the regional wall.


 The regional walls of each of the regions were like protective layers that isolated the five regions from each other and made them independent territories.


 In the beginning, when fate Immortal Gu had just been injured, Heavenly Court was still seeing some efficiency in eliminating escapees of fate. But merely some years later, there were countless escapees like waves formed in a sea, appearing repeatedly, to the extent that they could not be fully attended to.


 More than ten years later, this situation spread like a wildfire throughout the five regions.


 Dozens of years later, immortal zombies appeared, humans that were supposed to be dead but were still living, this was the classic example of escaping fate’s judgment. Back then, this situation had shocked, angered and shaken the whole of Heavenly Court.


 As such a practice grew more popular to this day, a branch of immortal zombies appeared even in Central Continent. Survival was a basic human instinct, even Heavenly Court could not resist such a trend.


 The goal of restoring fate Gu seemed to be getting more distant day by day, and there seemed to be no hope.


 However, Heavenly Court had never given up.


 Because every generation of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals firmly remembered the dignity of Heavenly Court during the Olden Antiquity Era, and its glory during the Remote Antiquity Era.


 And the greatest cornerstone in building this was fate Gu.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements used fate Gu as the core. Therefore, allowing resistance against three Demon Venerables and ensuring Heavenly Court did not fall.


 Completely healing fate Gu was akin to grasping the paths in life for all living beings. This also meant that Heavenly Court would once again be paramount, becoming the supreme immortals among immortals, rulers among countless rulers!


 All their efforts had provided some results.


 Under generations after generations of efforts from Gu Immortals of Heavenly Court, and enormous prices paid over the course of history, fate Gu was recovering bit by bit until the current state, where although it was dying, it could be barely used.


 It was because of this that pictures appeared on Heaven Overseeing Tower’s walls.


 Fate escapees and fate Gu were irreconcilably opposed. However, those that had escaped the judgment of fate were truly too many in numbers. The ones that appeared in Heaven Overseeing Tower were only the strongest ones, while also not being inside blessed lands or grotto-heavens, in addition to not using wisdom path methods to conceal themselves, therefore they were easy to deduce.


 “Soon, soon. Using the latest Refinement Path Convention to heal fate Gu’s injury will result in a qualitative breakthrough. All the investments we made will be worth it. Countless years of accumulation will be brought about to fruition from this. After the Refinement Path Convention, fate Gu should be able to display fifty percent of its might!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord mumbled while caressing fate Gu.


 His expression gradually eased up, the anger in his heart temporarily pacified.


 “But before this, we still need to eliminate these main sinners who had escaped the judgment of fate! All lives have their trajectory and destiny predetermined since they are born. This is the law of heaven and earth, the rule of nature, how can we allow you to leisurely escape? This is life that does not belong to any of you.”


 While thinking of this, the old man recalled the clear pictures which he had engraved in his mind when he moved up the stairs.


 “Before Fate recovers, I will act in the capacity of heaven and eliminate the tallest of these weeds!”


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The light of wisdom filled the underground cave.


 Fang Yuan was inside the light with his eyes tightly closed. behind him was the biggest lingzhi in the cave, it was the king of the zhi forest and had already grown to the size of a fat, mature small tree with lush mushroom heads.


 Bright colored lights shined on Fang Yuan’s face.


 His breathing was deep and slow, malicious thoughts rose up and down in his mind like waves, constantly crashing against each other.


 After a while, Fang Yuan opened his eyes.


 “I took such a long time in accumulating malicious thought Gu, but they were used up like this.” He frowned, unsatisfied with this result.


 He had first attempted to deduce how to add Pulling Mountain and Pulling Water into the killer move myriad self. The result was that he used up half of the stock of malicious thought Gu, but only made less than ten percent progress.


 This progress was too slow, Fang Yuan then tried to deduce immortal killer move vaguely familiar face.


 He used up all malicious thought Gu, but the progress was only a little over ten percent.


 “In the end, it was because my transformation path attainment is too low.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 At this moment, he suddenly felt something, a moving perspective cup Gu came out of his immortal aperture.


 The Gu brought a letter.


 Fang Yuan opened it; there were only four words on it — the time has arrived.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed as he stood up.


 The sender was Fairy Li Shan.


 Fang Yuan had originally intended to follow Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance clues to find Luo Po valley. But not long ago, Fairy Li Shan had suddenly sent news which caused Fang Yuan to dispel the plan of Luo Po valley.


 This news was regarding Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance.


 After Dong Fang Chang Fan died, Dong Fang Yu Liang was his legacy successor. But the latter was only a mortal Gu Master, thus to stop the intention of other Gu Immortals, Dong Fang Chang Fan did not directly hand over the wisdom path inheritance to Dong Fang Yu Liang, instead arranged it at a hidden place.


 Fairy Li Shan had vast connections and specialized in getting intel.


 This time, the intel was that Dong Fang Yu Liang had secretly headed off to an unknown location, attempting to inherit the wisdom path inheritance!



***
Chapter 781 - Tai Qiu is not an Inheritance Ground


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Tai Qiu.


 An intense battle was reaching its climax.


 On one side, there were three Gu Masters, on the other side, it was a myriad beast sized goat group.


 Two Gu Masters were in front, retreating under the fierce attacks of the goat group. Behind, one person had a robe filled with bloodstains, even though his face was like jade, he had a tired expression, he was breathing roughly as his eyes were drooping.


 Suddenly, with a loud call, the myriad beast coiling mountain goat king led its group of elite goats as they attacked the three Gu Masters.


 The assault became faster and faster, the goat group attacked from both sides, resembling ripples from a sea’s waves, splitting up and leaving a path in the middle.


 In a few breaths of time, the goat king was right in front of them.


 “Young master, quickly retreat!”


 “The situation is dangerous, we will stay here, young master, think of the future.”


 The two Gu Masters saw this desperate situation, their eyes were wide open as they shouted.


 But the person behind them was in bad shape, it was as if he did not hear them.


 One of the Gu Masters had a resolute expression as he made a decision, speaking: “Dong Po Kong, you are a flying master, quickly escape with young master. I will stall them!”


 The other Gu Master, Dong Po Kong’s body shook, looking at his ally, he hesitated: “Tan Wu Feng...”


 The Gu Master who wanted to stay behind was Tan Wu Feng.


 Previously, he was a demonic path Gu Master, he, together with Hao Ji Liu, were known as the Wind and Water Demons, they were very famous.


 Hao Ji Liu went to Hei Lou Lan, in the end, he died in there, along with everyone else later due to Fang Yuan destroying Imperial Court blessed land. On the contrary, Wind Demon Tan Wu Feng went to Dong Fang Yu Liang, even though they lost in the Imperial Court contest, his life was preserved. He converted from demonic to righteous, becoming a subordinate of Dong Fang tribe’s previous leader, Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 But right now, Tan Wu Feng wanted to stay behind and singlehandedly resist the myriad beast goat group. He was using his life to gain precious time for his allies, for them to escape!


 There was no hope of surviving, this was truly a suicide mission.


 Dong Po Kong’s heart shook, he felt moved.


 Even though Tan Wu Feng was strong, as a righteous path member, he felt suspicious towards Tan Wu Feng’s motives and intentions for converting. Other than that, he also felt disdain and contempt.


 But right now, in Dong Po Kong’s heart, these suspicions, disdain, all vanished, turning into an emotion of tragic guilt.


 Under the influence of his genuine emotions, he spoke: “Good brother, I will bring young master away now!”


 Tan Wu Feng was staring with wide opened eyes, seeing the approaching goat group, he was anxious, shouting loudly: “Why aren’t you scramming?!”


 Dong Po Kong turned around and left, two streaks of tears falling from his eyes.


 He knew that he had to fight against time, if they wanted to escape, Tan Wu Feng’s sacrifice was not enough, they needed his flying master attainment to be fully displayed along the way.


 Even then, they had less than a thirty percent chance of success.


 However, at this moment.


 The blood bathed white robed Gu Master opened his eyes, raising his head as he shouted: “Seven star light!”


 Saying this, his entire body shot upwards, seven lumps of light of all colors were floating around him, rapidly circling around his body.


 Swoosh!


 A huge lump of star thoughts, under the support of the seven star light, burst out.


 In an instant, the surroundings were dyed in blue, starlight shined brightly and hit the surprised goat group.


 The coiling mountain goat group’s myriad beast king shouted loudly, but their momentum was too great, the goat group rammed into the countless star thoughts.


 “Young master!”


 “Lord Yu Liang!”


 Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong saw this and were excited and joyful.


 An immense amount of star thoughts formed a star cloud as it rumbled endlessly. A moment later, half of the star thoughts were destroyed, but as they dispersed, the myriad beast goat king had died, along with dozens of elite goat beasts.


 The goat group lost their goat king and broke apart. Splitting into multiple smaller groups let by thousand beast goat kings, the huge goat group had turned into numerous smaller groups that scattered everywhere.


 The blood bathed white robed Gu Master descended slowly to the surface, his body shuddered as he almost fell on the ground.


 Even though he dealt a fatal blow and overturned the situation, he was barely hanging on now.


 “Young master!” Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong came up, holding this Gu Master’s arms.


 This Gu Master was Dong Fang Yu Liang, after Northern Plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Chang Fan, died, he was his chosen inheritor!


 His face was extremely pale, he controlled his dizziness as he forced a laugh: “Alright, we finally beat this myriad beast goat group, we have time to rest now.”


 “Young master...” Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong looked at each other, they were moved and in admiration.


 Dong Po Kong was holding Dong Fang Yu Liang as he sat down slowly, he could not help but urge: “Young master, Tai Qiu is one of the ten great fierce areas, after entering this place for three days, we had already encountered more than ten waves of beast groups. Originally, we had more than ten people, now only us three are left. It is not a big deal if I die here, but young master is precious, if something happens to you, what will we do? Looking at this situation, why don’t we retreat first before coming here again?”


 Dong Fang Yu Liang sat on the ground, smiling bitterly to himself, shaking his head: “You do not know the situation, this is my last, and only chance. I had already put everything into this attempt, it is like an arrow that has been shot, we cannot turn back any longer. We need to make use of our time now and rest, trying to recover our battle strength.”


 Saying so, he shut his eyes, grabbing two primeval stones as he entered a state of rest.


 Dong Po Kong and Tan Wu Feng looked at each other, seeing the determination in each other’s eyes, they nodded as they sat around Dong Fang Yu Liang, taking out their primeval stones and meditating.


 At the outskirts of Tai Qiu, Gu Immortal Lu Qing Ming retracted his gaze as he praised: “To think that as a mortal, Dong Fang Yu Liang could advance so deeply into Tai Qiu. This time, he expressed weakness and lured his enemies in, causing the coiling mountain myriad beast goat king to charge up and letting him kill the leader, he actually managed to survive this difficulty.”


 Standing beside him, Gu Immortal Han Dong snorted coldly: “This Tai Qiu is one of the ten great fierce areas, there are desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts living here, even us Gu Immortals do not dare to charge in recklessly. Dong Fang Chang Fan placed his inheritance ground here, he was guarding against us.”


 Gu Immortal Su Guang added: “That is right, Dong Fang Yu Liang and the others are all mortal Gu Masters, they have weak auras and do not attract the attentions of the desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. With the route that Dong Fang Chang Fan planned for them, they would only meet some ordinary beast groups while entering the deep parts of Tai Qiu. If we go, our Gu Immortal auras would leak and cause the resistance of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. Hmm? More Gu Immortals are coming to the outskirts.”


 The other two Gu Immortals heard this and sensed something, they looked towards the southeast direction.


 Only to see that three Gu Immortals had just approached towards them, they were wearing black robes and had masks on, only showing their eyes.


 “Heh, more people that want to have a share of the profits.” Han Dong’s eyes shined ominously, his tone was eerie.


 The three black robed Gu Immortals descended.


 They were none other than Fairy Li Shan, Fang Yuan, and Hei Lou Lan.


 Fairy Li Shan was a famous Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, previously, she had agreed to an alliance with Dong Fang Chang Fan, she could not covet his possessions openly, thus she had to hide her appearance.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were involved in the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they had to conceal their appearances.


 The three slowly descended, floating in the air outside of Tai Qiu, they were not planning to go inside. They first glanced at Dong Fang Yu Liang and the others before looking around.


 Hei Lou Lan chuckled, “Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance is truly attractive. The outskirts of Tai Qiu had so many Gu Immortals hiding around. Just with my methods, I found more than twenty.”


 Fairy Li Shan continued: “I found twenty-six, most of them are demonic path Gu Immortals, but there are also Gu Immortals from Dong Fang tribe.”


 Fang Yuan took a look, but he only found nineteen.


 Although his battle strength had been raised, his investigative methods could not compare to an established veteran Gu Immortal like Fairy Li Shan. As for Hei Lou Lan, her investigative methods exceeded his, this made him internally alert.


 “No wonder Dong Fang Yu Liang is rushing to obtain the wisdom path inheritance. It seems that Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals are also after this inheritance. After all, with this inheritance, one has a chance of becoming Northern Plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal. Even their own Gu Immortals cannot resist this temptation.” Fairy Li Shan sighed.


 “Did Dong Fang Chang Fan make any mistakes? He signed an agreement with the righteous path super forces, so that they would not come after this, but he missed his own tribe’s Gu Immortals.” Hei Lou Lan said, she frowned slightly, she felt that Dong Fang Chang Fan would not be so careless.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan is the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, he left the inheritance clues in Dong Fang Yu Liang’s mind. Such wisdom path techniques cannot be broken easily. Right now, the Gu Immortals are all waiting here, it seems that they are biding their time until Dong Fang Yu Liang opens the inheritance, before they start robbing it.” Fang Yuan said.


 His motive in this journey was to get a complete wisdom path inheritance.


 Wisdom path inheritances had greater value the more complete they were.


 But currently, it seemed like his goal was going to fail. There were so many Gu Immortals after the inheritance, when they obtained it, they might form a situation where the inheritance gets split up.


 “Thankfully, my battle strength rose a lot just now, I have a chance at competing. Later, when we snatch it, I should avoid being the center of attention, so that the crowd would not attack me together, I need to strategize.”


 Fang Yuan made his tactics.


 Although he had high battle strength, there were many Gu Immortals, he could not fight them together. Of course, he was not stupid enough to attempt doing that anyway.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment!


 A blinding flash appeared, as the light faded, Dong Fang Yu Liang, Tan Wu Feng, and Dong Po Kong vanished from their original spots.


 “This is a teleportation Gu formation?”


 “It was hidden underground, we didn’t discover it.”


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan’s arrangements are indeed not simple, this Tai Qiu was not the true inheritance ground, it was just a place to hinder us.”


 “Quick, while the Gu formation still has some aura remaining, quickly search for clues before it dissipates!”


 The Gu Immortal realized at once, showing up and charging towards the deep parts of Tai Qiu.


 Grrr!


 Desolate beasts, and even ancient desolate beasts were stirred, they rushed out from all areas of Tai Qiu.



***
Chapter 782 - Myriad Self First Style, Giant Hand


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing a large number of desolate beasts appearing in their sights, with several ancient desolate beasts among them, the Gu Immortals flying in the sky slowed down, their expressions turning dark.


 They were indeed worthy of being Dong Fang Chang Fan’s arrangements, meticulously set out and interlinked, he had completely deduced today’s situation, even after he died, he created huge problems for these Gu Immortals.


 The desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts that were alerted felt that the Gu Immortals were intruders.


 Originally, they were resting in Tai Qiu, peacefully in their respective territories.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang and the others’ intrusion was like a few butterflies flying into their garden, the beasts were not disturbed.


 But the Gu Immortals were like bandits entering their homes, they were alerted and went all out, even working together to protect their territory, Tai Qiu.


 To humans, Tai Qiu was one of Northern Plains’ ten great fierce areas. But to these desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, the ten great fierce areas were their sanctuaries, they were places where humans could not take over.


 Seeing so many desolate beasts charging over at once, the Gu Immortals were apprehensive.


 Although there was a good number of them, they were not united, instead, they were wary of each other due to the wisdom path inheritance, it was hard to work together sincerely.


 They could not battle with the desolate beasts either.


 Once they fought, the chaotic battle would cause damage to Tai Qiu, if they destroy the traces left behind by the teleportation Gu formation, the Gu Immortals would have even greater trouble tracking them.


 Those who could become Gu Immortals were not fools.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s plot was very obvious, they all understood it clearly in an instant.


 “These desolate beasts and even ancient desolate beasts are not the point.”


 “We cannot spend too much time with these beasts and lose our clues.”


 “Get past them and find the traces, following the clues to the inheritance ground...”


 The Gu Immortals were still flying towards the area where the teleportation Gu formation was, but they had to slow down.


 Desolate beasts were a huge problem, but the surrounding Gu Immortals were worse. If it was convenient, these demonic path Gu Immortals would certainly not mind exterminating some of the competitors around them.


 Howl! A desolate beast flying at high speed engaged with a female Gu Immortal.


 This rank six female Gu Immortal’s name was He Ruo, also known as Peacock Flying Immortal, she was skilled in transformation path. She shouted a curse, she felt sullen inside, but she could not blame anyone, she could only blame herself for being unlucky and placed in a bad position.


 Seeing that the desolate beast was charging over, she did not fight it, she turned into a blurry green-grey bird, spreading her wings and flying away, towards the crucial location.


 The desolate beast was unable to catch up to her, it turned around and targeted another unlucky person.


 The green-grey bird flew past the other Gu Immortals, becoming the Gu Immortal closest to the crucial location.


 Other Gu Immortals did not watch this without doing anything.


 “A mere mortal killer move, you dare to stand out?” Waves were crashing as a rank seven Gu Immortal rode on a huge wave and blocked the green-grey bird.


 This Gu Immortal had a strong aura, but he was so thin his bones could be seen, his skin was wrinkled and dry, sticking close to his bones. Veins could be seen on his skin, they were everywhere.


 Seeing this person, most of the surrounding Gu Immortals showed a wary expression on their faces.


 This was a rank seven Gu Immortal, Pi Shui Han, he was a member of the demonic path and cultivated ice path and water path, he was a famous expert.


 Peacock Flying Immortal He Ruo saw that Pi Shui Han was obstructing her, she did not evade him, instead, she snorted lightly and an Immortal Gu aura burst out from her.


 He Ruo activated her Immortal Gu, the green-grey bird she had transformed into turned from blurry to clear.


 In an instant, the green bird’s body expanded by thirty percent, three golden peacock tails grew on her back, her speed rose sharply as she flew past the waves, towards the Gu formation.


 Pi Shui Han’s actions failed, he laughed instead of getting angry, saying in a mocking tone: “Indeed after attending the Northern Plains auction, you think you have some ability now, hehe.”


 Saying this, he raised both his arms.


 Gurgle gurgle, with two loud sounds, the water waves surged up, emerging from nowhere, blocking the green bird like two huge walls.


 Meanwhile, Pi Shui Han’s speed did not decrease, he rode on the currents and charged towards He Ruo.


 He Ruo did not dare to fight with Pi Shui Han, she raised her head and spread her wings, rising into the sky. But no matter how high she flew, the waves grew alongside her.


 Pi Shui Han smiled coldly, he rapidly got close to her.


 But He Ruo did not want to battle, she put all her efforts into escaping, Pi Shui Han could do nothing to her within a short period of time.


 Just as the two were fighting, one figure emerged from another side, like a flash of lightning.


 This person was brawny and muscular, his skin was bronze in color, lightning was coiling around his body, his speed was faster than He Ruo. Fang Yuan felt some familiarity upon seeing him saw, he thought over it for a moment and realized that this person was Divine Lord Tian Du.


 This immortal cultivated lightning path, he alongside Shi Hou had once coerced an immortal zombie of Zombie Alliance, buying a hundred and fifty kilograms of wilted essence with one immortal essence stone.


 Divine Lord Tian Du saw Pi Shui Han and He Ruo chasing and fleeing, he found a chance and activated his movement killer move, gaining a huge boost in speed.


 Soon, he surpassed everyone and quickly became the person closest to the Gu formation.


 “Hahaha!” Divine Lord Tian Du saw that he was getting closer to the Gu formation and was overjoyed, laughing loudly.


 “Divine Lord, hold up.” Accompanying a calm and slow voice, one white robed scholar appeared before Tian Du.


 “Ah, Unfettered Scholar!” Divine Lord Tian Du saw this person and his expression changed, his speed fell drastically.


 He knew that he was not the rank seven Gu Immortal, Unfettered Scholar’s match, he shouted quickly: “Shi Hou, quickly lend me a hand.”


 Shi Hou’s eyes twitched, he had no choice but to show up beside Divine Lord Tian Du. He was a muscular man, looking very rugged and brutish, his hair was in a mess and he held a skull in his hands.


 Divine Lord Tian Du cried out, pushing with his hands as a lightning dragon was unleashed.


 At the same time, Shi Hou activated his mortal killer move, attacking Unfettered Scholar.


 The two were not weak in battle strength among rank six Gu Immortals, otherwise, they would not dare to extort a Zombie Alliance member. At this moment, they joined forces and had an impressive attack, it attracted much attention.


 “Come then.” Unfettered Scholar smiled lightly, he moved his hand as two Immortal Gu flew out.


 Boom!


 In an intense explosion, Shi Hou and Divine Lord Tian Du flew back after spitting blood, but Unfettered Scholar stood on the spot, having a calm demeanor.


 He was fighting two against one, beating back Shi Hou and Divine Lord Tian Du, the Immortal Gu he used had great power, but they were already placed back inside his immortal aperture, nobody had seen them clearly.


 “Let’s go!” At this moment, from another direction, Gu Immortal Lu Qing Ming shouted, as the Gu Immortals Su Guang and Han Dong followed after him.


 Their advance caused gasps among the crowd.


 “It is the Traveling Three Elites!”


 “Block them!”


 “Be careful, when they join forces, their battle strength can match rank seven.”


 The three elites gave off bright lights each, it was a dazzling scene, forming an image of a chariot. This was a killer move that could only be unleashed when all three Gu Immortals worked together!


 The killer move had great power, the three elites could charge forward fearlessly, nobody could stop them for the moment, they got close to the Gu formation.


 There were five publicly well known rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains. There were more rank seven Gu Immortals, but they were not in large numbers. People like Qin Bai Sheng, Fairy Li Shan, and others, they were famous people who had been around for a long time.


 In the Gu Immortal world, most Gu Immortals were rank six.


 When the three elites joined up, they had rank seven battle strength, this made people wary. Furthermore, they had chosen their specific direction and had no strong foes of rank seven. Whether it was by coincidence or not, the three of them managed to become the ones closest to the Gu formation.


 They were extremely fast, Pi Shui Han, Unfettered Scholar and the others could not stop them, they could only watch as the three elites landed on the Gu formation that was set up earlier.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment!


 The figures of the three elites vanished, while a huge bat desolate beast flapped its wings and flew away.


 “This is a ruin bat!”


 “Ruin bat is a space path desolate beast, there were actually concealment type Gu on this beast, the three elites were engulfed by it.”


 “Hahaha, although they are not in mortal danger, they lost precious time and the valuable opportunity.”


 Some Gu Immortals were shocked, some were taking pleasure from their misfortune.


 Ruin bat was not an exception, at this moment, the desolate beasts in Tai Qiu had surrounded the Gu Immortals, ready for a huge battle.


 The peach wolf, which was pink, cute and had a tiny body, moved extremely quickly like light, the white hoof ink horse was stalwart like a mountain, the blood tongue tree had bloody and long tongues. And also, the qi path ancient desolate beast, primeval return peacock, that could absorb the primeval energy of a huge surrounding area, three desolate beast coiling mountain goats, and a lawless antelope that could give even a rank seven Gu Immortal a headache.


 The scene became chaotic at once, desolate beasts and Gu Immortals fought in intense battles, while the Gu Immortals were wary of each other. But no matter how chaotic it was, the Gu Immortals were protecting one crucial location, they tried to preserve all traces of the teleportation Gu formation.


 “Follow me.” With Fairy Li Shan at the lead, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were in the chaotic battle, fighting carefully and moving around agilely, they stealthily had gotten close to the Gu formation.


 Grr!


 A bull shaped desolate beast blocked Fang Yuan and the other’s path.


 “You dare rob me?!” Gu Immortal Zhuo Zhan carried a huge hammer and wore a red bronze suit of armor, he rode on a fat boar as he charged towards Fang Yuan and the others.


 At the same time, Divine Lord Tian Du, who was far away laughed coldly, an Immortal Gu flew out, turning into lightning as it shot over, it was known as Thunder Shuttle.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were about to strike, when Fang Yuan stopped them: “Please don’t worry, let me use my method.”


 As he said this, countless Gu worms flew up in his immortal aperture.


 Rank four all-out effort Gu, bitter strength Gu, borrow strength Gu, self-reliance Gu, refine essence spirit Gu, earth strength Gu, water strength Gu, wind strength Gu, lightning strength Gu, fire strength Gu, lurking soul coat Gu, breath concealment Gu...


 Countless mortal Gu flew up like butterflies, circling around one spot.


 An Immortal Gu was proudly at the center, it was the strength path Immortal Gu — Self Strength!


 From the mesmerizing flying, the mortal Gu created traces of light in the air. Self strength Immortal Gu burst out with a blinding light, connecting all of the traces of light into one, forming a light lump resembling a small sun.


 The light shined on the ground in the immortal aperture.


 On the ground, there were hundreds of thousands of Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms standing and waiting silently!


 Before coming here, Fang Yuan made his preparations, he summon his strength path phantom army prior to this trip.


 “Immortal killer move, Myriad Self — First Style — Giant Hand!” Fang Yuan mentally called out.


 Tens of thousands of phantoms of Fang Yuan stretched out their right hands, raising them up high, palms facing the huge light lump in the sky.


 Around the light lump, there were a hundred group strength Gu entering it.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan in the outside world stretched out his right hand.


 Boom—!


 A strength path giant hand appeared out of nowhere.


 The air within dozens of meters around him was pulled.


 The giant hand pushed, the bull shaped desolate beast was pushed away and into the air.


 The giant hand gripped, thunder shuttle Immortal Gu was trapped inside.


 The giant hand closed into a fist, it punched at Gu Immortal Zhuo Zhan.


 Zhuo Zhan was stunned, his eyes were wide open and staring, after shouting in shock, he escaped in panic!



***
Chapter 783 - One Real Among a Hundred Fakes


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Once Fang Yuan’s giant hand was unleashed, the effect was shocking, countless Gu Immortals looked over with surprised gazes.


 In truth, such a method of accumulating quantity and unleashing it all at once was a very common way of designing killer moves.


 Like the very common fire pellet Gu, it can summon one fireball. How could one increase its strength? Normal people would think like this: By accumulating fireballs, during battle, they would unleash it all at once.


 This way, by raising quantity, the power of their move will increase.


 This was the most common and simply train of thought.


 But most things were easy to plan, yet the execution was not easy at all.


 If they formed the fireball beforehand, how could they store it? Even if they stored many fireballs, how can they shoot these fireballs at the same time? Even if they fire it, how can they ensure that the aim is accurate, and that the fireballs are not shot in random directions?


 Only after resolving all of these questions would the Gu Master truly own what was known as — a killer move.


 That was why the nurture, use, and refinement of Gu worms were deep fields. Especially in terms of using Gu, one needed creativity. Even if killer moves were created, because people were all different, each killer move would naturally have their own strengths and weaknesses.


 When Fang Yuan conceived the immortal killer move myriad self, it could be said that he had broken traditional confinements and fused enslavement path and strength path, making a great and rare achievement.


 He had a strength path foundation originally, and when he underwent immortal ascension using his second aperture, he queried heaven and earth, gaining a deeper foundation.


 Next, he made a huge sacrifice, taking a near death risk, eventually using the rank nine wisdom Gu, gaining unlimited inspiration and creating the immortal killer move myriad self.


 Throughout the process, Fang Yuan played the most crucial role. But his environment, wisdom Gu, immortal ascension, destruction of Imperial Court blessed land, they were all unique stimuli.


 The immortal killer move, myriad self, which successfully fused enslavement path and strength path, due to the nature of its design, had surpassed most immortal killer moves!


 With this starting point, if Fang Yuan explored it in the future and developed it, he might be able to create a completely new path.


 Thus, even though the killer move, myriad self, was still in its initial stages, its potential was shocking.


 Enslavement path was the pinnacle of attrition battling, commanding an army and using the tactic of cannon fodder to drown the enemies in sheer numbers.


 Strength path created an individual champion, by adding great strength to oneself, one can kill whoever stands in their path, if they rage, the battlefield would be bathed in blood, in this aspect, a single person was a huge force!


 The two extremes fused into one, creating the killer move, myriad self.


 Fang Yuan could use his own strength to create innumerable strength path phantoms that he could manipulate at will. When he battled with Hei Cheng, the strength path phantom army forced back Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi, there was nothing they could do.


 In the killer move myriad self, this was the manifestation of strength path supporting enslavement path.


 Right now, was the opposite, it was enslavement path supporting strength path.


 What caused this crucial effect was group strength Gu. This ancient Gu worm was sent into the light lump for the killer move at the end, transferring the strength path army’s strength, and adding it all to Fang Yuan’s own body.


 There was also one key point, that was self strength Immortal Gu.


 If it was cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he would not be able to summon the giant hand.


 The so-called giant hand was only a giant strength path phantom’s hand.


 Hei Lou Lan had once controlled self strength Immortal Gu, her killer move’s strongest transformation was a giant strength path phantom.


 Fang Yuan used the immortal killer move, unravel dream, and saved Hei Lou Lan, obtaining her strength path true meaning afterwards. This true meaning became the final catalyst to create the giant hand.


 With all these causes, the move ‘giant hand’ was formed.


 Self strength Immortal Gu was indeed the best suited core for the immortal killer move myriad self. With it, myriad self developed a step further, it could finally interchange between the main and support roles for either path.


 Fang Yuan used this move instead of unleashing the strength path phantom army in his immortal aperture, he had his reasons.


 These strength path phantoms had his appearance, now that he was the culprit of a huge crime, he needed to hide his traces.


 Especially after the auction, his identity was exposed to a degree, and he had not deduced the killer move, vaguely familiar face, yet.


 Giant hand was the move most suitable for Fang Yuan currently — it had incredible power and would not expose his identity.


 The huge fist continued to punch at Zhuo Zhan.


 Zhuo Zhan was breaking out in cold sweat, he retreated more quickly as he created some distance from the giant hand.


 Swoosh, the Immortal Gu Thunder Shuttle, which was immobilized, broke free from the giant hand, flying towards its owner, Divine Lord Tian Du.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised.


 The design of the giant hand was indeed influenced by the formless hands.


 But the two were very different.


 Giant hand was a strength path killer move, but formless hand was the essence of theft path. Formless hand could capture Immortal Gu, but giant hand could only immobilize them for a short period of time, that already could be considered very good.


 After attacking once, Fang Yuan stopped his offense, in a few breaths of time, the giant hand vanished into thin air.


 During the entire process of the attack, his right arm was making cracking noises. Even with his immortal zombie body, it was hard for him to sustain the attack.


 Now that he stopped the move, his strong arm drooped down weakly. The tendons and muscles under his skin were almost all torn. His bones were full of cracks, and his arteries burst, mushing together with his muscles.


 Giant hand extracted strength from all of the strength path phantoms, gathering it into Fang Yuan.


 Because the strength was too great, and Fang Yuan was like the foundation holding it together.


 “This time, I activated giant hand using twenty thousand strength path phantoms. But the giant hand’s power can only be at this level temporarily. Even though it has room for improvement, my body had reached its limits.”


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself mentally.


 His arm was slowly drooping down, but concealed by his wide black robe.


 In a short time, using the recovery ability of the immortal zombie body, his arm completely recovered.


 Even so, giant hand’s power was too shocking, Zhuo Zhan was covered in cold sweat as he retreated a great distance, his gaze towards Fang Yuan carried immense fear.


 The surrounding Gu Immortals subconsciously created some distance from Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s faces were hidden under their black hoods, they both showed complex and surprised expressions.


 The power of giant hand had made them inwardly apprehensive and alert.


 But currently, Fang Yuan was their ally, they were on the same side, the two felt glad.


 These two emotions mixed together, it was a strange feeling, their states of mind were complex.


 Especially Hei Lou Lan, after sensing that giant hand had a hint of her own killer move’s design, she felt a slight sense of dejection.


 Far away, Unfettered Scholar pushed Divine Lord Tian Du back as he grabbed at thunder shuttle Immortal Gu.


 Divine Lord Tian Du was anxious, he used his method and successfully took back thunder shuttle Immortal Gu.


 Unfettered Scholar did not achieve his goal, he was not upset, he smiled serenely as he turned his gaze towards Fang Yuan: “An impressive immortal killer move.”


 Deep within his gaze, there was a solemn feeling.


 “This is truly battle strength reaching rank seven!” Lu Qing Ming and the others killed the ruin bat and returned to the outskirts of Tai Qiu, seeing this, they had wary expressions.


 “Who is this?” Pi Shui Han was guessing. This was the first time giant hand was used, it was obviously not a well known immortal killer move.


 “This is a strength path immortal killer move, is the person Domination Immortal Chu Du?” Many Gu Immortals could not help but guess.


 A strength path Gu Immortal with such battle strength, there was only one well known in Northern Plains.


 But soon, everyone shook their heads, with Chu Du’s demeanor, he would not conceal his identity like this.


 After Divine Lord Tian Du took back thunder shuttle Immortal Gu, he looked around.


 He did not want to fight Unfettered Scholar anymore. Now, even Fang Yuan was a tough opponent, and the Traveling Three Elites were back as well.


 He knew that with his strength, he could not take advantage of the situation, his expression turned ugly.


 Even though there was much going on, this all happened in a short period of time.


 After Fang Yuan used giant hand, he had retracted his hand and his arm drooped by his side, under everyone’s gaze, he went back to beside Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan.


 He purposely kept his head low, not making any noise, it was like he did something insignificant.


 Fairy Li Shan was in front, he was walking behind her, together with Hei Lou Lan.


 Seeing this, everyone was shocked and suspicious.


 Fang Yuan and the others were dressed in black robes, they wore the same clothes and were very mysterious. Seeing Fang Yuan’s attitude, everyone guessed — Hei Lou Lan, who was beside him, could have the same battle strength as him. As for the one walking in front, Fairy Li Shan, who was acting like the leader, might have even greater strength than Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was very familiar with people’s minds, this small action by him was much more terrifying to other Gu Immortals compared to his giant hand!


 Even though the other immortals knew that he might be bluffing, but as Fang Yuan and the others landed on the ground and reached the Gu formation, as they were searching for clues to capture Dong Fang Yu Liang, nobody stopped them.


 Everyone acknowledged the strength of Fang Yuan’s group.


 Of course, the bigger reason was that the wisdom path inheritance was nowhere to be seen. The immortals were shrewd people, they did not want to truly fight now. They fought earlier with probing as their intention, they did not use their real trump cards, or any all out attacks.


 Fang Yuan and the others were searching for clues together.


 A few breaths’ later, they all gasped.


 “What a teleportation Gu formation!” Fairy Li Shan’s voice was very hoarse.


 “Truly worthy of Dong Fang Chang Fan, he purposely left behind a Gu formation and misled us...” Hei Lou Lan said.


 “The clues here can help point out the correct direction, but to find Dong Fang Yu Liang, we need to rely on luck.” Fang Yuan continued.


 “What do you mean?” A Gu Immortal did not understand, he asked loudly.


 Fang Yuan and the others did not answer, they rose into the sky suddenly. They left Tai Qiu, moving in three different directions and rapidly vanishing from everyone’s eyes.


 A moment later, Unfettered Scholar landed as well.


 He inspected it and realized Fang Yuan and the other’s words were not lies.


 As it turned out, Dong Fang Chang Fan did something to the Gu formation. He did not make arrangements to destroy the Gu formation, since this formation could only teleport mortal Gu Masters, it could not transport immortals.


 If he destroyed the Gu formation, there would be Gu Immortal experts who could capture all sorts of clues and traces, following them and finding Dong Fang Yu Liang. After all, Dong Fang Chang Fan was skilled at plotting and deductions, he was not an expert in teleportation Gu formations.


 Thus, he intentionally left behind many trails, while concealing the real route within them, making it hard for people to decipher what was real amongst the fake.


 This way, the Gu Immortals would have to split up to find him, even if someone found Dong Fang Yu Liang, his pressure would be much lower.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan and the others chose the three most probable directions.


 Unfettered Scholar thought over it before choosing a fourth direction, rapidly leaving Tai Qiu.


 After he left, the immortals landed one by one, getting their own clues and leaving in the directions they chose.


 In the end, only Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals were left.


 “These Gu Immortals are so crafty, no one destroyed the teleportation Gu formation.”


 “Even if they destroyed it, clues would still remain. These demonic path Gu Immortals have survived until today, they are not people who would do such strenuous and unrewarding tasks.”


 “That’s right, they are hoping that even if they went the wrong direction, someone would find the real route. By then, if there is any commotion, they would rush over immediately.”


 “Alright, let’s go down and see what clues there are.”



***
Chapter 784 - Ordinary Desolate Beasts Are Not My Match


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Alright, let us go down as well and see what clues there are.” Dong Fang Wan Xiu dispelled his concealment methods and moved to the spot where Dong Fang Yu Liang disappeared.


 “Wasn’t first supreme elder given special care by Lord Dong Fang Chang Fan before death?” A Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortal asked with some doubts.


 “Yes, first supreme elder specially convened us to come together, there are none of us Gu Immortals currently with the tribe.”


 “I was still thinking first elder would already have some clues.”


 The Gu Immortals expressed their worries.


 Dong Fang Wan Xiu heaved a long sigh, speaking in a bleak tone: “Don’t call me first supreme elder, in my heart, only Lord Dong Fang Chang Fan can be our tribe’s first supreme elder.”


 “We all know Lord Wan Xiu was nurtured by Lord Chang Fan. But now, Lord Chang Fan has already passed away, who can avoid dying in this world? In my opinion, we should focus on the present.”


 “Right. Now, Lord Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance has attracted so many demonic path Gu Immortals. Our tribe might be one of the super forces, but any carelessness could result in a catastrophic danger. We need to handle this prudently and safely.”


 “If not for Lord Wan Xiu honestly explaining that these are Lord Chang Fan’s arrangements before death, we would have left behind at least one Gu Immortal to guard against any accidents and protect our tribe’s seeds. Unlike now, where we have all gathered here.”


 The Gu Immortals followed closely behind Dong Fang Wan Xiu, speaking one after another.


 Dong Fang Wan Xiu waved his hand: “There is no need to worry, I might not have the correct clues, but I know the method to get those clues.”


 He then closed his eyes and probed clues from the aura left behind by the teleportation Gu formation.


 The Gu formation’s aura kept on changing, Dong Fang Wan Xiu got different results every time he checked.


 Dong Fang Wan Xiu followed the instructions Dong Fang Chang Fan gave him before death, engraving these aura clues in memory, comparing and examining them.


 After a while, he slowly opened his eyes and flew to the sky, saying to the rest: “Follow me.”


 ...


 “Where is this?” Dong Fang Yu Liang slowly woke up from his state of unconsciousness, his gaze turned from blurry to clear.


 He had a terrible headache, and in fact, not only did his head hurt, his entire body was covered in wounds of all sizes, blood flowed from his internal organs and bones were fractured in many areas.


 “According to the map left by Lord Chang Fan, we have only traveled half the path, how did we suddenly arrive here?” Dong Fang Yu Liang was puzzled, pondering on this while treating the wounds.


 With his rank five peak stage cultivation and methods, the injuries on his body were soon being healed.


 “I remember that when we meditated to absorb primeval energy from primeval stones, the teleportation Gu formation suddenly activated and sent us here. Could it be that the map Lord Dong Fang Chang Fan gave me is actually fake? Maybe the latter half is fake and the true final point is midway through it.”


 Dong Fang Yu Liang felt his guess could be correct.


 From his understanding of Dong Fang Chang Fan, the latter indeed had such a way of doing things.


 These arrangements were set up to block the methods of other wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 Gu Immortals of other paths would be afraid of causing inadvertent damage, afraid that the clues with Dong Fang Yu Liang would be ruined as well as being wary of each other, thus they chose to stay behind and wait for the chance to move.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals, however, could search thoughts and extract the true clues of the map.


 “Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong were teleported along with me, but I see no traces of them right now. Maybe they are nearby, who knows. I should first look for them before exploring this hall.”


 After a while, Dong Fang Yu Liang healed the injuries on his body, then started searching around.


 He had found that this place was like a group of large halls, and he was inside a hall.


 The halls were beautiful but ruined, and could be considered to be a giant site of ruins.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang moved with caution, but there was no one in the hall, not to mention enemies.


 “Tan Wu Feng!”


 “Young master!”


 After walking a while, Dong Fang Yu Liang met Tan Wu Feng, who also had been looking for him.


 Not long after the two met, they found Dong Po Kong at the exit of the hall.


 Dong Po Kong was lying on the ground, still unconscious.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang and Tan Wu Feng used some methods to awaken him, the three were happy at having reunited.


 Naturally, Dong Fang Yu Liang was still the leader, he thought for a while and decided: “If I am not wrong, this should be where Lord Chang Fan set the inheritance. We have already searched the first hall but did not discover any clues, let’s take a look at the second hall.”


 Sure enough like he expected, when the three entered the second hall, they met with a test at the center of the hall.


 This was a complicated puzzle, involving a complex mystery.


 There were clues and evidence given, of which both truths and falsehoods were included. There was also a time limit, under which Dong Fang Yu Liang had to use wisdom path methods to not only search through the false clues, he also had to deduce the truth of the case.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was indeed worthy of being the successor Dong Fang Chang Fan chose, in less than one-third of the time limit, he passed the test and was richly rewarded with a set of rank five wisdom path Gu worms.


 With greatly increased strength, Dong Fang Yu Liang entered the third hall.


 This test was a remnant Gu recipe. It required Dong Fang Yu Liang to deduce the recipe within fifteen minutes.


 ...


 Boom!


 A giant strength path hand smashed down like a mountain.


 “Baaa!”


 The giant horned sheep let out miserable bleats, filled with injuries and completely suppressed by the giant hand.


 This desolate beast struggled hard several times but the giant hand still pressed down on it firmly, finally, the giant horned sheep’s energy was used up and it gave up on resisting, not moving any more.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of cloudy air, a pleased look flashing past his eyes.


 He had followed the clues in his search, but the clues turned out to be false. And when he followed the fifth clue, he came across this desolate beast, giant horned sheep.


 Fang Yuan was interested in it and started a huge battle with the giant horned sheep.


 Ever since he connected luck with Ye Fan, Hong Yi and Han Li, Fang Yuan did not have a deficit in luck. This giant horned sheep he fought did not have any difficult to handle Gu worms.


 Giant hand was extremely useful, he repeatedly used it to subdue the giant horned sheep and soon restrained it.


 There were no twists and turns during the entire battle.


 Fang Yuan’s superiority kept on accumulating until it turned into complete victory, capturing the giant horned sheep alive.


 “Giant horned sheep is purely a strength path desolate beast, I will raise it in the blessed land. At every set interval of time, I can cut off some of its flesh and use eat strength Immortal Gu to increase the strength path dao marks on my body. Who would have expected that I would be able to capture a giant horned sheep alive in this place, it is truly a surprise blessing.”


 Fang Yuan relaxed his breathing, the injuries on his immortal zombie body had already healed.


 He willed and the giant hand grabbed the giant horned sheep and transported it to his immortal aperture.


 Ever since Fang Yuan obtained eat strength Immortal Gu, he had frequently purchased strength path related food in treasure yellow heaven which came out to be a significant expense. Once or twice was okay, but as it continued on, even Fang Yuan was feeling the effect of the huge expenses.


 He had already planned to raise some strength path desolate beasts as long term investment. But the transactions of desolate beasts were rare even in treasure yellow heaven, not to mention that Fang Yuan only wanted pure strength path desolate beasts.


 “I truly made a good move by extorting self strength Immortal Gu. My battle strength has reached rank seven and the giant hand is somewhat more practical than the strength path phantom army. Ordinary desolate beasts like giant horned sheep are no longer my match. Even regarding the swamp crab which once damaged Dang Hun mountain, I should be able to face it head-on. Even if it had gruel mud Immortal Gu, I could ensure the safety of Dang Hun mountain!”


 Fang Yuan clenched his monstrous claws, enjoying the pleasure of having the situation in his grasp.


 He rested and reorganized himself leisurely with no hurry.


 He was aware of the situation: there were many wolves but only one prey. Only relying on his strength, the chances of devouring Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance were too low.


 “If nothing unexpected happens, even if this wisdom path inheritance lands in my hands, it will only be an incomplete part. Sigh, I wonder when I would be able to obtain a truly intact wisdom path inheritance?”


 As Fang Yuan thought over this, Fairy Li Shan’s message appeared in his immortal aperture.


 Fairy Li Shan’s information gathering ability was indeed superior to Fang Yuan’s. There were already some people who had discovered the true location of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s inheritance ground, and an intense battle was already underway at that area!


 Because of this loud commotion, more and more Gu Immortals were heading there.


 Fang Yuan met with Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, when they arrived at the place, a dozen or so Gu Immortals were pacing around the outer perimeter.


 “Ah, it is them.”


 “Careful, these three are extremely mysterious.”


 “I just returned from the area to the southeast, and saw that person using a giant hand to capture a desolate beast giant horned sheep alive!”


 Demonic path Gu Immortals prioritized strength.


 The strength Fang Yuan displayed made them apprehensive.


 Thus, when they slowly flew over, these Gu Immortals subconsciously parted to make way for them in the air.


 “This is the inheritance ground? Dong Fang Chang Fan indeed put much thought into this.” Fang Yuan observed from above, and soon said in a moved tone.


 Below him was the corpse of a ruin bat.


 This ruin bat was not simple, while alive, it was an immemorial desolate beast with the battle strength of a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 It was a space path desolate beast with countless space path dao marks on its body. These dao marks were influencing this space, constructing a land of illusory large halls.


 As long as someone stepped into its range, they would be dragged into the halls. Only if they were rank eight Gu Immortal, would they be able to resist this huge force.


 This ruin bat died in the depths of Tai Qiu, its presence caused there to be no desolate beasts around a huge surrounding range.


 This was a forbidden place within a forbidden place, a fierce area among fierce areas.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was also only a rank seven Gu Immortal, but he was actually able to arrange his wisdom path inheritance at this place, this was indeed another clear indication that he was worthy of being called the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal of Northern Plains, it was truly extraordinary!


 Right as the Gu Immortals were hesitating above the ruin bat’s corpse, Dong Fang Yu Liang had already been smoothly succeeding and was charging into the eighth hall.


 “My chosen inheritor, you have finally arrived.” A lump of star will condensed into Dong Fang Chang Fan’s appearance, in front of Dong Fang Yu Liang and the others.


 “Master!” Dong Fang Yu Liang prostrated with tears in his eyes.


 The star will slowly nodded and looked at Dong Fang Yu Liang: “Being able to come here shows your superior talent. This is not the final hall but it is the end of the inheritance. As long as you are able to perfect this Gu formation and successfully activate it, you can be said to have completely obtained this wisdom path inheritance and receive my wisdom path Immortal Gu!”


 “Master, I will definitely do my best.” Dong Fang Yu Liang showed an intense fighting spirit.


 “You need to be quick, there is not much time left.” The star will raised its head, gazing at the sky.



***
Chapter 785 - Phantom Beasts Obstruct The Way, Immortals Are Troubled


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bam bam bam!


 Intense explosions continued to occur.


 In the sky, Gu Immortals were fighting everywhere.


 Since they had now found the true inheritance ground, the demonic path Gu Immortals were all practical and straightforward, without much hesitation, someone flew down.


 Since Dong Fang Chang Fan chose the corpse of an immemorial ruin bat as his wisdom path inheritance ground, he naturally had his own reasons.


 The huge phantom beast army was stirred, like a giant black cloud, they rose from beneath the feet of the demonic path Gu Immortals.


 These phantom beasts were all of strange appearances, they attacked fearlessly. They were skilled at dodging, and there were several desolate beast level phantom beasts blocking the demonic path Gu Immortals.


 “Phantom beasts are normally rare, they only appear in places with numerous space path dao marks. There are so many here?” Hei Lou Lan was fighting fiercely as she cursed.


 She lost self strength Immortal Gu, her battle strength plummeted. Even though she could use strength qi Immortal Gu to replace it, and still summon the giant strength path phantom killer move, she could not show her appearance now, thus, when fighting, she was very restricted.


 “Stay calm.” Fairy Li Shan consoled: “Phantom beasts have the natural ability to turn into phantoms and avoid attacks. Inspiration for the phantom path of Gu Masters was obtained from phantom beasts by Gu Immortal Xu Wu Xie. As long as an ancient desolate beast level phantom beast doesn’t appear, we will be able to enter the corpse of the immemorial ruin bat eventually.”


 As she said this, a large group of phantom beast birds flew over.


 Fang Yuan snorted, keeping them away from the other two as he used myriad self first style, giant hand.


 A strength path giant hand appeared, stretching its fingers and grabbing.


 The strength path hand had great power, but when it grabbed, it caused little damage. In this thousand phantom beast group, only some dozens had died.


 Most of the phantom beasts had turned vague, they became nearly invisible, as they remained in their places.


 When Fang Yuan retracted his strength path hand, these phantom beasts appeared again, they became solid and had real bodies, charging towards Fang Yuan and the others again.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, next to him, Fairy Li Shan waved a hand as a sea of fire spread out.


 The fire burned in the air, over the entire surroundings, they formed a large barrier.


 The phantom beasts charged into the sea of fire, using the same ability again and avoiding the flames by turning into phantoms, their advancement did not slow down.


 But the moment they ran out of the fire, Fang Yuan had been waiting for them, he grasped with his strength path giant hand.


 Splat!


 This time, Fang Yuan grabbed onto them.


 Hundreds of phantom beasts were turned into meat paste, they lost their lives.


 The hand slowly opened up, as flesh and blood rained down from the gaps between his fingers, blood was pouring like a drizzle of rain. This group of phantom beasts had around a thousand in number, with this grasp from Fang Yuan, most of them died, the remaining ones lost their fighting spirit when faced against the imposing Fang Yuan, they scattered and escaped.


 Fang Yuan killed this group of phantom beasts so easily, but he was not smug, he had a grim expression: “The ordinary phantom beasts are still fine, they can only turn into phantoms for a short while, we can eradicate them with some cooperation. But the problem lies in the desolate beast level phantom beasts.”


 Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan nodded.


 They were observing the surroundings and paying attention to the battles elsewhere.


 Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, the two rank seven Gu Immortals were fighting with two desolate level phantom beasts each. Desolate level phantom beasts were truly special, they could turn into phantoms for a long time. Thus, even though they were rank six, they were hard to deal with, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han could not take them down even though they hurried to do so.


 But the two had rich experience, after fighting for a while, they recognized the situation and became less rash, they started to deal with the situation calmly.


 In contrast, Lu Qing Ming’s side was in a dangerous situation.


 One desolate level phantom beast turned phantom, its speed rose quickly as it charged towards Gu Immortal Han Dong, who was beside Lu Qing Ming.


 Han Dong was caught off guard, he was inside the phantom beast’s body.


 After turning phantom, Han Dong could not touch the phantom beast, but the phantom beast also could not touch Han Dong.


 But at the next moment, the phantom beast became solid.


 Han Dong was inside the phantom beast’s body, once this happened, he entered the phantom beast’s stomach.


 The phantom beast growled proudly, it flew away and left with Han Dong, leaving Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang behind.


 Lu Qing Ming, Han Dong, and Su Guang were the Traveling Three Elites, when they joined forces, they could match a rank seven Gu Immortal. But they were cooperating when doing that, they were not as powerful individually.


 Once Han Dong was gone, the remaining two Gu Immortals’ battle strength fell drastically, they were no longer as imposing as before.


 The two were anxious, they chased and attempted to save Han Dong.


 The phantom beast that engulfed Han Dong flew down rapidly, it endured Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang’s attacks without turning phantom again.


 Han Dong was attacking it from within its stomach as well, this phantom beast was attacked from both inside and outside, along the way, it was clearly troubled, it was spitting blood.


 “Why is this phantom beast so stubborn? Earlier when we fought, they would all turn phantom the moment any attacks got close. Quickly turn phantom now!” Su Guang shouted anxiously.


 Lu Qing Ming’s face was grim: “Can you still not tell? There is a mastermind behind this. Dong Fang Chang Fan, I underestimated you...”


 In a hall within the ruins, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will watched the sky with his hands behind his back.


 His body was shining in starlight, his thick and condensed body was shrinking rapidly, becoming more dispersed.


 This was the ability of the number one wisdom path immortal in Northern Plains.


 Even though he had died, the methods he left behind could still be used, controlling this phantom beast army, to fight for precious time for his inheritor.


 “Quick, faster! Just a bit faster!” Behind him, Dong Fang Yu Liang was full of sweat as he squeezed out all of his potential, trying to finish this Gu formation.


 This Gu formation was the final test.


 After he passed it, he would obtain Dong Fang Chang Fan’s Immortal Gu, the core essence of the wisdom path inheritance!


 In the air, seeing that the desolate level phantom beast was bringing Han Dong back to its home, Su Guang, who could not catch up, showed a look of despair: “To think that Dong Fang Chang Fan had such incredible enslavement path methods, he really concealed them deeply. Brother Han Dong will be in deep trouble if he can’t escape, what shall we do?!”


 “Enslavement path, wisdom path, and soul path are all very similar, they almost have the same origins, that is not strange.” Lu Qing Ming’s eyes shined with a determined light: “But Dong Fang Chang Fan, we feared you when you were alive, avoiding you and your deductions. Now that you are dead, you are still causing trouble for us, but do you think such methods are enough to take us down, you are looking down on the talents of this world!”


 Saying so, his body shook as his arms spread open, resembling a bird spreading its wings.


 At the next moment, his arms swung in front of his chest, without bending at all, as his hands clapped in front of him.


 With a loud, crisp sound, an intense wind blew from the force of his clap.


 The wind danced in the air, forming tens of thousands of wind blades in the air!


 The wind blades spun around each other, forming a ball shaped mass resembling dark green vines, they intertwined together as they were sent attacking at the desolate level phantom beast.


 “It’s here! Brother Lu’s immortal killer move — Entangled Wind!” Su Guang’s expression lightened.


 He knew the power of this immortal killer move, if used on the phantom beast, it would definitely suffer a huge blow, Han Dong would be saved.


 Furthermore, this move, entangled wind, was strong and incredible, it was a famed move of Lu Qing Ming, it could be manipulated at will, the wind blades could gather and separate with just his thoughts.


 That was why, even if the phantom beast turned phantom the moment it was hit, causing entangled wind to hit Han Dong, Lu Qing Ming could still separate entangled wind in time using his own strength.


 Once entangled wind was split up, even though the attack range would increase, its power would reduce, Han Dong would survive it.


 But just when he was about to succeed, a vine dragon flew over, targeting the entangled wind.


 “Unfettered Scholar, don’t even think about it!” Su Guang saw this and stared with a furious expression, he hurriedly used his killer move to block the vine dragon.


 A water lotus appeared below the entangled wind all of a sudden.


 This was the action of the rank seven Gu Immortal, Pi Shui Han, who freed himself for a moment.


 Lu Qing Ming snorted coldly as the entangled wind split up, a small portion of it could not dodge and entered the water lotus. But most of the wind blades dodged the water lotus and gathered together again, forming a smaller entangled wind, and charging towards the desolate level phantom beast.


 But right at this moment, a strength path giant hand came out of the clouds and grabbed the entangled wind.


 With a loud bang, the strength path giant hand and the entangle wind both dissipated.


 The desolate level phantom beast found an opening and landed on the palace below. With a ripple in space, it vanished.


 “Ah!” Success had been just around the corner, Su Guang growled loudly in anger, turning towards Fang Yuan with a furious expression: “I will kill you!”


 Fang Yuan snickered coldly, he waved his finger at Su Guang.


 Su Guang was about to attack, but Lu Qing Ming flew over and stopped him in time.


 “Stay calm, Su Guang!” Lu Qing Ming’s eyes were blood red: “We will definitely take revenge for this later, but now, the urgent matter is to save Han Dong.”


 Thinking of Han Dong, Su Guang controlled his anger and clenched his fist, veins could be seen on his forehead: “Brother Lu is right, only after finding Han Dong, we would have rank seven battle strength by combining our strength!”


 Before this, only the two of them were left. Finding trouble with a rank seven battle strength expert like Fang Yuan was just asking for humiliation.


 The two talked at a low volume for a while, before turning around and attacking the palace below.


 The palace was unmoving from start to end, it was only a mirage. As space rippled again, three new desolate level phantom beasts flew out, blocking Su Guang and Lu Qing Ming.


 But this time, Su Guang and Lu Qing Ming wanted to save someone, they went all out and stopped preserving their strength, the three desolate level phantom beasts were pushed back.


 Pi Shui Han saw this and laughed coldly, this was the result he wanted to see.


 Demonic path Gu Immortals were wary of each other, until the last moment, nobody would go all out. With Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang leading the way, everything would be much easier.


 “Most importantly, they lost their rank seven battle strength. I have one less true competitor now.” At another side, Unfettered Scholar smiled, as he dealt with the desolate level phantom beast, he looked at Pi Shui Han and Fang Yuan.


 Especially when he saw that Fang Yuan and the others were still standing in a spot without a desolate level phantom beast fighting them, a solemn gaze flashed across his eyes.


 “These three are having it easy, this is not a good thing.” Unfettered Scholar moved as he thought, luring the desolate level phantom beast towards Fang Yuan and the others.


 Fang Yuan had already been paying attention to the surroundings, seeing this, his gaze was cold.


 He retreated as he stretched out both hands.


 Two giant hands flew out, charging towards Unfettered Scholar without any restraints.


 At the same time, a third giant hand appeared behind him, protecting him from his surroundings.


 “He can actually use three hands at once?” Unfettered Scholar’s movements paused, the wariness in his mind intensified.


 Just as they were all harrying and plotting against each other, an elderly Gu Immortal appeared silently behind Dong Fang Yu Liang, who was in the large hall.


 His eyes were shining with divine brilliance, his gaze swept across Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will, as well as Dong Fang Yu Liang who was working hard, he stared at the walls of the hall and the huge Gu formation on the ground.


 “Good formation, good formation. Even I, Old Lord Can Yang, am seeing this for the first time in my life.” He praised continuously.



***
Chapter 786 - One Against Two Rank Sevens


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Who are you?” Dong Fang Yu Liang saw Old Lord Can Yang and was shocked.


 Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong were vigilant, the aura Old Lord Can Yang naturally sent out made them feel a strong sense of fear.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will slowly turned around, saying to Old Lord Can Yang calmly: “You are also here to inherit my wisdom path inheritance?”


 Old Lord Can Yang was slightly stunned, after assessing the star will, he said with a tone of surprise: “Oh, I am also qualified?”


 “You could pass the test, you are a capable person. Since you appeared at this moment, you have an affinity with the inheritance. The wisdom path inheritance that I, Dong Fang Chang Fan, left behind cannot be passed down to those cowardly and useless people, that would just be ruining my reputation, and letting our descendants laugh at the great wisdom path Gu Immortal who can’t even arrange his posthumous matters properly, isn’t that right?”


 The star will paused for a moment before continuing: “Since you have shown your outstanding skill, you naturally have the qualifications to inherit my wisdom path inheritance. But this lad was picked by my main body, now that he is in the test, you cannot obstruct him. If he succeeds, you will not be able to get it. But if he fails, you are allowed to try.”


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan, you are indeed peerless within Northern Plains, you had such a disposition.” Old Lord Can Yang looked at Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will, sighing as he spoke matter-of-factly: “I was going to snatch it forcefully, but since this is the case, I do not mind waiting.”


 Old Lord Can Yang was indeed powerful, but this place was arranged by Dong Fang Chang Fan, even if he snatched it, he would only get an incomplete wisdom path inheritance.


 For wisdom path inheritances, the more complete they are, the more valuable they will be.


 Since there was a possibility of obtaining a complete wisdom path inheritance, Old Lord Can Yang did not want to lose it.


 His gaze went from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will to Dong Fang Yu Liang, after looking at him for a while, he turned to Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong.


 Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong had been completely on alert since he appeared.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s gaze was very calm, but for Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong, they felt as if a fire alarm was blaring. An immense sense of danger was filling them.


 “What are you thinking of doing?” Dong Fang Yu Liang sensed something amiss, he shouted loudly.


 Old Lord Can Yang snickered, he did not move, but Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong’s bodies had ignited on the spot!


 “Ah—!” The two screamed out shrilly, they collapsed on the floor and struggled intensely. But the yellow-green flames continued to burn, it roasted these two rank five Gu Masters and made them feel pain that could make one wish for death.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s face showed a cold and cruel smile.


 His intention was to deal with Dong Fang Yu Liang. If he failed, the opportunity would come.


 But if he wanted to exterminate Dong Fang Yu Liang, the star will at the side would not allow it, this would cause Old Lord Can Yang to lose his opportunity. Thus, Old Lord Can Yang targeted Dong Po Kong and Tan Wu Feng.


 To Dong Fang Yu Liang, these two people were loyal subordinates, they were his right-hand men.


 He was naturally affected greatly, he was also an astute person, he knelt down and begged Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will for help: “Master, without these two, I would not have made it here, please save them!”


 Star will waved its sleeves, it said coldly: “Mercy does not suit an army commander, kindness does not suit scheming. Dong Fang Yu Liang, you are the disciple of my main body, but my main body is dead, I am only a star will left behind, my main purpose is to find a suitable inheritor for this inheritance. The help I gave you has already reached its limit, there is no use even if you beg me. Rather than wasting time here, I would rather you use your time well and complete the Gu formation, passing the test.”


 The star will said that out loud, but at the same time, a voice was transmitted into Dong Fang Yu Liang’s mind: “Yu Liang, oh Yu Liang, the situation is extremely dangerous, this Gu Immortal is a huge threat, he has great battle strength, even my main body would be wary of him. Furthermore, I am only a will now, I deceived and managed to stall him, you have to quickly complete this Gu formation. This formation is both an inheritance and also a way to deter enemies. If you can complete it in time, you will be able to use it to challenge Gu Immortals! By then, you might be able to save your two subordinates’ lives!”


 Land spirits were pure, they never lied, their actions and words were all truthful. But the star will was a will, it could lie.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang heard the star will’s transmission and his heart shook, he finally understood the star will’s difficulty, he shouted loudly as he stood up, he screamed at Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong: “Brothers, you have to hang in there! I will definitely save your lives!”


 Saying this, he turned back with tears in his eyes, continuing to complete the Gu formation.


 Old Lord Can Yang frowned, he willed and the fire became larger, Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong’s faces contorted from pain, their painful cries became twice as loud.


 Even though they cried out in grievous pain, they could not die. Rank five Gu Masters were at the peak of the mortal world, but in front of a person like Old Lord Can Yang, they were like wooden puppets, they were completely controlled, they could not die even if they wanted to!


 As Dong Fang Yu Liang heard the cries, his mind became clearer, his gaze became more firm, he was not overrun by anger and hatred, instead, his eyes started bleeding, this was the result of him deducing intensely and expending his mental strength.


 Old Lord Can Yang tortured the two and saw no effect, instead it made Dong Fang Yu Liang try even harder. The incomplete Gu formation was being constructed at a faster pace.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s face showed some worry.


 At this rate, if Dong Fang Yu Liang succeeds, his plans would be ruined.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang had quite a chance to succeed, not only because he was doing well now, but because he was the person chosen by Dong Fang Chang Fan, he had to have potential.


 If Dong Fang Yu Liang obtained the inheritance, with Old Lord Can Yang’s battle strength, there was a possibility that he could snatch it.


 But the problem was his Central Continent identity, he was a Central Continent Gu Immortal, coming to Northern Plains was risky in itself.


 The five regions in this world, no matter which one, were hostile to foreigners.


 Especially in Northern Plains, now that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had collapsed, there was a huge wave of commotion, if his Central Continent Gu Immortal identity was exposed, there would be huge trouble.


 Thus, Old Lord Can Yang would rather move secretly, trying to save time and keep himself concealed, he would want to avoid any battle.


 Old Lord Can Yang took a look at Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will, his gaze flickering with uncertainty.


 He felt an urge to attack Dong Fang Yu Liang secretly! But he was afraid that he would lose the opportunity because of this, if he lost this chance, in the end he would only obtain an incomplete inheritance, it had little value.


 But he was afraid of the star will lying.


 With Old Lord Can Yang’s experience, he knew the difference between wills and land spirits.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all, even the star will that he left behind after dying could influence a strong foe like Old Lord Can Yang and make him uncertain with just a few words.


 Outside in the sky, Gu Immortals and phantom beasts were fighting chaotically.


 Unfettered Scholar saw Fang Yuan’s three hands, his wariness increased. He only froze momentarily, soon, he raised his speed and charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Even though he was facing two strength path hands, he did not have any intention of retreating, he wanted to force Fang Yuan and the others into trouble, to probe their true abilities.


 Fang Yuan saw that he did not manage to deter Unfettered Scholar, he was not upset, he manipulated the two hands and without any scruples, attacked Unfettered Scholar.


 “He dared to attack?”


 “He really attacked, hehe, between two rank seven battle strengths, this will be a good show!”


 “I have to hide far away, to not get dragged in.”


 The surrounding Gu Immortals retreated, leaving a huge space for Fang Yuan and Unfettered Scholar to fight.


 Unfettered Scholar was agile, even though Fang Yuan’s two hands grabbed, they could not touch even his clothes.


 Unfettered Scholar was dressed in a white robe, he wore a tall hat and had black hair, he flew like an agile crane, free and unrestricted.


 Seeing the two hands fail in getting him, Fang Yuan’s body shook as two more hands showed up.


 Along with the strength path giant hand protecting his body, he summoned a total of five giant hands!


 Each of his strength path giant hands took the strength of twenty thousand strength path phantoms in Fang Yuan’s aperture, gathering and focusing on one of Fang Yuan’s arms.


 This was his current limit.


 In accordance with Fang Yuan’s current body toughness, he could only take the strength of twenty thousand phantoms each. Any more and his arms would break apart even before attacking.


 But do not forget, Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body was an eight armed zombie!


 He had eight arms, if he used all of them, he would be able to summon eight strength path giant hands!


 Five was not his limit yet!


 Four of the strength path giant hands flew in the air, attacking Unfettered Scholar.


 The latter was still safe and sound even though it was harder now, he laughed loudly, shouting at Fang Yuan: “Sir, is that all you can do?”


 He called himself unfettered, he was naturally skilled at movement. Fang Yuan’s strength path giant hands were powerful, but they were not fast, they could do nothing to Unfettered Scholar.


 Unless Unfettered Scholar made a mistake, there was no chance of Fang Yuan capturing him.


 This was the limitation of giant hand.


 Giant hand was powerful, but it had weaknesses.


 Every immortal killer move had their own strengths and weaknesses.


 Although Unfettered Scholar was leading in the battle, he was shocked inside.


 The battle strength that Fang Yuan displayed made him feel heavy. Especially with Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan standing behind Fang Yuan, fighting with minimal force, could those two be even more powerful?


 “Even if Unfettered Scholar himself fought, he could not force out the true strength of these three people?” At another side, Pi Shui Han was also suspicious: “This can’t continue!”


 His gaze was determined, the waves below his feet split, a wave that was more than a hundred feet tall crashed at Fang Yuan and the others.


 Actually, Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were not on good terms, they even had fought with each other previously, they had old grudges. But right now, after seeing Fang Yuan’s strength, Pi Shui Han was not an ordinary character either, he put down his grudge and turned his firepower towards Fang Yuan, assisting Unfettered Scholar.


 The two rank seven Gu Immortals attacked Fang Yuan, the other Gu Immortals quickly retreated.


 “Come then!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, he had no fear, three more hands flew out.


 A total of eight strength path giant hands, three were blocking Unfettered Scholar, three were flying at Pi Shui Han, the last two were floating around him, prepared and ready to strike, it gave others a huge sense of threat.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s bodies also gave off Immortal Gu auras.


 These Immortal Gu auras were not just one each. They each had at least two auras, they oozed out, unconcealed.


 But just this could not scare off Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han.


 The two looked at each other before one of them shouted: “Having so many Immortal Gu, you three must be famous experts, you are hiding your identities so deeply, don’t tell me you are righteous path Gu Immortals?”


 The other person, Unfettered Scholar, shouted: “I am familiar with many Northern Plains Gu Immortals. I wonder which old friend could be playing a joke on me? Or perhaps none of you are Northern Plains Gu Immortals!”


 Both of their words were deadly, one was slandering them to be righteous path Gu Immortals, they were trying to set them apart from the demonic path cultivators. The other was more ruthless, he said that Fang Yuan and the others were not people from Northern Plains, he was trying to stir up the feeling of a common enemy in these demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Gu Immortals were all calculating and scheming people, when they fought, it was not just using swords and blades, they fought using words, they competed in terms of wisdom and strategy.



***
Chapter 787 - Plotting For The Tribe Even After Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ever since Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, and Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, the entirety of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world had stirred up in shock, they were trying to find the culprit behind this.


 Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han had malicious intentions, not only did they join up and attack Fang Yuan together, they even slandered and tried to isolate him.


 By now, Fang Yuan had to speak: “Are you two trying to slander me into doing something foolish? Hehe, you are looking down on me, you are looking down on all our fellow immortals here. I am a true Northern Plains Gu Immortal, my Northern Plains aura is clear for everyone to see. If you want to defame me, you should at least make a credible lie.”


 The other demonic path Gu Immortals retreated even further now.


 Hei Lou Lan’s mouth twitched.


 Fang Yuan obviously was the culprit behind it all, but he was speaking now like he was innocent, with such confidence.


 Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han did not know that although they were deliberately making slander, they actually hit the truth. The one who caused Imperial Court blessed land’s destruction, who else could it be but Fang Yuan?


 The contest of words was countered by Fang Yuan, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han did not speak, they attacked even more fiercely.


 Being attacked at once by two rank sevens, Fang Yuan’s forehead became covered in sweat quickly, he defended himself from all directions, he was barely holding on.


 After all, he was only a rank six immortal zombie, while his opponents were true rank seven Gu Immortals.


 In terms of cultivation level, there was a huge difference.


 Fang Yuan relied on the immortal killer move myriad self to display rank seven battle strength, but the longer the strength path giant hands were used, the more Fang Yuan’s arms would be unable to sustain the burden, they would gradually reach the point of exploding into meat paste.


 “I have a wood path killer move, but it is a trump card of mine, I barely use it normally. It can be used on one of the enemies, and possibly gravely injure them. But I will need you to restrict them and move the location elsewhere.” Fairy Li Shan saw that Fang Yuan was at a disadvantage, she was anxious and transmitted this to him.


 Fang Yuan shook his head as he smiled bitterly, replying: “The strength path giant hands have incredible power, but they are slow, it is extremely difficult to trap any one of them, there is little hope. Fairy, you can wait for a moment, I still have a plan. If this fails, it will not be too late for you to strike.”


 “Oh?” Fairy Li Shan heard this and held in her anxiety.


 After several rounds, Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were closing in, Fang Yuan’s disadvantage was getting higher.


 “Now is the time.” A bright flash shined across Fang Yuan’s eyes, he manipulated six strength path giant hands as he slammed down.


 Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were both below the giant hands, they felt a strong pressure coming down from above, slamming towards them.


 At once, the air seemed to have frozen.


 The giant hands whipped up strong winds, causing Unfettered Scholar’s clothes to flutter, as Pi Shui Han’s expression tensed.


 The strength path giant hands slammed down together, they were so fierce that the onlookers’ hearts jumped.


 But Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were already familiar with the strength path giant hands, the former scoffed while the latter smiled lightly, they used their movement killer moves and avoided the hands.


 But Fang Yuan acted differently from before, he did not stop his attack, he continued exerting force, slamming the six giant hands down on the ground.


 This change caught everyone off guard, even Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will below became stunned.


 “Oh no.” The star will’s expression changed, he wanted to stop it but it was too late.


 Boom!


 Six strength path giant hands slammed down in the air, causing ripples to appear in the space, the loud sound was like the boom of thunder.


 Countless space path dao marks embedded in the air were smashed by the strength path giant hands.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s arrangements were destroyed, the concealment illusion was gone, the immemorial desolate beast level ruin bat corpse’s true appearance was exposed.


 What a huge ruin bat!


 Its body was sprawled flat on the ground, but it was still hundreds of meters in size. Its wings were thick and huge, covering a few li of sand.


 The bat wings were slightly lower, while the head was the highest, looking upon it from a high altitude, it resembled a small mountain.


 On the ruin bat’s back, there was a huge wound.


 The wound was extremely deep, Fang Yuan looked at it and knew that it was the ruin bat’s fatal injury, but he did not know which existence caused it.


 At the periphery of the injury, the flesh and fur of the ruin bat was corroded, showing its white bones. On the skeleton, there were extremely thick space path dao marks, interweaved together to conjure a small space.


 Inside this space, there was a hall that was so run-down it looked like ruins.


 Fang Yuan’s six strength path giant hands had already broken into this small space, it was connected to the outside world now.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan’s arrangements were broken!”


 “His inheritance is inside, whoever snatches it first gets it!”


 “Fight, fight our way in.”


 Wealth moved people’s hearts, the inheritance of Northern Plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in this generation, to the demonic path Gu Immortals, it was extremely attractive.


 Fang Yuan opened a pathway directly, it triggered the greed in all of the demonic path Gu Immortals.


 The first demonic path Gu Immortal flew down, causing the other demonic path Gu Immortals to feel an intense sense of urgency, they rushed down one after another.


 Unfettered Scholar was hesitant, while Pi Shui Han had already given up on Fang Yuan, he flew into the tunnel below.


 Unfettered Scholar sighed lightly, looking at Fang Yuan deeply, he turned into a white light and fought his way into the tunnel.


 But at the next moment, six brand new desolate level phantom beasts, as well as an ancient desolate level phantom beast flew out of the small space, colliding with all of the demonic path Gu Immortals.


 The two sides fought in a chaotic mess again.


 “There is definitely someone manipulating this.” Fang Yuan saw this and squinted, slightly shocked inside.


 Old Lord Can Yang was also shocked, the situation was getting more urgent, seemingly thoroughly sobering him.


 Snorting coldly, a cruel smile appeared on his face, as a huge flame turned Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong into charcoal.


 These two poor rank fives, at the peak of the mortal world, they had a tough journey in following Dong Fang Yu Liang, reaching this stage. In the end, they were killed by Old Lord Can Yang in an instant, burnt to death.


 At the same time, as Old Lord Can Yang snorted coldly, Dong Fang Yu Liang, who was working hard, spat out blood like he was struck by lightning, he knelt on the ground.


 “Old scoundrel, you killed my subordinates, and still dare to attack me!” Dong Fang Yu Liang struggled to get up, he was shouting in anger and hatred.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s eyes darted around, he sneered: “Don’t frame me, I did nothing.”


 In saying this, the corners of his eyes were locked on Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will.


 This was Old Lord Can Yang’s probe, to see if this star will’s methods were real or not.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will saw this and heaved a long sigh, saying: “It has gotten to this point, so be it, everyone come out.”


 Once he said that, a change occurred.


 In the hall, a mysterious light burst out.


 When the light faded, eight Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals appeared together, they were surrounding Old Lord Can Yang in the middle as they shouted:


 “Old scoundrel, you dare to target our tribe’s inheritance, your death date will be today.”


 “Although this old scoundrel is despicable, the traitor in our tribe is even more deplorable!”


 “Quickly tell us, who was the one who informed you in secret?”


 Old Lord Can Yang was no longer calm, panic flashed across his eyes as he looked at the star will with much rage and shock: “So this was a plot against me!”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will nodded: “Indeed. Before my main body died, I had instructed Dong Fang Wan Xiu and taught him the correct method. Using this, he obtained the secret passageway from the teleportation Gu formation. He told the seven Gu Immortals around him this secret passageway. After that, on the way here, they met with my arrangements and were attacked by the desolate beasts, keeping them busy.”


 “Meanwhile, the traitor in my tribe is evidently among these eight. The traitor was stalled by the desolate beasts and could not come here. Afraid that the wisdom path inheritance would end up in the hands of others, he sent this secret information using a certain method to you. After receiving the information, you surpassed the other demonic path Gu Immortals and arrived here first.”


 Old Lord Can Yang’s expression was grim, he stared at the star will as he said eerily: “So that is it. Even though you knew that Dong Fang tribe had a traitor, you did not know who it was.”


 “That is correct.” Star will nodded: “But now it seems, the traitor is among these eight.”


 “Who was it, who betrayed our bloodline, who betrayed our tribe!” Dong Fang Wan Xiu screamed.


 “At this point, you have already exposed some clues, it will only take some effort to find you, why are you not owning up?” Dong Fang Yi Kong clenched his fists in anger.


 The other Gu Immortals looked at each other, some had solemn expressions while the others had a furious look.


 The situation was in a deadlock.


 Dong Fang tribe had eight Gu Immortals, but they were all rank six. Old Lord Can Yang was a true rank seven, and an expert even among rank sevens.


 Even though Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals were greater in numbers, they knew that one of them was a traitor, that caused them to be wary of each other, they did not attack directly.


 Old Lord Can Yang frowned slowly, looking at the star will: “Wait, since you saw through the plot and were targeting me from the start, you could have triggered the arrangements before I entered, why did you wait until now?”


 The star will stood on the spot, refusing to answer him.


 Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals also did not speak.


 The hall fell into silence, noises of the intense battles from above could be heard.


 Old Lord Can Yang twitched in sudden understanding: “I get it, you want to borrow my strength to deal with these demonic path Gu Immortals. All you need to do is to intentionally make Dong Fang Yu Liang fail, and I would think that I could compete for this inheritance. By then, all of the demonic path Gu Immortals outside would be my enemies. Of course, with your wisdom, you can certainly think of another, better method to make me your pawn. When these demonic path Gu Immortals and I fight it out and become weakened, your Gu Immortals would be able to reap more profits. It is a good plan, what a great scheme...”


 “Unfortunately, any sort of arrangement is not safe from accidents.” The star will said, acknowledging Old Lord Can Yang’s guess.


 This accident was Fang Yuan’s six strength path giant hands.


 “Teacher...” Dong Fang Yu Liang was standing stunned on the spot, the scene in front of him made him feel helpless, he was both joyful and sorrowful.


 He was joyful because the enemy was restricted, the tribe was prepared for it. He was sorrowful because he was just bait, he was a pawn meant to attract the enemy. His hard work, Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong’s sacrifice, they seemed like foolish, laughable jokes.


 As if he sensed Dong Fang Yu Liang’s thoughts, the star will turned around and looked at the inheritor that he chose: “Yu Liang, you do not need to think too deeply about it, I was using the wisdom path inheritance to trap our strong foes and exterminate the traitor in our tribe. But the arrangement here is real, the wisdom path inheritance is also real. This enemy has a huge background, he is from Immortal Crane Sect, one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent. They also have their wisdom path Gu Immortals. It is only when I place the true wisdom path inheritance here, that I would not leave behind any flaws that would allow the enemy’s wisdom path Gu Immortals to find out.”


 “So that’s it!” Dong Fang Yu Liang’s heart shook, he felt ashamed but also deep admiration.


 He was ashamed about his own foolish thoughts, he was also admiring his teacher Dong Fang Chang Fan. The latter taught him painstakingly, even after death, he plotted and attempted to protect Dong Fang tribe, eliminating their traitor.


 The enemy was so strong, Dong Fang Chang Fan made such an arrangement due to his wisdom, but also because he was helpless against such a strong foe.


 After experiencing the difficulty that his teacher was feeling, Dong Fang Yu Liang felt even more deeply ashamed of himself.



***
Chapter 788 - Cards Revealed, The True Traitors Identity


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Alright, Yu Liang, go and complete the Gu formation, as long as you go through this last round, you will be able to obtain my main body’s true inheritance. As for you, Old Lord Can Yang, you will die here today.” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will said slowly.


 Old Lord Can Yang took a step back, he spoke arrogantly: “Hmph, although I am alone, you are only a group of rank six along with a mere will, you want to take my life? Don’t forget that my ally is among you. There are also demonic path Gu Immortals outside, they are like hungry wolves, your phantom beasts can’t hold them off for long.”


 Although he said that, his face showed a vigilant and alert expression.


 To live to his age, and obtain such accomplishments, a vigilant nature was a necessary trait.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s words were true, he attacked Dong Fang tribe’s weakness.


 That was also why Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals did not attack rashly despite having an advantage in numbers.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will laughed: “During the Remote Antiquity Era, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the creator of wisdom path, died, but she deduced matters over a million years after her death. It caused three future Demon Venerables to return empty handed, protecting Heavenly Court. Although I, Dong Fang Chang Fan, am far inferior to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, I can still somewhat deduce matters within a hundred years after my demise. Since I made such an arrangement, I have my trump cards.”


 Saying so, an illusory Gu formation appeared in the hall.


 Countless Gu worms flew around, they were like the threads of countless spiders, weaved in the large hall.


 Compared to this new formation, the Gu formation that Dong Fang Yu Liang was completing resembled a baby in front of an adult.


 Old Lord Can Yang saw this and his expression turned ugly: “This is a phantom formation! To think that you, Dong Fang Chang Fan, had such deep attainment in phantom path, you can actually set up a phantom formation!”


 Ordinary Gu formations, once exposed, were easy to target and destroy.


 That was because the Gu worms that made up the Gu formation were of solid form.


 The Gu worms themselves were very fragile, even the immortal level Spring Autumn Cicada could be destroyed by Fang Yuan if he squeezed it between his fingers lightly.


 But this phantom formation was a high level method involving phantom path, it made all of the Gu worms in the Gu formation turn phantom, while not obstructing the effect of the Gu formation itself.


 The phantom beasts could hold off Fang Yuan and the other demonic path Gu Immortals for so long because of their ability to turn phantom. Once they turned phantom, no moves would have any effect on them.


 The star will displayed the Gu formation outright, not afraid of Old Lord Can Yang destroying it, that was because the Gu formation had turned phantom, Old Lord Can Yang could only watch it activate, there was nothing he could do.


 As the Gu formation started to activate, a blinding light filled the hall.


 “Hahaha.” Old Lord Can Yang laughed loudly: “Since I cannot do anything to the phantom formation, I will kill all of you instead!”


 “Everyone, be careful!”


 “He is attacking!”


 “Beware of the traitor, do not be too careless. This is a life-and-death moment for our tribe!”


 “That’s right, as long as we survive this, all will be smooth sailing.”


 The Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals were all waiting in seriousness, they were deeply focused.


 “Everyone, don’t be anxious, for the time being, he can’t get here.” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will was very calm.


 At the next moment, Old Lord Can Yang charged over, but his movements were very slow.


 The fire that he shot out was originally very fast, but now it was slow like a snail.


 “This is?” Old Lord Can Yang quickly realized that he did not become slower, instead, a mystical change had occurred to the space in front of him that could not be observed with the naked eye.


 The distance seemed short, but the space was condensed.


 “I spent decades and immense effort to design this. Although this hall looks ordinary and is no different from the other halls, I had shifted most of the space path dao marks on the corpse here. Although we and Old Lord Can Yang are only tens of steps apart, our true distance is gigantic.” The star will said slowly.


 “As expected of Lord Dong Fang Chang Fan!” Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals were relieved, their eyes were shining as they looked at the star will with much admiration.


 The star will nodded: “Now is the crucial moment, I will tell you the truth. This formation is a large formation. With my wisdom path Immortal Gu as the core, and blood path Immortal Gu as support, once activated, the power will be overwhelming, it can shake heaven and earth. Furthermore, because of the blood path Immortal Gu, it has an amazing effect against Gu Immortals. As long as the Gu formation is activated, not only can it kill Old Lord Can Yang, it can even slaughter all of the demonic path Gu Immortals in the sky. After this battle, my Dong Fang tribe will be renowned in Northern Plains, both the righteous and demonic paths, and the other major forces would be greatly wary of us. After this battle ends, your can move this formation back to our blessed land. If Yu Liang can obtain my inheritance, he will be the person in charge of controlling this formation.”


 Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals heard this and became excited.


 In contrast, Old Lord Can Yang’s expression was unable to conceal his suspicion and wariness.


 The star will continued: “My main body had formed an agreement with the righteous path super forces before dying, creating an alliance, but in this world, only power that one has in their own hands can best ensure safety. You must remember, do not unnecessarily place hope in other’s hands.”


 Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals nodded, they expressed that they had learned a lesson.


 Dong Fang Yi Kong shouted: “Lord Chang Fan, our tribe still has that traitor. No matter how vigilant we are, we can’t defend against an internal threat!”


 “Don’t be anxious.” The star will laughed: “I’m not finished yet. Everything has its advantages and disadvantages, gains and losses. This Gu formation is very powerful, but it has a severe drawback. To activate this Gu formation, it will need to use the immortal aperture origin core of Gu Immortals.”


 “What?” Many of Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals shouted in shock.


 The immortal aperture origin core was the foundation of the immortal aperture, the base of it all.


 Once it was drawn out, the painstakingly developed immortal aperture would reverse its progression, the space would shrink and the primeval energy would dwindle, lifeforms within would die en masse.


 The Gu Immortal themselves would weaken instead of progressing, once the time comes, heavenly tribulations or earthly calamities in the immortal aperture would be devastating.


 The shrinking of the immortal aperture would mean the weakening of the Gu Immortal, they would die from disasters if they were not vigilant.


 Since their lives were at stake, Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals lost their bearings.


 But soon, one Gu Immortal stood up.


 It was Dong Fang Wan Xiu.


 The people in the hall heard him speak: “There cannot be benefits without losses, Lord Chang Fan had planned this with much difficulty, creating this situation now. For Dong Fang tribe, what reasons do I have not to make such a sacrifice?”


 “That’s right! Truly worthy of Lord Wan Xiu. I, Dong Fang Yi Kong, will accompany you!” Soon after, Dong Fang Yi Kong also stood up.


 The star will smiled, he was silent as he looked at the others.


 The other Gu Immortals looked at each other, nodding quickly, they decided to eliminate the tribe’s strong foes by sacrificing themselves.


 “No need to rush.” The star will waved his hand, he said slowly: “I have something else to tell all of you. Once you enter the Gu formation, the immortal aperture origin core would start being extracted, by then, none of you would not be able to move or leave forcefully. Your lives and deaths will be in my control. Are you still willing? If you are not, you can step out now.”


 The Gu Immortals’ expressions changed again.


 Dong Fang Wan Xiu’s eyes were shining with a lively light, he looked around and smiled coldly: “Traitor, you should reveal yourself now, if not, it will be too late.”


 Star will’s words were naturally for the traitor.


 As long as one thought about it, they would realize: If there was really a traitor, after hearing this, they would feel great mental pressure. Once they entered the formation, their life would not be in their own hands. If they were exposed when attacking Old Lord Can Yang later due to panic, then they would not be able to fight back at all!


 If there really was a traitor, they would have other goals and would not want to attack Old Lord Can Yang. They would not want their lives to be in the star will’s hands.


 After that, a few breaths later, none of Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals in the hall stood out.


 “Alright, at this point, I, Wan Xiu, have to admire you. No wonder you could conceal yourself in the tribe for so long, and so deeply.” Dong Fang Wan Xiu said with much hatred.


 The star will laughed lightly: “In that case, enter the formation.”


 The phantom Gu formation had eight core points, the Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals entered and occupied one each.


 The Gu formation activated slowly, the Gu Immortals’ expressions changed as they felt their immortal apertures tremble, a strong suction force was emitting from the formation.


 “Relax your mind, cooperate with the formation, let it run fully.” The star will was solemn.


 The Gu Immortals were hesitant, but they eventually opened their immortal apertures and allowed traces of their immortal aperture origin cores to be drawn out, flowing out from the eight core points of the formation.


 In the phantom formation, a faint blood-colored light quickly surfaced.


 Under the effect of the blood-colored light, these eight different immortal aperture origin cores converged in the Gu formation, they were actually fusing into one.


 “This formation is really mystical!” A Gu Immortal saw this and could not help but praise.


 “This is because all of you have Dong Fang tribe’s bloodline in you. Your bloodlines are close, your origins are the same. Therefore, your bloodlines can mix, and your immortal aperture origin can could fuse. Only by fusing could they accumulate in quantity, and summon a huge force!” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will slowly explained.


 The eight Gu Immortals in the formation nodded, Dong Fang Wan Xiu’s eyes were shining with brilliance, he looked around but could not find out any flaws that could expose the traitor.


 “No matter.” The star will laughed lightly: “In this situation, regardless of who the traitor is, they are already under my control, they are putting in strength for our tribe. Everyone, relax, I am going to extract more of your immortal aperture origin cores.”


 “Go ahead!”


 “Right, we will kill all of these accursed demonic path Gu Immortals! They dare to target our Dong Fang tribe!!”


 The phantom formation burst out in a bright light, the Gu Immortals snorted as their expressions turned dark, some of them were frowning while others were feeling discomfort and pain.


 The immortal aperture origin cores were like lumps of water as they fused in the phantom formation, converging into a huge force, they resembled a slumbering fierce beast. No matter who it was, anyone could feel that this force was huge, even the surrounding air had ripples it in, as if it could not hold such power.


 The Gu Immortals in Dong Fang tribe had red faces, some of their bodies were trembling, some of them had ruthless expressions, they were all looking forward to this rampaging power.


 But this power was not unleashed yet under the control of the star will, it was prepared for release but remained in place.


 “No need to rush.” The star will looked into the sky, at the chaotic battle.


 The phantom beasts that obstructed the demonic path Gu Immortals were all slaughtered, almost none were left.


 The star will was like a flood dragon, hiding in the river, waiting for the best time to strike.


 Once the time was right, the flood dragon would soar into the sky, overturning rivers and seas. By then, the unfortunate people would be the one charging at its front.


 Right at this time, Dong Fang Yu Liang stood up, shouting loudly: “Master, I did it, I succeeded in completing this Gu formation, I completed your request!”


 The star will’s gaze swept towards him, he showed a pleased smile: “Very good. Yu Liang, you did not disappoint me. Enter the formation too, stand at the center. Although you are a mortal, you will need to ascend to immortal eventually. When the battle begins, you will experience the power of a Gu Immortal, it will be of great help for your future.”


 “Yes, master. I will listen to you!” Dong Fang Yu Liang’s eyes were red, he was so moved he was choking back tears.


 He leaped, jumping into the air, with the power of the phantom formation, he stood in the formation’s central core as he floated in the air.


 In the sky, despite Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han’s heavy disturbances, Fang Yuan finally found a chance.


 The sky in front of him was clear, there was nothing stopping him, the chance was only momentary, he latched onto it and flew down with minimal attention to his safety!


 Seven strength path giant hands slammed down, only one was left protecting his body.


 “It is time.” The star will saw this and sighed lightly.


 Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals were all looking into the sky with much blood lust.


 At the next moment, they saw Old Lord Can Yang flying up, blocking Fang Yuan’s attack as he force the latter back into the sky.


 “Eh?!” This turn of events made all of the Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals look on with stunned expressions.


 “All of my efforts were not in vain, in forming this plot to regain my life through possession, now is the moment!” The star will laughed loudly, he was extremely excited.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul suddenly appeared, charging into the phantom formation’s center as he entered Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body.


 “Hahaha, you bunch of fools! I will tell you the truth, the true traitor in Dong Fang tribe is that beloved Lord Chang Fan of yours, hahahaha.” Old Lord Can Yang was laughing maniacally.



***
Chapter 789 - Blood Veil Obstruct Immortals


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What?” Dong Fang Wan Xiu stared with wide open eyes.


 “This is not possible!” Dong Fang Yi Kong firmly denied.


 “How could it be Lord Dong Fang Chang Fan? Everyone, be careful, this is likely to be an illusion! The enemy cannot break the formation, so he is trying to confuse us!!”


 All the Gu Immortals of Dong Fang tribe had incredulous expressions, unable to accept this shocking fact.


 Old Lord Can Yang scoffed: “Confuse you guys? Laughable, all of you are incapable of moving, you aren’t even worth confusing. You have already become meat on the chopping board, unable to free yourselves, it is funny how you still cannot see the truth. Hehehe.”


 These words were like shocking strikes of lightning that ruthlessly assaulted the Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 Everyone looked at Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will.


 Dong Fang Wan Xiu shouted: “Lord Chang Fan, this is not real!”


 Dong Fang Yi Kong asked: “Lord Chang Fan, please speak up!”


 “Lord Chang Fan, Dong Fang Chang Fan! What are your intentions?!”


 Countless questions and shouts echoed in this hall.


 The star will chuckled, seemingly at leisure. He was only a will, but had condensed into the image of his body back when he was alive, his frame was upright, his face like that of jade, his eyes full of splendor and a graceful aura of a great commander was revealed.


 However, right now, this sight, this attitude and demeanor, caused a chill to emerge in the hearts of Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 The phantom formation transformed again; the enormous power which it had condensed was finally being released at this moment.


 It was like a surge of waves; blood-colored light shot out everywhere, forming a thick bloody veil that covered the main location in the ruin bat’s corpse.


 At this sight, Dong Fang Wan Xiu and the rest finally had a huge change in their expressions.


 They had thought this formation was used for attacking the enemies, but its true use was to defend.


 This chilling fact was displayed in front of everyone’s eyes, tearing apart the lies told by the star will.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan, why are you doing this? Why are you harming us!?” Dong Fang Wan Xiu looked malevolent, his expression filled with pain and grief.


 “What could it be for? Being alive is the foundation for everything, who would want to die? Who doesn’t want to live? As long as there is a sliver of a hope to survive, who can resist the temptation?” Old Lord Can Yang sneered, staring at the phantom formation intently without blinking.


 Looking at the phantom formation operating normally, Old Lord Can Yang could not help but take a deep breath: “This possession technique really has an extremely high price. It needs the sacrifice of Gu Immortals every time it is activated?”


 If it was true, this possession technique could not be used widely as the activation conditions were too costly.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will slowly shook its head: “Old Lord, you don’t need to worry. I previously obtained this possession technique in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. The contents inside allow one to possess mortals and even Gu Immortals. But to possess Gu Immortals, one’s cultivation must be higher than the target. Moreover, after possession, the immortal aperture would be the target’s immortal aperture. This is akin to a raven taking over a seagull’s nest, it is unfitting and has great disadvantages. While alive, I was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but I did not have a suitable wisdom path Gu Immortal as the possession target. Thus, I exerted effort to think and plan for so many years before I finally obtained this formation.”


 “This formation was created with the possession technique as the foundation. It can let me possess a mortal and at the same time, it can mobilize the origin cores of Gu Immortals of the same bloodline and create a completely new wisdom path immortal aperture, allowing me to immediately become an immortal after possession and avoid the dangerous stage of having weaker cultivation initially.”


 Hearing the star will’s explanation, Old Lord Can Yang sized up the star will while also being inwardly shocked: ‘This Dong Fang Chang Fan concealed his abilities really well, not only is his wisdom path attainment enough to be known as the best in Northern Plains, he also can use space path dao marks and manipulate the phantom beast army. Now, it seems his blood path attainment is also not low!’


 The star will did not know of the churning of Old Lord Can Yang’s inner thoughts, still continuing its explanation: “Don’t underestimate this formation. With these eight Gu Immortals sacrificing themselves, they will be supplying me with abundant resources! My newly formed immortal aperture will absolutely be the best within high grade! There is also another key point – the immortal aperture will automatically produce resources like flowers, birds, fish, insects and so on. It would be as if I had managed the blessed land for many years, this would save hundreds of years of hard work. Thus, after I complete possession, not only would my cultivation be restored, I will also have enough resources, much more than when I was alive! Old Lord Can Yang, feel free to observe and ask questions as you desire. I will explain the key content of every step.”


 A heated expression flashed across Old Lord Can Yang’s face.


 He laughed heartily, looking deeply at Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will: “You truly made a good plan, wanting me to keep you safe from danger. My presence here was to help you resist these demonic path Gu Immortals. And when you succeed in advancing to Gu Immortal, there will definitely be a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, at that time, I will be by your side, forced to take action even if I don’t want to.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will smiled without any shame from having his scheme exposed. He looked at Old Lord Can Yang and said with a quiet and deep voice: “If you want to gain something in this world, you need to be prepared to pay the price. How can there be free things? In particular, the more you want to obtain, the higher the risk will be. What is Old Lord’s decision, please confirm it quickly.”


 Old Lord Can Yang snickered, but inwardly, he deeply admired Dong Fang Chang Fan for being decisive in what to give up.


 Back then, when Dong Fang Chang Fan obtained the possession technique from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s true inheritance secluded domain, he had also discovered the arrangements of Central Continent’s ten great sects.


 Meanwhile, Immortal Crane Sect had been infiltrating Dong Fang tribe. After Dong Fang Chang Fan became a Gu Immortal and joined the higher ups of the tribe, he secretly discovered this fact.


 But he did not expose this, instead following this clue to covertly engage in cooperation with Immortal Crane Sect.


 He used the possession technique to make a transaction with Immortal Crane Sect.


 Lifespan Gu were hard to find, any Gu Immortal would scramble for any methods for life extension. Let alone when this possession technique came from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!


 Immortal Crane Sect was one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent and had long history with deep foundations, but even it could not resist the temptation of the possession technique.


 The two sides had their own needs, Dong Fang Chang Fan slowly released the contents of the possession technique while obtaining resources from Immortal Crane Sect.


 He used these resources to quickly advance and successfully passed many tribulations. He also supported the next generations of the tribe and formed schemes directed everywhere, bringing the declining Dong Fang tribe to glory!


 In cooperating with a person like Dong Fang Chang Fan, Old Lord Can Yang was very cautious, not relaxing his guard, even though he was stronger.


 He did not think for long, nodding and accepting.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will gave a laugh: “Good, I will explain the first step...”


 Old Lord Can Yang listened, paying full attention.


 It was clear to him that Dong Fang Chang Fan was using him, but Old Lord Can Yang had come as a representative of Immortal Crane Sect’s will, thus he also had no other choice.


 Old Lord Can Yang thought of the heavy reward from the sect for completing this mission, and that was his motivation to continue.


 Dong Fang tribe’s eight Gu Immortals were already cursing loudly.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was unconscious and motionless, his eyes closed.


 Meanwhile, in the outside world, Fang Yuan looked down at another sight.


 He saw an incomparably large blood veil which covered the ruin bat’s corpse like a mountain. The blood veil was extremely thick, with greatly plentiful quantities of blood colored light, and the terrifying might it showcased could make one’s heart palpitate.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals turned their attentions to the blood veil, and stopped their internal conflicts.


 Some among them tried using their methods in attacking the blood veil, but it was like pebbles being thrown into a large lake, there were only slight ripples on the blood veil, and it stood unmoved, stable like a mountain.


 “Such a strong defense!”


 “What Gu formation is this? I have neither seen it nor even heard of it before.”


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan truly left behind an endless number of arrangements.”


 The demonic path Gu Immortals were making guesses.


 Fang Yuan also frowned. Even though he was an expert in blood path and had his previous life’s memories, he had never seen nor heard of this Gu formation.


 “Who cares what Gu formation this is, it will break with one smash from my hammer!” Gu Immortal Zhuo Zhan shouted and charged forward.


 He was riding a flying boar desolate beast, his body was covered in armor and he was holding a giant hammer. He had a burly build and was easily irritable, but he bullied the weak while fearing the strong.


 Everyone’s gazes gathered on him.


 Zhuo Zhan felt very proud for being in the limelight, his expression turning even more fierce.


 But several breaths later, his fierce expression was gone completely, replaced by shock and fear.


 As he approached the blood veil, the blood in his body went out of his control, and started flowing out of his body.


 Gu Immortals were called immortals, but their bodies, for the most part, still retained the normal workings and functions of the human body. Blood supported the movement of the body and was a crucial part.


 Zhuo Zhan was still a far distance from the blood veil, but half the blood in his body had sprayed out.


 If he continued, before he even reached the blood veil, his blood would completely seep out and he would turn into a dried out corpse.


 “Such an odd formation!”


 “This is the effect of menses blood Gu, it can draw out blood.”


 “Menses blood Gu is one of the blood path inheritances of Blood Sea Ancestor, who could have thought that the rumor of Dong Fang Chang Fan obtaining it was not only true, he also raised this menses blood Gu to Immortal Gu level!”


 The demonic path Gu Immortals showed moved expressions.


 Several Gu Immortals tried all kinds of methods, but everyone failed.


 Everyone was aware that unless they used methods that targeted defensive abilities, they would not be able to break this blood veil.


 Fang Yuan frowned tensely. He, himself, was an expert in blood path during his previous life, but he currently did not have any blood path Immortal Gu and he cultivated strength path. Without the necessary starting components, one couldn’t get anywhere, he was unable to do anything to this formation.


 The situation was troublesome and everyone was feeling anxious. Dong Fang Yu Liang had been inside for so long, he might have already completely obtained the inheritance.


 “The current plan should be to use long range killer moves! Everyone, attack together, let’s destroy Dong Fang Chang Fan’s arrangements first before we fight for the spoils. Otherwise, under the eyes of numerous immortals, a mortal would seize the inheritance. If that really happens, I, Unfettered Scholar, would have no face left to continue living in Northern Plains!” Unfettered Scholar suddenly shouted.


 He immediately made his move after shouting.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals agreed.


 For a while, water and fire converged, lightning and wind struck, colorful lights sparkled, and countless explosions struck the blood veil, reducing its mass.


 Everyone had joyful expressions before they soon turned grave.


 The blood veil continuously shrunk but also unceasingly regenerated. Especially for the parts further inside, the demonic path Gu Immortals’ attacks clearly showed insufficient damage.



***
Chapter 790 - Contest of Offense and Defense


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The blood veil firmly covered the ruin bat’s corpse, resisting the wanton attacks of the demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Having not expected such resistance from the blood veil and under the urgent situation, Pi Shui Han shouted: “Make way!”


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal and had already formed a reputation within the demonic path. Everyone parted ways and opened up a space for him.


 Water path and ice path killer move — Flood Glacier!


 Inside Pi Shui Han’s immortal aperture, over ten thousand Gu worms were activated, while his rank seven red date immortal essence was being consumed bead by bead.


 Rumble!


 Endless waves started surging out of thin air from the space within hundreds of steps of Pi Shui Han.


 Surging waves, like innumerable raging dragons, roared and crashed down with a catastrophic momentum!


 The giant wave was still crashing down when it underwent another transformation.


 Crackle... The giant wave started condensing into ice from inside to outside. Within several breaths, the monstrous giant wave turned into an enormous glacier and pressed down like a giant whale, or a pillar falling from the heavens.


 The ice-cold chilly air could make one tremble.


 The terrifying attack made people hold their breaths subconsciously.


 In the hall, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will no longer had the leisurely attitude from before, and all his focus was on raising the defensive power to the maximum.


 The previous demonic path Gu Immortals’ attacks were fierce, but they lacked coordination, and although they were numerous in quantity, they had limited qualitative increase in power. Now that Pi Shui Han used this trump card, his strength was united as it was his own power, and was stronger than the earlier chaotic attacks by at least ten times.


 Rumble...


 The glacier heavily smashed at the blood veil.


 The blood veil deformed from the enormous weight, but was still able to rigidly resist the pressure of the glacier and the corrosion of the cold aura.


 Immortal killer move flood glacier was powerful, but Dong Fang Chang Fan’s blood veil was arranged from the origin cores of eight Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures and also was aided by the arrangements prepared at this location. Pi Shui Han, alone, could not break through the blood veil.


 But this killer move was still astonishing.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals looked down from above, and saw that with the ruin bat at the center, the entire surroundings had turned into a glacier.


 The dead immemorial ruin bat was huge, like a mountain, and now that it was covered by the glacier, it was as if it wore a heavy suit of ice armor, looking even more gigantic.


 Inside the translucent glacier was a giant red blood veil.


 The bone-chilling cold air was still spreading everywhere, frost had covered the vegetation on the periphery and was expanding.


 For a while, everyone looked at Pi Shui Han with astonished gazes.


 Although the killer move had not broken the blood veil, its power still left a deep impression on everyone.


 “Even if I used all eight strength path giant hands together, I wouldn’t be able to resist this killer move head-on.” Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered.


 This was the true strength of an veteran rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Compared to this, Fang Yuan was still lacking greatly.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had been able to fight against two, blocking Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, because the two had not used their trump cards.


 Gu Immortals were rational; they all came for the wisdom path inheritance, and had no deep hatred against each other, they would have to be mentally handicapped to fight each other to the death.


 But now, the Gu Immortals realized something was wrong, only then did Pi Shui Han use a trump card and put out his full strength!


 “Although I have rank seven battle strength with my immortal killer move myriad self, it is only barely at that level. If I had to truly fight an expert like Pi Shui Han to the death, the one who is likely to lose is me. But if I had to confront this move, I would not face it head-on, but attempt to evade and detour around to battle.”


 The power of the immortal killer move, flood glacier, made Fang Yuan aware of some of Pi Shui Han’s strength and also made him aware of the gap between him and Pi Shui Han.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan felt a slight sense of urgency.


 The cultivation of Gu Immortals was a major factor in influencing battle strength. A part of Pi Shui Han’s power was because he had used rank seven red date immortal essence. Fang Yuan already had made extremely superior progress in this life, but the thing hindering him was his immortal zombie body. His true cultivation was only at the bottom of rank six with not even one tribulation passed.


 “Cultivation is the base, the foundation. My immortal zombie body might be strong, but there is no room to greatly improve. I still have to search for the method to regain my living body.”


 “Brother Pi really is mighty! Let me also test my hand.” At this moment, Unfettered Scholar laughed brightly and flew towards Pi Shui Han.


 Pi Shui Han coldly snorted, with a ugly expression on his face. He had made such an effort in front of everyone, but had still not been able to break the blood veil. Seeing Unfettered Scholar coming over, he slowly gave way for the central position.


 Under everyone’s gazes, Unfettered Scholar flew right above the ruin bat’s corpse.


 He had already been preparing earlier, he suddenly opened his eyes, his pupils were completely white and shot out two thin rays of faint white light.


 This move looked very inconspicuous, purely based on how imposing it appeared, it could never be compared to the glacier earlier.


 The Gu Immortals who were unaware were rather baffled at this.


 However, Pi Shui Han’s complexion changed.


 When the two faint white light rays shined down, the glacier instantly melted and the blood veil intensely shook, unexpectedly displaying immense power.


 “Hmm? This is Unfettered Scholar? What an amazing move, thousand disintegrations!” In the hall, Old Lord Can Yang, however, recognized this move.


 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects had infiltrated into Northern Plains for many years over Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Since Old Lord Can Yang took the risk to come, he naturally had a lot of information on Northern Plains.


 Unfettered Scholar originated from Central Continent’s Chen clan.


 Central Continent’s Chen clan specialized in rule path, but Central Continent was ruled by a sect system and did not leave room for clans to prosper. After being pushed aside, Chen clan moved to Northern Plains.


 Unfortunately, Northern Plains’ righteous path was ruled by the Huang Jin bloodline. Chen clan might be a super force with Gu Immortal level strength, but under secret repulsion from Huang Jin bloodline forces, it finally weakened.


 By Unfettered Scholar’s time, he was the only outstanding talent remaining and the clan already did not exist anymore. He was left to fight alone and fend for himself.


 “Chen clan specialized in rule path and among its Gu Immortals, rank six could use the killer move hundred disintegrations, rank seven could use thousand disintegrations, and rank eight could use myriad disintegrations. This killer move is extremely powerful and can attack as well as defend, disintegrating almost any mysterious elements. In Central Continent’s past, many Gu Immortals from sects suffered crushing defeats under the might of myriad disintegrations!” Old Lord Can Yang sighed as he recalled.


 “You have spoken so much nonsense, are you still not going to strike? The blood veil is being consumed greatly because of Unfettered Scholar, these are all precious immortal aperture origin cores that are being used up!” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will urged.


 “Haha.” Old Lord Can Yang stood with his hands clasped behind his back and did not seem like he was going to fight, “Unfettered Scholar is only one person while you have the collaboration of eight people. He also doesn’t know the situation here, watch me use my method.”


 He then let out his rank seven aura.


 The aura immediately shocked the demonic path Gu Immortals in the sky.


 “They actually have a rank seven Gu Immortal?”


 “Aren’t all the Gu Immortals of Dong Fang tribe rank six? Could it be that someone advanced to rank seven but kept it a secret all along?”


 “Or maybe Dong Fang tribe invited reinforcements? Don’t forget they are of Huang Jin bloodline, a super force of the righteous path!”


 The Gu Immortals were startled and puzzled.


 Unfettered Scholar looked indifferent, but he was inwardly shaken.


 His killer move was powerful and had a huge origin, but its consumption of red date immortal essence was extremely intense.


 The other side had a rank seven Gu Immortal, thus they could clearly fight toe-to-toe with him. His side has numerous people, but everyone had their own intentions. Unfettered Scholar could not help but consider: He could not brainlessly charge ahead and waste his immortal essence. Otherwise, during the time when they fought for real, he would lack the necessary immortal essence to continue, and all of his efforts would have gone to waste and to the advantage of others.


 Unfettered Scholar stopped his killer move when he thought of this.


 “See, didn’t it stop?” Old Lord Can Yang laughed heartily, a pleased expression on his face.


 He only leaked his aura, and was able to make Unfettered Scholar stop. Just based on scheming and deceiving, Old Lord Can Yang might not be a match to Dong Fang Chang Fan, but his plentiful life experiences were enough for him to know people’s mindsets and use the situation to make schemes.


 “The longer the time prolongs, the more favorable it is to that Dong Fang Yu Liang. This blood veil is extremely thick, we need to use our trump cards to attack it if we want to break it.” Unfettered Scholar spoke, his gaze cast towards Fang Yuan.


 Traveling Three Elites lost Han Dong, Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang were only at rank six. Besides Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, there was only Fang Yuan who had shown rank seven battle strength.


 Pi Shui Han also looked at Fang Yuan.


 These demonic path Gu Immortal experts naturally would not let Fang Yuan take easy benefits.


 “Fairies, please guard me while I exert all my strength.” Fang Yuan secretly transmitted his voice and after obtaining affirmation, he sat cross-legged in the air.


 Eight strength path giant hands flew towards the blood veil.


 The periphery of the blood veil was covered with a layer of glacier, looking like a stuffed large iceberg.


 Fang Yuan paid no attention to it, moving his eight strength path giant hands in eight directions. The giant hands opened up and the palms tightly stuck to the surface of the iceberg. The five fingers then started to dig into the iceberg.


 “Rise!” Fang Yuan called out, immediately, a rumbling noise resounded in everyone’s ears.


 At first, this noise was only slight.


 But soon, the sound got louder and louder, until the rumbling resounded like bursts of endless thunder.


 Earth shook and giant cracks started to appear on the ground surrounding the iceberg.


 In everyone’s astonished gazes, the iceberg that covered the blood veil was actually slowly rising, like it was going to leave the ground!


 The hall was trembling and swaying. Old Lord Can Yang blurted out: “This is?”


 The star will also changed expression: “Not good. I have already remodeled this immemorial ruin bat’s corpse, and to make it stable, I connected it to the ground to form a mountain based on the corpse. The other party seems to have the ability to pull mountain roots, which happens to counter my arrangements! Can Yang, you need to make a move!”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will was so anxious that his figure almost collapsed.


 His main body could indeed make great calculations, but human minds had their limits. The arrangements were set long ago, and even the most extensive calculations could have mishaps.


 Fang Yuan’s pulling mountain Immortal Gu was one such mishap.


 Pulling mountain Immortal Gu could target any mountainous body, when Dong Fang Chang Fan was alive, he had linked the immemorial ruin bat’s corpse to the surrounding landscape, forming what could truly be called a corpse mountain.


 This arrangement instead became a flaw which happened to be used by pulling mountain Immortal Gu!


 “This mountain with roots connected to the ground can be pulled up?” Pi Shui Han stared with wide open eyes, his gaze constantly flickering.


 “Who could this person be?!” Unfettered Scholar was startled and puzzled, while he used his killer move, thousand disintegrations, at the blood veil again.


 Being attacked from two ends, the situation did not seem to bode well for Dong Fang Chang Fan’s side.


 Old Lord Can Yang laughed before finally making his move: “Look at my life chasing fire.”



***
Chapter 791 - Unstoppable Life Chasing Fire


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immortal killer move — Life Chasing Fire!


 Old Lord Can Yang looked solemn as he slowly opened up his hand, revealing a weak flame.


 The faint yellow flame swayed, appearing dim and weak, as if it would extinguish at any moment.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s pupils, however, let out a sharp and bright radiance, and as he gazed at this flame in his hand, a proud expression appeared on his face.


 This was the supreme technique which he had used to make his name and shake Central Continent!


 “Life chasing fire, go.” Old Lord Can Yang lightly shook his palm; the life chasing fire made a whooshing sound as it shot out rapidly.


 The star will quickly opened up a path.


 The unremarkable-looking life chasing fire moved out of the blood veil and pierced into the cold iceberg.


 Boom!


 Almost at the same instant, there was a large yellow flame that blazed to the sky and burned the whole iceberg.


 Almost all the demonic path Gu Immortals in the air were taken aback at this change.


 Soon, they revealed odd expressions.


 The reason was, although the fire was fierce, it had no heat; the iceberg covered in the fire was completely undamaged with no signs of melting down.


 Some demonic path Gu Immortals were just about to ridicule it, when the rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal, Pi Shui Han, suddenly let out a miserable scream.


 Everyone followed the voice and saw a sight that gave them a great shock.


 Pi Shui Han was covered in fire, of such intensity that his whole face twisted in pain. Great amounts of cold air were being let off from his body and a river of water started flowing around him, like a dragon coiling around his body. The faint yellow fire, however, did not weaken, instead looking like it was growing even fiercer.


 “What move is this?”


 “How did Pi Shui Han get attacked, why didn’t I see it?”


 “Such a strange fire, everyone evade it!”


 The demonic path Gu Immortals retreated one after the other, while looking with lingering fear at Pi Shui Han exerting all his efforts to extinguish the fire.


 “This fire, could it be... life chasing fire? Not good!” Fang Yuan’s mind was shaken as he realized something amiss, and quickly withdrew the eight strength path giant hands.


 But it was already too late.


 The fire burned the iceberg and quickly had spread to the eight strength path giant hands.


 The strength path giant hands were completely unharmed, but a faint flame had emerged out of thin air in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, quietly burning his one hundred and sixty thousand strength path phantoms!


 These strength path phantoms had their arms raised, they had been providing the strength to form the eight strength path giant hands in the outside world.


 They were bathed in the fire, but were completely safe.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shivered at this sight.


 “This is truly that killer move, life chasing fire!” Fang Yuan was aware of the terrifying power of this move, he quickly made a decision and willed, the one hundred and sixty thousand strength path phantoms collapsed.


 Without these strength path phantoms, the eight strength path giant hands pulling the iceberg also crumbled apart.


 Boom, the ruin bat’s corpse mountain heavily fell down, producing a huge tremor, the surrounding ground cracked and countless stones were splattered, leaving dust swirling everywhere.


 Fang Yuan suffered an intense backlash from forcibly halting use of Pulling Mountain! He felt intense dizziness and nausea, his body shook and he almost fell down from the air.


 Hei Lou Lan saw this and quickly moved to support him.


 Fang Yuan, however, evaded and shouted: “Don’t approach me!”


 He quickly retreated backwards, a faint yellow flame started to burn his body like Pi Shui Han.


 At the same time, Unfettered Scholar turned pale. He was also struck by this move and his body was similarly burning in fire.


 “This fire path immortal killer move can actually detect auras and follow our attacks back to the source, directly reaching our immortal apertures!” Unfettered Scholar was greatly shocked.


 Unfettered Scholar realized at this moment why Pi Shui Han was in a panic.


 Not only were their bodies burning, the fire was spreading in their immortal apertures as well. The former was okay, but the latter was a Gu Immortal’s headquarters, their foundation that had been managed meticulously for countless years, and also where innumerable cultivation resources had been stored inside.


 Now that this foundation was being burned, it was like the fire was burning directly at the Gu Immortal’s heart, make them bleed from the heartache.


 Pi Shui Han not only was extinguishing the fire on his body, he was even more importantly putting out the fire in his immortal aperture. But the strange thing was, this fire could not be extinguished by water or ice.


 The surrounding demonic path Gu Immortals started to move away from Fang Yuan, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, fearing this strange fire would spread to them as well.


 “Why are the flames on Fang Yuan weaker than the other two?” Hei Lou Lan was bewildered.


 The remaining Gu Immortals soon discovered this difference. Immediately, Fang Yuan looked even more unfathomable to everyone.


 Unfettered Scholar’s gaze also paused on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was much better than the other two. There was only a thin layer of flames on him, as if they were the fires of an oil lamp, while the flames on Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were blazing like a torch.


 In just a few breaths of time, Unfettered Scholar’s body was already mostly burnt and started to emit the smell of burning meat.


 Unfettered Scholar himself was calm and not particularly panicked, the reason was that he still had a trump card!


 Immortal killer move — Thousand Disintegrations!


 He wildly activated the killer move, the light in his white pupils turned even more vigorous.


 But this time, the light did not shine on the iceberg and the blood veil, instead it shined on himself, on his immortal aperture.


 The faint yellow flame started to disintegrate continuously under the white light, weakening rapidly.


 Soon, the flames on his body completely dispersed and the fire in his immortal aperture was also suppressed.


 Thousand disintegrations was very useful, it could not only be used to attack enemies, but could also be used for defense. Offense and defense in one move, and its power was also extraordinary.


 In a short while, Fang Yuan also stood up, the fire on his body completely dissipated.


 Only Pi Shui Han was still trying out all sorts of methods, but the flames on him were instead burning even more. His whole body was darkened from burns, the intense odor of burnt meat was spreading everywhere. He had no choice but to activate healing Gu to heal his injuries and also endure the burning of the fire.


 He shouted furiously, he felt pain not only physically, but also heartache mentally.


 The fire was spreading in his immortal aperture, large amounts of resources were being burnt to nothingness, but he still had no way to put out this fire.


 “What to do? What to do!” Pi Shui Han thought rapidly in extreme anxiety.


 Fang Yuan and Unfettered Scholar just watched on coldly and silently. The remaining demonic path Gu Immortals stood further away, some gazes were flickering, eager to make some trouble.


 If Pi Shui Han were to be seriously injured and weakened, these demonic path Gu Immortals would absolutely be moved and interested in attacking Pi Shui Han, adding on to his misfortune.


 Suddenly, Pi Shui Han gave a loud shout before soaring high, and with his whole body in flames, he shot far away like a meteor.


 This fire was giving him enormous trouble, and there were many demonic path Gu Immortals present, he could not stick around. Pi Shui Han’s retreat was a wise choice.


 Seeing him rapidly disappear into the horizon, several demonic path Gu Immortals at the periphery also stealthily left, following the trail of Pi Shui Han.


 In the hall, Old Lord Can Yang laughed heartily, saying to Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will: “How was that?”


 “Truly worthy of being called life chasing fire.” The star will nodded, “This fire has the ability to trace auras back to their source. Gu Immortals normally place Gu worms in their immortal apertures, thus this fire would burn their immortal apertures. This fire also uses life as the fuel, as long as life has not been extinguished, it will keep on burning. Thus, special methods must be used to extinguish this fire, like the technique of thousand disintegrations. If one doesn’t have such methods, then they have to be resolute in cutting off the burning part, restraining it from burning sources of life force within their body as much as possible. As long as the life force is used up, this fire will disperse. Unfortunately, this Pi Shui Han did not think of this point and continuously healed himself which increased his life force, increasing the intensity of the fire.”


 The star will chuckled as it said this, and praised: “Old Lord Can Yang, your move is a truly unique and innovative method. As long as this fire strikes the enemy, they will fall into chaos. If it is allowed to keep on burning, even the wealthier Gu Immortals will have their foundations greatly damaged and have no battle intent.”


 Listening to the star will praise his method so much, Old Lord Can Yang’s pleased expression instead disappeared and was replaced by a gloomy look.


 The reason for Old Lord Can Yang’s fame was the killer move life chasing fire.


 Once this fire burned, even if it was eliminated, the enemy would be low in spirits. If they attacked, the fire could follow the attack and burn their immortal aperture.


 Immortal apertures were the foundations of Gu Immortals, and it would be greatly damaged if it was burned a few times. Even if the fire did not burn the enemy to death, it could ruin them.


 Thus, Old Lord Can Yang had already been able to roam unhindered around Central Continent in his early years, and was very well known. Gu Immortals fighting him would have a headache.


 After becoming rank seven, Old Lord Can Yang did not wander around much, but just based on his battle strength, he was in the top five of Immortal Crane Sect! The matter of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s collapse was simply too important, so Immortal Crane Sect had sent him to Northern Plains to investigate the culprit.


 Once life chasing fire was used, it restrained Fang Yuan and Unfettered Scholar, and caused Pi Shui Han to retreat in a miserable state. Old Lord Can Yang was repelling the enemies on the surface, but was covertly also trying to intimidate Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 However, Dong Fang Chang Fan was aware of the details of life chasing fire, his words were appreciative, but in truth were a counterattack against Old Lord Can Yang.


 If Old Lord Can Yang could still show a good expression, that would be strange.


 “Life chasing fire... Old Lord Can Yang... why is he here?” Fang Yuan hovered in the air, looking at the blood veil below in uncertainty and doubt.


 He might have his previous life’s memories, but there was an extremely large difference between having them and being all-knowing and omnipotent, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s possession scheme was kept in extreme secrecy and Fang Yuan was not aware of it.


 Now that he saw a Central Continent Gu Immortal mixed up with Dong Fang Chang Fan’s inheritance, he naturally felt surprised and bewildered.


 When Old Lord Can Yang repelled him, he had done so evasively, and had not revealed his identity at all.


 Old Lord Can Yang had methods to conceal his aura and with them being used, his aura was the same as a Northern Plains Gu Immortal’s. The other demonic path Gu Immortals did not discover anything wrong, which showed how ingenious Old Lord Can Yang’s methods were.


 ‘Not good.’ Fang Yuan inwardly shouted, thoughts of retreating rose up inside him..


 He knew Central Continent’s forces had secretly infiltrated into Northern Plains to search for him, the culprit. He also knew someone had gone to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance with suspicions about his Sha Huang identity.


 “The reason I could resolve life chasing fire was because I knew the details of this move and made the decision quickly. And as an immortal zombie, I am among the living dead, my immortal aperture is a dead land with sparse life force, thus it could not be burned. Old Lord Can Yang has plenty of experience, he might have already discerned that I am an immortal zombie. Hiding myself like this, perhaps he might become suspicious!” The more Fang Yuan thought, the heavier his state of mind.



***
Chapter 792 - Lightning of Heaven and Earth, Risky Attempt


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 As far as Fang Yuan was concerned, a wisdom path inheritance was indeed precious and rare. But even if he gained a complete inheritance, risking his true identity and the pursuit of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals was absolutely not worth it!


 Old Lord Can Yang had restrained the group of demons with one burst of fire, and even sent Pi Shui Han retreating far away.


 Fang Yuan had realized the bad situation and also was considering retreating, thus he naturally stopped his attacks.


 The rank seven Unfettered Scholar also did not risk attacking. He thought higher of Fang Yuan from the way he dealt with the life chasing fire. He himself had to rely on thousand disintegrations to get through that danger, which made him feel Fang Yuan was even more mysterious.


 And besides Fang Yuan, there was still the two black robed Gu Immortals, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, thus Unfettered Scholar restrained his desire to make a move and only observed Fang Yuan’s side.


 His thoughts were obvious – he was waiting for Fang Yuan’s side to make a move.


 For a while, the surroundings above the ruin bat’s corpse became silent, while inside the ruined hall, curses were still being endlessly hurled out.


 Dong Fang tribe’s eight Gu Immortals could not budge even a bit but had retained the ability to speak.


 Since the moment Dong Fang Chang Fan’s possession had begun, they had been throwing curses and shouting at Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will turned a deaf ear to this.


 He saw the situation outside had quietened down, the group of demons would be restrained for a while. He smiled: “Finally, the time is ripe, my possession and rebirth will start at this moment. Old Lord Can Yang, I have explained the previous main steps to you. The crucial time has arrived, I will have to trouble you to guard me.”


 Being indecisive when a decision was needed would instead worsen the situation; the star will made the decision and did not hesitate any longer!


 A change occurred, a large vortex suddenly formed on the surface of the blood veil.


 Blood energy started fermenting in the vortex. It condensed into form before suddenly bursting out, it turned into a giant blood pillar that directly shot straight down to the center of the phantom formation, covering Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s eyes opened wide, and he shouted: “Damn it!”


 Old Lord Can Yang understood after seeing this change: This blood veil was not used just to defend, but was also involved in a purification process. The extracted eight immortal aperture origin cores were like eight metals melting together. It then used the demonic path Gu Immortals’ attacks to temper the melted origin cores, eliminating the wills and auras of the eight Gu Immortals, before pouring the fused product into the possession target.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had arranged the situation exquisitely, calculating the demonic path Gu Immortals within his plan. Even Fang Yuan was in the dark, used by Dong Fang Chang Fan into unknowingly becoming a blacksmith.


 Now, the blood energy flowed backwards, filling Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body, naturally, the blood veil would weaken. With the weakening of the blood veil, the defense immediately fell. Old Lord Can Yang had a heavy duty from the sect and with enormous benefits in front of him, how could he stay still and not share the burden?


 Seeing the blood veil weakening, the demonic path Gu Immortals indeed were moved.


 “It seems the previous attacks were effective!”


 “There is hope in breaking the blood veil, everyone attack together!”


 The Gu Immortals attacked one after the other, countless attacks rained down like a violent storm.


 The blood veil was sending the blood energy inside, while also having to endure the attacks, immediately, it was strained and started to sway unstably.


 Old Lord Can Yang had no choice but to take action, using an immortal killer move — Final Afterglow!


 A light barrier emerged outside of the blood veil, it looked to be condensed from the afterglow of the setting sun, and was so thin and faint that it was almost like there was nothing. Countless attacks passed through this light barrier and landed on the blood veil, however, their power was reduced to less than half the original.


 This was the use of ‘final afterglow’, it was not a complete defense, instead it weakened the power of most attacks.


 Even immortal killer moves on the level of ‘flood glacier’ would be weakened by thirty percent. And what the demonic path Gu Immortals were using right now were mostly all mortal killer moves, after being weakened by final afterglow, they only appeared strong but had little threat.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan showed a joyous expression.


 The situation was extremely beneficial to him in this way.


 The phantom formation was constantly extracting the eight immortal aperture origin cores and fusing them to create the blood veil.


 When the blood veil suffered the attacks, the foreign wills and auras hidden inside the origin cores were gradually being removed. Afterwards, the purified blood energy would then pour into Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was a Gu Master with a rank five peak stage aperture. Right now, his soul was already eliminated by Dong Fang Chang Fan, leaving him in control of his young body. Dong Fang Chang Fan’s attention was fully focused on the aperture.


 The aperture burst with a loud sound as it was filled with blood energy.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s aura rose higher instead of shrinking.


 An astonishing transformation was occurring — surpassing mortal, charging to Gu Immortal!


 Crack!


 In the clear sky outside, a lightning bolt flashed.


 Within several breaths later, dark clouds surged and spread over the entire surroundings in the clear sky.


 Earth tremored and rumbled, and vast amounts of dusts surged, as if countless bulls were running on the ground.


 Heaven and earth qi were stirred, a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity were forming!


 “Someone is actually ascending to immortal inside?!”


 “What is going on?”


 The Gu Immortals quickly stopped their attacks, feeling baffled.


 Crack crack crack!


 Rays of lightning struck down together from above. The power they contained shocked the demonic path Gu Immortals into hurriedly retreating.


 “Amazing! This is the heavenly star lightning tribulation.”


 “How unlucky is the mortal to not receive the favor of heaven and earth. He is just ascending to immortal, and is met with such a powerful heavenly tribulation!”


 “What earthly calamity is this?”


 The Gu Immortals retreated to the edges and observed.


 Countless round craters appeared in the surroundings of the ruin bat’s corpse. The craters were pitch-black and unfathomably deep.


 Bang bang bang!


 Balls of pitch black lightning shot out from the craters and impacted on the ruin bat’s corpse mountain, creating loud explosions.


 The lightning strikes flashed and in just a few breaths of time, the iceberg was struck by countless lightning balls, the iceberg was smashed into pieces and spattered everywhere.


 Even Unfettered Scholar was moved at this, inwardly exclaiming: ‘The heavenly tribulation is heavenly star lightning, tyrannical and sharp. The earthly calamity is the earth ghost lightning, underhanded and explosive. These two great lightning tribulations are called the twin lightnings of heaven and earth, their power is increased further when they combine. Even I have to worry if I face them!”


 The twin lightning of heaven and earth combined, one fell from above while the other exploded from below. The lightning was dazzling, forming a purgatory filled with the sound of thunder.


 Countless bolts of lightning, densely packed together, combined into a huge lightning forest!


 The shattered ice pieces were completely destroyed, even the remaining traces of frost energy were extinguished.


 The scene, as if part of the world was ending, caused the observing demonic path Gu Immortals to hold their breaths in and feel stifled.


 Inside the ruin bat’s corpse mountain, Old Lord Can Yang looked serious as he put all his effort in maintaining the immortal killer move, final afterglow.


 This ingenious defensive killer move was being used to its utmost to weaken the strength of the twin lightnings of heaven and earth.


 However, all of Old Lord Can Yang’s effort only weakened the lightning by fifteen percent.


 His red date immortal essence was being consumed extremely quickly, and soon, his forehead was covered in a thin layer of sweat.


 “How could there be such a strong lightning tribulation!” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will muttered with a worried expression. This was almost the worst case scenario in his plan.


 He had not thought he would be faced with them at this moment.


 His luck really was extremely bad.


 The blood veil was being badly destroyed by the lightning strikes and explosions of thunder, the losses caused Dong Fang Chang Fan to feel extreme heartache.


 These losses would greatly influence the foundation of Dong Fang Yu Liang’s immortal aperture.


 Fifteen minutes, thirty minutes, one hour, two hours... time continued to pass, but the lightning tribulations from heaven and earth did not show any signs of weakening, instead they were constantly increasing in strength.


 The immemorial ruin bat’s corpse was wrecked until it was beyond recognition.


 There were previously countless numbers of densely packed space path dao marks covering the surroundings of the ruin bat, but now they were almost completely cleared up by the lightning tribulations.


 Old Lord Can Yang was already unable to support the situation, and the severe loss of immortal essence caused him to feel heavy.


 “Right! The power of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity is beyond normal, it is all because of you, Dong Fang Chang Fan.” Old Lord Can Yang suddenly spoke, “You are already dead, and according to the arrangement of fate, your soul should be returning to the door of life and death, how could you still remain here alive and kicking? Right now, you are not only trying to revive, you are even thinking of ascending to immortal, this is truly an act in defiance of heaven! No wonder heaven and earth are so enraged!!”


 When Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will heard this, his grave expression changed, he raised his eyebrows and laughed: “Ever since Red Lotus Demon Venerable broke fate, the destiny of all living beings in this world has been in their own hands. So what if it is in defiance to heaven? My fate is in my own hands, I have planned for so long, I made so many preparations, I will definitely succeed!”


 He had just spoken when they heard a rumbling sound.


 The lightning strikes were already as dense as rain and the thunder was already resounding non-stop.


 The thunder at this moment was beyond that of the previous ones, its sound resounded through the skies and caused everyone’s ears to buzz.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will shook and dispersed at once!


 A dazzling white light filled the world! Fang Yuan, Unfettered Scholar and the remaining demonic path Gu Immortals all retreated in alarm, and even Old Lord Can Yang had to tightly close his eyes.


 From the white light, a ray of divine lightning struck down.


 This divine lightning was incomparably fierce, sweeping past all obstacles, in an instant, it blew up final afterglow, broke the blood veil and directly struck at Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 The divine lightning was extremely fast, in almost the blink of an eye, it had broken through all the barriers like they were rotten wood and appeared in front of Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang only had a mortal body and would definitely be shattered to pieces if he really was struck by this lightning, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s possession plan would come to an end, resulting in complete failure!


 At the moment between life and death, ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’, whose eyes were tightly closed the whole time, suddenly opened his eyes!


 In the dazzling white light, he barely managed to see that ray of thunder and lightning.


 Intense startled anger rose up inside him: ‘Fluctuating light! Falling star lightning! Tribulations hidden inside my original tribulation, accursed heaven, you want me to die so badly?! Then I refuse to die!’


 Dong Fang Chang Fan roared in his mind.


 The phantom formation started to give off bright radiance.


 Boom!!!


 A piercing explosion resounded. Endless rays of white light shot out from the ruin bat’s corpse.


 The light rays swept through some unlucky demonic path Gu Immortals, immediately, their minds and souls shook, and some even directly crashed down from the sky.


 The terrifying explosion created a huge shock wave that lifted all the vegetation in the surroundings.


 The sky seemed to be collapsing while the earth quaked.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals retreated in panic.


 They retreated several kilometers, before the while light rays gradually dispersed, only then did the Gu Immortals calm down, returning.


 There was nothing left of the enormous, lofty ruin bat’s corpse mountain.


 In the air above, a young figure appeared, standing proudly as he looked at Fang Yuan and the others.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang!



***
Chapter 793 - Myriad Star Fireflies versus Band of Experts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Dong Fang Yu Liang? Am I seeing wrongly?”


 “How did he become a Gu Immortal? It seems that this heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity was caused by him.”


 “Becoming an immortal on the spot, was that Dong Fang Chang Fan’s inheritance? Sigh, a mortal actually snatched it!”


 The demonic path Gu Immortals saw Dong Fang Chang Fan and were very shocked, they felt some dejection and sadness.


 ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ was expressionless, there was no pupils or whites in his eyes, they were completely shining with many different colored crystalline lights, flickering continuously.


 He had this gaze while observing the demonic path Gu Immortals around him, saying softly: “You are the people who want to snatch my master’s inheritance? What gives you the guts to attack a righteous path super force?”


 After Dong Fang Chang Fan succeeded in his possession, but he did not expose the truth, he still spoke as if he was Dong Fang Yu Liang, with his voice.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals were in a dejected state, filled with great grievance, now that they heard Dong Fang Yu Liang’s arrogant words, their faces turned ugly, some scoffed while others shouted: “You mere junior, you have just become an immortal, after ascending in one step, you are arrogant! Here, take my hammer!”


 As he said so, a figure flew out from among the crowd.


 This demonic path Gu Immortal had broad shoulders and a thick waist, there was a flying heavenly boar underneath him, its fat legs were running quickly, as it carried its owner towards Dong Fang Yu Liang in an imposing manner.


 It was Zhuo Zhan.


 The immortals jolted, reacting to what had happened.


 “This Zhuo Zhan is so crafty, he is trying to pick up a bargain!”


 “We were almost deterred by the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, but even if Dong Fang Yu Liang became an immortal, he is a newbie. What is there to be afraid of?”


 “Capture Dong Fang Yu Liang alive, and interrogate the wisdom path inheritance from him!!”


 The demonic path Gu Immortals moved quickly, charging towards ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’, fearing that they would be left behind.


 Unfettered Scholar was among them.


 Only Fang Yuan and a few other people did not move, they remained in their places.


 He did not know that Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body was already possessed by Dong Fang Chang Fan, but he was wary of Old Lord Can Yang.


 “Dong Fang Yu Liang appeared, but where is Old Lord Can Yang?”


 Old Lord Can Yang was actually standing behind ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’, but he used an immortal technique and concealed himself. His method was superb, none of the demonic path immortals sensed him.


 But he was quite injured, seeing the immortals charging over, he transmitted to ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’: “Do you need my help?”


 ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ quickly rejected him: “You do not need to do anything, let me deal with them!”


 Once Old Lord Can Yang attacked, if he was exposed, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals would realize that ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ was colluding with Central Continent’s forces. By then, not only would ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ get ostracized by the righteous path, even the demonic path would not welcome him.


 In addition, ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ wanted to single-handedly showcase a heavy crippling of his enemies. That was the only way he could rise up after the death of eight Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals, to allow Dong Fang tribe to once again become a force to be reckoned with!


 Zhuo Zhan led the way, he was getting closer, Dong Fang Yu Liang could see the sinister smile on his face.


 Behind him, more than ten demonic path Gu Immortals were charging with killing intent.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was all alone, his cultivation level was only at the bottom of rank six, but he was neither flustered nor scared.


 His lips curled up, he showed a mild smile as if he was in complete control of the situation.


 Old Lord Can Yang who was behind him looked on with much curiosity, he wanted to see how he could repel his foes with his current cultivation level.


 Only to see that Dong Fang Yu Liang raised his right arm, his white sleeves were pulled back as his right index finger pointed at the sky, he spoke loudly and leisurely, word by word: “Myriad. Star. Fireflies.”


 The immortals heard this and their advancement halted, their expressions changed.


 Myriad star fireflies was well known in the world of Northern Plains Gu Immortals, it was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s strongest killer move.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was known as the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, that was not just because of his deductions alone, there was also his battle strength!


 Without stunning battle strength, how could he stand firm in the turbulent Northern Plains? Without immense power, how could he lead Dong Fang tribe on the road to success?


 Thus, in terms of battle strength, Dong Fang Chang Fan easily surpassed Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar during his life. After all, he was the first supreme elder of a righteous path super force!


 The wisdom path killer move, myriad star fireflies, was the greatest display of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s battle strength. This move was extremely famous, it was ingrained into the hearts of Northern Plains Gu Immortals.


 “Don’t listen to his bluff! Myriad star fireflies involves tens of thousands of Gu worms, can it be activated so easily?” Zhuo Zhan shouted.


 “He is just a newbie Gu Immortal, he has just ascended and gone beyond the mortal stage, how can he manipulate so many Gu worms immediately?” Lu Qing Ming snickered.


 “Wishful thinking!” Divine Lord Tian Du held his Immortal Gu as he prepared to strike.


 “Hmph, myriad star fireflies, I lost to that move back then. I wonder how much of its power you can use?” Unfettered Scholar’s expression flashed with rage.


 “Are we really doing nothing?” Hei Lou Lan’s heart was pounding in excitement, but Fang Yuan was a great strength amongst them, after Hei Lou Lan lost self strength Immortal Gu, her battle strength was weaker than before.


 “Wait a while longer, the situation is not right.” Fang Yuan wanted to speak of what he had found out earlier, but the sky suddenly changed.


 Earlier, the clouds had dispersed, the surroundings were entirely clear skies. But now, darkness descended as the world turned dim.


 Darkness surrounded the surroundings, countless firefly-like spots of light appeared in the sky, dancing as they moved around.


 Starlight burst out, it was a brilliant and dazzling sight!


 “Myriad star fireflies!!” The demonic path Gu Immortals’ expressions changed, they shouted as they were fell into the midst of the star fireflies.


 Starlight was glowing and reflected on their faces.


 Unfettered Scholar’s expression was pale, this was truly myriad star fireflies, it seemed even stronger than in his memories!


 But how could this be possible?


 Dong Fang Yu Liang had just became an immortal, right? Even if he had Dong Fang Chang Fan’s star will, and could use rank seven red date immortal essence left behind by Dong Fang Chang Fan, this was the first time he was activating myriad star fireflies, how could he be so familiar with it, like he had practiced it a thousand times?


 Unfettered Scholar could not understand it.


 The Gu Immortals around him were in a more pathetic state.


 The surrounding specks of starlight were attacking them from all directions.


 One starlight speck was not powerful, but with tens of thousands of starlight specks? Hundreds of thousands, millions, tens of millions of starlight spots?


 Especially when each of the starlight specks had a star thought in them.


 Even if the Gu Immortals destroyed the starlight specks, the star thoughts would come out and force their way into the Gu Immortals’ minds.


 Even if the Gu Immortals had defensive methods, the starlight specks were endless and nearly unlimited in numbers, they were bound to fail eventually. Once star thoughts find an opportunity and enter their minds, that would be dangerous.


 The least they could do was to disrupt one’s thoughts, the worst they could do was to destroy the person’s thoughts, causing them to become slow-witted, or if all the thoughts in their mind were star thoughts, they would be subdued completely. The star thoughts would replace their cognition, and the Gu Immortal would become Dong Fang Yu Liang’s puppet, manipulated at will!


 “What are you doing?!” Beside Zhuo Zhan, a demonic path Gu Immortal shouted angrily.


 Zhuo Zhan’s face was turning purplish-red: “Sorry, my attack changed directions all of a sudden!”


 “Hmph! With your ability, you want to snatch the wisdom path inheritance? In such a short time, you already got invaded by the star thoughts. You are really more of a trouble than help!” The demonic path Gu Immortal was nearly hit, he was extremely angry.


 “What did you say? Do you dare to say it again?!” Zhuo Zhan was furious too, he shouted at the demonic path Gu Immortal.


 “Enough, are you still fighting amongst yourselves? The important thing now is to escape. This is myriad star fireflies, the longer we stay here, the more dangerous it is.” A Gu Immortal said anxiously.


 Another Gu Immortal immediately rebuked: “Escape? What are you afraid of? He is only a bottom tier rank six Gu Immortal, we have so many people, and Lord Unfettered Scholar, why are you afraid to this extent? In my opinion, we should just attack!”


 Everyone was hesitant on whether to retreat or advance, they subconsciously looked towards Unfettered Scholar.


 Pi Shui Han had already escaped, Fang Yuan was far away, Unfettered Scholar was the only rank seven battle strength here, he was their shepherd.


 It was not that everyone acknowledged Unfettered Scholar as the leader, but in times of difficulty, the strong would handle the greater dangers.


 Unfettered Scholar was their ‘strong’ person, by moving alongside an expert, they would have a greater chance of surviving.


 Unfettered Scholar himself was hesitant.


 He and Dong Fang Chang Fan had fought before, back then, he lost to this move, myriad star fireflies.


 After losing in battle, he learned from his painful lesson, focusing more attention on information regarding Dong Fang Chang Fan, thus his understanding of myriad star fireflies was much deeper than that of other people.


 He knew that myriad star fireflies was a wisdom path killer move, it had immense power, and was created by Dong Fang Chang Fan singlehandedly.


 The weakness of this move was hard to discover.


 At the moment, Unfettered Scholar only knew this: Once a person enters the range of this move, they would be plotted against. Each of the Gu Immortal’s thoughts could produce star thoughts.


 These star thoughts were formed by myriad star fireflies to turn into starlight specks, attacking the Gu Immortal.


 During an intense battle, Gu Immortals would have to consider many things, as their minds worked rapidly, they would create more star thoughts.


 The more star thoughts produced, the stronger the killer move becomes, especially when there are more Gu Immortals in the range, the star thoughts produced would be even greater. When the star thoughts completely took over the Gu Immortals’ minds, they would turn into Dong Fang Yu Liang’s puppets, fighting for him.


 Even if it could not reach that stage, being influenced by the star thoughts, mistakes would occur. Like earlier, when Zhuo Zhan almost injured an ally.


 Thus, myriad star fireflies was a move well suited to deal with multiple enemies, it was weaker when fighting one enemy. Against more people, they would be used to restrain each other, the battle might instead be easier to win.


 The reason Dong Fang Chang Fan created this move was because he had tried to develop Dong Fang tribe singlehandedly. Without many Gu Immortals in his tribe to help him, he often had to fight many enemies alone.


 But after Dong Fang Chang Fan created this move, he no longer feared group fights.


 “The current scenario is what Dong Fang Yu Liang most wants to see. We have many people and are not united, everyone is wary of each other, and we have barely any elites, I am the only rank seven. In a fight, we will become hindrances to each other. Not only that, from the battle earlier, there also seems to be a fire path Gu Immortal hiding here.”


 Unfettered Scholar thought rapidly in his mind, starlight specks appeared around him, he had much more of them compared to other people.


 Given such concerns, Unfettered Scholar did not feel like retreating, instead, his battle intent was roused!


 “I lost to Dong Fang Chang Fan, that was the greatest humiliation in my life. Now that I am facing his successor, if I retreat, how will I face myself afterwards? Even if they have a hidden Gu Immortal, we also have many people. If I retreat instead of fighting, which Gu Immortal in Northern Plains would look up to me in the future?”



***
Chapter 794 - Internal Threat, Chaotic Battle, Advance or Retreat


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After making his decision, Unfettered Scholar’s vigor rose, and he shouted: “Fight! The enemy is merely one person, anyone who is afraid can leave.”


 “Alright, we will follow lord!”


 “Truly worthy of Lord Unfettered Scholar, with you here, who would fear Dong Fang Yu Liang?”


 The group of demons shouted.


 Unfettered Scholar flicked his sleeve and used his killer move, clearing up the lingering starlight around him as he charged towards Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 “Come.” Dong Fang Yu Liang was not in the least afraid of Unfettered Scholar’s rank seven power, he did not retreat but advanced, submerged in starlight.


 For a while, the starlight churned as if it were a sea of stars, surging and rolling unendingly.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was like the master of stars as he maneuvered the endless starlight, raising majestic waves of stars to fight against a group by himself!


 Stars swayed and light fragments flew everywhere.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was hopelessly outnumbered at first and the situation was dangerous. But as time passed, the starlight continued to increase rapidly, almost filling the whole space.


 The starlight obscured vision and made cooperation difficult, while the star thoughts invaded minds causing the demonic path Gu Immortals to make repeated mistakes. As the situation turned more chaotic, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s advantage was getting bigger.


 Many Gu Immortals were accidentally injured several times, gradually, they did not dare to team up, choosing to fight alone, which further reduced the pressure on Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 Only Unfettered Scholar was able to maneuver skilfully around the obstacles, and was the strongest opponent of Dong Fang Yu Liang. Dong Fang Yu Liang had been evading him since the start, not daring to fight head-on with Unfettered Scholar.


 Unfettered Scholar’s fury surged as he got repeatedly obstructed by other demonic path Gu Immortals: “This Dong Fang Yu Liang is too slippery, he is so young but he is as cunning as Dong Fang Chang Fan back then! He is showing no flaws, as if he has been manipulating this killer move since birth! Is Dong Fang Chang Fan’s inheritance so magical?”


 Not far away, Old Lord Can Yang was also inwardly shocked by the might of myriad star fireflies. He remained hidden the whole time, quietly healing himself. Occasionally, he would gaze eerily at Fang Yuan and the group at the edge of the battlefield.


 He had vague speculations about Fang Yuan’s identity and had been waiting for Fang Yuan to jump into the battlefield.


 He did not excel in pursuing enemies, but with the help of myriad star fireflies, he would have a greatly increased chance of capturing Fang Yuan.


 However, since the beginning, Fang Yuan only stood by, looking on without lifting a finger, which caused Old Lord Can Yang to feel anxious and forced him to endure waiting patiently.


 Immortal killer move — Thousand Disintegrations!


 Unfettered Scholar could not fight a prolonged battle, finally using his trump card killer move.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang chuckled, already on guard against this move, his body swayed nimbly like a butterfly, dodging the rays coming from the gaze.


 But right at this moment, Dong Fang Yu Liang suddenly stopped, Dong Fang Wan Xiu’s furious roar resounded within him: ‘Old scoundrel, I will take you down with me!’


 ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ suddenly changed directions and charged straight towards the killer move thousand disintegrations.


 This change was beyond anyone’s expectations.


 The power of thousand disintegrations was deeply imprinted in everyone’s minds, ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ charging straight at it was simply suicidal!


 For a while, everyone was startled and could not react.


 Even Unfettered Scholar was stupefied as he looked at ‘Dong Fang Yu Liang’ charging at his killer move.


 The light of thousand disintegrations shined on Dong Fang Yu Liang’s head, in an instant, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s hair was destroyed, then his skull was melting, with the rays about to hit his brain.


 On this boundary between life and death, Old Lord Can Yang shouted and with no time to continue healing, he showed himself to save Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 He attacked while also defending.


 Flame surged, a blazing inferno rose and charged towards Unfettered Scholar. Confronted with a rank seven expert, Unfettered Scholar had no choice but to divide his attention.


 As this happened, Old Lord Can Yang was able to pull back Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s skull was penetrated through and his brain almost suffered extremely severe damage. At this moment, countless star thoughts surged like a fountain towards the outside through the hole in the skull.


 After being saved by Old Lord Can Yang, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s expression turned calm, representing that Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul had regained control of the body.


 Lingering fear unavoidably showed up on his face.


 If there had been just a slight delay, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s brain would have been entirely disintegrated.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan could be said to have walked around the gates of hell, barely holding onto life. And without Old Lord Can Yang, he might have died again.


 “What happened?!” Old Lord Can Yang retreated while pulling Dong Fang Chang Fan and shouted at the latter, his heart still palpitating.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had explained most of the possession technique to him, but a few crucial final steps were still kept undisclosed by Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Thus, Old Lord Can Yang was absolutely not willing to see Dong Fang Chang Fan’s death.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan intentionally held these back as a failsafe against Old Lord Can Yang, the effects were shown now.


 However, he might have had his life preserved, but Dong Fang Chang Fan looked pale and had an unsightly expression.


 This series of events was because he had hurriedly ascended to immortal and were the side effects of the struggle against the lightning tribulation.


 Originally, Dong Fang Chang Fan had deceived Dong Fang tribe’s eight Gu Immortals and used the phantom formation to extract their immortal aperture origin cores.


 But these cores contained the wills and auras of the eight Gu Immortals, and could not be directly transferred to Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body.


 Thus, Dong Fang Chang Fan used menses blood Immortal Gu to turn these origin cores into a blood veil. Then he used the attacks from the demonic path Gu Immortals to temper and remove the impurities that were the wills and auras of the eight Gu Immortals.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan then would transfer the purified immortal aperture origin cores into Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body, which should have resulted in no side effects.


 However, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity had been too terrifying, far surpassing Dong Fang Chang Fan’s estimation. It resulted in a dangerous situation and at the crucial moment between life and death, Dong Fang Chang Fan had no choice but to skip some of the blood veil’s tempering steps and directly transfer the extracted origin cores into Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body.


 He passed the tribulation and advanced to Gu Immortal. But the new immortal aperture had the eight Gu Immortals’ wills and was filled with their auras.


 These eight Gu Immortals’ bodies and souls were already turned to nothingness prior to the heaven-shaking tribulation. But they were betrayed, creating hatred towards Dong Fang Chang Fan which was retained in their wills and auras.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had to pay full attention to the battle when fighting Unfettered Scholar. A moment of negligence caused the internal danger to erupt, resulting in a strong backlash.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had expected it but during the backlash, he discovered his previous estimations had been too optimistic. The power of the accumulated wills in his immortal aperture was beyond his expectations.


 Thus, the backlash had almost sent him to his own death under thousand disintegrations.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan heaved a sigh and was just about to explain matters to Old Lord Can Yang, when suddenly his face twisted into a ferocious expression.


 Old Lord Can Yang’s mind rang with warning sirens and he quickly released his grip as he retreated.


 The next moment, Dong Fang Yu Liang used a powerful killer move against his benefactor, Old Lord Can Yang.


 Fortunately, Old Lord Can Yang had been vigilant, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s attack struck empty air.


 “Old bastard Chang Fan, you shameless scoundrel, scheming against your own tribe’s Gu Immortals for your rebirth!” Dong Fang Yu Liang furiously shouted, but it was not with his previous voice, rather, it was the voice of Dong Fang Yi Kong.


 Such a strange change confused everyone.


 Unfettered Scholar’s eyes shined with a bright light, and moved in for the kill again. He reacted promptly and used the killer move thousand disintegrations, again directed at Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 However, Dong Fang Chang Fan regained control again and narrowly evaded thousand disintegrations.


 The good scenario did not last for long as soon, the will of another of Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals forcibly took control of the body, shouting and seeking death of their own accord.


 Old Lord Can Yang had no choice but to save Dong Fang Chang Fan from danger again.


 The battle situation had changed.


 The orderly myriad star fireflies which attacked and defended in turn were now flying around chaotically. The pressure on the demonic path Gu Immortals had greatly decreased, and they charged towards Dong Fang Yu Liang one after the other.


 Among them, the threat from Unfettered Scholar was the largest, as he moved unhindered around the sea of starlight, his thousand disintegrations breaking through all obstacles.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan, however, had the help of Old Lord Can Yang. Old Lord Can Yang was an expert of Central Continent’s ancient sects and had deep foundations. His immortal killer move, life chasing fire, was also rather troublesome, obstructing Unfettered Scholar.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang would occasionally suffer the backlash from a certain Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortal, at times causing him to attack Old Lord Can Yang or even seek death, but at other times Dong Fang Chang Fan was able to regain control and fight the demonic path Gu Immortals, attempting to remedy the situation.


 However, all things considered, such a battle situation could not avoid being chaotic.


 The source of the chaos was Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 “What is going on?” Fairy Li Shan and the others were standing at the edge of the battlefield, not knowing what to think about this chaotic fight.


 The strange and confusing situation was beyond their expectations.


 “It seems Dong Fang Chang Fan sacrificed his tribe’s Gu Immortals and possessed Dong Fang Yu Liang, but his plan did not completely succeed. This old bastard really can scheme!” Hei Lou Lan sneered.


 “No matter who Dong Fang Yu Liang is, that fire path Gu Immortal beside him is not of Northern Plains, but an expert of Central Continent’s Immortal Crane Sect, named Old Lord Can Yang. After the battle earlier, he is probably suspicious of me.” Fang Yuan secretly transmitted his voice, exposing the identity of Old Lord Can Yang.


 “What? This is troublesome.” Hei Lou Lan frowned. She and Fang Yuan were tied to the same boat, their gains and losses were linked together. If Fang Yuan was exposed, she would also be in jeopardy.


 “What should we do now? Perhaps we could kill him?” Fairy Li Shan was ready to attack.


 “No! He only has some doubts, as long as I don’t expose myself, he won’t be able to guess my identity in Central Continent. The battle is extremely chaotic now, it will be hard for us to withdraw if we meddle in. Moreover, Dong Fang Chang Fan is a deep schemer, myriad star fireflies is also powerful, while we will have to restrain our full power to hide our identities. What’s more, Old Lord Can Yang is an expert among rank sevens and won’t be easily defeated.” Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered, as he sent this message to the two women.


 He already had the intention to retreat. The situation might be in disorder now, but their circumstances did not allow them to do as they pleased. Even if they could use their full strengths, the combined strength of the three was not enough to dominate the whole battlefield and control the lives and deaths of everyone present.


 “You mean that we should retreat?” Hei Lou Lan, however, was reluctant. As far as she was concerned, the chaotic situation in front of them was still an opportunity.


 She had sworn to get revenge, but Hei Cheng was powerful and her battle strength had decreased after she had also lost self strength Immortal Gu. If she did not use these opportunities to quickly progress ahead, when would she be able to take her revenge?


 Fang Yuan smiled: “I mean that we should retreat as well as advance. Haven’t the two of you discovered that Dong Fang Yu Liang has already lost control over a dozen times in just this short period of time, all in all, it should be due to the wills of the eight Gu Immortals causing trouble.”


 “You mean?” Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s gazes shined brightly as they understood the meaning behind these words.


 “Right. How many Gu Immortals does Dong Fang tribe has? Even if there is some hidden force left behind, Dong Fang tribe’s headquarters would still be at its weakest state in all time. Just think about it, the accumulations of a region’s super force...” Fang Yuan spoke leisurely, however his words ignited the fires in the hearts of Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.


 “Then what are we waiting for, let’s go! Let’s rob Dong Fang Chang Fan’s base!” Hei Lou Lan did not hesitate as she flew straight towards Dong Fang tribe’s headquarters with excitement.



***
Chapter 795 - Arriving First, But Without Success


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Jade Pool blessed land, Dong Fang tribe’s main headquarters, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s home. It had a long history of thousands of years.


 This type of blessed land was different from ordinary blessed lands.


 Ordinary blessed lands were a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture, they belonged to one person. Once their cultivation level reaches rank eight, the immortal aperture would become a grotto-heaven.


 Meanwhile, Jade Pool blessed land did not belong to one Gu Immortal. It was formed from a group of Gu Immortals cutting off a part of their own blessed lands, and was pieced together after that.


 Blessed lands could swallow each other. Earlier, on Tian Ti mountain, Fang Yuan was undergoing the earthly calamity of the desolate beast swamp crab, he had to discard a portion of his blessed land. In the end, this part was taken away by the demonic path Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain, fusing it into their own blessed lands.


 The swallowing of blessed lands had very strict requirements. But the requirements of piecing blessed lands together were much lower.


 Most of the super forces in the five regions had a main camp that was formed by piecing together the contributions of various Gu Immortals.


 Dong Fang tribe’s Jade Pool blessed land, Murong tribe’s Yin-Yang blessed land, Guan tribe’s Shi Huang blessed land, and Hei tribe’s Iron Eagle blessed land all were like this.


 Even Northern Plains’ number one demonic path force, Snowy Mountain blessed land, was the same.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals contributed a portion of their blessed lands, creating Snowy Mountain blessed land. They then lived in it, the mountain peaks that they each occupied was the region that they took out from their own immortal apertures.


 The owner of the first peak, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, had his own rank eight grotto-heaven. Fairy Li Shan, who was the owner of the third peak, also had her own immortal aperture.


 The Gu Immortal’s personal immortal aperture was extremely important, there were countless treasures placed in them, it was a private area. In most situations, outsiders would not be allowed in. If there was any damage done, the losses were severe.


 Regarding this, there was also a rather peculiar example, it was Zombie Alliance. The members of Zombie Alliance were immortal zombies.


 Since the immortal zombies’ immortal apertures were dead, a portion of the aperture would break apart once in a while, and they furthermore could not be fused together. Therefore, in each of the five regions, the headquarters of Zombie Alliance did not form from immortal apertures, for example, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s headquarters was Dark Flow Giant City.


 Such a headquarters was naturally inferior to a blessed land. This was another reason why Zombie Alliance’s branches were weaker than super forces.


 Thus, to Fang Yuan and the others, Jade Pool blessed land was not hard to find.


 Blessed lands that were pieced together like this were usually placed on the ground, taking in earth qi to stabilize the space inside. At the same time, they could slow time flow and postpone the arrival of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities.


 “I know the location of this Jade Pool blessed land clearly. If it was not moved away, it should be to the northeast. Let’s fly over there, at this speed, it would only take an hour.” Fairy Li Shan led the way.


 “It should still be at the original place. The main camp of such a super force is very important, it is the central point used between super forces when splitting up their respective territories. It would not be moved under normal circumstances.” Hei Lou Lan was excited: “Dong Fang Chang Fan miscalculated this time, he actually removed his own manpower, sacrificing Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals to revive himself!”


 Fang Yuan followed behind the two women without speaking.


 As they flew rapidly, huge winds were blowing, causing buzzing noises around the ears.


 Fang Yuan’s memories of his previous life began to surface in his mind.


 In his previous life, he knew very little about Dong Fang Chang Fan. He had no idea whether Dong Fang Chang Fan succeeded in possessing Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body in his previous life.


 But he knew at least that Dong Fang Yu Liang was only a rank five Gu Master for a long time. At that time, Imperial Court blessed land was not destroyed, after Hei Lou Lan won and came out from Imperial Court blessed land, she tried to overturn and change the current rules, dying suddenly one day.


 Eventually, Ma Hong Yun stepped up on the stage. After that, he led his army and became the Lord of the Imperial Court for many rounds. During the third Imperial Court contest, he was suppressed by three hearts combination soul and was captured by Dong Fang tribe alive. In the end, Ma Hong Yun’s luck was overwhelming, he actually got Dong Fang Yu Liang’s sister, Dong Fang Qing Yu, on his side, not only did she free him, she also gave him the secret of three hearts combination soul, allowing Ma Hong Yun to emerge victorious, and Dong Fang tribe lost terribly.


 Fang Yuan thought about this and he inwardly came to a realization, he had a different view now: “If, in my previous life, Dong Fang Chang Fan managed to possess Dong Fang Yu Liang, then Dong Fang Qing Yu was doing this not because of Ma Hong Yun, but because she found out something and wanted to avenge her brother.”


 After all, Dong Fang Yu Liang and Dong Fang Qing Yu were siblings that had mutually supported and stuck close by each other since they were young. No matter how Dong Fang Chang Fan acted, after a long time, he would definitely mess up in front of such a close relation.


 “Or maybe Dong Fang Chang Fan failed in his possession. Or maybe he succeeded, but the effect was not great, Dong Fang Yu Liang was still a mortal Gu Master.” Fang Yuan guessed.


 Ever since he destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, along with Imperial Court blessed land, the events in Northern Plains had changed hugely.


 Just at minimum, in his previous life, Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortals like Dong Fang Yi Kong and Dong Fang Wan Xiu were still alive, but now they were sacrificed.


 Such huge changes had also affected Central Continent’s events, they were changing rapidly.


 Central Continent was the center of the five regions, one could predict that in future developments, the other three regions would also be affected to an extent.


 “The advantage of my rebirth is becoming smaller.” Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.


 As he got stronger, the influence that he was creating also increased. It was called the butterfly effect, but Fang Yuan was already no longer a butterfly, he was an eagle.


 An hour later, they arrived at Jade Pool blessed land.


 The situation in front of them was slightly out of their expectations.


 Jade Pool blessed land was an independent small world, when its entrance was closed, it could not be seen with the naked eye.


 But now, there was a huge hole in it, one could see the situation inside the blessed land from outside.


 At the same time, there were loud explosions, sounds of fighting could be heard.


 “There was someone who got here first?” Hei Lou Lan’s gaze focused.


 “Judging by this, they have just created a hole and entered. I had made an agreement with Dong Fang Chang Fan, I cannot attack Dong Fang tribe.” Fairy Li Shan said.


 Fang Yuan would thus be the core battle strength amongst the three, he walked in front and shouted: “Let’s go in and see!”


 The three entered the hole and got into Jade Pool blessed land.


 Only to see that there was a huge battle in the blessed land, several demonic path Gu Immortals were fighting with the desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts that were guarding the blessed land, it was an intense fight.


 “It seems that our timing is just right.” Hei Lou Lan’s mood relaxed, but her tone sank immediately after: “It is Pi Shui Han!”


 As it turned out, after Pi Shui Han was hit by Old Lord Can Yang’s life chasing fire, he could not dispel it. Afraid that others would attack him, he had no choice but to escape.


 As he escaped, he gradually calmed down. He found out in surprise that his clothes were still intact even with the fire burning.


 Pi Shui Han had an idea, after thinking about it, he realized: This life chasing fire could only burn something with life force, his clothes were not alive, thus they were not harmed. Meanwhile, he had been using healing killer moves, they made his life force even greater, causing the fire to burn more intensely.


 After finding this out, Pi Shui Han changed his tactics. He restrained most of the life force in his body, finally extinguishing the life chasing fire.


 After getting rid of this threat, he turned around and wanted to go back to Tai Qiu battlefield.


 On the way back, he met a few rank six demonic path Gu Immortals who had left stealthily and were trying to take advantage of his situation.


 Pi Shui Han was an astute person, seeing that these few people were tailing him secretly, he understood their intentions, anger surged in him as he taught them a lesson.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals worked together, but they were not the rank seven Pi Shui Han’s match.


 When Pi Shui Han had been venting, the sound of the battle drew in two rank six peak Gu Immortals. They were Qie Shi Min of the enslavement path and Half Moon Brutemaster of the moon path.


 These two had pretty good relationships with a certain demonic path Gu Immortal, they intervened and mediated the situation. They also convinced Pi Shui Han to not go back to Tai Qiu, that he should instead go to Dong Fang tribe’s main camp.


 Pi Shui Han was wary of the life chasing fire already, next, he heard that Half Moon Brutemaster had an Immortal Gu that could easily pierce space and could enter Jade Pool blessed land.


 Pi Shui Han thought about Unfettered Scholar, and Fang Yuan’s group with their mysterious depths, he also thought about the wisdom path inheritance, even if he got it, it would be incomplete and have low value, it would be of little use to him. Thus, he decided to change his plans, to attack Jade Pool blessed land with the other demonic path Gu Immortals.


 At Jade Pool blessed land, Half Moon Brutemaster used his method and truly formed a pathway to enter.


 Everyone charged in, thinking of simply reaping some profits before leaving. But they found out that there were no Gu Immortals obstructing them, and just as they were fighting with the desolate beasts protecting the blessed land, Fang Yuan and the others appeared.


 Seeing that the three black robed Gu Immortals were also here to loot the place, the nearby enslavement path Gu Immortal Qie Shi Min made a move.


 He willed and three huge desolate beast birds flew out from his immortal aperture, encircling them.


 “Who are you? I spent so much effort in creating this hole, are you here to simply take advantage of this?!” Half Moon Brutemaster shouted, he waved his arm and his killer move was unleashed.


 Pi Shui Han saw Fang Yuan and his pupils shrunk, he felt a faint headache, it’s the three of them, why did they come here too?”


 He knew Fang Yuan’s strength, but he still found some time to attack him.


 These people had made an agreement earlier before entering, if anyone else enters after them, they would attack together and defend their interests.


 But Pi Shui Han’s attacks were slightly slower, even though his attacks looked powerful, he had reserved most of his strength, if the situation turned bad, he could retreat at any time.


 As for the other demonic path Gu Immortals, the moment they saw Fang Yuan, they sucked in breaths of cold air. Pi Shui Han had confidence from his cultivation level, but why would these people dare to attack and implicate themselves? Thus, they disregarded the earlier agreement, they acted like they were obstructed by the desolate beasts and could not find time or energy to attack.


 “Hehe, come.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, five strength path giant hands flew out.


 Three strength path giant hands suddenly grabbed the desolate beast birds, the birds cried out in pain from their force.


 As for the other two, they destroyed Half Moon Brutemaster and Pi Shui Han’s attacks effortlessly.


 Qie Shi Min and Half Moon Brutemaster did not know about him, they saw this and were extremely shocked.


 “Rank seven battle strength!”


 “Where is this expert from?”


 Fang Yuan forced them back, he laughed even more wildly, two more giant hands flew out, along with two others formed earlier, a total of four hands flew towards Pi Shui Han.


 At the same time, he shouted: “Pi Shui Han, to think that you came here as well. It seems that the lesson earlier was not enough for you!”


 Saying this, he demonstrated an extremely arrogant and proud attitude, like he had already fought with Pi Shui Han and taught him a lesson.


 Qie Shi Min and Half Moon Brutemaster heard this and their hearts shook, their fighting spirit immediately fell.



***
Chapter 796 - Everyone With Different Intentions, Going After Precious Treasures


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Pi Shui Han snorted coldly, he was inwardly extremely angered.


 He was a famous expert, Fang Yuan’s loud taunting was something that had not happened to him for a very long time.


 Pi Shui Han did not want to show a weak demeanor, just as he was about to attack and fight back against Fang Yuan, Fairy Li Shan flew out and exposed her rank seven aura, meanwhile at another side, Hei Lou Lan did not conceal her activation of multiple Immortal Gu.


 This was obviously a situation of the three of them fighting him at once.


 Pi Shui Han’s eyes twitched, he gritted his teeth and stopped his attack.


 He had no choice but to stop.


 Because right now, there was no one with the strength of Unfettered Scholar around him.


 He was alone against many strong foes.


 Pi Shui Han could not regain the face he lost, as he fought with the desolate beast, he snorted, saying to Fang Yuan: “Didn’t you guys run here too? Don’t be too arrogant, do you really think I am a pushover? I am thinking about the big picture, I have greater objectives, I do not want to waste time with a brute like you over small matters. With such huge benefits in front of us, if I waste time in being pestered by you, it would be a huge regret to miss this opportunity.”


 Although the desolate beast was fierce, Pi Shui Han was much stronger, he could speak as he fought, interacting with Fang Yuan and the others.


 In comparison, Qie Shi Min and Half Moon Brutemaster appeared much inferior.


 “Hehe.” Fairy Li Shan laughed, she stood in the air as she said in a hoarse voice: “He is right, now is indeed not the time to fight among ourselves.”


 “Why don’t we force them back and take Jade Pool blessed land for ourselves?” Fang Yuan growled unhappily on purpose.


 Hei Lou Lan coordinated with him, she immediately rebuked: “There is not enough time, do you think we haven’t considered this? Since we can come here, others are not fools, there will be others coming here soon. Moreover, Dong Fang Chang Fan is a scheming old fox, why would he not set up defenses around his base camp?”


 Fairy Li Shan also said: “We’ll handle it like that, how many times have I told you, number seven, you need to control your quick temper.”


 Fairy Li Shan purposely spoke like she was scolding Fang Yuan, he snorted and acted as if he was obeying orders from her.


 These three had already cooperated many times, they had chemistry in coordinating between themselves, with their current performance, there was no flaw.


 Pi Shui Han felt even more wary now.


 Qie Shi Min and Half Moon Brutemaster looked at each other, thinking that this situation was troublesome.


 At the same time, they felt some suspicion and uncertainty: “Where did this mysterious force come from?”


 “Such a person is only number seven, and not the leader?”


 “Brother Pi, Jade Pool blessed land is so big, it is not something we can take for ourselves alone, why don’t we work together for now, time is limited, the longer we drag on, the more unexpected problems could occur.” Fairy Li Shan said solemnly.


 Pi Shui Han did not want to fight them, he saw a way out that could save some face for him, on the outside he showed a reluctant expression as he spoke: “Fine, you can join in too. But we had an agreement earlier, we cannot fight among ourselves, there are certainly many valuable things so whoever finds them will get to own them. If there is a dispute, you can undergo transactions privately. If that is insufficient, strength will decide the rest!”


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan looked at each other, seeing the smile in each other’s eyes.


 What rules were these?


 This was no different from saying there were no rules!


 Among demonic path Gu Masters, they often lacked trust. Such rules were compatible with the style of the demonic path, there were no restraints at all.


 “Of course, earlier, Pi Shui Han, Qie Shi Min and the others probably had more rules than this. There was probably a part about using cultivation level to decide who gets more resources.” Fang Yuan muttered in his thoughts.


 Pi Shui Han was a rank seven Gu Immortal, he had the greatest battle strength, he naturally had to protect his own interests.


 But the situation was different now, Fang Yuan’s side was even stronger, Pi Shui Han was at a disadvantage, he would not blindly list out such a condition.


 Qie Shi Min and Half Moon Brutemaster were extremely regretful.


 Why did they attack so quickly? They did not observe the situation clearly!


 The enslavement path Gu Immortal Qie Shi Min saw that they were negotiating, he had to take a risk and say: “Would sir return my three desolate birds?”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, saying arrogantly: “These birds may look impressive but are worthless, you can have them back.”


 Saying this, he tossed these three desolate beast birds without a second thought, like they were worth nothing.


 Qie Shi Min felt anger inwardly, he was extremely stifled.


 These three desolate beast birds were indeed low in battle strength, but they were easy to raise and control.


 There was only one beast enslavement Immortal Gu in the world, but there were many ways other than that to control desolate beasts. Wisdom path, water path, fire path, and others, they all could do so.


 There were other techniques that Qie Shi Min did not use, once he did, he could raise the desolate beast birds’ battle strength by fifty percent.


 But Fang Yuan and the others were too ruthless, if they had fought, he might have done that. However, they went directly to Pi Shui Han to find trouble, they did not even give him a second glance.


 These two demonic path Gu Immortals did not know the background of Fang Yuan and the others, but they knew Pi Shui Han’s power.


 Even Pi Shui Han was suppressed, having the disadvantage, why would they dare to attack?


 Thus, Qie Shi Min was deterred, he had cowered before even fighting, he did not dare to use his real offensive techniques.


 He did not reply to Fang Yuan’s taunting, he kept quiet as he endured it, not daring to say a word.


 In truth, Fairy Li Shan was a rank seven information path Gu Immortal with ordinary battle strength. After Hei Lou Lan lost Self Strength, she did not have a true immortal killer move, her battle strength fell and was around rank six middle tier.


 If Fang Yuan and Pi Shui Han fought, as time passed, he would inevitably fall into a disadvantage.


 Comparing their collective strengths, Fang Yuan’s side was weaker.


 But in war, destroying the enemy’s plan was the best tactic. The second best way was to destroy their connections, then the best after that was attacking their troops, and finally, attacking their cities. Fang Yuan and the others used the best tactic, they won before even fighting.


 Although the power levels in different worlds were somewhat different, or they could even be very different, but regarding such philosophy, it could be applied everywhere.


 Whichever world it was, the logic of ruining the enemy’s plans was an astute move.


 Only an imbecile would want to fight and kill all day.


 Anyone who had slight knowledge of politics would know that war was only a method, it was an extension of political strife. And the core of politics was the economy.


 Economy meant profits, in other words, all fighting was done for the sake of profits.


 To Fang Yuan, coldness, arrogance, humility, conceit, all of these were masks, they were tools for him to obtain profits.


 The two sides came to an agreement and decided to collaborate. The desolate beasts in Jade Pool blessed land were originally at a disadvantage, with no commander. Now that there were new members to the group of demonic path Gu Immortals, the beasts quickly lost. Some died, some got injured, and some escaped.


 “Hahaha, let’s charge in.” Fang Yuan purposely laughed wildly, taking the lead as he flew into a deep part of Jade Pool blessed land.


 From a bird’s eye view in the air, the blessed land’s huge landmass had pools of all sizes that could be seen all over the place.


 There were deep pools and small lakes connected with each other, in untold numbers. They were like the stars in the night sky, indescribably beautiful.


 The terrain of the blessed land was somewhat chaotically ordered, it was organized in accordance to being centered upon each jade pool, spreading out in a circular fashion. There were some grasslands, some green trees that formed shade for the pools. There were some pools in mountains, and there were some in swamps.


 “This is a good blessed land!” Fang Yuan could not help but praise.


 Soon after, Hei Lou Lan arrived behind him, she did not speak but her eyes were shining.


 Fairy Li Shan also arrived soon afterwards, she smiled as she introduced: “Each of the jade pools here are unique, they have different types of waters and nurture countless species of creatures, or Gu worm groups. Some were used to create a specific environment, to store all their resources. Dong Fang Chang Fan had his own unique concept of management, when he was around, he brought in resources from Eastern Sea, growing them in Jade Pool blessed land until they bore fruit, which he then sold to Northern Plains Gu Immortals. Be it righteous path or demonic path, they were all popular goods. Even in treasure yellow heaven, Dong Fang tribe’s fish groups and aquatic plants were famous. Even though they could not match Eastern Sea’s super forces in this aspect, it was quite a unique specialty.”


 Hearing this, Hei Lou Lan understood, she was ready to move: “This means that in each of these pools, there is a stockpile of resources.”


 “Hahaha, there are so many crystal marrow aquatic plants, it is suitable for my blessed land, I can save a huge amount of expenses now!” Not far away, a demonic path Gu Immortal had already taken over a pool as he laughed loudly.


 “We have to split up, if we stay together, others might be suspicious.” Fang Yuan transmitted.


 “Alright, let’s act separately, we can gain more that way. But keep in touch and take care of each other, not only are we dealing with Pi Shui Han and the others, there might also be Dong Fang Chang Fan’s traps. I will go first!” Hei Lou Lan changed her direction and flew away from Fang Yuan and Fairy Li Shan, she flew towards a deep pool below.


 “This child...” Fairy Li Shan looked at Hei Lou Lan’s figure as she sighed, saying to Fang Yuan: “I had previously agreed to not attack Dong Fang tribe. I cannot touch these resources, but I can skirt around the restrictions. I will investigate this place, if I find a precious resource, I will inform you two.”


 “Alright.” Fang Yuan replied curtly.


 He suddenly looked towards a deep pool, it was shining brightly, like there was a layer of oil on top. The surface area of the pool’s top layer was also larger than the other pools.


 “I am going too!” Fang Yuan moved and flew down at lightning speed.


 Fairy Li Shan flew towards the sky, hiding into the clouds.


 Far away, Pi Shui Han saw that the three of them had split up, a dark light flashed in his eyes as he snorted coldly, turning towards a jade pool.


 Fairy Li Shan flew into the clouds so that she could use hole earth Gu, she transmitted only to Hei Lou Lan secretly: “Quick! There are two great treasures in Jade Pool blessed land, one is Thatched Hut, the other is Miniscule Mountain. The former is a rank six Immortal Gu House, it can both attack and defend, specializing in storage. The latter is a legendary place recorded >, one of the variant humans, the miniman race lives in it. No matter which one we obtain, it will be of huge help to our cultivation in the future.”


 Hei Lou Lan immediately responded: “I have also heard of these two treasures. But little aunt, how did you confirm that these two are in Jade Pool blessed land?”


 Fairy Li Shan smiled as she replied: “I have cooperated with Dong Fang tribe so many times, I know some matters about their internal affairs. Thatched Hut stores most of Dong Fang tribe’s public wealth, even Dong Fang Chang Fan cannot take them for his personal use inappropriately. As for Miniscule Mountain, despite being small, it is a real mountain, it needs to take in earth qi to stabilize its form, it cannot be brought out easily. Furthermore, Dong Fang Chang Fan had the agreement with the righteous path forces created using it, with Miniscule Mountain guarding this place, that would form the greatest restraints on the alliance!”


 “Of course, these two treasures could have been moved away secretly, but the possibility of that is small. Regardless, we have to give it a try. There are countless jade pools, Thatched Hut might still be at its former location, follow my instructions and go there stealthily.”



***
Chapter 797 - Flick, Flick, Flick, Subduing a Shark Fin Wolf


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hei Lou Lan was even more excited, quickly replying: “Little aunt, rest assured, I am already deep into the pool and am drilling a hole underground!”


 In the air, Fairy Li Shan suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, this was the backlash from the alliance agreement, but she could endure this much.


 She casually wiped away the blood and continued to transmit information to Hei Lou Lan secretly: “Alright, I will scout for you from up here, move stealthily and make sure other Gu Immortals don’t discover you. Especially Fang Yuan, he is extremely shrewd and calculating, even Pi Shui Han is dancing to his tune. We are in the Snowy Mountain Alliance with him, but its time limit is approaching, you need to make sure to be on guard against him.”


 “That goes without saying!” Hei Lou Lan quickly replied.


 Fang Yuan moved rapidly to above a jade pool, causing gusts of wind that raised waves on the surface of the pool.


 Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories and although he did not have investigative Immortal Gu, his mortal investigative methods were ahead by a generation in comparison to the surrounding Gu Immortals. He looked around for a while before immediately ascertaining that there was nothing in this pool apart from water.


 “So it is oil water.” He frowned slightly as he examined.


 Oil water was naturally not regular water, but a resource found in the depths of deep seas. It was a Gu refinement material and was extremely common in Eastern Sea. In Northern Plains and Western Desert, however, it was rather rare.


 There were almost no transactions of small amounts of oil water in treasure yellow heaven. It was because the profits were too low and the fee of treasure yellow heaven was too high, making the loss more than the gains.


 When oil water transactions appeared in treasure yellow heaven, they were essentially in very large amounts, but even then it was hard to earn significant profits. Also, because the oil water Eastern Sea produced was basically used by their own cultivators, the frequency of such large transactions was extremely low.


 Dong Fang tribe was not only storing oil water, but also had an ingenious use for it, this pool’s water was extremely deep, connecting to deep underground and extracting traces of earth qi.


 Oil water was basically a resource that was produced in deep water and large trenches.


 “Dong Fang tribe set up this pool to use oil water to produce more oil water. Once in a while, they will put in clear water and with the continuous mixing of earth qi and oil water, the oil water in the pool would gradually restore to its original concentration.” Fang Yuan was very experienced and with just a moment of thinking, he was aware of the operation method of Dong Fang tribe.


 Oil water was not easy to extract and required specific Gu worms. 

 Fang Yuan’s slight frown was because of this.


 He knew there was a small, specially designated group of Gu Masters who went to the depths of seas to extract oil water. Gu worm recipes that were handed down from generation to generation were arranged in a set to draw and extract this oil water.

