
 These people made a living from this, and their Gu worm set were meant to extract oil water. They did not have high battle strength, but their social status were high and they were welcomed by all the forces of Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan had been to Eastern Sea in his previous life and had come across an old oil water extraction specialist.


 This Gu Master was rather old, and he only had a granddaughter, to whom he wanted Fang Yuan to wed and also adopt her surname. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan refused in the end.


 Fang Yuan’s eyebrows soon relaxed.


 He pointed his index finger at the surface of the pool and lightly bent it; immediately, the pool water rose like a dragon, obediently moving into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 There would have been nothing Fang Yuan could do if this was before the auction, but after the auction, he had the strength path Immortal Gu, Pulling Water, its effect was specialized for dealing with water, wasn’t this a trivial matter?


 “It is just that oil water is precious, but it is not immortal material. Using Immortal Gu Pulling Water to collect it is simply overkill, but I plan to attend Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention and oil water is suitable to be used at earlier stages. Otherwise, I would not have gathered it.”


 Using Immortal Gu meant spending green grape immortal essence. And the value of green grape immortal essence was much higher than oil water.


 If it were not for the Refinement Path Convention, Fang Yuan might have simply ignored it and left.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was standing in the air with his hands clasped behind his back, the oil water constantly moving towards his immortal aperture.


 He slightly leaned to the side and looked in Hei Lou Lan’s direction.


 There was no news from Hei Lou Lan’s end, as if she had gone to another pool.


 A dark gaze flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes; he had some guesses about Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan’s secret plans, but was not worried.


 With the advantage of rebirth, how could he not know of Thatched Hut and Miniscule Mountain? In truth, he probably knew of them even more clearly than Fairy Li Shan.


 In the five regions chaotic war during Fang Yuan’s previous life, all sorts of Immortal Gu Houses were brought into fights, creating many large scale battles.


 Immortal killer moves could be easily targeted and subdued, but Immortal Gu Houses combined defense and offense, even if they had different specialties, they fundamentally did not have shortcomings on other aspects.


 In particular, the more Gu Immortals an Immortal Gu House stored, the stronger their might. It was almost like an unstoppable fortress in the battlefield.


 “Thatched Hut would not be Thatched Hut if it could be easily found.” Fang Yuan stored all of the oil water before flying towards another pool.


 After storing several resources like oil water, Fang Yuan finally came across a pool where a beast group, that made his eyes brighten, was dwelling.


 Sensing Fang Yuan’s mighty presence encroaching upon their territory, wolf howls resounded, several tens of thousands of shark fin wolves rushed out. The wolves formed a large wave, glaring fiercely at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had used shark fin wolves when he had disguised himself as Wolf King Chang Shan Yin.


 They were extremely useful.


 They had the size of an elephant and could live in both land and water, and were one of the few wolf species that could fight underwater.


 They had powerful defense, their bodies were covered with smooth crocodile-like armor, while there were sharp, deep blue fins on the sides. On their backs, there was a row of shark-like fins, which formed a line extending from the wolf’s head to its tail.


 They were not fast and were often used by Fang Yuan as shields in his wolf formations.


 Naturally, these mortal beasts were not of much interest to Fang Yuan currently.


 Fang Yuan’s burning gaze was on the leader of the wolf group.


 This was an enormous shark fin wolf that was over ten meters tall. With a smooth and graceful build, its physique was a perfect combination of strength and beauty.


 This shark fin wolf was crouched low, with its dense sharp canines exposed. Its lantern sized eyes were fixed upon Fang Yuan, as if it was going to pounce at him the very next moment.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, having an intention to subdue it.


 He did not have beast enslavement Immortal Gu, but he could somewhat control this level of desolate beast with other methods.


 There was only one beast enslavement Immortal Gu, which was in Lang Ya blessed land. This Gu showed instantaneous effect when enslaving a desolate beast. The desolate beast could be controlled in accordance with one’s thoughts; this allowed a supreme showcase of enslavement path.


 Fang Yuan did not have beast enslavement Immortal Gu, and naturally other enslavement path Gu Immortals also did not have it. However, the use of Gu depended on the Gu Immortal’s creativity, there were all sorts of methods and killer moves that could substitute for beast enslavement Immortal Gu.


 For instance, flying bear phantom Gu was a unique method of phantom path in enslaving a desolate beast. Water path, fire path, light path and other paths also had their own respective methods. Otherwise, how could Dong Fang Chang Fan control so many phantom beasts in the battle at Tai Qiu?


 Every path was independent of each other, but yet interlinked with each other. Taking references, interacting and competing with other paths created the current Gu Master structure that had all sorts of styles.


 Even without the enslavement methods, a desolate beast could be raised from youth to nurture emotional connection and intimacy, and could be made to protect oneself or attack enemies. Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang and the nine palace crane, Little Nine, were a classic example of man and beast developing a close relationship.


 Naturally, these methods absolutely could not compare to the effect of beast enslavement Immortal Gu.


 Enslavement path was able to be classified as a path, so its enslavement methods were definitely superior to that of other paths.


 Fang Yuan and the wolf were locked in a stand-off for a while, the desolate beast shark fin wolf was still restraining itself, not daring to recklessly move because it could sense a threat from the aura Fang Yuan gave off.


 Since that was the case, Fang Yuan took the initiative to attack. Two strength path giant hands pressed down upon the shark fin wolf from the left and right.


 The desolate beast shark fin wolf howled before taking a slight step back, a layer of glass-like watery armor immediately appeared on its body.


 The next moment, it fiercely jumped above Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan could detect a foul odor assailing his nostrils from the wolf’s opened mouth.


 Following the odor were countless water bullets that were rapidly being shot out of the shark fin wolf’s mouth.


 Fang Yuan did not dodge or evade, as he sent out another two strength path giant hands at the shark fin wolf.


 The storm of water bullets smashed at the strength path giant hands, but only served to slightly slow them. These water bullets could not even be considered mortal killer moves, naturally they would not be able to compare to an immortal killer move.


 At the same time, the previous two strength path giant hands rose up and grabbed the two rear legs of the shark fin wolf before dragging it down.


 The pitiful shark fin wolf had just jumped to the air but was dragged down before it could reach Fang Yuan.


 Boom. The desolate beast shark fin wolf crashed hard at the ground, and some unlucky ordinary shark fin wolves that could not dodge in time were turned to meat paste by their leader.


 The desolate beast shark fin wolf roared in anger and struggled to get up, to pounce at Fang Yuan again, but the next moment, it saw a strength path giant hand getting closer.


 The strength path giant hand was powerful, and before it even reached the shark fin wolf, the latter felt difficulty breathing as its heart trembled.


 The shark fin wolf wanted to dodge, but its rear legs were firmly grasped by two strength path giant hands. It twisted and turned its body but still could not evade, the strength path giant hand fiercely slammed at its face.


 The shark fin wolf howled miserably, its head was slammed to the ground so forcefully that it formed a large crater.


 Only after a few long moments, it was able to barely raise its head from the crater.


 However, the attack had caused its sight to become blurry, tears and snot flowing down its face.


 It shook its head, still not giving up on resisting, but the second strength path giant hand slammed it at this moment.


 The shark fin wolf howled miserably again as another large crater formed on the ground. It felt extreme grief and indignation, the enemy was powerful and also shameless, not giving it any time to react.


 Fang Yuan sent out another strength path giant hand, a total of five flew around, pressing and beating the desolate beast shark fin wolf to the ground, a cloud of dust rose and the ground cracked.


 The wolf group beside the desolate beast shark fin wolf darted around everywhere, howling miserably and shooting out water bullets, but the quantity was so large that the bullets collided against each other partway and destroyed each other. Fang Yuan’s build was not big and the number of water bullets that landed on him were very few, they were like light drizzle that could be neglected.


 “What sound is this?” Not far away, Half Moon Brutemaster gazed over at the commotion.


 His pupils shrunk when he saw how Fang Yuan was mauling the desolate beast shark fin wolf.


 He already knew Fang Yuan had rank seven battle strength, but when he personally saw Fang Yuan leisurely beating up a desolate beast, his heart could not help but tremble intensely.


 There was simply no suspense, as the desolate beast shark fin wolf did not even have the energy to retaliate.


 If Fang Yuan only had rank six battle strength, maybe it could struggle for some time. But with battle strength of a realm higher, the desolate beast shark fin wolf could only take the beating passively.


 Especially given that the desolate beasts raised in this blessed land carried no Immortal Gu.


 Any Immortal Gu would be taken away by Gu Immortals. Immortal Gu were so precious, how could they let a desolate beast have it?


 However, even though the shark fin wolf was beaten until it could not even raise its head, its attitude was still stubborn.


 Fang Yuan snorted, deciding to increase the force.


 With a shift of his mind, four strength path giant hands separately grabbed the shark fin wolf’s front legs and hind legs, then lifted it into the air.


 The desolate beast shark fin wolf had been beaten into a horrid sight, its whole body was spread out in an ungainly way, while its four limbs were constantly emitting sounds of fractures from the ruthless grasps of the four strength path giant hands.


 The remaining strength path giant hand started to rain slaps on the shark fin wolf’s cheeks.


 Crack crack crack!


 The wolf’s large head swung to the left and right from the repeated slaps of the hand.


 The wolf group below howled more miserably and loudly. Most of the wolf group had already collapsed while some at the periphery were already starting to flee.


 “This is truly hanging it up and beating to a pulp!” Cold sweat was already seeping out of Half Moon Brutemaster’s shiny forehead at this sight.


 Fang Yuan’s viciousness and strength terrified him.


 The desolate beast shark fin wolf was almost pounded into a slurry, even the sounds of its wails changed. However, it still opened its eyes with difficulty, and its gaze still carried extreme stubbornness and bone-deep hatred.


 Wolves were beasts that deeply bore grudges.


 “Still not submitting?” Fang Yuan also felt somewhat of a headache, submitting to the strong was a wild beast’s survival instinct. According to conventional reasoning, the desolate beast shark fin wolf should have already submitted in front of such a massive difference in strength.


 Fang Yuan carefully observed and made a discovery.


 “So this shark fin wolf has gone into heat and this time period is when its alpha male characteristics are at its strongest, no wonder it is stubborn.”


 He suddenly had an eccentric idea.


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, the strength path giant hand changed again.


 The middle finger of the giant hand bent and touched the thumb.


 From afar, Half Moon Brutemaster looked on as this strength path giant hand slowly moved down to between the shark fin wolf’s two rear legs.


 Suddenly, the thumb slightly relaxed and the middle finger flicked.


 It very accurately struck this male wolf’s penis!


 “Awoooo—!” The desolate beast shark fin wolf shook fiercely, like it had been electrocuted. Its eyes seemed to be opened until almost falling out, as it howled to the sky, its voice filled with boundless pain.


 Flick flick flick!


 “Wooo, woooo, awoooo——!” The shark fin wolf howled in an increasingly loud voice.


 Half Moon Brutemaster watched this with his mouth and eyes wide open.


 “Thi..thi..this...” He stammered, unable to say a word.


 He understood Fang Yuan was trying to force the desolate beast shark fin wolf to submit, but this method was simply unheard of!


 In that instant, Fang Yuan’s image underwent a huge change in Half Moon Brutemaster’s mind.


 Fang Yuan’s entire body was clothed in a black robe, with his appearance hidden. But outsiders could naturally try to make guesses on his appearance.


 Half Moon Brutemaster had imagined Fang Yuan to have a fierce and cruel appearance, with a burly and thickly built body, his protruding eyes shooting out a fierce gaze that seemed to want to find people to devour.


 Now, however, this figure underwent a transformation.


 The image of a robust warrior was no more, the burly build had turned into one with broad shoulders and a thin waist, the gaze was sinister, the teeth were dense and sharp, and there was a trace of perversion.


 The desolate beast shark fin wolf’s mental defenses were finally broken, and it fully submitted.


 The strength path giant hands loosened their grasp, and it collapsed to the ground, motionless. Its enormous, aesthetically beautiful body was now bent like a large shrimp, its two front claws were grabbing between its two rear legs as it whimpered weakly, like a weak little flower that could be in dire straits from slight wind and rain.


 Fang Yuan mumbled while chuckling: “This is a good method.”


 He then turned to look at the distant Half Moon Brutemaster.


 He had naturally already discovered the latter’s stealthy glances.


 Half Moon Brutemaster could not see Fang Yuan’s true appearance, but he felt Fang Yuan’s gaze was firm, like a giant snake that was coiling around his body. The dark, cold and slippery snake scales tightly held on to his warm body.


 Half Moon Brutemaster shivered as he felt an ominous chill emerging from the depths of his heart. In particular, the region between his legs seemed to feel a bit more cold.


 “This person is exceedingly savage and absolutely not someone I can deal with. I have to avoid him when I see him in the future! Sigh, the world is difficult, life is not easy.” Half Moon Brutemaster swallowed his saliva and rapidly flew away, going as far as to resemble someone fleeing.



***
Chapter 798 - Extorting Regretful Spiders


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After Fang Yuan subdued the desolate beast shark fin wolf, he placed it in his immortal aperture.


 This shark fin wolf’s mental defenses had already collapsed and it had fallen unconscious soon afterwards, unable to keep its shark fin wolf subordinates under control anymore.


 Fang Yuan could do nothing other than to let these ordinary shark fin wolves flee in all directions.


 He did not feel it was much of a pity, capturing a desolate beast shark fin wolf alive was already a plentiful harvest.


 He continued to search pools but he only found common resources and although the quantities were huge, there was nothing noteworthy.


 Dong Fang tribe’s base camp was sure to have many good things. But there were innumerable pools while Fang Yuan’s scouting range was not very far, add in the other competing demonic path Gu Immortals, the amount of resources he could plunder would depend on luck.


 Not long later, good luck arrived once again for him.


 He was looking at a deep pool.


 What this very deep pool accumulated was not water, but fire.


 The fire was raging wildly inside. This was a special fire pool.


 Fang Yuan used several investigative methods in succession and discovered a group of python beasts living in this pool.


 Fang Yuan found out their identities and discovered they were eerie fire dragon pythons.


 A mature eerie fire dragon python was enormous, reaching close to a hundred meters long and with a body as thick as a tower.


 The eerie fire dragon python had scarlet scales, a sharp horn on its head and a pair of blood-red eyes. Its tongue was a strange purple, and when it flicked its tongue, one could see an eerie blue fire coiling around its tongue.


 This was a snake nest.


 Although there was no desolate beast level eerie fire dragon python inside, the quantity of the normal eerie fire dragon pythons was extremely high. The pythons were piled up on top of each other, squirming and moving around, creating a horrifying spectacle.


 Fang Yuan, however, felt excitement, all parts of the eerie fire dragon python had value. For instance, its blood was the best food for some blood path Gu worms, its skin, tendons and other parts were top-class materials for refining a lot of Gu worms. In particular, the eerie fire dragon python’s gallbladder was extremely precious, and there was a market for it in treasure yellow heaven.


 “Eerie fire dragon pythons normally live in the form of small families. I wonder what method Dong Fang tribe used to make so many eerie fire dragon pythons live together. This method might not be too complicated, but is quite effective and gives an extreme increase to the reproductive rate of eerie fire dragon pythons.”


 Fang Yuan was able to discern some details of the method.


 Speaking of which, he had obtained a few eerie fire dragon python eggs back at Imperial Court blessed land. Now, the eggs had already successfully hatched, the young eerie fire dragon pythons were living in Hu Immortal blessed land, but Fang Yuan had been neglecting them as their quantity was extremely few.


 If he could obtain this large group of eerie fire dragon pythons and raise them in Hu Immortal blessed land, he would have a continuous supply of eerie fire dragon python gallbladders in the future, which could be sold in treasure yellow heaven and be a small source of income.


 Though Fang Yuan was involved in the large business of guts Gu, but a quick calculation told him the profits from selling eerie fire dragon python gallbladders was also somewhat lucrative.


 Taking action was better than thinking, Fang Yuan immediately grabbed with his strength path giant hands.


 He could not control his strength properly, squeezing many eerie fire dragon pythons to death. After all, changes in this move’s form specialized in forceful grabbing, and were rather lacking in the aspect of fine control.


 He grabbed dozens, but there were still many eerie fire dragon python in the pool. He gradually started to become impatient.


 He lacked effective methods to gather the pythons, thus could only act rashly. However, he had limited time now. Fang Yuan grabbed a large portion in the end, reaching up to a number of ten thousand before he resolutely stopped and left this fire pool.


 He continued to plunder resources as he traveled, and occasionally saw many mortal Gu Masters.


 Some of these Gu Masters were fleeing in panic along the areas between the pools, while some concealed themselves, hiding under the ground, under boulders and so on.


 As Fang Yuan grandly soared away, these Gu Masters regained their senses from the horror.


 Some hiding Gu Masters were still thinking they were able to hide, but were actually already discovered by Fang Yuan, it was just that he had no intention to attack them.


 When Pi Shui Han and the others attacked the blessed land, they had created a huge commotion which had already startled the Dong Fang tribe members in Jade Pool blessed land.


 In the five regions, the vast majority of mortals would not have a chance to come across Gu Immortals in their entire lives.


 In comparison to this enormous population, the number of Gu Immortals was extremely few, only a fraction of a fraction.


 At the same time, Gu Immortals also were concerned with their own survival pressures, busy handling such matters day in and day out, generally without the time to be make themselves carefree and at leisure.


 In regards to most people, Gu Immortals were simply vague figures of legend. But the mortals in Jade Pool blessed land were Dong Fang tribe’s core, they knew many inside details.


 Thus, they were even more aware of the difference between immortal and mortals, the gap that was like a chasm between heaven and earth.


 They did not think of putting up any meaningless resistance and ran for their lives, while urgently contacting the Gu Immortals of Dong Fang tribe.


 This was undoubtedly a wise move.


 Fang Yuan and these demonic path Gu Immortals were people who heavily prioritized benefits, and were disinclined to attack these mortals. Thus, these mortals were actually more fortunate than the desolate beasts, they were able to survive during this disaster.


 Fang Yuan flew past pools after pools.


 As time passed, he started to feel increasing urgency, and started abandoning some common resources.


 These resources were not precious and were readily available.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan maintained his vigilance, in accordance with Dong Fang Chang Fan’s farsighted nature, it was impossible for him to not make some arrangements in Jade Pool blessed land.


 As he gradually flew into the distance, Fang Yuan suddenly saw deep pools without any water.


 These pools were completely dried up. There were a lot of them, about fifty to sixty, closely connected, and covering a range in tens of li.


 Fang Yuan was inwardly moved as he took a sharp turn, rapidly approaching these pools.


 “I discovered these pools first, the regretful spiders inside are mine!”


 “Aren’t you a bit too greedy? You have already gathered so many regretful spiders, and the regretful spiders here have bred over such a huge range, and you want to take it all for yourself?!”


 As Fang Yuan flew closer, he discovered two demonic path Gu Immortals, at the edge of a pool, arguing about who the pools should belong to. The atmosphere was tense and serious.


 When they saw Fang Yuan fly over, the two Gu Immortals paled and quickly stopped their argument, instead standing side by side.


 “Senior, please excuse us but the regretful spiders here were discovered by us brothers. According to the rules, hehe...” One Gu Immortal started speaking with a nervous and vigilant expression.


 “I’ve heard some news saying there was a pool to the northwest where many large groups of air bubble fish are living inside. Several Gu Immortals were fighting to get it.” The other Gu Immortal attempted to redirect this disaster.


 Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly: “Do you mean that I should leave?”


 The moment he finished speaking, two strength path giant hands flew out and hovered on either side of him.


 A stance that showed he was eager to make some trouble.


 The two demonic path Gu Immortals paled upon seeing this, while inwardly complaining incessantly at their misfortune.


 They had personally seen Fang Yuan’s might not long ago, even Pi Shui Han was not able to gain the upper hand.


 Moreover, these two were only at the bottom tier of rank six, the consequences would be extremely bad if a conflict occurred with a powerful expert like Fang Yuan.


 But the resources around them were truly at a large scale.


 As the saying goes, ‘humans die for wealth and birds die for food!’


 One demonic path Gu Immortal finally summoned up courage: “Senior, we discovered these resources first, this is an indisputable fact. When you set the rules with Lord Pi Shui Han, we were also present.”


 “Hmph, our demonic path has always been about running and rampaging freely, what rules?! Talking about rules for everything, why don’t you just join the righteous path? What’s more, what status do you have? Only Pi Shui Han has the qualifications to speak about some rules with me.” Fang Yuan had a fierce demeanor, the two strength path giant hands continued to slowly advance as he openly flaunted his prowess.


 The two demonic path Gu Immortals no longer dared to speak, but were still reluctant to leave.


 The other demonic path Gu Immortal seemed to have firmed his resolve, as he suddenly spoke: “Senior, these regretful spiders have great use to me and I had been searching for them painstakingly. How about I use information of equal value in exchange for them?”


 “Hmm? What information?” Fang Yuan stopped moving the strength path giant hands.


 “This information concerns Miniscule Mountain.” The demonic path Gu Immortal spoke directly.


 “Miniscule Mountain, hahaha!” Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed heartily before speaking in a threatening tone, “Good, I will exchange it with you, but I really hope your information is true, otherwise....”


 “True, it is definitely true. I came from that direction but with my cultivation, I am unable to break through, thus I retreated. But to senior, it would be like it was simply meant for you.” As he said this, the demonic path Gu Immortal secretly transmitted information containing the precise details to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted to a crack as he heard the information, and said leisurely: “Good, I will keep this information in mind for now, but whether it is true still needs to be checked. Hand over the regretful spiders you’ve just gathered.”


 “Senior, you!” The demonic path Gu Immortal’s eyes widened, his face flushed red with anger.


 Fang Yuan smiled malevolently, speaking as if this was how things should be: “How do I know whether your information is true or false, what if it is false? These regretful spiders are a guarantee. Don’t worry, I only want this much, you can take the rest.”


 “Senior, you are asking for twenty percent of the total regretful spiders!” The demonic path Gu Immortal gritted his teeth in anger, but did not dare to fight.


 The other demonic path Gu Immortal was standing at the side, laughing inwardly.


 He would definitely work together with the extorted demonic path Gu Immortal and resist Fang Yuan if Fang Yuan asked for the regretful spiders in the pool. But what Fang Yuan wanted was the portion that had already been gathered, which was a different matter.


 The group of regretful spiders stored in the immortal aperture were like crops that had been harvested, it was difficult to return them and they belonged to the Gu Immortal themselves.


 The spectating demonic path Gu Immortal’s benefits were not encroached by Fang Yuan, and was thus feeling pleasure at the other Gu Immortal’s misfortune.


 The extorted demonic path Gu Immortal felt his heart sinking and turning cold when the Gu Immortal beside him showed no signs of moving.


 How painful was it to hand over the crops that had already been harvested.


 “Alright, hand them over quickly. I still need to hurry along, time is pressing.” Fang Yuan impatiently urged.


 “Senior, if you renege on your promise, then wouldn’t I be....” The extorted demonic path Gu Immortal squeezed out words from clenched teeth.


 “What?! Do you actually think I am such a shameless person? I am your senior, why would I cheat you juniors?!” Fang Yuan replied with an extremely displeased tone, and at the same time, sent out another two strength path giant hands.



***
Chapter 799 - Knowing When to Retreat and Advance, A True Champion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A total of four strength path giant hands hovered in the air.


 The two demonic path Gu Immortals involuntarily stepped back, the mental pressure Fang Yuan gave them was too huge.


 They were the weaker party, what else could they do?


 The extorted demonic path Gu Immortal’s expression kept fluctuating before finally turning into one of subservience, as he handed over the regretful spiders he gathered to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not linger around after he received them, and quickly left.


 The two demonic path Gu Immortals immediately let out breaths of relief.


 The extorted Gu Immortal showed an indignant look as he cursed while gazing at the gradually receding figure of Fang Yuan: “Old demon, I hope you die there!”


 “Stop shouting, how can you be sure he doesn’t have methods to hear us? Be careful of him coming back to find trouble with us.” The other demonic path Gu Immortal quickly attempted to stop the extorted Gu Immortal.


 The two glanced at each other, both were stupefied for a moment before they suddenly reacted, creating some distance between each other.


 The next moment, an intense competition started, the two used all their strength and silently plundered the regretful spiders in the pool.


 “Miniscule Mountain, captivating sea...?” Fang Yuan rapidly approached the location in the information.


 He had originally not planned to gather regretful spiders, because he lacked methods to gather them.


 Regretful spiders were not of great value to him and he had already planned to let them go. Who would have thought that with some extortion, he could not only save time in obtaining a large batch of regretful spiders immediately, but also obtain important information.


 Fang Yuan pondered and felt this information was rather reliable.


 Miniman was a type of variant human.


 Miniscule Mountain was the paradise of minimen, it was their foundation. This was recorded in >.


 Minimen usually were the size of a finger, and had thin and transparent wings behind them. They survived on nectar from flowers or sap from vegetation.


 Every variant human had a special ability that was stronger than humans. For instance, hairy men were proficient in Gu refinement, rockmen lived underground, skilled in mining, and all sorts of ores grew on their body. snowmen were cold-resistant, inkmen had rich knowledge....


 Minimen were proficient in growing plants and trees, in the areas they lived in, vegetation was extremely lush, and flowers bloomed throughout the year.


 “More importantly, Miniscule Mountain might be small but it is a genuine mountain and needs large amounts of earth qi to stabilize its mountainous form. It is an extremely huge burden to put such a legendary mountain within one’s immortal aperture. Gu Immortals cannot casually take them, moreover this Miniscule Mountain is not the private possession of any Gu Immortal of Dong Fang tribe.”


 A Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture, hidden in their body, had limited amounts of heaven and earth qi. If Miniscule Mountain was placed for a long time in such an immortal aperture, a lot of earth qi would be absorbed to maintain this legendary mountain, causing an imbalance in heaven and earth qi within the immortal aperture.


 Thus, Miniscule Mountain was placed in Jade Pool blessed land most of the time.


 The reason?


 It was because Jade Pool blessed land was placed on the ground outside in Northern Plains. It would constantly absorb the endless heaven and earth qi of the outside world, so there was no need to fear the burden of Miniscule Mountain.


 Fang Yuan’s Dang Hun mountain was also in a similar situation.


 Dang Hun mountain needed to absorb earth qi, otherwise it would collapse. Fortunately, Hu Immortal blessed land was placed on Tian Ti mountain from where it constantly absorbed heaven and earth qi, thus there was no need to fear the consumption of Dang Hun mountain.


 If it was placed in Fairy Li Shan or Hei Lou Lan’s immortal apertures, if they moved around for a long time, they would not be able to bear the consumption even if they were rank eight Gu Immortals, and would need to place their immortal apertures in the outside world to absorb heaven and earth qi, and stabilize their immortal aperture world.


 Next to a seemingly ordinary deep pool.


 “Fang Yuan?”


 “Why is he here?”


 Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, who were concealed, detected Fang Yuan’s presence.


 Both of them had secretly agreed to look for Thatched Hut. Thatched Hut was no longer at its original position, but the two still had a great harvest — at that location, they found a group of underworld eels!


 Afterwards, they looked around everywhere and finally found traces of Miniscule Mountain.


 However, when they arrived at this place, they were obstructed and thereby in a dilemma. The two were discussing what to do when Fang Yuan appeared in their detection range.


 Fairy Li Shan still had some hope as she said to Hei Lou Lan: “Fang Yuan does not have strong investigative methods, our concealment methods are immortal killer moves, as long as we don’t show ourselves, he certainly won’t be able to detect us. Maybe he is only passing by.”


 Hei Lou Lan had suffered great losses from Fang Yuan, frowning as she had a bad premonition: “Sigh, we absolutely cannot underestimate this guy.”


 Sure enough, the next moment, Fang Yuan slowly landed from the air and quickly neared them, his target was the pool they were in.


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression sank as her wishful thinking did not materialize.


 Fang Yuan had arrived at the place provided in the information.


 This deep pool in front of him looked extremely ordinary and unremarkable.


 But Fang Yuan still had some expectations.


 According to that demonic path Gu Immortal’s words, this was an illusory land. Inside were illusory peach trees which could add up to be of similar strength to desolate beasts, and could create illusions to protect themselves.


 A Gu Immortal could only infer some clues when they walked inside.


 Fang Yuan raised his defenses, and was just about to step in when two figures suddenly appeared not far away.


 “Fang Yuan, wait a moment.” Fairy Li Shan transmitted her voice.


 Hei Lou Lan stood silently at the side.


 “Oh, it’s you two!” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed, as he spoke with a slight smile.


 His tone carried a touch of ridicule; as an ally, they had not informed him of such a huge clue, clearly they had thought of hogging the benefits for themselves.


 In the end, he came across them unintentionally.


 Hei Lou Lan was a formidable person and spoke with no awkwardness or embarrassment: “Fang Yuan, you came at the right time, we were just worrying over how to break into this place.”


 Fairy Li Shan was a veteran Gu Immortal and was also unabashed, continuing: “Right. This place is called captivating sea and is a restricted region of Jade Pool blessed land. It mainly consists of a forest of illusory peach trees, there are many peach trees, and the illusion is extremely powerful. Under the trees are a sea of grasses and flowers. The large patches of groundmat grass are like endless green carpets. The sea of colorful flowers gives off a deep fragrance, and tens of thousands of poisonous purple heart flowers are close to blooming.”


 “Hmm?” Fang Yuan’s gaze slightly focused.


 That demonic path Gu Immortal had malicious intentions, he had only said that there were illusory peach trees but did not mention their numbers. As for groundmat grass, and purple poisonous heart flowers, he did not even bring them up.


 Groundmat grass was ordinary, but with such numbers, there was bound to be groundmat grass Gu. This wood path Gu only had one effect which was to instantly send living beings into sleep.


 Poisonous purple heart flowers often created a poison heart Gu. This Gu was formless and colorless, and gave a wisp of fragrance that could make one feel drunk, but corroded their heart.


 However, these were only minor inconveniences as far as Fang Yuan was concerned.


 Fang Yuan did not cultivate poison path and also did not have strength path methods that could defend against poison, but he had an immortal zombie body, which was extremely resistant to poison. He also had a poison path Immortal Gu, Woman’s Heart.


 Fairy Li Shan saw Fang Yuan was listening carefully but completely indifferent, and continued: “The things I have mentioned might be in high numbers, but they are only small problems to us Gu Immortals. In fact, a group of peach wolves dwell in the illusory peach tree forest, with numbers close to thirty. Moreover, this captivating sea is actually a Gu formation and in the depths of it lies Miniscule Mountain. Miniscule Mountain has Gu Immortals guarding it, their auras are uncertain and the numbers are also not clear.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 Peach wolves were a desolate beast, comparable to rank six Gu Immortals. A group of peach wolves was like a group of Gu Immortals in strength.


 Miniscule Mountain was the home of minimen, the Gu Immortals in it were probably miniman Gu Immortals, and regardless of how many there were, even one would be troublesome to deal with.


 Desolate beasts had low wisdom, but variant human Gu Immortals had wisdom that could reach a similar level to human Gu Immortals.


 Having wisdom and lacking it were two completely different levels of threats.


 Fang Yuan suddenly realized why these two were hiding at the periphery.


 He sized the two up again, and with his experience, he immediately discovered signs of bitter fights on Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan’s bodies, although they had tried to treat them as much as possible.


 “Fairy Li Shan is a wood path Gu Immortal, there is no doubt that Miniscule Mountain and minimen are extremely attractive to her. In an environment like captivating sea, Fairy Li Shan’s battle strength should surpass her normal state. They broke through to the depths of the sea of flowers, but were still forced back. Captivating sea’s defense greatly surpasses what were my most hopeful estimations.”


 Fang Yuan did not speak but his shrewd mind was thinking rapidly and inferring many facts from their behaviors.


 “Fang Yuan, if you move alone, your gains will be extremely low. We took advantage of the other party’s carelessness and quietly sneaked in through the gaps in the peach wolf group. Now that Miniscule Mountain has been alerted, the defenses are sure to be tight. As long as we cooperate sincerely, we might be able to swallow this juicy meat.” Hei Lou Lan persuaded.


 Fairy Li Shan also added: “Fang Yuan, I know you have the strength path Immortal Gu, Pulling Mountain. We can cooperate, but I must have Miniscule Mountain, you don’t need to worry, though, I will be sure to give you a satisfying reward.”


 Fang Yuan did not immediately reply, instead lowering his head to think it over.


 Several breaths of time later, he slowly shook his head and broke the silence, smiling bitterly: “Under this juicy meat is a very hard bone. Miniscule Mountain is excellent, but time is limited, I don’t want to spend it all here. I advise you two to dispel unrealistic thoughts, there are still many resources outside which are much easier to take, why make an unnecessary risk?”


 “What? Fang Yuan, you are actually thinking of backing out?” Fairy Li Shan could not believe her ears.


 Hei Lou Lan frowned, persuading: “Fang Yuan, we have discovered Miniscule Mountain, it could be said to be a rare chance. If you miss this opportunity, you might regret it later on.”


 Fang Yuan’s stance was firm: “The defense is tight, the key thing is that there are Gu Immortals guarding it, as well as a group of peach wolves. Even if all the demonic path Gu Immortals in this blessed land gather together, it would take time to break through this place. Would Dong Fang Chang Fan give us this time? Even if Dong Fang Chang Fan is hindered, what about the other demonic path Gu Immortals?”


 Fairy Li Shan took a step forward: “Fang Yuan, I admit that what you say is reasonable, but this is Miniscule Mountain we are talking of, its value might even be higher than the rest of Jade Pool blessed land!”


 “Hahaha, fairy, you don’t need to persuade me. I will take my leave!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly before flying away directly.


 The two fairies still did not dare to believe what they were seeing and were even hesitating: “Fang Yuan should not be messing around and deceiving us in order to wait for an opportune moment to meddle in and get benefits cheaply, right?”


 “That’s not possible. We have formed the Snowy Mountain Alliance, he has to either remain silent or speak the truth.”


 For a moment, as they gazed at Fang Yuan’s figure receding into the horizon, the two women had strange expressions.



***
Chapter 800 - Three Fish Groups, Great Harvest


***





 



 Plop!


 The desolate beast dragonfish crashed into the water, creating a huge wave that was several meters tall.


 Fang Yuan was cloaked in a black robe, he had his face hidden as he stood in the air, there were six strength path giant hands circling around his body.


 The desolate beast dragonfish screamed, entering the water, and did not want to fight Fang Yuan anymore, it swam into the deeper parts of the water.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Do you think that by hiding underwater, I can do nothing to you? Immortal Gu Pulling Water!”


 Fang Yuan’s body shuddered, he stretched out his left and right hands as he slowly grabbed at the deep pool, that was as wide as a lake, from afar.


 A formless power held up the lake water, it was as if a thick cloth under the water was being pulled up.


 Thick columns of flowing water had countless ordinary dragonfish in them, as they poured into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 After Fang Yuan said goodbye to Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, he did not spend much time before he found this deep pool.


 This deep pool was the one with the most water that he had seen so far, it was like a large lake. Dong Fang tribe had specially created it and raised nine hundred thousand dragonfish inside it, among them was a desolate beast dragonfish.


 Fang Yuan was in an eager mood, he went ahead and took them for himself. The desolate beast dragonfish went ahead and fought him, in the end, Fang Yuan used several strength path giant hands and easily defeated it.


 Even though the dragonfish had ‘dragon’ in its name, it was very mediocre in fighting. Moreover, this dragonfish may have been a desolate beast, but it had no Immortal Gu, it was almost at the bottom tier of desolate beasts.


 But the meat of the dragonfish was a food ingredient with a wide range of applications. Not only could wild beasts and variant humans eat them, they could also be used as supplementary ingredients and fed to Gu worms.


 In treasure yellow heaven, the business of dragonfish meat had long since been flourishing, each transaction was a huge sum of profits.


 “So many dragonfish, this pool of dragonfish was probably accumulated over a hundred years by Dong Fang tribe. But now, this is all mine, hahaha.” Fang Yuan felt joyful, he continued to activate pulling water Immortal Gu without pausing.


 Thankfully, he had pulling water Immortal Gu, otherwise, he would have no way to collect such a valuable and huge amount of resources.


 Boom boom boom...


 Far away, the fighting of Gu Immortals could be heard.


 Fang Yuan collected the dragonfish as he looked around, his gaze was deep as he thought: “It seems that over at Hei Lou Lan’s side, they are starting to attack captivating sea already.”


 He did not regret the decision to give up on Miniscule Mountain.


 In this world, things were easier said than done. Theories were easy to understand, but when it came to execution, how many people could succeed?


 Thus, in front of huge profits, it was hard to decide what to give up and what to pursue.


 Especially when Miniscule Mountain had huge value to Fairy Li Shan personally!


 Although Fairy Li Shan’s vital Gu was mountain pledge Gu and she was an information path Gu Immortal, when she fought, most of her methods were wood path techniques. Since she also cultivated wood path, her immortal aperture probably mostly involved growing flowers and plants as her revenue.


 > had recorded the details, it made Miniscule Mountain even more attractive.


 But how could it be so easy to take away Miniscule Mountain? It was simply too difficult, there was little hope.


 Since that demonic path Gu Immortal gave this information to Fang Yuan so easily, he was likely to also tell others. Or perhaps, there were already Gu Immortals who knew long ago.


 Attacking the restricted area, captivating sea, would create a huge commotion, how could they hide it from people like Pi Shui Han?


 Even though more people meant a greater force to strike with, the demonic path Gu Immortals handled matters individually, Fang Yuan was well aware of their natures. Earlier, during the battle at Tai Qiu, if not for the demonic path Gu Immortals fighting among themselves, how could Dong Fang Chang Fan have succeeded in his possession so easily?


 Thus, there was essentially very little hope in obtaining Miniscule Mountain. Did Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan not know that the chances were slim?


 It was because this profit was too huge, the Gu Immortals were extremely moved, even if there was just a trace of hope, they would desperately latch onto it!


 A loud dragon roar interrupted Fang Yuan’s thoughts.


 The huge dragonfish jumped out of the water, its eyes were blood-red as it charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had expected this, he slammed down with four strength path giant hands.


 The method in which he was extracting the deep pool water was extremely efficient, he just needed a small amount of time to drain the pool dry. Thus, the dragonfish was already a cornered animal, if it did not attack now, it would be too late.


 But facing Fang Yuan, who had rank seven battle strength, the dragonfish’s final struggle quickly met with a huge setback, it ended up heavily injured.


 More than ten breaths of time later, the heavily injured desolate beast dragonfish was sent into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture using the strength path giant hands.


 After spending some more effort, this huge and deep pool was nearly dried out, all of the dragonfish inside were collected into his aperture.


 In order to take these dragonfish, he spent a total of four green grape immortal essences beads, but Fang Yuan had great joy in his eyes.


 Ever since he entered Jade Pool blessed land, he obtained the oil water, desolate beast shark fin wolf, eerie fire dragon python, some ordinary resources, and a batch of regretful spiders.


 In terms of value, this newly obtained dragonfish group was at the top, it was more valuable than the desolate beast shark fin wolf, which was second place by a small margin.


 This batch of dragonfish was too large, there was almost a million of them.


 With such a deep foundation, as long as he spent some effort in nurturing them, it would be a source of endless revenue.


 Over on Hei Lou Lan’s end, intense battles were still ongoing, Fang Yuan did not turn around, he flew towards an area even further away.


 Not long after, he stopped in his tracks and was overjoyed to see the dense forest below him.


 The forest spanned an enormous range, at the center of the forest, there was a pool of water that covered an area of the size of a house.


 The entire forest was planted for the sake of this pool.


 Or more accurately speaking, it was because this pool was raising a group of peculiar fish — literature carps.


 “Literature carps and true martial carps are known as the literature and martial twin carps, to think that in Dong Fang tribe, they had over ten literature carps!” Fang Yuan quickly went down with great excitement.


 Literature carps were very hard to catch, they were low in numbers, even in Eastern Sea, they were very uncommon.


 Literature carps usually remained still in water, moving along with the flow of water. Once they moved their tails, and swam slowly, their entire bodies would turn into text qi, even Gu Immortals, without specific methods, could not capture them, they could only watch in vain.


 When Fang Yuan came here, the literature carps were alarmed, they turned into text qi as they moved around, pervading the water.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a confident smile, his pulling water Immortal Gu could control the flow of water. As long as the literature carps did not leave the pool, to him, they were as good as caught.


 But when he was about to make his move, a demonic path Gu Immortal appeared, rising into the air.


 “Senior, please wait, this resource point has already been occupied by me.” This demonic path Gu Immortal was thin, he smiled as he said that, he was only rank six, but he had no fear when facing Fang Yuan.


 “Who are you?” Fang Yuan’s expression did not change.


 “This junior is Zhou Ping.” The demonic path Gu Immortal cupped his fists.


 Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, threatening: “Junior Zhou Ping, you have guts, daring to get in my way. With your cultivation level, you are not fit to talk about rules with me.”


 The demonic path Gu Immortal, Zhou Ping, instead smiled: “No, no, I am naturally unable to defeat senior. But I have some insights in flying, I have two immortal killer moves. Even Unfettered Scholar, Hei Cheng, and Fairy Le Yao cannot catch me. If senior wants the literature carps, you can trade with me. Otherwise, even though I cannot defeat senior, I can destroy this pool in an instant.”


 Fang Yuan was silent, his eyes shined with a ruthless light as he observed Zhou Ping.


 Zhou Ping was unmoved, he was calm and composed due to his trump card.


 This was the advantage of a Gu Immortal skilled in movement, they are often in a situation where they cannot lose, they can talk to opponents with higher cultivation level or battle strength with ease.


 Even though Fang Yuan had the killer move myriad self, he was lacking in the aspect of movement. Even with iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu, together with true solid bat wings, that was not an immortal killer move, it was inferior to Zhou Ping’s methods.


 “Very good, Zhou Ping, I will remember you. I wish you well in constantly guarding this place, and to not fall into my hands from now on.” Fang Yuan left behind a threat as he left.


 Zhou Ping heard this and his smile disappeared, he changed his tone: “Senior, is this necessary? This junior only wants a transaction. My request is not much either...”


 But Fang Yuan did not listen to Zhou Ping, his body was like lightning as he quickly traveled elsewhere.


 Zhou Ping frowned, he felt a little distraught, pointlessly offending a strong and mysterious Gu Immortal, he felt very uneasy.


 Most importantly, Fang Yuan’s words were attacking Zhou Ping’s weakness —


 He could not stay here forever to look after the literature carps.


 “Damn it, I do not have a method to collect this group of literature carps!” Zhou Ping looked at the deep pool as he stamped his foot, extremely downcast.


 Fang Yuan left Zhou Ping behind and flew rapidly towards his next destination.


 After flying a huge distance, he landed, looking at the deep pool below him, he had a joyous expression.


 This deep pool was neither large nor small, there was a fish group inside.


 This type of fish was similar to goldfish, it had a round belly, a small pointed head, and a tail. However, it was not brightly colored like goldfish and was mostly milky white. It also did not have a wavy tail and fins, its tail was small and exquisite.


 When the fish moved, they did not go left, right, forwards or backwards, they only floated upwards and downwards, they resembled balloons moving in the water.


 This type of fish was something Fang Yuan had raised before, it was air bubble fish.


 But because Fang Yuan ran into difficulties, and was lacking in funds, he had to sell the air bubble fish group that he was raising for a while, to get the funds he desperately needed.


 Air bubble fish could eat ordinary worms, insects, grubs and so on, digesting a portion of them while storing the rest as reserves in their stomach.


 These life forms in the stomach were nourished and had an increased chance to become a Gu.


 Thus, air bubble fish could increase the production of Gu worms. During the five regions chaotic war, it was a heavily sought after good among Gu Immortals.


 “This air bubble fish group has quite a large size, in terms of the price in treasure yellow heaven, it is half of the desolate beast shark fin wolf!” Fang Yuan inspected, when he saw that there was no Gu Immortal like Zhou Ping appearing, he immediately made his move and used pulling water Immortal Gu to take all of the air bubble fish.


 This air bubble fish group was the third in value among Fang Yuan’s profits.


 “You band of thieves! Brazenly robbing my Dong Fang tribe’s headquarters!!” At this time, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s furious screams could be heard over the entirety of Jade Pool blessed land.


 Unfettered Scholar burst out and shouted, immediately screaming: “Old thief Dong Fang, get ready to lose your dog life!!”



***
Chapter 801 - Big to Small, Suppressing the Demonic Cultivators


***





 



 As it turned out, in the Tai Qiu battlefield, after Fang Yuan and the others left, Dong Fang Chang Fan gradually controlled his internal danger, the situation was turning around for him.


 He was an old schemer, after Fang Yuan left, he realized this problem. He immediately guessed that the three mysterious black robed Gu Immortals were going to attack his base.


 But he had made arrangements in Jade Pool blessed land, he was not worried, instead, he was glad that these demonic path Gu Immortals were splitting up, he could deal with Unfettered Scholar more easily this way!


 But soon, he was shocked to find out that he had lost his connection with Thatched Hut!


 This shock was no small matter.


 Thatched Hut was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s biggest treasure, it was heavily guarded by Dong Fang Chang Fan’s arrangements, even against a rank eight Gu Immortal, it could hold on for a while. How could it lose its connection to him in such a short time without any warning?


 Dong Fang Chang Fan immediately changed his plans, he gave up on the Tai Qiu battlefield, flying towards his base to salvage the situation.


 Unfettered Scholar saw that Dong Fang Chang Fan was escaping, he had to chase after him relentlessly.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had not told Old Lord Can Yang the final critical steps yet, thus the latter also followed him, fighting as they traveled.


 The two sides flew as they engaged in a huge aerial battle, the battlefield quickly shifted, after spending a lot of time, they reached Jade Pool blessed land.


 Thatched Hut was missing, Jade Pool blessed land was broken open, as a hole appeared connecting to the outside world.


 Seeing the demonic path Gu Immortals scavenging for resources openly, Dong Fang Chang Fan was extremely furious. He next saw the enslavement path Gu Immortal, Qie Shi Min, using his unique method to capture Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Masters.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was so angry, countless star thoughts were flying out of his head, causing the hat on his head to fall off.


 He was truly fuming.


 “You demonic path scoundrels are truly unforgivable!” Dong Fang Chang Fan pointed his finger, disregarding the huge amount of immortal essence expenditure, he used his trump card killer move — Myriad Star Fireflies.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others were still attacking captivating sea, they saw the countless starlight specks, starlight filling the sky like snow, it was extremely beautiful.


 Such a beautiful sight instead made everyone on alert, they quickly stopped their previous actions as they changed their attacks, flying into the sky and attacking Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 The current situation was very different from the circumstances in Tai Qiu.


 In the Tai Qiu battlefield, the band of demonic path Gu Immortals were competing intensely for a wisdom path inheritance. But Dong Fang Chang Fan had used possession, the wisdom path inheritance would only be in his mind, there was little hope of them taking the inheritance.


 But now, the huge Jade Pool blessed land had countless resources that were openly available to everyone, they could seize anything they wanted.


 With such huge profits here, as long as they killed Dong Fang Chang Fan, they could continue looting the place, the band of demonic path Gu Immortals stopped fighting amongst themselves and worked together, they were extremely excited, and acted like a united group.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals attacked together, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s expression became very ugly, he felt his pressure intensifying as he shielded himself from all directions, he was at a disadvantage.


 “Kill him and the entirety of Jade Pool blessed land would be ours!” Half Moon Brutemaster shouted.


 “Other than this Jade Pool blessed land, there is still old scoundrel Dong Fang’s wisdom path inheritance, that is the number one wisdom path inheritance in Northern Plains!” Peacock Flying Immortal He Ruo said with shining eyes.


 “I can give up even the wisdom path inheritance, what I want is his possession method!” Pi Shui Han’s expression was cold as he attacked unceasingly.


 After Dong Fang Chang Fan retreated several times, he finally stabilized his situation after getting help from Old Lord Can Yang.


 Being suppressed like this, the anger in him was reaching an extreme. After getting some time to rest, he smiled in spite of his anger: “I will make sure all of you die here!”


 Saying so, an intense tremor occurred in Jade Pool blessed land.


 The heavens shook and the earth trembled!


 The demonic path Gu Immortals realized that all of their mortal killer moves lost much of their effectiveness.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was Dong Fang tribe’s first supreme elder for so many years, he held a large amount of control over Jade Pool blessed land. Even though the blessed land was publicly owned by the tribe, and he could not manipulate it entirely, he had enough authority to use Jade Pool blessed land to repel these demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Jade Pool blessed land was Dong Fang tribe’s headquarters, Dong Fang Chang Fan had an advantage when he fought here.


 It was only that the thieves came in when the owner was not around.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals’ attacks weakened, but Dong Fang Chang Fan did not continue to engage them, he flew down towards a certain gap in space.


 He directly flew down into captivating sea, breaking the illusion and seeing that the sea of peach trees was in a pathetic state, the peach wolf group had mostly been killed until two or three were left, some wolf corpses had yet to be taken away, they were lying down near the peach trees, it was a miserable sight.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan looked upon this, feeling his heart bleeding, many years of exhausting efforts had gone down the drain!


 He suppressed his pain as he shouted: “Brother Fang, I protected your tribe for hundreds of years, we have an agreement to look after one another, I have never oppressed or harmed you. Now that my tribe is at a point of crisis, I need your help.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s voice reverberated in the air.


 A few breaths later, a sharp voice resounded in the air, answering: “That is only natural.”


 After this was said, everyone saw a jade green light emerging from captivating sea, landing in Dong Fang Yu Liang’s hands.


 The jade green light faded, and a small mountain could be seen.


 It was Miniscule Mountain!


 “This is Miniscule Mountain!” Many demons were extremely excited.


 Pi Shui Han, Hei Lou Lan, and some others had tense expressions.


 Listening to the words exchanged between Dong Fang Chang Fan and the miniman Gu Immortal, it appeared that Miniscule Mountain was not actually owned by Dong Fang tribe, instead, the miniman tribe and Dong Fang tribe had come to an agreement, they were allies.


 To be able to become Dong Fang tribe’s ally, the miniman tribe should have corresponding foundation and power.


 With Miniscule Mountain in his hands, Dong Fang Chang Fan laughed, his sharp gaze swept through the band of demonic cultivators.


 He had no hesitation, his inner fury was urging him to take revenge!


 “Today is the day you all die!” Dong Fang Chang Fan held Miniscule Mountain as he moved his fingers, manipulating myriad star fireflies to attack the demonic path immortals.


 Countless starlight specks moved, it was like a huge blue wave, his sleeves were fluttering in the air, as if he was a transcendent being among men, his aura surged as it made the demonic cultivators feel fear.


 Fading Heavenly Flower!


 Thousand Disintegrations!


 Ice Dragon Lock!


 Strength Path Giant Hand!


 The rank seven battle strength experts attacked at once, four immortal killer moves were aimed at Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Mortal killer moves were unusable already, only immortal killer moves had any useful effect.


 ‘Final afterglow’, Old Lord Can Yang muttered inwardly, he reinforced both him and Dong Fang Chang Fan, before waving his sleeve and shooting out the life chasing fire.


 The life chasing fire went after Unfettered Scholar, who was the biggest threat, he was forced to retreat as he lost his attacking position.


 Unfettered Scholar bellowed angrily, this had already happened many times, life chasing fire always forced him to use thousand disintegrations on himself to cancel out the attack. Dong Fang Chang Fan had been struggling at death’s doors many times already, but he refused to die!


 After thousand disintegrations was diverted, the remaining ice dragon, strength path giant hand, and heavenly flower was still going after Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan raised Miniscule Mountain up high, the closer the demonic path Gu Immortals’ killer moves approached Miniscule Mountain, the weaker they became.


 In the end, the ice dragon turned into an ice snake, the strength path giant hand shrank to less than one percent of its original size, and the heavenly flower faded and wilted.


 When these attacks finally reached Dong Fang Chang Fan, he waved his sleeves and blocked them easily.


 “Immortal killer move — Big to Small!” Pi Shui Han’s expression was cold, he found out the enemy’s method immediately.


 It turned out that the miniman race Gu Immortal with the surname Fang in Miniscule Mountain was a rule path Gu Immortal, he had the rule path Immortal Gu ‘Small’!


 He led the miniman tribe and made an alliance with Dong Fang tribe, to obtain space for his tribe to live. At this point, when he made his move, he used an extraordinary method and suppressed the demons’ surge of power.


 All of the demons frowned.


 Hei Lou Lan was already feeling regret, if she knew that Miniscule Mountain would be so strong, she would not have gone all in. Many demons attacked captivating sea forcefully, even though they defeated the peach wolf group, that was not enough for Miniscule Mountain to use that killer move.


 “This is somewhat troublesome, to solve this problem, we will have to rely on you, Unfettered Scholar.” Pi Shui Han turned back, talking to Unfettered Scholar.


 Unfettered Scholar snorted coldly: “At this crucial moment, who else can be relied upon but me?”


 Pi Shui Han’s eyelids trembled, but he did not rebuke him.


 Unfettered Scholar was also a rule path Gu Immortal, he had the rule path Immortal Gu ‘Disintegrate’, he similarly had the immortal killer move ‘thousand disintegrations’.


 To counter rule path with rule path was the most effective option.


 At once, the demons battled Dong Fang Chang Fan, Old Lord Can Yang, and the miniman Gu Immortal with Unfettered Scholar at the lead.


 The demons attacked one by one, trying to provide an opportunity for Unfettered Scholar.


 Unfettered Scholar grabbed onto the opportunity and used thousand disintegrations on Miniscule Mountain.


 Thousand disintegrations was used against big to small, but it was countered by the latter.


 “Your rule path Immortal Gu is only rank six, my ‘small’ Gu is rank seven, how can you beat me?” The miniman Gu Immortal’s laughter could be heard coming from Miniscule Mountain, it was smug and arrogant.


 Unfettered Scholar’s expression was grim, he could not refute it. His foundation was weaker compared to the miniman tribe.


 The situation was becoming worse for the demonic path’s side.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had Miniscule Mountain, he also had Old Lord Can Yang watching out for him, he was in an impregnable position. As the killer move, myriad star fireflies, became stronger, his battle strength would surge with it. Eventually, it would end in a victory for him, he would defeat the band of demons and return to the world of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals with a domineering display.


 The demons thought hard, but they had no way to counter big to small.


 The only tactic left for them was to attack forcefully, using their advantage in numbers to drain all of the enemy’s immortal essence.


 But demonic path Gu Immortals were loners, they usually only considered their own interests, they did not want to expend too much of their own resources, it was not worth it.


 Just as they were worrying, the demonic path Gu Immortal Zhou Ping shouted angrily: “Damn it, my literature carps were taken away!”


 The demons looked over following the voice and saw that at the periphery of the battlefield, Fang Yuan, who was above a deep pool, was drawing the water into his own immortal aperture.


 Seeing this, even Hei Lou Lan transmitted a message to Fang Yuan in fury: “Fang Yuan, what are you doing!”


 The demons were fighting a tough battle, in the end, they realized that someone was stealing resources while they were occupied.


 This was like a situation where everyone was in a boat, paddling and moving forward. In the end, one of their companions decided to start fishing and even caught a big fat fish, keeping it for himself!



***
Chapter 802 - Looting Persistently, Internal Strife


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “You, how can you be so selfish?” Unfettered Scholar pointed at Fang Yuan, chiding.


 “My literature carps, my fish group!” Zhou Ping screamed angrily.


 “We are here fighting desperately, but you are taking benefits in the background? Taking advantage of us?” Pi Shui Han’s eyes were flashing with a cold light, his tone was chilly.


 “My group of literature carps, return them to me!” Zhou Ping roared, mixed with a tone of sobbing.


 “The urgent matter now is to kill Dong Fang Chang Fan. By then, won’t we have everything?!” Fairy Li Shan’s transmitted, her tone also had a hint of accusation in it.


 “Damn it, return my fish group, I demand justice!” Zhou Ping was so regretful his eyes turned red. If he knew this, he might as well have destroyed the fish group. He spent so much precious time trying to get this resource, yet now it landed in someone else’s hands, and it felt like he was only safekeeping it.


 “Shut up! Otherwise, I am going to thrash some people!” Fang Yuan was very ruthless, his tone was arrogant and he did not make any form of explanation or denial.


 “You!!!” Zhou Ping was so angry his eyes were opened wide and staring, he almost spat out blood.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, he had to act ruthless, to not allow these demonic path Gu Immortals to take an inch and demand a mile, this could protect his interests.


 Pi Shui Han, Unfettered Scholar, and the others were gritting their teeth in anger, but they could not attack.


 Fang Yuan had rank seven battle strength, if they really fought, he still had two companions.


 “It’s nothing much if it’s only that rank six black robed Gu Immortal, but this rank seven is likely to be Fairy Li Shan from Snowy Mountain!”


 “Fairy Li Shan had once made an agreement with Dong Fang tribe, she could not harm them. Now that she is involving herself in this matter, it’s no wonder her appearance and identity are concealed.”


 Once she attacked, there would be many flaws.


 Fairy Li Shan’s identity was already revealed to Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han.


 Even though they found out, Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar did not dare to attack her, because Fairy Li Shan was a member of Snowy Mountain, she was a subordinate of the rank eight Gu Immortal, Old Ancestor Xue Hu!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu wanted to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu, this was known to everyone. But to refine a rank eight Immortal Gu, the investment was massive. Perhaps right now, Fairy Li Shan was here due to orders from Old Ancestor Xue Hu, to loot Dong Fang tribe’s resources, this would be the will of a rank eight expert!


 Fang Yuan naturally knew Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han’s mindsets, he was using Fairy Li Shan’s reputation now to deter the demons, so that he could take the literature carps for himself.


 But just as he was about to continue saying arrogant words and deepen everyone’s impression, Dong Fang Chang Fan suddenly lost control again.


 Dong Fang Yi Kong’s face turned ruthless, he looked at Fang Yuan with eyes that could shoot out fire, his voice turned into Dong Fang Yi Kong’s.


 He screamed at Fang Yuan: “Scoundrel, you dare to take my literature carps away. I was only storing them here temporarily! You dare to take them, do you know how much effort I had put in to obtain this group of literature carps?! I want you to die like a dog!”


 While he roared, he flew towards Fang Yuan.


 Everyone stared blankly at this.


 Earlier, Dong Fang Chang Fan had appeared normal for a very long time, everyone thought that he had regained control and succeeded in his possession. Nobody expected this to happen!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliance, he quickly reacted, his six strength path giant hands flew over while his body retreated backwards.


 He grabbed onto the opportunity, but he was vigilant — what if the enemy was only acting and was purposely exposing a weakness, what if this was a trap?


 But the truth was, this was no trap.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan regained control of the body very quickly.


 His expression turned dark, to think that he had lost control again.


 Man proposes, God disposes!


 He had made ample preparations, these demonic path Gu Immortals were not his match, even Old Lord Can Yang was his helpless tool that was being made use of all along, but the strength of the heavenly tribulation was beyond his expectations.


 Earlier, he was only suppressing the wills of the eight Gu Immortals forcefully, he had not gotten rid of them yet.


 Now that the literature carps were taken by Fang Yuan, an intense external stimulus awakened the rage in Dong Fang Yi Kong’s will, he burst through the suppression and emerged.


 The wills of these eight Gu Immortals were not the biggest issue. The problem was that due to their support, the original will of this body had been gathering strength, it was becoming quite formidable.


 Although Dong Fang Yu Liang’s soul was destroyed, the fragments of his soul was scattered in his body, turning into will.


 Thought, will, emotion, within these divisions there weren’t individual qualitative differences, differences were shown from quantity. Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will had already accumulated to become similar to the other eight Gu Immortals.


 The most key danger was that this body was originally his. If his will burst out, the threat was many times that of the other Gu Immortals of Dong Fang tribe!


 Dong Fang Chang Fan sighed deeply, he raised Miniscule Mountain up and used the big to small immortal killer move to weaken the six strength path giant hands, before breaking them apart.


 Fang Yuan shouted from afar: “What are you waiting for, the enemy is already separated, why aren’t you killing them now?”


 The other demonic path Gu Immortals all had rich battle experience, how could they miss such an opportunity?


 Right as Fang Yuan was still shouting, Pi Shui Han, Unfettered Scholar and the others had already attacked, while Divine Lord Tian Du, Shi Hou, Lu Qing Ming, and He Ruo came over and encircled the area, sealing any escape routes that Dong Fang Chang Fan could take.


 At this point, the demons already had some basic teamwork, they could cooperate to execute simple tactics.


 Even though these were just basics, it gave Dong Fang Chang Fan huge pressure.


 Old Lord Can Yang was angered to a boiling point.


 He did not expect Dong Fang Chang Fan to lose control again. Originally, he was fighting together with Dong Fang Chang Fan, they were close together and could take care of each other. Now that Dong Fang Chang Fan had charged out alone, he was surrounded by the demonic path immortals, while Can Yang himself was blocked outside.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan, what is going on with you?” At the same time, Miniscule Mountain was shaking, the questioning of the miniman Gu Immortal could be heard.


 The alarming change earlier had scared him.


 “Don’t worry.” Dong Fang Chang Fan fought against the enemies around him as he answered plainly.


 “You sure are calm! Don’t you see how many people are encircling you?” The miniman Gu Immortal was going crazy.


 “Hang in there!” Old Lord Can Yang was anxious, he fought his way in as he attempted to join up with Dong Fang Chang Fan again.


 “I will stop him.” Fairy Li Shan emerged, obstructing Old Lord Can Yang.


 Fairy Li Shan had once made an agreement with Dong Fang Chang Fan, she was using a special technique now to suppress the agreement’s backlash. Despite this, during the battle earlier, she was focusing essentially all of her attacks on Old Lord Can Yang.


 The battle intensified all of a sudden.


 The demonic path party wanted to take advantage of the mistake to eliminate Dong Fang Chang Fan. As long as Dong Fang Chang Fan was dead, the blessed land would have no one controlling it, the demonic path Gu Immortals would not be restricted, even if Old Lord Can Yang and Miniscule Mountain were around, they could not change the result.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s side was trying their best, as long as he joined up with Old Lord Can Yang, they would regain their former advantage.


 During such an intense battle, Fang Yuan was at the periphery of the battlefield, looting the resources of the deep pools.


 Fang Yuan’s actions made all of the demonic path Gu Immortals furious, they accused him while shouting loudly.


 Fang Yuan however, gave his reasoning: “What do you guys know! This is a battle tactic, I am trying to trigger the Gu Immortal wills that were suppressed in his body, to make old scoundrel Dong Fang commit a mistake. Wasn’t the current advantage that we gained due to me? Quickly coordinate with me, do not judge the heart of a gentleman with the heart of a small man!”


 After Unfettered Scholar heard this, his handsome face distorted with anger.


 Pi Shui Han’s heart was filled with the flames of rage, he felt that at this moment, he was not an ice and water path Gu Immortal, instead, he was cultivating fire path.


 But what Fang Yuan said was true, they had no way to rebuke him.


 Divine Lord Tian Du expressed everyone’s thoughts: “Why is it that we are all fighting here while you are out there gaining profits?”


 The miniman Gu Immortal from Miniscule Mountain also yelled: “What do you mean ‘judge the heart of a gentleman with the heart of a small man’, this is discrimination against our miniman race, I will make you pay the price!”


 Zhou Ping’s eyes turned, he said: “This battle tactic makes sense, let me coordinate!”


 Saying this, he left his position in the battlefield and flew down towards a deep pool.


 Pi Shui Han roared in anger: “Get the hell back!”


 Unfettered Scholar was breathing roughly, he activated thousand disintegrations, aiming it at Zhou Ping.


 Zhou Ping shouted in pain, he suffered a heavy blow, he almost fell to the ground.


 This could not be allowed!


 Defeat and victory were thinly separated, if everyone went to get profits, who would be left to kill Dong Fang Chang Fan?


 Unfettered Scholar shouted coldly: “Now is a crucial moment, if anyone tries to leave without reason, even if the enemy is in front of us, I will kill you!”


 He no longer had the gentlemanly air from earlier, he started using abusive language.


 “Zhou Ping, why aren’t you back in battle yet, do you want me to send you off?” Pi Shui Han said coldly, threatening.


 Zhou Ping lowered his head, he had an expression of anger and hatred, but he had no choice but to return.


 Fang Yuan could not kill him, but that did not mean other rank seven battle strength Gu Immortals could not.


 The other demonic path Gu Immortals saw this and suppressed their greed. They felt glad, and also indignant.


 Why was it that Fang Yuan could scavenge resources while they could not?


 Because of battle strength!


 Fang Yuan had rank seven battle strength, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, even if they wanted to, had neither the capability nor time to punish him.


 But for the other rank six Gu Immortals, if they dared to mess around so openly?! Did they think these rank sevens could be toyed with?


 Gu Immortals who made it this far were all astute figures.


 But to mess around with others, one had to see if they had the ability to do so!


 But even Fairy Li Shan could not stand to let this continue, she loudly spoke at Fang Yuan with a cold snort: “Number seven, come back now, we’ll fight together.”


 Fang Yuan was slightly stunned, he could not help but let out a laugh.


 Earlier, he was scheming against the others, but at the next moment, his ally actually slightly schemed against him.


 Even though he, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan had signed the Snowy Mountain Alliance, in which nobody had command over others in the alliance, but right now, they had to act in front of everyone.


 Earlier, to show that they had a deep background, they put up a show and deterred the demons.


 Right now, he could not ruin that background they created, he had to continue acting.


 Over at Fairy Li Shan’s side, her circumstances were quite bad. She fought using wood path, but Old Lord Can Yang was a fire path Gu Immortal, be it fighting techniques or methods, Fairy Li Shan was heavily countered.



***
Chapter 803 - Band of Demons Repels Righteous Immortals


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan came to help, he worked together with Fairy Li Shan, obstructing Old Lord Can Yang.


 Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, he was not afraid of life chasing fire, but even so, the strength path phantom army in his immortal aperture was taking serious damage from the fire.


 After fighting for a while, Fang Yuan felt heartache inwardly.


 When he used the strength path giant hands, they did not use much immortal essence. That was because the strength path giant hands were formed using countless group strength Gu along with the strength path phantoms, it was the manifestation of their strength.


 In essence, each strength path giant hand was made from tens of thousands of strength path phantoms.


 The strength path phantoms were created using his immortal essence a while ago, they were stored in his immortal aperture.


 But now the life chasing fire went after their origin, burning the strength path phantoms directly, by now, the strength path phantom army that Fang Yuan had accumulated had been mostly destroyed. If he summoned more now, he would need to expend huge amounts of green grape immortal essence.


 “If this goes on, the expenditure is too great, this will not do! Fairy, block him for now, I have a plan!” After fighting for some time, Fang Yuan suddenly transmitted while retreating.


 Fairy Li Shan heard this and felt a strong urge to curse at him.


 At this point in the battle, he was still thinking about immortal essence expenditure? She had already gone all out regarding that. She did not even dare to think about the amount of immortal essence she had expended.


 When they attacked captivating sea, in order to fight against time, she used several immortal killer moves, now that she was fighting with Old Lord Can Yang, her expenditure was even greater.


 Fang Yuan was still thinking about immortal essence expenditure now? It was obvious he had obtained the most profits!


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was retreating, the demons had varying expressions, they were stirred.


 “Why is he flying down again?” Unfettered Scholar asked Fairy Li Shan, he could confirm Fairy Li Shan’s true identity already, Fang Yuan did not respond to him at all, it was much more effective to ask Fairy Li Shan.


 Fairy Li Shan was inwardly angry, she fought intensely as she replied coldly: “He said the immortal essence expenditure is too great if this goes on, he has a plan to execute.”


 Still caring about immortal essence? How much did we spend already!


 The band of demons were furious, some had bloodshot eyes, some were breathing roughly.


 Unfettered Scholar’s body was trembling.


 In truth, even Fairy Li Shan and others had plundered some resources. In the entire demonic path gang, Unfettered Scholar was the one who put in the most work while obtaining the least. He did not even loot a single resource point!


 Dong Fang Chang Fan felt his pressure intensifying, it was a vicious cycle.


 Fang Yuan’s words angered the band of demons, they were venting their rage on him.


 At once, Dong Fang Chang Fan raised Miniscule Mountain to defend himself, he was injured in many areas, he was in a pathetic state, the situation was getting worse.


 What Fang Yuan had said earlier was not a lie.


 He flew towards a deep pool directly.


 In fact, while the two sides fought intensely, they had shifted locations unintentionally. Fang Yuan realized that a deep pool below them was full of Dong Fang tribesmen who were hiding, evidently, this was an assembly point.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan, I want you to see it for yourself, the pitiful death of your tribesmen! Hahaha!”


 Fang Yuan’s wild laughter was mixed with the slamming of his strength path giant hand.


 How could the methods of mortals block an immortal killer move?


 The barrier of light that was erected with many layers was instantly destroyed, without even holding on for a second the moment the strength path giant hand made contact with it.


 The strength path giant hand slammed down, with a loud bang, the ground collapsed on itself.


 Many unlucky mortal Gu Masters were smashed into meat paste.


 The mortal Gu Masters at the periphery felt the intense wind caused by the hand, they scattered everywhere and screamed for help, they had no fighting spirit.


 The strength path giant hand rose into the air, a large crevice in the shape of a bloody handprint was left on the ground.


 “My tribesmen! My kin! I will protect them!!” Dong Fang Chang Fan saw this and lost control again, his voice became high pitched.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan saw this and knew a problem was arising, but he could not stop it.


 This was Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will!


 The biggest internal threat!!


 The eyes of the demons were shining, they attacked furiously, Dong Fang Yu Liang disregarded them, he flew down urgently to save everyone.


 “Damn it! Damn it!” As the danger of death approached, the miniman Gu Immortal surnamed Fang shouted out, he had to manipulate Miniscule Mountain, flying to the top of Dong Fang Yu Liang’s head, blocking attacks for him due to the agreement.


 Miniscule Mountain shook intensely from the attack of the demons, countless small rocks fell apart and crumbled.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan, you’ve caused me great harm!” The miniman Gu Immortal shouted in anger and regret.


 Fang Yuan saw that this method was effective, he laughed loudly as he intentionally slowed down, chasing and killing the escaping Dong Fang tribesmen as he attracted Dong Fang Yu Liang’s attention.


 But while Dong Fang Yu Liang was flying in the air, he was suppressed and Dong Fang Chang Fan regained control once more.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan realized that although he was injured, his surroundings were clear now, only a few Gu Immortals were right behind after him, there was a high chance he could break past the encirclement and join up with Old Lord Can Yang!


 Because Dong Fang Yu Liang had charged out without caring about life or death, Miniscule Mountain paid a huge price and took the damage in his place.


 Such a desperate and dangerous act had been out of everyone’s expectations, it gave him a chance instead.


 “You fools, I gave you a chance but you’re letting him escape?” Fang Yuan pointed at the demons and scolded.


 Unfettered Scholar and the others were furious and anxious, they had no time to care about Fang Yuan, they shouted:


 “Chase him!”


 “Don’t let him escape!!”


 At once, the intense combat had become a battle of pursuit.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was escaping and breaking out of his encirclement, success was in front of him, but the band of demons was doggedly on his tail, they threatened to surround him again.


 On another side, Old Lord Can Yang was trying to reach Dong Fang Chang Fan, but Fairy Li Shan remained in his way, blocking his paths.


 At once, the two sides were like headless chickens, they were flying around chaotically in the air.


 Their flying route was completely messy, but this showed the strong foundations of the Gu Immortals in flying. These Gu Immortals were all at least flying masters!


 Mortal Gu Masters did not have the time or effort to learn flying, but Gu Immortals did.


 Flying was a very useful method for advancing or retreating, almost all Gu Immortals spent a lot of time on it, having a good grasp of this ability.


 “Quick, kill some more Dong Fang Gu Masters, make him lose control!” Unfettered Scholar shouted.


 Fang Yuan was on it already, he used the strength path giant hands to grab a few Dong Fang Gu Masters, before squeezing them to death, his methods were ruthless and savage, it had made Dong Fang Chang Fan lose control many times.


 But there were limited numbers of Dong Fang Gu Masters, and Dong Fang Chang Fan refused to go down.


 At this moment, someone shouted: “Qie Shi Min, Qie Shi Min captured many Dong Fang tribesmen earlier, he wanted to sell them as slaves!”


 Qie Shi Min was furious, these were resources that he had spent a lot of time to gather.


 “Qie Shi Min!!” Unfettered Scholar shouted while pursuing.


 “Make a sacrifice now, we will compensate you double after the battle!” Pi Shui Han said grimly.


 Qie Shi Min wanted to reject them, but seeing that Pi Shui Han was oozing with killing intent, he shuddered: “Okay!”


 He took out many Dong Fang Gu Masters from his immortal aperture, killing them in front of Dong Fang Chang Fan. This made the remaining wills extremely furious, they came out one by one.


 Forget the other Dong Fang Gu Immortals’ wills, the most crucial one was Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will.


 He was still a mortal at rank five, he had a deeper bond with the tribesmen, every time his will took control, it gave Dong Fang Chang Fan, Miniscule Mountain, and Old Lord Can Yang huge problems.


 As time continued to pass, Fairy Li Shan could not obstruct Old Lord Can Yang anymore, they successfully joined up.


 But the band of demons had gathered a huge advantage already from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s loss of control.


 Their victory was assured!


 Miniscule Mountain was full of cracks, even while it flew in the air, rocks were falling off from it. Old Lord Can Yang had suffered many attacks in order to take care of Dong Fang Chang Fan, his body was heavily injured, even his beard was dyed red from blood.


 This was the most dispiriting battle he had ever had.


 During the battle, he had asked Dong Fang Chang Fan the final portions of the possession method, but would Dong Fang Chang Fan dare to tell him?


 Once he told him, Old Lord Can Yang would flee!


 Dong Fang tribe was only cooperating with Immortal Crane Sect, the possession method was the biggest bargaining chip.


 “Retreat, we cannot stay here!” Old Lord Can Yang sighed, he transmitted this to Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 “As long as we live, there will always be more opportunities in the future...” The miniman Gu Immortal was afraid that Dong Fang Chang Fan would continue fighting, he quickly added this.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan smiled bitterly: “Do you think I am someone who cannot understand the situation? We’ll retreat!”


 He gave Jade Pool blessed land another longing, he was inwardly filled with anger and hatred, but he had made up his mind!


 Temporary losses were nothing, a true champion could give things up and retreat.


 But right at this moment, Fang Yuan laughed: “Another Dong Fang tribe assembly point, Dong Fang Chang Fan, watch closely, I am going to slaughter them!!”


 “Shameless scoundrel, you dare to bully me to this extent!” Dong Fang Chang Fan was furious, he attacked with myriad star fireflies.


 Fang Yuan saw the imposing attack and smiled, he did not stay any longer, he evaded the attack.


 But this myriad star fireflies attack did not chase after him, it curved and flew down, slamming into the Dong Fang tribe assembly point.


 The Dong Fang tribesmen who were hiding inside were all slaughtered in an instant, not a single person was left alive.


 “This—!” At once, even the demonic path Gu Immortals were shocked by Dong Fang Chang Fan’s ruthlessness.


 “Rather than let you threaten me, I would rather destroy this weakness while I am in control of this body. Brave souls of Dong Fang tribe, listen to me, I, Dong Fang Chang Fan, will exact revenge for you. The hatred and grudge of today’s events, I will return them a thousand fold to you demonic scoundrels!” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s tears flowed down his cheeks, he spoke in deep pain.


 Hearing his anguished voice, even the daring and lawless demonic path immortals felt a chill in their hearts.


 “If the number one person in wisdom path escapes, and plots against me in the future...” The band of demons were feeling wary, fierce lights emerged in their eyes, they had overflowing killing intent.


 At this point, both sides were almost running dry, they had expended a huge amount of resources.


 Initially, it was just a battle for benefits, but now, they could not stop anymore, such a deep seated hatred was established, there was no way else to resolve this.


 “Go!” Dong Fang Chang Fan suddenly flew into the air, opening Jade Pool blessed land’s doors and flying out.



***
Chapter 804 - Old Schemer Vanishes Without a Trace


***





 



 “Chase after him!” The band of demons were relentless.


 But Jade Pool blessed land’s entrance closed, only a few Gu Immortals had followed outside from behind, the rest had to change their directions and fly out from the hole that was made earlier.


 When they flew out of Jade Pool blessed land, even though they could still see Dong Fang Chang Fan’s figure, he was already far away in the sky.


 Everyone was like a meteor, flying through the sky, shrill sounds could be heard.


 The intense winds brushed against them, everyone used their own movement techniques, but the distance was huge, they were already behind from the start, eventually, their distance started widening.


 Fang Yuan was wearing a black robe and had six wings, his speed raised from time to time, it was due to the activation of iron crown eagle strength Gu.


 But even so, there was quite a difference compared to the others, he gradually fell behind, becoming the second wave of immortals.


 The first wave included Dong Fang Chang Fan, Old Lord Can Yang, Miniscule Mountain, Unfettered Scholar, Zhou Ping, Fairy Li Shan, and Peacock Flying Immortal He Ruo.


 The second wave included Pi Shui Han, Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan, Lu Qing Ming, Qie Shi Min, and Divine Lord Tian Du.


 As for Half Moon Brutemaster, Zhuo Zhan, Shi Hou and the others, they had been left in the dust, their figures could not even be seen, there was no third wave at all.


 After flying for fifteen minutes, Old Lord Can Yang sighed deeply, he transmitted to Dong Fang Chang Fan solemnly: “I will block Unfettered Scholar and two other people for you at most, you will give me the final part of the method. Don’t mess around, my patience is running out. You also know that my sect has wisdom path Gu Immortals, with the information I already have, I can deduce the final steps. Except that I will need to spend a lot of time, effort, and funds, that is all.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was quiet for a moment, he did not dare to anger Old Lord Can Yang, otherwise, he might turn on him, he had to give him the possession method.


 Old Lord Can Yang got what he wanted, but he did not go back on his words, he went back to the huge battle and blocked Unfettered Scholar, Lu Qing Ming and Peacock Flying Immortal He Ruo.


 Meanwhile, the other demonic path immortals chased Dong Fang Chang Fan relentlessly.


 After a while, Zhou Ping stopped.


 “I am unresigned! I have two immortal level movement killer moves, but at this crucial time, my immortal essence is not enough!!” He screamed, he felt deeply regretful, he could only watch as the immortals flew away.


 A while later, Divine Lord Tian Du also started to slow down, he sighed: “Everyone, please fight valiantly, I am unable to go any further.”


 If they did not kill Dong Fang Chang Fan, there would be huge problems later.


 Divine Lord Tian Du landed while deeply frowning.


 “Brother Fang, I am not in a good position. Thank you for saving me even though your life was in danger, at this point, you should leave quickly, I will draw them away!” A while later, Dong Fang Chang Fan showed an exhausted expression as he secretly transmitted to the miniman Gu Immortal.


 The miniman Gu Immortal was overjoyed, but he hesitated: “Are you really letting me go? But our agreement is not over yet...”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan interrupted him, throwing Miniscule Mountain out as he said: “Brother Fang, say no more, all the best!”


 “Miniscule Mountain!!” Fairy Li Shan immediately changed her direction and tried to grab at Miniscule Mountain.


 Miniscule Mountain shook, turning into a jade light as it flew towards the left.


 At the same time, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s tired expression vanished, his speed raised by thirty percent as he continued to escape.


 The two split up, the demonic cultivators behind hesitated.


 But Fairy Li Shan had no hesitation, she pursued Miniscule Mountain. Compared to the tough Dong Fang Chang Fan, the miniman Gu Immortal on Miniscule Mountain was weaker, and Miniscule Mountain was more beneficial to her.


 Before leaving, she had sent a transmission to Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan for help.


 After all, it was hard for one person to catch Miniscule Mountain, if there was help, it would be far easier.


 Hei Lou Lan did not hesitate, she immediately followed after Fairy Li Shan. But Fang Yuan rejected her outright, he did not stop chasing Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Thus, Fang Yuan, Pi Shui Han, and Qie Shi Min chased after Dong Fang Chang Fan, while Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan went after Miniscule Mountain.


 Disregarding Fairy Li Shan’s side, Dong Fang Chang Fan had successfully used Miniscule Mountain to lure two strong foes away, his speed was even faster now as he quickly widened the gap between him and his pursuers.


 Pi Shui Han was anxious, he shouted to Qie Shi Min: “Why aren’t you taking out the captives?”


 Qie Shi Min’s movement killer move was a chariot, it gave off the aura of Immortal Gu. He was sitting on the chariot, his expression grim. He had kept many of the Dong Fang tribe captives in his immortal aperture, his motive was to leave them for the end, to deal a fatal blow to Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 But now, he had no choice but to use them in advance.


 “Old scoundrel Dong Fang, your tribesmen are in my hands, fight us directly, you cannot escape.” Qie Shi Min said this as he killed one Gu Master in his hand, taking out another one after that.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan sneered and chuckled coldly, he continued to fly forward.


 After Qie Shi Min killed the thirteenth captive, he finally managed to get Dong Fang Chang Fan to make a mistake, the distance between him and Fang Yuan’s group shortened again.


 But Dong Fang Chang Fan quickly suppressed the threat, after regaining control of the body, he flew again and moved ahead.


 The two sides were in a deadlock, their distance shrunk at times and lengthened at other times.


 Along the way, they met several Gu Immortals, they were either in the righteous path or demonic path, some obstructed them, some chased them, some left immediately and did not want to get involved in this messy situation.


 An hour later, only Dong Fang Chang Fan, Fang Yuan, Pi Shui Han, and Qie Shi Min were left.


 “If I do not die from this, I will definitely reward all of you well!” Dong Fang Chang Fan was already quite far ahead, laughing loudly as he escaped.


 Fang Yuan and the others had grim expressions.


 These three pursuers were originally from the second wave, with their speed, they could not catch up to Dong Fang Chang Fan after he raised his speed.


 The longer this dragged on, the greater Dong Fang Chang Fan’s advantage, he was gradually suppressing the internal threats in his body, even though Qie Shi Min was killing more Dong Fang tribesmen now, Dong Fang Chang Fan was losing control less often than before.


 “What do we do?” Pi Shui Han, Fang Yuan, and Qie Shi Min looked at each other, they saw anxiety but also anticipation in each other’s eyes.


 “Both of you, if you have any methods, please use them, otherwise, it will be too late.” Qie Shi Min said.


 Fang Yuan and Pi Shui Han shook their heads.


 These three were at their wits end already, they had to treasure their precious immortal essence beads. If they had any methods left, they would have used it already.


 Seeing that Dong Fang Chang Fan was going to get away from them, the three pursuers showed intense looks of disappointment.


 But at this moment, Dong Fang Chang Fan lost control again, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s voice was screaming, his speed fell drastically.


 Fang Yuan and the others were overjoyed, Qie Shi Min shouted: “As expected, killing the captives had an effect! Quick, kill him, we can still search his soul later.”


 Fang Yuan and the others quickly got ahead, but at this time, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s expression changed, he showed a smile, as if his plot had succeeded.


 “Oh no, it’s a trap!” Fang Yuan quickly retreated, but it was too late to escape!


 He only saw a ray of starlight, it moved extremely quickly, it grazed Fang Yuan’s shoulder and pierced into Qie Shi Min’s forehead.


 Qie Shi Min expression was frozen into a look of utter disbelief.


 At the next moment, his head exploded, the chariot disassembled as he fell to the ground weakly.


 Be it Fang Yuan or Pi Shui Han, they were shocked and nervous. It was already so late into the battle, to think that Dong Fang Chang Fan still had such a powerful trump card!


 He had truly unfathomable depths!!


 “If you pursue me any further, Qie Shi Min can serve as an example!” Dong Fang Chang Fan laughed loudly, escaping again.


 Earlier, he lost control, that was only him acting, a trap!


 Qie Shi Min was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he had a weaker body than normal immortals, because he was chasing fervently, he was slightly careless, but he actually got killed in one move.


 “Chase him! He is bluffing!” Pi Shui Han was stunned for a moment before reacting.


 Fang Yuan was also pursuing closely: “After this attack, he really has nothing left.”


 Although his tone was certain, Fang Yuan did not believe it completely inwardly.


 If it were other Gu Immortals, that would definitely be the case. But it was Dong Fang Chang Fan, this old scoundrel, this was not a certainty.


 After Qie Shi Min died, there were no captives left to lure Dong Fang Chang Fan to lose control.


 This was terrible news.


 If they stayed and looted Qie Shi Min’s immortal aperture and Immortal Gu, then they would not make it in time, Dong Fang Chang Fan would manage to escape.


 Honestly speaking, even though they were still chasing him, Fang Yuan and Pi Shui Han did not have much hope within themselves.


 But quickly, there was another change.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s speed became slower.


 His speed fell by thirty percent compared to earlier!


 With this, Fang Yuan and Pi Shui Han saw hope.


 “As expected, his burst speed has its limits.”


 “Think about it, that is an immortal killer move, if he could use it for extended periods of time, he would have used it long ago.”


 “Maybe his immortal essence was used up.”


 Fang Yuan and Pi Shui Han interacted, they decided to work together for now, to leave Dong Fang Chang Fan no room to escape.


 They were also worried that if they fought between themselves, at the crucial moment, they might end in failure.


 But just as they were getting closer to Dong Fang Chang Fan, his body flickered as another figure appeared, turning into a second Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 “This?!” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 Pi Shui Han gasped: “Oh no, I’ve heard long ago that Dong Fang Chang Fan had a split shadow Immortal Gu in his hands, to think that it was true!”


 The two bodies had the same aura, they were identical, there was nothing that could differentiate them, they flew off in two different directions.


 Even though the pursuers were using investigative methods, they could not find any flaws.


 There was no choice, Fang Yuan and Pi Shui Han could only split up.


 In the end, not long after Fang Yuan went on his chase, Dong Fang Chang Fan split out another figure and flew towards the left.


 Fang Yuan was joyful and also worried.


 This indicated that he had been chasing the right figure, but he did not expect that this old scoundrel Dong Fang could create another split shadow.


 Fang Yuan quickly took out some Dong Fang tribe Gu Master captives in his immortal aperture, shouting in the same manner again: “Dong Fang Chang Fan, I will kill your tribesmen again!”


 Fang Yuan had used his strength path giant hands earlier to attack the assembly points, he killed large numbers of Dong Fang tribesmen. But in this process, he had left a backup plan, he secretly kept a good number of the captives in his immortal aperture.


 But the two Dong Fang Chang Fans did not pay heed to him, Fang Yuan’s plan did not succeed.


 He could not differentiate them, he could only grit his teeth as he chose the left one randomly, pursuing it.


 Along the way, in just a short while, Dong Fang Chang Fan created another clone and flew in two directions.


 Fang Yuan felt anything but reassured in his mind, what should he do now?


 His immortal essence was almost used up completely, the strength path giant hands could only move slowly, and ordinary mortal killer moves could not even damage Dong Fang Chang Fan’s clothes.



***
Chapter 805 - A Short Break, Another Battle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Unable to determine the fake, Fang Yuan could only guess and make some baseless choices.


 Eventually, when it was night, he watched as Dong Fang Chang Fang’s body gradually faded and vanished, in its place was a lump of Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan collected this lump of Gu worms, the split shadow Immortal Gu was not inside, instead, there were only some rank five Gu worms that were mixed with a heavy Immortal Gu aura.


 “I lost him! Only Pi Shui Han’s end is left, but the chances are low, most likely, Dong Fang Chang Fan escaped. Sigh, as expected of a legendary character, the leader of a super force, he has so many trump cards! The most pressing matter now is to return to Jade Pool blessed land and plunder the final portion of the resources.”


 Fang Yuan swept away his emotions, he immediately flew back.


 Along the way, he contacted Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, but they were still chasing after Miniscule Mountain, they promised him a large amount of compensation if he went to help them out.


 Fang Yuan fell into a difficult situation with two choices in front of him.


 One was Jade Pool blessed land, it was rich in resources, but such a long time had passed, the other demonic path Gu Immortals might have looted it entirely already. The other was Miniscule Mountain, if he could obtain Miniscule Mountain...


 He inwardly felt moved.


 As night descended, the temperature became lower, the night sky was filled with dark clouds, the air was stuffy.


 A moment later, intense winds blew, it rained while accompanied by thunder and lightning.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan sat on the ground, his expression was white as chalk, he looked extremely pale. The body that he had just possessed was heavily injured, some injuries were so severe that bones could be seen, his flesh and blood were exposed to the air openly.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s aura was weak, he frowned deeply: “To think that the possession I underwent caused such a huge and unexpected accident. Indeed, an act of defying heaven incurs the wrath of heaven and earth. Thankfully, towards the end, I gave up Miniscule Mountain and drew some of the enemies away. I also gave up split shadow Immortal Gu to escape successfully.”


 At once, Dong Fang Chang Fan felt lingering fear, relief, joy, solemness, sadness, and hatred.


 All of these complex emotions were mixing together.


 “The injuries on my body are just a small matter, they are not fatal. The important thing is to get rid of the internal threat. The immortal essence I accumulated was mostly used on possession. After this battle, they have been consumed entirely, the battle of wills is my only chance at defeating these nine wills...”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan thought over it, he shut his eyes and entered a state of meditation.


 In truth, with his current terrible situation, he had no other options.


 He was at his wits end, he was like a long river that had dried up until the riverbed was exposed.


 To be able to escape from the pursuers in this state and survive, it was truly nothing short of a miracle.


 Right now, if he hesitated slightly, or refused to undergo the battle of wills, his control over this body would be completely lost.


 He might as well engage in the battle of wills now while he still had some foundation and mental energy, by converting all of his remaining mental energy into his own will army.


 The battle of wills was vicious, it did not concern one’s cultivation level, only the wills in themselves.


 But Dong Fang Chang Fan had no other method now, he had to do this.


 His will rose from his mind, it instantly converted all of his foundation into a huge stream.


 The huge stream flew out of his mind, it was like a waterfall from the nine heavens, pouring down from above. With an immense force, it charged towards all of the other wills in the body.


 “Fight!”


 “Let’s fight together, that old scoundrel’s will is stronger than any of ours.”


 “We have to cooperate, that is the only chance we have at winning!”


 The wills of Dong Fang tribe’s eight Gu Immortals, as well as Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will, joined forces, they resisted Dong Fang Chang Fan’s will.


 A total of ten wills mixed together, fighting chaotically.


 Both sides had no alternatives now, if they took a step back, they would fall into the abyss of failure, their existence would be wiped out.


 This, from the start, was a battle to the death!


 Both sides were equally matched, but a moment later, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s will was at a disadvantage.


 While fighting with the band of demons, Dong Fang Chang Fan had only been suppressing the wills forcefully, he did not find out how troublesome they were to deal with. Only now when they fought, he realized that these wills were tough as iron, they were as firm as steel.


 All of them bore deep hatred towards Dong Fang Chang Fan!


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan, you deceived us, you betrayed us!”


 “For your own selfish desire, you killed all of us, just for your own sake!!”


 “Old and scheming, we were all wrong about you, you only treated us as your pawns...”


 “If you want to kill us, don’t think of surviving either!!”


 “Die together, we will die together!”


 “It was you, you harmed us, you harmed the entirety of Dong Fang tribe.”


 “Right now, Jade Pool blessed land is being looted by the band of demons, nothing is left of thousands of years of management from our tribe!”


 ...


 These wills shouted, with great anguish, they formed into a tide and attacked from everywhere in the body.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s will was forced back, he quickly squeezed back into the mind.


 The mind was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s final base, once these wills broke through it, even if Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul was intact, he would have no way of winning, defeat was imminent.


 “Impressive, impressive! These wills have the resolve to die, they are overwhelmed with rage due to betrayal, and most importantly, due to the heavenly tribulation’s influence, they were strengthened in an unspeakable way...”


 At this moment, Dong Fang Chang Fan could feel deep animosity from heaven and earth.


 He walked on a path that defied heaven, he tried to revive himself, the terrifying backlash caused him to be at death’s doors again, if he took a step back, it would be the abyss of failure.


 But Dong Fang Chang Fan was not flustered under such crisis.


 In fact, the more dangerous this situation became, the more his fighting spirit was stirred.


 In his life, he had always gone against the norm, ever since he started his cultivation and led his tribe to prosperity, he had overcome countless difficulties, he had endured immense pressure, and defeated numerous foes.


 “This time, my enemy is this world itself, even if my body dies of old age, and my soul shrivels, my will is never going to submit!”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan understood: In a battle of wills, he could not feel discouraged or relaxed, he could not waver in the slightest.


 Not only did he not waver, he was more determined now, his fighting spirit soared as his battle strength surged in this battle of wills.


 This was the spirit that he had nurtured after countless trials and obstacles, he would never yield. The fighting spirit to resist until the very end was engraved into his bones.


 At once, the counter attack of his will began, it swept down from the mind, pushing down forcefully.


 The two sides were fighting using Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body as the battlefield.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s head was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s headquarters. Even though he was almost forced back in by the nine wills, right now, his will was charging down from his headquarters, down the neck, all the way to his chest.


 The Gu Immortals’ wills became even more furious, they defended together, like a tortoise shell, they had a strong defense at the chest, refusing to move backwards.


 The battle of wills went into a stalemate.


 The eight Gu Immortal wills were defending Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will, they were like eight thick shields protecting him.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will was growing in quantity.


 Out of the ten wills, only Dong Fang Chang Fan and Dong Fang Yu Liang’s wills could recover and grow.


 This was because the former had undergone possession, his soul was in this body and he occupied the mind, he could replenish his will from this source. The latter was the original owner of the body, the body was most compatible with him. The entire body was Dong Fang Yu Liang’s base, as long as his body was not destroyed, his will could recover.


 The key to victory in this intense and dangerous battle of wills was in Dong Fang Yu Liang and Dong Fang Chang Fan, the wills of this pair of master and disciple.


 Compared to them, even though the eight Gu Immortals’ wills were strong and abundant, they had no source to replenish themselves.


 They knew this clearly, thus they chose to sacrifice themselves and protect Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will, to allow him to grow stronger.


 “Oh no, I purposely left the injuries on my body and did not heal them, I wanted to slow down Dong Fang Yu Liang’s recovery speed. But if we continue this, my will is going to be expended continuously, while Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will is recovering and growing.”


 Thinking of this, Dong Fang Chang Fan became calmer and even colder.


 He knew that at this rate, he would definitely die.


 By now, he had to bet with his life, to use his will to influence the other wills, and destroy them from the inside.


 This method was the fiercest, and also the most dangerous one.


 “But I have no choice... then let’s do it!” Dong Fang Chang Fan shouted, all of his will that had been gathered together broke apart, it flowed like a river as it swallowed the other nine wills, engulfing them.


 The contest of the mind, a battle of willpower, everyone’s perseverance had led to the final clash at this moment.


 “The hatred of murder is irreconcilable!” The Gu Immortals’ wills shouted.


 “My Dong Fang tribe was destroyed in your hands...” Dong Fang Yu Liang was extremely furious.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s will was calm: “As long as I am alive, I can lead Dong Fang tribe back to its glorious days. Do you think I am not anguished... do you remember the story in >... in order to walk out of ordinary abyss, Ren Zu abandoned even his own daughter!”


 “How can you say he abandoned her, it was self Gu which caused trouble!” Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will rebuked.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan sneered coldly: “Whose self Gu is that? That is Ren Zu’s self Gu! Those were Ren Zu’s deepest thoughts! In order to stop being ordinary, it was not a problem if one sacrificed their wives or children, let alone merely the tribe?”


 “As a dirty and despicable person, whatever you see is dirty and despicable!” The Gu Immortals’ wills shouted back angrily.


 “Enough! Without me, Dong Fang Chang Fan, Dong Fang tribe would have perished or been annexed long ago, would you have been able to reach this point? Would Dong Fang tribe be as glorious and prosperous without me? I nurtured you all, I taught you, I gave you your achievements! I planted this tree, this was my achievement, and you! You were just sitting in the shade of my tree, eating the fruits of my labor!”


 Such words were like thunder, dealing a huge blow to the nine wills.


 The Gu Immortals’ wills were in a torrential wave, they could only be swept along.


 All of the scenes in his life were playing in reverse, they quickly filled Dong Fang Chang Fan’s mind.


 In Jade Pool blessed land, while engaging with the band of demons, the battle that was perilous and fatal...


 The heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, his stubborn resistance, all to undergo possession...


 At the moment of life and death, his ambition that did not waver, his vision of the sky that turned dark...


 Deducing the location of Immortal Gu for all of the righteous path Gu Immortals, establishing the alliance agreement...


 In a dark and gloomy hall, he sat alone as he made up his mind to defy heaven, he sneered: “Even if you prevent me from obtaining lifespan Gu, so what? If heaven wants me to die, then I will defy heaven!”



***
Chapter 806 - Outcome Concluded, Turning Around and Leaving!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s recollection continued.


 ...


 The heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity slowly ended.


 He was covered in injuries.


 Dong Fang tribe’s newly advanced Gu Immortal was paying respects to him in the air: “Thank you for your assistance, first supreme elder!”


 He himself was stroking his beard: “Hehehe, that you can advance to Gu Immortal is my greatest wish, now, our Dong Fang tribe has strengthened again!”


 ...


 The battle ended in defeat, the righteous path Gu Immortals were sighing to themselves.


 “Oh, Dong Fang tribe cannot be suppressed.”


 “Fighting alone against five, he really did it!”


 “This wisdom path killer move will definitely become renowned in Northern Plains, what is this move?”


 Starlight filled the sky, it was shining in brilliance, he stood in the air proudly as he laughed: “This move is called myriad star fireflies.”


 ...


 “Oh? You killed a disciple of my sect, Immortal Crane Sect, but you want to cooperate with us?”


 “Hehehe, in this world, there are only eternal benefits, there are no eternal enemies or friends. I have found out a thing or two about the arrangements that you in Central Continent have been planning in Northern Plains. Dong Fang tribe is being ostracized by the righteous path, to turn this situation around, how can a single Gu Immortal like me succeed? My aspiration is to promote my tribe and bring glory to our name. I am certain that you can sense my sincerity.” He said calmly.


 “Hmph, you are just a poor Gu Immortal, on what basis can you cooperate with Immortal Crane Sect?”


 “I have a lifespan extension method for Gu Immortals, it is named possession, and it was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”


 “What? Is that true?”


 ...


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, true inheritance secluded domain.


 He was coughing blood, escaping pathetically among the array of flying true inheritance meteors, it was like a web of death.


 But in the end, even after all his scheming, he did not get what he wanted, he smiled bitterly: “Forget it, I cannot force this anymore, I will choose you.”


 ...


 When he was young.


 “Spare me!” The opponent who brought him shame was kneeling on the ground, begging for mercy.


 “You should not be like this.” He shook his head slowly, sighing.


 “I was blind, I was too daring, please spare me, please spare me, young master Dong Fang!” His opponent sprawled on the ground, begging pitifully.


 “If your attitude was more firm, and you were unmoved in the face of death, I would definitely have spared your dog life. But now!” He attacked abruptly, dealing a fatal blow!


 The head flew up and landed on the ground, it rolled for a short distance.


 Dying with a lingering grievance.


 He turned around and left: “Too disappointing, why did I lose to a person like you back then?”


 ...


 And also, that fortuitous encounter.


 “Young man, what is your name?” The old beggar asked warmly, his hair was purple and messy, it was like uncut grass.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan.” He said.


 “Chang Fan... this name is very incompatible with you.” The purple haired beggar’s eyes were dark like the abyss, he could see his own shadow from within them.


 The beggar looked at him for a while before saying: “You are a good child, I will pass my most important inheritance to you. I believe that without any unexpected surprises, you will definitely make a name for yourself.”


 ...


 Dong Fang tribe, Meng tribe, and Gong tribe, these three super forces had gathered for a fighting competition.


 He was kneeling on the ground, in utter defeat.


 His opponent mocked him: “Hahaha, Dong Fang Guang Yao, you want to bring honor to your tribe? Your Dong Fang tribe is going to be history! You only have one dying old Gu Immortal left. In some years, your Dong Fang tribe will be kicked out from the ranks of super forces. This is good too, as someone who shares the same bloodline of Giant Sun as you, I feel deeply ashamed for all of you.”


 “You!!” He was staring with wide opened eyes, he struggled to get up.


 Under everyone’s gazes, his opponent walked up and stepped on his head in the arena.


 “Hahaha, Dong Fang Guang Yao, according to the rules of our battle, you have to promise me one thing! Hmm... I really hate your name, it does not suit you. I’ll give you a new name, for the rest of your life, you will use this name. Let’s go with Dong Fang Chang Fan! Hehehe, this suits you better.” His opponent said in a mocking tone.


 He clenched his fists, his eyes were bright red, anger was exploding in his body, almost bursting his blood vessels.


 But he was too weak.


 “Okay... from today onwards, I will change my name to Dong Fang Chang Fan.” He squeezed these words out reluctantly.


 “Hahaha, obedient, good! Did everyone hear that? From now on, he will be called Dong Fang Chang Fan!” His opponent raised his feet and walked away.


 He was sprawled on the ground, his injuries were severe, he could not move.


 But in his heart, he screamed — “I!”


 “Even if I change my name to Dong Fang Chang Fan!!”


 “I will become extraordinary, I will be able to move freely and unhindered over the world, I will manipulate the masses!!!”


 “I swear, I will definitely take revenge for this with my own hands, in this life, I will lead Dong Fang tribe back to its glorious days. This is my aspiration, the aspiration of Dong Fang Chang Fan, heaven and earth can bear witness to it!!!!”


 ...


 The nine wills that were engulfed experienced Dong Fang Chang Fan’s entire life in this instant. At once, they understood Dong Fang Chang Fan, they understood that deep within his heart, he was greatly anguished by the death of his tribesmen, from the loss of Jade Pool blessed land.


 “This man...”


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan!”


 “Even if we are enemies, I must say this — incredible!”


 “Fine, to lose to a person like this, it is not a dishonor.”


 “Dong Fang tribe, in your hands, maybe it would rise up again!”


 “Master...”


 The nine wills conceded, some faded, even if some still resisted, they were engulfed by Dong Fang Chang Fan’s will.


 “My name may be Dong Fang Chang Fan, but in this life, I refuse to be ordinary!”


 “If a tree collapses, I will plant a new one.”


 “Everyone, give me time.”


 “I swear, I will definitely take revenge for this with my own hands, in this life, I will lead Dong Fang tribe back to its glorious days. This is my aspiration, the aspiration of Dong Fang Chang Fan, heaven and earth can bear witness to it!!!!”


 This will’s voice sounded like a clap of thunder from the outside world.


 Under this will, the nine wills collapsed, they no longer resisted him, they vanished into nothingness.


 The battle of wills was extremely perilous, but he won in the end!


 Dong Fang Chang Fan opened his eyes slowly, they were flickering with countless crystal lights.


 “Eh?” His eyes opened wide, he realized that out of nowhere, a black robed Gu Immortal was in front of him!


 It was Fang Yuan.


 “How did you find me?” Dong Fang Chang Fan calmed down, although he seemed exhausted, he was extremely calm, it was as if he still had some sort of trump card.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “I guessed it, I chased after your split shadow and lost you. Just when I was about to leave, I had a thought, earlier when you killed Qie Shi Min, the situation was too strange. After checking the traces, I realized that you had dug an underground cavern not far away and hid here. It was all luck.”


 “This is not luck.” Dong Fang Chang Fan shook his head slowly: “My immortal killer move could create thirty split shadows, but they did not waste much of your time. I purposely left Qie Shi Min’s corpse alone and intentionally let his Immortal Gu fly away, the traces were obvious but you did not go after them. The most dangerous place is the safest place. Above this cavern, there is an ordinary pink flower rabbit den, but that did not deceive you. Your intelligence is far scarier than your strength. It is really strange, why did you cultivate strength path instead of wisdom path?”


 Fang Yuan’s lips twitched: “Heh, are these the final words of praise from a dying person?”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan shook his head again, he smiled faintly: “It is a pity, a pity that you came slightly late. If you were earlier, even by a few breaths’ time, I would still be in the battle of wills, it would be extremely dangerous and I would not have time to resist you. But now...”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan dragged out his words, he showed immense confidence in his expression.


 “As expected of the number one wisdom path immortal in Northern Plains!” Fang Yuan saw this and praised.


 His tone was calm, there was no killing intent as he said warmly, like he was talking to a good friend: “Man proposes, heaven disposes, if this method fails, I will leave immediately and acknowledge your superior strength, retreating from you in the future should we meet again.”


 Saying so, he took out a person from his immortal aperture.


 This was a young girl.


 Having a delicate body and watery eyes, she wore a light yellow dress, she looked extremely gentle.


 This was Dong Fang Qing Yu.


 When Fang Yuan used the strength path giant hands to capture Dong Fang tribesmen, he unexpectedly found her, secretly keeping her in his immortal aperture.


 Seeing this girl, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s expression changed.


 In an instant, even this body started reacting!


 The will in the body that was nearly dispersed became firm as ever, it rose up and instantly regained control.


 “Sister!” He shouted.


 But soon, even though it was just a breath’s time, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s will was suppressed again, Dong Fang Chang Fan regained control, his eyes were spewing fire as he looked at Fang Yuan with much anger.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he assessed the situation as he said: “Dong Fang Yu Liang, your sister is in my hands, watch closely.”


 Saying so, he stretched out his monstrous zombie hand and grabbed at the young girl’s left shoulder, pulling.


 Crack!


 Dong Fang Qing Yu’s body shook, before she let out a shrill scream.


 Her entire left arm was ripped off, the huge wound was spewing blood.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s pupils shrunk until they were pin sized, he shouted angrily: “Damn it...”


 Before he finished his words, he lost control again, Dong Fang Yu Liang emerged.


 “Sister!! I will kill you, you dare to harm her, you actually dare to harm her!!!” Dong Fang Yu Liang screamed intensely, he had gone into madness, tears were bursting out from his eyes.


 “Good, this is how it should be.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, the strength path giant hand flew out.


 The giant hand was about to grab Dong Fang Yu Liang, when a light pillar burst out from his body.


 The light pillar stopped the strength path giant hand, Dong Fang Chang Fan screamed with much fear and anger: “A grand Gu Immortal going as far as to do this to a mortal, you are so despicable...”


 Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed, his monstrous claw impacted.


 With a loud sound, he pressed Dong Fang Qing Yu’s head into her chest completely!


 “Sister!!!” Dong Fang Yu Liang screamed at the top of his lungs, this was the most cruel blow he had ever suffered in his life.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan lost control, the defensive light pillar scattered.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan grabbed with his hand, and Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body was smashed into meat paste.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul wanted to escape, but he had just gone through an intense battle, his soul was severely weakened, how could he escape?


 Fang Yuan easily caught him.


 The inheritance of the number one wisdom path immortal in Northern Plains was obtained!


 An intense shock wave burst out, once the Gu Immortal died, the immortal aperture would land on the ground, forming an ownerless blessed land.


 Fang Yuan had expected this, he used his methods and concealed this shock wave to the best of his ability.


 He squinted as he watched the blessed land form, he did not intrude it forcefully.


 When the blessed land was placed down completely, Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air, as he gave it a deep glance before turning around and leaving.



***
Chapter 807 - People Who Refuse to be Ordinary


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 >, Chapter Three, Section Eighteen states:


 Ren Zu stepped on his own road of life, he left the door of life and death, but ended up in ordinary abyss.


 He walked around in the bottom of the abyss, moving forward aimlessly, after a long time, even though he wanted to get out of ordinary abyss, he could not find the exit.


 In his anguish, cognition Gu gave him pointers: “Human, oh human, you walked in the footsteps of other existences, although this road is simple and safe, if you want to become extraordinary, and walk out of ordinary abyss, there is little hope if you follow other people’s trails. Since you walked on your own road of life, all the difficulties need to be challenged by you personally, you need to innovate and carve out your own footprints.”


 After Ren Zu received this advice, he came to a realization, he was overjoyed as he followed cognition Gu’s instructions.


 He walked out of the footsteps that already existed, he started to step on the ground that was not too firm.


 The ground of ordinary abyss was not easy to walk on.


 Some places were swampy, it was easy to get stuck in the mud, and the stench was foul. Some places were full of thorns, sharp pointy tips were everywhere, Ren Zu was full of injuries. In some parts of the ground, there were also blade Gu. When Ren Zu stepped on the ground, his soles were injured by the sharp blades, his injuries became larger as blood flowed, when he walked, the pain could be felt striking deep within himself.


 The injuries on his feet caused huge pain, Ren Zu decided to walk softly.


 But as he walked, Ren Zu lost his way in ordinary abyss, many times, he would end up on the same route, and waste extra effort traversing the same path.


 Ren Zu gradually found out this problem, he was perplexed.


 How could he not lose his way in the abyss?


 Cognition Gu told him: “Ren Zu, if you do not want to lose your way, that is entirely up to you. You were afraid of pain, thus you walked softly, the footprints you created were too shallow. When ordinary winds blow in this ordinary abyss, mortal dust will be blown out, and when the dust settles, your footprints will be covered up. If you do not want to lose your way, you have to leave behind deep footprints, do you understand what I am saying?”


 Ren Zu nodded, he understood.


 Thus, he started to walk using heavy steps, each time, he stepped hard onto the ground, creating a deep footprint.


 This way, every step he walked would have a deep and clear marking left by him. As long as Ren Zu saw these markings, he would know that these routes were already explored, and that there was no exit to ordinary abyss there.


 But good things did not last, after a while, even the deepest footprints would be covered up by the dust.


 Ren Zu was extremely troubled, he asked cognition Gu.


 Cognition Gu gave him another suggestion: “Oh human, even though you left deep footprints, you purposely avoided those thorns and blades. Every time you saw them, you would take a detour, this will not do. You cannot ask to be extraordinary while leading a comfortable life.”


 Ren Zu got the hint and gritted his teeth, he purposely walked on the paths filled with thorns and blades.


 Every time he took a step, he would leave a deep footprint behind, no matter how painful it was, no matter how deep the scar was.


 His sweat and blood seeped into the ordinary soil as he stepped heavily into it.


 When he left his foot and moved forward, on his footprint, there would be a small stem of grass.


 The name of this grass was — accomplishment.


 In each of his footprints, there would be a small stem of grass.


 The stems of grass did not fall when the wind blew, they could not be buried under dust, they grow stubbornly and could be preserved for much longer than the footprints.


 “This way, I would not need to be afraid of losing my way.” Ren Zu was overjoyed, he gritted his teeth and endured the pain, he tenaciously walked on a road filled with thorns and blades, he was not afraid of bleed or perspiring.


 He walked further and further, he no longer lost his way, he no longer walked in circles, he went into uncharted territories.


 He used his blood and sweat to nourish the grass under him, they started growing with more vitality and became taller.


 Gradually, it was no longer grass that grew from his footprints, they had turned into accomplishment trees.


 As time passed, the small trees grew into larger trees, the leaves were lush and green, they were even bearing fruits.


 Ren Zu was tired from walking, he leaned on a tree for rest, he ate the sweet and juicy fruits to recover his stamina.


 As time passed, he had almost walked in every corner of ordinary abyss, he created a huge forest spanning everywhere he had traveled.


 Ren Zu looked at the forest behind him and felt bliss and joy, but even when the forest covered the entirety of ordinary abyss, he did not find the way out of it.


 He felt anxious and disappointed.


 He plucked one fruit and put it in his mouth, the fruit no longer tasted sweet, instead, it was bitter and hard to swallow.


 Ren Zu felt strange, he tried to find the reason and realized: Unknowingly, there had been a second heart growing in his body.


 This heart was called discontent.


 With this, anything that he ate would not taste sweet.


 Ren Zu ate the bitter fruit as he looked at the boundless forest, he no longer felt joy or bliss.


 At this time, his original heart, the heart of loneliness, spoke in self Gu’s voice: “Oh human, I have thought about a way to leave the abyss. You can plant a tall and grand accomplishment tree, as long as this tree is taller than ordinary abyss, you will be able to leave this place by climbing onto this tree.”


 Ren Zu thought about it and his eyes shined: “That’s right, that is a good idea.”


 But he was troubled again: “But how can I plant a tree that is so grand, taller than ordinary abyss?”


 Self Gu said: “You used the blood from your feet to plant this forest, these are all ordinary trees. If you use the blood from your heart, you should be able to plant a great accomplishment tree. Buried under the ground of ordinary abyss are many blades, why don’t you use these blades to stab into your heart, the heart blood that flows out can be used to water the trees.”


 Ren Zu tried the method that self Gu said.


 The blade stabbed into his heart, it caused an immense pain.


 This pain was hundreds and thousands of times greater than the ones in his body.


 Eventually, the trees that were watered grew tall and large, they were much larger than the original trees.


 Ren Zu felt pain but also joy, he continued to stab more blades into his heart, causing more heart blood to flow out.


 The more blades he stabbed, the more heart blood flowed out, and the larger the trees he planted.


 But even the tallest accomplishment tree was only half the height of ordinary abyss.


 Ren Zu continued to persevere, as hope Gu accompanied him.


 When the crown of the tree he planted reach the same height as ordinary abyss, the trunk of the tree cracked open, inside, a girl came out.


 “Father, father!” The girl went into Ren Zu’s embrace, she was very adorable.


 This was Ren Zu’s fourth child, called Boundless Forest Samsara.


 Ren Zu was also overjoyed, he played around with his daughter. When Boundless Forest Samsara was hungry, he would get her fruits to eat.


 “So sweet, so sweet.” Boundless Forest Samsara loved to eat fruits, she became healthy and well-fed.


 She played in the forest every day, feeling immense joy.


 Ren Zu still wanted to walk out of the ordinary abyss, Boundless Forest Samsara urged him many times: “Father, why must you exhaust yourself? Isn’t staying here great, there are trees to shelter us, fruits to feed us, we can play here forever, life will be peaceful until we die of old age.”


 Ren Zu shook his head, his attitude was firm, he planted an even greater tree and the branches of the trees left ordinary abyss completely.


 Boundless Forest Samsara cried, she held onto Ren Zu’s hands as she pleaded: “Father, don’t abandon me. I cannot climb trees, if you go, I will be left here alone, I do not know how to plant trees, there are limited fruits, one day, I will die of hunger.”


 Ren Zu said: “Why would I abandon you? You are my daughter, I will carry you and leave this place.”


 Thus, the father and daughter climbed the tree.


 The higher they went, the more exhausted Ren Zu felt. Boundless Forest Samsara was a heavy burden, even without her, climbing the tree alone was very dangerous, not to mention carrying a person who could not climb the tree at all.


 The bigger problem was, the tree started wavering and making cracking noises.


 Cognition Gu told Ren Zu: “Oh no, Ren Zu, you are carrying your daughter, it is impossible to get out of ordinary abyss. This is your accomplishment tree, it cannot help others become extraordinary, even your daughter is no exception.”


 Ren Zu shook his head: “I do not want to give up.”


 Hope Gu also urged him: “Put her down, otherwise, you cannot leave this place. Even though you have the hearts of loneliness and discontent, after planting so many trees, your heart blood is already dry. This is your last hope! Look, the tree is about to collapse!”


 Ren Zu waved his hand: “I still want to try.”


 Self Gu saw that Ren Zu was stubborn from his actions, and seeing that the other Gu worms failed to convince him, it flew out.


 “Ah, this is killing me!” Self Gu did not discuss with Ren Zu, it bit on Boundless Forest Samsara’s hand.


 Boundless Forest Samsara shouted in pain, she was furious, she wanted to kill self Gu.


 But this way, she let go of her hands, with the shaking tree, she fell off Ren Zu’s back, crashing and tumbling, after breaking her fall from many branches, she landed on the ground, she was in great pain as she started crying.


 “Daughter!” Ren Zu shouted, wanting to go down.


 “It’s too late, the tree is going to fall!” Self Gu pushed Ren Zu, he took a huge step forward subconsciously, he left ordinary abyss!


 The tree fell.


 Ren Zu was at the edge of the cliff, he lost the way back, he shouted helplessly: “Daughter, I will return to save you.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara cried, she said with much sadness and helplessness: “Father, how could you be so cruel to leave me behind to live here alone, I am so scared!”


 Ren Zu heard her cries and felt extremely anguished, he checked around ordinary abyss, but could not find a way in.


 “It is no use.” Self Gu said: “Your accomplishment tree, even if it has fallen, is proof of your grandeur. A grand person is extraordinary, how can a person who is not ordinary enter ordinary abyss?”


 ...


 Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun palace.


 Fang Yuan closed > in his hands, he sighed as he had a complex expression.


 Water flowed downwards, while humans moved towards higher ground. Discontented with being ordinary, this was a normal human trait. Dong Fang Chang Fan was like this, Fang Yuan was also like this.


 “In this aspect, you and I are the same type of people.” Fang Yuan said plainly.


 In front of him, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul was restrained, he was smiling coldly now as he tried to speak — but because he lost his body, he could not make a sound. However, the resonance caused by his soul was captured by Fang Yuan.


 He heard the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains say: “If you want to search my soul, go ahead! But to receive my inheritance, hehe, it is harder than you think.”



***
Chapter 808 - Unyielding Spirit, More Soul Searching


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Oh? You are so confident...” Fang Yuan smiled.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul had already become his captive and his life or death was held in Fang Yuan’s hands, but he still had such confidence.


 Fang Yuan, however, was unconcerned and started soul searching.


 For a moment, Dang Hun palace was shrouded in darkness, cold wind blew and ghostly cries could be heard lingering in one’s ears.


 In the bleak and strange wind, Fang Yuan revealed his original appearance, a towering immortal zombie body in a greenish-black color. A malevolent appearance, sharp fangs, blood-red eyes, eight arms that stretched out with their sharp and large monstrous claws – one slowly moving towards Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul involuntarily wavered for a moment at Fang Yuan’s vicious appearance, but it shortly calmed down and let Fang Yuan’s claw grab it.


 A soul was not corporeal, but Fang Yuan’s claws firmly grabbed on to Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 Afterwards, he activated certain Gu worms in his immortal aperture.


 Soul search!


 A formless force emitted from the monstrous claw to Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul immediately started trembling from the bursts of pain that were assaulting it.


 The soul search ended after a while. Fang Yuan pulled back his claw and let go of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 He was able to plunder much information, but his brows furrowed slightly.


 There was a lot of information obtained by him, but none of it was of importance.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul turned dull and looser, no longer having the firm compactness and luster from before. However, it revealed a satisfied expression as it resonated, sending its message.


 In Fang Yuan’s ears, he ‘heard’ Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul’s snickering: “Do you realize now? I might be a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but soul path and wisdom path are closely connected to each other, I have also delved into soul path, modifying my immortal soul. Your soul searching method is only a mortal technique. That said, even if you had soul path Immortal Gu, I can conceal the information you want.”


 After a brief pause, Dong Fang Chang Fan continued: “Right now, I don’t have a physical body; my soul would not receive nourishment. The more you soul search, the more my soul will be consumed. I have plenty of experiences, I can conceal the information up to the moment my soul completely disappears, you simply won’t be able to plunder my wisdom path inheritance or my possession technique.”


 He then changed the topic: “But we can make a deal. I will give you my wisdom path inheritance, possession technique and other information. You would assist in my rebirth by finding a physical body for me. Don’t worry, I only need a mortal Gu Master. Since I lost to you, I have to admit my defeat. We can set up an oath, Fairy Li Shan fought together with you, if you don’t believe me, you should believe in mountain pledge Gu, right?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Truly worthy of Dong Fang Chang Fan, even in this state, you still haven’t given up and want to make a comeback. It’s a pity that I have soul strengthening method and can take all the time I need to slowly search your soul. Sooner or later, I will get what I want.”


 “Soul strengthening method? Hehehe.” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul chuckled, “It seems that you don’t have a great amount of understanding regarding soul path. I intentionally remodeled my soul for the possession. It increased my chances of succeeding in possession, but also led to normal methods being useless in nourishing and healing my soul, unless you use immortal healing methods. What I am saying is not a lie, you can try as much as you want.”


 “Oh? Is that so...” The faint smile on Fang Yuan’s face faded as he took out airsac Gu.


 As far as Dong Fang Chang Fan was concerned, since Fang Yuan’s soul searching method was only at mortal level, his soul healing methods should also be ordinary.


 He was even more sure of his estimation when he saw Fang Yuan pull out a mortal Gu.


 However, when Fang Yuan broke the airsac Gu and also crumbled the guts Gu contained within, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul immediately received nourishment, his soul regained part of its compactness and luster.


 “Thi... what is this Gu? It is only a mortal Gu, but it can heal my soul?” For a moment, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul intensely shook, showing an astonished look.


 Fang Yuan relaxed when he saw this, and smiled: “Guess.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was an extraordinary character, even if only his soul remained, his intelligence was still there.


 The soul calmed down before resonating shortly after: “At the mortal level, there is only one thing that can influence my immortal soul – Dang Hun mountain’s guts Gu. What you crushed just now should be airsac Gu bought from treasure yellow heaven?”


 “Astute. But you only got it half right. Airsac Gu is my creation and the guts Gu business is also mine.”


 “What? It’s you!” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul blurted out, the cruel reality striking at it fiercely.


 The soul did not resonate anymore, sinking into deathly silence.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was filled with despair, he knew he was truly done for this time by landing in the hands of someone like Fang Yuan.


 He was like meat on the chopping block, Fang Yuan could butcher him whenever he wanted. And Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul would not be able to change the situation even if he resisted!


 After using guts Gu to heal Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul completely, Fang Yuan continued to soul search.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan resisted extremely hard, thus the information Fang Yuan obtained was useless for the most part.


 However, no matter how strong the resistance was, it could not withstand the increasing numbers of soul searching attempts.


 Finally, valuable information was obtained by Fang Yuan bit by bit.


 After spending a long while, Fang Yuan put an end to the soul searching, and pieced together the valuable information among them, forming into detailed information about the resources in Jade Pool blessed land.


 “Jade Pool blessed land contains three large Gu breeding grounds. Regretful spiders are ranked at the second while the one with the largest scale are large cave toads! Their numbers are three times that of the regretful spiders with extremely large numbers of rank five large cave toad Gu, but Dong Fang tribe left them behind in order to induce the creation of an immortal level large cave toad Gu? Truly a big ambition.”


 “In the far east of Jade Pool blessed land, there is a pool which looks ordinary but connects to deep underground. Inside lives a desolate beast horse – a rarely seen ten thousand li zhi horse. This horse has vigorous life force and is extremely useful. Not only is every part of it Immortal Gu refinement material, if it is raised underground for a long time, its sweat after dropping on the ground will gradually grow into a zhi forest. One ten thousand li zhi horse can mean the endless creation of zhi forests.”


 “Oh? There is this kind of salt bed as well. Amazing, using the ancient desolate beast grey life jellyfish to guard and condense the salinity, forming into a giant salt bed that can produce an immortal material, profound grey salt. A salt bed that specifically produces profound grey salt, truly a great move!”


 “Jade Pool blessed land also changes between day and night. After three days of a bright sky, there is a day of dark night. After the night descends, some areas of Jade Pool blessed land will crack and split, revealing two deep pools that were underground. One is a jade pool which, although not big, is filled with an immortal material, desolate jade! Another is canine pool, in which the walls and bottom are formed from the polished teeth of an immemorial desolate beast qilin. Under moonlight, it will create moon fangs. This immortal material is like teeth but is as soft as water, moonlight shines from its surface constantly and it is extremely precious.”


 “Besides this, there is also an ancient desolate beast flying frost antelope, an immortal material hidden underground called hidden dragon beard, the immortal material wind whistling bronze inside bronze pool...”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was Dong Fang tribe’s first supreme elder, and naturally was extremely aware of the distribution of resources in Jade Pool blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was greatly moved as he browsed through these pieces of information, and had the impulse to make a trip to Jade Pool blessed land to plunder the goods.


 But he restrained this impulse.


 During this evening in Northern Plains, he had killed Dong Fang Chang Fan and captured his soul before moving towards Jade Pool blessed land to plunder it again. However, when he reached the blessed land, he discovered the fires of combat raging, intense battles were everywhere around him.


 Dozens of righteous and demonic path Gu Immortals were plundering and fighting like they had gone mad, the situation was extremely heated.


 Fang Yuan had used up a lot of his immortal essence and also had to conceal himself, add in that he was alone, with Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan chasing after Miniscule Mountain, and also had attracted Old Lord Can Yang’s suspicion, he sensibly chose to leave.


 A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes: “Jade Pool blessed land is like a piece of large juicy meat right now, which is stirring all the Gu Immortals up, luring them towards it. Forget it, I might have rank seven battle strength, but my movement and defense aspects are rather inferior, and the situation is also not that good... heh, Dong Fang Chang Fan is still plotting against me. Intentionally exposing this information to me to make me tread into the muddy water that is Jade Pool blessed land!”


 Fang Yuan’s situation was quite bad, it seemed that he was safe, but there were dangers lurking everywhere.


 He was the main culprit for the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and was being actively searched for by all forces.


 Sha Huang was a false identity of his, but it was exposed shortly after the auction. Dragon Commander Ye Cha had suffered losses from Feng Jiu Ge’s group, and had started to investigate Sha Huang, Fang Yuan currently did not dare to go to Zombie Alliance.


 In this trip to seize the wisdom path inheritance, Fang Yuan had further exposed many things, giving more clues for his enemies to deduce.


 “But this risk was necessary! If I just sit by passively, I will be exposed sooner or later. The only correct path is to fight vigorously and make every second count in order to strengthen myself. I was able to obtain a complete wisdom path inheritance in this trip. Ever since I connected luck, my luck has been rather good, I only need to seize the opportunities that come. When I grasp this wisdom path inheritance, I should be able to take precautions against wisdom path deductions. With this, I will be able to try to find a way out by arranging plans, and greatly delay the time before I am exposed while continuing to hide.”


 Fang Yuan resisted the temptation of Jade Pool blessed land, and rested for a while.


 Soul searching could injure the target’s soul and the soul would need to be healed. But even to the user, soul searching could make their soul become extremely agitated, and this could not be healed by guts Gu, but rather required rest and sleep to pacify the soul.


 After resting, Fang Yuan continued soul searching.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul felt an icy chill when he saw Fang Yuan was still here and was not tempted by Jade Pool blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s soul searching lasted for a long while this time.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s resisted even more intensely, while Fang Yuan’s soul search was only a mortal method, increasing the difficulty sharply.


 However, Fang Yuan was very patient; if one time did not work, he would try ten times, a hundred times.


 After a long time spent soul searching, Fang Yuan obtained the memory of Dong Fang Chang Fan remodeling the immemorial ruin bat’s corpse, not only did he obtain the method of enslaving phantom beasts, but also the secret of turning a normal Gu formation into a phantom formation.


 No matter which piece of information, they all had enormous value!



***
Chapter 809 - Arranging Three Treasures, Earthly Calamity Descends Soon


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan did not conceal the joy on his face.


 “Making a Gu formation turn phantom is something that Dong Fang Chang Fan himself deduced and polished from some ancient texts. His phantom path attainment should be at master level. He was able to remodel the immemorial ruin bat’s corpse into a corpse mountain, which means his space path attainment was also at master level. He truly was not a simple character!”


 Fang Yuan was especially interested in the method of controlling the phantom beast army.


 Several desolate level phantom beasts, although they might only be at rank six, but relying on their ability to turn into phantom, they could pester a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan could not help but think that if he had a group of phantom beasts, his battle strength was sure to rise by a large degree.


 After careful consideration, he discovered the method of controlling the phantom beast army did not have a wide range of applications.


 The main condition was to remodel the immemorial ruin bat’s corpse into a corpse mountain. Afterwards, with the corpse mountain as the base, it needed to use the immemorial ruin bat’s power to control this phantom beast army.


 Fang Yuan coldly snorted: “This is Dong Fang Chang Fan’s attempt at trying to harm me again! He knows I can uproot mountains, thus he wanted to use the ruin bat corpse mountain to lure me to take a risk. The ruin bat corpse mountain was mostly destroyed by the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, with its aura gone, it would no longer deter beasts, that area should already be filled with many desolate and ancient desolate beasts feasting on the ruin bat’s corpse. It would be a stupid move to use Pulling Mountain to snatch food from these desolate and ancient desolate beasts!”


 Fang Yuan rested for a while before soul searching Dong Fang Chang Fan for the third time.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was filled with fury and hatred for Fang Yuan, it was this man that made all his schemes turn into nothing, destroying his grand plan of dominance and turning all his efforts into naught, as if they were a dream.


 Despite his foresight and wisdom, he had fallen so far that he had nothing to rely on now. The disparity between the two sides was too big. These two attempts he made were actually very crude, aiming at using the greed in human nature and luring Fang Yuan to make a mistake.


 Compared to the arrangements he made while alive, it was a difference like that of heaven and earth.


 However, Dong Fang Chang Fan only had his soul remaining, it was understandable that his abilities had dropped greatly.


 Fang Yuan was not tricked and after resting appropriately, his third soul search finally yielded him the thing he wanted the most — Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance.


 What Fang Yuan had not imagined was that Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance was actually somewhat connected to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Naturally, it was not an inheritance left behind by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable herself.


 If it was left behind by an Immortal Venerable, Dong Fang Chang Fan would not have fallen into such a state.


 Originally, this inheritance was left behind in ancient times by a rank eight star path Gu Immortal of Heavenly Court. He was adept in exploring secrets, and after obtaining some secrets of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he tried to analyze her abilities, thus creating this imitation.


 This Gu Immortal was a star path Gu Immortal, but his creation was of wisdom path. This wisdom path inheritance used star thought Gu as its foundation, and was related very close to star path, as it entered into wisdom path via star path. Even the refinement of star thought Gu used starlight Gu as the main material.


 The more Fang Yuan comprehended, the greater his joy, as he felt this journey was truly worth it!


 This wisdom path inheritance did not have any specific strong points, other than being particularly good in making deductions.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan relied on this to deduce the phantom formation, methods of controlling the phantom beast army and so on.


 “This wisdom path inheritance is so comprehensive that I have an urge to switch to wisdom path.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 This harvest was truly extremely bountiful.


 A complete inheritance, regardless of which path, covered all aspects like attack, defense, healing, movement, investigation and others.


 All of these aspects might not be too outstanding, but there was no shortcomings either, and would not be easily countered by others.


 Since Fang Yuan’s rebirth, his cultivation in strength path was formed together from bits and pieces, or was modified by himself, and was not an inheritance of a predecessor.


 This wisdom path inheritance’s true value was the same as the blood path true inheritance Fang Yuan obtained in his previous life.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, it was because of this blood path true inheritance that he had a platform to make his rise.


 One can well imagine the value of this wisdom path inheritance from this.


 Blood Sea Ancestor was not even a rank eight Gu Immortal and also had divided his true inheritances into seven parts, thus this wisdom path inheritance Fang Yuan obtained was even more valuable.


 “A pity that I obtained this inheritance a bit late. I am already walking on strength path, even though I still have the first aperture, it died after I turned into an immortal zombie and cannot be cultivated.”


 However, Fang Yuan reconsidered.


 If he had truly cultivated this wisdom path inheritance earlier, he might not have necessarily created the immortal killer move myriad self.


 The future prospects in strength provided by the immortal killer move myriad self was certainly greater than the future prospects in strength provided by this wisdom path inheritance.


 “It is also because I cultivate strength path, that I could kill Dong Fang Chang Fan and seize this wisdom path inheritance. How could there be effect without cause?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, clearing up his disorganized thoughts.


 Regardless, this wisdom path inheritance came at an opportune time and was extremely suitable for Fang Yuan.


 Why was that?


 There was only one reason, that was — rank nine wisdom Gu.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was holding wisdom Gu. Fang Yuan would get unlimited inspiration under the light of wisdom, deducing many immortal Gu recipes, immortal killer moves and so on.


 But this had one large disadvantage, the thoughts in his mind were consumed extremely quickly!


 Previously, when he had delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, he had to spend precious green grape immortal essence for large amounts of joyful will to support this consumption. He sold delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu in the auction and although he earned good profits, malicious thought Gu and memory thought Gu both could not bear the intense consumption.


 Even though Fang Yuan created a stone nest particularly for large numbers of hairy men to refine Gu with almost no rest, having them supplied with the greatest speed, it still could not match a session of consumption under the light of wisdom.


 This was the largest obstacle restricting Fang Yuan from making deductions.


 But it was alright now. With this wisdom path inheritance, Fang Yuan could use a smaller price and have higher efficiency in deducing all kinds of things.


 “Land spirit, where are you?” Fang Yuan lightly tapped his foot.


 “Master, I am here.” Little Hu Immortal appeared in front of Fang Yuan, instantly.


 Her small face was flushed red, tender and plump. Her snow white furry tail was wagging happily at Fang Yuan’s summon.


 Fang Yuan spoke: “Immediately stop the second stone nest’s refinement of malicious thought Gu and change it to refining star thought Gu. This is the Gu recipe, go make the arrangement.”


 “Understood, master.”


 “Have you already made appropriate arrangements for the resources I brought?” Fang Yuan asked.


 The moment he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, he had taken out all the resources from his immortal aperture and had them arranged in Hu Immortal blessed land, the concrete work was handed to Little Hu Immortal.


 His immortal aperture was filled with death energy. It was okay for temporarily storing these resources, but if they were stored for a long time, they would be pervaded by death energy, which could cause the value of most of the resources to drop by a large extent.


 “Everything has been arranged, master. The air bubble fish group has been placed in the east of the blessed land, together with the previous air bubble fish. There are a lot of air bubble fish and the starlight firefly Gu are above them, in the future, the production of starlight firefly Gu will definitely increase greatly!”


 “As for that group of close to a million dragonfish, they are temporarily placed in other small lakes. After some time, we can send rockmen to dig a large lake and put the dragonfish group together, their reproduction will increase even more this way.”


 “For literature carps, I specially dug a small pool to store them away from plain sight.”


 “Other than those that died, there are over a thousand living eerie fire dragon pythons which have already been joined together with the few we had before. They have occupied a large territory in the southern part of the blessed land.”


 “Oh, there is also oil water and some other common resources which have been temporarily placed in Dang Hun palace’s storage rooms. The regretful spider group has been placed in the northern part of the blessed land, which has a long and narrow terrain. I spent a great deal of effort to make the proper arrangements.”


 Little Hu Immortal eagerly raised her head, with an expression that said she wanted to be praised for her work.


 Fang Yuan smiled, and praised: “Ah, our Little Hu Immortal is the most capable.”


 Little Hu Immortal smiled, her large and round eyes curved into a crescent moon-like shape, and her snow-white tail rapidly wagged. For a moment, she was carried away with happiness, lightly hopping to Fang Yuan’s foot and hugging his thick calf.


 She pressed her tender face on Fang Yuan’s calf, before raising her head and looking at Fang Yuan with her large watery eyes, her face flushed red with excitement as she spoke adoringly: “Master, you are amazing, you brought so many good things this time. We can earn a lot, Hu Immortal blessed land has never been so wealthy!”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily and picked Little Hu Immortal like picking a kitten, and placed her on his broad shoulder: “Don’t worry, good times are still ahead.”


 Little Hu Immortal nodded multiple times, having complete faith in Fang Yuan’s ability. But with somewhat of a worried tone, she reminded: “Master, master, I have something to report, that desolate beast shark fin wolf you brought just now is not in such a good state. It is always hiding inside the pool and doesn’t hunt actively, and it even starts sobbing sometimes.”


 Fang Yuan coughed, and said in an indifferent tone: “Don’t worry, this is because it suffered quite a big setback. I have experience in raising wolf groups, it will gradually recover with time.”


 “Master, there is still another matter I need to remind you of. You should not forget that the blessed land’s earthly calamity will arrive soon.” Little Hu Immortal said.


 Fang Yuan slightly frowned: “You can relax, I have always been keeping it in mind, how can I dare to forget such a thing?”


 The time difference between Hu Immortal blessed land and the outside world was five to one. Earthly calamities happened once every ten years, in the outside world of Central Continent and Northern Plains, over a year had already passed.


 Two years in the outside world was ten years in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The previous earthly calamity was the desolate beast swamp crab, which carried the Immortal Gu, Gruel Mud. What would this earthly calamity be?


 “Last time, I was only a mortal Gu Master. Now, I am already a rank six Gu Immortal with many Immortal Gu, immortal killer moves, and allies, as well as the newly obtained wisdom path inheritance. I have great assurance in passing the earthly calamity.” Fang Yuan was not worried, he had many trump cards and resources, a vast difference from when he faced the previous earthly calamity, thus he was confident.



***
Chapter 810 - Chang Fan Requests To Cooperate


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan inquired the land spirit about the arrangements of the Dong Fang tribe Gu Master captives.


 Fang Yuan had killed Dong Fang Qing Yu and many others, but he still had about one to two hundred Dong Fang tribe survivors.


 The land spirit replied that she had temporarily set up a prison underground, nearby a rockman tribe. She then asked if these captives were to be sold?


 These people were not easy to control and make use of. They would not obediently listen and forcing them to refine Gu like hairy men would be careless, it could instead result in those that were seeking death to sabotage the refinement and cause problems.


 Fang Yuan shook his head and instructed: “First take away all the mortal Gu on them and keep them in confinement. Give them a little food every day, as if they are pets being raised. I have other uses for these captives, but there is no hurry.”


 “Yes, master.”


 “How many immortal essence stones do I have left?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “One hundred and thirty seven.” The land spirit immediately replied.


 Fang Yuan nodded. Unknowingly, the quantity of his immortal essence stones had once again passed one hundred.


 The biggest reason was because of the increase in price and quantity of the guts Gu traded, every month, after removing the shared profits, Fang Yuan earned ninety-two immortal essence stones in pure profit.


 Thus, going above one hundred had become easy.


 Fang Yuan had also instructed the land spirit to pay attention to treasure yellow heaven, buying any cheaply sold fox groups in order to raise them in Hu Immortal blessed land, in this way, he would be making use of the specialty of Hu Immortal blessed land and increasing its foundation.


 Little Hu Immortal had taken action a few times and bought two to three fox groups, and if not for that, the amount of immortal essence stones would be even higher.


 Having a monopoly on the business of guts Gu, where there was a lot more demand than supply, it was easy to earn immortal essence stones.


 Fang Yuan thought for a while before putting aside twenty immortal essence stones in preparation for unexpected situations, and seventy immortal essence stones to turn into green grape immortal essence. In the series of battle to seize the wisdom path inheritance, he had completely used his previous seventy-seven beads of green grape immortal essence, it needed to be urgently replenished.


 He gave all the remaining immortal essence stones to Little Hu Immortal to purchase large amounts of Gu refinement materials, and also asked her to particularly focus on the refinement of star thought Gu.


 “I can’t sell oil water, I plan to use it in the earlier stages of the Refinement Path Convention. Nor can I sell air bubble fish, they are needed to raise the production of starlight firefly Gu. Literature carps are precious, but their quantity is rather few, I need to wait for the proper buyer. But eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders and dragonfish are in in huge quantities, they can be turned into business projects. Especially dragonfish, they can be directly sold.” Fang Yuan thought inwardly.


 These three resources had appeared at a good time.


 Up to this point, Fang Yuan only had one source of revenue, that was the guts Gu trade.


 Owning a monopoly business was simply like owning a goose that laid golden eggs.


 But it was only one business, after all, and the production of guts Gu was limited, Fang Yuan had to be very careful in how he used his immortal essence stones. Although he gotten past the initial dangerous state from when he had just become Gu Immortal, and now had established his foothold, balancing his income and expenditure. However, he did not have additional capacity to progress further. Currently, Fang Yuan simply did not dare to refine Immortal Gu, he had insufficient foundation.


 Fang Yuan needed to be constantly ahead, he had to get rid of his immortal zombie body and revive, deduce all kinds of Gu recipes, killer moves, deal with all sorts of enemies, and multi-cultivating wisdom path, ensuring no shortcomings in all aspects, just a single source of revenue could not satisfy his ever increasing needs.


 “If I can operate these three businesses, it would be like I have extra support, the earnings of immortal essence stones would satisfy my current needs, as well as greatly speed up my progress in all aspects! Dong Fang tribe was, after all, a super force with a strong foundation, after plundering it, my future prospects have immediately broadened.”


 Fang Yuan sighed and had the thought of soul searching Dong Fang Chang Fan again.


 These economic projects were Dong Fang tribe’s business secrets. For instance, how to group up eerie fire dragon pythons and greatly increase their reproduction, how to raise dragonfish, what to feed them, which environment is most suitable, what to do if they got sick.


 To form a source of revenue was very difficult. It involved many aspects and everyone would have their own tricks of the trade and secrets. Back then, to cultivate star fragment grass, Fang Yuan had to purchase the insights and experience of a few star path Gu Immortals, and also pay some immortal essence stones.


 As Dong Fang tribe’s first supreme elder, Dong Fang Chang Fan surely knew the business secrets of Dong Fang tribe.


 His soul was an enormous treasury and its value was certainly not limited to the wisdom path inheritance.


 Thereafter, Fang Yuan attempted to get these business secrets in his fourth soul search.


 However, what he obtained this time was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s possession technique, not only the original version Dong Fang Chang Fan obtained in true inheritance secluded domain when he was young, but also the method he had modified, as well as the method of extracting origin cores of Gu Immortals of the same bloodline to immediately advance to Gu Immortal.


 “I can revive using this method. It requires people of the same bloodline... hmm, is that little brother of mine still alive? He is a ready-made possession target. But even if he is dead, it doesn’t matter, I can still use blood path methods on a woman to give birth to the next generation. But this possession method will anger heaven and earth, the resulting heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity will be terrifying. The main reason for Dong Fang Chang Fan’s fall was due to this. Moreover, if I possess someone, even if I advance to Gu Immortal, my new body won’t have the second aperture.”


 The second aperture’s value was enormous, Fang Yuan did not want to give it up for the time being.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul saw Fang Yuan was moved, and suddenly broke its previous silence, resonating once again as it ‘spoke’: “You are an immortal zombie, it will be difficult beyond belief for you to regain life. Your cultivation has stopped and it will forever be at this level. The possession technique is extremely suitable for you! Of course, I now know this method provokes the envy of heaven and anger of earth, and is extremely dangerous. But I can improve the method to hide from heaven, and you can also possess a mortal to reduce the anger of heaven and earth, thereby reducing the might of the calamities and tribulations.”


 “You are seeking death if you directly use this possession technique, I am the best example of it. But I now have the most precious experience to improve the method, and I can definitely succeed. In fact, if not for you, I would have already succeeded! How is it, we can cooperate.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan proposed cooperation to Fang Yuan.


 He could sense Fang Yuan wanted to revive, and in fact, there was no immortal zombie that did not want to regain life.


 Not waiting for Fang Yuan to speak, he continued: “It will benefit both of us if we cooperate, while it will result in harm if we are divided. What are you still worried about? I am merely a soul, do you think I can still harm you?”


 While speaking, Dong Fang Chang Fan was constantly agitating Fang Yuan, there was a vague hint of goading him into action.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “As expected of Dong Fang Chang Fan, I thought your silence meant that you had completely admitted your defeat. I hadn’t thought that the moment you saw hope and an opportunity, you’d immediately latch on to it. I should learn from this.”


 “Oh? I have already said that you and I are the same kind of people, we both have lofty ambitions and aspirations.” The soul resonated.


 However, Fang Yuan changed the topic: “Precisely because we are of the same kind, I cannot let you live. Don’t worry, once I extract everything of value out of you, I will destroy your soul and make sure it completely disappears from the world. People like us, the fewer there are, the better.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul was stupefied, he had not expected Fang Yuan’s killing intent towards him would be so deep and firm. He resonated intensely, not giving up as he forced a laugh: “Hahaha, you cannot fool me, you are already interested!”


 Fang Yuan agreed: “I am interested. I believe you definitely have the ability to improve this possession technique because you have master level attainment in blood path and phantom path, grandmaster level in wisdom path and also the most precious experience of using the possession. There is an extremely large gap between my attainment and yours, and I am sure it is impossible for me to improve this technique even if I have your wisdom path inheritance.”


 The attainment levels of using Gu were divided into five main levels.


 Ordinary, master, grandmaster, great grandmaster and supreme grandmaster.


 Master was the level when one’s use of Gu worm advances to the level of an art. This level could only be reached if one had abundant talent or constantly trained and increased their accumulation.


 Grandmaster level was when one had a very profound grasp of their path. With their deep foundation, they could use inductive reasoning to utilize their own path’s methods to make use of the specialty traits and advantages of other paths.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had attainment of wisdom path grandmaster, flying quasi-grandmaster, space path master, soul path master, enslavement path master and blood path master.


 Fang Yuan had attainment of blood path grandmaster, strength path grandmaster, refinement path quasi-grandmaster, flying quasi-grandmaster, enslavement path master and transformation path master. As for soul path, space path, time path, dream path and others, he was only at ordinary level, and for phantom path, he had not even touched upon it.


 Generally speaking, all Gu Immortals had at least master level attainment in flying. Because flying was extremely important and even if they had not grasped it while they were mortals, after becoming Gu Immortals, they would definitely spend a lot of time to study and master flying ability.


 Fang Yuan had grandmaster attainment in two paths, but one was from his previous life’s five hundred years of accumulation, while the other was gained from using the superiority of his rebirth, taking constant risks and having fortuitous encounters.


 Everyone had their own specialties, Fang Yuan’s attainment levels were not enough to deduce and improve the possession technique, but Dong Fang Chang Fan was a specialist in it.


 It was due to this that Fang Yuan could not do it while Dong Fang Chang Fan could achieve it. Thus, he had confidence in persuading Fang Yuan and requesting cooperation.


 Soul search could only give memories, secrets and so on, but it could not provide attainment levels.


 Attainment levels were a person’s unique thinking, their emotional experiences, their insights and experiences of using Gu and so on, summed up and condensed. They were their comprehension of the Great Dao of heaven and earth.


 Currently, there was only one method to acquire the attainment levels of others, by successfully exploring their dream realm.


 Fang Yuan knew he could gain extraordinary benefits if he cooperated with Dong Fang Chang Fan, but he had an even greater fear of the consequences of working with this person, Dong Fang Chang Fan. If he cooperated with this wisdom path Gu Immortal, who knew how he would be plotted against and betrayed.


 This was especially the case because Fang Yuan was the true culprit of the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. The external situation was extremely bad, and if Dong Fang Chang Fan learned of this and made use of it, he certainly could cause Fang Yuan to die a terrible death.



***
Chapter 811 - Shocking Secret, Giving Up Cleanse Soul


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, he continued to search Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, no matter how much he persuaded him.


 This session was the longest so far, Fang Yuan searched Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul until all of his secrets were exposed.


 He learned about Dong Fang Chang Fan’s life, the countless experiences he had.


 “Gu Immortal Han Dong is long since dead, after the phantom beast dragged him into the corpse mountain, he was supposed to be a captive, but he died in the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.”


 “So it turns out that Dong Fang Chang Fan had made arrangements in Jade Pool blessed land, using the rank six Immortal Gu House Thatched Hut as the core. But at the crucial moment, Thatched Hut went missing! This allowed us, the demonic path cultivators, to invade Jade Pool blessed land.”


 “As expected... the moment I destroyed Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body, and Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul left it, he self-detonated all of the Immortal Gu in his aperture!”


 “White lotus giant silkworm Gu! To think that Dong Fang Chang Fan used large amounts of white lotus giant silkworm Gu to improve his immortal soul... within his immortal aperture, there is still a batch of white lotus giant silkworm Gu left.”


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan, looking at his whole life, he was unresigned to being ordinary, he was first a hero, then a champion.”


 “Eh? This is — Purple Mountain True Monarch! Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s time path inheritance was from this person. To think that Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance was also from this mysterious old man!!!”


 The stream of secrets assaulted Fang Yuan one after another.


 After a long time, Fang Yuan finally reacted, he had completely taken in this huge amount of information.


 Purple Mountain True Monarch, this was just the name that Fang Yuan gave to the mysterious purple haired beggar. This mysterious old man seemed to have countless precious inheritances, his background must be very profound, his motives were unknown, it could be said that he played an extremely important role in Dong Fang Chang Fan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s achievements today.


 For now, he shall be called Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 In Fang Yuan’s memories of his previous life, he had no recollection of this Purple Mountain True Monarch, even during the five regions chaotic war, he did not appear, did he hide himself, did he have another identity, or did he die of old age? According to Dong Fang Chang Fan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s situations, it seemed that this man was extremely old.


 “Forget Purple Mountain True Monarch for now, my cleanse soul Immortal Gu needs food, the amount of white lotus giant silkworm Gu is not enough, but it can alleviate my current problem. I did not want to bother with that blessed land for now, but it seems that I have no choice.”


 Fang Yuan destroyed Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body, causing his immortal aperture to fall on the ground and become an ownerless blessed land.


 Unlike public blessed lands, these individual blessed lands would have land spirits, they were easy to defend and hard to take down.


 When Dong Fang Chang Fan lost, in order to prevent Fang Yuan from profiting, he destroyed all of his Immortal Gu, to prevent his enemy from getting stronger. But there were still a lot of mortal Gu in his immortal aperture, perhaps because they were cheap, or he did not place much value in them, or maybe he lost control of them too quickly. In any case, they were all preserved in his blessed land and were not destroyed.


 Not speaking of the other mortal Gu, but white lotus giant silkworm Gu was something Fang Yuan needed as food for Cleanse Soul.


 Fang Yuan paced in the room as he thought about it.


 The Northern Plains Gu Immortal world was originally quite tranquil, but ever since Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, it had produced huge consequences, it was like a giant tsunami. Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were furious, they wanted to find the culprit. But the Immortal Gu that escaped from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building caused Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals to fight over them intensely, it created chaos in the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.


 After the auction, with the rank eight Gu Immortals at the lead, the super forces discussed matters and the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world was no longer as chaotic, there were new rules in place. But because of Shadow Sect, and the Central Continent Gu Immortals, there were still turbulent undercurrents.


 Right now, with Fang Yuan’s interference, a super force, Dong Fang tribe, was exterminated, the tranquility of the world of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals was ruined once again, turbulence swept the region.


 Currently, countless Gu Immortals from the righteous and demonic paths were fighting to seize resources in Jade Pool blessed land, it was a mess.


 Northern Plains’ situation, it could be said to truly be in shambles!


 In fact, ever since Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, Northern Plains had not had a day of peace, it had thoroughly deviated from its original path.


 Compared with his previous life’s memories, Fang Yuan had a feeling: He seemed to have accidentally broken Northern Plains.


 Fang Yuan took a risk just now, with some luck, he obtained the wisdom path inheritance, originally, he wanted to develop himself for some time, while helping Hu Immortal blessed land to survive the earthly calamity. Using the wisdom path inheritance, he would deduce the immortal killer move, vaguely familiar face.


 Based on the news he had, the current situation was quite tense, it would be best if he stayed away.


 But the allure of white lotus giant silkworm Gu was too great, Fang Yuan knew that even though he had some methods to keep it alive, cleanse soul Immortal Gu was reaching its limits from hunger, he needed to feed it white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 “Immortal Gu are unique, but even though they are precious, cleanse soul Immortal Gu is not something I cannot live without. I have self strength Immortal Gu as the core now, even if cleanse soul Immortal Gu was destroyed, I would not be too greatly affected. Of course, if I could use it along with self strength Immortal Gu, the killer move myriad self might be able to become twice as powerful as now. Furthermore, it can even promote the growth of my soul foundation.”


 Fang Yuan was hesitant.


 Although Cleanse Soul was good, it was not enough for him to risk his life.


 Immortal Gu were only tools, his life was most important. Fang Yuan was fully aware of this point from beginning to end, he would never be blinded by greed.


 A few days later.


 Northern Plains, at the place where Gu Immortal Qie Shi Min died.


 From time to time, there would be Gu Immortals appearing, both righteous and demonic. After staying here for some time, they would leave, trying to find the aura of the Immortal Gu in the air. Some tried to enter the blessed land that formed from Qie Shi Min’s immortal aperture, but they left after failing.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were hiding far away, observing the situation, while using their divine senses to communicate.


 “The target has not appeared yet?”


 “Since they could kill Dong Fang Chang Fan and made many arrangements here to conceal Dong Fang Chang Fan’s blessed land, they obviously want to keep it a secret. Very likely, they want to take down this blessed land, they also know that accidents can occur over time, they will definitely return.”


 “That is not very likely by now. We have secretly stayed here for so many days, the other party might have discovered us already. With this opportunity, we might as well go to Jade Pool blessed land.” Fairy Ling Mei said.


 “Hmph, are you saying that my Black Heaven Temple’s signature immortal killer move, defending day and night, cannot conceal our presence and would be seen through easily?” Old Man Tian Long was immediately unhappy, retorting.


 Fairy Ling Mei went silent, she knew that her earlier words were slightly impudent. Black Heaven Temple was one of the ten great ancient sects, they needed to defend their reputation, their names could not be sullied.


 Fairy Ao Xue who was beside Fairy Ling Mei said: “I’ve heard that in Jade Pool blessed land, a ten thousand li zhi horse ran out.”


 The meaning hidden in her words was very obvious, she was in agreement with Fairy Ling Mei’s earlier suggestion, she also wanted to go to Jade Pool blessed land for its abundant resources.


 “Hmph, this trifling level of wealth can entice all of you? Don’t forget why we are here. This immortal zombie is very suspicious, he has quite powerful battle strength in strength path, he is very likely to be immortal zombie Sha Huang!” Old Lord Can Yang was hidden to the side, interjecting in this.


 “Trifling level of wealth? You speak as if it’s insignificant, even though Dong Fang tribe is inferior to our sects, it is also a super force. Their foundation, compared to individuals like us, is much deeper. Oh, Can Yang, your harvest just now was great, the reward from Immortal Crane Sect for the mission must be very profitable. You are benefiting greatly from this yourself, but you want the rest of us to suffer losses? Isn’t this too much?” Chen Zhen Chi spoke resentfully.


 He had not completed his sect’s missions yet, because Feng Jiu Ge called him over before he had finished.


 The others were in similar situations.


 Others might be afraid of Old Lord Can Yang’s life chasing fire, but he was not. He was a flying grandmaster, and had the immortal killer move approaching body, even if life chasing fire was used on him, he could escape from it.


 In the Central Continent Gu Immortal world, there was a saying: ‘Zhen Chi of the nine heavens, followed by Fei Yan’. ‘Zhen Chi of the nine heavens’ referred to Chen Zhen Chi, he could spread his wings and fly into the immemorial nine heavens, heaven and earth could not restrict him.


 The latter, ‘followed by Fei Yan’, referred to a Gu Immortal of Heavenly Lotus Sect, Bu Fei Yan, she was a female Gu Immortal who could move agilely in the sky, she was like a wisp of smoke that could dance in the air.


 Right now, the female Gu Immortal, Bu Fei Yan, had also come to Northern Plains, she represented Heavenly Lotus Sect of the ten great ancient sects, she was joining in the investigation of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s collapse.


 At this moment, two flying grandmasters of the current generation were present.


 Chen Zhen Chi spoke, but Bu Fei Yan remained silent, not saying a word.


 Old Oracle, however, added: “Jade Pool blessed land was so easily taken down mainly because the rank six Immortal Gu House, Modest Thatched Hut, went missing mysteriously. I am not after those resources, but I have made a deduction, I deduced that clues about the culprit are in Jade Pool blessed land.”


 “Modest Thatched Hut... heh, I would rather call it by its original name — Thatched Hut! Speaking of it, this Gu House was created by the Late Antiquity Era’s Three Thatch Demon Immortal, it used up almost all of his wealth. During his later years, he roamed Northern Plains, becoming a grand overlord for a while. Three Thatch Demon Immortal had a daughter, he doted on her. At that time, Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Yu, and this woman were in love with each other, thus, he left the righteous path and went into the demonic path. After Three Thatch Demon Immortal died, he inherited this Thatched Hut, killing his wife and going back to the righteous path, returning to his tribe. To get rid of his past, Dong Fang Yu added in some other Gu into Thatched Hut, calling it Modest Thatched Hut. Its effect did not change at all, it was just for his own reputation.” Wind Cloud Manor’s Gu Immortal, Hong Chi Ming, spoke.


 Before he became an immortal, he explored Northern Plains while his cultivation level was that of a mortal, he lived there for some time. Thus, he knew about these details clearly.


 At this time, he mentioned this, his intention was also to go to Jade Pool blessed land to plunder for resources. But he did not say it, he was subtly hinting them.


 “Alright, how much longer are we going to stay here like this? Should we go to Jade Pool blessed land and search for clues? Or look for that Fairy Li Shan, since she fought together with that immortal zombie, they must have a close relationship, she certainly knows many secrets.” A Gu Immortal was impatient.


 “No, Fairy Li Shan paid a heavy price and left this place after obtaining Miniscule Mountain. Right now, she is hiding inside Snowy Mountain blessed land. That is a den of Northern Plains’ demonic path, if it was like in the past, it would be fine. But now, Old Ancestor Xue Hu is trying to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, he is overseeing matters there.”



***
Chapter 812 - Battle of Rank Eights, Huge Commotion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Once Old Ancestor Xue Hu was mentioned, Central Continent’s immortals went silent.


 These people had rank seven cultivation level, they had outstanding battle strength, near the top in their respective sects. But against a rank eight Gu Immortal, they would only lose.


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge had the ability to fight rank eight Gu Immortals, he was still rank seven after all.


 Meanwhile, Old Ancestor Xue Hu of the demonic path had terrifying battle strength, according to the intelligence that Central Continent collected, it faintly indicated that he could be the strongest rank eight expert in Northern Plains!


 Just as the Central Continent Gu Immortals went silent, three demonic path Gu Immortals had concealed their appearances and stealthily entered the trap of the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 They went underground, going to the place where Dong Fang Chang Fan was killed, before revealing themselves.


 Of these three Gu Immortals, the one at the lead was tall, giving off a fierce aura. He had a pair of long eyebrows, he had an aquiline nose, his eyes were shining with a sharp light. His ears were not human ears, they looked like wings, shining in golden light.


 He was the owner of the fourth peak of Northern Plains’ Snowy Mountain blessed land — Li Peng Wang.


 On his left was a person shorter than him, but with a more robust and stocky body. He radiated with dominance as he gave off an icy dragon’s prestige, it was the owner of the fifth peak, Demon Lord Long Dan, who was in control of ice lake palace.


 The final Gu Immortal walked on Li Peng Wang’s right side. His eyes were dark, he wore a white robe and had a lean body, he resembled a scholar but was less polished looking than Unfettered Scholar, yet he still had a grand aura. It was the owner of the sixth peak — Gong Zi Mo.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were laying in ambush, they had outstanding methods, the three demonic path Gu Immortals did not discover them.


 Their attentions were focused on what was in front of them.


 There was nothing in front of their eyes, but they sensed that they had found a hidden blessed land.


 “This is the blessed land that Dong Fang Chang Fan left behind after dying?”


 “Begin, the longer we drag things on, the more problems will occur. The blessed land that Qie Shi Min left behind is near this place.”w


 “Since they are Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s orders, we will definitely do our best and take down this blessed land, let’s begin!”


 The three moved rapidly, because they had made sufficient preparations, after making some arrangements in the outside world, they tore through space and entered the blessed land.


 After watching the three of them entered, the Central Continent Gu Immortals continued to use their divine senses to communicate.


 “Amazing! Snowy Mountain blessed land’s fourth, fifth, and sixth peak owners have all moved out.”


 “Snowy Mountain’s first three peaks have immovable statuses, but the rest of them can compete for a higher position. These three are scheming against each other while moving together, to have them working together like this, only Old Ancestor Xue Hu can control them.”


 “The immortal zombie did not come after all, but Snowy Mountain blessed land’s members came. Should we take them down?”


 “No. These three immortals have extraordinary battle strength, they would combine to be higher than people like Unfettered Scholar, at least equivalent to any of us. Although we have more people, we lack coordination. It is easy to defeat the three of them, but it would be hard to kill them, and even harder to capture them.”


 Old Lord Can Yang agreed with this as he sighed: “That’s right, Northern Plains is a place of constant battles, it has the highest battle strength for individuals out of the five regions. Each of their Gu Immortals have rich battle experience, they have many unique methods, and their methods of self-preservation far surpass Central Continent, they are very sly. Earlier in Tai Qiu and Jade Pool blessed land, the number of dead Gu Immortals was very few. But if this was in the other four regions, the casualties would be two to three times as high.”


 “It is not impossible to capture them, hehe, but we will need Lord Feng Jiu Ge to attack personally.” A Gu Immortal said.


 In this Northern Plains expedition, Feng Jiu Ge’s superior battle strength left a deep impression in the Central Continent Gu Immortals’ hearts.


 But Feng Jiu Ge said: “We will retreat.”


 Saying this, without giving the immortals a chance to ask him questions, he left in an extremely secretive manner, not leaving any traces behind.


 The immortals looked at each other for a moment, before following his lead quietly.


 The group gathered somewhere far away, as the immortals asked Feng Jiu Ge in confusion.


 Earlier, the ambush was Feng Jiu Ge’s idea. Now that three demonic path Gu Immortals appeared, Feng Jiu Ge was the first to leave.


 “We have such a strong united force, are we afraid of just three people?”


 “Retreating without fighting, this tarnishes the reputation of our ten great sects of Central Continent!”


 “Going to and fro, what is the meaning of it all?”


 The Gu Immortals went further and further away from Jade Pool blessed land, as their tones also got more unhappy, but because of Feng Jiu Ge’s power, they did not flare up.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked around as he said some shocking news: “Fairy Li Shan obtained Miniscule Mountain and had returned to Snowy Mountain blessed land to recuperate. I have already gotten news, a rank eight righteous path Gu Immortal of Northern Plains, Yao Huang, has already traveled to Snowy Mountain blessed land, to ask for Miniscule Mountain from Old Ancestor Xue Hu.”


 “What? There is such a matter!”


 “Are the two rank eights going to fight?”


 “Northern Plains is really... rank eight Gu Immortals would always only act as deterrence in Central Continent, but just for Miniscule Mountain, they are really being so active. They are truly battle maniacs. Back then, during the competition for Dang Hun mountain, our ten great ancient sects of Central Continent only sent disciples to compete for it.”


 The immortals talked among themselves as their expressions changed, they were trying to absorb this shocking news.


 At this moment, Feng Jiu Ge smiled lightly, he said: “That strength path immortal zombie is very vigilant. The three demonic path immortals of Snowy Mountain blessed land might be pawns to probe us, or might be the force behind him attempting to probe us. If we go after this bait, it would then be falling into a trap. We should head to Snowy Mountain blessed land and see if there is a chance to enter it and capture Fairy Li Shan instead.”


 The immortals were all speechless.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land, the strongest base of Northern Plains’ demonic path, it would be on a similar level compared to one of the main bases of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s boldness was overwhelming, he was actually targeting Snowy Mountain!


 ...


 Snowy Mountain blessed land, first peak.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was seated on a large chair, he was holding a small mountain in his hand as he rotated it while observing it closely.


 This small mountain was full of cracks, it was a terrible sight. Corpses were all over the mountain, they were of minimen, blood flowed everywhere, the survivors were weeping in anguish, it was a scene of misery.


 This was none other than Miniscule Mountain.


 Fairy Li Shan chased after Miniscule Mountain and fought against the miniman Gu Immortal, they attracted other Gu Immortals who attacked, from both the righteous and demonic paths.


 After a chaotic battle, the miniman Gu Immortal was almost dead, he traveled with Miniscule Mountain and moved randomly, in the end, it was captured by Hei Lou Lan who was at the periphery of the battlefield.


 Hei Lou Lan killed the miniman Gu Immortal and defended this treasure with Fairy Li Shan, they fought their way out and went through immense danger to return to Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 This caused Miniscule Mountain to be in its current state of near destruction, the miniman tribe on the mountain also faced heavy casualties.


 “This is Miniscule Mountain?” At this time, a female immortal walked out from behind.


 She was called Lady Wan Shou, the wife of Old Ancestor Xue Hu, she had rank seven cultivation level, and was one of the four most famous refinement path Gu Immortals in Northern Plains.


 Once she appeared, her gaze was affixed to Miniscule Mountain, she was very interested in this legendary mountain.


 “My wife, did you have any gains this time?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu turned around, asking warmly as he passed Miniscule Mountain over to her.


 Lady Wan Shou nodded: “I have already understood all the procedures to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu, but to familiarize myself with those steps, I still have some way to go.”


 As she said that, she received Miniscule Mountain and observed it closely.


 On Miniscule Mountain, because the miniman Gu Immortal had died, there was no leader left, the surviving minimen were shivering in fear as they squeezed together.


 “Monster!”


 “So scary, so scary...”


 “Don’t eat me, I have too little meat, you won’t be satisfied.”


 Lady Wan Shou was beautiful and elegant, she had dazzling eyes, but in the eyes of the minimen, she was like a huge monster, she looked terrifying.


 Lady Wan Shou looked at it for a while before moving her gaze away from Miniscule Mountain, she smiled lightly: “Sister Li Shan is very lucky. She was a wood path Gu Immortal who also cultivated earth path. Afterwards, because she obtained mountain pledge Immortal Gu, she changed it into her core Immortal Gu and became an information path Gu Immortal without a solid foundation. In fact, her blessed land was still a wood path blessed land, it managed flowers and grass. Now that she has the miniman to help her, it would be a huge advantage for her. Sister Li Shan is a member of Snowy Mountain blessed land, now that Miniscule Mountain is in our hands, it proves that our luck is growing, we are becoming more prosperous.”


 “My wife, that is not correct.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu shook his head: “It’s the opposite, this shows that our luck is declining. I want to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu, I need to use Ma Hong Yun as the main refinement material. Thus, Fortune Rivalling Heaven is targeting me, causing me to encounter obstacles. Look at this Miniscule Mountain, it is on the verge of collapsing, to fix it, I will need to pay a huge price. These are the gains of our third leader, it naturally cannot be given up, she will definitely expend a huge amount of resources on it. This will indirectly affect my plan to collect immortal materials. A man’s wealth is his own ruin by stirring another’s greed, right now, she obtained Miniscule Mountain but it created a commotion and attracted enmity. A huge problem has arisen, the righteous path is taking action. Look, this is Yao Huang’s letter.”


 Yao Huang’s letter?


 Lady Wan Shou was shocked, she quickly looked through the contents.


 In the letter, Yao Huang said: Miniscule Mountain was in Jade Pool blessed land, it is the possession of Dong Fang tribe. Now that Dong Fang tribe is exterminated, the world has been shaken. As people with the same bloodline, as descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Yao Huang was requesting on behalf of all the righteous path forces, to negotiate with Old Ancestor Xue Hu and return Miniscule Mountain to the righteous path.


 In the letter, Yao Huang was very courteous, but Lady Wan Shou knew that this was the righteous path’s demeanor — they were always like this, even if they had huge hatred or grudges, they would act politely on the surface and keep a gentlemanly tone in their speech.


 Lady Wan Shou could feel Yao Huang’s overbearing attitude from the letter, she looked at Old Ancestor Xue Hu worriedly: “Husband, you only have ten or so years until the next myriad tribulation, you cannot fight easily! If anything happens during the fight and you hurt your origin core, your will lose your foundation and even if you succeed in refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu, the losses will be greater than the gains. By the time your myriad tribulation arrives, if these losses cause you to fail...”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed heartily: “My wife, you are still the same. Yao Huang’s letter is one of my trials, but it is also a chance, I have to make use of it and face it head on.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu said that as he paused, his expression changed as he said resolutely: “Oh? He is here, it is great that he’s here!”



***
Chapter 813 - Grand Snow Power, Defeating Strong Foes


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lady Wan Shou looked up, her gaze piercing through Snowy Mountain blessed land towards the clear outside sky of Northern Plains.


 The sky had been clear, blue and cloudless above Snowy Mountain blessed land, but after Yao Huang arrived, his aura was so grand that winds and clouds swept through the sky, dying the sky orange and yellow.


 Yao Huang’s voice arrived before his figure could even be seen: “Old friend Xue Hu, I seek your understanding for visiting without prior notice.”


 His voice resounded throughout the area, piercing into Snowy Mountain blessed land, causing countless snowy peaks to tremble and accumulated snow to roll down. Some snowy peaks even had small avalanches.


 “Hahaha.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed heartily as he flew out of Snowy Mountain blessed land to the sky, the air behind him was filled with frost energy.


 The sky changed, one half shined with orange radiance while the other half repelled with frost energy.


 However, right at this moment, a wave of pitch-black ink clouds flew over from the west.


 The ink clouds seethed violently, quickly spreading throughout the sky, it did not lose out to Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Yao Huang, forcefully spreading its territory in the sky.


 Lady Wan Shou’s expression changed and her heart sank, crying out: “Why did Heavenly Lord Bai Zu come as well!”


 Ink clouds, frost energy and orange radiance seethed with irresistible force as they divided the surrounding sky into three sections.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu sneered: “Heavenly Lord, why are you here to join in the commotion rather than managing your force properly?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu coughed as he laughed dryly: “Old friend Xue Hu, it is merely Miniscule Mountain, how can it be of interest to you? It would be better if you return it to the righteous path and prevent some trouble.”


 Lady Wan Shou’s expression turned dark, and the demonic path Gu Immortals who had stayed behind in Snowy Mountain blessed land looked at the sky with stifled breaths.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was part of the lone cultivator faction, but after the auction, he had been preparing to establish a righteous path force. Right now, he was working together with Yao Huang, and the situation did not look good for Old Ancestor Xue Hu who was alone!


 However, at the next moment, Old Ancestor Xue Hu raised his head and laughed loudly, his valiant spirit burst out: “In that case, both of you can attack together, let’s have a round of combat before any further talk!”


 Saying so, he flew to the sky with a loud sound and directly tore open the heavenly wind qi wall, entering white heaven.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had such immense and terrifying power that it was hard for the surroundings to endure their wrath. Normally, when they fought, they would tacitly agree to enter the immemorial nine heavens to avoid causing a catastrophe to the living beings on the surface.


 “My friend, since you have such an interest, then I shall keep you company.” Yao Huang’s gaze flashed as he followed Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was dazed for a moment before giving a bitter smile: “Since old friend Xue Hu is insistent, please forgive me for my following actions.”


 The three rank eight Gu Immortals entered white heaven, shortly afterwards, explosions resounded out from the sky.


 “The three have started the fight in white heaven!” Someone exclaimed this among the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 They had still not reached Snowy Mountain blessed land and were an immense distance afar. Right now, as they looked at the sky, they could see space churning over a vast range, ink clouds seethed, white frost energy blew out and orange light filled the sky.


 The explosions were like lightning in the sky, they were never ending and could make a listener’s heart tremble.


 “Quick, take advantage of their fight to enter Snowy Mountain blessed land!” Feng Jiu Ge looked on with a firm gaze before rapidly withdrawing it, a sharp light flashing past his eyes.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals took deep breaths, these people were skillful and daring, after hearing Feng Jiu Ge’s commands, they felt a long awaited excitement and nervousness, they all increased their speed.


 Howl!


 Halfway along their route, they suddenly heard an ancient desolate beast’s cry coming from the sky.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals quickly evaded it.


 “This is a remnant heavenly dog!” The immortals stared blankly, recognizing this ancient desolate beast.


 Boom. The remnant heavenly dog crashed to the ground like a meteor, smashing open a huge crater, it struggled for a while before it turned motionless.


 “Even this remnant heavenly dog was beaten out of white heaven.”


 “How can the power of rank eights be so fierce?!”


 “Just the repercussions of the battle could cause this remnant heavenly dog to die such a miserable death...”


 “Careful!”


 The warning was just called out when hailstones started to fall down the sky.


 These hailstones were like the peaks of small mountains, raining down over the surroundings, their frost energy was piercing to the bone, countless living beings froze to death, and the Central Continent Gu Immortals also could do nothing other than to make a detour.


 Crack!


 Suddenly, a thunderbolt struck down from the sky, brushing past the corner of Old Oracle’s clothes.


 Old Oracle gave a miserable scream as he quickly pulled away from the dazzling lightning. Almost half of his body was gone, and he was instantly seriously injured, close to death.


 After a while, as the Central Continent Gu Immortals got closer to Snowy Mountain blessed land, a cold wind blew, almost as if it was blowing their souls out of their physical body.


 The higher the cultivation of Gu Immortals, the greater the gap between each rank. There was simply a world of difference between rank eight and rank seven, since ancient times, characters that could fight against rank eights with rank seven cultivation were very rare. Over these recent years, the huge Central Continent had one such character – Feng Jiu Ge.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were blown from side to side, and were just barely able to maintain their concealment, but their expressions did not look good.


 All these signs suggested Northern Plains’ rank eight Gu Immortals had battle strength that might slightly surpass that of rank eights within Central Continent!


 Central Continent had many more rank eight Gu Immortals than Northern Plains. In the five regions, Northern Plains had the fewest rank eight Gu Immortals. This was because of the frequent battles in Northern Plains, among the five regions, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals had the highest death rates.


 In Northern Plains, those that could carve out a path of blood through obstacles, standing at the peak and establishing their foothold at rank eight, were naturally not ordinary people. All of them were champions, it was impossible to merely achieve it through luck.


 Just the collateral damage of the battle in white heaven could throw the Central Continent Gu Immortals in an awkward predicament.


 Old Oracle had restored his body after narrowly escaping death, but his expression still carried disbelieving shock as he muttered: “How is this possible? I actually was not able to predict this thunderbolt?”


 Bu Fei Yan’s gaze wavered as she wondered, if she was in Old Oracle’s place, could she escape that thunderbolt with her movement ability. She could not help speaking: “Are we still continuing?”


 Chen Zhen Chi looked up at the sky, which had now become like a tattered rag which had been patched up with a sew countless times. Techniques entangled with each other as they covered areas of all sizes, some had seething dark clouds, some had cold winds, some had thunderbolts, and some had hailstones.


 It was truly a scene like the end of the world.


 These Central Continent Gu Immortals were not ordinary experts and had outstanding insight. They could see that these small areas were completely transformed by dao marks, some were filled with ice path dao marks, some with lightning path dao marks, some were of wind path, and some were of soul path.


 They were less than a thousand li away from Snowy Mountain blessed land, but this distance was extremely dangerous, it was filled with sinister and fatal traps.


 “This is the gap between rank seven and rank eight?”


 “The dao marks in each of these single areas are more than what we have after bitter cultivation!”


 “Life-and-death is beyond one’s control, how long has it been since I had such a feeling!”


 “Too dangerous, too dangerous, it’s not worth throwing away our lives just to capture someone.”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals started to announce their intentions to retreat.


 Only Feng Jiu Ge remained unmoved as he kept moving ahead, his gaze calm as if he could not see the dangers around him.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals felt their hearts shaking when they saw Feng Jiu Ge in this state.


 “This guy is truly monstrous, being able to battle rank eights with rank seven cultivation...”


 “I could not normally sense it, but now that I think of it, Feng Jiu Ge is truly terrifying.”


 “No, even if he can battle rank eights, it is only for a short while. Once our identities are exposed and the three rank eight Gu Immortals attack us, our deaths are certain. This guy, Feng Jiu Ge, is facing death with indifference, moving ahead boldly. I had almost forgotten his origin as a person of the demonic path, he only converted to righteous path later on!”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals followed behind Feng Jiu Ge, communicating the intent to retreat with their gazes, but due to their reputations and their sect’s names, they could not say it out loud and wanted others to say it first.


 It became harder to bear with every passing minute and second. Right as they were feeling awkward, Feng Jiu Ge, who was at the lead, suddenly stopped and held up his hand behind him: “Stop!”


 The Gu Immortals quickly stopped and saw Feng Jiu Ge looking up with a serious expression.


 They followed his gaze towards the sky, where all sorts of powers were still entangling and repelling each other. The Gu Immortals who had the capability to do so activated immortal killer moves to look beyond these barriers, into the scenery inside white heaven.


 These Gu Immortals immediately cried out in shock.


 Inside white heaven, where three rank eights had been fighting, there was no longer a stalemate, instead, Old Ancestor Xue Hu occupied the upper hand. The grand frost energy suppressed Yao Huang’s orange radiance till it was tightly withdrawn, and made Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s ink clouds retreat.


 “I had not expected Old Ancestor Xue Hu to have such powerful battle strength, fighting alone against two, yet he has already grasped victory in such a short time.” Feng Jiu Ge heaved a sigh, his expression one of admiration and regret.


 “Retreat.” The chance was lost, he immediately flew away without hesitation.


 The other Gu Immortals were already anxious to retreat, at this moment, they quickly retreated from this dangerous area without speaking.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could finally endure no longer, saying: “Old friend Xue Hu has exquisite methods, I have learned a lot. We have lost.”


 Yao Huang also said shortly afterwards: “The current state of Northern Plains is in turbulence, old friend Xue Hu, now is not the time to determine the winner and the loser. Since you have your sights on Miniscule Mountain, we can forget my previous suggestion. Until we meet again.”


 Yao Huang was still bent on defending his reputation, Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed loudly and said with an unforgiving tone: “The two of you want to come and go as you please, what do you take me for?”


 When he finished speaking, heaven and earth started to tremor, the ground quaked and mountains shook.


 Endless frost energy descended, sweeping away all obstacles, the sky became clear with no more cold wind and thunderstorms.


 In a huge surrounding range, the ground was instantly covered with a layer of ice and snow.


 The temperature rapidly descended, the ground was frozen as if Northern Plains had returned to the cold winter from the warm spring.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Three explosions resounded from the sky.


 Echoes rumbled throughout the world, deafening like a lord of thunder shouting beside one’s ears.


 The concealment of the Central Continent Gu Immortals lifted from this attack and their bodies staggered. Besides Feng Jiu Ge, everyone’s ears were bleeding, their eardrums had broken!


 “Leave, leave quickly!” All color drained away from the Gu Immortals’ faces, the battle intent inside them fell to the abyss as they only concentrated on flying away.


 There was also a large earthquake in Snowy Mountain blessed land. Primeval energy fluctuated rapidly, and the Gu Immortals inside shivered as both their bodies and minds suffered intense shocks.


 After a long while, the ground gradually stabilized. Six mountain peaks of Snowy Mountain blessed land were half-destroyed, there were enormous fissures in the ground, and countless resources planted and stored in the blessed land were destroyed.


 However, Snowy Mountain blessed land’s Gu Immortals were flushed red with excitement, their eyes shining brightly.


 They looked far away where a tall male figure descended slowly from the sky.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu!


 From above him, pure white crystal clear powder was spreading with the wind.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked back at this sight, his pupils dilated as he muttered: “Split heaven powder, even white heaven was split...”


 Snowy Mountain blessed land’s Gu Immortals, however, were ecstatic as they flew out of the blessed land and made greetings.


 “This subordinate welcomes old ancestor!”


 “Now, the debate of who the strongest rank eight of Northern Plains is, has been settled!”


 “Old ancestor has endless power, the greatest in Northern Plains! Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had to retreat with their tails tucked between their legs!”


 The demonic path Gu Immortals stopped one after the other in the air, and only Lady Wan Shou moved closer.


 “Dear.” She spoke warmly with a proud expression which also contained worry.


 “Rest assured, I have my reservations, but Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang also have their own concerns. These two were coveting Fortune Rivalling Heaven and did not want me to successfully refine it. I defeated both of them, now let’s see who in Northern Plains has the guts to disturb my work.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu chuckled and continued, “It is just that I tore open the sky to white heaven above, and have to trouble you to repair it. Otherwise, desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts will descend from the crack. Although they are of no threat, they will be a persistent bother.”


 Lady Wan Shou relaxed after confirming her husband was alright. She poked at Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s broad chest and said with a helpless tone: “Oh you.”



***
Chapter 814 - Clarifying the Situation, New Transaction


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu fought two enemies by himself, defeating the collaboration of Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 This battle shook Northern Plains! Information spread like the wind, the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world went into chaos because of it.


 Furthermore, because the Central Continent Gu Immortals saw this firsthand, information entered Central Continent, alerting many leaders of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, they quickly engraved Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s name deeply in their minds.


 A few days later.


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan visited, bringing firsthand information with them.


 Fang Yuan held this information path mortal Gu as he shut his eyes, it was as if he was in Snowy Mountain blessed land, he was viewing from Fairy Li Shan’s perspective.


 In the sky, the sight of the three rank eight great experts fighting could be seen.


 From start to finish, their moves were grand and majestic, his mind was in a daze as he watched.


 Even though the distance was great, and the three were fighting far away in white heaven, but just from the naked eye, one could feel the imposing power of the rank eights.


 Among Gu Immortals, the higher the cultivation, the greater the difference. Between rank six and seven, there are some elites that can fight rank sevens occasionally.


 Between rank seven and eight, the difference is immense, like the distance between the sky and earth. To fight rank eights with rank seven cultivation level, in the entirety of human history, it was extremely rare!


 By rank nine, one’s own strength could dominate the world, there are no opponents left, one is invincible, the strongest in heaven and earth! Rank eight Gu Immortals are not a rank nine’s match, they would always lose terribly, there had never been an exception.


 Looking over this scenery three times, Fang Yuan returned the Gu worm to Fairy Li Shan, his eyes became clear when he opened them.


 Fang Yuan had already anticipated Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s great power, in his previous life’s memories, Central Continent had lost several huge battles because of him, he even killed some rank eights from Central Continent.


 This time, by observing the battle personally, Fang Yuan had gained a deeper understanding of Northern Plains’ situation.


 “Northern Plains’ righteous path has two rank eight Gu Immortals, they are Yao Huang and Prince Feng Xian. In terms of reputation, Yao Huang has the highest in the righteous path, while Prince Feng Xian is related to Central Continent, he is the biggest spy that Central Continent has hidden in Northern Plains.”


 “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, Northern Plains is in turbulence, the arrangements that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had made painstakingly were destroyed. With the breakdown of established customs and the competition for Immortal Gu, the righteous and demonic paths went into intense battles, new hatred overlapped on old grudges one after another. Even though Qin Bai Sheng held the auction, the immortals are only busy processing their gains currently, after a short while, their conflicts are only going to escalate.”


 “From Imperial Court blessed land destruction, Northern Plains’ righteous path suffered the most, while the demonic path actually had great benefits. All along, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangements had been to establish his goal of a hereditary monarchy. The righteous path of Northern Plains is also the Huang Jin bloodline, they suppress the demonic path and lone cultivators greatly. Now that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, the demonic path and lone cultivators have lost a large amount of pressure on them. Be it in my previous life or this current life, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu only created his super force after Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed. He is a rank eight Gu Immortal but he does not have the Huang Jin bloodline, even he is afraid of the combined pressure from all of the Huang Jin bloodline super forces.”


 “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wants to establish a righteous force, he needs a good relationship with Yao Huang and the others, while steering clear of the demonic path, he needs to show proof of where he stands. Thus, when Yao Huang demanded Miniscule Mountain, he had to go with him. But he did not expect that Old Ancestor Xue Hu would be so fierce, actually defeating the combination of him and Yao Huang.”


 “To Old Ancestor Xue Hu, refining the rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu is extremely eye-catching, countless people are coveting it. None of the righteous path forces want him to succeed. Especially after the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the righteous forces are even more suspicious and wary of the demonic path, they are afraid of them rising up.”


 “But Old Ancestor Xue Hu needs a lot of resources to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu. He sent his demonic path Gu Immortals all over the place to collect immortal materials, this caused many conflicts to occur, and it would only continue to escalate, creating more animosity and obstacles. Old Ancestor Xue Hu decided to fight just now, his greatest motive was to send a wave of deterrence over the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, to clear the obstacles for refining fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.”


 “Northern Plains’ situation was originally gloomy with many undercurrents, it was like a volcano ready to explode. Now that Old Ancestor Xue Hu had defeated both Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu at the same time, it would have a huge impact. He simply swept away the obstacles ahead of him, skipping past the point of a large scale battle between the righteous path and demonic path, bringing the demonic path into a position of great strength, pressuring the righteous path. In the following days, the demonic path in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world will be overbearing, while the righteous path will be lowering their heads. This is the aftermath of this battle, it affected the entire region!”


 Fang Yuan was old and wise, he could see the situation clearly.


 Rank sixes, although they had surpassed the mortal realm, they are only the bottom tier of Gu Immortals.


 Rank sevens are the main pillars of strength.


 Rank eights usually did not move rashly, each of their actions, even if unintended, would cause huge repercussions and influence.


 For any series of events, each rank eight Gu Immortal was a trendsetter.


 “Rank six and rank seven can only follow the main flow of events. When can I also become such an important character? A person who can dictate the flow?” Fang Yuan could not help but think of this.


 “Alright, Fang Yuan, we are here this time to bring what you needed to complete the transaction. Now, I am passing it all to you.” Fairy Li Shan spoke.


 She brought Fang Yuan a group of white lotus giant silkworm Gu and a large number of star thought Gu.


 As it turned out, Snowy Mountain blessed land knew about the location of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s blessed land after he died because Fang Yuan provided them the details.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had undergone possession and been restored to life, since he had just become an immortal, no matter how high grade his immortal aperture was, there would be few resources inside. After Dong Fang Chang Fan died, the blessed land was formed as a whole entity. In terms of defense, it was far superior to a public blessed land.


 If a land spirit was formed, it might be filled with hatred towards Fang Yuan, or have an obsession of taking revenge on Fang Yuan. In addition, considering the force that was investigating Fang Yuan’s background, he did not want to risk his own life just for cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 Thus, through Fairy Li Shan, he borrowed Snowy Mountain’s forces to achieve his goals.


 The value of a blessed land was immense, Fairy Li Shan and Fang Yuan had an agreement, Fang Yuan would provide the information and tell her the location of the blessed land, basically giving this blessed land to Fairy Li Shan. In return, he wanted the white lotus giant silkworm Gu inside, as well as the ordinary star thought mortal Gu.


 As for the Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had already learned from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul that they had all self-detonated.


 Fang Yuan obtained the white lotus giant silkworm Gu and controlled his joy. After seeing the huge amount of star thought Gu, over fifty thousand of them, he could not conceal the joy inside him any longer, it showed in his eyes.


 These fifty thousand star thought Gu simply came at such an appropriate time!


 It was truly timely assistance.


 Fairy Li Shan observed his expression and coughed, saying: “Congratulations Fang Yuan, right now, you gained the most from Dong Fang tribe’s destruction. After all, you obtained Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, this is not just a complete wisdom path inheritance. Dong Fang Chang Fan’s secrets in managing blessed lands have immense value. Moreover, you had obtained many resources inside Jade Pool blessed land as well!”


 As Fairy Li Shan said this, she did not conceal her envy.


 Because the Snowy Mountain Alliance was not over yet, members of the alliance had to speak the truth, Fang Yuan did not conceal anything of the matter of obtaining Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 He could not hide it anyway.


 There were many traces and clues left that could deduce the truth, Fang Yuan decided to simply inform Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan without hiding anything.


 At this moment, he said: “Fairy, you obtained Miniscule Mountain, that is an item recorded inside >, its value is not inferior to what I obtained.”


 “You do not need to speak such flattery, you have Dang Hun mountain, you do not need Miniscule Mountain. Hehe, we all know inside ourselves that you are the biggest winner of this. Moreover, about Miniscule Mountain...” Fairy Li Shan smiled bitterly: “I am here to ask you a favor, I am here to ask for help.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned solemn: “I am listening.”


 It turned out that Fairy Li Shan and Dong Fang tribe had made an agreement, as allies, they could not attack each other. But to fight for Miniscule Mountain, Fairy Li Shan went back on this agreement during the process.


 Although Fairy Li Shan only went into information path a while after becoming a Gu Immortal, she had made preparations in case she had no choice but to go against the agreement, she had asked someone to use a time path immortal killer move on her.


 The effect of this time path killer move was to allow Fairy Li Shan to break the alliance agreement, the backlash and damage from it would be stalled for a period of time before activating.


 Miniscule Mountain’s miniman tribe were only allies with Dong Fang Chang Fan, they did not belong to Dong Fang tribe. Despite this, the backlash of breaking the agreement was still very severe, Fairy Li Shan was originally heavily injured, she was not confident of enduring this backlash.


 Thus, Hei Lou Lan thought of a good idea for Fairy Li Shan.


 Initially, Fairy Li Shan and Dong Fang Chang Fan made the agreement using mountain pledge Gu, they had used Miniscule Mountain for it.


 If Miniscule Mountain was destroyed, the agreement would fail, there would be no backlash.


 But if Miniscule Mountain was destroyed, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s risk would have been for nothing, that was not an acceptable solution.


 Hei Lou Lan’s idea was: After Miniscule Mountain was destroyed, when the time path killer move’s effect wears off, after the backlash is over, they would ask Tai Bai Yun Sheng to use Landscape as Before to heal the mountain.


 By then, Miniscule Mountain would be back to its original state, even though Fairy Li Shan still would have the agreement with Dong Fang tribe, as long as she did not break it again, it would be fine.


 Fairy Li Shan would be able to avoid the backlash of the agreement while fixing Miniscule Mountain. As to why they had to ask Fang Yuan, that was because Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan knew that between Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Fang Yuan was the leader.


 Fang Yuan smiled, he agreed: “This is a great idea, I am willing to help. As for the payment, we can discuss it in detail.”


 Fairy Li Shan saw Fang Yuan’s smile and her heart sank, she thought: “Here it comes.”


 She knew how ruthless Fang Yuan was, she was definitely going to suffer a huge loss here, she smiled bitterly as she nodded.


 Hei Lou Lan who was beside her seemed prepared, she spoke now: “Fang Yuan, if I am not wrong, your Hu Immortal blessed land is about to undergo its earthly calamity, right? How about this, I will stay here to defend Hu Immortal blessed land and resist the calamity. It can be the payment for asking Tai Bai Yun Sheng to heal Miniscule Mountain, how about that?”



***
Chapter 815 - Time Assist Luck, Delay, Zhou Ye Zi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan was a shrewd person, he immediately shook his head: “The value of these two services is not equivalent at all. For you two, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Landscape as Before is a necessity. In my case, I can fully undergo the earthly calamity alone. Furthermore, Old Ancestor Xue Hu is currently staying in Snowy Mountain blessed land now, and you, Hei Lou Lan, are not a member of Snowy Mountain blessed land, you are an outsider, you cannot stay there anymore. Using the excuse of the earthly calamity, you can hide inside my Hu Immortal blessed land, I have not even asked you for rent yet, but you actually want to use this as the payment for Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s help!”


 Fang Yuan exposed Hei Lou Lan’s awkward position, Hei Lou Lan was unabashed, she laughed, continuing to argue with Fang Yuan.


 The two sparred verbally, until a while later, they came to an agreement: Hei Lou Lan would stay in Fang Yuan’s place for the time being, contributing strength qi without any compensation. The guts Gu produced during this period would not have Hei Lou Lan’s share. At the same time, when Hu Immortal blessed land faces the earthly calamity, Hei Lou Lan would need to help and defend it alongside Fang Yuan.


 After this transaction was completed, Fairy Li Shan was not anxious to leave, she talked to Fang Yuan regarding immortal materials.


 Fang Yuan obtained countless immortal materials in the auction, Fairy Li Shan wanted to buy them to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s mission of obtaining immortal materials.


 After Fairy Li Shan obtained Miniscule Mountain, Old Ancestor Xue Hu only borrowed it to have a look, he did not take it from her.


 After Old Ancestor Xue Hu defeated the two rank eights, Snowy Mountain blessed land’s status rose rapidly, its reputation had soared to an unprecedented peak.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu summoned Fairy Li Shan, using the reason that he had acted to protect Miniscule Mountain from Yao Huang, he requested for her to increase her contributions, he gave her many missions to collect immortal materials.


 Fairy Li Shan’s current state was very awkward, she had just obtained Miniscule Mountain, even though she asked Tai Bai Yun Sheng for help to heal Miniscule Mountain and saved a huge cost, she was still very heavily injured.


 Originally, she had a lot of savings due to mountain pledge Gu, she was quite affluent. But by funding Hei Lou Lan intensively, her savings were slowly depleted, and at this point, she was running dry.


 The cultivation of one person expended countless resources, it was not easy. Many Gu Immortals did not have a steady source of revenue, their income did not match their expenses, they could only offer their services and travel everywhere.


 Even if they had a source of revenue, there were often earnings and losses in trading. Things like mountain pledge Gu and the guts Gu trade were very rare and unique, how could theirs be so widely demanded?


 Most importantly, there were heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, each time they occurred, a lot of resources and hard work would be destroyed. Even if the Gu Immortals survive the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity, when they see their immortal aperture in bad shape, they would feel a strong sense of dejection.


 Fairy Li Shan was very bold, other than supporting herself, she even helped Hei Lou Lan. Hei Lou Lan did not have a source of revenue, the two of them had huge needs for cultivation, she was providing for them both. But no matter how great her resolve was, her finances were starting to dwindle.


 Other than material objects like immortal essence stones and immortal materials, Fairy Li Shan still had a lot of other things.


 Many precious pieces of information were very valuable.


 Fairy Li Shan had a huge network, she was a top tier information collector.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal materials were meant to be used in the Refinement Path Convention, but he had a huge quantity of them, it was fine to sell some to her.


 Fang Yuan nodded, but he requested for an immortal killer move from Fairy Li Shan. He had been wanting this immortal killer move for ages, right now was the chance to extort it, Fang Yuan had to make good use of the chance.


 Fairy Li Shan heard Fang Yuan’s request and knew it was coming, she felt extremely bitter.


 But circumstances were stronger than people, even if Fairy Li Shan did not want to, what could she do?


 Time assist luck.


 This was the name of the immortal killer move that Fang Yuan requested from Fairy Li Shan.


 This immortal killer move used time luck Immortal Gu as the core, to steal other people’s lifespan and boost the luck of oneself temporarily.


 Fang Yuan had obtained time luck Immortal Gu from Fairy Li Shan earlier. He had wanted to use inch of time Gu in place of lifespan to activate time luck Immortal Gu, but the result was failure.


 Inch of time and time luck Immortal Gu, although they could be used together, the former was expended too intensively. Later, Fang Yuan wanted to deduce an immortal killer move to reduce the expenditure of inch of time Gu.


 But he still failed.


 Although he could use the light of wisdom and gain unlimited inspiration, he had too few thoughts in his mind, it was not enough. Memory thought Gu and malicious thought Gu were still being refined, but the expenditure was greater than the production, he had little in storage.


 Even if he had enough thoughts, Fang Yuan’s time path attainment level was too low, there was little hope of getting any success.


 But Fang Yuan knew that Fairy Li Shan had such an immortal killer move from the start, it used time luck Immortal Gu as the core. If he could use it well, it was a source of revenue not inferior to mountain pledge Gu.


 Thus, Fang Yuan used this extremely rare opportunity to ask for this immortal killer move.


 After obtaining it, he checked it and felt some curiosity, he asked Fairy Li Shan: “Where did you get this killer move from?”


 “I am unable to answer that.” Fairy Li Shan’s expression was cold, her mood was terrible. Fang Yuan was taking advantage of the situation, but she had to ask him for help, she could only give in.


 ‘The concept of this killer move is very familiar, is it from a lone cultivator of Northern Plains, Zhou Ye Zi? This person was very famous during the five regions chaotic war. He was originally a secluded cultivator that did not bother with worldly affairs, but when Northern Plains and Central Continent Gu Immortals fought a huge battle, the battle went to the area he was staying in, causing him to rage and instantly capture three Gu Immortals on the spot. Northern Plains asked him to fight, he refused, but because they were on the same side, he used a time path killer move on the Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals, to protect their lives.’


 This killer move had a weird name, it was very short, only one word. Not long after, it spread across the five regions, and Fang Yuan had heard of its famed name in his previous life, it was called — Delay.


 The effect of the killer move was to delay damage, leaving some time for the Gu Immortals to find ways to heal themselves.


 For example, a Gu Immortal who had ‘delay’ used on him would not die from a fatal blow, the damage would be delayed for a time period before taking effect.


 Thus, the Gu Immortal would have a chance to seek help. During this period, the Gu Immortal can escape to get some time to recuperate and save himself. He can also fly to his ally and seek help. If it was a certain death situation, he could pass his cultivation resources to his descendants in the tribe, and place his blessed land in a secluded spot to not give his enemies any advantage.


 Even though Northern Plains Gu Immortals had great battle strength, their numbers were fewer than those of Central Continent. Central Continent made the first moves, they formed arrangements and killed a batch of Northern Plains Gu Immortals first, causing Northern Plains to be at a disadvantage, facing defeat time after time.


 But the appearance of ‘delay’ reduced Northern Plains’ casualties greatly, it affected the battle situation to a large extent. In the end, Northern Plains and Central Continent were in a deadlock, Central Continent’s plan of attacking and taking down Northern Plains rapidly was destroyed.


 “If it really is Zhou Ye Zi, then Fairy Li Shan’s ability to delay the damage of the alliance agreement would be the killer move delay. I really cannot ignore Fairy Li Shan’s connections, she could actually get this lone cultivator to help, I wonder what price she paid?” Fang Yuan felt that this guess was quite probable.


 Among Gu Immortals, there were many who hid their presence, they did not travel around, battle, or attend gatherings, they usually stayed in seclusion and cultivated.


 Many people would be unknown to the world after their deaths, even if they had astonishing achievements. For example, the owner of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, when he was alive, he concealed himself very deeply and did not have much of a reputation, only until Starry Sky grotto-heaven was exposed, did his high cultivation level get revealed.


 There were quite a number of such Gu Immortals. They were present among rank six, rank seven, and even rank eight. At least, Fang Yuan knew that there were more than five rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains, only that they were hiding themselves.


 Fang Yuan also thought about Purple Mountain True Monarch, this mysterious Gu Immortal did not show himself even once during the five regions chaotic war.


 He could not but be moved, thinking to himself: “Countless streams flow into rivers, there is simply no end to the number of heroes and champions in this world!”


 From start to finish, Fairy Li Shan did not expose any information regarding Zhou Ye Zi. This transaction, even though she paid a high price, was still successful, she had reached her goal.


 Fairy Li Shan brought the immortal materials back to Snowy Mountain blessed land. For the following period of time, she was going to recuperate from her injuries, and resolve the issue of the alliance agreement. She also had to find out about methods to raise minimen, to gain the most benefits in the shortest possible time.


 Meanwhile, Hei Lou Lan stayed behind.


 Fang Yuan brought her along as they flew, in a short while, they reached their destination.


 The two looked down from above, they saw that on the ground that was lush and green with vegetation, there were three humongous black-grey structures.


 These were the three stone nests in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The stone nests had countless rooms inside, each room had at least one hairy man, they were refining Gu constantly, in an orderly fashion. This was the idea of a production line that was borrowed from Earth, resulting in a huge Gu refinement base that was created.


 Splitting the refinement procedure of a Gu worm into dozens of steps, or even hundreds, and making each hairy man in charge of each step. Not only could the Gu recipe be kept as a secret, the familiarity of the hairy man will be higher, the success rate and quantity of the Gu refinement would be higher.


 In the stone nests, airsac Gu were being produced.


 Of course, there were explosions in the stone nests, they could be both mild or serious, fire could even break out, as the hairy men were engulfed in flames, crying in pain.


 But the screams and cries would not travel to other rooms and interfere with the refinement from the other hairy men.


 Each room had perfect soundproofing methods, not only were disturbances minimized, the hairy men were also prevented from communicating, this made them easier to control, they had no choice but to refine Gu.


 Gu refinement carried risks, in fact, it was of similar danger to fighting.


 Once explosions occurred due to accidents, the room would be filled with Gu worms that spat out water to eliminate the fire, or to heal the injuries.


 When Gu refinement failed, the hairy men which suffered backlashes would be lucky if they survived.


 The price for failure in some cases was death. In other cases, their brains might wither, they might go crazy, they might become handicapped, unable to refine Gu anymore.


 Fang Yuan would heal mild injuries. But if they were heavily injured and became vegetables, the price for treating them would be too great, Fang Yuan would abandon and euthanize them.



***
Chapter 816 - Hairy Men, White Silkworm, Two Tough Questions


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, mortal Gu contained a trace of law fragments of the Great Dao, while Immortal Gu were fragments of the Great Dao.


 Gu refinement involved the fusion and interaction of the laws of the Great Dao, it was even more mystical than chemistry, and even more dangerous than processing gunpowder.


 Fang Yuan was in the air, he observed for a while, more than ten hairy men had failed Gu refinement, they suffered injuries, a few of them died on the spot.


 He could not help but sigh inwardly: “As my production expands, the loss of hairy men is becoming a bigger issue.”


 Hairy man slaves were most expensive among slaves, they were even more expensive than human Gu Masters!


 This might be quite shocking, how could the price of humans be lower than mere hairy men?


 The answer was simple — humans were the spirit of living beings, the human mind was fickle, they were not easy to control. Variant humans were comparatively more simple minded, Fang Yuan could control so many hairy men, making them refine Gu all day along, only giving them time to eat and sleep, with none allocated to leisure.


 If these hairy men were human Gu Masters, this life would be impossible.


 If human Gu Masters engaged in such strenuous activities for an extended period without rest or entertainment, they would feel extremely angry and hateful, they would attempt to resist.


 The arrangement of the stone nest was very simple, it could not block the intelligence of humans. They would definitely cause destruction secretly, and communicate with each other. When the time was ripe, they would resist by protesting, or directly revolt using their own strength.


 Thus, Fang Yuan chose to buy hairy men slaves which were most expensive, rather than placing his attention on human Gu Masters.


 This was also one of the reasons why Fairy Li Shan desperately wanted Miniscule Mountain. It was not just because of the Gu refinement materials in Miniscule Mountain, but also because it was the base of a miniman tribe. Controlling this tribe would grant her great benefits. Otherwise, the old and sly Dong Fang Chang Fan would not have signed an agreement with the miniman tribe.


 “In the past, I could not feel the loss of hairy men, that was because the scale was still small. Now that I have three stone nests, and with the Gu refinement processes becoming tougher, the effect is becoming evident. If this goes on, a problem will arise if I do not create a solution.” Fang Yuan was trying to think of a way.


 At this moment, Hei Lou Lan also advised: “Fang Yuan, your loss of hairy men is a bit high. In a month, you lose at least a hundred hairy men. It is quite costly if we think about it, if you can reduce this number, our cost would lower, and the profit of guts Gu would be higher.”


 If she was not roped into the guts Gu trade, she would not have said it.


 But now that the guts Gu trade also involved Hei Lou Lan’s interests, she had to mention it when she saw a problem.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “There are two ways to solve this problem. One is to modify the Gu recipe and reduce the risk, by further splitting up and simplifying the steps, I can make every step safer, and have a higher chance of success. The second method is to raise my own hairy man tribe, I would not need to purchase them at a high price.”


 Hei Lou Lan shook her head: “The first method is too difficult, Gu recipes are usually the result of countless improvements, to diversify the steps on this basis and modify the recipe, it is too difficult! The effort and resources needed to undergo experiments will be a huge sum.”


 She did not think well of modifying the Gu recipe.


 What she did not know was, Fang Yuan had wisdom Gu, even though he could not activate it, the light of wisdom could give him unlimited inspiration. To Fang Yuan, the difficulty in modifying the recipe was about whether he had enough thoughts in his mind to expend.


 Fang Yuan would obviously not say this out loud, he spoke without changing his expression: “The second method is just as hard. I do not have any methods of raising hairy men. The ones sold in the market are usually male hairy men, very few females and children are sold, this is also to prevent other Gu Immortals from raising them.”


 Raising hairy men, a variant human, was much more difficult than raising wild beasts and plants.


 Countries were hard to manage, that was because the citizens had wisdom. Even though this was on a larger scale, the logic remained the same.


 The more wisdom they had, the harder they were to control. The hairy men would know how to rebel, they would find loopholes and create problems on a large scale.


 Fang Yuan knew clearly: With his current foundation, he would definitely lose everything he invested if he raised hairy men. His previous life’s memories could not help him here.


 He vaguely remembered, from his life back on Earth. He raised goldfish, he did not change the water or give them oxygen, he only knew how to feed them food, in three days, one died, and in half a month, all his goldfish died.


 Raising hairy men was obviously harder than goldfish, the nature of hairy men, their living habitats, all these needed to be considered, it was a huge field to study.


 Fang Yuan had raised rockmen before, in fact, the rockman tribe in Hu Immortal blessed land was still quite large.


 But that was because of guts Gu, it could raise the soul foundation of the rockmen and cause them to rapidly reproduce, providing future generations.


 This was clearly a cheat method, if Fang Yuan had to raise these rockmen normally...


 Hehe.


 In two to three years, no matter how many rockmen he started with, they would go extinct!


 Of course, he could buy knowledge in raising hairy men from other Gu Immortals. Back then, when Fang Yuan wanted to grow the star fragment grass, he bought some planting insights.


 But the difference in value between the two was immense. To buy the knowledge of raising hairy men, the price to pay would be extremely heavy.


 Like on Earth, acquisition of an enterprise in the top one hundred would involve a huge amount of funds. Even if Fang Yuan stored up all of his profits starting from now, with his speed of profit generation, he would need to accumulate them for many years to get enough.


 “Right now, I have about twenty to thirty immortal essence stones in my storage. Even though I obtained the dragonfish, regretful spiders, and eerie fire dragon pythons, and I even obtained the method to raise them from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, but I need to invest and build the structures. Even if I finish building them, I cannot sell these resources directly into treasure yellow heaven, I need to find other avenues. After all, I cannot stand in the limelight now.” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly inwardly.


 All in all, his future prospects were bright, but his current circumstances were in an awkward place.


 Fang Yuan shrugged off the random thoughts in his mind, he said to Hei Lou Lan: “Alright, I have already told Little Hu Immortal and made the arrangements, I won’t be sending you off. For the following period of time, you can stay in the stone nest. I have already given orders, right now the three stone nests are refining airsac Gu, do assist them. When the earthly calamity arrives, I will call you if I need your help.”


 Hei Lou Lan felt something amiss when she heard that. From Fang Yuan’s tone, he was treating her as a laborer.


 Fang Yuan saw her ugly expression and did not react, he pretended not to see it.


 If he did not squeeze out all of Hei Lou Lan’s value, would that be his style?


 After settling Hei Lou Lan’s matters, Fang Yuan returned to Dang Hun palace.


 Opening the hidden door, he entered the secret room. He saw Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul again.


 His soul was extremely weak, being sealed here, even though he saw Fang Yuan, he could not move.


 Fang Yuan intentionally weakened him, resulting in Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul being very weak. Fang Yuan did not dare to be careless, to an old fox like this, he was very vigilant.


 But to search his soul again, he needed to replenish it first.


 Thus, Fang Yuan broke some airsac Gu, using guts Gu on Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 His soul rapidly recovered, in the blink of an eye, it was half healed.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his monstrous claw, grabbing the soul and searching it. Dong Fang Chang Fan did not resist it at all, Fang Yuan had already searched his soul thoroughly, he had no secrets left in front of Fang Yuan.


 It was as if he resigned himself to fate, he had lost his heart.


 A legendary character, falling into such a state, it was quite pitiful.


 Fang Yuan was vigilant regardless, after searching the soul, he inspected all of the Gu worms he set up in this room to prevent any accidents from occurring. Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul did not even have a tiny bit of hope left.


 All these movements were observed by Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, he inwardly felt a freezing chill.


 Why did he end up in the hands of such a person? There was no way out, this was a dead end, he had no methods left.


 As he despaired, he felt a peculiar sense of admiration.


 In Fang Yuan, Dong Fang Chang Fan could almost see himself!


 Fang Yuan left the secret room, closing the hidden door, he inspected the door again and ensured that there were no issues before returning to the main hall.


 He sat on the bed, star thoughts were moving in his mind as he fell into deep thought.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan no longer had any secrets, he was squeezed dry. But Fang Yuan kept him around, it was a possible card for use in a future scheme to obtain Miniscule Mountain.


 Right now, Miniscule Mountain was owned by Fairy Li Shan, but because of the Snowy Mountain Alliance, Fang Yuan could not snatch it. But the alliance agreement was not impossible to circumvent, like Fairy Li Shan’s time path killer move that could delay the damage of breaking the agreement.


 In addition, the Snowy Mountain Alliance had a time limit.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan and Miniscule Mountain had an agreement. From Dong Fang Chang Fan, Fang Yuan learned that the agreement was made with mountain pledge Gu using Miniscule Mountain.


 The agreement was not just between Dong Fang Chang Fan and the miniman Gu Immortal, but was made with Dong Fang tribe and the miniman tribe.


 Fairy Li Shan was definitely going to raise the miniman tribe, and make use of them. With this, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul still had some use, it was an effective weapon.


 But this effective weapon could not be used at this point, and he might perhaps not get a chance to use it in the future. But Fang Yuan kept this as a secret, it was a casual move, he would rather keep it prepared it just in case.


 He was thinking about the white lotus giant silkworm Gu now.


 This time, he searched Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul for information about white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu needed the flesh of more than ten thousand white lotus giant silkworm Gu each time it was fed. What Fang Yuan obtained was less than this amount.


 He had inspected and confirmed once again that Dong Fang Chang Fan’s white lotus giant silkworm Gu were only an unexpected benefit. That place was a natural cave and was created in a mystical way by nature, it was an environment that was suitable for white lotus giant silkworm Gu to live.


 Furthermore, Dong Fang Chang Fan captured all of these Gu worms, he did not leave any behind. A large portion of them were used in the phantom formation, they played a critical role.


 The remaining portion that was not used was now in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had two choices.


 One was to use the limited white lotus giant silkworm Gu and undergo experimentation, reverse refining its recipe or even trying to obtain the method to raise white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 If this method worked, he would have an unceasing source of white lotus giant silkworm Gu. But if this fails, and all of the white lotus giant silkworm Gu were consumed in the experiments, cleanse soul Immortal Gu would die of hunger, there would definitely be not enough white lotus giant silkworm Gu left to feed it.


 The other method was to feed it now. To leave aside the experiments or the long term advantages. In this case, the white lotus giant silkworm Gu were still insufficient, but it would allow cleanse soul Immortal Gu to become less hungry, no longer under the threat of dying for now.


 Fang Yuan still had some hope that Dong Fang Chang Fan might have a place to obtain white lotus giant silkworm Gu, so that he could get a number of them.


 But this soul search ruined his wishful thoughts.


 After thinking about it for a while, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, making up his mind.



***
Chapter 817 - Great Tool for Deduction, Star Thoughts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Never mind! I should play it safe and use these for feeding. Cleanse soul Immortal Gu is already starving to its limits, it is very weak now, if I do not feed it and drag this on, it will die. As for the next feeding session, I can only place hope in the future.”


 Fang Yuan was of the demonic path, he liked to take risks, but he did not take them blindly.


 He always assessed the benefits and risks.


 Having a mentality of leaving things to chance and thinking one’s own luck is good, to put up stakes on chances that are low, the cruelty of reality would teach them a lesson until they suffer greatly and end up full of bruises.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 It was the size of a grown up’s fist, it was like a tadpole, its body was grey-white and dry, it was sprawled on the ground, not moving at all.


 Fang Yuan willed and used his Gu to dissect the white lotus giant silkworm Gu, retrieving the meat and placing it in front of cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu’s body shook, but it did not have any strength to crawl to the food!


 Fang Yuan could only place cleanse soul Immortal Gu on the meat.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu moved about before calming down, slowly sucking the blood in the meat quietly.


 After a while, the blood entered its stomach and it regained a bit of strength, it opened its mouth and started to eat the white lotus giant silkworm Gu’s tender flesh.


 The more it ate, the more its dry body inflated like a balloon, it became chubbier once again.


 Its grey-white body also showed a faint luster.


 When all of the white lotus giant silkworm Gu were killed, and the meat given to cleanse soul Immortal Gu were all eaten, cleanse soul Immortal Gu was no longer as weak as before, it could fly in the sky.


 It was like a grey-white tadpole, its round head was like a small balloon, its tail was wriggling around behind it as it swam slowly like an old man without much strength.


 It opened its mouth occasionally, its mouth was half the size of its head, right now, it could open it and make some soft noises.


 Fang Yuan knew that it was trying to express that it still wanted more food. But all of the white lotus giant silkworm Gu were used up, not a single one was left.


 Even though cleanse soul Immortal Gu was not satisfied, Fang Yuan sighed in relief.


 For now, cleanse soul Immortal Gu had escaped the awkward fate of dying from hunger, after all, Fang Yuan had been ready to give up on it.


 Now that it was still alive, this was a good ending.


 Most importantly, he managed to get precious time for it. One could not be certain about the future, anything is possible.


 Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was not full, thus Fang Yuan kept it while trying not to use it.


 After temporarily solving cleanse soul Immortal Gu’s feeding problem, Fang Yuan could relax, but he did not take a break, instead, he made use of his time and rushed into an underground cave again.


 In the underground cave, there was a zhi forest.


 The tallest lingzhi king was six meters tall, reaching the ceiling of the cave. The flesh of the lingzhi was like a huge umbrella, spreading out in a circular manner.


 When Fang Yuan reached here, he saw that the rank nine wisdom Gu was flying around this lingzhi king, it was like a child playing around, flapping its wings and bobbing up and down. At times, it bumped into the lingzhi king and was bounced back by the rubbery flesh.


 Fang Yuan’s was inwardly moved, he had many Immortal Gu, but compared to them, the rank nine wisdom Gu had much more intelligence, it was quite extraordinary.


 Thinking about >, wisdom Gu, strength Gu, and the others could speak to Ren Zu!


 Of course, this might have been exaggeration from the story.


 But Fang Yuan knew that wisdom Gu could be communicated with. Precisely because of this, Fang Yuan could bring wisdom Gu away during the final moments before Imperial Court blessed land’s destruction, and be able to use its light of wisdom now.


 After seeing Fang Yuan, wisdom Gu stopped flying, it stopped on the thick stem of the lingzhi king.


 After Fang Yuan sat down on a shorter lingzhi like it was a chair, wisdom Gu started to give off the halo of the light of wisdom, covering Fang Yuan in it.


 Fang Yuan activated star thought Gu.


 Star thought Gu was a one time consumable Gu, with the expenditure of each star thought Gu, the thoughts in Fang Yuan’s mind moved rapidly and generated endlessly.


 At once, in his mind, starlight specks were created, a moment later, it was like the night sky, countless stars were shining brightly, it was a beautiful sight.


 Fang Yuan tried to make deductions.


 Instantly, star thoughts in his mind burst into action, it was like water poured into a hot pan.


 Star specks moved like meteors, starlight spun around, they collided into one another or repelled each other.


 His inspiration was unlimited, there were many aspects of deduction, he obtained many answers from the complex procedure, it was completed in a moment!


 Fang Yuan stopped at once, he opened his eyes, showing immense joy in his expression.


 Earlier, he was just giving it a try, this wisdom path inheritance really did not disappoint him, it was even better than his expectations.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance is truly suited for deductions. Star thoughts are so durable, my initial estimation is that one star thought can substitute for three to four malicious thoughts and memory thoughts.” Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.


 In wisdom path there were three aspects, thoughts, wills and emotions.


 But thoughts varied greatly, there were all sorts of thoughts, it could be said that there were countless kinds of them!


 Thoughts were all different, they had their own advantages and weaknesses.


 For example, malicious thoughts were good for plotting against others, memory thoughts were good for digging up information in memories. But these two were just average when used for deductions. Star thoughts were not good at plotting or digging up memories, but they were extremely useful for deductions!


 One star thought was equivalent to three to four other thoughts, this might seem rather insignificant. But looking at it, how many thoughts were expended to deduce one immortal killer move or Immortal Gu recipe?


 When this amount becomes huge, the difference would be great. When hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands or even millions of thoughts are consumed, the advantage of using star thoughts to do deductions would be immense!


 One could say that this star thought wisdom path inheritance was most suited for Fang Yuan.


 All along, he had been restricted by the number of thoughts he had!


 The light of wisdom had intense expenditure, it could use up any number of thoughts quickly.


 Fang Yuan had many things to deduce in accordance with his plans.


 The first was the immortal killer move vaguely familiar face, previously, he did not succeed, he only finished a portion of it.


 The second was to complete the Immortal Gu recipe of Blood Deity. He did not succeed either with that, he only gave it a small attempt.


 The third was to deduce an immortal killer move to allow time luck Immortal Gu and inch of time to work together, to reduce the consumption of inch of time while amplifying one’s own luck temporarily. Fang Yuan had tried this earlier, but he failed because his time path attainment level was too low. Now, he did not have to deduce it anymore, because Fang Yuan had obtained an even better immortal killer move from Fairy Li Shan, time assist luck.


 Fourth was to fuse Pulling Mountain and Pulling Water, these two strength path Immortal Gu, into the immortal killer move myriad self, and make myriad self even stronger.


 The fifth was to modify airsac Gu and the other Gu refinement recipes, to subdivide the steps even further, to lower the risk of Gu refinement and reduce the death rate of the hairy men.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, calming his mind.


 Vaguely familiar face was the one that he needed to place most importance in deducing, because the situation in the outside world was getting more tense, if Fang Yuan wanted to move around, he needed an immortal level disguise to prevent his identity from being exposed.


 Airsac Gu and the other Gu recipes were not an urgent matter. Moreover, this plan involved too many details, in the future when Fang Yuan expanded his Gu refinement scale, he would not be refining just airsac Gu, memory thought Gu, malicious thought Gu and star thought Gu.


 As for Blood Deity, it was only a long term plan, it was not even necessary to him. After all, Fang Yuan was cultivating strength path now, and was planning to cultivate time path or wisdom path, he did not want to develop blood path.


 If it was in the past, Fang Yuan would naturally deduce the immortal killer move vaguely familiar face first, but now that Hu Immortal blessed land was facing its earthly calamity soon, Fang Yuan’s first priority was to fuse pulling mountain Immortal Gu into myriad self killer move.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes and settled his mind, he deduced with all his concentration.


 Starlight reacted in his mind, as countless star thoughts rumbled.


 Time passed, an hour, four hours, half a day, one day, two days later...


 On the afternoon of the third day, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, even with his immortal zombie physique, exhaustion was written all over his face, he was very tired.


 “I finally fused pulling mountain Immortal Gu into my killer move, myriad self. Myriad self’s power has risen by ten percent. If I am dealing with earth path Gu Immortals, or any mountains or rocks, the effect would be even greater, at least twenty percent higher!”


 Fang Yuan inspected his star thought Gu.


 There were about forty thousand star thought Gu left in his immortal aperture.


 He originally had fifty thousand star thought Gu, in other words, this deduction used up ten thousand star thought Gu.


 Star thought Gu were really durable!


 “Of course, this durability is only for deductions. If I used star thought Gu to plot against others or think about harmful schemes, malicious thought Gu would be better. In terms of recollection, star thought Gu is inferior to memory thought Gu.”


 Be it star thought Gu, memory thought Gu, or malicious thought Gu, he still had to refine them and keep a huge stock.


 This was a huge project, it was a long term goal.


 Looking at the time, it was still not the point of Hu Immortal blessed land’s calamity. But if he used the remaining time to deduce the immortal killer move vaguely familiar face, it was insufficient, he could not get anything done.


 Fang Yuan thus returned to Dang Hun palace, continuing to research on the wisdom path inheritance.


 This immortal level wisdom path inheritance had a lot of information, there were hundreds of mortal Gu recipes, more than ten Immortal Gu recipes, dozens of mortal killer moves, and close to ten immortal killer moves, they comprised offense, defense, movement, storage, healing, and others.


 Other than that, there were many wisdom path techniques and methods. For example, secret arts that could expand the size of the mind, or the modification of the heart into a space for additional thinking, unique methods like that.


 There was even knowledge about astronomy and geography, the map of the five regions’ resources, the analysis of Northern Plains’ forces, an introduction to all sorts of dangers one can face when cultivating, and how to resolve them. Most importantly, there were details on how a Gu Master can undergo immortal ascension, an introduction to all sorts of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities and how to deal with them.


 Of course, there were details about other paths, like fire path, metal path, space path and time path, the strengths and weaknesses of these paths, what needs do they have and how to deal with them in combat.


 There were even some insights on how to handle management, especially in a Gu Immortal’s blessed land, to allow one to survive and progress further.


 One could say that this was a Gu Master’s encyclopedia to become a Gu Immortal, it allowed one to be realistic and decipher what was easy and hard, to gain methods of dealing with enemies and grow stronger.


 This inheritance was not just the credit of the creator — the Heavenly Court star path Gu Immortal. Each of the Gu Immortals who cultivated after receiving this inheritance had added in more details and modified the information. After generations and generations of effort and hard work, this cultivation encyclopedia was created.


 Fang Yuan could see much of the ancient history of Central Continent and Northern Plains in it. And at the end of the information on immortal killer moves, Fang Yuan saw that the last, newest addition was the previous owner’s, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s, immortal killer move — Myriad Star Fireflies.



***
Chapter 818 - Vanishing Immortal Essence Dissipation, Profound Ice House


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This inheritance’s value could not be expressed in words, it was even more huge than the blood path inheritance that Fang Yuan obtained in his previous life.


 Even Fang Yuan was sighing: “If I had obtained this inheritance earlier, be it this life or my previous life, I would have become a Gu Immortal long ago!”


 Fang Yuan had spent so many years staggering along his cultivation journey, crossing rivers carefully by stepping on every rock, finally reaching his achievements today. In contrast, when Dong Fang Chang Fan was still a mortal, he received this inheritance, his luck was truly something to be envious about!


 Eastern Sea, Yu Lu blessed land.


 It was drizzling with a thin fog in the air.


 The Gu Immortals from Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance were trapped inside, they were looking for an exit vigilantly.


 “Damn it, don’t let the rain touch you, it has the ability to consume your immortal essence!” The expression of the leading immortal zombie, Shark Demon, changed as he shouted at the immortals behind him.


 Shark Demon had rich experience, he reacted rapidly, the moment he saw the ability of this seemingly harmless drizzle, he knew this was an attack.


 Hearing his warning, the immortals used all sorts of methods and put up their defenses, blocking the drizzle.


 But it was no use.


 “This drizzle penetrates everything! Is this the immortal killer move that Fairy Yu Lu was famous for — Vanishing Immortal Essence Dissipation Rain?” An immortal zombie thought of a crucial piece of information, as his expression turned very ugly.


 “Even the great vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain cannot have such incredible ability, our defenses have literally no effect!” Another immortal zombie shouted, showing an extremely shocked expression.


 “I got it! In the previous round, we were hit by the immortal killer move, raindrop equity. Thus, in this round, our defenses have no use against the vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain, we can only let it touch us.” Immortal zombie Su Bai Man’s eyes shined with brilliance as she said.


 The immortals communicated rapidly, the moment they got the answer, their hearts sank.


 This was not the first time they were attacking Yu Lu blessed land, there were many rounds in Yu Lu blessed land, each round was interconnected with others and was very difficult to deal with.


 Immortal zombies consisted of most of this group of Gu Immortals. There were a total of seven people, five were immortal zombies.


 Immortal zombies have dead immortal apertures, they cannot manage their blessed lands that are filled with death energy, they could not produce immortal essence naturally. Thus, if immortal zombies wanted to have immortal essence, they would need to convert it using immortal essence stones.


 Immortal essence of immortal zombies was much more precious compared to ordinary Gu Immortals, they were not easy to obtain.


 Now that the immortals were in this round, before they had even fought, the vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain was already vaporizing their immortal essence, it was hitting at their weakness.


 Seeing the immortal essence that they had painstakingly saved up vanish bead by bead, the immortal zombies felt a strong sense of loss.


 They discussed among themselves and quickly came to an agreement — they had to get through this round quickly and find a way out, otherwise they would be in danger!


 The immortals used all sorts of methods, but an hour later, they made no progress.


 “Oh no, this battlefield killer move is so hard to resolve, more than thirty beads of my immortal essence have melted!”


 “Fairy Yu Lu was the second disciple of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, she was a rank eight great expert! Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was most skilled in battlefield killer moves, Fairy Yu Lu was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s disciple, she had learned the core of this ability, not only did she know many battlefield killer moves, she even innovated and created her own versions. This battlefield killer move was her personal creation, it was not recorded in history.”


 “This battlefield killer move has no attacking power, but it has a huge range, when used with vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain, it is being used to drain us to nothing! What shall we do?”


 Almost all of their methods were used up, the Gu Immortals were starting to panic.


 Shark Demon, the leader, had a grim expression, he looked at the wisdom path Gu Immortal in the group as he shouted: “Bo Dan, what are you doing? It’s been so long, haven’t you deduced the flaw in this battlefield killer move?!”


 Bo Dan had his forehead covered in sweat from the scolding, he replied in anxiety and worry: “I’m unable to! This battlefield killer move is simply too profound, it surpasses the previous battlefield killer move by a huge margin. The wisdom path inheritance I have is incomplete, I cannot think of a way to break through this.”


 This Bo Dan was a living person and a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but he was scolded by the immortal zombie Shark Demon fiercely, he cowered like a helpless puppy.


 Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance was the headquarters of Zombie Alliance, it was different from the other four regions, it had a huge force and surpassed ordinary super forces by a margin. The Zombie Alliance headquarters not only had many immortal zombie experts, it also had living Gu Immortals. These living Gu Immortals had lower statuses than immortal zombies in most cases.


 Shark Demon’s anger resided slightly after he shouted, he said with some regret: “Bo Dan is powerless! Our only choice is to use Profound Ice House and forcefully attack, to see if a path can be created!”


 The other Gu Immortals were overjoyed, their eyes shined: “To think that Lord Shark Demon borrowed Profound Ice House for this trip.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes were also shining.


 In Eastern Sea, Zombie Alliance was very powerful, it was a ruler of the region, it was a senior among the super forces. For instance, it had three Immortal Gu Houses!


 Of course, only one was complete, the other two were extremely incomplete.


 But even an incomplete Immortal Gu House could be forcibly activated, it had great power.


 Shark Demon was a rank seven expert, ever since he took the mission from Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s main base to attack Yu Lu blessed land, he had entered the blessed land multiple times and passed many rounds.


 The more rounds they passed, the more emphasis he placed on Yu Lu blessed land.


 This time, when exploring the blessed land, he had borrowed Profound Ice House from Zombie Alliance after paying a huge price, due to the urging of his wife, Su Bai Man.


 Shark Demon took out Profound Ice House, this house was not big, it was like a ball that resembled a block of ice. Once it was taken out, the air turned cold, many Gu Immortals felt a chill.


 Shark Demon did not speak, he opened the door of the house, entering it. Next, his beloved wife Su Bai Man went in, followed by the other five.


 Inside the house, there was a huge ball shaped space with no furniture. The immortals were floating inside, and they were surrounded by a cold white light.


 Within the white light, there were traces of golden light, in several breaths’ time, the golden light stabilized, they were like golden threads weaving together into a formation chart.


 Shark Demon ordered the immortals to stand on the formation core, he said: “Everyone, expend your immortal essence and activate this Immortal Gu House. This Immortal Gu House will record how much immortal essence you put in.”


 Everyone knew that activating this Immortal Gu House would expend immortal essence extensively. This activation was probably going to be higher than the amount they had lost in the vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain.


 If not for this weakness, Shark Demon would have used the Immortal Gu House long ago.


 This time, they charged into Yu Lu blessed land without killing any strong enemies or encountering any battles, but they had made such a loss, they consumed a lot of immortal essence, everyone was feeling gloomy.


 But hearing this, they restrained their gloomy thoughts and put in all their effort.


 Several minutes later, on the calm surface of Eastern Sea, a huge icy meteor flew out.


 The meteor charged out at a high speed, penetrating the water surface and reaching tens of meters into the sky in the blink of an eye.


 The ‘meteor’ stopped suddenly in the air, it went from high speed to stillness, showing its true form, it was the rank six Immortal Gu House — incomplete Profound Ice House.


 “Come out.” In the house, Shark Demon said with a look of dejection.


 Immediately, the doors opened and the immortals flew out, floating in the air.


 In the air, the immortals looked down.


 The sea had turbulent waves, it was no longer calm like before, this was caused by Profound Ice House emerging to the surface.


 But the immortals’ mind were all on Yu Lu blessed land, which had been placed deep underwater.


 The immortals had attacked Yu Lu blessed land more than once, there were victories and losses. Now was not their first loss, but it was the most dispiriting one.


 Attacking Yu Lu blessed land was not about attacking it forcefully, it was about balancing the gains and losses.


 This Yu Lu blessed land was firmly controlled by Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, there were no other forces trying to compete for it, thus, they could explore it at their own pace and progress slowly.


 Facing such a mystical battlefield killer move, even if they used Profound Ice House, they could only leave the blessed land, they could not break through it.


 In that case, what should they do to pass this round?


 Shark Demon was the last to walk out, he retrieved Profound Ice House and thought to himself with a hint of dejection: “I made a huge loss this time, not only did I gain nothing from attacking Yu Lu blessed land, I even used Profound Ice House, when we get back to Zombie Alliance, I will have to pay a huge amount of contribution points!”


 “Thankfully, we had Profound Ice House, otherwise we would still be trapped inside.” Gu Immortal Bo Dan said with some lingering fear.


 Shark Demon gave him a harsh glance, he quickly shut up.


 The other Gu Immortals nodded slightly, they felt glad that Shark Demon brought Profound Ice House along with him on this trip.


 “This vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain is too powerful. Even the Immortal Gu House could not defend against it, we were still hit by it.” At another side, Tai Bai Yun Sheng suddenly spoke.


 Seeing Tai Bai Yun Sheng speak, Shark Demon’s expression became milder as he said: “That is because this Profound Ice House’s greatest purpose is to help ice path Gu Immortals cultivate. Don’t be deceived by its ordinary looking appearance, inside it is extremely damaged, it was fixed to the extent of barely being usable. If this was a complete Immortal Gu House, we could use it to defend even if we were inside.”


 “So that is it.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, not saying anything else.


 “Alright, this trip of exploring Yu Lu blessed land has ended, we can split up here.” Shark Demon waved his hand, declaring this.


 The immortals left one by one rapidly.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in no hurry to leave.


 “Sir Tai Bai, are there any issues?” Su Bai Man asked.


 This immortal zombie couple were extremely courteous to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, the reason was the man as before Immortal Gu in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s possession.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng smiled: “Both of you know I am a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, I’ve been in Eastern Sea for some time already.”


 Su Bai Man and Shark Demon gave each other a glance before nodding together.


 They knew this.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not conceal his aura as he did not have a method like Old Lord Can Yang. Thus, his Northern Plains Gu Immortal identity was exposed long ago.


 But this was not strange.


 Because Eastern Sea had the earth tide.


 Once in a while, from the bottom of the sea, there would be a boundless force from the earth, it was grand and imposing, the might of nature, it was a fearsome power that far exceeded the limits of rank eight Gu Immortals.


 The force from the earth would move up, stirring the seawater, causing the earth tide.


 The power of the earth tide was great, it could easily whip up giant tsunamis.


 The earth tide would collide on the regional walls, causing them to weaken.



***
Chapter 819 - Returning To The Blessed Land, Putting Up A Show


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 It was already an extremely difficult thing for Gu Immortals to pass a regional wall.


 However, at this time every year, because of the earth tide, Eastern Sea’s regional wall would become weaker and thinner, and Gu Immortals of Central Continent, Northern Plains and Southern Border could take this chance to enter Eastern Sea.


 Naturally, there were also a few Eastern Sea Gu Immortals that took this chance to enter Central Continent, Northern Plains or Southern Border.


 Thus, it was not a strange thing for Gu Immortals of these three regions to come to Eastern Sea.


 However, it was rare for Western Desert Gu Immortals to be in Eastern Sea. Western Desert and Eastern Sea were separated by the other regions in the middle. It would definitely be eye-catching if a Western Desert Gu Immortal appeared in Eastern Sea.


 There were five regions – Central Continent, Northern Plains, Southern Border, Western Desert and Eastern Sea. Among them, Central Continent had the highest all-around strength, with countless Gu Master sects. Southern Border was covered with hundreds of thousands of mountains. Northern Plains’ terrain was flat and boundless, the tribes moved around the most and they were the most battle-hardened.


 And Eastern Sea was the most abundant in resources. In the vast sea areas and deep seas, countless water creatures, sea beasts, minerals and precious stones were hidden.


 The Gu Immortals of Central Continent, Northern Plains and Southern Border came to Eastern Sea mostly for these resources, and this situation was common. Especially Northern Plains, where battles occurred the most and resources were few, their Gu Immortals came to Eastern Sea to seek opportunities to grow, and there were also many who came to stay away from trouble.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: “With your support, I have been able to make good progress in Eastern Sea, and now my immortal aperture is showing signs of instability. The earth tide is arriving, I want to take this chance to return to Northern Plains and place my blessed land down, to stabilize my immortal aperture for the earthly calamity.”


 “So it is like that.” Shark Demon nodded.


 “We should have thought of that. Sir Tai Bai should pay attention to safety when you leave. Maybe you can let us drop you there?” Su Bai Man suggested while smiling.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng waved his hand: “No need, no need.”


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man did not insist when they saw Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s refusal.


 The regional wall would become weaker because of the earth tide, but endless tidal forces would be present at the weak area, they were like countless reefs and vortexes, and it could get very dangerous. To pass through these, one must have an accurate map of the route.


 This kind of map was extremely precious, it was better if the map was deduced by a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but if one did not have wisdom path methods, they could only rely on themselves to map the route through trial and error.


 If Tai Bai Yun Sheng let the two escort him, then wouldn’t his route be revealed?


 Thus, Shark Demon and his wife did not insist.


 “After dealing with my matters in Northern Plains, I will return in the next earth tide. Maybe I can even persuade a few friends to come with me.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng spoke this, as a way of preparing for Fang Yuan’s appearance.


 “Good! Brother Tai Bai’s friends are our friends, we will definitely welcome them properly!” Shark Demon laughed and said with great enthusiasm.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng bade his farewell.


 When Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s receding figure had shrunk to the size of an ant, Su Bai Man frowned as she sent a transmission to Shark Demon: “Although the regional wall will be weakened, the earth tide is terrifying, if one is just the slightest bit careless and struck by the formless tidal forces, fractured bones would be the least of their problems, it is very possible for them to die a violent death on the spot. Did you see how relaxed Tai Bai Yun Sheng appeared, he definitely has complete confidence in his route, are we really not going to follow him? If we had this route, we could also enter Northern Plains, and even if we don’t have any use for it, we can turn it over to Zombie Alliance for large amounts of contribution points and reduce the losses of this attempt.”


 Shark Demon firmly refused: “No need. The routes are not fixed in place, after some earth tides, the formless tidal forces would change greatly, and the old routes will lose their value. Our main goal is to cooperate with him to use Man as Before for our revival. This is a long term plan and we cannot harm the good relation between us and him for small profits in the short term.”


 “Alright, I will listen to you.” Su Bai Man dispelled her thoughts, looking at her husband with a warm gaze, her zombie face, however, was somewhat terrifying.


 Shark Demon did not care in the slightest as he affectionately took Su Bai Man in his arms, letting her lean on his chest while he consoled her gently: “I know what you are worried about. We hold the task of attacking Yu Lu blessed land, and by using Profound Ice House, our losses have become large. But it doesn’t matter, who doesn’t suffer setbacks and failures as they live in this world? We still have the foundation to sustain the losses. Now we have the hope of revival, don’t be afraid, no matter what the future is like, how many difficulties we face, I will always guard you by your side.”


 “Dear...”


 The vast Eastern Sea and the clear sky merged into one at the horizon, and seagulls could be seen occasionally flying in the sky.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng flew through the sky without stopping.


 White fog lingered around his body, increasing his speed without producing any noise. Naturally, this was only a mortal killer move, and it could not compare to Fang Yuan’s three pairs of true solid bat wings. And once Fang Yuan’s iron crown eagle strength activated, the disparity between them would become even greater.


 However, this killer move had its own advantages, as the clouds covered one’s body, mortals would not be able to see him.


 This was not yet the time of five regions chaotic war, there was a chasm between Gu Immortals and mortals. Most mortal Gu Masters had only heard of immortals and had no personal experiences with them. Many even only thought of immortals in a similar way to wispy legends.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was, after all, a Northern Plains Gu Immortal and was an outsider in Eastern Sea, thus he tried to keep a low profile.


 At the beginning, as per Fang Yuan’s instructions, he received tasks of restoring sea areas in Hai Shi blessed land, and after making a name, he was able to get connected to Shark Demon and others. All the attempts at attacking Yu Lu blessed land essentially included him as well. Shark Demon and his wife treated him very well, which was naturally because of his Man as Before. Shark Demon possessed time anchor Immortal Gu, which, when used with Man as Before, produced a hope of revival.


 However, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had no thoughts of seizing man as before Immortal Gu.


 Unless one had methods like those of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was almost impossible to forcibly take Immortal Gu.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was so weak and Fang Yuan held such huge dominance, but at the end, Dong Fang Chang Fan self-detonated with just a thought, not giving Fang Yuan even one Immortal Gu as the spoils for battle. The difficulty of seizing Immortal Gu was evident.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng flew for a long while before he finally saw a ‘grey streak’ on the surface of the sea.


 As he approached closer, the ‘grey streak’ in his sight gradually enlarged. It was a small island.


 This island did not have a spirit spring and it was scarce in vegetation; it was basically a bare, greyish-brown rock, even sea birds rarely visited it. In a region with bountiful resources like Eastern Sea, it was a barren place.


 However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a Gu Immortal, he did not care about this, only treating it as a temporary residence.


 An isolated island with a barren landscape would naturally not be coveted by anyone, reducing potential attention and trouble.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly landed on the island.


 He first inspected the Gu formation he had set to see if there had been any changes.


 These Gu formations were all coarsely arranged by him. One use was for simple monitoring, and another use was that if some other Gu Immortals came here, the Gu formation would indicate that this island was not ownerless.


 After inspecting it, Tai Bai Yun Sheng found close to ten additional Gu worms.


 These were all information path Gu worms, carrying messages.


 Originally, although Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been low-key in his conduct, but as a time path healing Gu Immortal with extremely useful Immortal Gu on him, he earned quite a bit of attention and could not be hidden for long.


 These information path Gu came from all sorts of parties, some were from super forces, some from the demonic path, some from immortal zombies and some from righteous path lone cultivators. Most of them were requests for Tai Bai Yun Sheng to remedy certain things.


 A smaller portion did not request Tai Bai Yun Sheng to immediately help, but wanted to establish friendly relations. If by chance, a mishap happened in the future, would this relationship not be of use?


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a benign nature, and also possessed two time path Immortal Gu, thus he was greatly welcomed in Eastern Sea.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng collected these information path Gu worms and entered a cavern.


 He had only made this cavern for temporary use and had not spent any efforts on it, thus it looked very crude and simple.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng first replied to these information path Gu worms, excusing himself from the invitations one by one, before sinking into deep thought.


 “I can open a stargate to conveniently return to Hu Immortal blessed land. But if I directly open a stargate now, it can ruin the situation.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could now be considered to have some fame, his actions would be secretly observed by many people.


 Thus, his return to Hu Immortal blessed land this time was more troublesome than previous times. He would really have to put on a false show of approaching the regional wall, using a stargate after there was nobody paying attention.


 Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan had been studying the wisdom path inheritance for three days and three nights.


 He did not know how many thoughts were expended in his mind, in producing many insights.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan was brimming with talent, this wisdom path inheritance in itself primarily gave priority to deductions, and is not specialized for battles, but he conceived the immortal killer move myriad star fireflies, which is a unique concept that almost perfectly transforms the superiority in deduction of the inheritance into offensive power. In this entire inheritance, myriad star fireflies is truly worthy of being the strongest offensive killer move!”


 This was why Fang Yuan was sighing inwardly.


 His nature was different from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his was a nature filled with heavy aggressiveness.


 The first thing he paid attention to was the offensive methods of the inheritance.


 How did myriad star fireflies cause Fang Yuan to sigh inwardly?


 The foundation of this move was still star thought Gu. Every starlight firefly was encased in a star thought.


 The consumption of using this move was terrifying.


 Not only immortal essence, it also expended the wisdom path dao marks in the Gu Immortal’s body.


 Gu Immortals contained dao marks in their bodies, Fang Yuan had strength path dao marks, fire path Gu Immortals had fire path dao marks. Dong Fang Chang Fan’s body naturally had wisdom path dao marks, every time he used this move, it would consume at least sixteen wisdom path dao marks.


 Dao marks were very hard to obtain.


 To obtain dao marks, besides rare and unique methods, the most common and orthodox method was to pass heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities. Every tribulation and calamity passed could add dao marks to the Gu Immortal’s body.


 The amount of dao marks received was determined by the strength of the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity. The stronger the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity, the more dao marks would be obtained.



***
Chapter 820 - Insufficient Wealth To Refine Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Myriad star fireflies was a move that expended at least sixteen dao marks when used, there was no upper limit. The greater the range of myriad star fireflies, or the higher its power, the more dao marks would be consumed when using it.


 But that was precisely why this move was extremely strong.


 The dao marks enter space, forming a peculiar battlefield, it was hard to destroy. When Gu Immortals entered the range, their thoughts would turn into star thoughts, forming the attack for myriad star fireflies. As time passes, myriad star fireflies would grow stronger, this was converting the enemy’s strength into one’s own strength, and attacking them with it.


 To enemy Gu Immortals, this was an obscene feeling. It was like they were dropping a rock onto their own feet, or taking a dagger and stabbing themselves.


 After understanding the secret of myriad star fireflies’ usage, Fang Yuan understood something else.


 No wonder that in the past, Dong Fang Chang Fan usually used plots and schemes to deal with matters. Only until he had no choice would he take action by using myriad star fireflies.


 Because even though Dong Fang Chang Fan was the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal of the current generation in Northern Plains, he could not use myriad star fireflies frequently — its cost was too high.


 Once dao marks were expended, they could not be recovered. Dao marks were hard to obtain, most Gu Immortals could only get a large number of dao marks after going through a tribulation.


 “This myriad star fireflies is on par with my current killer move, myriad self. Of course, my killer move, myriad self, still has a lot of room for improvements, myriad star fireflies cannot compete with it in this regard. I do not have any wisdom path dao marks, unless I enter into wisdom path, I might never be able to use this killer move in my lifetime.”


 Of course, there was also another important point to consider.


 That was, this killer move, myriad star fireflies, needed a core of three wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not have a single one.


 When Dong Fang Chang Fan lost, he self-detonated all of his Immortal Gu, he did not leave any to Fang Yuan.


 Among these three wisdom path Immortal Gu, the one Fang Yuan wanted the most was star thought Immortal Gu.


 There were more than ten Immortal Gu recipes in this wisdom path inheritance, among them was the recipe for star thought Immortal Gu, there was even the refinement experiences of all the past inheritors, and all of their findings after failures!


 Once he had star thought Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would not need to waste so much effort in slowly accumulating the mortal star thought Gu.


 The inheritance said: One bead of green grape immortal essence could produce a hundred thousand star thoughts from the use of star thought Immortal Gu.


 Of course, if Fang Yuan used star thought Immortal Gu, the number he would obtain would be less than a hundred thousand.


 That was because each of the wisdom path Gu Immortal inheritors had wisdom path dao marks in them, that amplified the effect of star thought Immortal Gu. It was the same as how Fang Yuan could increase giant hand’s power by twenty percent with his strength path dao marks.


 Twenty percent was very low, ordinary Gu Immortal experts had dao marks that could increase the power of their Immortal Gu, and their immortal killer moves would grow in power accordingly. Twice, thrice, four or five times, ten times, or even a hundred times!


 One of the main reasons why the difference between rank seven and eight was so great was due to this.


 The higher the cultivation level, the more terrifying the tribulations, once they passed them, they would obtain a greater number of dao marks.


 Fortune and disaster appeared in turn, from another perspective, the stronger the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity, the more benefits one would obtain, it was a good thing.


 Once Fang Yuan had star thought Immortal Gu, in terms of deductions, he would have fewer obstacles. He would not need to plan their consumption so painstakingly, maintaining such minimal and cautious consumption of star thought Gu.


 In addition, with his current wealth, he could sustain the expenditure of it.


 But the problem was, though Fang Yuan could sustain the cost of using the Immortal Gu, he could not afford to refine the Immortal Gu itself.


 Even though he made some profits, he was still a long way from refining Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu were unique, they were fragments of the Great Dao, the immortal essence stones and immortal materials expended when refining Immortal Gu were extremely great.


 Most importantly, when refining Immortal Gu, one could not prepare just one set of materials, they had to prepare many portions because the success rate of refining Immortal Gu was too low!


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was a formidable person in his time, the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, he was in control of a super force for many years, he had also secretly worked with Immortal Crane Sect, obtaining a fair sum of funds. But even so, at his peak, he only had eight Immortal Gu in his possession.


 Among these eight, there was menses blood Immortal Gu and split shadow Immortal Gu, these Immortal Gu were not of wisdom path. There were more than ten Immortal Gu recipes in his wisdom path inheritance, among them, he only refined less than half.


 For example, looking at Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou, the former had the highest battle strength among the rank eights in Northern Plains, while the latter was one of the four most famous refinement path Gu Immortals in Northern Plains. They had deep foundations and were very affluent.


 But to refine the rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, even though they had Ma Hong Yun and could save a lot of resources, the rest of the resources needed still used up almost all of their savings, it could be said that they were going all in on this!


 With Fang Yuan’s current situation, wanting to refine Immortal Gu was simply wishful thinking.


 Other than star thought Immortal Gu, there was an immortal killer move that Fang Yuan thought highly of, it was called star fog concealment.


 This move was used to enshroud a Gu Immortal in a layer of foggy starlight for extended periods of time, it could conceal their appearance and prevent others from seeing it.


 This was just the surface level effect.


 Its true effect was to conceal the Gu Immortal from appearing as among the secrets of heaven, when other Gu Immortals tried to deduce matters about this Gu Immortal, the information would be concealed in fog, they would obtain unclear answers.


 This was almost like the effect of dark limit Immortal Gu.


 Dark limit Immortal Gu’s effect was to make the Gu Immortal be overlooked and for others to fail in the deduction. Star fog concealment obscured the information and make deductions harder, getting unclear answers.


 This wisdom path immortal killer move was one of the more unorthodox ones in the wisdom path inheritance, many of the inheritors did not use it in their lifetimes, thus the recorded experiences on this move were very few in number.


 Because wisdom path Gu Immortals were rare to begin with, wisdom path Gu Immortals rarely plotted against or attempted to make each other’s schemes fail. Under most situations, even if they used it, they could not know what their enemies sensed when deducing information on them.


 But to Fang Yuan, this was very useful to him.


 Wasn’t his motive for getting the wisdom path inheritance to defend against other wisdom path Gu Immortals, to greatly delay the information of him being the culprit from being exposed to everyone?


 But unfortunately, this immortal killer move needed two wisdom path Immortal Gu as the core.


 But the problem was this — Fang Yuan did not have the wealth to refine Immortal Gu!


 Eventually, after Fang Yuan browsed through the entire wisdom path inheritance, he realized that what he could learn and make use of currently, while also being suitable for himself, was only one particular part.


 It was how to deal with enemy wills.


 There was a lot of content on this, how to defend against enemy wills, how to differentiate wills, how to control enemy wills, what to do when under the control of enemy wills and how to control them instead, how to use wills to attack, important matters when engaging in a battle of wills, how to detect wills, how to heal wills, how to amplify the power of wills, how to weaken wills, and much more.


 Why did Fang Yuan want to learn this?


 Because in his hands, he had Mo Yao’s will!


 Mo Yao had incredible refinement path attainment in her life, she was also an inkman with a lot of secrets of inkmen, she was even the lover of Bo Qing, and was a certain generation’s fairy of Spirit Affinity House, she knew many historical events that were extremely valuable. What moved Fang Yuan the most was the Red Lotus Demon Venerable inheritance clues that she had.


 The vital Gu of Fang Yuan’s first aperture, Spring Autumn Cicada, was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Gu in the past!


 Thus, he placed much importance on the details of this inheritance, he needed to learn this — how to search wills.


 Searching souls and searching wills were different matters with completely different difficulties.


 The former was easier, it was like eating, everyone had a mouth, even though Fang Yuan was not in soul path, he could still search Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s soul. Outsiders could try it.


 But searching wills was like a chef taste testing a dish, attempting to decipher the main ingredients, supplementary ingredients, condiments, and even the steps involved in producing the dish. This was much more difficult, in other words, this was a specialized technique, only wisdom path experts could try it.


 Thus, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan was in Dang Hun palace, diligently practicing the methods to search wills.


 He had just started learning, he had no experience in this, he was still some way from using it feasibly.


 “Junior brother, have you been well?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng smiled lightly, he faced a lot of pressure in Eastern Sea, he could only relax now after seeing Fang Yuan.


 True friendships were forged in difficulties, to him, Fang Yuan’s Hu Immortal blessed land was like his home.


 Fang Yuan invited him to sit down, asking with surprise when he saw the tattered clothing: “You got injured?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng smiled bitterly, he said with slight lingering fear: “Now is different from the time I first entered Eastern Sea, some people are placing attention on me, I could not come back using a stargate directly, I had to go to the regional wall and put up a show. To think that someone actually followed me, resulting in me seeing for myself the terrifying might of the earth tide. Even though the regional wall was weakened from the earth tide, near the earth tide, the formless tides were unstoppable. Even though I was at the periphery, I suffered greatly from it. Only defensive immortal killer moves have any effect, my nine cloud ring was like paper in front of it. Ah, let’s not talk about this, junior brother, did you have many gains?”


 “Hahaha.” Fang Yuan started laughing.


 He would obviously not tell Tai Bai Yun Sheng that he, the fake ‘junior brother’, had killed his real ‘senior brother’.


 But Fang Yuan only hid some parts, he told most of the truth to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 After Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard that, he was quite in awe towards a person like Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 He talked to Fang Yuan about his own situation.


 The situation was such that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was quite popular in Eastern Sea. With his development, at this rate, he could almost become a second Fairy Li Shan.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng spoke about Yu Lu blessed land.


 Shark Demon had attacked it many times and faced endless difficulties, but he did not enter Yu Lu blessed land, he was stuck at the rounds in the outer periphery.


 Fang Yuan sighed: “Fairy Yu Lu was a rank eight Gu Immortal, a disciple of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. Yu Lu grotto-heaven dropped to become Yu Lu blessed land, but it still has that foundation, it might be that Yu Lu blessed land is one of the hardest kinds of blessed lands to take down. There are many aspects that influence defense, the first is if the blessed land is whole, the second is whether there is a land spirit, the third is the abundance of immortal essence, the fourth is the presence of guards like desolate beasts, the fifth is Immortal Gu, the sixth is immortal killer moves, the seventh is Immortal Gu Houses, and the eighth is Gu Immortals protecting it. But from what I see, the offense and defense of a blessed land only depends on one thing overall, that is the quantity of dao marks.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard Fang Yuan’s words and was nodding, these were all common sense. But when he heard Fang Yuan’s last sentence, it was like a burst of enlightenment, he was inwardly moved as he said with much interest: “Please enlighten me.”


 Fang Yuan did not answer, he asked Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Old Bai, do you know about the phrase, ‘man is the spirit of all livings beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth’?”



***
Chapter 821 - Strategy To Attack Blessed Land, Conversation About Dao


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng sat on the chair, he was stunned before laughing and scolding: “Junior brother, you’re making fun of me! I’ve heard this phrase countless times, ever since I started my cultivation journey, its been ringing in my head. Even mortals are familiar with the phrase.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, there was a hint of arrogance in his tone, he spoke: “The origin of this phrase is the first rank nine Gu Immortal in human history, it was said by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable. He was the creator of Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, it has remained standing up until now, through many eras, never falling to the corrosion of time. This phrase is extremely brilliant, it is the golden rule of Gu Master cultivation, having being passed down since long ago, it is even more popular than >. But in my opinion, this phrase is not brilliant enough, I summarized it into one word, that is — Dao.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and straightened his body, he looked at Fang Yuan with shining eyes as he said again: “Please enlighten me.”


 Fang Yuan said slowly: “Man is the spirit of all livings beings, among all living beings, humans have the highest intelligence and comprehension ability, we can understand heaven and earth and experience the Great Dao. Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, they are very unique among living beings, Gu worms contain meager traces of the Great Dao in their bodies, while Immortal Gu contain fragments of the Great Dao. Thus, they are the essence of heaven and earth.”


 “What is dao? Water flows downwards, humans die from hunger, trees grow because of rain and fertilizers, these are all dao. Gu Masters use Gu worms, they can light up fire, make rivers flow upwards, shoot out lightning, heal injuries, these are also dao.”


 “Humans nurture, use, and refine Gu, they are making use of the Gu worms to display the might of heaven and earth. By living and procreating, they eventually understand the laws of the world. After becoming a Gu Immortal, the aperture becomes an immortal aperture, and dao marks are carved on the body. One could say that Gu Masters are nurturing ‘dao’ when they nurture Gu worms, they are using ‘dao’ when they use Gu worms, and they are refining ‘dao’ when they refine Gu worms. There are Gu Masters of all sorts of paths, strength path, fire path, time path, poison path, these are all created by our predecessors who walked on an unknown path, a cultivation path that they created step by step.”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan paused before saying: “So in other words, when Gu Masters cultivate, they are basically cultivating dao.”


 “When Gu Masters cultivate, they are basically cultivating Dao...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sat on the chair, he frowned as he thought over Fang Yuan’s words.


 The more he muttered it, the more he felt the extreme brilliance of Fang Yuan’s conclusion.


 This was truly directed at the core of the issue, to him, it was as if he felt clouds parting, he could see the clear skies!


 At this point, Fang Yuan continued: “Let’s talk about the foundation of a Gu Immortal’s cultivation — the immortal aperture. The immortal aperture is the blessed land or grotto-heaven, it is a small world that contains dao in it. This kind of dao cannot compare to the world of the five regions, it is only expressed in dao marks.”


 “Take my Hu Immortal blessed land as an example, it has the basic time path dao marks, thus it can draw in a tributary of the river of time, allowing the concept of time to exist in the blessed land, and for time to flow. It also has a rather large number of space path dao marks, thus the blessed land is large, even after losing the north area, it still is very large. Hu Immortal land spirit can even teleport freely. In blessed lands with few space path dao marks, they have a smaller area and the land spirit cannot teleport. It is most abundant in enslavement path dao marks, precisely because of these dao marks, Hu Immortal blessed land is helpful for raising foxes, in addition, it can help in enslaving beast groups that are similar in body structure to foxes, and can even promote the growth of desolate beasts.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded and said in agreement: “That is absolutely correct! In my Tai Bai blessed land, it is most numerous in time path dao marks, thus my time based resources are very abundant. One day in the outside world is thirty-three days in my blessed land. It has the least earth path dao marks, thus there are no mountains in my blessed land, and the soil is infertile as well. In terms of space path dao marks, it is only ordinary, in total, the area is not large, but the sky is very high.”


 He said this as his eyes shined brightly, he gained some understanding.


 “That is why I said the offense and defense of a blessed land only is based at one thing, that is, the composition of dao marks in the blessed land.” Fang Yuan continued.


 “Blessed lands are a small world, why can they restrict enemies and seal their Gu worms? The reason is because of the large number of dao marks in the blessed land, it is like a pond. Mortal Gu contain traces of dao, they are like drops of water, sparks of fire. One drop of water entering the pond would be fused into it easily. One spark of fire entering the pond will get extinguished easily. Thus, once the dao marks in the blessed land are activated, the heavenly power would be enforced and mortal Gu would lose effect.”


 “Why are Immortal Gu unrestricted by blessed lands? Because Immortal Gu are the law fragments, they are unique entities, just like a rock. When a rock is tossed into a pond, no matter how the surface ripples, the entry of the rock cannot be stopped. But although it cannot be sealed, it can be suppressed. When an Immortal Gu is used in blessed lands to battle, its power would be weakened or strengthened by the blessed land’s dao marks.”


 “As for Gu Immortals, when they invade blessed lands, they would be suppressed by the dao marks as well. But Gu Immortals have an immortal body, they are fundamentally different from mortals. What are immortal bodies, to put it simply, they are bodies that have dao marks carved on them! When Gu Immortals invade blessed land, the more dao marks in the blessed land, the more suppression the Gu Immortal would feel. In contrast, the more dao marks on the Gu Immortal’s body, the less suppression they would experience.”


 In his past life, Fang Yuan was a blood path Gu Immortal. He could not enter many of the fragment worlds of the immemorial nine heavens. That was because these fragment worlds had sparse dao marks, they were far fewer than the dao marks in his body. If Fang Yuan entered them, it would be like a tiger entering a rabbit’s cage, the only result would be that the fragment world would burst, causing the fragment world’s dao marks to be destroyed, the winds of assimilation would blow and destroy all of the resources in the fragment world.


 Or looking at another example, the demons and Dong Fang Chang Fan had been fighting in Jade Pool blessed land.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan used his territorial advantage and caused the Gu Immortals to be unable to use their mortal Gu, but he could not seal their immortal killer moves.


 This was because Jade Pool blessed land was a public blessed land, even though it had a lot of dao marks, it was very mixed. Dong Fang Chang Fan could not mobilize all of the dao marks, he could only control the part of the blessed land that he contributed. Thus, its power was limited. He could not even cause the flying Gu Immortals to land on the ground.


 Not all Gu Immortals possessed immortal killer moves for flying.


 But Gu Immortals have dao marks in their bodies, they can resist the suppression of the blessed land’s dao marks. The demonic path Gu Immortals’ mortal killer moves had no effect against Dong Fang Chang Fan, but the mortal killer moves used on their own bodies still had effect.


 “Truly insightful, truly insightful!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was struck by realization, he sighed: “I understand. Public blessed lands have weak defenses, why is that? That is because they are formed by numerous Gu Immortals sacrificing a portion of their blessed lands, they were pieced together. These types of blessed lands are very mixed in dao mark varieties, they cancel out each other and cannot form a cohesive strength, it is like having a finger each from five people, they can only act individually, they cannot form into a fist.”


 “Blessed land that have a sole origin also have dao marks that are pure. If there are land spirits, they can expend immortal essence and mobilize the dao marks to use the heavenly power. Immortal Gu are the law fragments, there are dao marks on the desolate beasts’ bodies, Gu Immortals have been mentioned already, Immortal Gu Houses are formed by combining Immortal Gu, while immortal killer moves are the fusion of many types of dao marks, they are an effect or great power formed from varying sources.”


 “Thus, be it the blessed land or grotto-heaven, the purer the dao marks, the harder it is to take down. Land spirit, immortal essence, they are all to assist the use of dao marks. Looking at Imperial Court blessed land, if not for the land spirit and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building contesting against each other, if it was fully protected, how could it be destroyed?”


 Saying this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng left his seat, he straightened his back and faced Fang Yuan, bowing: “After hearing your words, Fang Yuan, I have truly felt enlightened, my questions are answered, I have gained much from it. From today onwards, I would not dare to call you junior brother, a skilled person is a teacher, on the road of cultivation, you have already surpassed me.”


 “Hehehe, Old Bai, today, we are just having a casual conversation. You do not need to be humble, you know this reasoning deep within yourself, you were just not as clear on it as me.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, he was very calm and collected.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face was austere: “No, although the reasoning is simple, it is extremely brilliant. The word ‘dao’ is indeed more brilliant than the phrase ‘man is the spirit of all livings beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth’. I was quite ignorant in the past, only now have I seen the essence of Gu Master cultivation. This reasoning, I am afraid ordinary Gu Immortals have not comprehended it yet.”


 Fang Yuan showed a slight smile.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s words were not exaggerated.


 In truth, the reason he could understand this was because he had the advantage of being a transmigrator.


 In the previous life of his previous life, Earth was greatly developed in the field of science. Laws of mechanics, trigonometry, acceleration, density, specific heat capacity and others, weren’t all these the laws of nature?


 From this aspect, science is also a form of cultivation. ‘Give me a fulcrum and I shall move the Earth.’ This classic sentence, when used in the Gu world, would be ‘Give me a Gu worm, and I can give off light and heat. Give me all the Gu worms, and I will be omnipotent!’


 Because he had experiences from two worlds, Fang Yuan could observe this world from another angle, he could understand logic that others could not sense or comprehend.


 But in the Gu Master world, was there nobody who can understand this reasoning?


 How could that be!


 There were lots of people who understood, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was one of them. ‘Man is the spirit of all livings beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth’, this was a more detailed and easily understood explanation of ‘Dao’, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable said it to aid in educating people of the future, it led to the development of inheritances of various paths, he had a different objective.


 Anyone who could understand this was someone of high position, a Gu Immortal that stood up high, after looking at their cultivation journey over their entire life, they could conclude this.


 Ordinary Gu Masters were living in the mortal world, ordinary Gu Immortals were busy dealing with their calamities and tribulations, why would they have time to think about such ‘useless’ things? Whether they could understand this reasoning or not, their lives would not be affected.


 In the end, it was only a way of thinking.


 But one could not look down on this way of thinking.


 Gunpowder was first used to refine pills in ancient China. When exposed to other civilizations, it had been developed into use for guns and cannons. The ingenuity of Chinese civilization was unquestionable, but modern Earth was on the path of science, and the western world’s contribution was the greatest.


 Different streams of thought would prevail in separate societies when viewing the world, and two different civilizations would be created.


 Between civilizations, one could not say which was superior or inferior, they were specialized in different things.


 Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, who was part of the Gu Master civilization, heard Fang Yuan’s words and was deeply enlightened. From his perspective, he could feel that Fang Yuan’s understanding was much higher than him, he did not dare to call him junior brother anymore.


 A skilled person is a teacher.


 If he continued to call Fang Yuan ‘junior brother’, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would feel extremely embarrassed inwardly.


 There was a type of feeling called humiliation of being inferior, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was currently in such a state.


 The two talked for some more time before Tai Bai Yun Sheng said his goodbyes to Fang Yuan.


 Even though they had always communicated with each other using Gu, after a face-to-face conversation, any distance between them had vanished.


 Fang Yuan had lived in two worlds, his manipulation techniques were extremely amazing. After a simple ‘conversation about dao’, he left a deep impression in Tai Bai Yun Sheng, making the latter have a feeling of inferiority.



***
Chapter 822 - Discussion about Huge Plan, Rejection


***





 



 After learning that Tai Bai Yun Sheng had returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, Fairy Li Shan rushed to Hu Immortal blessed land as quickly as possible.


 Right now in Snowy Mountain, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was present all the time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was an outsider and had a sensitive identity, he could not go there anymore.


 Thus, the best location was still Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Because Tai Bai Yun Sheng had the experience of saving Dang Hun mountain, this process did not have any issues, it was completed uneventfully.


 Fairy Li Shan’s pale face let out a sigh, after getting past this difficulty, a weight on her mind had finally been lifted.


 But she still had severe injuries on her, she needed to recuperate.


 “Wait a moment.” Fairy Li Shan was about to return to Snowy Mountain blessed land, but Fang Yuan stopped her.


 “I have a huge transaction, I wonder if you are interested?” Fang Yuan talked about his plan.


 He did not have the wealth to refine Immortal Gu.


 But that did not mean that the combination of Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Fairy Li Shan, Hei Lou Lan, and Fang Yuan could not afford it.


 “Right now, Fairy Jiang Yu’s whereabouts are unknown, and to take dark limit Immortal Gu, we do not have a technique like that of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it would be very difficult. I obtained an immortal killer move from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s inheritance, it is called star fog concealment, it can conceal one from heavenly secrets and is suitable for us.”


 Fairy Li Shan’s words immediately interested Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, who was beside her.


 But after hearing that star fog concealment needed two Immortal Gu as the core to activate it, Fairy Li Shan smiled bitterly as she shook her head: “Refining an Immortal Gu is already beyond our capabilities, two Immortal Gu are an impossible task.”


 Now, although restoring Miniscule Mountain saved Fairy Li Shan a huge amount of expenses, the injuries on her body still needed to be healed by other Gu Immortals, there was also Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s missions that had been given to her, and the fact that she was sponsoring Hei Lou Lan to cultivate all along, her deep financial power was at its limits.


 She was in difficult circumstances with funds, just like Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had no choice, he could only come up with another investment plan.


 He suggested: By gathering the wealth of all four of them, they could purchase knowledge and experiences of raising hairy men, and buy hairy man slaves in bulk. They could also raise the scale of the stone nests, increasing the production of airsac Gu, to increase the amount of guts Gu traded. The four can split the profits after that.


 This plan was much cheaper than refining Immortal Gu.


 But he was rejected by Fairy Li Shan: “Fang Yuan, have you thought about Immortal Crane Sect’s reaction? Your guts Gu trade is a monopoly, it is extremely profitable and has attracted much attention. If you increase the scale of production, Immortal Crane Sect is bound to become even more jealous, if the balance in their mindsets change, they might target Hu Immortal blessed land again, what will you do then? We have enough trouble already, the less complications, the better.”


 Fang Yuan was silently before replying: “You are right, forget about it.”


 After Fairy Li Shan returned to Snowy Mountain blessed land, Hei Lou Lan stayed in a stone nest to refine airsac Gu for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s two suggestions did not succeed. He was unresigned, after returning to Dang Hun palace, he contacted Lang Ya land spirit.


 The hairy men in Lang Ya blessed land were the best quality he had ever seen. Even in a high end market like treasure yellow heaven, none of the hairy men were as skilful as the ones in Lang Ya blessed land.


 From this, one could easily guess that Lang Ya land spirit had the best methods to raise hairy men as well as rich experience in doing so.


 Fang Yuan did not have immortal essence stones, but he had the wisdom path inheritance, many Immortal Gu recipes, and he had a huge amount of immortal materials, they were all things that Lang Ya land spirit desired.


 Could he use these to make a transaction with Lang Ya land spirit?


 Fang Yuan started with hope, but he ended with disappointment. Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude was firm, it was like an iron wall with no way of getting through.


 “You’re targeting the hairy men? Don’t even think about it! If you want to trade with me, there is only one way, by completing the task!” Lang Ya land spirit repeated the task again, he wanted that rank six immortal material, poisonous flower petals.


 Fang Yuan was slightly interested, he thought about it as he asked: “If I can get this immortal material for you, can you sell me some hairy man slaves, or a portion of your experience in raising them?”


 Lang Ya land spirit waved his sleeves in rejection: “Impossible, anything involving hairy men is not for sale, you should forget about this idea! But if you can find the immortal material I want, I can give you the Gu recipes of all-out effort Gu. In fact, I not only have the rank one to five Gu recipes of all-out effort Gu, I also have the rank six all-out effort Immortal Gu recipe! Isn’t this something you need?”


 Lang Ya land spirit tossed out this bait, it indeed enticed Fang Yuan, but he was also a little angry internally.


 Lang Ya land spirit was trying to make use of Fang Yuan, but could it be so easy to get this immortal material?


 The danger was too great, Fang Yuan would have to risk his life.


 As the saying goes, a fall in a pit, a gain in one’s wit. How many times had Fang Yuan taken advantage of Lang Ya land spirit?


 The Northern Plains auction was simply too much of a loss for the land spirit, the pain was so great that the land spirit had come to a realization.


 That was why Lang Ya land spirit became so hard to deal with, the reason was Fang Yuan.


 Investment or effort leads to reward, the reverse is also true, any reward would have its price.


 Fang Yuan obtained so much in immortal materials for essentially no cost, the price was that his relationship with Lang Ya land spirit became ice cold.


 Land spirits were formed by the fusion of obsession and heavenly power, they were very stubborn. Even though they could not lie, once they made up their minds, they would not easily change it.


 Thus, suddenly, Fang Yuan could not do anything. Lang Ya blessed land could not provide him any more help, there was no need to ask Lang Ya land spirit for any investments.


 His plan failed, Fang Yuan sighed as he placed his attention on the blessed land’s calamity.


 Two days later.


 “Myriad self giant hand, rise!”


 Fang Yuan activated his immortal killer move, four of the eight strength path hands grabbed on four sides of Dang Hun mountain as it lifted, while the other four lifted the base of it into the air.


 Dang Hun mountain rose up rapidly, it was tens of meters away from the ground in no time.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was floating in the air, seeing this, he was stunned.


 At a stone nest, Hei Lou Lan looked from far away at the huge Dang Hun mountain floating in the air, she muttered to herself: “In such a short time, he got stronger again...”


 It was much easier now for Fang Yuan to lift Dang Hun mountain. Not only because he was using eight strength path hands, but because he had already completely fused pulling mountain Immortal Gu into the killer move myriad self, making it part of its core.


 Originally, myriad self’s core was cleanse soul Immortal Gu. After cleanse soul Immortal Gu was starving, it could not be used anymore, so he used Self Strength instead. But now, the core of myriad self killer move became two Gu, one was Self Strength, the other was Pulling Mountain.


 “Don’t just stare, take it.” Fang Yuan shouted.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly opened up his immortal aperture, as the eight strength path giant hands brought Dang Hun mountain into his blessed land slowly.


 “Alright, next, the land spirit will lead you to collect several resources in the blessed land.” Fang Yuan said.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, under Little Hu Immortal’s control, he vanished in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan landed on the ground.


 Without Dang Hun mountain, the center of the blessed land was very empty.


 He sat there and closed his eyes, mobilizing time luck Immortal Gu as countless mortal Gu flew up from within his immortal aperture, his dead land.


 As beads of green grape immortal essence were consumed, with time luck Immortal Gu as the core, and the surrounding mortal Gu acting as support, a huge white-gold mist of light was formed.


 The mist of light entered the air, flying across the grey sky for several li, towards a group of Gu Master captives.


 These captives were from Dong Fang tribe.


 Earlier, they were imprisoned by Fang Yuan in an underground cell, now, they were taken out and placed in his immortal aperture.


 As the mist of light covered them, these captives screamed in shock: “What is this thing?”


 They had an ominous feeling within themselves, they wanted to dodge but they were restrained and could not move.


 The white-gold mist of light circulated around them, initially slowly but growing faster, it soon spun quickly as it form a spiral of white-gold light.


 The white-gold light spiral circulated for a while before exploding into a white-gold colored light pillar.


 Immortal killer move —Time Assist Luck!


 The light pillar penetrated out of Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, it went all the way up along Fang Yuan’s spine, until it shot out of Fang Yuan’s head, into the sky.


 After several breaths of time, the light pillar vanished.


 At the same time, the white-gold spiral in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture was consumed. On the rotting ground, there were corpses of all the Dong Fang tribe captives.


 These corpses were all dried-out and old, they were originally young people, but they were now extremely aged.


 Time assist luck had such an effect. It snatched the lifespan of others to give the Gu Immortal a temporary boost in his own luck.


 “I won’t give in!”


 “You killed us, you murderer, we will haunt you even as ghosts!”


 “For your own selfish reasons, you murdered us innocent souls, you are a sinner, you are a murderer!”


 “Ahhhhh, eat him, eat him.”


 Suddenly, a large number of vengeful remnant spirits came out of Fang Yuan’s body, they twisted around his soul and were attacking him fiercely.


 Fang Yuan snickered, his tall immortal zombie body was unmoving like a mountain.


 The soul in his body had already counterattacked, colliding with these souls.


 These souls were very tattered and were originally were mortal souls, it was reasonable to say that they were not worth mentioning, but at this point, Fang Yuan’s soul was being suppressed by them!


 Thankfully, they did not have intelligence, they could not cooperate.


 Fang Yuan moved his soul and killed them one by one, he paid a huge price but he exterminated these souls.


 After the battle, Fang Yuan’s soul was thirty percent of its original size, it was dim and resembled a flickering candle, it was barely alight, its injuries could be said to be severe.


 But thankfully, he had guts Gu.


 He crushed airsac Gu one after another, the guts Gu inside broke as well, turning into the purest form of nourishment for his soul to strengthen and recover.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan’s soul completely recovered, it was back at its peak condition.


 Compared to before, his soul was more refined, it was like forged steel, becoming more compact and durable.


 “The backlash of remnant souls is time assist luck killer move’s greatest weakness, but after the soul battle ends, when my soul recovers, there is some advantage of refining the soul.” Fang Yuan could clearly discern the benefits and weaknesses of this move.



***
Chapter 823 - Advantages Outweigh Disadvantages, Time Assist Luck


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time assist luck increased one’s luck without expending one’s own lifespan, but it had two big disadvantages.


 First was the backlash of the remnant souls. Because of the immortal killer move, the remnant souls become extremely fierce, and in the dangerous battle of souls, one could not use any soul path methods and had to rely on their own soul to battle. Thus, even soul path Gu Immortals often suffered severe damage to their soul after the battle of souls.


 Second was that time assist luck could only be used once a month, and this related to the amount of time experienced by the immortal body.


 What was meant by the time experienced by the immortal body?


 Blessed lands and grotto-heavens had different rates of time flow compared to the outside world. For instance, one day in the outside world could be over fifteen days in the blessed land. If the Gu Immortal was in the outside world, the time experienced by their immortal body was one day. If they were in the blessed land, the same time in the outside world experienced by the immortal body would be fifteen days.


 The length of a Gu Immortal’s lifespan was the total amount of time their immortal body experienced.


 Fang Yuan took back time luck Immortal Gu as well as the other mortal Gu, and subconsciously gazed upwards.


 “It’s a pity that I don’t have luck inspection Immortal Gu and cannot inspect the change in my luck. I also can’t tell how effective the killer move, time assist luck is. Oh? Right, I can’t inspect myself, but I can inspect others.” Fang Yuan suddenly thought of a way.


 He had luck inspection mortal Gu, although it could not be used to see his own luck, he had connected his luck with Ye Fan, Han Li and Hong Yi.


 The series of luck connections made the luck of the four of them the same, like four bowls of water with the same volume.


 The water in Fang Yuan’s bowl had suddenly increased, this rise would immediately be divided into four portions, one portion would be left in his bowl while the other three portions would flow to the other three people.


 Fang Yuan could not inspect his own luck, but he could inspect the other three. After all, these three were still mortals at present!


 Southern Border.


 In a lush forest on a mountain, Ye Fan was quickly moving along the ground like an ape.


 He occasionally jumped over boulders, and at times climbed and grabbed long green vines flying between the tall trees.


 He was extremely fast, as if he was truly possessed by an ape.


 In fact, fine ape hair grew on his nose, cheeks, arms and other areas.


 Ye Fan’s eyes were also not white and black, instead they had turned golden. He was staring at a blue speck of light in front of him with a slightly anxious look.


 “This blue face Gu is truly slippery, it is so hard to catch. No, I must catch it, it is rank three Gu of transformation path and can change a male Gu Master’s appearance. I am currently under an arrest warrant, this Gu worm is even more important to me!”


 Suddenly, a strange itch was felt at the bottom of Ye Fan’s heart.


 Ye Fan glanced quickly at his body and saw his arms were already covered in thick ape hair, his heart sank: “Damn it! I forcibly activated the killer move ape transformation, the longer I maintain this killer move, the more ape hair there will be, and once it goes beyond the limit, I might turn into a half-man and half-ape monster. But if I stop this killer move, my speed will definitely fall and I will only be able to watch this wild blue face Gu leave...”


 Right as Ye Fan was in a dilemma, the sky rapidly changed, as dark clouds covered the sky, and soon, bean-sized rain drops started to fall. In a dozen breaths of time, the drops of rain had turned into torrential rain.


 The rainstorm obstructed his vision, Ye Fan had completely lost the blue light he had barely been able to chase.


 “Damn it, I spent several days and nights, and now all my effort has failed. Sigh, without a Gu worm specially meant to capture wild Gu, it is really difficult to capture them with just bare hands!”


 Ye Fan was soon soaked thoroughly, inwardly in great disappointment.


 Crackle... Right at this time, a bolt of lightning struck a large tree on the mountain.


 The tree fell down, fire burned and soon spread, unable to be extinguished by the rainstorm.


 “On this tung oil mountain, there are tung trees everywhere and they are very combustible. I need to quickly leave this place, otherwise it will be too late once there is a wildfire.”


 Ye Fan quickly left.


 After fifteen minutes, he was standing at the base of the mountain looking at the wildfire spreading wildly over the mountain, the rainstorm unable to extinguish it.


 He sighed and was about to leave when suddenly a blue light swayed into his vision.


 When Ye Fan saw it clearly, his eyes opened wide.


 It was that blue face Gu!


 But this blue face Gu had dense soot over its body and was clearly heavily injured.


 Ye Fan quickly hurried over and grabbed it. Normally, a Gu Master would face stubborn resistance from a Gu worm’s will when they refined wild Gu, but as the blue face Gu was too weak, Ye Fan was able to refine it within a few breaths of time.


 “I had never imagined I would obtain blue face Gu like this.” Ye Fan sighed inwardly at the mysteriousness of fate.


 He was fully satisfied with this pleasant surprise and was about to leave, when suddenly his body stiffened like a stone statue.


 After the blue face Gu, there were still three wild Gu worms that had escaped the fire and were flying in his direction in heavily injured states...


 Western Desert.


 On a rocky beach, all sizes of rocks were piled up and spread over the surroundings, forming a natural rock field.


 Han Li was breathing heavily as he ran over the broken rocks, his legs hurt badly but he endured it.


 “Brat, put down those three nodding stones!” A rank three Gu Master shouted in fury from behind while in fierce pursuit of Han Li.


 Han Li ran even faster when he heard the voice.


 In his vision, a tall pile of rocks was getting bigger and bigger.


 Han Li involuntarily showed a happy expression.


 These rocks were extremely large and firm, with gaps of all sorts of sizes in between the rocks, this was a very good hiding place.


 The rank three Gu Master who was chasing Han Li, however, was exceptionally anxious.


 Han Li was only a young man with a weak and thin physique, he would be able to leave the Gu Master’s vision soon if he entered the gaps. The previous intense battle had consumed the primeval essence of the rank three Gu Master, he was not able to even activate rank three movement Gu and had no choice but to chase him by simply running.


 “Damn it, do I let him slip away like this? No, I am a grand rank three Gu Master elder, while he is only a mortal, if I let him escape and word of this matter spreads, how am I going to hold my reputation up in the future? Those three nodding stones are materials to refine rank five Gu, they are very valuable! If they were sold...”


 The rank three Gu Master was extremely unwilling, he gritted his teeth fiercely and finally used his trump card.


 His mind blanked out briefly, as his lifespan decreased by two years in exchange for twenty percent rank three primeval essence.


 He used ten percent to activate a movement Gu worm; his speed increased sharply and in several breaths, he was right behind Han Li.


 He used the other ten percent primeval essence to punch out a stone fist.


 The stone fist could definitely kill Han Li if it struck.


 However, a bright light flashed past the Gu Master’s eyes as he dispelled this thought. On one hand, he was afraid of shattering the nodding stones with Han Li, and on other hand, he really hated Han Li and wanted to properly torture him to death to vent his anger.


 Therefore, this stone fist brushed past Han Li’s right leg and crashed into the tall and sturdy rock pile, a series of muffled sounds echoed, dust swirled and shattered rocks splattered everywhere.


 Han Li received a heavy injury, his right leg was directly fractured.


 However, he had a firm disposition and knew his life was hanging by a thread right now. He screamed before using all his strength to jump forward.


 His thin and small body allowed him to land right into a crevice.


 The rank three Gu Master was startled, he had used up all his primeval essence and had no more ways now. Was he really going to let this brat escape alive?


 But soon, the Gu Master relaxed.


 Han Li had jumped into a crevice, but his head had hit a wall and was bleeding, and with the serious fracture of his right leg, he was dizzy and could not even climb up.


 “Brat, you really can run! Run, run more!” The rank three Gu Master slowly walked closer to Han Li with a vicious expression.


 Han Li was filled with despair, he subconsciously stepped back, but his speed was extremely slow.


 The rank three Gu Master thought of countless cruel methods to torture Han Li as he entered the crevice with a sinister smile.


 Boom!


 Suddenly, the many large rocks forming the crevice collapsed above the rank three Gu Master.


 The rank three Gu Master’s sternum broke and his lungs were pierced, he struggled for a while before dying.


 Han Li was left stupefied on the spot.


 Central Continent.


 Universal Life Academy.


 The Gu refinement competition had already entered its final round.


 Sixteen young Gu Masters were sitting cross-legged on the plaza, and under everyone’s gazes, started refining Gu simultaneously.


 The Refinement Path Convention of Central Continent was already approaching. Universal Life Academy might only be a small sect, but every sect of Central Continent had a quota for participating in the Refinement Path Convention.


 Universal Life Academy only had three places reserved, and one each was given to a disciple, elder and external elder of the sect.


 Now, sixteen Gu Master disciples were fighting for the sole reservation.


 “This competition will soon reach the crucial moment.”


 “Right, there is one final barrier in refining red face Gu, which tests the Gu Master’s subtle control of their senses, their hands and mind must be coordinated to maintain control over the fire.”


 “Look, Cao Yu has already reached this barrier. He is intentionally slowing down the speed of Gu refinement to have sufficient time to react.”


 Spectating disciples discussed and analyzed the situation in soft voices.


 After a while, two others entered this final barrier.


 “As expected, they are Xie Lan and Lu Wen.”


 “These two along with Cao Yu are publicly recognized as the three ultimately most talented elite disciples in refinement path of our academy.”


 “The final winner of this competition should be from among these three!”


 “Maybe there is a dark horse?”


 “Hehe, this is not possible. Cultivating refinement path requires large amounts of practice and is not a matter of instant success. Even if someone secretly practices, this process would also waste enormous amounts of resources, and the records of buying Gu refinement materials cannot be concealed.”


 On the raised platform, the academy principal was sitting at the front with six elders beside him, watching the competition to prevent any cheating from occurring.


 Time flowed by, there was a fourth young Gu Master, then a fifth and a sixth who stepped into this final crucial step one after the other.


 “We can basically confirm it now, the winner will be from among Cao Yu, Xie Lan and Lu Wen.”


 “As long as they don’t make a mistake, they are the top three. Other Gu Masters have also reached the final step, but it is already too late.”


 While the spectators discussed outside the plaza, the elders were also secretly communicating.



***
Chapter 824 - Blood Poison Kerria Flowers, Seventh Calamity


***





 



 “The refinement hall elder spent all his effort to nurture the three of them, they are at the upper level even in Central Continent, they are truly prized students of a brilliant master.” An elder praised.


 “Hehehe, I am flattered, I am flattered. These three children have talent, but it was mostly because of Lord Principal’s support, otherwise, they would not have become so familiar with the refinement steps.” The refinement hall elder was very modest.


 The academy principal did not speak.


 The refinement hall elder shifted the topic as he spoke about Hong Yi: “Speaking of which, your son, Hong Yi has such talent as well, he is in the finals now. Most notably, he is not a disciple of the refinement hall, it is very impressive that he managed to attain such results despite having little practice.”


 All of the elders looked at each other, they were secretly despising the refinement hall elder for boot-licking the principal so smoothly, but they all voiced out their agreement with him.


 “Indeed, indeed.”


 “With Lord Principal’s bloodline in him, how can he be weak?”


 “When he first entered the academy, he was still inconspicuous. But now, Hong Yi is already the leader of the disciples, in the future, he is sure to be a leader somewhere.”


 The principal snorted: “You are praising him because he is my son, do you think I cannot tell? He could get into the finals because of his dogshit luck. He tries out everything without putting hard work into any of them. By learning everything, he is also being unskilled at every aspect, after this competition, send him into seven days of seclusion, so that he can reflect on himself.”


 The elders were silent.


 Lord Principal had several sons, Hong Yi was the most capable one, but he was the son of a concubine and did not have a good relationship with his father, he had a rebellious nature and was thus often suppressed by the principal.


 This time, Hong Yi signed up for the refinement path competition behind his father’s back.


 At the moment, Hong Yi’s forehead was covered in sweat as he looked at the lump of fire in his hands.


 In the fire, the Gu worm was gradually taking form.


 “I am finally at the last step, it is a pity that I wasted too much time!” Hong Yi observed the others while in the midst of his refinement.


 He saw that Cao Yu, Xie Lan and Lu Wen’s flames had shrunken to the size of wicks, Hong Yi knew that he had no hope of winning.


 In truth, he had refinement path talent greater than Cao Yu and the other two. But he practiced very little, one reason was because this was not his main path, he could not divert too much attention to it as he lacked in the time he could invest. Secondly, he had no financial support, even though he had some fortuitous encounters, his father did not support him, he could only cultivate his main path.


 “Damn it! Father has already noticed my intention, I want my mother’s memorial tablet to be placed in the ancestral hall, but father follows the ancestral rules strictly, why would he allow it? He wants me to be like my other siblings, obeying him without question, and not challenging his prestige. But Hong clan had been really unfair to my mother, this is injustice! If I do not seek justice for my mother, I am not a filial son!”


 “Forget it, at this point, I can only take a risk and make a shot in the dark. The refinement of this red face Gu is usually completed in an instant in a refinement path master’s hands. But the fire is hard to control, thus the others are slowing down at this step. I cannot complete it instantly, of course, but if I can surpass their speed, I will have a chance of winning.”


 Hong Yi made up his mind, he immediately acted on it.


 Be it the disciples around him or the elders on the stage, they quickly noticed Hong Yi’s actions.


 Everyone shook their heads.


 “He is so naive.”


 “Hong Yi is taking a risk, but how can he turn this around? Unless he is a refinement path master!”


 “He is obviously not a refinement path master, he is seeking his own doom, look, his fire has gone out of control already.”


 “Oh no!” Hong Yi cried out in dismay, the flame in his hands was flickering, it was making cracking sounds as it burned, it was going to explode.


 The force of the explosion would not be scary, after all this was a test from the academy, they were concerned about the disciples’ safety.


 “I failed!!” Hong Yi’s heart sank, the flame in his hand had completely lost control, it even flew away from his hand.


 At once, Hong Yi felt extremely bitter.


 “I still failed in the end... achoo!”


 He had been practicing Gu refinement for the last few nights, he had been putting in last minute effort but had gotten a cold in the process, because he relaxed himself now, and his body was full of sweat, he could not help but sneeze.


 His sneeze blew at the fire and the flames extinguished at once.


 A refined red face Gu fell onto the concrete floor of the stage with a loud sound.


 “I... I refined it successfully?!” Hong Yi was stunned.


 Everyone stopped their movements on the spot.


 “Guh!” An elder who was drinking tea spat out all of the tea in his mouth.


 Even the academy principal, Hong Yi’s father, stood up subconsciously, he had a strange expression, he was stunned: “This, this sneeze actually worked like the method of a refinement path master, causing the refinement’s final step to be completed in an instant, creating the red face Gu! Hong Yi, this lad... just what kind of dogshit luck is this...”


 Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Hu Immortal land spirit and Hei Lou Lan were floating in the air, awaiting the start of the earthly calamity.


 “What earthly calamity would it be this time?” Little Hu Immortal looked at her master.


 Fang Yuan touched her little head: “Don’t worry, this time, the situation is different from last time. We have three Gu Immortals here, and Dang Hun mountain along with lots of our resources were moved out, the blessed land’s foundation is greatly depleted. Furthermore, I raised my own luck, I have an eighty percent confidence of getting through this calamity.”


 The way of heaven was to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it emphasized on balance.


 The deeper the foundation of the blessed land, the stronger the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity. Thus, Fang Yuan moved Dang Hun mountain and all the other precious resources into Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture.


 This way, with less fortune in the blessed land, the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity would be much weaker.


 In Imperial Court blessed land, he learned about the power of luck path. He knew that the stronger his own luck was, the weaker the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity would be.


 One could say that Fang Yuan had done all the preparation possible.


 But even so, there was still a twenty percent chance that he would fail in resisting the earthly calamity!


 The reason was that there were an immense variety of earthly calamities, it was unknown which one was coming. Earthly calamities have all sorts of strange effects, even those rare and unheard of abilities were possible, even those that had never been seen before could appear, the difficulty of resisting them would be much greater.


 As they waited, earth qi started to rumble as the earthly calamity began.


 Stalks upon stalks of flowers pierced the ground of Hu Immortal blessed land as they grew rapidly, in a few breaths’ time, bright red stalks of flowers grew all around Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “This is...” The immortals hesitated, the flowers were blooming in all directions.


 These flowers were huge, they had the size of a person’s face. The petals were soft and delicate like silk, they were layered on top of each other, each flower had at least six layers of petals, and around a hundred petals in total.


 “This is the blood poison kerria.” Fang Yuan said in a quiet tone.


 He recognized this flower, he felt very helpless.


 To think that this earthly calamity was a type of blood calamity. These blood poison kerria flowers only took ten breaths of time from budding to wilting. When they wilt, their petals and roots would turn into a pool of poison. The poisonous blood would pollute the blessed land, causing widespread damage to life, leading to great losses.


 Only wood path techniques were specialized at dealing with these blood poison kerria flowers. Other than that, any blood poison kerria that was destroyed would also turn into a pool of poisonous blood.


 But in fact, even if Fang Yuan had wood path techniques, it was too late.


 There were so many blood poison kerria flowers all over Hu Immortal blessed land, what could he do to stop them?


 Thus, even though there were three Gu Immortals on his side, facing the vast sea of blood poison kerria flowers, they were helpless!


 The blood poison kerria flowers quickly wilted, as poisonous blood covered the surface of the ground like a layer of water. The water surface was not deep, about the height of a person’s ankles, but it was all over Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The lake at the eastern part of the blessed land had been completely polluted. The fox groups and wolf groups at the western part of the blessed land faced countless deaths, corpses were lying in the pool of blood, their blood flowed out and added to the pool of poisonous blood.


 The rockman slaves in the southern part were rudely awakened. Many of the rockmen had blood poison kerria flowers growing on their bodies. After the flower wilted, poisonous blood flowed out as the rockmen cried out in pain, but few of them died.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt a chill as he looked at the sky, sighing: “Heaven really wouldn’t give us an easy time!”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 Hei Lou Lan consoled him: “Tribulations are hard to endure, the current situation is quite good already. Looking at the poisonous blood all over the blessed land, even though most of the land is polluted and your losses are severe, the earth qi has already settled down, this earthly calamity is over already.”


 Little Hu Immortal’s eyes were watery: “Master, we have to clear up the poisonous blood. The soil is polluted, it will not produce anything for the next few years. Our pink flower rabbits, wolf groups, and fox groups suffered great losses in numbers!”


 Fang Yuan made a move immediately.


 He used pulling water Immortal Gu to siphon the poisonous blood into his own immortal aperture.


 His immortal aperture was a dead land, it was full of death energy and had no life, the poisonous blood could not pollute anything.


 But the poisonous blood was all over the blessed land, the range was too huge, even if Fang Yuan used pulling water Immortal Gu, the efficiency was too low.


 He felt some regret inwardly: “If I knew this, I would not have fused pulling mountain Immortal Gu into the killer move, myriad self, I would have fused pulling water Immortal Gu first. That way, my efficiency would be higher, and my immortal essence expenditure would be lower!”


 Man proposes, heaven disposes, this saying fit the current situation.


 After spending a day and a night, Fang Yuan finally extracted all of the poisonous blood in this blessed land and moved it into his immortal aperture.


 During this period, he worked without a break, he did not rest or sleep. He spent quite a sum of green grape immortal essence during the process.


 Removing the pollution of the poisonous blood could not be dragged on. The longer he took, the deeper the pollution, and the greater the aftereffects.


 Even though the poisonous blood was removed, the soil on the surface of the blessed land was entirely poisonous, squeezing it with one’s hand would produce some bloody red mush. If it was not settled, in several days, this layer of soil would completely rot, turning into poisonous blood and polluting soil in other areas.


 Fang Yuan immediately made up his mind, removing this layer of soil.


 Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng had Landscape as Before to restore the land back to its original state, Fang Yuan did not adopt that method.


 Thus, Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Hei Lou Lan worked together, spending several days and finally getting rid of the soil layer. Fang Yuan moved all of the poisonous soil into his immortal aperture, even with his immortal zombie body, he was extremely exhausted.


 There was a lot of work to do, looking at it from another perspective, it was a good thing that Fang Yuan removed the north area of the blessed land previously.



***
Chapter 825 - Developing the Blessed Land, Lou Lan Comes to a Realization


***





 



 Hu Immortal blessed land’s seventh earthly calamity was finally over.


 Afterwards, looking back at this earthly calamity.


 There was really nothing dangerous. But this earthly calamity targeted Fang Yuan’s weakness, it was quite unpleasant.


 Fang Yuan and the other two Gu Immortals could only watch the earthly calamity develop, making as much compensation as possible afterwards.


 After the earthly calamity ended, Hei Lou Lan continued to stay in Hu Immortal blessed land, this place was the safest to stay in for her right now.


 Under Fang Yuan’s arrangement, she continued to use strength qi Immortal Gu, assisting the hairy man slaves in the stone nests, refining large numbers of airsac Gu.


 Right now, there was a mountain of airsac Gu in the storage.


 Airsac Gu was a one time consumable Gu, it was paired with guts Gu and sold together.


 Before the tribulation, Fang Yuan had made full use of Hei Lou Lan, the three stone nests were refining Gu crazily, creating large numbers of airsac Gu.


 Right now, there was a high number of airsac Gu, the production of guts Gu could not keep up.


 Fang Yuan changed his refinement plan, he made one stone nest refine airsac Gu, while the other two refined mortal star thought Gu.


 This made Hei Lou Lan grit her teeth in anger.


 Because their earlier deal was: Before the tribulation, Hei Lou Lan would help the hairy men with the refinement of airsac Gu. After these airsac Gu were used to store guts Gu and sold for profit, all of it would go to Fang Yuan.


 Now that Hu Immortal blessed land had gone through the tribulation, from now on, the sale of guts Gu would include Hei Lou Lan’s share of the profit.


 Hei Lou Lan lacked money too.


 Or more accurately speaking, any Gu Immortal who had just ascended into an immortal like her would lack money.


 Especially now, when Fairy Li Shan’s wealth was dwindling, she could not support Hei Lou Lan’s cultivation anymore, Hei Lou Lan’s desire towards immortal essence stones was at an all time high.


 But just when she wanted to start building and accumulating her foundation, Fang Yuan shrunk the production of airsac Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan was helpless.


 The three stone nests were Fang Yuan’s possession, he could refine whatever he wanted to, he did not need to get her input.


 But was Hei Lou Lan someone who gave up easily? She found Fang Yuan and talked to him, hoping that he would allocate at least two stone nests to refining airsac Gu, so as to increase the sale of guts Gu.


 Fang Yuan attended to her enthusiastically, telling her about his difficulties with much emotion: “Fairy Lou Lan, I also want to increase production. I have a huge headache right now, you’ve also seen how many hairy men I’ve lost in the production of airsac Gu. If I want to replenish the number of hairy men, the cost will go up. Meanwhile, refining star thought Gu is much milder and would cause fewer deaths in the hairy men. At this point, I’ve lost about thirty percent of my hairy men, if this goes on, I’ll need to buy hairy man slaves. But you’ve just witnessed Hu Immortal blessed land undergoing tribulation, the losses were very great, now it’s necessary to be more sparing.”


 Hei Lou Lan heard this and frowned, she felt vexed inwardly, she almost lost control and shouted ‘you’re bullshitting me’.


 Even if Hei Lou Lan did not know about Fang Yuan’s total assets, she knew this: Before the tribulation, Fang Yuan had already transferred all of his precious resources into Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, he had no great losses.


 Meanwhile, in Jade Pool blessed land, he seized so many resources and even obtained Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, it could be said that he was one of the biggest winners out of the people in Tai Qiu.


 The sale of guts Gu was very much in demand, most of the profits went to Fang Yuan.


 No matter how poor Fang Yuan was, he could definitely afford to buy a group of hairy man slaves.


 Fang Yuan was lamenting about poverty to Hei Lou Lan, seeing that she was unhappy, he continued smiling, saying: “Actually, in my opinion, my earlier suggestion is quite appropriate. We can pool a huge fund and buy experiences and knowledge of raising hairy men, before buying the slaves and raising them ourselves. This is a long term investment, it is extremely worth it in the long run.”


 Fang Yuan mentioned his suggestion again as Hei Lou Lan sighed in her mind.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was advantageous to all four of them. But the first time he mentioned it, why did Fairy Li Shan object immediately?


 Because once this plan worked out, Fang Yuan was the biggest winner! This provided him too much help.


 Among the four of them, Fang Yuan needed hairy man slaves the most, he had the stone nests and could use them to their greatest value. Fang Yuan’s cultivation plan involved the refinement of large numbers of mortal Gu. But Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan. and Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not have such a need.


 If this plan succeeded, Hei Lou Lan and the others would need to invest time and money into raising hairy men. The best use of this was to sell hairy man slaves. But their immortal apertures were not suitable for raising hairy men, meanwhile, Hu Immortal blessed land was a much better location.


 Not only could Fang Yuan sell hairy men slaves and have the greatest advantage in raising them, he could even use them to refine Gu and sell large numbers of mortal Gu.


 Precisely because of this, Fairy Li Shan rejected him.


 Fang Yuan was developing too quickly, an experienced Gu Immortal like Fairy Li Shan could not allow it any further. Even though they were allies, the Snowy Mountain Alliance would expire eventually.


 After cooperating with Fang Yuan so many times, would Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan be unclear about how unscrupulous and ruthless this demonic schemer was?


 Hei Lou Lan sighed, her brows were tightly knitted, she did not continue the conversation, she turned around and left.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he sent her off and watched her leave, he shouted: “This is not an urgent matter, fairy, do give it some thought.”


 Hei Lou Lan was flying in the air as she inwardly scoffed at these words: “Consider what? I don’t believe that you can keep this up! You are only using one stone nest to refine airsac Gu, the sale of guts Gu will fall by half. This way, your monthly revenue will also shrink greatly. You spend much more money than me each month, I don’t believe that you can endure it!”


 “Oh? Wait, no!” After a few breaths, Hei Lou Lan’s flying speed slowed down: “Even though he is refining less airsac Gu, Fang Yuan has a huge batch in his inventory. He can totally use this batch to keep up with the sale of guts Gu, or even sell multiple times the current amount!”


 Hei Lou Lan flew slower and slower, her heart was turning colder: “This is a deep scheme from Fang Yuan, he was aiming this at me! His monthly revenue would not fall, it could even go up. What about me? All of the airsac Gu in the inventory are refined by me, but according to our earlier transaction, I cannot profit from them. Meanwhile, little aunt has a lot of problems to deal with now. Fang Yuan is using this timing and taking advantage of me! Oh, how can I cause more problems to little aunt now? She has already helped me enough!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s heart felt chilly, she returned to the stone nests, seeing the three majestic buildings, she jolted to awareness!


 “Compared to Fang Yuan, I have many flaws, there are many things that I am worse in.”


 “I have the Great Strength True Martial physique, Fang Yuan is only an immortal zombie, but unknowingly, he has already gone far ahead of me.”


 “I thought that my scheming and plotting ability was good, but Fang Yuan has fathomless depths, he is much shrewder!”


 “I pride myself in having outstanding battle strength, but Fang Yuan’s myriad self can fight rank seven!”


 “My greatest weakness is that I do not have economic support. Gu Immortal cultivation is not just about fighting, management is the foundation. In this aspect, I am way behind Fang Yuan.”


 Thinking of this, Hei Lou Lan stretched out her arm and gave herself a few slaps.


 “It is time to wake up!” Hei Lou Lan’s face was burning from pain, but her eyes were sharp like lightning, her expression was firm as steel: “From a young age, I was nurtured as the successor to the tribe leader. As a mortal Gu Master, I had no lack of resources, I did not have to manage resources, thus I lacked awareness in this aspect. Fang Yuan, I have to thank him for awakening my perception of this. Indeed, the best teacher is often your strongest enemy! I have decided, my first step currently is to become truly independent!”


 Hei Lou Lan was truly a capable genius, she realized her own shortcomings and had the courage to acknowledge them, attempting to make changes.


 After she gained awareness, she did not approach Fang Yuan anymore. She placed her focus on herself, finding businesses that were suitable for her immortal aperture to develop, those that could gain the most profits.


 This way, even if only one stone nest was refining airsac Gu, it was not a problem. Because now, she had much more time to learn and accumulate her foundation, to think about how she could earn a living for herself.


 Fang Yuan was extremely busy.


 He first took Dang Hun mountain out of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, and returned it to the center of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Next, he started creating new homes for the dragonfish and air bubble fish.


 Even though the poisonous blood was drained out and the surface of the corrupted soil was removed, the remaining soil was still light red in color. If one gripped it hard, blood would flow out of it.


 Fang Yuan decided to reorganize the entire place, this was a huge project, first he dug around the original lakes and ponds. Next, he started setting up Gu worms and forming Gu formations at the center of the soil.


 From the base of each Gu formation, he purchased large amounts of fertile soils and filled the ground with it.


 The new soils were classified into different types.


 In the lake that raised dragonfish, Fang Yuan used dragon scale soil. This type of soil was grainy and tough, viewed from afar, it resembled layers of dragon scales. In fact, it was the soil that dragon type desolate beasts, ancient desolate dragons, or even immemorial desolate dragons lived on, it was injected with the aura of dragons.


 Dragonfish living in the lake made with dragon scale soil would have greater urge to procreate.


 The lake that raised the air bubble fish was made with jade root soil. This soil was icy cold when held, and if it was squeezed tightly, it would turn into jade. Ordinary jade root soil would form qi veins that resembled the blood vessels of humans, they also looked like the roots of ginseng. That was also a reason for its name.


 When air bubble fish lived in such an environment, their lifespan would be increased greatly, and they would be much more vigorous.


 Because of the soil, the areas that the dragonfish and air bubble fish lived in were called the dragon scale lake and the jade root lake.


 These two lakes were in the eastern part of Hu Immortal blessed land, they were the largest and second largest lakes.


 Dragon scale lake was the largest, there was a large number of dragonfish inside, there was even a desolate beast dragonfish.


 On top of jade root lake, there was a thick layer of clouds, there was star fragment grass growing on the clouds, forming a plain of clouds. Groups of starlight fireflies ate star fragment grass, they danced in the air on the plain, forming the scene of a sky with beautiful specks of starlight.



***
Chapter 826 - New Dao Marks, Deeper Foundation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan had also placed starlight fireflies in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture. He had also moved a portion of the star fragment grass in, now that they had been merged together once again, they recovered their original scale.


 The poisonous blood from the blood poison kerria flowers had only contaminated the ground, it had not caused the slightest harm to the star fragment grass in the sky.


 Dragon scale lake and jade root lake were placed opposite each other at a distance, many small lakes were dug up between the two large lakes, as well as in the surroundings, like they were stars in the sky surrounding a moon each.


 These small lakes and pools did not use any special soils.


 Dragon scale soil and jade root soil were Gu refinement materials. Although they were not immortal materials, but with such great quantity, enough to construct two large lakes, Fang Yuan had spent quite a sum.


 Some remaining water wolves and shark fin wolves lived in these small lakes. The shark fin wolf desolate beast that Fang Yuan had subdued also moved around here, eating the fish in these small lakes when it was hungry.


 There were large numbers of blue jade carps in the pools and lakes. These blue jade carps could remain alive stubbornly in harsh conditions, even the poisonous blood could not kill them, instead it caused a portion of them to undergo a mutation, becoming blood jade carps. The price of these blood jade carps was several times that of blue jade carps.


 In the western part of Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan had followed a set pattern; digging soil, arranging Gu formations, and using charcoal stones to construct a large lake.


 However, this lake did not have even a drop of water. On the contrary, hot air rose with the charcoal stones covering the lake bed, when wind blew, the black-grey charcoal stones shone with a red light.


 Fang Yuan named this lake charcoal lake, it was the second-best breeding ground for eerie fire dragon pythons. The optimal method was used in Dong Fang tribe’s headquarters — the arrangement in Jade Pool blessed land.


 Fang Yuan knew this optimal method from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, it could be said that he was extremely clear of the arrangement.


 But it was a pity that Fang Yuan’s wealth could not support it. In particular, the amount of money required at the earlier stages was too high, Fang Yuan considered it carefully and chose to use the second-best method of charcoal stones to construct the nest for the eerie fire dragon pythons.


 He placed all the eerie fire dragon pythons inside and let them develop. Fang Yuan moved away, and at every set distance, he dug a small lake, he did not use any special soils and after setting up simple Gu formations, he poured all the poisonous blood taken into his immortal aperture into them.


 Under the effect of isolation from the Gu formations, these lakes of poisonous blood would only seep out a little every year, contaminating the surrounding soil.


 In the entire western part of Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan dug hundreds of small blood lakes.


 Why did Fang Yuan do so?


 This related to the connection between heavenly tribulations or earthly calamities and the blessed land.


 Good fortune is hidden within bad, bad fortune lurks within good.


 The deeper the blessed land’s foundation, the greater the fortune, and the stronger the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity, and the more they would target such fortune.


 For instance, the previous earthly calamity of Hu Immortal blessed land, a desolate beast swamp crab carrying gruel mud Immortal Gu, was targeted at the most valuable part of Hu Immortal blessed land – Dang Hun mountain. The result was that Dang Hun mountain gradually started turning into a pile of gruel mud, it was barely rescued by Fang Yuan from its death.


 Heaven was fair and paid attention to balance. If you had a special superiority in one aspect and attracted heaven’s envy, the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity would weaken you. Naturally, there were too many types of tribulations and calamities, this rule was not absolute and one could only say that the probability was high.


 This was the embodiment of ‘bad fortune lurks within good’.


 After the swamp crab earthly calamity, Hu Immortal blessed land had, in fact, gained large amounts of enslavement path dao marks as well as small amounts of earth path dao marks.


 The higher the enslavement path dao marks, the easier it was to control the living beings raised in the blessed land and the higher their reproduction. Rockmen, hairy men, fox groups, wolf groups, fish groups and so on were among this list.


 This was the most superior aspect of Hu Immortal blessed land, after all, the original owner, Hu Immortal, was an enslavement path Gu Immortal. Among the dao marks increased after every tribulation and calamity, the highest quantity would be in enslavement path dao marks.


 Besides enslavement path, there were a small number of earth path dao marks. These dao marks could increase the fertility of the soil in Hu Immortal blessed land, the ground would become more firm and could absorb even more earth qi, and support Dang Hun mountain.


 These dao marks could not be inspected with ordinary methods. They merged into Hu Immortal blessed land and comprehensively were built into this small world, making it more outstanding.


 And this was the embodiment of ‘good fortune lies within bad’.


 Heaven and earth targeted Dang Hun mountain, creating the swamp crab earthly calamity. But after the tribulation, Hu Immortal blessed land had obtained benefits, the earth path dao marks increased, which instead caused the mountain to be better suited for the blessed land.


 And this earthly calamity was blood poison kerria flowers. Fang Yuan inwardly guessed that this was probably sent by heaven and earth in relation to his blood path grandmaster attainment level.


 After getting past this calamity, Hu Immortal blessed land once again gained a large amount of dao marks. Enslavement path dao marks were still the highest in quantity, further enhancing Hu Immortal blessed land’s specialty. At the same time, there was also many blood path dao marks.


 The appearance of the blood path dao marks undoubtedly changed Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The mutation of blue jade carps into blood jade carps was only one manifestation of this. After Fang Yuan spent a lot of effort and energy to remove the top layer of soil in Hu Immortal blessed land, the layer of soil exposed below already had large quantities of tender grass and exquisite flower buds growing.


 The grass was called blood sickle grass and after completely maturing, the stalks would be bent like sickles, broad and with edges as sharp as a knife.


 And the flowers were called red axe flowers. The petals were like axe blades, they were white but gave off a hint of red light.


 Regarding both blood sickle grass and red axe flowers, they were excellent Gu refinement materials, although not immortal materials, they could be used to refine rank three mortal Gu.


 Once the blood sickle grass and red axe flowers that were all over Hu Immortal blessed land matured, they would be in astonishing quantity and act as a good source of wealth.


 And this wealth was actually given by the last earthly calamity to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 In fact, there were many kinds of grass and flowers grown in Hu Immortal blessed land previously, like blue degree grass which was both blue and poisonous, water chestnut grass which were shaped like chestnuts, six divine grass which looked like six thin leaves with the feeling of jade. And also the seven treasure flower which was in seven colors, and the cup-shaped milk tea flower, filled with nectar that was like milk tea.


 However, these flowers and grasses could at most be used to refine rank one and rank two mortal Gu. Their value was far lower than blood sickle grass and red axe flowers.


 The poisonous blood had seeped into the soil, changing a portion of the root systems and seeds of these flowers and grasses into the seeds of blood sickle grass and red axe flowers. The key point was that the addition of blood path dao marks remodeled Hu Immortal blessed land’s environment, which created the foundation for blood sickle grass and red axe flowers to grow.


 Rank six Gu Immortals experience an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every one hundred years. After three hundred years, facing a total of thirty earthly calamities and three heavenly tribulations, they could advance to a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 Earthly calamities were weaker than heavenly tribulations, every calamity and tribulation was a difficult test from heaven, they were filled with dangers but also filled with opportunities.


 The newly added dao marks would reform the world of the blessed land to produce even more valuable resources. These resources provided the supplies required for the Gu Immortals to cultivate.


 In the beginning, Hu Immortal could only plant large numbers of ordinary grasses and flowers in the blessed land. At that time, the soil was weak, there was no water and no wind, blue degree grass and chestnut grass would not be able to survive in this environment.


 After several earthly calamities, the flowers and grasses withered and died out several times. Hu Immortal suffered great losses, but got new additions of wood path dao marks and earth path dao marks.


 Because of the fire calamity, the blessed land gained fire path dao marks. Through the water calamity, there were water path dao marks.


 With these dao marks, Hu Immortal blessed land’s environment was remodeled, Hu Immortal could then plant blue degree grass, chestnut grass, six divine grass, milk tea flowers and so on.


 Although blessed lands were able to improve greatly with these opportunities, every earthly calamity would cause losses which would test the Gu Immortal’s management ability.


 Hu Immortal weakened time and time again, her strength constantly fell, and while facing the fifth earthly calamity, she died at the hands of the blue charm lightning shadow.


 After Fang Yuan inherited the blessed land, he was barely able to pass the sixth calamity, the desolate beast swamp crab calamity. Now, Hu Immortal blessed land had already passed seven earthly calamities.


 With this last earthly calamity, Hu Immortal blessed land gained blood path dao marks, producing a living environment for blood sickle grass and red axe flowers.


 Experienced farmers knew what to plant in particular kinds of soil to get the best harvest. Fang Yuan managed the blessed land in accordance with the conditions, developing the strong points and avoiding the weak points. He did not let Tai Bai Yun Sheng use Landscape as Before, instead digging the poisonous blood lakes for this reason.


 “In fact, it is not only these flowers and grass, with these blood path dao marks, I can raise blood stripe foxes. The blood stripe fox’s reproduction rate is higher than any of the fox groups raised in Hu Immortal blessed land earlier. The annual yield would be even greater and if I buy some knowledge and experiences in raising blood stripe foxes, with some good luck, I might be able to turn them into a small source of income.”


 However, blood stripe foxes were partway up the food chain, Fang Yuan would have to bring in some blood stripe rabbits to feed them.


 Then what would blood stripe rabbits eat? It would be blood sickle grass.


 Thus, Fang Yuan put in great effort to dig so many poisonous blood lakes, it was to use this poisonous blood as nutrition. Under the control of the Gu formations, they would seep into the soil and constantly nourish the growth of blood sickle grass and red axe flowers.


 To provide beneficial competition for the blood stripe foxes, Fang Yuan also planned to buy some poison beard wolves. Previously, Hu Immortal blessed land was not suitable for the growth of these poison beard wolves. But with the contamination of poisonous blood now, Fang Yuan could raise some poison beard wolves.


 There was no need for a lot of poison beard wolves, he only required a small number of them to form a catfish effect with the blood stripe foxes.


 Fang Yuan was very busy, it was as if he was running around to and fro.


 Time flies quickly when one was busy.


 Almost in an instant, over half a month had passed by in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s project of remodeling Hu Immortal blessed land finally came to an end.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was changed beyond recognition.


 In the eastern part, dragon scale lake and jade root lake mutually enhanced each other’s beauty, with many small lakes and pools in the surroundings. The lakes contained dragonfish, air bubble fish, blood jade carps and blue jade carps. Beside the lakes were some numbers of shark fin wolves, water wolves and earth skin pigs.


 In the western part, the number of lakes had increased sharply, surpassing the eastern part. The center of the western part was fully occupied by the charcoal lake.


 Every set interval of distance was a small poisonous blood lake. Hundreds of blood lakes were evenly spread over the western part, looking from a bird’s eye view, it was a magnificent spectacle. Not long later, there would be fields of blood sickle grass and seas of red axe flowers here. There were small quantities of blood stripe rabbits, poison beard wolves and blood stripe foxes living here. But blood stripe foxes were being constantly drawn in from the outside world, and their numbers were increasing day by day.


 Something that was worth mentioning was the desolate beast giant horned sheep, it was also placed here to prevent the desolate beast shark fin wolf in the eastern part from hunting it.



***
Chapter 827 - Fang Zheng Wakes Up


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the southern part of Hu Immortal blessed land, a small portion of rockmen were still hibernating underground. Because large numbers of blood poison kerria flowers had spawned and died in their tunnels, the underground homes of these rockmen would produce bloodstone ores after tens of years. The underground cave that hid wisdom Gu was, however, restored with Landscape as Before. The zhi forest was looking weak, but it did not need to be cured and could dispel the poison on its own, there was even a certain chance of producing a blood zhi forest.


 The northern part of the blessed land, where the terrain was narrow and the area smaller, was set up as a breeding ground for regretful spiders.


 In the center of the blessed land was Dang Hun mountain. Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul was locked up in Dang Hun palace, along with the remaining dozens of Dong Fang tribesmen. Large numbers of immortal materials were placed in storerooms. Five thousand kilograms of oil water, the giant dead egg of the worldly sand gull and large numbers of airsac Gu were also kept in stock. Near Dang Hun mountain were the three Fang Yuan stone nests, where many hairy man slaves lived and refined Gu without stopping. As for the small batch of mirror willows, they were already dead. The beggar moths which ate mirror willow leaves as food no longer had any use, and were sold off.


 By now, the three large scale resource points — eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders and dragonfish — were truly established. Instead of just storing them like before, this development ensured that the three resource points could grow and multiply in numbers, and be sold for profit.


 However, at present, these three resources points were still being built up in scale and could not be put into the market immediately.


 There were also large numbers of airsac Gu in Dang Hun palace’s storage. But Fang Yuan could not put them in the market all at once and make huge profits, with Immortal Crane Sect still eyeing Hu Immortal blessed land. The less attention it received, the better. Selling them slowly could decrease the risks and allow the profits to come steadily.


 The second day after Hu Immortal blessed land was restored, Tai Bai Yun Sheng bade his farewell to Fang Yuan.


 He had put in a lot of effort during this time period. Without his help, Fang Yuan would require half a month longer to complete such a large project.


 He had not only spent a lot of effort, but also lent some immortal essence stones to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not have much immortal essence stones and he lacked capital during the initial investment of the renovation. Tai Bai Yun Sheng gave him some immortal essence stones to make up for this shortage.


 Speaking of which, among the four who signed the Snowy Mountain Alliance, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the richest at present.


 He had made good progress in Eastern Sea, importing large numbers of resources into his immortal aperture, which caused his immortal aperture’s foundation to be unable to keep up, the earth qi became lacking in quantity and there was instability. Just now, Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned to Hu Immortal blessed land not only to help Fang Yuan, but also for another purpose, to return to Northern Plains, place his blessed land down, absorb earth qi and also face the earthly calamity.


 However, it was not yet the time for the earthly calamity to appear and absorbing earth qi also required some time. When the earthly calamity struck, Fang Yuan would also have to help Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng left Hu Immortal blessed land, Hei Lou Lan, however, remained behind.


 Soon, Fang Yuan also left Hu Immortal blessed land to go to Central Continent.


 It was because Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention was about to start!


 Central Continent, Fei He mountain, Immortal Crane Sect.


 Clouds and fog lingered around this floating mountain, with cranes flying in between the pine forests.


 In an underground secret room in Immortal Crane Sect, it was damp and dark, and the walls were covered in moss. Besides a stone bed in the room, there was no other furniture.


 On the stone bed, a young Gu Master was lying down, his face was pale as paper but there were no injuries on his body, as if he was in a coma.


 It was Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 A Gu worm lied motionless on Fang Zheng’s chest.


 Suddenly, a faint light flashed in the stone room, before a Gu Immortal appeared.


 His wide sleeves were swaying, he looked like a young man with a handsome appearance. Most eye-catching of all were his eyebrows, they were green and long, reaching down to his waist. Under the eyebrows, his gaze was dark and eerie.


 “Lord He Feng Yang!” The Gu worm lying on Fang Zheng’s chest immediately moved its wings and flew up, excitedly greeting the newcomer.


 This Gu worm was the spirit incubating flea that contained Lord Sky Crane’s soul.


 “Lord, please heal Fang Zheng’s soul, please awaken my disciple.” Lord Sky Crane implored.


 “Sky Crane, is your decision still this...” He Feng Yang sighed, feeling somewhat disappointed. Why did he want Lord Sky Crane to revive using possession?


 It was because Lord Sky Crane was originally his subordinate and had handled many matters for him. His background and origin was clear, and he was quite capable himself. On the contrary, Gu Yue Fang Zheng was too young, and had been forced to sacrifice himself, if he happened to hold a grievance against Immortal Crane Sect, that would not be a pleasing scenario.


 “Sky Crane, do you know that the possession technique our Immortal Crane Sect obtained now can be considered perfect and is extremely outstanding? If you had done possession previously, perhaps the body and soul would not match and leave behind side-effects. But with this possession technique, it will be like you were born that way, the body and soul would blend together and match each other. There is not even a slight amount of shortcomings. This is your luck, you can be reborn and regain the glory you once had. Heaven is bestowing you with this opportunity, why do you not want to take it?” He Feng Yang persuaded.


 “Lord...” The spirit incubating flea flapped its wings, and said in a quiet voice, “Please forgive me for being obstinate. Fang Zheng, he is my disciple. He resembles my past self, and this future belongs to him. If I possess him, I won’t be able to face myself, to face my inner feelings. Please think of the many years of my servitude to you, and help me, lord.”


 “You!” He Feng Yang was starting to get angry.


 Nothing was going like he wanted recently. To save the nine palace crane, Little Jiu, he had requested help from various people and spent large amounts of wealth, but it still was not showing much effect.


 Now, even his former subordinate was acting willfully and disregarding his persuasion, everything was going wrong!


 This possession technique was powerful but it had a condition. It could not be used rashly and it was best to let the soul be in contact with the possession target’s body for a long period of time before this technique was used.


 Lord Sky Crane had intended to possess Fang Zheng, thus had placed the spirit incubating flea in Fang Zheng’s aperture. So much time had passed already, the condition for possession was already fulfilled, but Lord Sky Crane had now changed his decision.


 This also meant that if Lord Sky Crane wanted to possess others, he would not be able to do so in a short period of time. His soul would need to be in contact with the body of the possession target for a long time.


 As for Dong Fang Chang Fan possessing Dong Fang Yu Liang, he had secretly stored a part of his soul in Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body. His methods were so ingenious that Dong Fang Yu Liang had not sensed anything wrong.


 He Feng Yang was not feeling good these days, he was feeling frustrated and agitated, and wanted to berate Lord Sky Crane.


 But in the end, he did not speak out the words in his thoughts, because he could not help but associate his own situation with Lord Sky Crane’s.


 Wasn’t he also like Lord Sky Crane earlier?


 To save Little Jiu, he was determined to follow his own way and was even willing to sacrifice himself. Back then, when he was facing the hopeless situation, if not for Immortal Crane Sect’s third supreme elder, Lord Tiger Demon helping him, there would not be He Feng Yang in the present.


 He Feng Yang heaved a deep sigh: “Alright, alright. Since you are determined to do this, I, He Feng Yang, shall help you. This is the compensation for all the work you have done me. If later, you want to undergo possession and request me to help, it won’t be free.”


 He Feng Yang then waved his large sleeve, brushing it past Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s face.


 After this movement finished, He Feng Yang disappeared from the spot.


 Several breaths of time later, Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s soul became as firm as before, and he woke up from his coma.


 “You are awake!” The spirit incubating flea fluttered towards his eyes.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was dazed: “Mas... Master, where are we?”


 “Of course we’re in Immortal Crane Sect, foolish disciple.” Lord Sky Crane laughed heartily.


 “Why am I here?” Gu Yue Fang Zheng was still in confusion, mumbling. Suddenly, he shivered, a terrified expression appearing on his face.


 He thought of that blood pool, the terrifying memory of blood vines growing over his body when he looked into Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Aaaahh!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng screamed and subconsciously leaped back.


 The back of his head struck the firm stone wall, his raised head lowered down as he fell unconscious.


 Lord Sky Crane: “...”


 Three days later.


 Immortal Crane Sect officially announced the news of Gu Yue Fang Zheng waking up.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng appeared in front of the disciples again, outrageously having rank five cultivation.


 In the morning class, Immortal Crane Sect’s leader publicly announced Gu Yue Fang Zheng as an elder of Immortal Crane Sect.


 For a while, the whole sect was in shock!


 The former rivals of Fang Zheng, like Sun Yuan Hua and others, were dumbstruck, disciples and elite disciples were in a clamor, and elders also discussed this with each other.


 To assist in capturing Hu Immortal blessed land, Immortal Crane Sect’s Gu Immortals forcibly raised Fang Zheng’s cultivation to rank five. The identity of a disciple was no longer suitable for Fang Zheng.


 Fang Zheng was just adapting to his new status, and was at a loss on what to do.


 When he walked around the sect, every disciple he met would bow to him in greeting, among them were many elite disciples older than him.


 Sometimes he would see his past rivals like Sun Yuan Hua, they would also pay respects to him. Many beautiful female disciples frequently flocked around Fang Zheng, some looked at him with watery eyes, while some sweetly called him Elder Fang Zheng.


 Compared to other elders, Fang Yuan was extremely young, it could be said that he was unique. Like stories of legends, he attracted the attention of many female disciples, some even forming crushes on him.


 Even Fang Zheng himself forgot his identity sometimes when he saw other elders, and would bow to these elders like a disciple. And each time this happened, the situation would turn awkward.


 Fortunately, Fang Zheng had Lord Sky Crane with him. Immortal Crane Sect’s leader also occasionally called him over to ask about his well-being and if he was facing any problems, making him feel overwhelmed from the attention and favor.


 What made Gu Yue Fang Zheng even more happy was that the sect’s benefits to elders were tens of times greater than the treatment received by disciples.


 Lord Sky Crane could faintly see the intention behind this.


 Previously, the sect’s higher-ups intentionally sacrificed Fang Zheng, using his life to increase the possibility of capturing Hu Immortal blessed land. Right now, they were showering him with status and perks, to restore his loyalty to the sect.


 In the end, Fang Zheng was not Fang Yuan, he was too young and had scant life experience, not having even the slightest sensation of this intention.


 In fact, he had no complaints towards Immortal Crane Sect, and after becoming an elder, he had even more of a sense of belonging to Immortal Crane Sect.


 As for the terrifying memory of looking into Hu Immortal blessed land, he was subconsciously evading it, not wanting to recall it. It was only that sometimes, deep into nights, he would dream of the scene in the blood pool, recall the pain and suffering, and wake up with his body filled with cold sweat.



***
Chapter 828 - Five Virtues Mountain, Five Virtues Sect


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On this day, Fang Zheng was returning after listening to another elder’s public lecture, when he was obstructed by a disciple called Shi Hong.


 “Elder Fang Zheng.” Shi Hong bowed in greeting.


 Fang Zheng returned the greeting, but felt somewhat awkward inwardly. This elite disciple, Shi Hong, was older than Fang Zheng, and had originally been a senior disciple several generations above Fang Zheng.


 “I would like to receive guidance from Elder Fang Zheng. One of the four entry tasks for the current Refinement Path Convention pertains to refining earth treasury flower Gu. The third last step of refining this Gu requires the use of upstream grass, matched with zen lion’s mane, supplemented by the Gu refinement method. But this disciple has always failed in this step, I would like to know what the correct Gu refinement method for this is?”


 “This.....” Fang Zheng was stupefied, and hesitated. His main cultivation path was enslavement path, and his battle strength when controlling cranes were at an outstanding level among mortal Gu Masters. But he had entirely no understanding of refinement path.


 Fortunately, he had the spirit incubating flea, from which Lord Sky Crane transmitted the answer.


 Fang Zheng replied: “This Gu refinement technique is called ‘one after another’. Its purpose is to entwine every stalk of the upstream grass with every strand of the zen lion’s mane. To refine earth treasury flower Gu, you must weave together a hundred stalks and strands within thirty breaths of time. If you go beyond this time, the fire from the Gu refinement will burn these stalks and strands to ashes. Thus, if you are not familiar with this method, you will easily fail in this refinement.”


 Fang Zheng repeated the words of Lord Sky Crane, and the more he spoke, the calmer he became. After explaining this, he then went to explain on how to practice the ‘one after another’ Gu refinement technique.


 Shi Hong’s expression slightly changed, showing astonishment before hurriedly bowing in thanks: “Many thanks for Elder Fang Zheng’s guidance, I have learned a lot.”


 “Do you still have anything you don’t understand?” Fang Zheng smiled, getting addicted to this feeling of teaching.


 “There is no more, no more. This disciple shall take his leave!” Shi Hong bowed, and left.


 After the two parted ways, Fang Zheng walked for a while before suddenly starting to slow down.


 He frowned and came to a realization: “This Shi Hong did not come to truly ask for advice, it feels like the other way around, like he was intentionally trying to create difficulties for me.”


 “Hehe, you noticed it? Good, good.” Lord Sky Crane smiled.


 Fang Zheng inwardly shouted: “Master, you already knew!”


 “Nonsense, your background is extremely easy to probe, your age is also openly on display. Everyone knows you don’t cultivate refinement path, Shi Hong, however, intentionally asked such a question, what could it be if not about trying to give you trouble?”


 Lord Sky Crane paused here, before asking Fang Zheng: “Do you know why he was trying to create difficulties for you?”


 “Why?” Fang Zheng did not understand.


 Lord Sky Crane smiled brightly as he explained the reason: “Because Shi Hong likes a female disciple called Yi Yue. And this Yi Yue is Elder Yan Tang’s daughter. Elder Yan Tang is weak, he is sidelined in Immortal Crane Sect, and has had difficulties. He plans to betroth his daughter to you to form a connection, an alliance of benefits with you, the youngest elder in the history of Immortal Crane Sect. Otherwise, why would he repeatedly invite you for drinking? Moreover, intentionally arrange his daughter to sit together with you every time?”


 “Ahh.” Fang Zheng exclaimed as he realized only at this point. He could not help but recall the beautiful appearance of Yi Yue sitting beside him, and warmly serving him dishes. Also how she frequently proposed a toast to Fang Zheng, and how after few sips of alcohol, her face would flush red, which made her even more attractive.


 “Do you remember now? Hahaha, foolish boy!” Lord Sky Crane was happy to see Fang Zheng looking dazed. Clearly, the spirit of gossip was commonly held between men and woman, the old and young, and even the living and dead.


 Fang Zheng helplessly sighed, shaking his head and saying in a weary voice: “Schemes and benefits again, I really don’t like them. From now on, I shall refuse Elder Yan Tang’s invitation. I am also an elder like him anyway, refusing shouldn’t be considered rude.”


 “Foolish boy, which organization in this world is not held together by benefits? True feelings of warmth do exist, but they are rare, which makes them even more valuable.” Lord Sky Crane sighed with emotions, “Don’t avoid these, and especially don’t refuse Elder Yan Tang’s invitation. Even if you don’t marry his daughter, there is also no need to ruin the relation with him. Because currently, you are even more weak than Elder Yan Tang.”


 “Let’s not talk about this. Master, just now the Refinement Path Convention was mentioned, and recently everyone, both disciples and elders, are talking about it. What is this Refinement Path Convention?” Fang Zheng intentionally changed the topic.


 “It is good that you asked me this and not others. Otherwise, they would look at you as if you were stupid. I will explain it to you properly. This Refinement Path Convention is not a normal event, but a grand occasion that occurs only every one hundred years in Central Continent. That means, without special lifespan prolonging methods, most Gu Masters can only participate once in their lifetimes.” Lord Sky Crane explained.


 “Refinement Path Convention, is it an event of refinement path Gu Masters?”


 “Not exactly. The cultivation of Gu Masters involves three aspects – nurture, use, and refinement. The Refinement Path Convention is not an event where only refinement path Gu Masters can participate, as long as you have skill in the Gu refinement aspect, or experience and insight, you can participate.”


 Lord Sky Crane continued: “The scale of this grand event is unprecedented, it is the biggest refinement path event in the world. Hundreds of thousands of Gu Masters participate in every Refinement Path Convention, they come from all sizes of sects in Central Continent. Even Gu Masters from Eastern Sea, Western Desert, Southern Border and Northern Plains will appear.”


 “Southern Border...” A wisp of emotion rose up in Fang Zheng and he could not help but recall Qing Mao Mountain.


 He asked, after a moment: “Then what are the four entry tasks Shi Hong mentioned?”


 Lord Sky Crane spoke everything he knew without reservation: “The so-called four entry tasks can be said to be qualifications for entering. Any Gu Master, no matter who they are, will refine Gu sometimes in their cultivation journey. The Refinement Path Convention has generous rewards which attract countless Gu Masters to participate. If there were not some tests set up, then there would be way too many incompetent people wanting to try their luck. Thus, the four entry tasks were created, to distinguish the truly skilled ones and those with refinement path attainment.”


 “That is to say, one must finish the four entry tasks if they want to participate in the Refinement Path Convention.” Fang Zheng came to a realization.


 “Hehehe.” Lord Sky Crane chuckled, “Actually, these four entry tasks test the basic skills of Gu refinement. Usually, any Gu Master with certain experience can pass it.”


 Fang Zheng was startled: “Master, I can’t pass it.”


 “No problem, with my guidance, if you train crazily in this period of time, you can also succeed.”


 “Truly? My vision will be expanded!” Fang Zheng was joyous.


 Central Continent, Five Virtues Mountain.


 Streams of people were busily moving around Five Virtues Mountain.


 Five Virtues Mountain was not tall. It was located in the eastern part of Central Continent and was the base of a middle sized sect – Five Virtues Sect.


 Five Virtues Sect was considered a large influence within the surroundings. Its background was profound, in the past, the leader of Five Virtues Sect had been an elder of Heavenly Lotus Sect. Heavenly Lotus Sect was one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, a super force. Thus, although Five Virtues Sect had not been established for long, it was able to develop smoothly, and the established forces in the surroundings did not dare to sideline or suppress it.


 Fang Yuan, disguised as a mortal Gu Master, was mixed in the stream of people, slowly moving up Five Virtues Mountain.


 He was covered in a black robe, his physique was average, not tall, not short, not fat, not thin. He covered his face with a mask and his head with a rain hat, the brim of the hat was low and its shade under the sunlight covered even Fang Yuan’s shoulders.


 But this disguise was not conspicuous in the stream of people. A lot of people’s disguises were even more excessive than his.


 Following the slow stream of people, Fang Yuan arrived in front of Five Virtues Sect’s entrance.


 This tall entrance had an archway of sixteen huge columns, was about ten meters wide and taller than a five storey building. On a plaque atop the entrance were three giant words shining with golden light – Five Virtues Sect. Under the archway of the entrance were six magnificent stone lion statues.


 Behind the entrance was a wide staircase paved using the finest blue jade stones, it was like a blue river leisurely moving up Five Virtues Mountain.


 The stairs were under the shade of green and verdant trees beside them. Winds of the mountain occasionally blew over, bringing cool sensations with them.


 People of all walks of life jostled with each other, pushing and squeezing as they moved up the stairs.


 Fang Yuan gazed around, in front of him and towards the left was a group of female Gu Masters with long wavy hair, wearing identical striped dresses, indicating they were probably from the same sect. To his right was a white clothed young master fanning a folding fan, seated on a leopard, and constantly glancing at that group of female Gu Masters.


 To his left, a pair of master and disciple, clothed in shabby clothes, were in the midst of a discussion.


 “Master, there are so many people!” The disciple said with excitement.


 The master chuckled: “There are many people, don’t wander off. My good disciple, you have great talent in refinement path, this is an opportunity for you to make a meteoric rise. You can pass the four entry tests with no difficulty, but you must make sure to get a good position. Only in that way will others change the way they look at you, and fight over each other to recruit you.”


 The disciple proudly smiled: “Master, you can rest assured. I will definitely take first place. With the Gu worm reward of first place, I will treat your illness!”


 The master was about to speak, when suddenly an enormous force pushed him from behind.


 The master was sent rolling on the ground, and the disciple cried out as he hurriedly moved to support his master by the arm.


 “Step aside! Step aside!” A group of five burly men walked over arrogantly.


 Behind them was an old Gu Master, whose gaze shined with a dangerous light, he was sitting comfortably on a chair which was carried by four men in front and behind.


 “The esteemed lord first elder of Flying Frost Sect is here, are you still not making way!” The burly men who were clearing a path shouted.


 “Let’s move, people of Flying Frost Sect are here, we can’t afford to provoke them.”


 “Flying Frost Sect sent their first elder, and are coming with such aggression, they are probably thinking of restoring their face from Five Virtues Sect.”


 “Right, last time, Five Virtues Sect and Flying Frost Sect fought for the mouth of the spring, in the end, Five Virtues Sect barely won, while Flying Frost Sect suffered severe losses.”


 The crowd discussed amongst themselves, and all made way, not wanting to provoke Flying Frost Sect.


 “Damn it, this is going too far!” The disciple supported his master in standing up, and was about to confront them with words.


 “Don’t.” The master was an experienced person, and quickly stopped the young disciple.


 “What kind of force is Flying Frost Sect?” Ahead of Fang Yuan, a male Gu Master asked his companion.


 After he received the answer, the Gu Master snorted disdainfully: “Hmph, the whole sect has only three rank five Gu Masters, this is a joke.”


 His companion quickly advised: “This is Central Continent, it is not Eastern Sea, we are outsiders here, it is better to avoid trouble whenever possible. Alright, enough now.”


 The male Gu Master thought for a moment before finally giving a snort, and without waiting for the Flying Frost Sect’s people, he squeezed into the crowd to the right.


 “What is with you, are you deaf? Make way, I said make way!” The burly men shouted furiously behind Fang Yuan, and tried to drive him away.


 Fang Yuan did not turn around, as if he had heard nothing.


 “Hmm?” The burly men were furious, but their expressions changed immediately, “Rank five cultivation?”


 Fang Yuan was disguised as a rank five Gu Master, and right now, he intentionally leaked out a trace of his aura.


 The burly men were bewildered, but drew back in the end.


 On the bamboo chair, the first elder of Flying Frost Sect, An Han, straightened up and stared at Fang Yuan’s back.


 “Rank five aura... it’s real! Such a disguise is not that of a lone cultivator... demonic Gu Master...” An Han narrowed his eyes, and moved his hand, sending the command, “Are you still not moving around?”


 The burly men immediately changed direction, moving around Fang Yuan towards the front.


 Among mortals, rank five was an existence at the peak, a leader of a force. Even the sect leader of Immortal Crane Sect only had rank five cultivation.


 “This group of cowardly bullies!” The disciple and master converged into the crowd again, the young disciple furiously staring at the receding figures of Flying Frost Sect’s people.


 Shortly afterwards, he looked at Fang Yuan with curiosity, probing and with a slight hint of reverence.


 The white clothed young master on the right folded his fan and got off the leopard, the group of female Gu Masters ahead intentionally stopped, many other Gu Masters stopped as well, and took the initiative to approach Fang Yuan, trying to leave a good impression.


 Rank five Gu Master... if they could build a relationship with such a character...


 Beside the stairs were the Five Virtues Sect disciples in charge of maintaining order, they were hurriedly transmitting messages: “Send the report, there is a rank five Gu Master.”


 Facing these people, Fang Yuan only said one word — “Scram.”


 His tone was calm but his voice carried coldness and ruthlessness.


 The crowd changed expressions, a chill emerging from the bottom of their hearts, why would they still dare to trouble Fang Yuan?


 The young disciple also retracted his gaze in a hurry.


 Fang Yuan restrained his aura again. In a range of three steps around him, there was no one else.



***
Chapter 829 - First Round of Gu Refinement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 As one walked along the path on the mountain, they would arrive at a point part way up it. There was a huge platform here, on the mountain wall, there were the huge words of ‘Disciple Selection Stage’ engraved. Every year, the aptitude of the disciples who had just entered the sect would be tested, and the elders would choose their disciples here.


 But here, the place had been modified roughly.


 There was a simple Gu formation on the ground, it separated the locations into small areas, and on each of them, there was a number.


 Once in a while, the people ahead would move forward by a bit. At the sides of the path, Five Virtues Sect disciples were passing out tokens with numbers on them.


 Fang Yuan took his token, the number on it was sixty-three.


 Walking into the Disciple Selection Stage, after finding the spot numbered sixty-three, he sat down on the ground.


 A while later, when people had finished sitting in the square, an elder of Five Virtues Sect declared: “This Refinement Path Convention has four entry tasks, the test begins now!”


 At the next moment, the hundreds of Gu Masters on the Disciple Selection Stage started showing off their skills.


 Some of their hands were burning with flames, this was a fire refinement method. Some breathed out smoke, it was a smoke refinement method. Some released several ice snakes, the snakes worked together and breathed out cold air, this was an ice refinement method.


 And in Fang Yuan’s hands, dozens of starlight specks were dancing, they were like blue fireflies, flying around him.


 In accordance with the sequence, Fang Yuan placed the Gu refinement materials in, one by one. Fifteen minutes later, he finished all of the tasks and stood up.


 “Such quick speed!” The Five Virtues Sect elder in charge of the event knew about Fang Yuan’s rank five Gu Master identity, he had been paying close attention.


 Even so, when Fang Yuan stood up, this elder showed shock on his face.


 Fang Yuan’s speed was simply too fast. He made no mistakes at all, his technique was extremely skilful and experienced.


 “What, someone already completed it?!” Fang Yuan’s movements attracted the attentions of many Gu Masters who were refining Gu.


 “It is that mysterious rank five Gu Master...” The old master stood outside the stage, seeing Fang Yuan, his pupils shrunk as he looked at his disciple in worry, he prayed inwardly: “Good disciple, please do not get distracted from this and lose your focus.”


 Thankfully, his disciple had been concentrating on refining Gu, he was focused and did not notice the commotion around Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan walked onto the highest platform, as the elder from Five Virtues Sect left his seat and inspected Fang Yuan’s four Gu worms.


 “No negative conditions, the Gu worms look like they are well fed and in good shape.” The Five Virtues Sect elder was secretly shocked, after inspecting them, he cupped his fists at Fang Yuan, saying warmly: “Lord, please come this way into the mountain.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, slowly walking and leaving the Disciple Selection Stage.


 “No way, is this possible?”


 “Someone actually got through using less than one third of the time...”


 “Such high refinement path attainment!”


 The people outside were talking among themselves, among the Gu Masters who were refining Gu, some were so shocked that their minds wavered, causing their Gu refinement to fail.


 Fang Yuan was here to join the Refinement Path Convention, he did not need to hide his skill. He was a Gu Immortal, after all, he did not need to conceal his ability.


 He walked up the mountain and after a while, an elder from Five Virtues Sect welcomed him: “Sir, please hold on...”


 The elder was about to speak but Fang Yuan waved his hand, interrupting him: “I know your intention. I have no interest. Just this mere Five Virtues Sect cannot accommodate me.”


 The elder was stunned before rage flashed on his face.


 He came here with the sect leader’s orders to try and recruit Fang Yuan, to invite him to be an external elder in the sect.


 In truth, Five Virtues Sect became one of the signing up locations for the Refinement Path Convention in order to recruit some talents.


 With Fang Yuan’s rank five cultivation level, Five Virtues Sect was paying great attention to him. With the refinement path attainment that he displayed, even the Five Virtues Sect Leader was shocked, how could he let such a talented person go? Thus, he ordered this elder to come and negotiate.


 But before this elder even spoke about his intentions, Fang Yuan rejected him.


 Being mercilessly rejected like this made the elder embarrassed.


 “What else do you want?” Fang Yuan looked at him coldly.


 The elder’s face turned purple, he snorted coldly: “Sir, you actually are looking down on our Five Virtues Sect, aren’t you being too arrogant?”


 “You want to duel me?” Fang Yuan’s voice was cold.


 The elder’s anger subsided, he looked at Fang Yuan deeply: “Good, good, good, sir, you think highly of yourself, I am sure you can obtain a good position in the Refinement Path Convention. My Five Virtues Sect will be waiting to watch it!”


 Saying so, he waved his sleeves and left.


 Fang Yuan felt indifferent, he continued moving forward, he came to a cliff and arrived at the wood virtue hall.


 This hall was hidden in the woods, it was green and mixed in with the grass and trees in the surroundings.


 Fang Yuan walked into the hall, there were many tables and chairs inside, elite disciples of Five Virtues Sect were managing the place. Seeing Fang Yuan’s arrival, a disciple went up: “Senior, may I ask for your name, sect, and main Gu Master cultivation path.”


 Fang Yuan replied: “My name is Fang Yuan, my sect will be kept as a secret, my main path will be kept as a secret.”


 “Oh... okay, senior, please pay a hundred primeval stones as the sign up fee. This fee will be used in...”


 Before the disciple finished his words, Fang Yuan tossed him the primeval stones that he had prepared.


 The disciple caught it flurriedly, before saying politely: “Please wait a moment.”


 A short while later, Fang Yuan obtained a token.


 On the token, the words ‘Fang Yuan’ were written, at the back, there was a line of words: Sect hidden, path hidden, signed up at Five Virtues Sect. At the end, there was the time of signing up.


 “Senior, please take good care of this token. If you lose it, you should get a replacement as soon as possible, otherwise you will not be able to join the Refinement Path Convention. Please continue on your way up the mountain, the fire virtue hall has the first round of the refinement competition. Only after senior passes this round can you join the second round.” The disciple explained patiently.


 Fang Yuan took the token and left the wood virtue hall.


 By now, the sign up process was over.


 Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention was created by the ten great ancient sects, but secretly, Heavenly Court was supporting it.


 The Refinement Path Convention was of a huge scale, there were hundreds of sign up locations all over Central Continent. Most of them were sects similar to Five Virtues Sect, having abundant strength and being closely linked to the ten great ancient sects, or simply one of their representatives.


 Fang Yuan wanted to join the Refinement Path Convention, he had to sign up at one of these locations. By refining Gu on the spot, and completing the four tasks, he would have the qualifications to sign up and receive the token.


 Because there were many demonic path Gu Masters signing up for the Refinement Path Convention, and even Gu Masters from the other four regions, the details for signing up were very flexible. Names could be made up, sects and paths did not need to be stated, the only important thing was the token itself.


 There was also a group of special Gu Masters.


 These people were either in sects or they themselves had obtained a good position in the previous Refinement Path Convention, thus they could join the Refinement Path Convention automatically.


 For example, Hong Yi was such a case.


 He was in Universal Life Academy, which had obtained a placing near the end of the list a hundred years ago in the Refinement Path Convention. This gave them three spots to join the Refinement Path Convention automatically.


 What was worth noting was that this treatment was only for Central Continent Gu Masters, as well as Central Continent sects.


 After all, this Refinement Path Convention was held by the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, they would favor their own region.


 Of course, Immortal Crane Sect had a larger number of spots, but Fang Yuan was only in a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect, if he really went for it, it would be troublesome. Fang Zheng however, was different.


 A portion of the spots that the sects had were distributed to disciples and elite disciples, while the other portion went to elders.


 Fang Zheng was now an elder of Immortal Crane Sect, he could not compete with the disciples for the spot. His refinement path attainment was very low as well, he could not beat other elders.


 Immortal Crane Sect naturally gave the free spots to those with deep foundation in Gu refinement, those Gu Masters that could defend Immortal Crane Sect’s prestige in the Refinement Path Convention.


 Thus, be it Fang Zheng or Fang Yuan, they had to sign up themselves.


 Fang Yuan held the token and walked up the mountain, entering the fire virtue hall.


 This was the first round of the competition in the Refinement Path Convention.


 If his results were bad, he would not be able to join the second round.


 Fang Yuan went in and was informed of the Gu refinement details.


 “In thirty minutes, I have to refine the rank one water light Gu, at least a hundred of them to pass and enter the second round. Refining a hundred and fifty would reward me with five kilograms of phantom shadow petals, a hundred and eighty would get me six basins of rootless water, two hundred would get me ten pieces of thunder strike wood... two hundred and forty is third place, two hundred and sixty is second place, and two hundred and seventy-six is first place, I would get the rank four healing Gu worm that is good at relieving heat toxins, green shine Gu.”


 Fang Yuan thought in his mind.


 This first round’s difficulty was higher than the first four entry tasks.


 But it should not trouble most of the Gu Masters.


 Because they only had to refine a hundred water light Gu to pass and move on to the second round. The rewards for refining a larger number, though, was quite tempting to these Gu Masters.


 First place would obtain a rank four Gu worm, green shine Gu.


 Rank four Gu were often something that only the elder of a large force, or the leader of a small force would have.


 Regarding Fang Yuan, he could buy green shine Gu in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan’s status was too high, these rewards had no attraction to him. But what he found interesting was the challenge of these tasks.


 “The materials for Gu refinement are provided beforehand, I can use them for free. They also gave the recipe for water light Gu, and I can follow it casually. But even if I go all out and use the water refinement technique, I can only refine two hundred and fifty of them. This result is only third place. But here in Five Virtues Sect, the third place position has already been taken.”


 In regards to this, it was first come, first served.


 Once the conditions for the first three positions had been fulfilled, no matter how well someone who came later performed, it was useless.


 In other words, if Fang Yuan wanted to leave his name on the board, he would have to get first or second.


 “Actually, it is not impossible to get first place. I can add in expensive materials and increase the production of Gu worms. Water light Gu is only a rank one Gu, if I use rank two or rank three materials, the production would be higher. But I will have to bear the expenses myself. I can also modify the Gu recipe, with my wisdom path inheritance, I can easily modify this Gu recipe without wisdom Gu’s help. But that way, wouldn’t I lose the fun of a challenge? Hmm... maybe I can try a water-fire refinement technique. Since water light Gu is a water path Gu, people usually use water refinement or ice refinement for it. I can do the opposite and use fire refinement, there might be an unexpected result!”



***
Chapter 830 - Red Lotus Demon Venerables Inheritance Clues


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan had a sudden inspiration, he thought of a great method.


 The Gu recipe was given, but Gu Masters could refine the Gu using their own techniques. For example, to fuse two materials, they can use fire to melt them into one, but they could also use water to fuse them together as another method.


 Two different methods would be able to achieve the same results.


 Thirty minutes later, Fang Yuan’s name was on the first place spot, and he obtained green shine Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not practice this water-fire refinement method much, but the difficulty of refining water light Gu was too low, even with his rusty technique, he refined two hundred and seventy-seven. He was one Gu above the criteria for first place.


 Fang Yuan’s exemplary performance made the sect leader of Five Virtues Sect come personally and greet him, apologizing for the poor attitude of that elder. Next, the sect leader vaguely hinted that he wanted to recruit Fang Yuan in a very tactful tone.


 Fang Yuan rejected him directly, but this sect leader was not upset, he became even more polite as he sent Fang Yuan out, causing everyone around them to look on with much surprise.


 To be able to get first place, this proved that his refinement path attainment was not low.


 Regardless of his cultivation level, he would be welcomed and recruited by many forces. With just his refinement path attainment, Fang Yuan had the foundation to go anywhere in the mortal world and live in the lap of luxury.


 Furthermore, didn’t Fang Yuan have rank five cultivation level?


 Thus, the leader of Five Virtues Sect did not dare to offend Fang Yuan, he was very polite. Evidently, not only did this sect leader have a strong background, he even had good foresight, he could adapt to circumstances and place himself lowly, it was no wonder he could create a force like Five Virtues Sect.


 But he would never guess that Fang Yuan was an immortal!


 Compared to the endless number of mortals, immortals were too rare.


 The leader of Five Virtues Sect had been overly worried, with Fang Yuan’s personality, even if that elder said worse things, Fang Yuan would be unmoved.


 As long as they did not obstruct his path to eternal life, whether they scolded or praised him, Fang Yuan would not care about it at all, these were all just pointless talk.


 There was still some time until the second round.


 Fang Yuan left Five Virtues Sect and returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 He stayed in Central Continent for one day, while three days and two nights had passed in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Master, master, the thing you wanted earlier, I’ve prepared it already.” The moment Fang Yuan returned, Little Hu Immortal appeared, bringing him good news with an expression of ‘please praise me’ written on her face.


 “Very good.” Fang Yuan patted Little Hu Immortal’s head, she was very happy, her eyes closed and relaxed.


 Fang Yuan told the land spirit to prepare some mortal Gu worms, some were bought from treasure yellow heaven, while the others were refined by the hairy men in the stone nests.


 Taking these mortal Gu, Fang Yuan mobilized a small amount of star will, they flew out of his mind, into his immortal aperture.


 In his immortal aperture, Mo Yao’s fake will was imprisoned.


 “Fang Yuan? What will is this?” Seeing Fang Yuan’s arrival, Mo Yao’s fake will felt something amiss.


 Fang Yuan’s star will laughed, he did not speak but pounced at her.


 Mo Yao’s will could not dodge in time, bang, the two wills collided, entangling with each other.


 Mo Yao shouted in shock, she wanted to break free, she tried retreating.


 “Where are you going?” Fang Yuan sneered, at his direction, several Gu worms flew out, forming a mortal killer move as they froze Mo Yao’s fake will in her place.


 “Fang Yuan, you have to think it through! Ordinary wisdom path methods cannot control me!! If you force me to my limits, both of us will suffer!” Mo Yao’s fake will was immobilized, but she could still speak while under the attack of Fang Yuan’s star will.


 Not only that, Mo Yao’s fake will was escaping like liquid water, she got the edge over Fang Yuan’s star will as she tried to form into a human shape again.


 One could see that in this battle of wills, Mo Yao’s will had the advantage, her experience far surpassed Fang Yuan’s.


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious upon seeing this, he willed and some more Gu worms flew out and formed a mortal killer move.


 This killer move turned into a five-edged diamond, it attacked and scattered Mo Yao’s fake will.


 Fang Yuan’s star will counterattacked.


 Mo Yao’s fake will did not speak, she engaged in battle and tried to defend herself.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan’s third killer move was used, it formed into a starlight spiral as it hit Mo Yao’s fake will.


 Mo Yao’s fake will had lost control of the situation, she had no choice but to fight with Fang Yuan’s star will inside the starlight spiral.


 As they merged, the two wills interacted rapidly.


 Mo Yao’s fake will had countless memory fragments, Fang Yuan’s star will learned about them now. At the same time, the memories in Fang Yuan’s star will were read by Mo Yao’s fake will.


 Amidst their interaction, Mo Yao screamed: “Fang Yuan, you are too foolish! You are too arrogant! In that case, so be it.”


 Saying this, Mo Yao’s fake will shrunk rapidly, she was trying to suicide and destroy herself.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, he had predicted this, he willed and a starlight pillar descended from the sky, onto the starlight spiral.


 In the spiral, Mo Yao’s fake will tried to suicide as the fake will shrunk. But under the starlight’s radiance, fake will was continuously produced.


 In fact, a portion of Fang Yuan’s star will was converting into fake will, replenishing her. This forced Mo Yao’s fake will to be at a certain size, she could not suicide even if she wanted to.


 “Mo Yao, you are too naive. If you had accepted your fate and suicided earlier, I would have no way of stopping you at all. But now, you will die if I want you to, and if I want you to live, you have no way of dying. Be obedient and tell me everything that you know!” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 Mo Yao’s fake will was in despair, Fang Yuan had obtained a method to suppress her so quickly. This was out of her expectations. By now, Mo Yao’s fake will knew that she would have no value to him soon, she knew that she could not escape her fate.


 Just as Fang Yuan had said, if she had suicided earlier, Fang Yuan would not obtain anything.


 But all living beings in this world had their survival instincts. Anyone would want to live, as long as there was hope, even Mo Yao’s will did not want to suicide.


 A moment later, the battle ended in the immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s star will returned with many benefits.


 The remainder of Mo Yao’s will had lost her fighting spirit, she could not even form into a human shape. Fang Yuan had many arrangements and replenished her fake will, so that he could search her will again. The vigilant Fang Yuan also left behind many mortal Gu worms to immobilize Mo Yao’s will, so that she could not suicide.


 Fang Yuan’s star will, which was fighting with Mo Yao, had less than thirty percent of its original mass after coming out. Seventy percent was expended earlier.


 Fang Yuan’s star will flew into the sky, leaving the immortal aperture and flying up into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes, checking the details in the star will.


 Searching souls and searching wills were different.


 Searching souls was directly searching the soul, reading everything in their memories. Searching wills was using one’s own will to forcefully interact with another will. In this process, one had to use many methods to force the other party to comply.


 Those who were not skilled at dealing with wills would have no gains in the end. Against different wills, the methods required were different. Thankfully, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance was very complete, after Fang Yuan studied it, Mo Yao’s will, which he had difficulty dealing with earlier, was meat on the chopping board.


 Each time he searched a will, it needed to recuperate for a while, after all, wills were more fragile than souls.


 What was worth mentioning was, there was less capacity for storing memories in wills than in souls, most of the memories were fragments.


 But what Fang Yuan wanted the most were Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance clues. In this last search, Fang Yuan reached his goal.


 “Red Lotus Demon Venerable, time path inheritance...” A while later, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, mumbling.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance was set in the river of time, Mo Yao did not know what the treasure in the inheritance was. She only knew that to inherit this unrivaled Demon Venerable inheritance, the first condition was to have Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Not only this, the Gu Immortal had to self-detonate and use Spring Autumn Cicada to carry their will into the river of time. In the river of time, they had to search for a stone lotus island.


 Only after they reach a stone lotus island would they see the will of Red Lotus left there.


 “Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance, it is truly hard to obtain!” Fang Yuan sighed.


 This was too difficult.


 The rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, once activated, would self-detonate the Gu Master with a certain chance of success. To find Red Lotus’ will, one had to risk the chance of suicide.


 Even if the Gu Master successfully enters the river of time, where would they go to find a stone lotus island?


 Fang Yuan had entered the river of time before, even though he had three precious experiences, he did not find any stone lotus islands.


 In other words, not only did the Gu Master need to self-detonate and use Spring Autumn Cicada to carry their will into the river of time, they had to manipulate Spring Autumn Cicada and swim in the river, searching for some stone lotus island.


 Fang Yuan could not do that!


 He currently was using Spring Autumn Cicada only as a passenger, he could not control the direction or route.


 “To control Spring Autumn Cicada and reach this level, I need other methods for assistance. But I don’t have any.”


 These methods would be time path methods, in this aspect, Fang Yuan was at a loss, he had nearly no knowledge in it.


 Currently, if Fang Yuan wanted to obtain Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance, there was a long road to travel. He needed to make ample preparations.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance was in the river of time, it was extremely dangerous for him to try to obtain it.


 Fang Yuan could only put Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance aside, for the time being, he was going to stay in Hu Immortal blessed land while waiting for the Refinement Path Convention’s second round. At the same time, he would use the light of wisdom to deduce the immortal killer move vaguely familiar face.


 He had obtained vaguely familiar face in the Northern Plains auction, it was fifty percent complete. As for what the three core Immortal Gu were, the information was not concealed.


 The problem was that Fang Yuan did not have these three core Immortal Gu, they were in another person’s possession. Immortal Gu were unique, if Fang Yuan wanted to use the killer move, vaguely familiar face, he would need to modify the move and change the core Immortal Gu to something else. The best situation would be an Immortal Gu he already owned.


 This was very difficult, because in regards to transformation path and wisdom path, Fang Yuan’s attainment level was not very high.



***
Chapter 831 - Still First Place


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, east coast.


 Waves were rumbling, crashing into one another, frost energy oozed, creating white fog that covered hundreds of li.


 Hundreds of years ago, a piece of profound ice floated over from somewhere, into Central Continent’s east coast. This profound ice was huge, it was like an island, it was overflowing with frost energy, many ice path wild Gu were gathered on it, the frost energy even got absorbed into nearby trees.


 After the profound ice was found, it attracted a lot of commotion.


 The Gu Masters living in the east coast tried to guess the origin of this profound ice.


 There were two theories, one was that the profound ice came from far away in the east, it could have originated from Eastern Sea’s icy sea region. This sea region had low temperatures all year round, it was icy cold, streams of icy water flowed like dragons or snakes, coiling around deep in the sea. Once they reached close to the surface, they formed into huge pieces of ice.


 The second theory was that white heaven had a crack and a piece of ice fell from it. The size of it should have been immensely larger at first. But as it fell, it melted due to the friction against the air, after it ended up in the sea, it cooled down and formed this profound ice island. The edges of this island were smooth and shiny, there were no rough edges, it resembled melted candles, attesting to the credibility of this theory.


 This profound ice was beached on the sandy shore, it did not move.


 At first, a large number of mortal Gu Masters were attracted and came to scour the place. These Gu Masters who enjoyed the benefits of being the closest and earliest to arrive all made great fortunes. The wild Gu and icy trees on the profound ice were all looted.


 Over the next handful of years, more Gu Masters came to the profound ice, staying here permanently with no intention of leaving.


 It turned out that although the profound ice island was lacking in resources, the profound ice was hard to melt, the frost energy it gave off made it the perfect place for ice path cultivators to stay in.


 Central Continent’s east coast was tropical, it was warm all year round, it was hard for ice path Gu Masters to support cultivation. Thus, regarding this profound ice island, many ice path and water path Gu Masters were attracted here.


 Places with humans have conflict, the island had limited capacity, as more people came, in order to defend their own interests, the Gu Masters on the island gathered into an alliance, creating a tight boundary around the ice island and preventing outsiders from coming in.


 Thus, a moderately sized force was created.


 After several hundred years of development, this loose lone cultivator alliance, due to several generations of ambitious leaders, slowly became more firmly structured, they formed a sect. As they developed, the sect grew larger, it was a large force now, there was no force in the surroundings that could match them.


 This sect’s name was Flying Frost Sect. It hinted that the profound ice island that was the foundation of this sect came from far away, long ago in history.


 The second round of competition of Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention was being held, one of the places was Flying Frost Sect.


 Fang Yuan held the token as he came to Flying Frost Sect.


 The task here was to refine the rank two ghost fire Gu. The rules had changed, it was no longer deciding the winner by quantity, but using time instead.


 It asked the Gu Master to refine ten ghost fire Gu at once, Gu Masters using less time would get better positions. The specifications were listed, using fifteen minutes or less would be first place. Since this operated on a first come, first served basis, if someone gets first, then another person who beat the fifteen minute requirement would only get second. If second place was taken, they would only place third. If all three positions were taken, they would get no rewards.


 This time, the reward for first place was five rank three ice path Gu worm recipes. For refinement path Gu Masters, ice path Gu Masters, or even large forces, this had a lot of attraction.


 When Fang Yuan stepped into the hall to refine Gu, the first three positions were still open.


 “The difficulty of the second round is much harder than the first round. It is not hard to refine ten ghost fire Gu one by one, I can easily use less than fifteen minutes. But the challenge is in refining ten ghost fire Gu at once. Ghost fire Gu is both a fire path and soul path Gu, the steps are quite tricky and complicated, they would expend a lot of mental energy, if I keep on refining them, over time, my soul will turn weak very easily. This is one of the special traits of soul path Gu worms.”


 Fang Yuan considered it, he decided to use soul path and fire path techniques together to burn ghostly souls and create fake ghost fires, then using them to refine true ghost fires.


 Flying Frost Sect was a righteous sect, Fang Yuan had to prepare the ghostly souls himself if he wanted to burn them. Flying Frost Sect would not provide such a Gu refinement material.


 “Evil and unorthodox methods!” Seeing Fang Yuan’s technique, An Han, who was outside snorted.


 The leader of Flying Frost Sect, who was managing the event on the stage, watched as his pupils shrunk, he thought: “Five Virtues Sect’s leader tried to gather this person but was rejected. This person is burning souls now in public, this is clearly a demonic act, he is an unscrupulous individual. Even if Flying Frost Sect recruits this person, we will only invite trouble, forget about it.”


 Other than abiding by no fighting or killing, any Gu Master could join the Refinement Path Convention, be they righteous or demonic, there were no limitations that barred demonic path Gu Masters.


 They could only use refinement path techniques to interact and compete. Precisely because of such freedom, the Refinement Path Convention was such a popular event.


 People who did not know the true details would think that this was the magnanimity of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, but only people like Fang Yuan knew this was because of the Infallible inheritance. The Infallible inheritance had hidden requirements, the more Gu Masters that participated, the better.


 But the righteous path and demonic path were different, Fang Yuan used souls to refine Gu, this was an evil and cruel act that would be despised by the righteous path.


 The observing Gu Masters were mostly from the righteous path, seeing a demon like Fang Yuan, they felt a strong sense of distaste inside them, they did not want to see Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement succeed.


 Maybe it was because of their collective wishes, at the crucial moment, the soul fire in front of Fang Yuan exploded, out of the ten ghost fire Gu that were about to form, one of them had turned into ash, falling from the fire and piling on the floor.


 Everyone saw this and their eyes shined brightly, some indiscreet righteous path Gu Masters even made joyful exclamations. But immediately recalling Fang Yuan’s rank five cultivation level, they shut up, although the delight in their eyes could not be concealed.


 An Han showed joy on his face as well.


 Fang Yuan gave him huge pressure, according to his earlier progress, he was already on the last few steps before succeeding. Fang Yuan’s refinement speed was very fast, the souls were burning very effectively, if he passed the next few steps, he would be able to complete the refinement in less than fifteen minutes, the position of first place would go to Fang Yuan.


 Of course, Fang Yuan had no interest regarding the reward and position.


 An Han was different, he was the first elder of Flying Frost Sect, as the host, if he lost, he would lose face in front of his peers. Furthermore, getting first place in one of the rounds of the Refinement Path Convention was an extremely great glory for refinement path Gu Masters. Finally, the first place reward also enticed An Han greatly.


 “Alright, this way, he would need to refine Gu again. If he refines nine ghost fire Gu, missing one would mean he would not pass. He can only restart from scratch and make ten more. He has to make them at the same time to pass.” An Han controlled his expression from changing, feeling great joy inwardly.


 “Indeed, evil deeds lead to bad outcomes, even if he is using souls to refine Gu, he is still going to fail.”


 “He reached first place in the first round at Five Virtues Sect, so be it. But here in Flying Frost Sect, first place has to go to Lord An Han!”


 “Evil and unorthodox methods leading to Gu refinement failure, this is truly heartening.”


 The surrounding people talked among themselves, the stage itself had a Gu formation that isolated sound, preventing the Gu Masters from being distracted.


 But just when they were all rejoicing, the ghost fire in Fang Yuan’s hands split into two lumps.


 Two lumps, one big and one small, inside the large lump were nine incomplete ghost fire Gu, while the small lump had nothing.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, he breathed in deeply as he finally became more serious.


 Earlier, that ghost fire Gu had exploded not due to his own mistake, but because refining Gu had a chance of failure. Even though the failure rate of rank two Gu was not high, and he had already performed as well as possible, when a minor stroke of bad luck like that hit him, there was nothing he could do.


 Now, he was holding the large lump of ghost fire and keeping it burning, while his other hand was throwing three souls into the small lump of ghost fire, a boar soul, a goat soul, and a human soul.


 The three souls burned together, the small lump of ghost fire burst into life, there were pitiful cries of pain coming from within.


 “He is using a human soul!”


 “In broad daylight, he is publicly burning a human soul... this... this... this!”


 “Hehehe, worthy of a demonic path rank five expert, being so rampant.”


 Flying Frost Sect’s members had ugly expressions.


 They were a righteous sect, Fang Yuan was burning a human soul to refine Gu here openly, he was totally disregarding Flying Frost Sect. But now was the Refinement Path Convention, even though Flying Frost Sect was unhappy, they could not stop Fang Yuan from refining Gu. Unless they wanted to offend the ten great ancient sects and cause the downfall of their own sect.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, he was focused on the small lump of ghost fire.


 He continued to toss in Gu refinement materials, the ghost fire was turning between big and small from time to time, interchangeably between strong and weak. When he got to a crucial step in the middle, he tossed in a fire pellet Gu at lightning speed, as well as a soul ball Gu.


 The two Gu worms fused in the fire, they combined into one and created an incomplete ghost fire Gu.


 Some knowledgeable Gu Masters saw this and gasped loudly.


 “Tossing in two Gu worms consecutively, this is the refinement path technique — consecutive toss.”


 “Even though consecutive toss is one of the basic refinement path techniques, this person is using it so well with much experience, it is almost like this is as easy as breathing to him. This is not something that talent alone can achieve, countless sessions of practice and hard work are needed to reach such a stage.”


 “Does this person cultivate refinement path as his main path?”


 “Hard to say! When he signed up, he kept his sect and path a secret. He is a true demonic cultivator, he should not have a sect, his path is quite possibly refinement path.”


 Everyone made guesses.


 Of course, they were completely off.


 Fang Yuan’s main path was strength path, it had nothing to do with refinement path. He also had a proper status in a sect, being in a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect, one of the ten great ancient sects.


 If everyone knew that the ruthless demon in front of them was a member of Immortal Crane Sect, who knew what expressions they would show.


 A short while later, Fang Yuan succeeded in saving his refinement attempt, the two lumps of ghost fires fused into one.


 The last few steps were done smoothly without any additional mishaps.


 Eventually, the ghost fire burst out and scattered, ten ghost fire Gu flew out together.


 Outside the stage, not a person spoke.


 The expression of the elder of Flying Frost Sect was dark, he announced helplessly: “Refinement succeeded, using less than fifteen minutes, the first place of this round of the competition goes to — Fang Yuan.”



***
Chapter 832 - Senior Fang Yuan, I want to duel you!


***





 



 Fang Yuan quietly stood up under everyone’s gazes, slowly walking out of the stage.


 “Such deep foundation in refinement path! He can actually do two tasks at once, he slowed down the refinement speed of the nine incomplete ghost fire Gu while restarting the refinement of the final ghost fire Gu with extremely high speed. Refining ghost fire Gu consumes a lot of mental energy, but he still seems energetic even now, could it be that he has cultivated soul path or wisdom path as well?” An Han was shocked and uncertain.


 “First elder, first elder?” A disciple beside An Han reminded him in a soft voice.


 “What is it?” An Han came back to his senses, he could not help but feel embarrassed. Unknowingly, he had stood up from his seat, such a loss of composure was really damaging to his reputation.


 At this moment, Flying Frost Sect’s leader looked at An Han.


 This was the Refinement Path Convention, they naturally had to use refinement path to restore their reputation.


 An Han’s heart skipped a beat as he realized the sect leader’s intention, he had no choice but to comply.


 Seeing their first elder taking action, the spectating Flying Frost Sect disciples applauded loudly, they no longer had the earlier listless expressions.


 Even outsiders could not help but cast optimistic gazes when they saw the famous An Han exiting the stage.


 Among the crowd, however, were some people with discerning eyes.


 An old Gu Master sighed softly: “This An Han’s situation doesn’t look good.”


 “Why is that the case, master?” A youth, standing beside the old Gu Master, asked with confusion.


 This master and disciple pair was the same pair of lone cultivators who had been walking beside Fang Yuan during the registration at Five Virtues Sect, and had been pushed to the side by the burly men making way for An Han.


 “That demonic path Gu Master, Fang Yuan, is extremely terrifying. He has a high refinement path attainment level, his method just now involved far more than just doing two tasks at once. To do what he did, even I could only accomplish it back when I was in my peak condition. Outsiders cannot see the difficulty in this, the more proficient the refinement path Gu Master is, the more they would be aware of it. This An Han also has extraordinary skills, but because of this, he understands even more that he cannot win against this demonic cultivator, Fang Yuan. Did you see how unsettled he looked when he stood up, it was because in his mind, he has already been intimidated by Fang Yuan.”


 The old Gu Master spoke with assurance, but with a soft voice: “In this state, if he tries to refine Gu, he might not be able to even show half of his true skills. Most crucially, Fang Yuan has already taken the first spot, even if An Han tries harder, this won’t change. That is, unless he can use a new method to finish the task in far less time than Fang Yuan, then he can earn back the reputation that Flying Frost Sect lost. But if he had such talent, he would not have remained in Flying Frost Sect for so many years.”


 The young Gu Master nodded his head repeatedly in praise: “Master, you are right. The sect leader of Flying Frost Sect is not an expert in Gu refinement, the move he is making now is a mistake due to his thirst for success. It is like what master taught me, one cannot rush for quick results and be anxious when refining Gu. It seems that managing a sect also has the same logic.”


 The old Gu Master’s eyes brightened and looked at his only disciple with satisfaction: “Not bad, disciple, you are truly talented, you have great ability in comprehension. The fact is, all paths lead to the Great Dao. You were able to use the logic of Gu refinement and look at other aspects, it looks like your refinement path attainment has already reached a certain mastery level, you can definitely achieve success in this second competition.”


 The young Gu Master smiled: “This is all because of master teaching me unreservedly. If I was not picked out by master, I would have already starved to death. My accomplishments today are all because of master nurturing me. Disciple had a well-thought out plan and could have captured first place by using just thirteen Gu refinement techniques. But now, first place is already taken by that demonic path Gu Master. Master, let disciple seize that green shine Gu for you.”


 “What?” The old master was greatly startled, quickly blocking him: “Disciple, don’t!”


 But it was already too late.


 Youth knows no fear, the young Gu Master shouted loudly: “Senior Fang Yuan, may I be so bold as to request a duel with you!”


 The entire conversation between the master and disciple seemed to have taken a long time, but only a few moments had passed.


 Fang Yuan had just left the stage and had not gone far because he still needed to receive the first place reward from Flying Frost Sect. At the other end, An Han had stood up and was about to step onto the stage.


 The young Gu Master’s words caused a huge commotion that immediately attracted everyone’s attention.


 “There’s a duel, they’re going to duel!”


 “Who is that young man, he actually dares to duel with that rank five demon?”


 “I know him, he was second place at Five Virtues Sect, he is a genuine refinement path genius.”


 “A young tiger does not fear an old lion’s might, this will be a good show to watch!”


 The old master had a pale expression, he could no longer stop this and could do nothing, he was feeling extremely worried and regretful deep inside: ‘I only made efforts to impart refinement path knowledge to my disciple and forgot to teach him the dangers of worldly affairs. This is my mistake, I should not have neglected it!”


 Meanwhile, the young Gu Master, under everyone’s gazes, walked slowly with his head held high, leaving the crowd and appearing in front of Fang Yuan with a shining gaze and firm expression.


 The first elder, An Han, had just stepped into the spotlight, when such a situation occurred. All of the determination that he had just built up left him like a leaking balloon.


 He normally was a famous person, his every move would attract attention. But today was really difficult for him, he had made a fool of himself and was now ignored by the crowd, he was furious and hateful.


 “Duel? Who wants to duel me?” Fang Yuan smiled slightly and turned around to look at the challenger.


 Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention was held once every hundred years, it was a grand event in all the five regions. Competitions were divided into large-scale and small-scale.


 Fang Yuan was currently participating in the large-scale competition of the five regions, which was the competition of the largest scale. First, the registration spots everywhere in Central Continent would eliminate large numbers of Gu Master through various rounds, finally, only a handful of participants could participate in the final contest.


 Small-scale competitions were often held in each region, according to past conventions, they were divided into Central Continent small-scale competitions, Southern Border small-scale competitions, Northern Plains, Eastern Sea, and Western Desert. These competitions were divided according to the geographical origins, and were rather official.


 There were also many other small-scale competitions, for instance at the east coast which would be jointly held by Flying Frost Sect, Five Virtues Sect and others. The eliminated Gu Masters from the large-scale competition could participate in these small-scale competitions of east coast.


 The largest number of small-scale competitions were held by small circles of people. For instance, three to five friends would set a time, put out wagers or simply have a friendly contest with no rewards.


 The competitions could be further divided into open and private. Open battles could naturally be observed by others. But most of them sent invitations in advance, inviting limited number of distinguished guests to enjoy or evaluate. Private battles did not allow spectators and the results were also not publicized.


 Large-scale competitions were the most open battles, they did not restrict anyone from viewing but forbid the spectators from using any Gu worms.


 Every time Central Continent held the Refinement Path Convention, it would create a trend of Gu refinement flourishing everywhere in Central Continent. It was similar to the Earth’s world cup, the grand event of football that was held every four years. Often, at this time, even those who did not play football would try to play a bit of it. Those who did not pay attention to football, would also give some attention to the matches.


 In this world, Gu refinement was one of the three great aspects of Gu Master cultivation, it was much more significant than the sport for entertainment, football. Thus, the Gu refinement trend it created was even larger and lasted longer. In this time, experiences and insights related to Gu refinement were greatly interchanged, largely pushing forward the growth of refinement path, thus, almost every participating Gu Master would reap some benefits.


 According to the different formats, the Refinement Path Convention could be divided into sect contests, duels, task contests, arena contests and so on.


 Sect contests were contests where two or more sects sent similar numbers of refinement path Gu Masters to compete in Gu refinement. Generally speaking, sect contests were used to solve conflicts of interests.


 In task contests, one side would give a difficult problem while the other side had to solve it.


 In arena contests, the Gu Masters who were very skilled at certain areas of Gu refinement would set the arena and invite refinement path experts from all parties to compete. The arena organizer would put forward a wager, and each challenger also had to put up a wager. These arena contests often had plentiful amounts of rewards.


 As for duels? They were what Fang Yuan was encountering right now.


 “It is this junior who wants to duel.” The young Gu Master walked towards Fang Yuan, his expression was neither haughty nor humble.


 Fang Yuan sized him up, and felt some interest when he saw the youth in high spirits: “Lad, since you want to duel, then bet something that can interest me. Otherwise, I won’t duel.”


 Fang Yuan naturally had the right to refuse the duel, the Refinement Path Convention allowed duels but did not have an unreasonable rule that said one had to accept duels no matter what.


 The young Gu Master gave a serious nod: “I have a rank five Gu worm’s recipe with me. Senior, you are a rank five expert, this Gu recipe will suit you. This junior wants to bet against the rank four green shine Gu you won.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Green shine Gu is a rare rank four Gu, its value is equal to normal rank five Gu. But lad, do you know what my path is? Are you certain the Gu recipe you are betting suits my path?”


 The young Gu Master was stunned: “Senior, aren’t you in refinement path?” Judging from his words, the Gu recipe he was betting was a refinement path Gu recipe.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “My main cultivation path is naturally not refinement path. Lad, you are actually using only one Gu recipe to bet against my rare rank four Gu. Do you not know that if the refinement of a rank five Gu fails, even people at my level can be injured. You are trying to harm me like this but still think I am stupid enough to agree to your conditions?”


 The young Gu Master gulped a few times, but he could not say anything. For a while, he stood motionless on the spot.


 His master quickly hurried over and gave a deep bow to Fang Yuan: “Since sir is refusing the duel, then we won’t duel.”


 “What, no duel?” The spectators jeered, as they were going to miss a good show.


 “The first place position holder of Five Virtues Sect competition, the mysterious demonic cultivator, Fang Yuan, and the second place position holder, the young Gu Master Zheng Shan Chuan, the battle between dragon and tiger is not going to be held because of insufficient betting capital? Come, come, let us all lend a hand, a pile of rocks can build a mountain.” A nosy individual suggested.


 “There is no need, it was my disciple’s rashness. Thank you everyone, thank you.” The old master was frightened and quickly bowed to everyone, cupping his hands to salvage this situation.


 An Han’s eyes flashed ominously, he immediately sent out his instructions in a quiet voice. Soon, someone among the crowd put forward some resources, many others responded and started to contribute one after another, urging this duel to continue.



***
Chapter 833 - Shan Chuan Hall Creator


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The atmosphere on the stage was getting more intense, Fang Yuan and the young Gu Master, Zheng Shan Chuan, could no longer avoid this issue.


 The elderly master also noticed that most of the Gu Masters encouraging this came from Flying Frost Sect, his wrinkles became deeper, as he showed a bitter expression.


 Fang Yuan thought about the name ‘Zheng Shan Chuan’, he felt that it was familiar. But as an immortal zombie, his mind was not as sharp as if he was a living person, he could not remember it instantly.


 He stopped the star thoughts in his mind and activated memory thoughts to excavate his memories.


 He finally remembered.


 As it turns out, in Central Continent’s east coast, hundreds of years later, there was a super force called Shan Chuan Hall. Its creator was named Zheng Shan Chuan. Shan Chuan Hall was skilled in refinement path, when dream realms manifested and dream path was flourishing, Shan Chuan Hall’s leader benefited alongside the trends of that age and became a Gu Immortal.


 But during that great era, mortals becoming Gu Immortals was nothing special. Especially after dream realms appeared, there were countless opportunities given to ordinary Gu Masters. Dragons and snakes were hiding in bushes, most of them only lacked an opportunity.


 The manifestation of dream realms gave people their fortuitous encounters. During the five regions chaotic war, large numbers of Gu Masters at the bottom of the hierarchy were given a chance to rise up.


 In the midst of the five regions chaotic war, all sorts of people emerged, they were numerous like the stars in the sky, they all had their stories. The ten great ancient sects gradually lost control, with the rise of many forces, including ten outstanding ones who called themselves the ten new great sects, they opposed the ten ancient sects openly, it was quite the spectacle.


 Unlike now, where the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had control over the situation in Central Continent, even if super forces which had Gu Immortals wanted to separate from the ten ancient sects, and free themselves from the status of a subsidiary, it was difficult.


 “In accordance with this time period, don’t tell me that this Zheng Shan Chuan in front of me is the creator of Shan Chuan Hall? Since he could reach second place in Five Virtues Sect, he definitely has master level attainment in refinement path. Being a refinement path master at such a young age, he truly is a genius. This fits the description of Zheng Shan Chuan as well, a great teacher produces great students, this old man must be Old Man Qi Shan.”


 “Old Man Qi Shan was secretly poisoned by someone, it had been causing him great torment, Zheng Shan Chuan was filial, he tried all ways to heal his master. That’s right, green shine Gu is among the best healing Gu for treating heat toxins. Unfortunately even Old Man Qi Shan did not know that the poison in him was a transforming poison. On the surface, it was a heat toxin, but after using green shine Gu, it would become a cold poison, the toxicity would intensify, becoming at least twice as severe. But eventually, Zheng Shan Chuan succeeded in treating his master’s poison, he gathered green shine Gu, blue shine Gu, red shine Gu, and others up to a total of nine types of shine Gu, forming the killer move nine shine, it could subdue all sorts of poisons. Later, his bloodline descendant became a Gu Immortal, being Shan Chuan Hall’s leader, promoting this killer move and changing it into the immortal killer move profound light nine shine, he became a light path healing expert, becoming quite famous during the five regions chaotic war.”


 Fang Yuan used memory thoughts to excavate his memories, he quickly remembered these minute details that were deep in his memories.


 He understood everything going on around him, including An Han’s schemes, after observing for a while, he felt that these two people were Old Man Qi Shan and Zheng Shan Chuan.


 He used luck inspection Gu on the two of them.


 Flying Frost Sect was a test location for the Refinement Path Convention, there were Gu worms set up to prevent Gu Masters from using their Gu worms casually.


 But Fang Yuan had an immortal zombie body, he had strength path dao marks on his body, and his immortal aperture was part of his body, when he used luck inspection Gu, these mortals were defenseless.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan saw the luck of these two. Above his head, Zheng Shan Chuan’s luck was like a seven colored rainbow, bright and imposing, it was out of the norm. Meanwhile, Old Man Qi Shan’s luck was like a broken jade bowl, traces of grey luck were leaking out of the bowl.


 Old Man Qi Shan’s luck was terrible, but Zheng Shan Chuan was intimately linked with him, the luck of the two were joined together.


 The seven colored rainbow luck split out a portion of itself into Old Man Qi Shan’s jade bowl luck, causing his grey luck to be moderated to a large extent.


 Fang Yuan felt interested, musing: “To think that I would encounter the creator of Shan Chuan Hall here, if I kill him, in several hundred years, the east coast would not have a super force called Shan Chuan Hall.”


 The moment Fang Yuan had killing intent, the luck of the both of them wavered, it was like a huge wind was blowing, causing the rainbow light to fade and be on the verge of destruction.


 “But what benefit would I get if I do that? Northern Plains is already in chaos thanks to me, but that was not my intention, it was all because of Mo Yao’s fake will. But who am I going to explain that to? I will leave Zheng Shan Chuan alive, these people should continue on their original paths so that my rebirth advantage can be maintained.” Fang Yuan thought again.


 When Fang Yuan was in Northern Plains, he knew about Ma Hong Yun, but he did not kill him.


 This was not fear, this was the ambition of a demonic overlord.


 In his previous life, he was a rank six Gu Immortal, only a step from rank seven, but it was mostly due to his fortuitous encounters, he had actually wasted a lot of time during his life.


 Fang Yuan had self-confidence, even if these people grow up or even achieve greater accomplishments than in his memories, Fang Yuan could still contest with them and gain profits! He could even stomp on these people, carving out a path of blood as he sprints towards eternal life.


 As to whether eternal life really existed or not, did that matter?


 Even if he died along the way, would there be regret?


 This was the life that Fang Yuan wanted to live, it was full of challenge, fun, and bitterness. Other than that, beauty, wealth, and authority were all nothing more than tools that he could make use of.


 Fang Yuan thought about this and his killing intent towards this pair of master and disciple dissipated.


 Immediately, he saw that the luck of Zheng Shan Chuan and Old Man Qi Shan recovered back to their original points, it was even vaguely greater than before.


 “Luck path is truly mystical.” Fang Yuan saw this and sighed inwardly.


 Recently, he had a greater understanding of luck path — luck was not omnipotent, it largely depended on one’s strength and cultivation level.


 A thought from Fang Yuan could change the luck of the two of them. This was because he was an immortal zombie, killing the two of them was as easy as killing ants.


 Back then, Ma Hong Yun had many people going after him, but he instead turned danger into blessings. But now that he was in Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s hands, he could not turn the situation around. The rank eight Fortune Rivaling Heaven could not make up for the huge difference in their strength. Or rather, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, as a rank eight great expert, had the power to suppress it.


 There was also Hu Immortal blessed land’s calamity, Fang Yuan used time assist luck, in the end, because of Connect Luck, the increase in luck was split into four and Fang Yuan only kept one portion. The three of them had their gains and fortuitous opportunities, while Fang Yuan barely had any. That was because Fang Yuan was too strong, he was already an immortal, he needed much more good luck to obtain the same benefits as them, it was much more difficult to influence him than mortals!


 On the stage, more and more clamoring could be heard, the urging of the crowd drew more and more people to join in, those in Flying Frost Sect no longer had to steer this matter.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: “We can duel, but I have no interest in these things. If I lose, I will give you green shine Gu. But if you lose, I want you to be my slave, and be under my command for life.”


 “Ah! Disciple, you cannot agree.” Old Man Qi Shan’s face paled as he shouted.


 Everyone looked at each other, this was a great plan by Fang Yuan, the other party was a refinement path genius, he had a bright future. If he won, he would obtain a refinement path master level slave!


 “Senior, isn’t this request too much?” Zheng Shan Chuan was young, but he would not agree so easily. After all, his future was at stake, this would affect his whole life.


 “Of course you can reject me, but I will tell you now, if you do not use yourself as the wager, I will not duel.” Fang Yuan sneered, saying: “Do you think there are a lots of green shine Gu around? This is the perfect Gu for treating heat toxins. Lad, the tree may wish to be yet the wind continues to blow, the son wants to fulfil his duty but his parents are no longer around. Time waits for no man, often, the opportunity is right in front of you, if you miss it, you will regret it for life.”


 “Does this person know that my master is afflicted with heat toxins?” Zheng Shan Chuan was shocked, these words from Fang Yuan like ‘the son wants to fulfil his duty but his parents are no longer around,’ and ‘if you miss it, you will regret it for life,’ were affecting him greatly.


 “Disciple, you must not agree to the duel! We can think of another way!!” Old Man Qi Shan’s expression was grim, he was an experienced person, Fang Yuan’s words were like bait, he had evil intentions, he was trying to trick a young and inexperienced person like Zheng Shan Chuan.


 “The duel is their matter, outsiders are not to interfere.” A Flying Frost Sect elder came over, his face was austere as he spoke to Fang Yuan and Zheng Shan Chuan: “Both of you have disrupted the competition, are you going to duel? If you are duelling, our sect’s first elder is magnanimous and is willing to give you an area to compete in. Please decide quickly.”


 Old Man Qi Shan felt an alarm blaring inside him, he was about to speak but Fang Yuan said: “Lad, I am giving you this opportunity because I am touched by your filial piety. If you miss it, in the future, I will not agree to any duels even if you ask me. I will not bully a kid like you, I will give you a chance, you can propose the duel task.”


 “What, senior, you are letting me choose?!” Zheng Shan Chuan was moved.


 Originally, the duel would be initiated by one party, and both sides would put up a wager. But the content of the duel would need to be agreed upon by both sides. If they refined a Gu that one party was familiar with, while the other has not refined it before, that would not be fair.


 Now, Fang Yuan was letting Zheng Shan Chuan choose, that was to say, Zheng Shan Chuan could use his forte and trouble Fang Yuan, he could only accept it with no way to change the task.


 Once he said that, the surrounding Gu Masters gasped, they were thinking that Fang Yuan was too arrogant, their money was on the young Gu Master, Zheng Shan Chuan, now.


 “Disciple, do not duel, our real business is on the competition...” Old Man Qi Shan continued to urge him. Even though Zheng Shan Chuan had a huge advantage, this old man was still worrying, he did not want any mishaps to happen to his disciple.


 But Zheng Shan Chuan was a young man, he was hot-blooded.


 “Master’s heat toxins are very severe, it will be too late if we do not treat it soon. The other party is so arrogant, he is looking down on my age! The Gu I am most familiar with is careful Gu. This Gu is a specialty of ours, it is rank three and has many complex steps, the techniques needed for it are numerous, I spent three years, putting in so much hard work, only now having an eighty percent chance of success. I will duel him with this!”


 Thinking of this, Zheng Shan Chuan made up his mind, saying to Fang Yuan: “I will duel!”



***
Chapter 834 - Refinement Path Killer Move, Spinning Golden Bell


***





 



 “Disciple!!” Old Man Qi Shan was extremely anxious.


 Zheng Shan Chuan turned around and faced Old Man Qi Shan, on his young face, his eyes were bright and clear: “Master, I am unfilial, I will have to go against your wishes. Master, he is letting me pose the problem, this is a huge advantage, I have no reason not to duel! If under such conditions, I refuse to duel, this will become a scar in my heart, would I have any courage to progress further in refinement path?”


 Old Man Qi Shan heard his words and fell into silence.


 He sighed inwardly: ‘Oh, disciple, you have little experience of the world, you do not know the deviousness of men. Since the other party is relenting to this extent, he is definitely confident of winning, he has his trump cards. You have been fooled! It is a pity, it is regretful, I am old and weak now, the situation has already been set, I cannot do anything to stop it.’


 On the surface, Old Man Qi Shan stretched out his hand, grabbing Zheng Shan Chuan’s shoulder: “Disciple, I understand your filial intentions. Alright, you can make your own decision, I will support you on this. Use careful Gu as the duel task, we will not bet on the success of the Gu refinement, but the time! Whoever refines careful Gu first will win!”


 “Master!” Zheng Shan Chuan was so touched his eyes turned red.


 Careful Gu was the sole secret inheritance of Old Man Qi Shan, it was not circulated to the outside world. To support his disciple, Old Man Qi Shan took out this precious Gu recipe, allowing his opponent, Fang Yuan, to see it.


 He even suggested that they competed in terms of time. This was Fang Yuan’s first time refining careful Gu, he would not be familiar with it, if they competed using time, he would face more pressure than just needing success. As expected, the old were the wisest.


 Fang Yuan allowed his opponent to choose the Gu, he gave a huge advantage to him, he was in a passive situation.


 Zheng Shan Chuan hesitated for a moment, he felt that his master’s suggestion was taking advantage of his opponent, even if he won, it was not a glorious win.


 But he immediately thought about the fact that this matter involved his master’s safety. Even if he won unfairly, he needed to win the green shine Gu!


 Thus, he turned around and gave his decision to the Flying Frost Sect elder.


 Flying Frost Sect quickly arranged it, first elder An Han was overjoyed, he took the initiative to leave, giving them the venue in his place.


 Fang Yuan and Zheng Shan Chuan went onto the stage, engaging in their duel.


 The surroundings went quiet.


 Both parties were dozens of steps away from each other, sitting on the ground.


 Zheng Shan Chuan first took out the Gu recipe of careful Gu and gave it to Fang Yuan.


 Soon, Flying Frost Sect announced the commencement of this duel.


 Below the stage, discussions could be heard.


 “I’ve never heard of careful Gu, it is a definitely their specialty Gu recipe. That Fang Yuan only has had a short time to look at it before the duel started, isn’t this going overboard?”


 “Hehe, this is Fang Yuan’s fault for being too arrogant, he allowed the opponent to choose the Gu, he made a really stupid decision!”


 “The young Gu Master is not simple, he was second place in the previous round, but his score was good enough to hit first place. Many people are guessing that he is a refinement path master.”


 Hearing this, many people scoffed: “How is this possible? How old is he, at this age, he is already a refinement path master? In that case, with my age, have I been living like a dog all this time?”


 But as the competition progressed, under everyone’s watchful gazes, Zheng Shan Chuan used nearly ten Gu refinement techniques with extremely skilful manipulation, it was a dazzling sight.


 Among the spectators, those who guessed that Zheng Shan Chuan had master level refinement path attainment soared in numbers.


 But Fang Yuan was still researching the Gu recipe, he had not started the Gu refinement.


 Looking at this, the crowd did not think well of Fang Yuan.


 “Oh no.” Old Man Qi Shan frowned: “This person has such a calm nature, he is trying to decipher each step before refining the Gu. This is the demeanor of an expert, calm under any situation! Thankfully, I used time as the factor, whoever refines the Gu first wins. The process of refining careful Gu is complex, he cannot win unless he is familiar with the Gu recipe, and has practiced with it more than Little Chuan.”


 That was impossible, of course.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan had seen this careful Gu recipe.


 Careful Gu was, strictly speaking, a wisdom path Gu worm, but it had a huge use in refinement path. Fang Yuan guessed that this was the core Gu in Zheng Shan Chuan’s inheritance.


 History had recorded that Shan Chuan Hall’s Gu Masters were most skilled at refining those Gu worms which had crucial steps that directly affected the success rate of the refinement.


 Careful Gu was best in assisting the refinement path Gu Master to settle these problems.


 After Fang Yuan looked at the recipe several times, he understood it deeply and could use it properly. He was a refinement path quasi-grandmaster, it was not hard to understand a rank three Gu recipe.


 In truth, not only did he read the Gu recipe, he also observed Zheng Shan Chuan’s techniques.


 Zheng Shan Chuan was already at the middle part of the Gu refinement, Fang Yuan had watched the first part closely.


 Even Fang Yuan had to nod his head in acknowledgement, with Zheng Shan Chuan’s age, it was very hard to get to his level. But as a refinement path quasi-grandmaster, Fang Yuan could see that his techniques were not skilled enough, there were still flaws when he dealt with the materials.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his hands and started to refine the Gu.


 “He is finally refining the Gu.” Outside the stage, quiet mocking voices could be heard.


 “He is not anxious at all.” Someone evaluated impartially.


 Fang Yuan started to refine the Gu, it attracted Zheng Shan Chuan’s gaze. But he only took one look before concentrating on his own task again.


 Fang Yuan started Gu refinement, he went through it step by step, all of the bystanders were staring in disdain, these were Zheng Shan Chuan’s techniques.


 But soon, Fang Yuan made some modifications, he used a different technique, and his Gu refinement speed got faster.


 The mocking sounds in the crowd vanished, everyone watching his hands moving at lightning speed in shock.


 “He has already used more than ten Gu refinement techniques!”


 “Such experienced Gu refinement techniques with deep foundation, he is unfathomable.”


 “He is getting faster, he is chasing up to Zheng Shan Chuan...” 

 Old Man Qi Shan frowned tightly, he was shocked inwardly: “This person’s speed is not scary, the problem is, he is fast without any anxiety, his techniques are so calm and collected. Impressive, very impressive, this person’s refinement path attainment is probably not just master level! Little Chuan is going to feel pressure, he cannot lose control of himself and become anxious. Careful Gu gets harder as the refinement proceeds, Little Chuan has the advantage, he needs to maintain it. The enemy is strong, if he loses his bearings, he is bound to lose!”


 Zheng Shan Chuan’s pressure was high indeed.


 This was very normal, in running competitions, the person at the very front has the greatest mental pressure. Thus, many strategies revolved around conserving energy, only attempting to go all out at the end.


 The greater the mental pressure, the greater the burden on the body. Especially when Zheng Shan Chuan was seeing Fang Yuan refining Gu rapidly and catching up to him, he could not help but be flustered.


 “Such ability! He used more than ten refinement techniques, and he is still continuing. His mind is too strong, I cannot compete with him on this. Oh no, he is catching up...” Zheng Shan Chuan was a youngster, Fang Yuan’s rapid speed was making his mouth dry, his heart was pounding.


 His gaze was firm: “Forget it, I’ll use my trump card and leave you in the dust!”


 Zheng Shan Chuan made up his mind, his refinement speed slowed, his mind entered his aperture as he activated his Gu worms.


 “Is Little Chuan going to...” The master and disciple had great mutual understanding, after seeing his actions, Old Man Qi Shan understood Zheng Shan Chuan’s plan, he became nervous.


 “Zheng Shan Chuan’s Gu refinement speed is slowing.” Soon, the spectators noticed this change.


 “Are the steps ahead going to be very difficult, he needs to recompose himself?” Many people were making guesses, they did not know the recipe of careful Gu, they were inaccurate in their conjectures.


 At this time, Zheng Shan Chuan breathed in deeply, his eyes shined with a golden light as his body was covered in a golden glow.


 He stretched out his right hand rapidly, his open palm was facing down and pressing heavily.


 In an instant, all of the golden light in his eyes and body gathered on his right hand.


 The golden light condensed and formed into a small golden bell.


 The golden bell spun slowly, covering all of the fire in which the refinement was occurring, it became faster and faster as it emitted a suction force.


 The Gu refinement materials that were gathered on the floor were all sucked into the golden bell.


 The golden bell only lasted for six breaths of time before it faded.


 But at the next moment, before everyone’s eyes, an incomplete careful Gu was formed.


 The crowd was in a commotion.


 “This is a refinement path killer move!”


 “Refinement path killer moves can be considered rarer than killer moves of other paths, Zheng Shan Chuan is still so young, yet he already knows a refinement path killer move.”


 “What is most precious is that he actually succeeded in using it. This lad’s talent is incredible, his future is unpredictable.”


 “Fang Yuan is in danger, he has the ability, but he was too careless.”


 “Hmph, Zheng Shan Chuan already had such a huge advantage, but he still used a killer move, it was all for victory, he is really stopping at nothing. In my opinion, even if Fang Yuan loses this, it was not disgraceful.”


 Zheng Shan Chuan let out a breath of turbid air, his expression was spirited: “I am definitely winning! I used my killer move and instantly grinded six Gu refinement materials, I completed the longest step in this Gu refinement already, I am way ahead of Fang Yuan now!”


 Old Man Qi Shan’s heart settled: “Even if Fang Yuan has a similar refinement path killer move, this is his first time refining careful Gu, he has zero experience. The usual procedure for this is to refine the six materials one by one while controlling the fire meticulously. If he uses a killer move to rush it, he would be causing his own doom. Even though Little Chuan took a risk, it was a good decision, he is definitely going to win.”


 The other Gu Masters were not familiar with careful Gu, they did not understand the situation. But Fang Yuan was in dire straits, any person could tell.


 By completing this step in advance, he really did solidify his victory. Zheng Shan Chuan stabilized his emotions and continued to refine Gu. His technique was fast and stable, he did not give Fang Yuan a chance.


 Fang Yuan was unmoved, he started to slowly refine the six materials, slowly boiling them as he refined the materials.


 This step was not hard at all, it was just time consuming.


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious in the least.



***
Chapter 835 - Promise of Three Matters


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time passed, Zheng Shan Chuan was finally at the last few steps of the refinement, the incomplete Gu worm in the fire was becoming more clear.


 To play safe, he looked at Fang Yuan again, he saw that Fang Yuan had just finished the previous step, he had fused the six materials together.


 By this point, Zheng Shan Chuan has to admire Fang Yuan’s calmness: “It is a pity, I am the victor of this duel. I will definitely get this green shine Gu!!”


 Zheng Shan Chuan was oozing with confidence, but when he retracted his gaze, Fang Yuan suddenly laughed loudly: “Hahaha, Zheng Shan Chuan, you lost, look at my refinement path killer move!”


 “What?” Zheng Shan Chuan’s heart shuddered, he immediately turned to look at Fang Yuan.


 Only to see that Fang Yuan took out a Gu worm and squashed it.


 Instantly, Zheng Shan Chuan’s pupils shrunk to the size of pins, as he was about to jump.


 He screamed at Fang Yuan angrily: “You! You actually destroyed green shine Gu!!”


 As he said this, the fire in his hands became unstable, it went out of control and exploded.


 The explosion was not intense, but after it occurred, Zheng Shan Chuan’s clean face was covered in soot, he was like charcoal, it was a sad sight.


 Zheng Shan Chuan was stunned on the spot, he froze like a statue.


 Such a huge change had occurred in mere moments!


 Everyone outside was silent for a few breaths before reacting, they were all shocked, their voices overlapped and caused a huge wave of chattering.


 “What a ruthless demonic path Gu Master!!”


 “He directly destroyed green shine Gu, causing Zheng Shan Chuan to lose control and fail the Gu refinement, all his hard work was wasted!”


 “This Fang Yuan is too good at scheming, he flipped the situation around instantly. Zheng Shan Chuan failed and has to restart the refinement now. Fang Yuan’s advantage is too great now, even if Zheng Shan Chuan repeats the process, he cannot catch up to Fang Yuan.”


 “Most importantly, he only destroyed his own Gu, this cannot be determined as him maliciously interfering with his opponent!”


 “Oh no, oh no! He actually did this, this actually happened!” Old Man Qi Shan was flustered.


 Zheng Shan Chuan suffered a huge blow, he took a long while before recovering.


 When he regained control of his mental state and restarted the Gu refinement, Fang Yuan was at the last step already.


 This duel no longer had any surprises, Fang Yuan was the eventual winner.


 “Exciting, this was too exciting.” The spectators were commenting with much enthusiasm.


 “Zheng Shan Chuan was too young and naive, he lost his bright future now. Sigh...” Some people felt pity.


 Of course, some people were happy, for example, An Han, but he was the first elder of a righteous sect, he could only be happy in secret, he had to express his sympathy towards Zheng Shan Chuan’s fate on the outside.


 The duel was over, Fang Yuan stood up as Zheng Shan Chuan stared at the flame in his hands blankly.


 He lost!


 He lost his life, his bright future to a mysterious demonic path Gu Master in a duel.


 How could this be? What should he do?


 Zheng Shan Chuan felt that his future was bleak, there was no hope.


 “Senior, please spare him! Both of us had eyes but failed to recognize Mount Tai, we offended senior. Please be magnanimous, my disciple is still young and innocent, please let him go. I am willing to replace him and contribute all of my savings in exchange for his freedom. Please have mercy on us, please spare us!”


 Old Man Qi Shan knelt on the ground, kowtowing to Fang Yuan non stop.


 The old man’s head hit the floor, causing a wave of loud thudding sounds, his face was covered in blood.


 “Master, master!” Zheng Shan Chuan was jolted to awareness, he hurried over and tried to help Old Man Qi Shan get up.


 But Old Man Qi Shan was insistent, he pushed his disciple away as he continued to kowtow, begging for mercy.


 “Master...” Zheng Shan Chuan’s face was full of tears, with a splat, he knelt down facing Old Man Qi Shan.


 Everyone looked at this with varying expressions.


 Flying Frost Sect’s leader showed a look of regret and sympathy.


 An Han was coldly sneering internally.


 But the duel was over, how could the terms be changed under everyone’s watchful gazes? Unless Fang Yuan was willing to let them go, but he was a ruthless demonic cultivator, Zheng Shan Chuan was a refinement path master at such a young age, how could Fang Yuan let him go?


 Even if it were the righteous path Gu Masters in his position, they would not let Zheng Shan Chuan go.


 The cruel and harsh side of the Refinement Path Convention was displayed in front of everyone.


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan said to Old Man Qi Shan: “It is not impossible to let him go.”


 An Han’s mental sneer froze, the place went silent.


 “What?” Zheng Shan Chuan was stunned.


 Old Man Qi Shan was the first to react, he was overjoyed: “Thank you senior for your magnanimity, thank you senior for your kindness!”


 Fang Yuan smiled, his tone was warm and kind: “People should be kind to one another, that is also being kind to oneself.”


 Everyone heard this and showed looks of disbelief.


 Weren’t his words too fake? Who was it who destroyed the green shine Gu earlier and made a young lad lose?


 An Han’s expression changed, he screamed inwardly: “Hey, are you still a demonic path Gu Master? Quickly act ruthless! What are you saying, are you not cold at all, are you trying to make the entire demonic path lose face?!”


 Fang Yuan’s words changed: “But, since you offended me, you need to be punished.”


 Everyone immediately restored their composure.


 An Han calmed down, he was overjoyed: “Oh, so this is it, he is trying to toy with their relationship. Hahaha, that is right, this is the demeanor of the demonic path!”


 Zheng Shan Chuan’s expression tightened.


 Old Man Qi Shan started to kowtow again, he shouted: “Lord, please have mercy!”


 “Forget it, I will not make you my slave for life, I want you to do three things. But now, you are not qualified yet, to do things for me. As for what these three matters are, hehe, I have not decided yet. Maybe I will not make you do any in your entire life. Maybe in the next moment, I will ask you to do three matters, it will all depend on my mood.” Fang Yuan said slowly.


 His voice was not loud, but the people were quiet, listening to him.


 Old Man Qi Shan sighed out in relief, he shouted while holding back his tears: “Thank you, lord, for your mercy!”


 Zheng Shan Chuan lowered his head: “Junior thanks senior.”


 Three matters compared to being a slave for life, the former was much easier to accept. Central Continent was dominated by the righteous path, if Zheng Shan Chuan had the identity of a demonic path Gu Master’s slave, even if he had refinement path talent, he would be unable to be successful and make a name for himself.


 But handling these three matters was just an agreement. Having an agreement between righteous path and demonic path Gu Masters was nothing much. Zheng Shan Chuan’s future was still very bright.


 Looking at the master and disciple who were extremely grateful to him, Fang Yuan laughed, ordering: “Both of you, bite your tongues and give me a drop of blood from the tips of your tongues.”


 Old Man Qi Shan and Zheng Shan Chuan looked at each other, they bit their tongues and gave the blood to Fang Yuan with much fear.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his right arm and his five fingers closed up, grasping the two drops of blood in his hand.


 Next, he moved his hand, grinding with his fingers as black smoke emerged from the spaces between his fingertips.


 When the black smoke faded, Fang Yuan opened his hand, showing two Gu worms.


 Old Man Qi Shan and Zheng Shan Chuan were staring with wide opened eyes, these two Gu were a pair of rank four Gu.


 Everyone gasped.


 Fang Yuan was actually so formidable, he refined a pair of rank four Gu in a few breaths’ time.


 “This is the technique of blood path! He actually has such astounding blood path Gu refinement techniques!” Flying Frost Sect’s higher-ups were showing dark expressions.


 Even the demonic path Gu Masters outside showed looks of wariness.


 Blood path was notorious, it was even more vile than using soul path techniques to burn human souls! Righteous path members would hunt it down, even the demonic path often excluded it.


 “This pair of rank four Gu can sense each other. You two will take one, I will take the other. If I have anything to request of you, I will send someone over carrying this blood path Gu worm as the symbol. These two blood path Gu worms can sense each other and tell if they are real. Even if you die in the future, these three matters will extend to your children, descendants, disciples and other later generations. Are you willing? If not, be my slave.” Fang Yuan said.


 “Willing, we are willing.” Old Man Qi Shan replied hurriedly.


 Fang Yuan’s hand moved, and one of the blood path Gu worms was tossed to Old Man Qi Shan.


 He tossed Zheng Shan Chuan another Gu.


 When Zheng Shan Chuan received this Gu, he was stunned, he stammered: “This... this is green shine Gu?”


 Fang Yuan stored the other blood path Gu worm away as he said slowly, laughing: “Did you really think I destroyed green shine Gu?”


 As he laughed, he left the dumbfounded Gu Masters behind, turning around and leaving.


 Zheng Shan Chuan looked blankly at Fang Yuan leaving, as Old Man Qi Shan stored the blood path Gu worm carefully. He did not dare to violate this agreement, their witnesses were not just Flying Frost Sect, but the entire Refinement Path Convention itself.


 All of the competitions, including this duel, were recorded. Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects and all of the forces that joined the Refinement Path Convention had the evidence, he could not deny it.


 “Master, you need to heal the injury on your head.” Zheng Shan Chuan quickly got up, helping Old Man Qi Shan up.


 “Go, quickly leave, we cannot stay here anymore!” Old Man Qi Shan was intimidated by Fang Yuan’s methods, he was truly shell-shocked now, he urged his disciple to leave this terrifying place.


 With this, Zheng Shan Chuan backed out of the competition, no longer joining the rest of the rounds.


 But he had obtained green shine Gu, his original goal.


 After this matter, Old Man Qi Shan gave Zheng Shan Chuan a good lesson using this as an example, telling him how vicious Fang Yuan’s methods were, he truly had a grasp on the nature of people, he next told Zheng Shan Chuan about the jealousy of Flying Frost Sect’s first elder, An Han, towards the talents of others, he was the person surreptitiously encouraging this duel.


 Zheng Shan Chuan matured greatly from this matter, he finally understood his own shortfalls, as well as the vicious nature of the world. For most of his life, he tried all sorts of ways to treat Old Man Qi Shan while raising his refinement path attainment, keeping a low profile. When he was fifty-three years old, he healed Old Man Qi Shan’s poison, when he was eighty-eight years old, he became a refinement path grandmaster without causing much of a disturbance. In his final years, he returned to Central Continent’s east coast, creating a sect that he named after himself, it was called Shan Chuan Hall.


 His life ended at a hundred and fifty years old, he did not join the Refinement Path Convention ever again.


 As for the agreement of those three matters, that was another story.



***
Chapter 836 - Preliminary Success of Vaguely Familiar Face


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After the second round of the Refinement Path Convention ended, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Some time had passed in the blessed land already, Mo Yao’s will had recovered from Fang Yuan’s arrangements, he could search again.


 Fang Yuan had no pity for her, he conducted will searching on Mo Yao’s will.


 This time, he obtained quite a few Gu refinement techniques that Mo Yao knew, including a refinement path killer move.


 In these memories of Mo Yao’s fake will, many were related to details of Gu refinement.


 In this aspect, Mo Yao was a refinement path grandmaster, while Fang Yuan was only a quasi-grandmaster, Mo Yao was also a certain generation’s fairy of Spirit Affinity House, the refinement path techniques that she had expanded his vision quite a bit.


 After Fang Yuan learned them, he felt that he benefited greatly.


 Usually, when masters teach their disciples, they might keep some secrets to themselves or hide their trump cards, as the saying goes: a teacher dies of starvation after teaching his student.


 Mo Yao’s will was now Fang Yuan’s ‘master’, but she was teaching him without reserving anything.


 Fang Yuan had many benefits, on one hand, he learned all sorts of new Gu refinement techniques from Mo Yao’s fake will, on the other hand, he was revising the things he had learned.


 He intended to show his skills in the Refinement Path Convention, using all his ability to get the best result he could obtain.


 Because this concerned the Infallible inheritance.


 Looking over the current situation, Fang Yuan estimated that it was still safe for him to join the Refinement Path Convention. But as time passes, the risk of undertaking such actions would be uncertain.


 The toppling of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was too huge of a matter, Fang Yuan was a lone force, he could only stall them, it was impossible to completely hide the truth from the investigative forces of Northern Plains and Central Continent.


 If the five regions chaotic war was soon to occur, the five regions would be busy fending for themselves, Fang Yuan would be able to conceal the truth.


 But unfortunately, the five regions chaotic war was still hundreds of years away.


 Central Continent did not have much chaos under the control of the ten great ancient sects. Northern Plains’ situation had improved in stability after the battle between Old Ancestor Xue Hu against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang.


 “One day, the truth that I caused True Yang Building’s collapse will be exposed. By then, I will have arrest warrants from Central Continent and Northern Plains, the other three regions might also come after me due to Giant Sun’s true inheritance. Hu Immortal blessed land would no longer be unaffected by the outside world, it would be attacked immediately. Thus, before the truth is exposed, I have to develop myself during this period of time.”


 Fang Yuan could clearly discern his future circumstances.


 Once the truth was exposed, Fang Yuan would have to start a life as a fugitive.


 Thus, he has to increase his strength as much as he could, using all opportunities that came, or even create them if they didn’t come.


 Right now, the Refinement Path Convention was a huge opportunity.


 This was only the second round of the Refinement Path Convention, towards the middle and late stages, the first place rewards would be immortal essence stones, immortal materials, Immortal Gu recipes, or immortal killer moves.


 If one obtained a good position during the final competition, they would be qualified to obtain the reward from the Infallible inheritance.


 Thus, even if he attracted the attentions of people and was high profile, Fang Yuan could not care less.


 Also, his duel with Feng Jin Huang was well known by everyone already, almost all of the higher-ups in the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent knew about it. Fang Yuan could not lay low even if he wanted to.


 One day, when news that he was the culprit behind True Yang Building’s collapse gets exposed, his name would spread over the five regions, he would be extremely famous!


 By then, he would face a difficult and dangerous challenge.


 The entire world would be his enemy, countless Gu Immortals would chase down Fang Yuan, in their opinions, Fang Yuan certainly would have obtained countless benefits from Giant Sun’s true inheritance.


 “I have to use this last stretch of time to develop, accumulating immortal essence stones, immortal materials, and raising my battle strength to the limit, most importantly, I need to get rid of my immortal zombie body, and regain a living body!”


 Immortal zombies could not produce immortal essence, even his usual cultivation expenses were dragging Fang Yuan down. Looking at most of the immortal zombies in Zombie Alliance, they had to be careful and calculative in every battle.


 If Fang Yuan was still an immortal zombie when he was a fugitive, he would face immense danger, it might even be the cause of his demise.


 Thus, in the following days, Fang Yuan had to join the Refinement Path Convention and practice his Gu refinement techniques, but he also had to deduce and use large numbers of star thought Gu to modify the immortal killer move, vaguely familiar face.


 This killer move was an urgent matter, it was his best way to change the situation for the better. Other matters could not compare to it, they were put aside by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan got through the third, fourth, and fifth rounds.


 He had outstanding capability, his quasi-grandmaster refinement path attainment was uncommon even among Gu Immortals. He got first place in all five competitions, with such a record, his reputation was surging.


 Fang Yuan’s name started to circulate everywhere. Everyone who heard of it knew that he was a demonic path Gu cultivator, he was skilled in refinement path and had many Gu refinement techniques, he had a deep foundation.


 The day before the sixth round, Fang Yuan finally reached preliminary success in the deduction of the immortal killer move vaguely familiar face.


 “It was not easy at all!” Fang Yuan walked out of the underground cave, he was really excited, almost to the point of tears.


 The process of deducing and modifying this immortal killer move was very difficult. Fang Yuan’s wisdom path and transformation path attainment levels were entirely too low, he was like a child pushing a stone mill, going one step at a time.


 To get his current results, Fang Yuan had expended all of the star thought Gu he had obtained from Dong Fang Chang Fan by the fourth round of the competition. Thankfully, he had the stone nests and large numbers of hairy men, he had been continuously refining and accumulating star thought Gu.


 That gave Fang Yuan enough resources in order to obtain a ‘vaguely familiar face’ that he could utilize.


 As has been mentioned previously, Immortal Gu were unique, Fang Yuan did not have a single one of vaguely familiar face’s three core Immortal Gu (They were in Feng Jiu Ge’s hands).


 If Fang Yuan wanted to use vaguely familiar face, he could only change the core Gu and modify the killer move. Furthermore, it would be best if this Immortal Gu was one that Fang Yuan currently had.


 Right now, Fang Yuan achieved this aim.


 The modified vaguely familiar face that he deduced was greatly simplified in comparison to the original, it only had one core Immortal Gu — eat strength Immortal Gu.


 His other Immortal Gu, like Fixed Immortal Travel, Self Strength, iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu and so on were incompatible. Or rather, Fang Yuan’s attainment level was too low, he could not make use of these Gu in this regard.


 Fang Yuan could use eat strength Immortal Gu as the core to activate vaguely familiar face, this was mostly due to his rich foundation as a strength path grandmaster.


 Using ‘eat strength’ Immortal Gu as the core to use vaguely familiar face, the effect was very limited.


 Once the killer move was used, it could not change Fang Yuan’s appearance, but it could change his aura.


 Fang Yuan was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, once he had to exert himself seriously, his aura would leak out and be exposed, along with his identity. But if he used this version of vaguely familiar face activated by eat strength Immortal Gu, he could change his aura and turn his Northern Plains Gu Immortal aura into that of Central Continent, Southern Border, Eastern Sea, or Western Desert. If the other party was not a Gu Immortal skilled in investigation, they would not be able to expose him.


 In fact, Old Lord Can Yang had such a method.


 When Old Lord Can Yang helped Dong Fang Chang Fan, he fought with the band of demonic path immortals in an intense battle. But from start to finish, he was showing a Northern Plains aura, he did not display any relationship with Central Continent. This was evidently an immortal killer move, this was an indication of Immortal Crane Sect’s plentiful foundation.


 But Fang Yuan created vaguely familiar face in a rush, the effect was weaker than Old Lord Can Yang’s move.


 Old Lord Can Yang could fight intensely against a large number of Northern Plains Gu Immortals without exposing his true Central Continent aura. Fang Yuan knew clearly that his version of vaguely familiar face could not do that.


 Furthermore, the use of this killer had a huge weakness, the price was very high.


 Each time he used it, he would need to consume several strength path dao marks!


 Eat strength Immortal Gu’s effect was to allow the Gu Immortal to eat immortal materials that were full of pure strength path dao marks, and extract the natural strength path dao marks from them, adding them to the Gu Immortal’s body.


 Fang Yuan faced many failures in his deductions, he eventually racked his brains and placed his target on himself.


 As a strength path immortal zombie, his body purely consisted of strength path dao marks. As for the time path and space path dao marks in his immortal aperture, they were not related to his body. Looking at another example, Hu Immortal blessed land had earth path, space path, time path, and enslavement path dao marks, but Hu Immortal’s body when she was alive only had enslavement path dao marks. After she died, the enslavement path dao marks on her body were all transferred into her blessed land.


 Thus, Fang Yuan decided to ‘eat’ his own body. He used eat strength Immortal Gu as the core, by supplementing large numbers of mortal Gu, he expended strength path dao marks in order to disguise his aura.


 Even though this immortal killer move effect was not great, it could not meet Fang Yuan’s requirements, and also had a huge drawback, but it was at least usable.


 It was already very fortunate that he obtained such a result. He had thought that his deduction would end in utter failure. Having a preliminary success was already very satisfactory to him.


 The highest credit had to go to wisdom Gu, under the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan had unlimited inspiration, he could forcefully make the strength path Immortal Gu into the core of vaguely familiar face.


 With the joy of success, Fang Yuan entered the sixth round of the competition and got first place.


 Returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, he rested for a short while before using Fixed Immortal Travel to go to Western Desert.


 Western Desert, impassable dunes.


 Winds were blowing as sand was scattered in the air.


 The Gu Masters of Xiao clan were all in a battle formation, they were fighting intensely with the hidden sand spiders.


 These hidden sand spiders were all the size of elephants, their bodies were covered in a layer of glazed exoskeleton, they were skilled at moving in the sand.


 Hidden sand spiders emerged from the sand, their mouths were sharp and dangerous, they attacked the Xiao clan Gu Masters. Fang Yuan watched them from the sky, he estimated that there were at least thirty thousand of these hidden sand spiders!


 But Xiao clan was a super force of Western Desert, the Xiao clan Gu Masters had exemplary skill in battle, they also had rich experience in dealing with hidden sand spiders. Thus, the situation was tilted in favor of the humans.


 Fang Yuan only took a look before moving his gaze to behind the hidden sand spider group.


 This was a huge area of sand dunes.


 Within this area, fierce winds were moving about as the sky turned dark, countless beasts were growling.


 If one looked closely, they would realize that these sand dunes were moving slowly!



***
Chapter 837 - Doing Business in Western Desert


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This was one of the seven most famous natural wonders of Western Desert – the movement of hundreds of thousands of sand dunes. It was like heaven was using a brush to sweep past most of the Western Desert, drawing a curved line. In this fixed curved path of moving sand dunes, there were no oases, no beasts and no rocks, there was only yellow sand. No one could stop it, even rank eight Gu Immortals were powerless.


 For these enormous moving sand dunes, Western Desert’s people named them impassable dunes, revealing their helplessness and confusion towards nature’s might.


 “Impassable dunes...” Fang Yuan, however, narrowed his eyes, and flew straight towards the sand dunes.


 He had concealed his figure, and flew right above the battlefield on the ground, but no one detected him.


 Several of Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals were fighting on the impassable dunes, but they were at the periphery, even these Gu Immortals could not explore the inner areas.


 Their opponents were three enormous hidden sand spider queens, each was a desolate beast.


 These hidden sand spider queens were like fish in water amidst the sandstorm, their hill-like colossal bodies were constantly letting out hidden sand spider groups.


 However, Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals were well arranged and in good order.


 Xiao Hu Chi led the charge as the leader, shouting and roaring as he immersed himself in the thrill of battle.


 The deputy leader, Xiao Shi Rang, sighed, transmitting: “Leader, it is almost time, we have already achieved our objective of training them, we should order our Gu Masters to retreat now.”


 “If you had not said this, I would have forgotten it! Handle this by yourself, hahaha, these three hidden sand spider queens have weakened greatly, it is time to capture them.” Xiao Hu Chi laughed wildly and was just about to attack, when his gaze suddenly focused in front of him and towards his left. He shouted: “Who’s there?!”


 Boom!


 The reply was a giant hand that passed through the sandstorm with an imposing air, directly grabbing a hidden sand spider queen.


 Xiao Hu Chi stared with a furious expression, but this giant hand’s timing was perfect, that hidden sand spider queen had just been forced back by Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals when the giant hand smoothly grabbed it from behind, as if this hidden sand spider queen had gone straight into a trap.


 “Such guts! You dare to challenge Xiao clan in our territory!!”


 “Thief, you want to reap the fruits of our labor, you are unforgivable!”


 “Everyone, attack and capture this person, I, Xiao Hu Chi, must see who is so daring!”


 Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals were furiously about to attack when suddenly, seven strength path giant hands emerged from the sandstorm.


 Bam bam bam!


 Intense banging sounded out, five rank six Gu Immortals of Xiao clan were routed in panic.


 Only Xiao Hu Chi and Xiao Shi Rang, the two rank sevens, were able to fight equally with two giant hands.


 “This is rank seven battle strength!”


 “The enemy is extremely powerful, the two leaders have used their signature killer moves, but they actually haven’t made progress!!”


 “The other party still doesn’t seem to have used all their strength. This is the first time I have seen this strength path killer move, who in the world is this person?”


 Immediately, Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals revealed heavy expressions.


 “No need to be nervous, I have no malicious intentions. Look.” Fang Yuan slowly flew out and revealed his appearance, his expression having a slight smile.


 Everyone’s gazes turned towards that hidden sand spider queen, which was already clenched firmly in the grasp of the strength path giant hand, screeching in pain and struggling desperately.


 “Captured just like that...”


 “This immortal killer move is really strong!”


 Xiao Hu Chi and Xiao Shi Rang glanced at each other, seeing the vigilance in each other’s eyes.


 If it were them, they could not accomplish this so easily. Otherwise, Xiao clan would not have sent so many Gu Immortals to capture the hidden sand spider queens.


 Fang Yuan was able to accomplish this easily, one reason was because he had grasped the correct timing, when the hidden sand spider queen was greatly weakened, another reason was that after the merging of a second Immortal Gu, Pulling Mountain, into myriad self giant hand, its might had greatly increased and had even more power against earth path desolate beasts like hidden sand spider queens.


 After grabbing the hidden sand spider queen, Fang Yuan appeared in front of Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals of his own accord.


 “Sir, who might you be? What is your intention?” Sensing Fang Yuan’s good intention, Xiao Hu Chi asked in a low voice.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “I am nothing more than a nameless lone cultivator of Western Desert, living in seclusion over my life. Not long ago, I had no choice but to become an immortal zombie, only then did I come out into the open. I am here because I want to do a long term trade with your esteemed clan. I wonder if you are interested in regretful spider groups?”


 “Oh? Regretful spiders?” Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals felt joyous.


 Xiao clan possessed an Immortal Gu House, Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor, ‘ten thousand li’ was only a general name, the entire Immortal Gu House was far longer than ten thousand li.


 This Immortal Gu House had a very special function, as long as there were enough mortal spider Gu, it could be spread out and built everywhere. If looked on from a bird’s eye point of view, it would resemble a giant spider web spread over Western Desert.


 And the surface of the floor of this Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor was smooth like silk. Anything placed on it could be transported at an extremely fast speed.


 Xiao clan was one of the richest among Western Desert’s super forces. The most important reason was because Xiao clan possessed this Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor.


 Any Immortal Gu House was a unified construct involving defense, attack, movement, healing, investigative and other aspects.


 Be it Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Water Pavilion, Heaven Overseeing Tower, Red Fiend Divine Boat, Profound Ice House or any other Immortal Gu House, they all were like this, they could be considered war fortresses.


 Xiao clan spread Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor everywhere, transporting goods and earning a fortune. However, Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor’s usage consumed large numbers of mortal spider Gu.


 Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor was Xiao clan’s economic lifeline, thus Xiao clan had to gather a very large quantity of mortal spider Gu every year to maintain Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor.


 This time, Xiao Hu Chi and Xiao Shi Rang led the group to capture hidden sand spider queens, it was to raise them in the clan’s headquarters. Every set interval of time, the blood of the hidden sand spider queen would be drawn and their flesh would be cut, then the clan’s Gu Masters would gather to refine large amounts of mortal spider Gu.


 Despite Xiao clan’s own management fulfilling a portion of the requirement, there was still a shortfall left, which would have to be filled by purchasing large numbers of mortal spider Gu from the market.


 Moreover, the larger the number of mortal spider Gu and the greater the variety of them, the more beneficial it would be in the operation of Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor.


 Xiao clan’s Gu Immortal group was naturally excited, Xiao Hu Chi asked immediately: “How many regretful spiders do you have, sir, and how will we make the transaction?”


 Fang Yuan laughed, reporting a number, the joyous light in Xiao Hu Chi’s eyes faded in an instant.


 Fang Yuan then spoke: “I can supply your esteemed clan with this number of mortal spider Gu every month.”


 Xiao Hu Chi beamed with delight.


 “As for how to trade them...” Fang Yuan said slowly: “Isn’t your Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor the best way? Give me a token for a nearby node of Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor, every month on the thirtieth, I will arrive at this node, place the goods and take the payment.”


 “Then what is the price of sir’s goods?” Xiao Shi Rang chipped in.


 “No rush.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, “Let’s discuss the price after you look at the quality of the goods.”


 Fang Yuan took out a sample, Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals were greatly pleased at the quality.


 These regretful spiders came from a super force of Northern Plains, Dong Fang tribe, it would be strange if Xiao clan’s Gu Immortals were not satisfied.


 Fang Yuan quoted a price.


 After a round of bargaining, the two sides settled on a price and completed the first transaction on the spot. Xiao Hu Chi made the payment on behalf of Xiao clan, and Fang Yuan also obtained a node token.


 After the completion of the transaction, he turned around and left.


 Xiao Hu Chi and the rest of the group returned to Xiao clan’s headquarters, and immediately reported this to Xiao clan’s first supreme elder.


 The first supreme elder slowly nodded his head after learning of the details: “Little Hu, you did well, the contribution points for this task will be doubled.”


 Xiao Hu Chi said in a heavy voice: “Lord, it is just that this person appeared too suddenly. A rank six immortal zombie with rank seven battle strength! Does lord know of his origins?”


 The first supreme elder smiled indifferently: “Western Desert is vast, there are naturally many Gu Immortals who remain in seclusion, this is not something I can know completely. Immortal zombies cannot produce immortal essence by themselves, it is not strange for them to be forced to come out of seclusion. Since this person wants to do business sincerely, we will cooperate with them for now. Our clan has an unceasing demand for mortal spider Gu. If the cooperation is pleasant, there is no problem with handing out one of Xiao clan’s transaction tokens to him.”


 “Lord, are we not going to investigate him?”


 The first supreme elder thought for a moment before saying: “I know what you mean, since the other party can supply goods for a long time, he must have other blessed lands. Okay... investigate him a little for a while, we cannot treat him like a normal immortal zombie. The most important thing right now is the contest with Dong clan to occupy the market in the northwest side. We need to spread Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor as fast as possible.”


 “I understand, lord first supreme elder.” Xiao Hu Chi saw the first supreme elder shutting his eyes to rest, he understood the message and gave a respectful bow before quietly leaving.


 A few days later.


 Central Continent, Floating Flower Riverbank, Hearing Wave Pavilion.


 The large force, Hearing Wave Pavilion, was generally a secluded sect, but it was now bustling like a market.


 This was the one of the test locations for the seventh round of the Refinement Path Convention.


 A round of the competition had just ended.


 Everyone in the audience was discussing and exclaiming, with countless gazes gathered on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was clothed in a black robe, he wore a mask on his face, just like previously. Silently and unhurriedly, he walked out of the stage.


 Many gazes moved followed his slow movement, while another portion of people stared at the rankings on the wall with shock.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s name was imprinted on first place!


 “Demonic cultivator Fang Yuan has seized first place seven times in a row! Amazing, truly amazing, this performance means he has master level attainment at least!”


 “With such talents and ability, there is a high chance that he can pass the famous nightmarish eighth round of the Refinement Path Convention.”


 “When can I have such ability?” Among the crowd, Hong Yi gazed at Fang Yuan’s receding figure, his heart filled with yearning. For some reason, while others disliked Fang Yuan’s style as a demonic cultivator, Hong Yi, as a disciple of the righteous path’s Universal Life Academy, did not feel any dislike towards Fang Yuan.


 Hong Yi had great luck and huge potential, but his skills were too thinly spread out and he was eliminated pitifully at the second round.


 “Do you guys think Fang Yuan can fight his way into the finals just like this?”


 “Youngster, you are thinking about the finals now? Hehehe, it is too early, too early!”


 “That’s right, who knows how many dragons and snakes are in Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention, the water here is too deep. The previous seven rounds were no more than the initial portion of the competition. The true essence and brilliance of the Refinement Path Convention lies in the later parts of the competition.”



***
Chapter 838 - Origin of the Refinement Path Convention


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Under everyone’s discussions, Fang Yuan slowly started walking out of Hearing Wave Pavilion.


 Everywhere he went, the crowds of people opened up a path for him.


 Even though Fang Yuan was a demonic path Gu cultivator, those of the righteous path felt distaste and repulsion regarding it, but they had no choice but to admire his refinement path attainment. Especially in such a special environment like the Refinement Path Convention, this was a special time where demonic cultivators could enter the righteous path forces openly, the mentality of Gu Masters was slightly different now, they were focusing on champions of refinement path.


 At the outer gate of Hearing Wave Pavilion, several Gu Masters from their respective forces were shouting loudly and selling information, it was a booming business.


 “Attention, attention, the newest information has been updated, there is the most comprehensive results list in this Refinement Path Convention, we even have the results of the seventh round.”


 “Do you want to know the top one hundred Gu refinement geniuses most favored in this competition? Then come take a look! One shadow image Gu for a minimum price of fifty primeval stones. We will sell it for the highest prices offered, until we run out of stock!”


 “A famous wisdom path Gu Master’s conjecture towards the ranking of the participants in this small competition of Central Continent sects, there are also the grudges of the ten great ancient sects! A set of information for only ten primeval stones! It is a steal!”


 “To think that the results of the seventh round are already out.” Fang Yuan heard this and he was inwardly moved.


 But when he saw the attire of the Gu Master selling the information, he understood why.


 This Gu Master selling the information of the seventh round was wearing the clothes of ‘Lightning Information Sect’.


 Lightning Information Sect was a super force created by a Gu Immortal, it was obviously far inferior to the ten great ancient sects. Lightning Information Sect’s creator, Mi Lan Guang, was originally a lightning path Gu Immortal from Wind Cloud Manor. Because he broke the sect rules, he was crippled in his cultivation and expelled from the sect.


 In order to sustain a living, he was forced to cultivate information path, combined with his lightning path cultivation experience, he created a set of unique information path Gu worms. In the end, he developed at a much faster pace than before.


 He created Lightning Information Sect, after more than a hundred years of development, it was already a first-rate sect that was skilled in information path among the forces of Central Continent. Even the ten great ancient sects bought information from them at times.


 Fang Yuan walked to this Gu Master and threw him ten primeval stones: “Give me a copy.”


 The Lightning Information Sect Gu Master received the primeval stones in a hurry, he took a look at Fang Yuan and was shocked: “Oh, sir, is sir Lord Fang Yuan?! It is my greatest honor to be able to provide this information to you, how could I accept any primeval stones? Sir, please take it back, this information will be given to you for free.”


 Saying so, he passed the ten primeval stones back to Fang Yuan with both hands.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “It is your reward.”


 The Gu Master smiled in a fawning manner: “Then I will thank lord for the reward! Lord, this is the information you want, I thank you for purchasing this on behalf of Lightning Information Sect. If you could spare us a moment of your time and accept the interview of our sect, we will give you immortal materials as compensation!”


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, receiving the Gu Master’s information path Gu worm as he walked away.


 “Lord, take care.” The Gu Master saw that Fang Yuan rejected him and did not say anything else, after all, Fang Yuan was a rank five demonic cultivator, he stood on the spot and sent Fang Yuan off, gazing after him, only until Fang Yuan was gone did he continue to shout loudly and promote his information.


 Fang Yuan walked as he diverted a portion of his thoughts into the new information path Gu worm..


 This information path Gu was only rank one, it was simple to refine, it was not worth mentioning.


 But the point was the information inside, that was the thing that was valued at ten primeval stones.


 Fang Yuan inspected it and found out that there were over eight thousand people that got through all seven rounds of the Refinement Path Convention.


 These people were able to get through the seven rounds, they would essentially be quasi-masters at least, of course, among them, there were some lucky ones with lower attainment levels.


 But here, speaking of those with lower capability was only relative to the experts, they were not at Hong Yi’s level. People like him were already completely eliminated by the third round.


 Initially, there were hundreds of thousands of people who signed up. Most of these people were Central Continent Gu Masters, there were also people from Southern Border and the other regions. After seven rounds, only eight thousand were left, it was not even ten thousand, one could see how intense the elimination rate was.


 And among them, only four hundred or so were people who had gotten the top three places in all seven rounds of the competition.


 These were talented people who were at least refinement path masters.


 This number of four hundred might appear high, but in a huge region like Central Continent, they were truly a small fraction, these people were at the top of the pyramid.


 In any path, people of master level were rare. Compared to other paths, refinement path could be considered much deeper and harder, the proportion of masters was even lower.


 Among these four hundred, only eighty or so had gotten first place in all seven rounds.


 Undeniably, these eighty were the focal group of the focal group, they were the pivotal characters.


 Fang Yuan was among them.


 According to the experts’ evaluation, his name was only at the middle-upper position.


 This was the result when Fang Yuan did not bother concealing his ability, one could see how intense the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was, talented people were emerging everywhere, it was not easy to defeat these refinement path geniuses and stand at the top.


 Of course, this ranking was only an estimate, it did not represent their true level.


 The tests in the seven rounds could not evaluate Fang Yuan’s limits, at the same time, he had a mysterious background, even if they wanted to make a guess, they had no way to do so. These reasons caused his ranking to be at the thirtieth position or so.


 Fang Yuan looked at this ranking and found many familiar names.


 Firesmith Dragon Chief, Fang Huai, Tian Min Mie, Feng Jin Huang, Yu Mu Chun, Lui Pin Tian, Dou Ping Tan, Qu Wen... all these people had high statuses in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 Undeniably, they were all outstanding people, shining stars lined up one after another, Fang Yuan felt a strong, piercing light coming from them.


 “Among these people, some were superstars during the five regions chaotic war. Even though some of their rankings might be low now, they were immortals in the future. Some even were refinement path grandmasters during their lifetimes.”


 Fang Yuan felt pressure inwardly.


 Fang Yuan was a refinement path quasi-grandmaster, he was one step away from grandmaster level. But this one step was very far away, it required great accumulation to make the breakthrough.


 Actually, in terms of refinement path talent, Fang Yuan was very ordinary.


 If his talent was insufficient, he could only make up for it with hard work.


 Fang Yuan’s accumulations from his previous life, along with his current life, forcefully elevated his refinement path attainment from master level to quasi-grandmaster level.


 Five hundred years of cultivation but only becoming a quasi-grandmaster, wasn’t he really useless?


 Look at Zheng Shan Chuan, he is so young but already a refinement path master!


 Talent was undeniably important.


 But there was another factor.


 Zheng Shan Chuan was a Gu Master that cultivated refinement path mainly, all of his efforts were placed in it. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan in both lives only cultivated refinement path on the side, during his previous life, he lived three hundred years at first, only cultivating blood path for the last two hundred years, and in this life he cultivated strength path.


 Being one’s main cultivation as opposed to being cultivated on the side, the amount of effort put into them was vastly different.


 If Fang Yuan did not cultivate blood path and strength path mainly, he might not have lived up to now. He was not fortunate like Zheng Shan Chuan, having a master to protect and nurture him along the way.


 Furthermore, attainment levels of paths were hard to raise, the higher one went, the more difficult it was. Before dream realms changed the five regions, to raise one’s attainment level, one could only work hard and accumulate their foundation while having ample talent.


 One could say that it was not easy for Fang Yuan to reach his current quasi-grandmaster attainment level!


 “With my ability, it will be difficult to even reach the top ten of the Refinement Path Convention. Meanwhile, to benefit from the Infallible inheritance, I need to be at least top six!”


 The Infallible inheritance was a refinement path inheritance. Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention had expanded over the years, initially, it was only a way for the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent to fight over the Infallible inheritance and split its benefits — using refinement path to hold a competition and determine the winner, to gain the most benefits for one’s own sect.


 But later, because the Infallible inheritance’s benefits were too great, it could even help in the recovery of fate Gu, therefore Heavenly Court took over it.


 Strictly speaking, the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent were representatives under Heavenly Court to manage affairs. Heavenly Court was the boss behind the scenes of the ten great ancient sects, since the boss wanted to take over, the ten great ancient sects could only accept it and cooperate to the best of their efforts.


 With Heavenly Court controlling it, Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention became famous throughout the region, and even expanded its influence over the world. Right now, each Refinement Path Convention would attract many people from the other four regions to participate.


 “Based on records from previous competitions, those who can reach the top three are refinement path grandmasters, or even quasi-great grandmaster level occasionally!”


 The quality of each competition’s Gu Masters vary, but the top ten were usually mostly refinement path grandmasters, sometimes, the seventh to tenth positions were refinement path quasi-grandmasters.


 When there were few people joining, and there were only three to four refinement path grandmasters, there would be refinement path quasi-grandmasters in the top six. But when there were many people, there would be seven to eight refinement path grandmasters in the top ten, then there would be few quasi-grandmasters who could reach a top ten position.


 This time, the standard was neither high nor low, there were five refinement path grandmasters.


 “I am best at blood path Gu refinement techniques. But right now, I do not have many blood path Gu worms, and if I use those blood path refinement techniques openly, I would be giving Immortal Crane Sect an excuse to attack Hu Immortal blessed land. To get top six, I need to scheme!” Fang Yuan thought about it and made up his mind.


 Sixteen days later, Central Continent.


 An Zu Earth Trench, Demon Expelling Sect.


 Demon Expelling Sect was a super force, there were three Gu Immortals in it. Its sphere of influence spread over an enormous range, it covered dozens of large forces, hundreds of middle sized forces, and countless small forces, including the insignificant Gu Master families.


 To be a test location of the eighth round was something Demon Expelling Sect’s main headquarters definitely had the qualifications for.


 Tens of thousands of Gu Masters rushed in on this day, to watch the exciting competitions of Gu refinement. Of course, the actual location was limited in space and could only hold a thousand people, but these one thousand people were not ordinary Gu Masters.


 Demon Expelling Sect had already made appropriate arrangements for the huge squares that could hold many ordinary spectators, once the eighth round started, the real-time broadcast of the competition would play in the air.



***
Chapter 839 - Fang Zhengs Inner Thoughts


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Zheng and another Immortal Crane Sect elder led over ten disciples into the competition venue.


 It was a hubbub of sound outside the stage. Over a thousand Gu Masters were sitting in the surroundings, discussing in murmurs while waiting for the eighth round to start.


 However, because there were too many people, even the softest whispers converged together to become an extremely clamorous scene.


 “Immortal Crane Sect’s elders and disciples.” Once they saw Fang Zheng’s group, the surrounding Gu Masters could not help but stare at them, the sounds of their discussions became softer.


 Compared to large and small forces, members of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sect members gave the feeling of royalty walking among common people.


 “That young man is actually wearing the attire of an Immortal Crane Sect elder, I am not hallucinating, right?”


 “Quiet down, can’t you sense his aura, he is a genuine rank five Gu Master!”


 “Making a fuss over nothing, it’s not like there aren’t Gu worms to maintain a youthful appearance...”


 “Look over there, they are Myriad Dragon Dock’s disciples and elders.”


 At the next moment, everyone’s gazes were attracted towards another group of people.


 The number of this group of Gu Masters was twice that of Immortal Crane Sect’s, with four elders leading the way and many elite disciples among the disciples.


 “Myriad Dragon Dock...” An elder of Immortal Crane Sect couldn’t help but focus his gaze.


 Of the ten great ancient sects, Myriad Dragon Dock could be said to have been in the limelight recently. And the reason was because of Vicious Lightning Fiend.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend was only a rank six Gu Immortal, but his battle strength was extremely outstanding.


 During his two years of closed cultivation, he created the immortal killer move lightning deity. After coming out of seclusion, he roamed around Central Continent, challenging countless Gu Immortals in his journey, most ended in his victory, there were few draws and very rarely did he lose.


 The more Vicious Lightning Fiend won, the greater his reputation soared, because he gained a lot of resources from the spars and duels, the amount of lightning deities that he owned increased instead of decreasing, there were a total of three now!


 Even before he had lightning deity, Vicious Lightning Fiend already had an impressive achievement of battling a rank seven Gu Immortal to a draw.


 Now with three lightning deities, his battle strength had increased explosively, even surpassing normal rank seven Gu Immortals. In his challenges, he had achievements of defeating many rank seven Gu Immortals.


 With rank six cultivation, winning against rank seven Gu Immortal was extremely rare. Especially praiseworthy was that Vicious Lightning Fiend had repeatedly challenged and won against rank seven Gu Immortals, he was at the peak of fame now, and the reputation of Myriad Dragon Dock, his affiliated sect, was also soaring with him.


 This was to the extent that the whole of Central Continent’s Gu Immortal world was starting to recognize Vicious Lightning Fiend as the strongest among rank six Gu Immortals of the current generation in Central Continent. Some battle hungry elders of Myriad Dragon Dock were so encouraged that they even proclaimed that Vicious Lightning Fiend was the next Shi Lei, the next Feng Jiu Ge.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend had immediately reprimanded them when he heard news of it: “Leave Shi Lei aside, but Lord Feng Jiu Ge is not someone I am qualified to compare with. Speak less of such things from now on!”


 The implication of his words was that he was able to match Shi Lei.


 Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei was a rank seven Gu Immortal of Combat Immortal Sect with outstanding battle strength, but he had firmly been pushed down by Feng Jiu Ge, unable to turn the situation around.


 It was rare to see a monster like Feng Jiu Ge even once in thousands of years, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects had been forced to accept it, respecting and fearing him.


 A series of victory fostered Vicious Lightning Fiend’s swagger, till he began to publicly challenge Shi Lei.


 Combat Immortal Sect’s people were naturally extremely indignant, but strangely, the violent natured Shi Lei was maintaining silence.


 This instead boosted Myriad Dragon Dock’s confidence, as they felt Shi Lei did not have certainty in dealing with Vicious Lightning Fiend, and was hiding like a coward.


 Of course, people who knew some of the inside story were aware that Vicious Lightning Fiend’s challenge was nothing more than Myriad Dragon Dock probing at Combat Immortal Sect. Combat Immortal Sect discovered Starry Sky grotto-heaven and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm within it, they had already covertly started attacking the grotto-heaven. And because they had withdrawn their Gu Immortal level battle strength from everywhere, the other nine sects were already starting to sense something amiss.


 However, such secrets were generally only known by Gu Immortal level higher-ups and characters.


 Thus, when Myriad Dragon Dock’s elders and disciples saw Fang Zheng’s group, they were clearly filled with arrogance.


 “Ah, it is Immortal Crane Sect’s people.”


 “Hehehe, what are you here for? To see how your elders fail?”


 “It’s useless, our Myriad Dragon Dock’s Lord Dragon Chief will definitely be the final winner, no doubt of it!”


 Myriad Dragon Dock’s Gu Masters immediately taunted and jeered.


 The competition between Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects was extremely intense, there was much rivalry between either side.


 Especially when Immortal Crane Sect had been showing weakness for a long time now, Myriad Dragon Dock’s members, with their increasing reputation, further looked down on Immortal Crane Sect.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples felt suffocated by anger, but they could not retort to them, maintaining their silence as Myriad Dragon Dock’s group brushed past them, before they sat at their arranged seats.


 “A bunch of cowards.” Someone said in disdain.


 Someone else ridiculed: “Hahaha, this is indeed the style of Immortal Crane Sect.”


 Immortal Crane Sect’s group looked even more unsightly.


 Some spectators were surprised at this and asked: “Immortal Crane Sect and Myriad Dragon Dock are both of the ten great ancient sects, why is Myriad Dragon Dock being so rampant?”


 Someone immediately replied: “There are stronger and weaker sects even among the ten great ancient sects. Immortal Crane Sect is weaker than Myriad Dragon Dock, this is known by everyone. Besides this, the participating Gu Master of Myriad Dragon Dock in this test is truly strong, it is that refinement path Gu Master who is called Firesmith Dragon Chief!”


 “What? Firesmith Dragon Chief is actually a Gu Master of Myriad Dragon Dock, isn’t he a lone cultivator?”


 “Hehe, didn’t you read the information from Lightning Information Sect? This Firesmith Dragon Chief had violated sect rules in his early years and was thrown out of Myriad Dragon Dock. He is participating in this Refinement Path Convention to get a good placing and return to Myriad Dragon Dock!”


 “So it was like that. It is said this Firesmith Dragon Chief has grandmaster attainment in refinement path! Even a person like this is begging to return to Myriad Dragon Dock, the appeal of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects is really enormous...”


 Over at Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Zheng and the other elder were quietly discussing.


 Fang Zheng asked: “I wonder, what is the possibility of our sect’s Elder Yan Tang succeeding in this round?”


 Fang Zheng did not have much skill in Gu refinement, he had trained hard and barely passed the four entry tasks, registering his name. However, he was miserably eliminated in the first round.


 Fortunately, large-scale competitions were all open contests and did not prohibit anyone from spectating.


 Fang Zheng’s status was also high, as an elder of Immortal Crane Sect. Elder Yan Tang, who had invited him to many banquets and drinks, was participating this time, be it privately or publicly, he had to come in support of Elder Yan Tang.


 The Immortal Crane Sect elder, sitting beside Fang Zheng, frowned at his question and sighed: “Elder Fang Zheng, you are also aware that Elder Yan Tang’s main cultivation is fire path, and he only cultivates refinement path on the side. Meanwhile Firesmith Dragon Chief’s main cultivation is refinement path and he cultivates fire path on the side. The gap is too large.”


 Fang Zheng still did not understand completely: “Even so, with Elder Yan Tang’s refinement path attainment, he should be able to place in the top three.”


 “Sigh!” The Immortal Crane Sect elder shook his head while smiling bitterly, “Elder Fang Zheng, you are not aware, after the seventh round of the Refinement Path Convention, it uses a cruel system of a single winner. In this huge Demon Expelling Sect test venue, only one Gu Master will be able to win and advance.”


 “What? It is actually like that!” Fang Zheng was shocked and was only able to react after a few breaths. He had experienced many setbacks, as such, the way he thought had changed, “Since the opponent is so strong, then why didn’t Elder Yan Tang go to another test venue? The Refinement Path Convention doesn’t restrict the participants from choosing the venue.”


 “Elder Fang Zheng, you are right in thinking of that. After all, retreating to progress forward is also a tactical victory. But unfortunately, other test venues have already been occupied by refinement path experts. Moreover... it was the higher ups’ decision to arrange Elder Yan Tang in this venue.” The final words were spoken quietly by the Immortal Crane Sect elder.


 Fang Zheng was alarmed and startled, if he still did not understand now, he would be an idiot!


 “So the higher ups had already made the decision to sacrifice Elder Yan Tang to probe Firesmith Dragon Chief?”


 He suddenly recalled his master, Lord Sky Crane’s words — Elder Yan Tang was isolated in Immortal Crane Sect, so he is inviting you to drinks to form a political alliance with you.


 ‘Because he is alone, he was chosen to be a sacrifice... Elder Yan Tang is probably filled with discontent. What if I was treated as a sacrifice one day?’


 The moment he thought of this, Fang Zheng suddenly remembered the miserable scene of him in the blood pool, with blood vines growing all over him.


 Ugh!


 The nightmarish memory surfaced again, Fang Zheng shuddered and gasped.


 “What’s wrong?” The elder beside him asked with concern.


 “Nothing.” Fang Zheng wiped his forehead, his palm swiping away a layer of cold sweat.


 He did not dare to think more, he was filled with panic and hesitation inside.


 Right at this time, the elder’s voice resounded in his ears: “All the participants have entered the venue, this round of the competition is about to begin.”


 Fang Zheng quickly raised his head, and saw over a hundred Gu Masters slowly stepping onto the stage.


 Fang Zheng saw Immortal Crane Sect’s Elder Yan Tang, who was expressionless, but his gaze was filled with discontent and helplessness.


 At another side, the red robed Firesmith Dragon Chief, however, had an arrogant expression as he gazed around, not concealing his disdain and contempt towards the surrounding participants.


 “A group of weaklings, it is my win for sure. Start already.” Firesmith Dragon Chief indifferently laughed loudly, openly urging Demon Expelling Sect’s hosting elder.


 The surrounding refinement path Gu Masters did not dare to refute this because of Firesmith Dragon Chief’s strength. Immortal Crane Sect’s Elder Yan Tang clenched his fists tightly and looked furious, but he unexpectedly remained silent.


 “Victory to Myriad Dragon Dock! Victory!!”


 “Firesmith Dragon Chief will win!”


 Myriad Dragon Dock’s group was cheering loudly, as if injected with morale. They were rampant, the surrounding spectators, however, could only sit quietly and watch all this happening.


 ‘Repulsive, truly repulsive!’ Fang Zheng still had the nature of a young man, he was clenching his teeth and shouting furiously inwardly, ‘Damn it, if only I had enough strength. I really hope someone will beat down this Firesmith Dragon Chief right now, and destroy this Myriad Dragon Dock group’s arrogance.’


 Seemingly responding to his wish, a figure quietly appeared. At first, no one paid attention, but when he stepped on the stage, countless gazes turned towards him.


 Black robe.


 Mask.


 Rank five demonic cultivator...


 Fang Yuan!


 Why is he here?


 The whole venue was silent before being sent into an uproar!



***
Chapter 840 - Fang Zheng’s Nightmare


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Nobody expected that Fang Yuan would show up here. According to the competition rules of Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention, from the eighth round onwards, there can only be one winner from each test venue.


 Thus, gradually, the whole of Central Continent’s test venues became domains to be dominated by skilled refinement path Gu Masters, like fierce beasts ruling over a territory..


 Unless they were forced to have no other choice, no beast would move out of their territory to challenge another beast.


 This was not sensible.


 The further they advanced, the higher the glory and rewards they could obtain. Having a decisive showdown early on would only let someone else reap the benefits.


 Thus, when they saw Fang Yuan, many Gu Masters guessed: “Does Fang Yuan have some enmity with Firesmith Dragon Chief?”


 The Demon Expelling Sect elder hosting this round of the competition also felt baffled, but showed no expression on his face.


 Fang Yuan’s entry was in accordance to the competition’s rules. As long as someone entered any test venue within the set time, their results would be recorded.


 Thus, even if there were people who wanted to obstruct someone, they could not do so under everyone’s gazes.


 “This person is Fang Yuan? Is he that famous owner of Hu Immortal blessed land in our sect?” Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples also began to guess.


 “Truthfully speaking, our sect’s Lord Fang Yuan is truly mysterious. I have yet to see his true appearance.”


 “This is Fang Yuan? Impossible. Central Continent is so large, there are also Gu Masters with the same name.”


 “Fang Yuan and Feng Jin Huang’s agreement has already been widely spread. Our Immortal Crane Sect has many exemption quotas, Fang Yuan could have simply conserved his energy and participated from the tenth round onwards.”


 Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples discussed, many of them stealthily glancing at Fang Zheng’s face.


 Fang Zheng’s lips were pursed tight, his face looked pale-white and his hands were clenched tightly within his large sleeves. They were brothers by blood, the moment Fang Yuan appeared, Fang Zheng could intuitively tell that it was his big brother!


 Fang Zheng was caught unprepared.


 The shadow during his childhood years suddenly fell and shrouded over him again at this moment, seemingly like a pair of black hands were tightly clenching his neck.


 Fang Zheng felt suffocated.


 The nightmare, that he had done his best to evade from since he woke up from his coma, attacked his mind once again!


 The arrogant exclamations and cheers of Myriad Dragon Dock group gradually turned quieter.


 Fang Yuan had displayed high refinement path attainment, seizing first place in all the past seven rounds, the same as Firesmith Dragon Chief.


 Myriad Dragon Dock’s elders and disciples had to admit Fang Yuan was a powerful opponent!


 “I heard this Fang Yuan’s achievement is the same as that of our Firesmith Dragon Chief, seizing first place in all seven rounds.”


 “Is he that person who is duelling Feng Jin Huang?”


 “If it is truly him, then that is the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, he should be very affluent.”


 “So what? Hmph, haven’t you seen the rankings. Firesmith Dragon Chief is ranked at seventh, but where is Fang Yuan placed at? It is beyond thirtieth place!”


 “Right, he is simply looking for humiliation by coming here. I believe Lord Firesmith Dragon Chief will definitely defeat him.”


 Although Myriad Dragon Dock’s group said this, other spectators did not have the same thoughts.


 Fang Yuan entered on his own accord, showing an extremely aggressive stance. Fang Yuan was clearly not a fool, he surely had confidence and trump cards to move out of his territory and attack.


 Fang Yuan’s unorthodox behavior made Firesmith Dragon Chief startled, furious and doubtful.


 Thereupon, Firesmith Dragon Chief probed: “Fang Yuan of Immortal Crane Sect! Are you coming to lose in advance?”


 What Firesmith Dragon Chief truly wanted to ask was: Why are you coming here to compete? Couldn’t you have just stayed in your territory and advanced safely? You must be smoking something!


 At the same time as he asked this, he felt gloomy inwardly — We don’t have any grudges, what are you trying to do by disturbing me? Don’t you still have the duel with Feng Jin Huang? Do I look that easy to bully?


 The moment he spoke, the uproar turned even louder.


 “What, this Fang Yuan is actually a member of Immortal Crane Sect?”


 “Isn’t he a demonic cultivator?”


 “It should be true, Firesmith Dragon Chief has personally confirmed it, can it still be false?”


 “This is big news, who could have thought he was actually a disciple of one of the ten great ancient sects... But why did he come here? Did Immortal Crane Sect have a fight with Myriad Dragon Dock? I haven’t heard rumors about any disputes.”


 Even the hosting elder was looking with eyes wide open, staring at Fang Yuan blankly.


 At once, Fang Yuan became the focal point of everyone’s gazes.


 “Big brother...” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his face pale as paper and his body filled with cold sweat unknowingly. He was feeling difficulty in breathing, and also physical weakness, as if he had collapsed after doing intense exercise.


 Fortunately, everyone was gazing at Fang Yuan and no one noticed his miserable state.


 Lord Sky Crane consoled him from his aperture, but there was almost no effect.


 Other Immortal Crane Sect members were excitedly gazing at Fang Yuan, some even stood up unconsciously.


 Fang Yuan had never officially appeared in Immortal Crane Sect’s headquarters. However, his legends were spread widely in Immortal Crane Sect. Mysterious and powerful, with countless rumors regarding him.


 It was said that he had outstanding talents, such that he was taken in as a legacy disciple by a Gu Immortal the moment he stepped into Immortal Crane Sect.


 This was of course a rumor, purely speculative and completely unreliable.


 However, Immortal Crane Sect’s higher ups could not refute them, once they spoke the truth, where would their reputation as one of the ten great ancient sects remain?


 Moreover, Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples were more willing to believe the proof in front of them.


 The greatest proof was Fang Zheng!


 Fang Zheng had A grade aptitude and already had rank five cultivation now, becoming a sect elder. They could only imagine, as his big brother, how outstanding Fang Yuan’s aptitude must be. Otherwise, how could he have won against Feng Jin Huang and seized Hu Immortal blessed land?


 Right now, Immortal Crane Sect’s members was stretching their necks, firmly fixing their gazes upon Fang Yuan like glue.


 Uncertainty and curiosity was overflowing from within their hearts.


 “I really want to see Lord Fang Yuan’s true appearance.”


 “It should be similar to Elder Fang Zheng’s.”


 “Sigh, why did he have to wear a mask. This is a test venue, if we carelessly use investigative Gu, we will be thrown out.”


 The disciples communicated excitedly.


 The other Immortal Crane Sect elder finally discovered Fang Zheng’s state and asked with concern: “Elder Fang Zheng, what’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?”


 “Nothing, nothing...” Fang Zheng’s heart skipped a beat, hurriedly replying.


 ‘Why does Elder Fang Zheng seem to be afraid of Fang Yuan, is the relationship between these brothers not good?’ A strange look flashed past the elder’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were hidden behind the mask. He first slowly glanced around, pausing a moment on Fang Zheng before slowly landing on Firesmith Dragon Chief.


 He chuckled, breaking the long silence, his voice somewhat hoarse as he proudly proclaimed to everyone present: “Right, I am Immortal Crane Sect’s Fang Yuan.”


 “Haha, it was true!”


 “Elder Fang Yuan, best of luck!”


 “Elder Fang Yuan and Elder Fang Zheng are our sect’s heroes.”


 The most intense response was from Immortal Crane Sect’s group. Some disciples almost jumped in excitement, they felt pride and a strong sense of honor in their sect, after being suppressed by Myriad Dragon Dock, right now, with Fang Yuan’s words, they felt really relieved and avenged.


 “What are you so happy about?”


 “Right! What is there to be pleased about...”


 Myriad Dragon Dock’s group retorted.


 Hatred flashed past Fang Zheng’s eyes, as he said with clenched teeth: “Don’t compare my brother with me!”


 These words, however, had another meaning when heard by others.


 “Did you hear it, even Elder Fang Zheng, with his aptitude, admits he is inferior to Lord Fang Yuan!”


 “That’s right, reportedly Fang Yuan is a Gu Immortal seed and the higher ups are nurturing him with all their strength.”


 Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples talked in a ‘soft’ volume, but the sound was not soft at all.


 “You guys...” Fang Zheng’s expression turned ashen and he felt an intense dizziness.


 The expressions of Myriad Dragon Dock’s group turned even more unsightly.


 The atmosphere of conflict intensified.


 One elder of Myriad Dragon Dock sneered and cursed in a quiet voice: “Let’s see what kind of downcast expressions you guys will have when he loses.”


 The bustle outside the stage already made the other participants on the stage into props to be ignored. Fang Yuan continued to gaze at Firesmith Dragon Chief, and intentionally raised his voice: “Firesmith Dragon Chief, I came here to defeat you. It is way too boring to defeat those incompetents. You are a slightly decent opponent, you will add some radiance to my path of advancement. So use your true strength, don’t hold back, I remember your strongest method is, what was it... mad deity’s blazing flames? Use it and fight me, this way when I defeat you, I can feel a little satisfaction.”


 Hearing such provocative words from Fang Yuan, whether it was on the stage or outside the stage, all the Gu Masters had the same feeling — arrogant, too arrogant!


 Everyone had already felt that Firesmith Dragon Chief was arrogant, but now that they saw Fang Yuan, they realized the saying ‘no matter how good you are, there is always someone better than you’ was completely true. Look at Fang Yuan, this was the true master of arrogance!


 Firesmith Dragon Chief was startled: ‘He actually knows about my hidden trump card?! This is impossible, I have never exposed this technique. How did he find out?’


 After the astonishment, anger rose in him as he countered: “Alright, since you, junior, are boasting so shamelessly, let me teach you a thorough lesson. I will make you understand what true pain is!”


 At the same time, he furiously shouted inwardly: ‘Will I, a grand rank six Gu Immortal who has undergone two heavenly tribulations and is only one away from rank seven, be afraid of you, a bottom tier immortal zombie? Kid, you think too highly of yourself, I will step on you and make you lose all your face! Blindly challenging me will be the greatest regret of your life!!’



***
Chapter 841 - Fang Yuans Public Provocation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seemingly hearing Firesmith Dragon Chief’s inner voice, Fang Yuan continued to ridicule with even more intensity: “Good, this gaze, this mood, this rage, only like this can you bring out all your strength to fight me. Only such an opponent can make me feel some interest. Remember, you must use all your strength, otherwise you will be Myriad Dragon Dock’s disgrace! Hahaha.”


 Fang Yuan spoke with such arrogance while pointing at Firesmith Dragon Chief.


 At once, all the Gu Masters were speechless.


 Wasn’t this way too arrogant?!


 Myriad Dragon Dock’s members gritted their teeth. They were arrogant, but Fang Yuan was even more arrogant.


 Firesmith Dragon Chief trembled in anger, staring at Fang Yuan with such fury that flames seemed to spout out.


 Unlike the imagination of outsiders, Fang Yuan had a bold demeanor on the surface, but inwardly, he was extremely vigilant.


 “Differing from the information in the outside world, this Firesmith Dragon Chief’s main cultivation is actually not refinement path but fire path. Back when he was at Myriad Dragon Dock, he was a refinement path Gu Master. And he was also indeed thrown out of the sect, but because of a fortuitous encounter, he obtained a certain fire path Gu Immortal’s inheritance. After he became a fire path Gu Immortal, he tried to enter Myriad Dragon Dock again. Myriad Dragon Dock naturally would not let go of a Gu Immortal and had actually already secretly taken him in. It was just that it happened to be time for the Refinement Path Convention, and seeing his refinement path attainment was grandmaster level, they hurriedly made him join the competition to try to seize the top spot and get more benefits for the sect!”


 “This Firesmith Dragon Chief’s refinement path attainment level is above mine, in my previous life, he was ranked at second of this convention, a refinement path grandmaster cannot be taken lightly. Especially during the Gu refinement in the tenth round, he impressively suppressed three quasi-grandmasters on the spot. Such an enemy must be beaten down early. If I let go of this chance, according to my previous life’s memories, there will be almost no chance of suppressing him.”


 Firesmith Dragon Chief was a Gu Immortal, but he did not disclose it, instead disguising himself as a mortal.


 He naturally could not conceal his Gu Immortal cultivation from other Gu Immortals, but it was okay for them to know it, no one would expose this.


 Maintaining their mysteriousness helped Gu Immortals to maintain their dominion.


 There was also another reason: By any chance, if they lost to a mortal in the Refinement Path Convention, that would be too disgraceful.


 Why would Gu Immortals lose to mortals?


 There were actually many cases of mortals defeating Gu Immortals in the Refinement Path Convention.


 Gu refinement was not like fighting or killing, it was purely technical. The most important reason was that Immortal Gu were unique and were extremely difficult to successfully refine.


 Without Immortal Gu as a benchmark, the competition between Gu Immortals and mortals depended on refining mortal Gu.


 Everyone could refine mortal Gu, and to a great extent, it could not embody the gap between immortal and mortal.


 Thus, normally speaking, all Gu Immortals would hide their identities when participating in the Refinement Path Convention.


 “Start.” Fang Yuan urged the Demon Expelling Sect’s elder.


 “Begin quickly!” Firesmith Dragon Chief shouted, he was already impatient to crush this rampant Fang Yuan.


 Demon Expelling Sect’s elder endured the pressure from the two, and said firmly with gritted teeth: “It is not yet time, the competition cannot be started. There are still three breaths of time left... three, two, one, okay, activate the isolation Gu formation, close the entrance of the venue, release the task!”


 In the previous seven rounds of the Refinement Path Convention, because of too many participants, they could only let the participants take the test in turns.


 Now, at the eighth round, the number of participants had greatly reduced. Each test venue only held the competition once, the Gu Masters who missed this chance would be regarded as voluntarily giving up.


 The Gu worms that contained the tasks were also very specific. This information path rank five mortal Gu was a method of Heavenly Court, and had extraordinary ability in preserving secrets.


 The tasks were not stored inside, but controlled by Heavenly Court. The instant the competition was about to begin, the true tasks would be transmitted.


 Everyone, inside and outside the stage, went quiet when the task was released. They were holding their breaths as they fixed their gazes on the task, it was so quiet that even a pin dropping could be heard.


 The eighth task: Refine a keep silent Gu, a rank five sound path Gu worm. The participant who successfully refines it first will be the winner and can advance to the next round. The remaining Gu Masters will be eliminated.


 The materials provided were: Immortal soul grass, worry stones, a rank four apathy Gu, six rank three muted mouth Gu, two rank four sinking Gu... and the test did not allow the use of other materials.


 The Gu recipes provided were: Six different keep silent Gu recipes, three different apathy Gu recipes and one collusion Gu recipe.


 Everyone was frowning.


 The difficulty of this task could be considered about ten times higher than the seventh round!


 Not only were there ten different Gu recipes, it also demanded a discerning eye, so the Gu Master could choose those most suitable for themselves. Moreover, the supplied materials were limited and did not allow the Gu Master to use materials they brought, in addition, these materials could not satisfy the requirements of any one Gu recipe.


 This meant that the Gu Masters would need to reverse-refine apathy Gu, muted mouth Gu or sinking Gu to obtain more refinement materials. They would have to make use of these materials to finally refine the rank five sound path keep silent Gu.


 Another method was for the participating Gu Masters to use wisdom path methods to sum up these Gu recipes and improve them, deducing a Gu recipe that met the conditions using the supplied materials as the base.


 However, between these two methods, the first one was naturally the most worthwhile and effective. The second method required extremely high wisdom path attainment, and by this stage, it was rare to see Gu Masters who also had deep wisdom path attainment.


 More importantly, this test took time into consideration.


 Only the first one to refine the Gu successfully could be the winner, while the rest were eliminated.


 The mental pressure was high. And during the final steps, it was likely for there to be those who could not endure the mental pressure, making a mistake and failing.


 Firesmith Dragon Chief almost coughed out blood when he saw the task.


 What kind of shitty task was this?


 Firesmith Dragon Chief almost cursed out loud!


 He was actually a fire path Gu Immortal, and was most proficient in refining fire path Gu worms. This sound path Gu worm clearly did not fall within his proficiency range, moreover, several of the crucial refinement materials could not be handled with fire refinement techniques!


 This was awkward.


 Fang Yuan had rampantly asked Firesmith Dragon Chief to use his strongest Gu refinement killer move, mad deity’s blazing flames.


 Firesmith Dragon Chief was furious and had also planned to use this killer move to completely humiliate Fang Yuan.


 However with such a task, what would Firesmith Dragon Chief use mad deity’s blazing flames for? Using the fire to burn air?


 This task was extremely at odds with Firesmith Dragon Chief.


 Relatively speaking, out of his entire Gu refinement attainment, he could only display eighty percent. Even if he was a Gu Immortal, they also had areas where they were proficient in and those that they were not.


 This task just happened to be an aspect which Firesmith Dragon Chief was most unskilled in.


 Naturally, refinement path grandmaster attainment was not just for show, Firesmith Dragon Chief could absolutely succeed in refining the Gu.


 However, the key thing was the appearance of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s true skills were enough to threaten Firesmith Dragon Chief. Among experts of similar levels, just a slight decrease in capability could determine the winner and the loser, let alone when Firesmith Dragon Chief was weakened by a whole twenty percent!


 ‘This guy chose such great timing, his luck is seriously too good! No, I must defeat him!’ Firesmith Dragon Chief swore to himself, and glanced at Fang Yuan.


 However, at the next moment, his eyeballs almost popped out!


 Fang Yuan had already started refining!


 How was it possible?


 How could he start so fast?


 The supplied Gu recipes and materials could not be matched together. Gu Masters had to reverse-refine Gu worms to create materials, or sum up the Gu recipes and deduce a new one. In short, refining rank five keep silent Gu at the end.


 Thus, this required the Gu Master to think deeply, making deductions constantly in their mind, and consider the probabilities of orthodox refining and reverse-refining, from there, combining many ideas to make the most concise Gu refinement plan.


 This thought process was extremely important.


 The ideas from the thoughts needed to have low risks. If the risks were high, there could be many failures, resulting in materials being wasted and not leaving enough for the Gu refinement, and with the condition of not being able to use one’s own materials, they could only admit defeat.


 While seeking low risk, they also needed to consume the least amount of time. If you consumed too much time, someone else might have already finished, and even if you succeeded in refining, you would be eliminated.


 Demanding low risk and also low time consumption, this was quite difficult.


 They would require meticulous thinking, constant comparisons and arrangements, and then choosing the best plan out of them all.


 Even though Firesmith Dragon Chief was a grandmaster in refinement path, he estimated he would also need about eight minutes of time.


 However, this, this, this Fang Yuan, how could he start refining Gu at the very start?


 “Is there a mistake?”


 “He really has such confidence?!”


 “Foolish, a workman must sharpen his tools if he is to work well. The correct way is to calm down and think.”


 The participating Gu Masters glanced at Fang Yuan a few times before concentrating on thinking.


 Fang Yuan had the lead and was progressing extremely quickly.


 Other Gu Masters had not even begun refining, only he had started, this naturally led to most of the spectators gazing at him.


 Exclamations of praise sounded out repeatedly.


 “Such dazzling methods.”


 “Skilled, too skilled! It is simply like an instinct that has seeped into his bones!”


 “But is this okay? Haste makes waste.”


 Fang Yuan naturally knew the logic of haste makes waste, but he knew the contents of this task.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, after he became a blood path Gu Immortal, he had once planned to participate in the Refinement Path Convention.


 The reason?


 Because even the demonic path could participate in the Refinement Path Convention, even wanted criminals could register their names overtly, and the righteous path would not arrest them.


 During that time, Fang Yuan did not have a single Immortal Gu and was putting his efforts in gathering immortal materials to refine Immortal Gu, the whole process was extremely arduous.


 In comparison, although he was an immortal zombie in this life, his financial circumstances were many times better.


 Fang Yuan had considered almost any possible method to gather immortal materials. He realized that the Refinement Path Convention was an opportunity to obtain large amounts of immortal materials.



***
Chapter 842 - Capturing Fang Zheng in Public


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, by the time he placed his attention on the Refinement Path Convention, only a time period of over a decade had passed since the previous competition.


 To join the Refinement Path Convention, Fang Yuan had started preparing for it over eighty years in advance during his previous life.


 Every day, he spent some time practising both day and night.


 During this process of practising, Fang Yuan had the mindset of a youngster on Earth facing a mountain of exam practice. He collected all of the different tasks throughout the years of competitions and practised them laboriously, trying to discern the intention of the set task.


 He easily obtained all of the questions. There were people in Central Continent specialized in selling such information, these were easy to buy and sell. People seeking intelligence were simply everywhere.


 Thinking back to the times when he buried himself in practice, they were truly terrifying memories. But in actuality, Fang Yuan’s refinement path foundation was built during that time. Without that period, he would not reach his current refinement path quasi-grandmaster level.


 Thus, Fang Yuan not only remembered this competition’s contents, he even knew the contents of many previous competitions, and even future competitions!


 With such a huge advantage, even if his refinement path attainment was inferior to Firesmith Dragon Chief, so what?


 Of course, this had a drawback.


 That was the butterfly effect.


 Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had altered the developments of many events. By burning a tree, it could cause a forest fire.


 Those skilled in swimming could drown, those skilled in riding could fall. By relying solely on his advantage, would Fang Yuan cause his own demise due to a change in the questions this time?


 This was entirely possible.


 But this was only a possibility.


 According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, there was a very small probability of this happening.


 Fang Yuan decided to take a risk.


 And he succeeded, the contents did not change at all!


 Time continued to pass


 The state of the intense Gu refinement competition was starting to become clear.


 Fang Yuan was in the lead, he was ahead of the second place Firesmith Dragon Chief by a large margin. He was radiating with confidence, he refined Gu calmly, maintaining his huge lead and gradually fermenting despair in all of the competitors who were trying to catch up to him.


 Some Gu Masters outside the stage started to see some deeper things, they praised: “Fang Yuan has such quick wits. He did not think about it excessively, he designed this Gu refinement plan straight away. Incredible, his plan can not only keep a stable refinement speed, there are also fewer steps, allowing some mistakes. Even if he fails several times, the amount of materials are enough for him to try again.”


 This was natural.


 The plan Fang Yuan used was the finalized perfect plan that countless Gu Masters had come up with after many attempts in his previous life.


 There were more people gasping at Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement techniques: “Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement techniques are truly incredible. He has so many of them, they are like his inborn skills. This is truly the result of immense practice and hard work! Now, he is refining keep silent Gu, involving many techniques that are not used normally, but he could actually use them so skillfully, it is hard to imagine his proficiency with normal techniques.”


 This was natural.


 For this eighth round, Fang Yuan had made many preparations.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, he had specially trained and refined keep silent Gu. He did the entire procedure over and over again, he practiced at least two hundred times!


 “Most notably, he is radiating with confidence from inside to outside. He believes in his success, as if the failure rate of the Gu refinement does not exist. This is the demeanor of a refinement path expert, the Three Olds of refinement path in history were just like this.”


 “That’s right, looking at him refine Gu is like watching a dazzling performance!”


 “How great is his confidence, it is almost as if victory is kept in his pocket.”


 “His advantage is too great, even if Fang Yuan fails the Gu refinement once or twice, he can still fight for first place with Firesmith Dragon Chief who is currently second.”


 Under the gazes of countless people, Fang Yuan won this competition with a huge lead, without any surprises.


 Throughout the process, Fang Yuan unquestionably suppressed his competitors. Even Firesmith Dragon Chief lost to him by a great margin.


 “Lord Firesmith Dragon Chief lost...”


 “He was eliminated like this?”


 Spectators from Myriad Dragon Dock could not believe their eyes, they muttered dazedly.


 “Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan!” The people from Immortal Crane Sect shouted, they cheered loudly!


 Only Fang Zheng was still sitting, he looked at his brother on the stage, he felt as if the black robe was shrouded over his heart.


 “Perhaps in my lifetime, I’ll never get a chance to take revenge!” At this moment, Fang Zheng was extremely discouraged, he had no fighting spirit left in him.


 Even though he had deep hatred, Fang Zheng felt extremely weak in front of Fang Yuan, there was nothing he could do!


 Firesmith Dragon Chief was staring with wide opened eyes, he gazed at Fang Yuan fixedly.


 He was unwilling to accept this!


 He did not even use his strongest killer move, this damned question restricted him.


 But he had to admit that Fang Yuan’s mind was very sharp and fast.


 “He actually designed such a flawless Gu refinement plan in such a short time. Is this Fang Yuan guy really an immortal zombie? Is there an error with the information?”


 Immortal zombies were worse in thinking, the plan that Fang Yuan ‘thought of’ made this Gu Immortal, Firesmith Dragon Chief, feel extremely ashamed. At once, Firesmith Dragon Chief was suspicious of Fang Yuan’s status as an immortal zombie.


 This round of the competition was over, Fang Yuan walked down slowly as he left the stage.


 He did not mock or humiliate Firesmith Dragon Chief, the latter couldn’t help but relax slightly.


 Since he had won, there was no point in humiliating the other party. If he provoked Firesmith Dragon Chief and caused him to issue a challenge for a duel, Fang Yuan would only be inviting trouble for himself.


 Eventually, Firesmith Dragon Chief brought the people from Myriad Dragon Dock away, leaving with regret.


 Fang Yuan obtained the victor’s reward from Demon Expelling Sect, it was a number of immortal materials, there was a huge variety of them, but each of them had little quantity.


 Starting from the eighth round, the rewards were far more valuable than the first seven rounds, there were immortal materials as well as Immortal Gu recipes and others.


 If this was not the case, why would Fang Yuan treat the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention as a method to gather immortal materials in his previous life?


 Fang Yuan kept the immortal materials, he rejected Demon Expelling Sect’s invitation to stay as a guest, he walked all the way to the exit.


 At the mountain gate, Immortal Crane Sect’s group was waiting already.


 “Lord Fang Yuan!” Seeing Fang Yuan’s arrival, Elder Yan Tang and another elder greeted him together.


 Fang Zheng was helpless, he was also an elder that had come along, but he was standing behind the two of them with an expressionless face, he did not even make any greetings.


 “Fellow sect members, a good day to you all.” Under the mask, Fang Yuan’s warm voice could be heard.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s group was very excited.


 From Fang Yuan’s earlier arrogance, they felt that he would be hard to talk to. But now, he spoke with a kind and warm tone, they felt that Fang Yuan was truly different when facing his fellow sect members, compared to dealing with outsiders.


 Fang Yuan first looked at elder Yan Tang.


 In the competition earlier, this elder had participated as well.


 Fang Yuan gave pointers casually: “Mm, your refinement path attainment is not low, but your plan had several flaws... this is how you should deal with them, for example, at the first step...”


 Elder Yan Tang heard this and felt great admiration towards Fang Yuan, he thanked him profusely.


 The disciples behind him had shining eyes, filled with admiration and praise.


 Fang Yuan directed his gaze at Fang Zheng now, his voice turned cold as he said with a tone filled with disappointment: “My brother, what expression are you showing? Are you afraid I will scold you? Your performance is just as disappointing as always. You did not even pass the first round of the Refinement Path Convention, you simply make us lose face!”


 The atmosphere turned heavy, the disciples were grimacing as they thought: Fang Yuan is such a fierce brother!


 Immortal Crane Sect’s elders were stunned, it seemed that these two brothers had a rather cold relationship.


 Fang Zheng showed a look of hatred as he snorted, about to speak.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, he was going to attack him in public!


 Fang Zheng was a rank five Gu Master, at the peak of the mortal world. But he was an enslavement path Gu Master, most of his battle strength relied on crane groups, and he also did not expect Fang Yuan to attack him in public under everyone’s sight without caring for the consequences!


 Fang Yuan’s attack was premeditated.


 He not only used several mortal killer moves, among them was a wisdom path killer move from Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 While Immortal Crane Sect was staring blankly, Fang Yuan struck, immediately immobilizing Fang Zheng while at a distance.


 “Fang Zheng, you are too disappointing. At this stage, you are still moving around outside, why are you not settling down and cultivating! With such strength, you still want to attract attention outside, what is the point? Our parents are gone, as your brother, I hold the duty of a father to educate you! Since you are interested in refinement path, from today onwards, you will stay by my side, and I will impart to you my refinement path experience. You have to cultivate with all your heart, until I am satisfied.” Fang Yuan chided.


 “I don’t want you to take care of me! I am an elder of Immortal Crane Sect, I have grown up already!” Fang Zheng screamed, he resembled a rebellious youth, refusing to accept discipline.


 But in fact, he was feeling an icy chill inside.


 He could not control himself, the words that he shouted were not words that he wanted to say!


 This was a wisdom path killer move from Dong Fang Chang Fan, it directly controlled Fang Zheng’s mind and created fake thoughts that infiltrated Fang Zheng, causing him to act in accordance with these thoughts.


 This was similar to the way enslavement path Gu Masters controlled beasts. But the difference was, enslavement path Gu Masters usually only control beasts, they had simple thoughts. Controlling humans was much harder, they had complex minds.


 Fang Yuan was a rank six immortal zombie, against Fang Zheng, a rank five Gu Master, he had to use and coordinate several killer moves at once to smoothly capture Fang Zheng.


 “No! Save me, will anyone save me! Master, master!” Fang Zheng screamed inwardly.


 But there was no response from the spirit incubating flea.


 Fang Yuan had cut off Fang Zheng’s connection to his aperture.


 Fang Zheng stared at Fang Yuan with a furious expression. He did not think that Fang Yuan would be so crazy, attacking him here. He was simply a lunatic, he had no reservations towards offending Immortal Crane Sect!



***
Chapter 843 - Immortal Gu Change Form


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan was in an alliance with Immortal Crane Sect, how could he dare to attack a member of Immortal Crane Sect?


 Fang Zheng knew more inside information than the other elders and disciples here, earlier, when He Feng Yang and Cang Yu attacked Hu Immortal blessed land and failed, because of the benefits of guts Gu, they reached an agreement.


 One of the clauses in the agreement was that members from both sides were not to attack each other. This was why Fang Zheng felt he was safe.


 Fang Yuan retracted his hand, Fang Zheng was immobilized, nor could he shout, he could not resist as a formless force pulled him up and sent him into Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s group was looking on with dumbfounded expressions.


 “Such terrifying strength!”


 “Elder Fang Zheng has rank five cultivation level, but he was captured without putting up any resistance.”


 “Even though Fang Zheng is an enslavement path Gu Master, isn’t that too absurd?”


 Fang Yuan’s unbelievable abilities struck fear in these people.


 Fang Zheng screamed internally: “Are you people watching a show? Quickly save me, he is no longer my brother, he killed our aunt and uncle, he killed all the clansmen in our clan, he is a demon, he is a great demon!”


 At the same time, Fang Zheng opened his mouth and shouted: “I will not go to your place, why should I listen to you? You want to lecture me again? I can decide my own life! I have my own goals, how can you understand my dreams? I can work hard myself, I can surpass you!”


 It was just like he was a completely rebellious and out of control youth.


 Fang Zheng heard his own yells and lost all hope!


 Fang Yuan sighed, he said to the people in Immortal Crane Sect: “During this period of time, my good-for-nothing brother has caused you trouble.”


 “No trouble, no trouble at all.” Immortal Crane Sect’s members waved their hands in dismissal quickly.


 Fang Yuan nodded, he said: “I will bring Fang Zheng with me and educate him personally. I have talked to your sect leader regarding this matter already, you just need to go back and inform him.”


 Fang Yuan was spouting nonsense, he did not even know what the sect leader looked like.


 The two elders let go of their last bits of hesitation.


 In order for Immortal Crane Sect to maintain its reputation, Fang Yuan’s matter had always been covered in lies. Right now, Fang Yuan was using these lies to trick the members of Immortal Crane Sect.


 Fang Yuan carried Fang Zheng and left.


 The surrounding Gu Masters felt a peculiar feeling when they saw this, but since Immortal Crane Sect was saying nothing, why would they interfere? Furthermore, the target was the renowned refinement path expert Fang Yuan.


 There were Gu Masters of Demon Expelling Sect who were worried, they went over to ask.


 Elder Yan Tang smiled as he said: “There’s no issue, Lord Fang Yuan and Elder Fang Zheng are brothers, right now, the elder brother is teaching his younger brother.”


 Demon Expelling Sect was convinced and left.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s gang watched as Fang Yuan left, many disciples gazed towards Fang Zheng with a look of envy.


 Someone sighed: “Even though Lord Fang Yuan speaks in a cold tone, he is really concerned about his one and only precious brother.”


 “That’s right, it is such a rare opportunity to receive the teachings of a refinement path grandmaster.”


 “You know, after Fang Zheng accepted the sect mission last time, he came back and became a rank five elder. Now that he is brought away by his brother, would he come back as a refinement path grandmaster?”


 “No way...”


 “That is too exaggerated!”


 “Even so, the guidance of such an expert is incredible precious, he has lots to gain from it.”


 “Sigh, why don’t I have a brother like this?” A disciple said the sentence that everyone was thinking about.


 If at this moment, they knew that Fang Yuan had captured Fang Zheng as a backup plan for his possession, what wondrous expressions would they show?


 PIop.


 Fang Yuan threw Fang Zheng on the ground.


 Fang Zheng struggled to get up, he screamed internally: “Fang Yuan, you vile demon, what do you want with me?! You and Immortal Crane Sect had made an agreement, you cannot kill me, an elder of Immortal Crane Sect.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “I am not going to kill you, why are you so agitated, oh dear brother, just wait here obediently and quietly.”


 Fang Zheng showed fear on his face, he cried out from within: “Fang Yuan is not my master, Lord Sky Crane, how can he hear my inner thoughts?”


 Fang Yuan smiled arrogantly, looking at Fang Zheng who was at his feet, he said: “Your so-called master is only a soul now. Even if he were to be alive, he was only a rank five Gu Master in his prime.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan grabbed with a hand and plundered all of the mortal Gu on Fang Zheng’s body.


 The spirit incubating flea trembled weakly, this was the fierce resistance of Lord Sky Crane.


 But how could he succeed?


 If this was back on Qing Mao mountain, a hundred Fang Yuans would not be Lord Sky Crane’s match. But now, Fang Yuan was completely different, he was a rank six Gu Immortal. Lord Sky Crane had even become merely a soul.


 “Fang Yuan, even if you do not kill us, capturing us violates the alliance agreement, you will face fierce backlash from breaking it! I urge you to let us go, as a grand Gu Immortal, how can you take interest in us mortals? Are you not afraid that doing this would ruin your relationship with Immortal Crane Sect? Don’t think Immortal Crane Sect cannot subdue you! The foundation of the ten great ancient sects is beyond your imagination.” Lord Sky Crane screamed in the spirit incubating flea, he knew that Fang Yuan could hear him.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed: “Hahaha, Lord Sky Crane, I need to thank you. If you did not attack Qing Mao mountain, I would not have gotten to this level today through various opportunities. What can Immortal Crane Sect do even if I capture you two? Since you know many secrets, you should know that the ten great ancient sects are restraining each other, everything is based on benefits and self-interest. What do you think is more important, the one and only guts Gu, or the two of you?”


 Lord Sky Crane was speechless.


 A cold light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he mobilized countless Gu worms as he formed a soul path killer move at once: “Give me information about everything you know, soul search!”


 Two hours later, Fang Yuan walked out of this underground prison. Behind him, the entrance shut tightly.


 Fang Yuan’s red eyes were shining with light as he muttered: “Lord Sky Crane, First Gen Gu Yue, blood path true inheritance...”


 Through soul searching, he had learned all about Lord Sky Crane and First Gen Gu Yue’s enmity. He even learned many of Immortal Crane Sect’s secrets.


 “This Lord Sky Crane is a capable subordinate of He Feng Yang, if I capture him, will He Feng Yang come and ask for him? This is slightly troublesome.”


 “Hehe, he actually did not want to use possession and wanted to protect Fang Zheng. This Lord Sky Crane holds onto his beliefs resolutely.” Towards this, Fang Yuan praised without holding back.


 Even though he was a demonic overlord, he could appreciate and admire such an act of sacrificing oneself for another person, looking at it from a neutral perspective.


 The same kind of rice raises many different people. People in their lives all have their own goals and motivations.


 Towards these kinds of people with different value systems, Fang Yuan could accept and appreciate their existence.


 If he was not so open-minded, he would not have his current achievements.


 “Judging from this, Old Lord Can Yang must have gotten the possession technique from Dong Fang Chang Fan and brought it back to Immortal Crane Sect.”


 Lord Sky Crane’s memories were not very helpful to Fang Yuan.


 He was only a mortal Gu Master, he did not know any deep secrets of Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Yuan could make little use of them.


 As for Fang Zheng, Fang Yuan did not let him off, he searched his soul too.


 Fang Yuan intended to keep his brother in captivity for a long time. If one day, he had no other choice, Fang Yuan would have to use this last resort and possess Fang Zheng, regaining his living status.


 But this way, he would lose his second aperture, all of the strength path dao marks on him would be gone, he would need to undergo immortal ascension again.


 The loss was huge.


 Second aperture Immortal Gu was created using countless precious immortal materials, among which was lifespan Gu!


 One could say that in the short term, Fang Yuan could not refine second aperture Immortal Gu.


 Lifespan Gu were hard to find, even if Fang Yuan could find them, with his current situation, he might use it directly to raise his lifespan.


 “If possible, I would rather not possess Fang Zheng. But if my identity gets exposed and I do not manage to revive, I would need to use possession. My current target is the Refinement Path Convention, if I get into the top six, I would be able to benefit from the Infallible inheritance and get a chance to refine Gu with assured success!”


 The Infallible inheritance was a refinement path inheritance, what did being named infallible mean? It meant no failure in Gu refinement!


 Once he got into the top six places, he would be transported into a hidden blessed land, Fang Yuan planned to refine the Immortal Gu Change Form after this!


 This was a rank six transformation path Immortal Gu. Once he had it, Fang Yuan’s vaguely familiar face would be elevated to another level, it would not be such a weak version of only concealing his regional aura.


 As for the Immortal Gu recipe of change form Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan already had it.


 This was all thanks to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Long ago, when Fang Yuan first obtained wisdom Gu, he had made a deal with Lang Ya land spirit to complete Immortal Gu recipes for him.


 Fang Yuan profited from this and not only got out of his financial troubles, he even obtained a large number of Immortal Gu recipes.


 And this change form Immortal Gu recipe was one of them.


 As for the immortal materials to refine change form Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was almost finished in preparing them.


 He bought half of the immortal materials from Northern Plains’ auction. For the other half, Fang Yuan asked Hei Lou Lan to connect to treasure yellow heaven using her blessed land. Fang Yuan used his remaining immortal materials to sell or trade and after many transactions, he obtained most of the ones he needed.


 The last remaining portion was filled by the immortal material rewards from winning the eighth round by Fang Yuan.


 In the subsequent rounds, Fang Yuan went on the offensive and used his rebirth advantage to defeat all of the tough foes in advance.


 At once, Fang Yuan’s reputation was soaring, forces of all sizes, and countless Gu Immortals were focusing their gazes on him.


 Other people were progressing normally, staying in their own territories and advancing safely.


 Only Fang Yuan was an exception, moving about and challenging different people, but he won every single round!



***
Chapter 844 - Contest Between Two Fangs


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, twelfth round.


 The competition was at its most crucial moment, the entire stage’s focus was on two people.


 One was wearing a black robe, his body was strong and muscular, he wore a mask as he manipulated the flame in front of him, it was Fang Yuan.


 The other was wearing a plain white robe, his hair was white as snow and he had a tattoo on his forehead, it was Fang Huai.


 “This is a contest between two Fangs!”


 “Fang Huai is amazing, he used three refinement path killer moves and reduced the lead.”


 “Even so, Fang Yuan still has the advantage. Sigh, he is too amazing, he probably is the best in quick thinking in this competition! This time, the moment the Gu refinement started, he took the lead by a huge margin.”


 “There are still uncertainties. Both Fang Huai and Fang Yuan have one chance left in their hands. If they use it, they can remove a portion of immortal materials from the other party!”


 Be it on the stage or below it, audiences were discussing among themselves enthusiastically.


 By now, all of the other Gu Masters in this round had been eliminated, only Fang Huai and Fang Yuan were left.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was calm as he focused on controlling the fire in front of him.


 “Fang Huai...” He even had the time to turn around and look at Fang Huai on his left, observing his opponent.


 Fang Huai was a Gu Immortal as well, he placed third in Fang Yuan’s previous life. He was a wood path Gu Immortal, in the entire competition, this round’s task was the most unfavorable for him.


 Fang Yuan used this opportunity to challenge and attempt to get rid of him in advance.


 But Fang Huai had gone all out in the middle to later stage, using three refinement path killer moves, among them was a refinement path immortal killer move, he pulled his distance closer to Fang Yuan in an instant. It caused the result of this Gu refinement to become uncertain again.


 “Worthy of someone who achieved third place in my previous life, he is so hard to deal with... eh!” Fang Yuan’s expression changed suddenly.


 The flame in front of him flickered, the blue peacock’s head that had halfway been melted suddenly turned into ash and fell onto the ground.


 “This?!” Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, but his heart sank.


 “Oh no, I happened to hit the chance of failure!” He reacted quickly, turning around and grabbing at his right side, towards the final blue peacock there.


 But just as he killed the blue peacock and was about to throw its head towards the fire, Fang Huai spoke: “I am using my chance to remove the Gu refinement material, blue peacock, from Fang Yuan!”


 The elder hosting the competition immediately responded: “Approved.”


 The moment he said that, the blue peacock beside Fang Yuan vanished and was taken away.


 The crowd gasped!


 “Each person was given two live blue peacocks, Fang Yuan wanted to use a peacock’s head to refine Gu and failed once. Right now, his only remaining blue peacock was taken away!”


 “Beautiful, a beautiful choice. Fang Huai picked his timing really well, Fang Yuan is in trouble.”


 “Indeed, Fang Yuan was at the last few steps, but after losing the crucial materials, he can only change the Gu recipe and take a huge detour towards the finish line. Looking at Fang Huai, he was not far behind Fang Yuan originally, right now, he should be able to catch up and eliminate Fang Yuan!”


 “Fang Yuan is going to be eliminated?!”


 Noticing this point, the crowd was in a commotion.


 Recently, Fang Yuan went ahead and challenged many Gu refinement experts, his power was ingrained in them.


 The outside world had greatly raised their evaluation towards his strength, most people thought that Fang Yuan had reached the attainment of a refinement path grandmaster.


 A small number of people even felt that the ability Fang Yuan displayed had exceeded the level of a refinement path grandmaster, they thought he had reached refinement path quasi-great grandmaster attainment.


 Not mentioning refinement path grandmaster, the evaluation of him being at quasi-great grandmaster in refinement path was too absurdly high!


 Out of the refinement path attainment levels of ordinary, master, grandmaster, great grandmaster, and supreme grandmaster, only three people had reached the highest level in history, they were the Three Olds of refinement path, their names were Old Eccentric Tian Nan, Old Immortal Kong Jue, and Long Hair Ancestor. But even quasi-great grandmasters were very rare, among the refinement path Gu Masters publicly known in Northern Plains, there were only four at that level or higher, they were Yao Huang, Murong Xue Xiang, Lady Wan Shou, and Lady Miao Li, these were the four highest experts of refinement path in Northern Plains.


 In terms of refinement path attainment, it was impossible for Fang Yuan to be on the same level as them.


 But it was not strange that people had such thoughts.


 The capability that Fang Yuan displayed was simply too great, he knew all of the questions in advance, this allowed him to stay far ahead of those at second place in every round.


 “When one walks along a river’s banks, how can they not wet their shoes?. This time, Fang Yuan struck and wanted to eliminate Fang Huai, but he caused harm to himself instead, hahaha.” Some people were gloating.


 “That’s right, he is too arrogant, I couldn’t stand him since long ago, well done Fang Huai!”


 “This Fang Huai is too despicable, Lord Fang Yuan, you have to hang on.” Immortal Crane Sect disciples, who were watching, shouted to cheer on Fang Yuan.


 After Fang Yuan captured Fang Zheng, Immortal Crane Sect did not make a response, it seemed like they acknowledged this matter.


 “Fang Yuan, I win.” Fang Huai spoke with a clear smile, he was very confident, it was as if he had already grasped victory in his hands.


 “Is that so?” Fang Yuan sneered, he grabbed with his hand and the headless peacock corpse flew towards him.


 There were two live blue peacocks among the Gu refinement materials, Fang Yuan killed one of them and took the head. In the end, he failed and the second peacock got taken away.


 Right now, the corpse that he had was left behind from the first.


 Fang Yuan opened his fist as a gush of thick blood colored fog burst out from his hand. In a few breaths’ time, the fog covered the headless corpse entirely, bystanders could not see what was going on.


 “This is an evil blood refinement art again!”


 “Hmph, this is not the first time Fang Yuan has used blood refinement techniques, why is such a person an elder of Immortal Crane Sect?!”


 “One of the ten great ancient sects, Immortal Crane Sect, is also starting to fall from grace?”


 Many Gu Masters exclaimed after seeing this.


 Some people even shouted: “Why is such a person not on the Demon Judgment Board?”


 Fang Yuan used blood refinement techniques time and time again in public, Immortal Crane Sect was facing strong public criticism.


 “What do you know? Blood refinement is just blood refinement, it is only a technique. If used in the hands of righteousness, it is righteous, when used in the hands of evil, it is evil! It all depends on oneself!” An Immortal Crane Sect disciple was indignant, he rebuked loudly.


 But the elder that brought them scolded him loudly: “Quiet, do not spout nonsense!”


 This disciple could only lower his head and sit down quietly and resentfully.


 In just a while, the blood colored fog faded, and the headless peacock corpse shrunk by twenty percent. But a blue peacock head had appeared instead.


 “This is a blood path Gu refinement killer move, it is so amazing, able to collect corpses and transform the material.”


 “This kind of material conversion can be done in other paths too, but isn’t his rate of conversion too fast?”


 Everyone’s gazes were fixed on this.


 Fang Yuan tossed this peacock head into the fire, as the fire burned, the peacock head started to melt, the molten head fusing into the incomplete Gu that was in the fire.


 A moment later, the bird head melted and fused into the incomplete Gu fully, Fang Yuan went to the next step.


 “It is as good as over.” Seeing this, some people sighed.


 “That’s right, the last few steps have no risks, without any mishaps, Fang Yuan will be the winner.”


 “The failure earlier was just an unexpected surprise, it had a low probability and will likely never happen again.”


 “Sigh, to think that Fang Huai could not stop Fang Yuan either.”


 Just as everyone was sighing, Fang Huai laughed loudly inwardly: “This is the way, this is the way, you think you’ve won, huh. I took away your blue peacock, the objective to waste your time has been achieved. With my final refinement path killer move, I can surpass you and become the winner of this round. Fang Yuan, I need to thank you, you approached me personally, once I defeat you, it would be like I defeated everyone that you defeated. Hahaha, this is great!”


 But just at this moment, Fang Yuan spoke: “I want to use a chance and remove one of my opponent’s materials.”


 The hosting elder immediately replied: “Please speak.”


 Fang Huai was slightly shocked but he soon smiled coldly to himself, thinking: “Remove it, remove whatever you want!”


 Fang Yuan took a look at Fang Huai as his gaze was calm as water: “I will remove the Gu refinement material, wild bull eyeball.”


 Fang Huai’s cold smile froze!


 The hosting elder was stunned too.


 The audience was confused, didn’t Fang Huai already use the crucial material, wild bull eyeball, and fuse it into his incomplete Gu?


 Fang Yuan wanted to take away a Gu refinement material that had already been used, this was not allowed by the rules.


 But Fang Yuan was insistent on it, he said to Fang Huai: “Fang Huai, are you not handing over the wild bull eyeball that you are secretly hiding? Are you trying to break the rules of the competition?”


 Fang Huai’s face showed extreme disbelief.


 He hid the wild bull eyeball using his unique technique, Fang Yuan actually sensed it? Wild bull eyeball was an important Gu refinement material, Fang Huai had long ago during the refinement made preparations for it and the refinement path killer move that would bring him victory relied on it.


 Without the wild bull eyeball, Fang Huai would not have the necessary components, how could he defeat Fang Yuan?


 But if he did not take it out, he could not hide it from anyone else anyway.


 Even if he could, if Fang Yuan raised an objection, the Refinement Path Convention would undergo a thorough search, Fang Huai’s reputation would be ruined!


 Thus, Fang Huai had to take it out regardless of his intentions!


 Under everyone’s shocked gazes, he gritted his teeth as he took out the wild bull eyeball from the fire.


 “Here!” He smashed the wild bull eyeball on the ground in rage, he scattered the Gu refinement flame as he walked away.


 This was the same as admitting his defeat.


 The crowd was silent before bursting into a commotion.


 Fang Yuan ignored these voices, he refined the Gu worms in his hands unhurriedly until he obtained success.


 “I finally won, this way, there should be no problem in getting top six.” Fang Yuan was bathed in everyone’s shock, admiration, praise, and envy, but he had no expression as he let out a breath of cloudy air: “Thankfully, I had my previous life’s memories, I knew about Fang Huai’s trump card, otherwise, he might have won!”


 He looked like he had an easy time, but he actually faced great pressure internally.


 He was only a refinement path quasi-grandmaster, even with the advantage of rebirth, it was very difficult to eliminate these competitors.


 The case of Firesmith Dragon Chief was only an exception.


 Though Fang Yuan managed to beat these people, it was not like what the outside world was saying, that he ‘had an easy time’, or he ‘had huge superiority’.



***
Chapter 845 - Failure Has Value


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 The sky was clear and bright. Countless exquisite halls made of white jade emitted translucent light.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, slowly pushed open the large door of the discussion hall.


 He walked into the hall while leaning on a walking cane.


 In an instant, the wills of over twenty Gu Immortals inside the hall turned towards him.


 “Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, you have worked hard for the last hundred years...”


 “After completing this segment of fixing fate Gu, please take a good rest. Heavenly Court needs a senior expert like you.”


 “There aren’t any unexpected situations in this Refinement Path Convention, right?”


 The Gu Immortals’ wills started talking, breaking the silence.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord opened his cloudy eyes and looked around, before fixing his gaze on a will seated at a high position.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord spoke: “Lian Jiu Sheng, you should awaken. The current Refinement Path Convention is reaching its end, we still need some preparations for the recovery of Fate.”


 Lian Jiu Sheng’s will nodded as he slowly stood up.


 He then spoke: “To restore Fate, it won’t be possible with just myself and Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, we still need the power of two rank eights. I wonder which friends will lend a hand?”


 “My main body is suppressing the immemorial desolate beast group in Falling Heavenly River, I am unable to help.”


 “My physical body has rested for long enough, but my soul is researching a rank nine Immortal Gu recipe and is at the crucial moment...”


 “Let me help, maybe this time, I can find several portions of profound eerie wind in the underground depths.”


 The wills communicated for a while, finally two wills decided to wake up.


 “It’s decided then.” Lian Jiu Sheng’s will nodded towards Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, before soaring to the sky.


 Following him were other two wills.


 These three wills flew into the sky, towards the entrance leading outside, before vanishing from everyone’s sight.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord turned around to leave, the door to the discussion hall slowly closed behind him.


 Three days later.


 Central Continent, Hairy Foot Mountain.


 Four figures suddenly appeared in the air above Hairy Foot Mountain.


 They completely concealed their rank eight auras as they looked down at the mountain below.


 It was the four Gu Immortals from Heavenly Court!


 “Hairy Foot Mountain...” The white haired man with a young appearance, Lian Jiu Sheng, sighed: “Unknowingly, another hundred years have passed in Central Continent.”


 “Let’s start quickly. I am pressed for time during this period of awakening, I still have many things to do.” Bi Chen Tian who had red eyebrows and green pupils, urged.


 “Alright, let me start this off.” Bai Cang Shui was the only female immortal among the four. She stretched out her hands, instantly, white fog started rising slowly in the surroundings.


 Immediately afterwards, Bi Chen Tian opened his eyes, emitting two bright pillars of light that shot straight at Hairy Foot Mountain.


 Hairy Foot Mountain looked ordinary, it was small and lacked resources, even the surrounding small to middle sized forces did not want to occupy it. However, right now, it looked mystical as it shined under the immortal killer move of Bi Chen Tian.


 Space fluctuated intensely, creating countless ripples.


 The entirety of Hairy Foot Mountain shook slightly.


 Bi Chen Tian’s attacking immortal killer move had terrifying might, but was not the least bit effective right now.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was the third to make a move, after which was Lian Jiu Sheng at the end.


 Four rank eight Gu Immortals were working together, but it was still far from enough. The Gu Immortals already had an estimate, thus they continued to undertake a second round of attacks, a third round.


 Finally, at the sixth round, Lian Jiu Sheng cried out and dealt the crucial blow, he triggered a qualitative change, producing an effect.


 Hairy Foot Mountain disappeared from its spot, and a blessed land opened up in front of the four Gu Immortals.


 “This is Infallible blessed land, which holds the Infallible inheritance!” Lian Jiu Sheng sighed as he spoke.


 Bi Chen Tian looked several times, speaking with a smile: “There are more mortal failure Gu than the previous time, it seems the scale of the Refinement Path Convention is becoming bigger and bigger.”


 Bai Cang Shui took out a handkerchief and wiped the sweat on her forehead: “Every time, we have to spend so much energy to open this place. Lian Jiu Sheng, can’t you completely take down this blessed land?”


 “It is difficult, you are also aware that the owner of this blessed land is a refinement path great expert who made things difficult for Ren Zu.” Lian Jiu Sheng sighed.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord nodded: “Heavenly Court has made moves against this blessed land for thousands of years but even until now, we could only take out thirty success dao marks. Every time the infallible inheritance accumulates to the limit, it will have thirty-six success dao marks. We have taken away thirty, which leaves behind six dao marks for those participants of the Refinement Path Convention, and even if we want to seize these, we can’t.”


 Lian Jiu Sheng added: “This blessed land is extremely special, it is perfectly enclosed and has no entrances at all. It is not that we cannot break open this blessed land, but if we forcibly cause mayhem, it will be hard to reproduce the wonders of this blessed land. Under this restraint, we can only proceed this way. To capture this blessed land, we not only need refinement path Gu Immortals but also rule path great experts. Unfortunately, whether it be refinement path or rule path, there are extremely few who can cultivate to rank eight.”


 The four were silent for a while, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord spoke: “Fortunately, after restoring fate Gu this time, it will be able to display fifty percent of its might. This is a qualitative change compared to before! From now on, we can search for even more fate escapees, and restore the Immortal Gu even faster.”


 “Speaking of which, how many escapees did you discover this time? Have you already dealt with them?” Bi Chen Tian asked.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord replied: “I discovered several, I cannot do anything against those in Southern Border and Northern Plains, but the two over here in Central Continent are already being dealt with.”


 > states, after Ren Zu climbed the giant tree and walked out of ordinary abyss, he left behind his daughter, Boundless Forest Samsara.


 Ren Zu wanted to save her, but there was nothing he could do.


 He had become extraordinary, no longer able to enter ordinary abyss.


 Ren Zu saw that pacing around this place was not going to help. He decided to set out again to find a way to rescue his eldest child, Verdant Great Sun, and his fourth child, Boundless Forest Samsara.


 He started a new journey, beginning his road of life.


 On this day, he came across a hairy man.


 The hairy man stopped him, and was clearly happy: “Ren Zu, I had a tough time looking for you.”


 Ren Zu felt strange: “I don’t recognize you, why are you searching for me?”


 The hairy man explained: “It is like this, Ren Zu. I am the leader of all the hairy men in the world, no hairy man can match my Gu refinement attainment. But I have recently encountered a problem when refining Gu. I want to refine success Gu, but I am unable to confirm if it is success or failure.”


 Ren Zu had wanted to continue traveling, but he had a thought well up in his mind, if the hairy man leader could truly refine success Gu and he borrowed this Gu, couldn’t he rescue his eldest child or his fourth child?


 Therefore, Ren Zu stopped and talked with the hairy man: “But what do you need from me?”


 The hairy man cautiously took out a Gu.


 This Gu resembled an ordinary rock and was covered with a thick layer of hair, the hairy man spoke: “I do not dare to break it. If it is success Gu, that is fine. But if it is failure Gu, the moment I break it, I will completely lose my sense of self. But Ren Zu, you are different. You are walking on a path that solely belongs to you, this means you have self Gu. Since you have self Gu, even if you break the failure Gu, you will not lose your self. So I want to request you to appraise it.”


 Ren Zu was happy: “So it is like that. I can help you, but if it is success Gu, please give it to me. I have an urgent need for it.”


 The hairy man said: “Alright! That is no problem.”


 Ren Zu touched the Gu worm in front of him. He made a wish upon this Gu: “Please return my fourth child, Boundless Forest Samsara, to my side.”


 At the next moment, the Gu worm crumbled.


 “Failure.” The hairy man was dejected: “It seems I refined a failure Gu.”


 Courage Gu on Ren Zu flew out: “Ren Zu, you are a failure. I am leaving you.”


 Courage Gu left Ren Zu and flew away.


 The hairy man, however, was invigorated: “It doesn’t matter, I can improve the Gu recipe. Ren Zu, wait a moment, I will refine it again.”


 Ren Zu wanted to chase after courage Gu and take it back, but he had an even greater desire for success Gu to rescue his children.


 He thought for a moment, and decided to wait for the hairy man leader to refine the Gu.


 The hairy man refined the second Gu and gave it to Ren Zu for inspection.


 Ren Zu touched the Gu and made a wish, the Gu worm crumbled again.


 “Another failure Gu.” The hairy man sighed in dejection.


 Faith Gu on Ren Zu flew out: “Ren Zu, you are a failure, you are not worthy of me.”


 Faith Gu also left Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu stamped his foot, and wanted to chase after it, but the hairy man tugged him: “Don’t be in a hurry, I have thought it through, this time I can definitely refine success Gu!”


 Faith Gu had already flown far away, Ren Zu realized he could not catch up to it, and said with a sigh: “Hairy man, refine it quickly, this is the last time I am trusting you.”


 The hairy man’s third Gu worm was still the failure Gu.


 Strength Gu also flew out: “Ren Zu, you are a failure, you are unworthy of possessing me.”


 Strength Gu flew away, Ren Zu felt bitter as he knew chasing after it would not give any result, so he could only gaze as strength Gu flew far away.


 However, right at this time, self Gu in his heart suddenly flew out and bit strength Gu.


 Strength Gu shrieked and flew even faster as a piece of it was bitten away. It soon disappeared like a streak of smoke.


 Ren Zu and the hairy man watched with stupefied expressions.


 Self Gu leisurely flew back, and said proudly to Ren Zu: “Any failure has its value. Ren Zu, I went through repeated failures and absorbed them to become stronger. Just now, I took a bite of strength Gu; from now on, you will have your own strength! I can still become stronger, I can devour any Gu worms to possess all their strength!”


 Ren Zu was shocked.


 The hairy man leader slapped his thigh, shouting: “I know how to refine success Gu, it is through failures. The more failures there are, the closer I will be to success! I understand, I understand now.”


 He shouted happily as he rushed away, leaving Ren Zu behind.


 ...


 According to the research of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, this Infallible blessed land was the possession of the hairy man leader. Hairy Foot Mountain was the place where the hairy man leader had once resided.


 After his death, the hairy man leader left behind an inheritance.


 It was to gather other people’s failures and refine them into mortal failure Gu. As the mortal Gu increased in numbers, they would then condense into success dao marks.


 After Heavenly Court discovered this, they captured the blessed land and used it as the foundation to develop and urge the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention to help the Infallible inheritance quickly accumulate mortal failure Gu. They will then use the gathered success dao marks to restore fate Gu.


 This was the origin of it all.



***
Chapter 846 - Persuading Fang Zheng


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 In Dang Hun palace, Fang Yuan showed his true form, his eight armed immortal zombie body seated on his bed, and his eyes shut.


 In his immortal aperture, there was an intense battle of wills.


 “Fang Yuan, you will die a terrible death!” Mo Yao’s will screamed in anger, but the next moment, Fang Yuan’s star will pounced at her.


 Two wills mixed together, they went into dangerous combat.


 Soon, Fang Yuan’s star will shrunk at a visible pace, even though Mo Yao’s fake will also suffered losses, her losses were much lower than those of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not mind it, he only observed the battle. He did not use many wisdom path killer moves, like previously, to help his star will fight.


 When Fang Yuan’s star will was about to lose, Fang Yuan smiled as he sent a lump of star will into the battle of wills.


 Soon, Fang Yuan’s star will suffered great losses again, and he sent in a third batch.


 Mo Yao’s will did not have a source to draw replenishment from, but Fang Yuan did, he sent in batches of star will until he finally got Mo Yao’s will to an extremely weak state.


 Fang Yuan withdrew his star will from the battlefield, he activated multiple killer moves and immobilized Mo Yao’s fake will again, he next nourished it and let her recover slowly so that he could search again next time.


 Mo Yao’s fake will was scattered into a lump by Fang Yuan, she did not even have the energy to curse at him or maintain a human shaped form.


 The information of greatest value in this fake will of Mo Yao’s was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance clues, he had already obtained them. The only things left were memories of her Gu refinement experiences.


 During the time he participated in the Refinement Path Convention, Fang Yuan did not forget to search the Gu refinement memories that Mo Yao’s will had, in addition, he wanted to train himself in how to engage in battles of wills.


 Initially, without using wisdom path methods, Fang Yuan’s star will would be losing and was not the match of Mo Yao’s fake will at all.


 Mo Yao was indeed a former fairy of Spirit Affinity House, with the identity of a female inkman, she was loved by Sword Immortal Bo Qing, becoming his only wife. Even among all the different generations of fairies in Spirit Affinity House, Mo Yao was one of the most accomplished ones.


 Even though this old hag mainly cultivated refinement path, her wisdom path attainment surpassed Fang Yuan greatly.


 In order to train himself, Fang Yuan purposely engaged in pure battles of wills with Mo Yao’s will. His losses in battle were at an astounding rate of one to a hundred. Fang Yuan would lose a hundred portions in exchange for one portion lost by Mo Yao’s will.


 But later, the more they fought, the more experience Fang Yuan gained, most importantly, he had the guidance of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, he grew rapidly as he engaged in the battles more frequently.


 From an almost blank state, he grew to a level that could fight Mo Yao’s fake will head on, his improvements were huge.


 From one to a hundred, his loss ratio went to one to four.


 That was to say, four portions of Fang Yuan’s star will could defeat Mo Yao’s fake will.


 Mo Yao’s fake will was extremely indignant in regards to Fang Yuan stealing her experiences and using her as a practice dummy, treating her like a stepping stone, but because she was restricted, she could not do anything despite her anger.


 Star will entered his mind, and Fang Yuan inspected the memories of Mo Yao that the star will stole.


 Soon after, he opened his eyes, a smile appeared on his face: “Interesting.”


 This memory was not related to Gu refinement experiences. Instead, the information was from back when Mo Yao and Sword Immortal Bo Qing had been traveling together, in Central Continent’s True Yang mountain range, they killed a group of desolate beasts and were about to take their loot when they found a hibiscus stalactite in the cave.


 Hibiscus stalactites were a rare rank seven immortal material, this stalactite produced a drop of stone heart liquid every year, this liquid was even more precious, it was a rank eight immortal material!


 Bo Qing was going to cut the stalactite, but Mo Yao stopped him.


 If he cut the stalactite, he would only get a rank seven immortal material, but if he left it alone, many years later, there would be a large amount of stone heart liquid. The value of a rank eight immortal material was much greater than a rank seven immortal material.


 Bo Qing listened to Mo Yao’s suggestion and set up many exquisite Gu formation arrangements, to perfectly conceal this cave.


 “So many years have passed, if this cave is still not found, the amount of rank eight immortal material, stone heart liquid, inside would be huge. Even if I cannot use it, I can collect it. In the future, I can sell it inside treasure yellow heaven, or trade it to obtain immortal materials that I want! A rank eight immortal material is something coveted by many Gu Immortals.”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, but also gained an even deeper understanding about Mo Yao’s fake will.


 “This fake will of Mo Yao’s has many techniques. She purposely concealed this precious memory. I only found out after searching most of her memories. Such a technique is not recorded even in Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, I have to get it from her!”


 Fang Yuan urged himself internally.


 But for now, he could not continue ravaging Mo Yao.


 Her fake will needed to recover, otherwise, she would not be able to take further damage.


 Fang Yuan did not go to True Yang mountain range to take the stone heart liquid. He got up and opened the prison entrance, arriving in front of his little brother, Fang Zheng.


 Fang Zheng was in a strange state.


 He had his eyes shut, lying on the ground, interchanging between ruthless and relaxed expressions from time to time, he would scream and even move his limbs around randomly, it was like he was in a nightmare.


 This was obviously the work of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand and the method was ended.


 Fang Zheng was breathing roughly and covered in sweat, after a while, he got up and asked: “What did you do to me?”


 He looked at Fang Yuan with a gaze filled with hatred.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, he said plainly: “My good brother, what I showed you were the true events that happened. This is the combination of my memories and Lord Sky Crane’s memories. You should know now that the disaster on Qing Mao mountain was not caused by me, it was because of your so-called master, Lord Sky Crane. If he did not come and try to take the blood path true inheritance, we might still be living happily on Qing Mao mountain as a family.”


 Fang Zheng was stunned, at this moment, he forgot how to speak, or rather, he did not know what to say!


 Fang Yuan spoke the truth, even though the clansmen were killed by Fang Yuan, he was forced to do so in order to survive. If not for Lord Sky Crane’s attempt to take the blood sea true inheritance, Qing Mao mountain’s three tribes would not have been destroyed.


 Of course, Lord Sky Crane did not hide the origin of this matter from Fang Zheng, he only explained it in a more pleasant manner that was in his favor.


 Fang Zheng had considered this problem before, but every time he thought about it, he would subconsciously avoid the issue.


 But now, Fang Yuan had searched Lord Sky Crane’s soul and played his memories directly in Fang Zheng’s mind.


 This was simply placing the cruel truth and facts in front of Fang Zheng, he could not avoid them even if he wanted to!


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan’s laughter could be heard in the air: “My beloved brother, don’t tell me you had never considered that your master, Lord Sky Crane, had unquestionable responsibility towards the destruction of Qing Mao mountain? You even acknowledged him as your master, you are truly a traitor.”


 Fang Yuan’s words were very sharp, they pierced into Fang Zheng’s inner depths.


 “Shut up!” Fang Zheng screamed, he had never felt so angry in his life!


 “Shut up, stop talking. You demon, you were the one who murdered the clan, you killed uncle and aunt, it was you, it was you, you murderer! Without master’s help, I would have died long ago, I will not allow you to slander my master...”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s smiled curled up mockingly, he chuckled: “Didn’t Lord Sky Crane save you in order to make use of you and find me? Hehehe, earlier, Immortal Crane Sect tried to use you to attack my Hu Immortal blessed land, didn’t you almost die then? My stupid brother, they are taking advantage of you, and you are actually a willing party?”


 “Stop talking, shut up, shut up!” Fang Zheng covered his ears, he shut his eyes, his face was flashing with rage and panic.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold, his tone was icy: “My weak-willed brother, you do not even have the courage to face the truth. Even if you have the power of a rank five Gu Master right now, deep inside, you are still just a child who has not matured. But you are my blood kin, as your elder brother, I will give you a chance. Join me, I will train you and make you strong, you will grow up and mature.”


 “No... no!” Fang Zheng opened his eyes, they were bloodshot as he stared at Fang Yuan with rage: “You murderer! You want me to work myself to death for you? Forget about it! Even, even if Immortal Crane Sect is making use of me, I do not hate them. Because they were the ones who nurtured me. And you! You are the one who killed uncle and aunt, you killed our entire clan. I hate you, I will never forgive you! If given a chance, I will kill you personally and take revenge!!!”


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes as he looked at Fang Zheng quietly.


 He laughed instead of being angry: “Hehehe, it seems you’ve learned a lot in Immortal Crane Sect. Seeing your desire to kill me, I am looking forward to it.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan turned around and left the cell.


 These days, Fang Yuan had placed most of his effort on the Refinement Path Convention. But he did not forget to use wisdom Gu and star thought Gu to undergo deductions.


 Deducing vaguely familiar face to this point had expended all of Fang Yuan’s capabilities. Thus, Fang Yuan went to deduce the killer move, myriad self, and successfully fused pulling water Immortal Gu into it, at this point, myriad self had three strength path cores.


 After that, Fang Yuan modified the recipe of airsac Gu, the mass production of the Gu now had more steps that were simpler to complete, the danger of the refinement had been reduced by thirty percent.


 When he modified memory thought Gu, star thought Gu, and malicious thought Gu, he encountered a wall. Fang Yuan’s wisdom path cultivation had just started, his wisdom path attainment level was too low, it greatly slowed down his deduction speed of these recipes.


 These last few days, Fang Yuan placed his attention on the Immortal Gu recipe of Blood Deity.


 He slowly completed the Blood Deity recipe, finding out some details. Even if he refined Blood Deity, he would need a blood relation to use it. Killing a blood relation would allow him to obtain a blood deity from the power of blood deity Immortal Gu.


 If this relative did not resist and contributed their life willingly, then the blood deity produced would be closely connected to the Gu Immortal, it could be manipulated with ease. In contrast, if the relative carried hatred and anger, the blood deity might cause a backlash to the owner.


 This was the reason why Fang Yuan was trying to persuade Fang Zheng.


 If he had any other way to remove his immortal zombie status, he would use Fang Zheng for this instead. All in all, Fang Zheng had caused much trouble to Fang Yuan in the past, Fang Yuan was not going to let him off.



***
Chapter 847 - Blood Path Demon’s Might


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This matter was troublesome.


 There were actually many unconventional methods to make someone loyal. The Gu Master world never lacked such methods. For instance, enslavement path was especially proficient in dealing with this issue.


 But to turn Fang Zheng into a blood deity, these methods could not be used. A blood deity was equivalent to another life form, during the moment the transformation succeeds, all the methods used on Fang Zheng previously would lose their effects. Fang Zheng’s original thoughts and intentions would influence the blood deity.


 The power of a blood deity could certainly be foreseen.


 Because the lightning deities derived from blood deities were extremely powerful. Vicious Lightning Fiend was only a rank six Gu Immortal, but by relying on three lightning deities, he made challenges everywhere, and his reputation kept on rising as even rank seven Gu Immortals lost to him.


 A blood deity was similar, it had battle strength on the level of a Gu Immortal. Adding one would mean a battle of two against one. Adding two would mean three against one. If the number increased further, it would become a group fighting on one side.


 Fang Yuan was only an immortal zombie right now, his cultivation could not advance, using numbers to make up for it was also only a temporary solution.


 All dreams, desires and ambitions were built on the premise of survival.


 Once one died, all would turn to dust.


 Blood deities could greatly raise Fang Yuan’s battle strength, and Fang Yuan was also a blood path grandmaster. If one day, something went wrong, where Fang Yuan was hunted down and the situation turned dire, he could only choose to once again cultivate blood path, his old specialty.


 Time path, wisdom path, blood path... Fang Yuan was cautious and prepared for everything. He would never look down on making excessive preparations.


 However, the current situation was still not too bad.


 “Converting Fang Zheng to my side cannot be done quickly, I need to take it slowly. No matter how much Immortal Crane Sect has brainwashed him, with my methods, as long as I put in effort, I will definitely reach my goal one day.”


 “At present, the trade of both guts Gu and regretful spiders has been established, now I only have to wait for the transaction token to use Western Desert’s Xiao clan as a starting point, to openly enter Western Desert’s market in the businesses of dragonfish and eerie fire dragon pythons. When that happens, I will be earning large amounts of wealth every day!”


 “My main priority for now is still refining change form Immortal Gu. I have already eliminated most of the tough opponents, my placement in the top six is basically guaranteed. The only variable is Feng Jin Huang.”


 Fang Yuan thought of the current situation and his plan.


 Because of her defeat to Fang Yuan, Feng Jin Huang learned the true usage of dream wings Immortal Gu in advance. By exploring dream realms, her refinement path attainment had already reached quasi-grandmaster level.


 Exploring dream realms was truly the best shortcut to raise one’s attainment level.


 Feng Jin Huang had Immortal Gu with her, and also had her mother, Fairy Bai Qing, who took care of her wholeheartedly, the speed at which her refinement path attainment increased was simply absurd!


 Fang Yuan had to make accumulations over five hundred years to become a quasi-grandmaster in refinement path. Meanwhile, Feng Jin Huang had caught up to him in such a short time period.


 During the five regions chaotic war in Fang Yuan’s previous life, battle raged everywhere fiercely, forming an extraordinary era where countless champions emerged from the lower levels.


 In regards to this era, other than the five regions chaotic war and the turbulence in social order, dream realms were one of the main causes of it.


 Dream realms might be filled with dangers, but if one could explore them successfully, their foundation would be raised directly. This was an extremely great fortuitous encounter, allowing many minor characters to make astounding accomplishments.


 Often, what champions lacked was only an opportunity to develop.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated, Fang Yuan had been secretly gathering much information on Feng Jin Huang’s participation in the Refinement Path Convention.


 At first, her methods were rather clumsy but after gaining some experience, she rapidly grew up into a strong opponent for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was familiar with the tests in the competition, thus his ability was overrated by the outside world. However, the duel with Feng Jin Huang was an unknown variable, it had not occurred in his previous life and thus his rebirth advantage could not be shown.


 “I must pay attention to Feng Jin Huang, if I don’t deal with this properly, I might even lose out on the Infallible inheritance. But after passing this hurdle, I can use this precious opportunity to refine change form Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan knew many inside details regarding the Infallible inheritance.


 The top six winners would be rewarded with six success dao marks, which would be imprinted on the Gu Master’s body on the spot, outsiders had no chance to seize them.


 However, even though it was named infallible, it was not a ‘definite success’.


 The success dao mark could only eliminate the natural probability of failure during the process of refining Gu.


 There was always a possibility of failure while refining Gu. Even if there was no error from the person during the whole process, the refinement could still fail randomly.


 This was the failure probability.


 For instance, during the second round of the Refinement Path Convention at Flying Frost Sect, Fang Yuan refined ten ghost fire Gu, he did not make any mistake, but a ghost fire Gu had exploded for no reason.


 There was also the time during the battle with Fang Huai when the blue peacock’s head had inexplicably turned into ash when merging with the incomplete Gu. During the whole process, there was no error with Fang Yuan’s control over the fire. Later, when he succeeded in refining the Gu, he had used the same method, without any changes.


 There were various opinions regarding this failure probability.


 The most popular reasoning was that it was because of laws.


 Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, why is it that they possess all sorts of mysterious powers? It was because they contained the natural laws of heaven and earth. Mortal Gu contained meager traces of laws, while Immortal Gu contained fragments.


 Gu refinement was a process of combining these traces of laws into one, forming larger law traces. It was also reverse-refining a larger law trace into smaller ones.


 Because it involved laws, there would always be situations where these laws would have subtle differences, and during the refinement, instead of merging together like the person wished, they would collide and conflict, ending up with the result of failure.


 Fang Yuan also accepted this reasoning and acknowledged it was sensible.


 The smaller the law traces, the fewer the characteristics, the more easy it was to combine them. This was why the lower the rank of the mortal Gu, the easier they were to refine.


 The bigger the traces, the more differences in characteristics they would have from other traces, which made them more difficult to combine. At the level of Immortal Gu, the law fragments had individual characteristics that were unique to themselves. So, all Immortal Gu was unique, thus refining Immortal Gu was extremely difficult to succeed.


 The success dao marks in the Infallible inheritance could remove the failure probability. One success dao mark could at most be used in rank six Immortal Gu. To succeed in refining rank seven and rank eight, the success dao marks required would not be just one.


 However, during the refinement process, if Fang Yuan made a major mistake in his technique, the Immortal Gu refinement could fail.


 Even if there no errors in the methods, and the failure probability was completely eliminated by the success dao mark, but if the Immortal Gu being refined already existed, then at the final juncture, the Gu refinement would still fail.


 Immortal Gu were unique, since the Immortal Gu already existed, it signified the unique characteristic law fragment had already condensed. Thinking of forming another of the same law fragment was impossible.


 As for the change form Immortal Gu Fang Yuan was thinking of refining, he had not yet heard of any Gu Immortal possessing it.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan based this on his previous life’s memories, the information he gathered in this life, as well as using wisdom path methods to make deductions, based on all this, the probability for change form Immortal Gu to already be in existence was very low.


 If it truly existed and the Gu refinement failed in the end, Fang Yuan could not do anything other than to admit his own bad luck.


 This was the harshness of Gu refinement, and at the same time, the beauty of it.


 Central Continent, True Yang mountain range.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend slowly landed down on top of a mountain peak and gazed at the opposite mountain peak, where there was already a rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal.


 “Vicious Lightning Fiend, you have challenged me, but if you can’t put up a decent wager, I won’t accept it.” The demonic path rank seven Gu Immortal spoke.


 He looked middle-aged and vigorous, he was wearing tight-fitting martial arts attire with a red cape draping behind. His surname was Dan and his given name was Qiao, he was known as Blazing Demonic Immortal, his main cultivation was fire path and his vicious reputation had spread far and wide.


 “Hahaha.” Vicious Lightning Fiend laughed heartily, “Blazing Demonic Immortal, you indeed belong to the demonic path, speaking of benefits in all things. You are a strong opponent, so I specially prepared one thousand five hundred kilograms of hibiscus branches.”


 “What? One thousand five hundred kilograms of hibiscus branches...” Dan Qiao was moved, the wager Vicious Lightning Fiend put forward directly spoke to his deepest desires.


 Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao snorted: “It seems you made many preparations for this, even finding out my urgent need for hibiscus branches to refine Immortal Gu. Alright, if I lose, I will give you six hundred strands of two-nine thunder heavenly qi. The agreement is set!”


 Both were people who came straight to point and were resolute.


 After setting the challenge agreement, they began the fight straight away!


 World decimating fire crows!


 Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao waved his hand, untold numbers of fire crows flew, shrouding the sky and earth as they raised a boundless inferno.


 Lightning dragon purgatory!


 Vicious Lightning Fiend laughed strangely as he pushed forward with his hands open, emitting endless lightning bolts. Thunderbolts and lightning gathered into hundreds of lightning dragons that charged forward madly. Everywhere they passed, the landscape collapsed, displaying their terrifying might.


 Lightning dragons and fire crows clashed, causing the entirety of their surroundings to be filled with the red blaze of fire and the deep blue radiance of lightning.


 Boom boom boom...


 The explosions were unceasing. Blazing Demonic Immortal and Vicious Lightning Fiend appeared like mirages, as they moved extremely fast, clashing viciously several times in the midst of the hell of fire and lightning.


 They did not make any probing moves, they just used powerful skills in succession.


 Since Vicious Lightning Fiend challenged Blazing Demonic Immortal to increase his reputation, he had already gathered the necessary information.


 And since Dan Qiao had agreed to Vicious Lightning Fiend’s challenge, he also had made sufficient preparations and had enough understanding of Vicious Lightning Fiend, and also the confidence of attaining victory.


 After a while, Blazing Demonic Immortal used three different immortal killer moves in a row, leaving Vicious Lightning Fiend unable to make ground.


 Dan Qiao could be said to be the strongest opponent Vicious Lightning Fiend had challenged since he exited seclusion. Regardless of cultivation level, immortal essence or the dao marks on their bodies, Dan Qiao surpassed Vicious Lightning Fiend.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend was losing but he was not panicking.


 This situation was within his expectations. In fact, he had also been at a disadvantage when challenging those rank seven Gu Immortals previously.


 After all, his cultivation was only rank six, this was a common situation when challenging higher ranked experts.


 “Hahaha, this fire is truly interesting!” Vicious Lightning Fiend suddenly raised his head and shouted, his eyes flashing sharply. His body shook and three lightning figures slowly flew out of his immortal aperture, attacking Blazing Demonic Immortal.


 Lightning deities!


 Lightning deities that contained lightning path dao marks!


 The battle strength of three Gu Immortals!


 Blazing Demonic Immortal quickly retreated, while Vicious Lightning Fiend took advantage of this to counterattack and turn the situation around.


 The battle raged on heatedly for an hour. It concerned enormous wagers and reputation, neither of them were willing to back down easily.


 The intense immortal essence consumption made both sides feel great loss. Dan Qiao did not continue enduring this, and suddenly attacked ruthlessly!


 He had been planning this attack well in advance, Vicious Lightning Fiend could not dodge and had to face it head-on.


 Boom!


 A huge explosion occurred, Vicious Lightning Fiend was sent flying while spitting out blood.


 “Admit your defeat, great fire demon true body!” Dan Qiao suddenly turned into a giant blazing demon and chased with extreme speed.


 In a flash, the fire demon had closed in upon Vicious Lightning Fiend.


 “No, I won’t lose! Lightning deity, detonate!!” In the moment of crisis, Vicious Lightning Fiend’s ferocious nature was stimulated as he boldly self-detonated a lightning deity!


 Rumble...!!


 The lightning deity’s self-detonation created a boundless clamor that could shake mountains.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend and Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao were both in a heavily injured state, they were exhausted and their battle strengths had greatly reduced.


 “Interesting, hand over both of your lives!” Suddenly, a blood colored light flew over, forming a battlefield killer move that enveloped both the wounded parties.


 “Song Zi Xing?!” Dan Qiao shouted in fear, recognizing this killer move.



***
Chapter 848 - Ambushing Song Zi Xing


***





 Chapter 848 Ambushing Song Zi Xing


 Translator: AtlasStudios | Editor: AtlasStudios /Atlas Studios


 Blood, blood, blood!


 The sky had blood colored clouds, the ground was now beneath a sea of blood, all around in the air, there was blood colored light.


 This was Song Zi Xing’s personal creation, his signature battlefield killer move — Blood Tu Su, it was uniquely distinctive in Central Continent.


 Song Zi Xing had a strongly vengeful mindset. Previously, during an exploration, many gains were seized away by Gu Immortals from Tu Su City. Thus, after creating the battlefield killer move, he set out to take revenge. He turned the entire city into dust, and killed the two Gu Immortals in the city.


 His revenge succeeded, Song Zi Xing felt gratified, he wrote some words with blood in the sky above the rubble of Tu Su city: It took a while, but revenge came after a year, today I arrived and used Blood Tu Su. The name of the perpetrator is — Song Zi Xing.


 From that day onwards, his battlefield killer move was named ‘Blood Tu Su’.


 Thus, seeing this scene, Blazing Demonic Immortal recognized that it was Song Zi Xing’s attack.


 As expected, a moment later, a figure descended from the sky.


 Song Zi Xing was clothed in a blood red robe, his body was long and sharp like a spear. His face was pale and he had a sharp nose, his gaze was ruthless like that of an eagle or vulture.


 As he descended, the blood sea went into turbulence as the blood colored clouds rumbled like dragons or pythons.


 The surrounding blood colored light flew into the sky, it was a dazzling sight, Song Zi Xing seemed like the ruler of the world, a demonic god of the sun and moon.


 “Song, Song Zi Xing, why are you here?” Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao looked at Song Zi Xing as his face went pale, his expression was that of shock and anger, but also immense fear.


 “Why can’t I be here?” Song Zi Xing turned around slightly to look at Dan Qiao, he smiled lightly as his gaze was filled with killing intent: “Dan Qiao, back then when I lost to Feng Jiu Ge, you attempted to take advantage of the situation and ambushed me, attacking me with an immortal killer move. I’ve intentionally left behind the scar that you inflicted on me all this time. I have been waiting to take revenge on you, but you hid inside True Yang mountain range, causing me to be unable to find you. But you dared to accept Vicious Lightning Fiend’s challenge, hehehe, thus I came today to settle the score with you.”


 A wise man knows better than to fight when the odds are against him, Dan Qiao sighed as he decided to give in: “Lord Song Zi Xing, I am willing to apologize to you!”


 He was a grand rank seven Gu Immortal, but he lowered his head instead of fighting.


 Song Zi Xing had a vast and mighty demonic reputation, he was on par with Shi Lei and had incredible battle results. Back when he was in Myriad Dragon Dock, he was renowned in Central Continent. After that, he betrayed them and escaped, even though Myriad Dragon Dock pursued him and sent eight Gu Immortals in successive waves, he killed four of them, crippled three of them, and forced one to retreat.


 This result caused a commotion in Central Continent, Song Zi Xing left scot-free. Myriad Dragon Dock went into a downturn, its reputation was even lower than that of Immortal Crane Sect. It became the worst among the ten great ancient sects. Only until now, when Vicious Lightning Fiend came out of closed cultivation, did they start to regain their status.


 Of course, Song Zi Xing had experienced defeat as well.


 His most famous loss was against Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge only used three moves and Song Zi Xing was defeated completely, escaping frantically.


 But this loss did not tarnish Song Zi Xing’s reputation. Because his opponent was Feng Jiu Ge, and he could escape and live, this was something no one could look down on.


 In fact, practically all demonic path Gu Immortals were skilled in escaping. Song Zi Xing was particularly skilled in this aspect.


 “Hahaha, apologize?” Hearing Blazing Demonic Immortal’s words, Song Zi Xing showed a mocking expression: “If you had been like this and understood your position earlier, I would not have chased you until you hid inside True Yang mountain range.”


 “Lord, please speak, as long as I can obtain your forgiveness, I am willing to pay the price.” Dan Qiao said melancholically.


 “If you want to obtain my forgiveness, it is very simple, hand your life over to me.” Song Zi Xing said nonchalantly.


 Dan Qiao lifted his head, his expression was pale as he spoke with grief and indignation: “Song Zi Xing, are you really not letting me off?”


 “Let you off? Hehe, hehehe!” This demonic path overlord raised his head and laughed: “I, Song Zi Xing, will always take revenge, when Tu Su City’s Gu Immortals took what was mine, I murdered the entire city and people inside. Back then, you ambushed me, it is already my greatest kindness that I am not torturing you before killing you. Are you still not satisfied? Today, you are doomed to die!”


 Saying this, he turned around and looked at Vicious Lightning Fiend: “Oh right, you are still here. Didn’t you claim to want to challenge me? I am here now.”


 He spoke mockingly, like a cat playing with its food.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend was trying to heal himself now, the explosion earlier had given him a wound that was not small, he was still using his methods, but he raised his head and said: “Song Zi Xing, you were a Gu Immortal from Myriad Dragon Dock, in terms of seniority, you are my senior! A challenge is definitely needed. But today, since you are here to seek revenge, I will not interfere. Let me go or I will self detonate my lightning deities and force my way out!”


 “Hahaha, your immortal killer move, lightning deity, is indeed impressive and can create a strong enough force to break open my Blood Tu Su. But so what? Can you escape? Think about it, can your escaping methods surpass my blood rainbow flash in terms of speed?”


 Song Zi Xing laughed arrogantly.


 It sounded like he was trash talking, but his words were actually attempting to decrease their fighting spirits.


 But at the next moment, Song Zi Xing’s expression changed, his gaze towards Vicious Lightning Fiend turned grim as he shouted: “Something’s wrong! With your personality, how can you back off at this moment?”


 In terms of acting, Vicious Lightning Fiend was inferior to the demonic path Gu Immortal Dan Qiao.


 In Song Zi Xing’s view, a flaw was found immediately.


 At once, Song Zi Xing’s heart was pounding, the blood in his heart was surging and crashing into his blood vessels, attacking the inner walls of his heart.


 This was his immortal killer move — Heart Blood Premonition!


 Even though it was a blood path technique, it could mimic wisdom path and deduce dangerous or favorable circumstances for Song Zi Xing.


 An intense feeling of danger assaulted Song Zi Xing’s heart.


 “This is a trap!!” Song Zi Xing growled, he wanted to leave.


 Lightning Lock!


 Lava Chain!


 At this moment, Vicious Lightning Fiend and Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao, who were fighting, joined forces and attacked Song Zi Xing together.


 Song Zi Xing sneered, the blood sea beneath his feet rose up, creating huge red waves that were imposing and grand.


 The huge blood waves blocked the lightning and lava.


 Meanwhile, Song Zi Xing turned into a bloody rainbow and vanished on the spot.


 This was an immortal killer move, blood rainbow flash, it was extremely fast, he flew out of the battlefield killer move, Blood Tu Su, immediately. Song Zi Xing was very resolute, he discarded even the blood path Immortal Gu that he used to construct the battlefield killer move, he flew out and tried to retreat.


 A few breaths later, the bloody rainbow had already flown an enormous distance.


 The bloody rainbow vanished, Song Zi Xing’s figure appeared in the air, he looked down at the unchanging mountain below him as his expression turned ugly: “Oh no, I’m in an illusion.”


 His mind worked quickly, as the sense of danger intensified, he realized that this was a trap from his enemies.


 He quickly flew back and tried to regain control of the battlefield killer move, Blood Tu Su.


 But at this time, a total of sixteen Gu Immortals appeared, with incredible auras surging in the air.


 They attacked together, sixteen immortal killer moves landed on Song Zi Xing.


 Boom boom boom...


 Dazzling light shined on the cruel or emotionless faces of every Gu Immortal.


 After the light faded, Song Zi Xing could be seen to be in a pitiful state.


 His face was covered in soot, as his black robe was tattered.


 A layer of blood red armor was around his body, as he looked around him in anger: “This is Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Illusion Garden! What great handiwork, you even brought your Immortal Gu House to deal with me. And the rest of you, did the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent join up?”


 Song Zi Xing was furious but also perplexed.


 He was a demonic path Gu Immortal, but he had been moving around and hiding without being too rampant. Recently, he did not commit any great crimes, why were there so many people teaming up against him?


 But soon, Song Zi Xing understood: “To be able to force all ten great sects of Central Continent to work together, this must be an order from Heavenly Court.”


 “That’s right, Song Zi Xing, you understand it yourself. Junior brother Vicious Lightning went around challenging people, it was the arrangement of a wisdom path Gu Immortal, in order to lure you. Junior brother’s lightning deity was derived from Blood Deity, you have been wanting this Immortal Gu recipe, and with Blazing Demonic Immortal being your enemy, you were finally attracted to this place.”


 “But you were too vigilant, you had been following behind Vicious Lightning Fiend and watched him go through more than ten different challenges previously without striking. Only after Vicious Lightning Fiend self detonated a lightning deity did you get baited successfully.”


 “Hehehe, you are so hard to catch. To make you show up, we in Ancient Soul Sect, Heaven’s Envy Manor, and Spirit Butterfly Valley had three wisdom path Gu Immortals collaborating to interfere with your immortal killer move, heart blood premonition. This prevented you from sensing the danger in advance.”


 The three rank seven Gu Immortals who were leading the group spoke slowly one by one.


 The other thirteen Gu Immortals were all rank six.


 At this point, some people could not control themselves anymore, they charged up: “Song Zi Xing, you killed my elder brother and raped my sister-in-law, I will tear your skin and bones apart, ahhhhhh!”


 “Song Zi Xing, you will definitely die today, I will take revenge for Sun clan’s seven hundred and thirty people today!”


 Song Zi Xing was an evildoer, he caused many tragedies. But those who had the strength to take revenge on him were few. Many Gu Immortals who offended Song Zi Xing lived in fear, they were afraid that he might take revenge on them one day.


 Blood Dragon Song Zi Xing had a strong thirst for revenge, that was well known to everyone.


 Blazing Demonic Immortal was one of them, he was chased down by Song Zi Xing, he had to hide inside True Yang mountain range. But because Song Zi Xing was forcing him to his limits, this demonic path Gu Immortal was willing to undergo such a realistic show with Vicious Lightning Fiend and the others.


 Eight rank six Gu Immortals attacked Song Zi Xing.


 The Gu Immortals from the ten ancient sects of Central Continent remained in the air, they formed a tight encirclement.


 The Gu Immortals who were currently fighting Song Zi Xing were lone cultivators. These people were contacted by the ten ancient sects, they had deep hatred towards Song Zi Xing.


 Song Zi Xing’s crimes were all targeted at small forces, he tried not to cause trouble with the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent. But he was a person who had successfully escaped fate, killing him would help the healing of fate Gu greatly. With Heavenly Court’s orders, the ten great ancient sects had to stop fighting between themselves and work together to kill Song Zi Xing.


 Song Zi Xing was attacked from all sides, he was in a disadvantage. Without any way to fight back, he could only choose to escape.


 His speed was very fast, the name of blood rainbow flash was famous in Central Continent, his speed rose at once, the Central Continent lone cultivators were left in the dust behind him!



***
Chapter 849 - Successful Escape


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Song Zi Xing, the day has come where you get what you deserve!”


 “Aren’t you called the Blood Dragon? Don’t run if you have guts.”


 Blood rainbow flash was extremely fast and very nimble, the pursuing Gu Immortals used killer moves to obstruct him but there was little effect, the distance between them was growing.


 But the Immortal Gu House, Illusion Garden, was set up already, they were not afraid that Song Zi Xing would escape.


 The scene became quite strange, a group of people were chasing after Song Zi Xing with immense hatred, their killing intent was overflowing like fire, but they could not reach him.


 “He is as slippery as an eel.” The Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten ancient sects did not chase him, they observed the situation and used some immortal killer moves from time to time.


 Song Zi Xing was still quite dangerous, his battle result in fighting the pursuers from Myriad Dragon Dock made people feel apprehension.


 That was why Central Continent’s ten ancient sects invited many lone cultivators, in their plan, these lone cultivators were cannon fodder, they were meant to probe Song Zi Xing’s methods and waste immortal essence he had stored up.


 Without immortal essence, even if Song Zi Xing was a blood path Gu Immortal, his battle strength would fall.


 “This cannot go on, Song Zi Xing is only wholeheartedly escaping, we are unable to force out his trump cards.” A while later, a Central Continent Gu Immortal spoke.


 Many other people frowned: “Don’t you find it strange? Song Zi Xing is called the Blood Dragon, his violent blood dragon bat has rank seven battle strength, but he has not used it yet. All along until now, he has been escaping without truly attacking.”


 “Hehehe, what are you afraid of? Song Zi Xing is already trapped by the Immortal Gu House, Illusion Garden, the biggest flaw of our ambush was the duration needed to set up Illusion Garden, now that Song Zi Xing is already trapped, his demise is only a matter of time.”


 “We cannot be careless. Blood path Gu Immortals cannot be judged with common sense, maybe he is searching around everywhere for a flaw?”


 “Maybe he has powerful reinforcements? Therefore, stalling for time?”


 While they were guessing, the voices of the two rank seven Gu Immortals from Heavenly Lotus Sect resounded: “Everyone, it is time to strike, mobilizing the Immortal Gu House is very taxing, we cannot drag this on for long.”


 In truth, along with Vicious Lightning Fiend and Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao, a total of twenty Gu Immortals had ambushed Song Zi Xing.


 Vicious Lightning Fiend and Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao were bait, the two rank seven Gu Immortals from Heavenly Lotus Sect did not show up, they were controlling the Immortal Gu House secretly. The remaining sixteen Gu Immortals showed up to fight Song Zi Xing.


 Mobilizing the Immortal Gu House caused great expenditure to their immortal essence. Especially a complete Immortal Gu House like Illusion Garden, it was far more taxing than using an incomplete Immortal Gu House like Profound Ice House. Even rank seven Gu Immortals could not sustain it for long.


 The Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent were rushed, most of them entered the battle, only three rank seven Gu Immortals were overlooking the situation in case of any accidents.


 Song Zi Xing was still escaping, he did not fight back.


 “I’ve heard of how fast blood rainbow flash was long ago, now that I see it, it truly is amazing.”


 “It is even faster than my cloud shock sail, it is also as fast as purple heaven lightning wings, a movement killer move that is in the top ten even in Central Continent.”


 “Not only is it fast, it is agile, it can twist and turn around easily, it has all-around capability in terms of mobility. What a pity.”


 The three rank seven Gu Immortals were evaluating.


 They felt some regret, an outstanding movement immortal killer move like blood rainbow flash could not be obtained easily. If they could get it, they would be able to retreat at will, they would be able to save their own lives when escaping!


 But this was a blood path killer move, even if righteous path Gu Immortals get it, they could not use it, unless they betrayed the righteous path and went into the demonic path.


 Back then, Song Zi Xing betrayed his sect and went to the demonic path, other than conflicts with his sect, the main reason was that he could not resist the allure of blood path’s strength.


 As the Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten sects joined in, Song Zi Xing’s situation got worse.


 Their encirclement became tighter, everyone joined forces, even though blood rainbow flash was fast, it had its limits. Eventually, he was trapped.


 “Demons are meant to be slain, die!”


 “Kill, kill Song Zi Xing!!”


 Eventually, they trapped Song Zi Xing in the center, many lone cultivator Gu Immortals struck and attacked Song Zi Xing.


 They did not get close, they attacked with long range methods, Song Zi Xing was making them feel wary by not fighting back.


 These lone cultivator Gu Immortals were not idiots, they knew the reason why Central Continent’s ten great sects invited them to ambush Song Zi Xing. But they were willing to be cannon fodder, because they had intense hatred with Song Zi Xing, irreconcilable to the point that only one side could live.


 Gu Immortals were still humans, they were afraid of dying.


 If not for Song Zi Xing’s overbearing attitude, causing them to live in fear daily, they would not attempt this.


 From this, the advantage of Vicious Lightning Fiend’s lightning deities could be seen. Having the battle strength of Gu Immortals and not fearing death, they could be produced in batches, this was terrifying. Thankfully, each lightning deity was formed by paying a huge price, and they needed a huge sum to be maintained.


 The Gu Immortals were prepared, their attacks landed on Song Zi Xing. He tried to dodge, but there was little space, he took a heavy beating.


 At once, he was blown to pieces, blood splattered everywhere.


 “Oh no! This is not Song Zi Xing’s real body!!” Seeing this, the immortals were stunned, they realized the truth.


 “Be careful of Song Zi Xing’s sneak attack!”


 “How did he conceal himself? My investigative killer move could not find him?”


 “Stay calm, we are inside the Immortal Gu House Illusion Garden, he cannot escape! Search carefully!!”


 Gu Immortals were all experienced people, they quickly calmed down. Even if Song Zi Xing wanted to attack them by surprise, he could not find a chance.


 The immortals displayed their abilities, they searched quickly but they made no progress.


 Their gazes quickly focused on Blood Tu Su, someone realized: “Oh no! Song Zi Xing never came out, his real body has always been inside the battlefield killer move, Vicious Lightning Fiend and Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao are in danger!!”


 Since the beginning, Song Zi Xing’s battlefield killer move, Blood Tu Su, had been encased like a red egg, floating in the air.


 The immortals did not destroy this battlefield killer move, firstly because their attentions were attracted to ‘Song Zi Xing’. They were also unwilling to help Vicious Lightning Fiend. He had been challenging people everywhere, gaining huge reputation, as a person who was quite unreasonable, all of the ten sects of Central Continent, including Myriad Dragon Dock, wanted to suppress him for a bit. In addition, destroying Blood Tu Su would also expend a lot of immortal essence.


 Thus, Blood Tu Su was ‘accidentally forgotten’ by the immortals.


 The fundamental problem now was that because they were strong, they underestimated the enemy.


 The immortals realized they were fooled by Song Zi Xing, overcome with rage and embarrassment, they charged towards Blood Tu Su.


 Blood Tu Su was not an Immortal Gu House, it was only a battlefield killer move, under the intense attacks, it trembled intensely. Three breaths later, Song Zi Xing removed the battlefield killer move.


 Blood Tu Su collapsed, Song Zi Xing laughed loudly as he flew out in a bloody rainbow.


 Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao was dead, his corpse was held in Song Zi Xing’s hands, meanwhile, Vicious Lightning Fiend was heavily injured, falling into a coma. Only one lightning deity was left, it was very weak and was guarding around Vicious Lightning Fiend.


 If they were slightly later, Vicious Lightning Fiend might have been killed by Song Zi Xing.


 But Song Zi Xing was also heavily injured, his left arm was completely amputated up to his shoulder.


 The battlefield killer move, Blood Tu Su, isolated itself from the world, becoming an independent area. Furthermore, Song Zi Xing had special methods and prevented Vicious Lightning Fiend or Dan Qiao from seeking help from the outside world.


 Song Zi Xing was able to kill Blazing Demonic Immortal Dan Qiao and send Vicious Lightning Fiend into a coma when surrounded by everyone.


 This was a huge humiliation!


 The Gu Immortals were furious, anger was rising in them.


 If news spread, how would they face anyone?


 “Kill, kill Song Zi Xing!!”


 “Blood Dragon deserves death, he should not live in this world.”


 “Removing evil for the people of the world, upholding justice!”


 At once, Gu Immortals attacked, all sorts of immortal killer moves and battlefield killer moves were sent towards Song Zi Xing.


 Song Zi Xing laughed arrogantly, blood rainbow flash was used again and he evaded most of the immortal killer moves. Next, he raised Blazing Demonic Immortal’s corpse and said: “Thanks for the gift, now, I’ll return it to you. Detonate!”


 Blood red light burst into the sky, as a shocking explosion occurred.


 The immortals were sent flying, but Song Zi Xing was completely unharmed at the center of the explosion, the blood path dao marks in his body were shining brightly, protecting him.


 Illusion Garden shook heavily, a crack opened from his intense attack.


 Blood rainbow flash!


 In the blink of an eye, Song Zi Xing vanished, he escaped the Immortal Gu House and flew beyond the vision of the Gu Immortals!


 “Chase him, he was hit by my immortal killer move, I can sense him.”


 “How can a grand Immortal Gu House become damaged to the point of cracking?!”


 The immortals growled as they chased him.


 The two rank seven Gu Immortals from Heavenly Lotus Sect retrieved their Immortal Gu House and joined in. Their expressions were ugly: “It is that violent blood dragon bat! Song Zi Xing arranged for it to be outside, it crashed into Illusion Garden and self-detonated, together with Song Zi Xing’s internal attack, a crack was formed!”


 The violent blood dragon bat was an ancient desolate beast, its battle strength was equivalent to a rank seven Gu Immortal. The force of its self-detonation was quite extraordinary. Furthermore, Illusion Garden was only maintained by two Gu Immortals, they could not react to the explosion in time, allowing Song Zi Xing to forcefully create hope during that desperate situation!


 The immortals would not give up like this, they chased him with gritted teeth.


 A battle of pursuit appeared on True Yang mountain range.


 The pursuers had huge numbers, a total of seventeen Gu Immortals (One Gu Immortal from Myriad Dragon Dock was staying behind to take care of Vicious Lightning Fiend).


 But now at this point, the battle was no longer controlled by the righteous path Gu Immortals, they had fallen into Song Zi Xing’s tempo.


 Song Zi Xing was a demonic cultivator, and was most skilled in escaping.


 “I cannot go outside immediately, this True Yang mountain range is the best hiding spot! I lost my violent blood dragon bat, after I escape, I will definitely settle the score!” Song Zi Xing’s expression was twisted, this loss was making him feel loss.


 He swore inwardly, as he used blood rainbow flash to turn and land on a mountain.


 Inside True Yang mountain range, there were countless fierce beasts.


 In the chase, large numbers of desolate beasts and even ancient desolate beasts were disturbed, they created a lot of problems for the pursuers behind Song Zi Xing.


 Song Zi Xing was well aware: The more chaotic the situation, the easier he could find a chance to slip away to freedom!


 Three days later, late at night.


 The moon was hanging in the sky, a dim blood red light moved along the ground as it flew out of True Yang mountain range.


 Clank!


 Suddenly, a metallic sound was heard, as a golden bell phantom covered the blood red light.


 An injured Gu Immortal appeared, he shouted: “Song Zi Xing, where do you think you are going?”


 Just as he said that, Song Zi Xing, who was inside the golden bell, vanished, in his place was a palm and a small section of his forearm.


 “Oh no, this is a fake, the true body is there!” The Gu Immortal’s expression changed, he turned around and flew towards another direction.


 Long afterwards, a figure appeared quietly from afar.


 It was Fang Yuan, he was wearing a mask, his body was covered in a thin layer of smoke as he walked towards the golden bell phantom silently.


 Looking at the arm in the bell, he showed an expression of joy.



***
Chapter 850 - Blood Demon Body Separation, Breaking the Bell for the Arm


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Immortal killer move blood demon body separation...” Fang Yuan looked at the severed arm in the golden bell phantom as he muttered.


 According to the >, after he betrayed Myriad Dragon Dock and defeated the pursuers, he hid his tracks and cultivated with all his effort, developing rapidly.


 He had great foresight, he understood his own situation, thus he devised this killer move.


 During the current Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, the ten great sects ambushed and attempted to kill Song Zi Xing, but he escaped in the end.


 This was also the first time blood demon body separation was displayed, shocking the entirety of Central Continent. The reason why Song Zi Xing could escape was attributed to this.


 This immortal killer move could create a clone in a short period of time. The clone had great speed that could rival blood rainbow flash. Furthermore, it was very realistic and deceptive. Even investigative immortal killer moves could not see a flaw in it.


 However, this method had a huge price.


 It needed a body part of the person to create the clone. They also had to expend a huge amount of immortal essence as the energy source to maintain the existence of the clone. The more immortal essence consumed, the longer it could exist.


 There were many methods for Gu Immortals to regrow their limbs, but blood demon body separation’s cost was not only superficially losing the limb. In truth, it expended the body’s blood path dao marks.


 Precisely because of these blood path dao marks, blood demon body separation could achieve such a wondrous effect.


 If it did not pay a price in blood path dao marks, the clone body from blood demon body separation would not be able to pass off as the real person.


 When ordinary Gu Immortals were hurt, for example, if Fang Yuan lost half his body, the strength path dao marks on him would be taken in by his immortal aperture. When his body recovered, the strength path dao marks would go back to his body.


 When a Gu Immortal dies, all of the dao marks on them would go to the immortal aperture, for example, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 If Song Zi Xing successfully used blood demon body separation, even if he regrew his limb later, the new arm would be blank, all of the blood path dao marks on it would have been used up.


 Undeniably, the loss of dao marks was an incredible cost to Gu Immortals.


 Because dao marks were hard to obtain, they could often only be accumulated after going through heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities. Each heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity would require the Gu Immortal to risk their lives, once their immortal aperture was damaged, all of the resources that they own would be destroyed.


 Thus, the cost of obtaining dao marks was very high for Gu Immortals.


 This also showed the value of eat strength Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan could be certain that Song Zi Xing did not have an Immortal Gu like Eat Strength. The blood path dao marks that he lost would have to be regained from calamities and tribulations.


 The dao marks on a Gu Immortal could amplify the power of Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves. This amplification was quite terrifying, rank eights could have an amplification with a multiplier of hundreds or even thousands, that was also why rank seven Gu Immortals could rarely beat rank eight Gu Immortals.


 The > had said that Song Zi Xing escaped and survived. Eventually, he was only left with a head and half a chest, the rest of his body was discarded to use blood demon body separation.


 After this battle, the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent lost face, not only did they not reach their goal, they were toyed with by Song Zi Xing and suffered casualties.


 Song Zi Xing also suffered huge losses, he lost an ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat, and most of the blood path dao marks on his body were destroyed. After this battle, he did not publicly appear for two hundred years. For a period of time, there was no information on him, people suspected that he was dead.


 But when he reappeared in the world, not only did his battle strength recover fully, he even nurtured three violent blood dragon bats!


 Fang Yuan had a clear understanding of the ambush of Song Zi Xing.


 He looked at the severed arm with a heated gaze.


 This severed arm came from Song Zi Xing, it was a part of his body. If Fang Yuan obtained it, he could use his Gu refinement techniques to create Song Zi Xing’s head.


 And Song Zi Xing’s head was the only requirement to be acknowledged as Star Form blessed land’s owner!


 Land spirits were straightforward existences, as long as Fang Yuan could hand over Song Zi Xing’s head to it, he would become the owner of Star Form blessed land. Star Form land spirit would not care if Song Zi Xing was alive.


 It was just an obsession formed by fusing with the blessed land’s heavenly power.


 Fang Yuan could become its owner in this way. Even if one day, Song Zi Xing were to appear alive and well in front of the land spirit, the land spirit would not betray Fang Yuan.


 Because Fang Yuan had already met the requirements that the land spirit had.


 But at this time, it was troublesome for Fang Yuan to collect this arm. Breaking the bell was not hard, but once the golden bell phantom was broken, the arm would explode and turn into a mist of blood.


 Fang Yuan needed to use other methods to deal with the severed arm, otherwise his plan would fail.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had quite a deep impression of this arm.


 His current location was at the periphery of True Yang mountain range, near Yuan Yang City.


 Song Zi Xing’s severed arm was contained by an immortal killer move, the Gu Immortal who used the move was busy chasing Song Zi Xing and left this severed arm behind. As time passed, this golden bell would disappear after one night, and the severed arm would explode into blood mist.


 By then, the blood mist would cover up to a few hundred li of area, causing huge issues to the surrounding living beings and creating disasters.


 Hundreds of years later, Yuan Yang City would send out missions to recruit geniuses and explore the blood mist, killing the blood beasts that grew inside, preventing the blood beasts from forming into a beast tide and attacking Yuan Yang City.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan lived in Yuan Yang City for a period in time after reaching Central Continent, in order to survive, he accepted the missions to kill blood beasts.


 From this perspective, Fang Yuan was doing a good deed by taking Song Zi Xing’s severed arm in advance.


 Fang Yuan observed it for a while before carefully using some mortal killer moves to probe it.


 The golden bell phantom did not move, it was indeed an immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan surrounded the golden bell phantom and continued to circle around it, observing it from all angles, he tried to find an appropriate method.


 The golden bell was not still, it was rotating slowly, the severed arm was floating inside, blood colored light could be seen flickering inside.


 Fang Yuan went around it over a dozen times, before having a plan.


 He was about to strike when his ears twitched, he heard some noises.


 “Explosion... did you guys hear it?”


 “... Yes... saw a mystical light...”


 “Treasure... maybe it is...”


 Random voices could be heard at intervals, they were getting closer to him.


 Fang Yuan immediately realized that surrounding Gu Masters were drawn over by the commotion.


 This location was at the periphery of True Yang mountain range, desolate beasts did not normally come here, and because this was near Yuan Yang City, many Gu Masters were active here.


 The immortal killer move from the Gu Immortal earlier caused golden light to fly into the sky, it earned a lot of attention and the Gu Masters came here to investigate it.


 “A bunch of insects.” Fang Yuan sneered, a cruel light flashed in his eyes.


 At his will, strength path phantoms flew out of his immortal aperture.


 Soon, there were thousands of strength path phantoms surrounding Fang Yuan.


 Each time Fang Yuan went out, he would store a large number of strength path phantom in his immortal aperture. That was because using myriad self to create the strength path phantom army required some time.


 “Kill.” Fang Yuan instructed, as thousands of strength path phantoms attacked, rushing down and blending into the dark night.


 “What are those things?”


 “Ahhh!”


 “Gather into a formation, quickly gather into a formation!”


 “Run...”


 Cries, screams, and furious shouts were heard, a battle of life and death ensued, in just a few breaths’ time, the Gu Masters were routed.


 Fang Yuan’s phantom army attacked mercilessly, countless Gu Masters died, the bloody smell spread to Fang Yuan’s location very quickly.


 Fang Yuan’s arms were behind his back, he looked at the golden bell phantom, his expression calm under his mask.


 Even though he had a method already, he did not strike yet.


 Haste makes waste.


 Even though the strength path phantoms were powerful, they could not use investigative methods, they also could not boost their speed. Some Gu Masters might not give up, and try to conceal themselves and sneak in.


 But these people would all die without an intact corpse.


 Because Fang Yuan was here, he used dozens of investigative killer moves without pause, putting layers and layers of arrangements here.


 No movements could evade his search.


 Unlimited primeval essence had an advantage, that was the casual use of mortal killer moves, one could use mortal killer moves almost endlessly.


 And because of the accumulations of Fang Yuan’s previous life, he knew better mortal killer moves that surpassed this era.


 Fang Yuan waited for a while, as expected, three or four Gu Masters sneaked in.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path phantoms and according to his manipulation, charged over to kill these Gu Masters who were courting death.


 “Impossible, how did they find me?”


 “Spare, please spare me!”


 “Ahhhhhh!”


 The Gu Masters had nowhere to hide, they were all killed.


 After a while, the surroundings became quiet, the smell of blood became thicker as birds could no longer be heard near the trees, the place was completely silent and dead.


 Fang Yuan started to make his move.


 Myriad Self First Style — Giant Hand!


 A strength path giant hand appeared out of nowhere, grabbing the golden bell.


 The golden bell phantom restrained was what held inside, it had little defense on the outside.


 After adding in Pulling Mountain and Pulling Water, Fang Yuan’s strength path giant hand had grown rapidly in strength. It only needed to grasp hard and the bell would break.


 But the thing was, how could he prevent the severed arm from exploding into a mist of blood after the bell was broken!


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan was not only a strength path grandmaster, but also a blood path grandmaster. Like Song Zi Xing, he knew many blood path methods!


 He had planned for this over a long time, he made ample preparations.


 Immediately, he started his arrangements and focused. Over a hundred blood path killer moves were used in sequence, coordinating with each other. An even greater number of Gu formations were used on the outside, there were layers upon layers of them.


 After the arrangements were done, he observed again to make sure there were no flaws in his set up.


 He found that there were two errors and changed them, he then did a third, fourth, and fifth check.


 This was an important matter, Fang Yuan had a lot of patience.


 In the end, when he struck, everything was under his control.


 The golden bell phantom broke, and the arm was going to detonate, but it was restrained and had layers of seals placed on it.


 Song Zi Xing was already extremely weak when he used this arm to activate blood demon body separation, he used less than ten beads of immortal essence on it.


 That was also the reason why Fang Yuan could obtain this severed arm.



***
Chapter 851 - Land Spirits Master, Second Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After obtaining the severed arm, Fang Yuan carefully kept it in his immortal aperture.


 Soon after, he cleaned up the area and removed all his traces.


 Returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, he did not rest, he started working on the severed arm, spending four days and three nights to turn it into Song Zi Xing’s head.


 Next, he used Fixed Immortal Travel and went to Earth Abyss.


 “Star Form land spirit, I brought Song Zi Xing’s head!” In the eerie and dark underground world, he shouted.


 A speck of starlight first appeared, before light burst out like water from a fountain.


 A breath of time later, a huge squarish door made of starlight appeared. The half transparent door was floating in the air, at the top, there were four words written on the plaque — Star Form blessed land!


 Fang Yuan squinted as he looked at it.


 Ordinary blessed lands and grotto-heavens had entrances. Because the entrance represented interaction, and with interaction, they could take in heaven and earth qi to strengthen the small world.


 Thus, Infallible blessed land was very unique, because it did not have entrances, it was a very strange exception.


 As Fang Yuan waited, a small slit opened in the starlight door.


 “It’s you? You really brought Song Zi Xing’s head?” A voice came from behind the slit, Star Form land spirit did not appear, he was quite wary.


 Fang Yuan chuckled as he tossed the head over.


 Actions speak louder than words!


 The slit opened a bit more, a suction force moved the head over to it.


 “It really is Song Zi Xing’s head!” A joyful and surprised voice came from behind the door.


 Boom!


 The door opened completely, starlight opened up a path for Fang Yuan, as Star Form land spirit stood at the door, saying to Fang Yuan with cheerful submission: “Star Form land spirit greets master.”


 “Mm.” Fang Yuan nodded, his expression was calm, he took huge steps and walked onto the starlight path, entering into Star Form blessed land.


 The moment he stepped in, starlight overwhelmed Fang Yuan’s vision.


 But in the blink of an eye, the starlight faded, and Star Form blessed land’s unique terrain appeared before him.


 The whole of Star Form blessed land resembled a giant bowl.


 Like a bowl, the edges were interconnected mountain ranges, they formed a tight circle that resembled city walls.


 And within the bowl, they were slanted slopes that converged towards the center.


 Darkness enshrouded this world, Fang Yuan raised his head and looked at the sky, there was nearly complete darkness, only a few starlight specks were shining weakly in the sky.


 Like how Hu Immortal blessed land only had days without nights, Star Form blessed land only had nights without days. Normally, blessed lands would not have changes between day and night. Only after becoming a grotto-heaven or becoming close to a grotto-heaven would they start having such transformations between night and day.


 This was not the first time Fang Yuan was here.


 In fact, he was the one who placed down this blessed land.


 Last time, the stars were shining in the sky, it was very bright and dazzling, the ground was very bright due to all of the starlight. But now, it was quite dim, it showed that Star Form land spirit was not having an easy time managing the place.


 This was to be expected.


 Without a Gu Immortal, the blessed land could not produce immortal essence, the land spirit and the blessed land were interlinked, it had to protect itself and manage the blessed land.


 But how could land spirits have the strength and wisdom of Gu Immortals?


 Thus, most land spirits would find a master to help themselves. Survival was the most basic instinct in all living beings, the only difference was the difficulty in getting the land spirit to acknowledge a new master.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze swept across the area, before it landed on Star Form land spirit.


 “Bring me around to inspect the blessed land.” Fang Yuan ordered.


 Star Form land spirit looked like a little boy, he was floating in the air. He was wearing pinkish blue clothes wrapped around his chest and stomach, his small arms and legs were tender white like lotus roots, looking delicate like jade, he appeared very cute.


 After acknowledging Fang Yuan, Star Form land spirit looked towards Fang Yuan with a clear gaze filled with admiration and warmth.


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, Star Form land spirit nodded: “Master, follow me.”


 This attitude was completely the opposite of previously.


 A lump of starlight gathered on Fang Yuan, as his body flew up rapidly.


 This speed was extremely fast, even Song Zi Xing’s blood rainbow flash could not match it.


 Fang Yuan felt his vision blurring, all he saw was starlight around him, he could only catch occasional fuzzy images from the quickly moving scenery.


 The starlight stopped moving, and the scene in his vision had already changed.


 “Master, you are at the southeast side of the blessed land now. This is the arrow bamboo forest. The biggest plantation area in the entire blessed land.” Star Form land spirit introduced.


 Fang Yuan looked over, only to see that this arrow bamboo forest was huge, it extended beyond Fang Yuan’s field of vision.


 The arrow bamboos were straight, they resembled green spear bamboo from Qing Mao Mountain, but they were not jade in color, instead, the bamboo shoots were black and did not have any leaves growing on them, only branches. At each segment of the arrow bamboo, there would be around three branches growing on it. These branches were sharp and long, resembling arrows.


 Below the arrow bamboo forest were large numbers of star cave rocks, countless dark fragrance mushrooms and a field of white shadow grass.


 Fang Yuan nodded his head internally, the arrangement of this habitat could not be done any better.


 “If I am not wrong, this should be the production area of star dart Gu?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Master is correct.” Star Form land spirit answered immediately.


 Star dart Gu was a rank one mortal Gu, it was transformed from ordinary insects. This was different from the production of starlight firefly Gu.


 Starlight firefly Gu were a part of the starlight firefly group, produced after they transformed and mutated.


 Star dart Gu could be produced from any type of insect which entered deep sleep inside a star cave rock that was filled with holes on the surface. After a total of forty-nine days, a portion of the slumbering insects would undergo a change and become star dart Gu.


 The food of star dart Gu was the bamboo juice of the arrow bamboo forest.


 The arrow bamboo forest was hot and humid, the bamboos themselves would produce bamboo juice that dripped out.


 “In the past, the bamboo juices produced would form into a thick blue fog, it was a top quality place to raise star dart Gu. Unfortunately, I have not obtained any good watering liquids, thus it became like this.” Star Form land spirit said with a longing tone.


 “It seems I have to buy moon well water in batches.” Fang Yuan muttered, he was very knowledgeable, he knew what water the arrow bamboo forest needed.


 “Master is knowledgeable.” Star Form land spirit added, his expression becoming excited.


 Even though Star Lord Wan Xiang left behind quite a bit of immortal essence, there were few immortal essence stones. And because Star Form land spirit was worrying over his finances, he could not buy goods from treasure yellow heaven casually.


 Compared to watering the arrow bamboo forest, there were other areas which needed the financial support more urgently.


 Afterwards, under the guidance of the land spirit, Fang Yuan went to the north area of the blessed land, inspecting the meteorite pits, this was the place to raise stellar fire Gu and produce falling meteor Gu.


 Next, he went to the center of the blessed land, this was a lake with ripples and reflecting light, it was huge and was called broken star lake. This was also the place to rear Gu worms, it produced star river Gu.


 Next, he went to several grassy fields, they were all full of star fragment grass, a vast number of them. They were planted on black soil, the blades of grass were plump and shiny, they were much higher in quality compared to the ones that were planted in Hu Immortal blessed land!


 “Arrow bamboo forest, meteorite pit, broken star lake, star fragment grass field.” Fang Yuan floated in the air, looking at the lake, he showed a satisfied expression.


 The four areas mentioned were Star Lord Wan Xiang’s four main sources of revenue.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang was quite decent in his development, he mainly sold star dart Gu, stellar fire Gu, falling meteor Gu, star river Gu, and starlight firefly Gu.


 While Fang Yuan was still searching desperately for four sources of revenue, he already had them. At the moment, Fang Yuan only had guts Gu and regretful spider trades. The other two, eerie fire dragon pythons and dragonfish, were still not sold in the market yet.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang had rank six cultivation level with one heavenly tribulation passed. He was also a lone cultivator, but he was higher in cultivation level than Hu Immortal.


 According to his status and foundation, it would normally be impossible for him to develop his blessed land to this extent.


 But he had his fortuitous encounter.


 That was Starry Sky grotto-heaven. The owner of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, Seven Star Child, became an immortal zombie in order to prolong his life, while exploring Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, he fell into deep slumber.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang had by chance discovered that Starry Sky grotto-heaven connected to a spatial crack in the outside world of Central Continent. Every year, at a certain time, this crack would open.


 Thus, Star Lord Wan Xiang would go in every year to scavenge for resources to strengthen himself. Even though he had limited time on each occasion, he entered many times.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang thus had decent development, his immortal aperture was smoothly growing in value with each passing day, he surpassed most lone cultivator Gu Immortals. Even Shi Lei praised his blessed land inwardly when he saw it, this Star Lord Wan Xiang’s foundation was already on par with typical rank six Gu Immortals in the ten great ancient sects.


 But it was a pity that Star Lord Wan Xiang was heavily injured by Song Zi Xing, and because his tribulation was impending, he had to take a risk. He invited Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei to explore Starry Sky grotto-heaven. In the end, at the eighth star hall, he fell into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, his soul was destroyed and only his body was left.


 Fang Yuan took the body and placed the blessed land in Earth Abyss.


 This led to the development of future events, like Star Form land spirit’s requirement for becoming the new owner.


 “With these four sources of revenue, my financial power will double! I will be swimming in profits, I will really be drowning in immortal essence stones!” Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang had operated his blessed land for a long time, he had already slotted himself into the market and had his own share of the economy in treasure yellow heaven. Fang Yuan inherited his blessed land, he had also gotten over the difficult initial stage of entering the market, he took over Star Lord Wan Xiang’s businesses directly, it saved him lots of trouble!


 Ordinary resources like star dart Gu and stellar fire Gu were usually sold in bulk quantities, they were very competitive in the market. It was not easy to carve out a share for oneself in the market, they would be collaborated against, facing price wars, or some Gu Immortals might even threaten to kill them.


 As the saying goes, ruining a person’s wealth is akin to killing their parents.


 The Gu Immortal world was very cruel, if you want to do business, you need to show your strength. Without strength, no matter how flourishing your business was, you would get killed and plundered!


 Thus, Fang Yuan was always very careful with the dragonfish and eerie fire dragon pythons that he had. He wanted to make use of Xiao clan’s transaction token to enter Western Desert’s market. That could avoid much trouble, and allow him to earn more profits.


 Of course, for monopoly businesses like guts Gu, you could sell them as you wish. Others could not even compete in this, they could only watch in envy.


 After inspecting the blessed land, Fang Yuan was very pleased, but there was still something that he was highly anticipating.


 “Land spirit, bring me to see those Immortal Gu in the blessed land!” At the next moment, he instructed the land spirit.



***
Chapter 852 - Three Immortal Gu, All Are Useful


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The whole of Star Form blessed land was like a giant bowl, and its center was also the location which was at the bottom of the terrain.


 There was a lake here that spanned as far as the eye could see, its name was broken star lake. And the place where Star Lord Wan Xiang normally cultivated was also set at the bottom of broken star lake.


 Reaching the bottom of the lake, Fang Yuan discovered a crystal palace, it was not large, and only had one main hall along with two normal halls.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s Immortal Gu were kept in the main hall.


 Under the guidance of Star Form land spirit, Fang Yuan smoothly entered the main hall.


 The moment he entered the main hall, he saw an Immortal Gu flying around.


 This Immortal Gu resembled a centipede, it was thin and long, like an arm, and black like iron. It was flying around in a zigzag fashion inside the main hall, the short horizontal segments on its body lit up like blue fireflies every now and then.


 “This is a rank six Immortal Gu, Star Mark, it can temporarily add six hundred star path dao marks onto master’s body.” Star Form land spirit aptly introduced.


 “Six hundred dao marks?” Fang Yuan was startled.


 Even the strength path dao marks on his body numbered no more than two hundred. This was the case after he had been using eat strength Immortal Gu recently to add over forty.


 However, this star mark Immortal Gu could actually cause an increase of six hundred star dao marks at once, it could be said to be an outstanding ability.


 “Two hundred dao marks can increase power by twenty percent. Six hundred would mean a sixty percent increase. Unfortunately, they are star path dao marks, and I am not a star path Gu Immortal.”


 There was no doubt this star mark Immortal Gu was a high quality support type Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan was a strength path Gu Immortal and his body carried strength path dao marks, but once he activated star mark Immortal Gu, his body would be temporarily covered in a layer of star path dao marks, letting him disguise himself as a star path Gu Immortal!


 Besides Star Mark, there were two other Immortal Gu in the main hall.


 One was like a prismatic crystal, the size of a fist. It was quietly lying on a desk, without any movement.


 Another was like a tender white bean sprout, filled with an air of vitality.


 Through Star Form land spirit’s introductions, Fang Yuan knew the crystal-like Immortal Gu was starlight Immortal Gu, while the bean sprout-like Immortal Gu was known as Star Shoot.


 Fang Yuan could not help feeling joyous.


 Fortune had arrived!


 These two Immortal Gu had much more use to Fang Yuan than star mark Immortal Gu.


 Because starlight mortal Gu was a necessary Gu material for the production of the wisdom path star thought Gu.


 Now that he had starlight Immortal Gu, he could completely imitate the use of strength qi Immortal Gu in refining airsac Gu, to refine star thought Gu much faster and on a much larger scale.


 The starlight Immortal Gu removed the troublesome step of purchasing starlight mortal Gu.


 At the same time, with Immortal Gu as the foundation, there would be a much lower failure probability in refining mortal star thought Gu. The risk involved would also be greatly mitigated, reducing the deaths of hairy men by a large degree.


 There were two issues created by this, however.


 The first problem was, to use starlight Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would have to modify the recipe of star thought Gu.


 The second issue was that using starlight Immortal Gu would consume immortal essence.


 With wisdom Gu and the complete star thought Gu recipe, Fang Yuan would have no problems in modifying the Gu recipe, it was just a matter of time.


 As for the second issue, it would have indeed been a problem for Fang Yuan in the past. But now, Fang Yuan was Star Form blessed land’s owner, he had six sources of revenue and it would even increase to eight in the future, his immortal essence stone earnings would quadruple! Such an amount of immortal essence stones made Fang Yuan have the confidence to spend immortal essence constantly in activating starlight Immortal Gu.


 Starlight Immortal Gu increased the accumulation of star thought Gu by a large extent, which was of enormous assistance. And star shoot Immortal Gu was also very useful.


 Fang Yuan had once purchased a mortal killer move from Star Lord Wan Xiang, called spring star rain.


 This move irrigated the land, providing nutrition to vegetation and increasing their productivity. Ever since he got this move, Fang Yuan had been using it again and again.


 The grassland in the sky of Hu Immortal blessed land was able to maintain its current scale, it largely could be attributed to this mortal killer move.


 Frequent activation of Spring Star Rain consumed large numbers of star shoot mortal Gu.


 Star shoot Gu were only sold by Star Lord Wan Xiang.


 Fang Yuan had once thought of freeing himself from Star Lord Wan Xiang’s control by researching the refinement recipe of star shoot Gu. But even with wisdom Gu’s help, as Fang Yuan’s star path attainment was only ordinary, he could not get what he wished.


 At this point, Fang Yuan had star shoot Immortal Gu, and from now on, he would be able to use spring star rain to his heart’s desire. He could also raise spring star rain to the level of an immortal killer move and use star shoot Immortal Gu as the core to further increase the yield of star fragment grass.


 But Fang Yuan learned from Star Form land spirit: Star Lord Wan Xiang did possess the immortal killer move spring star rain.


 In fact, the mortal killer move, spring star rain, which Star Lord Wan Xiang sold was a simplified version of his original spring star rain. The star shoot Gu that Star Lord Wan Xiang sold were also refined by using star shoot Immortal Gu.


 This was the reason why Fang Yuan found it difficult to reverse-deduce the Gu recipe from star shoot Gu.


 The reason was that Star Lord Wan Xiang’s Gu refinement method was done from top to bottom.


 Star Mark, Starlight and Star Shoot; these three Immortal Gu were all the Immortal Gu left in the blessed land.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang had a total of four Immortal Gu. Unfortunately, the fourth Immortal Gu was destroyed in his battle with Song Zi Xing.


 Fang Yuan was thus able to obtain only three.


 And he was already very satisfied with this.


 Generally speaking, in the entirety of the five regions, there were few rank six Gu Immortals in possession of Immortal Gu. Most of them were still using mortal Gu and mortal killer moves.


 Only the elites among rank six would be in possession of rank six Immortal Gu. For instance, rank six Gu Immortals of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, and another example would be lone cultivators like Star Lord Wan Xiang who had fortuitous encounters.


 Northern Plains’ situation, however, was special. Because of the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the rate of Gu Immortals possessing Immortal Gu far surpassed the other four regions.


 In fact, Central Continent was actually in last place among the five regions in regards to the ownership rate of Immortal Gu. It couldn’t be helped, they had the most Gu Immortals after all.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was even more special.


 Not counting these three Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan already had fourteen Immortal Gu. No one would believe it if such a number was told to them. Not to mention, among these was rank nine wisdom Gu!


 Generally, even if one killed an enemy Gu Immortal, it was hard for them to get Immortal Gu as spoils of battle.


 When Fang Yuan attacked Dong Fang Chang Fan, he had a huge advantage and had captured even Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul alive. But Dong Fang Chang Fan had made all the Immortal Gu self-detonate with a thought, and Fang Yuan could not even grasp even one of them.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang was an exception.


 Because he strayed into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, he died unexpectedly without making any reactions. Thus his Immortal Gu were left behind and benefited Fang Yuan in the end.


 These three Immortal Gu still had Star Lord Wan Xiang’s will, but with Star Form land spirit’s assistance, it would not be a big problem to subdue them.


 “Master, this is the immortal inheritance held in the blessed land, please have a look.” The land spirit handed an inheritance to Fang Yuan.


 It turned out that this was Star Lord Wan Xiang’s first fortuitous encounter.


 A Gu Immortal inheritance regarding star path.


 It was this inheritance that guided the lone cultivator, Star Lord Wan Xiang, on his path of cultivation to become a rank six Gu Immortal.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s second fortuitous encounter was discovering the entrance of Starry Sky grotto-heaven from where he plundered many resources.


 His luck was actually quite good.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s main cultivation was star path and Starry Sky grotto-heaven was also a star path grotto-heaven, thus, they were both very compatible in terms of resources.


 Unlike Fang Yuan, who was a strength path Gu Immortal, while Hu Immortal blessed land was of enslavement path and the guts Gu produced by Dang Hun mountain were of soul path, these multiple aspects were not too compatible with each other.


 Unfortunately, Star Lord Wan Xiang still died in the end, and everything he had was now Fang Yuan’s.


 Fang Yuan stayed for a whole day in Star Form blessed land. He inspected a small tribe of rockmen in the blessed land as well as the three desolate beast level spinefin star dragonfish.


 While he was alive, Star Lord Wan Xiang had used every possible effort to bring in this small group of rockmen. He did not have guts Gu and Star Form blessed land was also not a suitable environment for the survival of rockmen, as a result, many rockmen had died. It was not easy for him to maintain this small group.


 The three spinefin star dragonfishes were captured from Starry Sky grotto-heaven, there was no shortage of desolate beasts inside there.


 The reason he spent such large amounts of effort and capital was because star mark Immortal Gu’s food was the fresh meat of spinefin star dragonfish.


 And starlight Immortal Gu fed upon the bodies of rockmen.


 As for star shoot Immortal Gu, its food was large quantities of dark star kelps. This type of kelp grew in great amounts in broken star lake.


 This was the orthodox situation of Gu Immortals.


 Whatever path they cultivated, their Immortal Gu would be of that path and their immortal aperture would mostly have dao marks of that path. In this way, they could bear the burden of feeding Immortal Gu by raising the required food themselves.


 Unlike Fang Yuan, whose strength path immortal aperture was dead, Hu Immortal blessed land was an enslavement path immortal aperture, and the Immortal Gu on him were of strength path, wisdom path, soul path, luck path and other various paths. He had to get help from the outside world to feed these Immortal Gu. Every time, he had to rack his brains and the situation was unstable. In fact, cleanse soul Immortal Gu had yet to be fed properly to this day. Whether it was Hu Immortal blessed land or his strength path immortal aperture, they both had sparse soul path dao marks and thus even if he wanted to, it was not possible for Fang Yuan to raise white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 By becoming the owner of Star Form blessed land, Fang Yuan’s strength had doubled!


 Three star path Immortal Gu, four economic pillars, a complete star path inheritance, Fang Yuan would need a lot of time to absorb them fully.


 He also made Star Form land spirit keep up the request of recognizing the blessed land’s owner in treasure yellow heaven, to fabricate an image of Star Form blessed land still not having an owner.


 And he also did not plan on telling the truth to Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng for a while.


 The longer he could conceal it, the longer he would conceal it.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was already exposed, Star Form blessed land was also in a partially exposed state, but only Hei Lou Lan knew this location. If, in the future, he became a fugitive, this base would be extremely important.


 Regarding Dang Hun Mountain and the resources inside Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan did not plan to move them away for the moment.


 The resources had been arranged just recently and large amounts of capital were invested, if he moved them to Star Form blessed land, with how astute Hei Lou Lan was, wouldn’t she realize it?


 The following day, Fang Yuan went to participate in the Refinement Path Convention.


 With the huge influence from the large-scale competition, Central Continent was facing a surge of popularity in Gu refinement among all the people.


 The news of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent collaborating to ambush Song Zi Xing and failing had yet to be spread, knowledge of this was limited to Gu Immortal level higher ups.


 The ten great ancient sects had lost much face, there was still no news about Song Zi Xing, making it appear to be a joke to other sects or lone cultivator Gu Immortals. Many Gu Immortals moved one after another, searching for any traces left behind by Song Zi Xing in True Yang mountain range.


 But how could they find anything?


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects searched for over a hundred years to maintain their reputation, but were still not able to find him. Song Zi Xing’s hiding ability was simply divine, even Fang Yuan could not match him in this.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had no thoughts of chasing after Song Zi Xing from the very beginning.


 Finally, the agreed upon date arrived, the day of the duel between Fang Yuan and Feng Jin Huang.


 Although it was not a competition, it attracted quite a large audience.


 “Feng Jin Huang, you want to duel, but first let me see the wager, if the wager is too low, this duel will not begin.” Fang Yuan spoke in full view of everyone.


 Whether they duelled or not, what Fang Yuan wanted was only to be in the top six places for the Infallible inheritance.


 Moreover, losing in the duel would not eliminate either side or influence their rankings.


 Feng Jin Huang had already made preparations, secretly transmitting her voice: “My wager will definitely interest you deeply. Fang Yuan, you are an immortal zombie and certainly know the pain of immortal zombies. What I have with me is a method which can let you revive!”



***
Chapter 853 - Dueling Feng Jin Huang (1\/4)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “A revival method?” Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed, a clear change appeared in his expression.


 Spirit Affinity House was truly worthy of being one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, its foundation was deep beyond imagination.


 Fang Yuan had painstakingly searched for a way to get rid of his immortal zombie status and revive, and Spirit Affinity House actually had a way.


 At this moment, when Feng Jin Huang placed this method as the wager, it directly touched upon Fang Yuan’s core interests, making him unable to refuse!


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed, restraining his agitated mood as he looked at Feng Jin Huang, “Tell me, this method would not be Immortal Crane Sect’s possession technique, right?”


 “Of course not.” Feng Jin Huang smiled indifferently.


 “I am indeed interested in your wager. But this wager is still far from matching my Hu Immortal blessed land.”


 “The value of all things vary. Fang Yuan, if you were given the choice of either Hu Immortal blessed land or revival, which would you choose?”


 ‘Of course it would be reviving!’ Fang Yuan chose with no hesitation inwardly, while also speaking with no hesitation: “Of course it would be Hu Immortal blessed land. This is my biggest foundation, even though I have become an immortal zombie, I can maintain a good living by relying on it.”


 Feng Jin Huang’s lips twitched as she shook her head, softening her tone: “Fang Yuan, you are not likely to be such a short-sighted person. But, I know you won’t put Hu Immortal blessed land as your wager, and I also cannot forcibly demand you to do so. Let’s talk about something more practical. If I lose, I will tell you the method of revival. You can rest assured that this method already has a successful precedent. But if you lose, we can undergo transactions.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jin Huang’s slight smile and confident appearance, he narrowed his eyes and asked: “Hmm? What transactions?”


 Feng Jin Huang replied: “If you lose, you need to make a deal with Spirit Affinity House to supply guts Gu for the long term. The price can be discussed as long as it doesn’t overstep the limit. But you must deliver them in time and in adequate quantity! If you lack souls, Spirit Affinity House will sell them to you, and the price will even be thirty percent lower than the market price. These transactions must take precedence, even over those of Immortal Crane Sect. No matter how many guts Gu you have, you must first supply them to Spirit Affinity House before selling to other places.”


 Hearing this, Fang Yuan could not help but look at Feng Jin Huang in a different light again, having a completely new opinion in regards to this young girl in front of him.


 He had not expected her to mature to this degree in just this period of time.


 As expected of a genius.


 No, rather than that, it should be said that she has capable people behind her and was educated well.


 Feng Jin Huang’s demand, as far as Fang Yuan was concerned, was truly lenient and could even be said to be too generous.


 But guts Gu, to Feng Jin Huang, was an urgent need.


 The reason?


 Feng Jin Huang could explore dream realms with dream wings Immortal Gu. Even with the help of the Immortal Gu, her soul would still feel weakened and could be injured. Guts Gu was among the highest quality soul strengthening method in the whole world, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had praised it.


 Feng Jin Huang had originally challenged Fang Yuan out of juvenile temperament, it was an action taken in a fit of anger.


 But right now, the discussion about wagers with Fang Yuan was based on the present situation, it was practical and also concerned benefits. This was a mature action.


 If Feng Jin Huang had asked Fang Yuan to put Hu Immortal blessed land or Dang Hun mountain as the wager, Fang Yuan definitely would not agree.


 And although Fang Yuan was using Immortal Crane Sect’s name, the relation between him and Immortal Crane Sect was well-known by all the ten great ancient sects.


 Fang Yuan absolutely had no qualms in regards to Immortal Crane Sect’s reputation and would definitely agree to Feng Jin Huang’s duel with this.


 Thus, Feng Jin Huang made this request.


 To Fang Yuan, selling guts Gu to Spirit Affinity House naturally had its benefits.


 The first benefit was he could increase the sales volume, earning much more immortal essence stones. Who would not like having more immortal essence stones?


 The second benefit was that Fang Yuan would have a connection to Spirit Affinity House. If one day, he fell out with Immortal Crane Sect, he would have an alternative path.


 In fact, Fang Yuan’s original intention in accepting Feng Jin Huang’s challenge had been to cooperate with Spirit Affinity House.


 As Feng Jin Huang explored the dream realm multiple times, she realized the value of guts Gu and wanted to obtain some of the benefits from Immortal Crane Sect. And Fang Yuan was also willing to do this, if he truly reached a deal with Spirit Affinity House, it would also be extremely helpful to him in managing his relationship with Immortal Crane Sect.


 ‘Regardless of victory or loss, this duel is beneficial to me. Anyway, the result of the duel has nothing to do with the competition. Eh? Something is wrong, her request is also to lower my will to fight.”


 Fang Yuan suddenly had a realization and understood another layer of intention behind this move from Feng Jin Huang.


 “Let’s start then, the final winner of this contest will be me!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly as he laughed heartily.


 Feng Jin Huang’s gaze flashed: “That is not for certain.”


 The wagers were set, both sides began to discuss of the contents of this duel.


 Feng Jin Huang suggested refining river wave trace Gu as the task. River wave trace Gu was a rank five water path Gu worm, and formed a series with rank three water trace Gu, rank four wave trace Gu and rank six worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan immediately refused.


 Spirit Affinity House specialized in cultivating and using water path Gu worms, this could be seen from the Immortal Gu House, Water Pavilion.


 If the task was set to refine river wave trace Gu, Feng Jin Huang’s advantage would be too big.


 Fang Yuan suggested refining blood steps Gu.


 This was a rank three blood path movement type Gu worm.


 Feng Jin Huang also refused outright. What a joke, who did not know Fang Yuan was proficient in blood path refinement techniques, and Feng Jin Huang did not have confidence in refining blood path Gu.


 The two discussed for a while before finally settling on a rank five fire path Gu worm, five orifices fire pagoda Gu, and it would be done in a martial duel.


 The duel would not be private, but be a completely open contest like the Refinement Path Convention.


 Soon, similar materials appeared in front of the two sides. To maintain fairness, both sides were provided with the same Gu recipe.


 The winner would be the side that could successfully refine five orifices fire pagoda Gu first.


 Unlike the previous contests, because it was in the martial duel format, whenever they reached a specific stage, both refiners would have a chance to attack each other once.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan and Feng Jin Huang sat opposite each other, each occupying an end of the stage with a gap of around two hundred and sixty steps between them.


 The duel began, Fang Yuan immediately inspected the refinement materials.


 He needed to have a complete understanding of every material. If some materials were defective, it would greatly influence the Gu refinement.


 Fang Yuan checked very carefully, sometimes the task organizers would intentionally supply some defective materials and even tamper with them so the defects are hidden, causing the Gu Master to not be able to easily detect them.


 If they were truly deceived, it would cause quite a problem when refining the Gu.


 This arrangement had practical significance.


 Usually, when refining Gu, Gu Masters would not always be able to gather perfect refinement materials. Sometimes, there would be some damage because the materials might have been stored for too long, or perhaps damaged when being transported or seized in battles. Or there might be substandard refinement materials sold in the market, which would have to be distinguished by the Gu Master themselves.


 Thus, inspecting Gu refinement materials was a part of refinement path attainment.


 In this duel of refining five orifices fire pagoda Gu, the convention supplied as many as a thousand types of materials. There was not a single Gu worm, they were all grass, flowers, stones, bones and so on.


 Fang Yuan inspected all the materials, using an entire hour.


 Afterwards, he inspected the Gu recipe provided by the convention.


 There were altogether five Gu recipes, rank one – single aperture charcoal Gu, rank two – double orifice stove Gu, rank three – three orifices fire hut Gu, rank four – four orifices fire tower Gu, as well as rank five – five orifices fire pagoda Gu.


 These five Gu worms were a series, sharing the same origin.


 The first step in refining five orifices fire pagoda Gu was to refine large numbers of rank one single orifice charcoal Gu. Then, using the single orifice charcoal Gu as the main materials to refine double orifice stove Gu. From rank one to rank two, rank two to rank three, rank three to rank four, and then from rank four to rank five, finally refining five orifices fire pagoda Gu.


 It was because there were many steps and the process was cumbersome, both sides were provided with a thousand types of Gu refinement materials.


 With Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods, he could modify the Gu recipe and cut down on some steps of the Gu refinement process. He could even directly refine five orifices fire pagoda Gu with the materials provided.


 However, after some thought, Fang Yuan gave up on the idea and decided to move step by step.


 There were many reasons. First, he was unable to rely on wisdom Gu here. Second, modifying Gu recipes took a lot of time, and there would only be more losses than gains. Moreover, this was a martial duel, both sides could attack five times in total to disturb the Gu refinement. If a Gu recipe to refine it directly was used, once the process was disturbed, the previous efforts would be wasted. It was more stable to move step by step.


 While Fang Yuan was inspecting the Gu refinement materials, Feng Jin Huang was checking the Gu recipes. While Fang Yuan was inspecting the Gu recipes, Feng Jin Huang meticulously checked the refinement materials.


 The order was different, but when they started the Gu refinement, it was almost at the same time.


 “They have finally begun.”


 “They used up over an hour to inspect the materials and the Gu recipes, they are really patient.”


 “This contest concerns the face of Immortal Crane Sect and Spirit Affinity House, it is a battle of reputation of two of the ancient sects!”


 The spectators started talking.


 Some were in favor of Feng Jin Huang while some thought highly of Fang Yuan.


 There were also two factions that had formed in the audience, the numerically greater disciples of Spirit Affinity House were in a mutual showdown of glaring with Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples. The elders leading Immortal Crane Sect’s group had ugly expressions. Fang Yuan had placed guts Gu as the wager without reporting to the higher ups of Immortal Crane Sect, and they were not feeling good about this.


 At first, Fang Yuan and Feng Jin Huang’s refinement techniques were the same.


 During this process, Fang Yuan used his skilled refinement techniques to gradually surpass Feng Jin Huang, progressing faster and slowly obtaining a slight lead.


 After all, Fang Yuan had the practical experience of his previous life, while even though Feng Jin Huang used Immortal Gu to explore the dream realm and improve her refinement path attainment quickly, she still lacked tempering in putting them to practice.


 To catch up to Fang Yuan, Feng Jin Huang used a refinement path killer move.


 Double action!


 Her hands trembled, and the lump of fire she was maintaining, suddenly split into two, forming two fire lumps.


 Refinement path killer move — small wishful hand!


 Two small and compact hands flew out of Feng Jin Huang’s mind, completely formed from will, emitting a jade luster.


 Feng Jin Huang’s two hands constantly regulated and controlled the intensity and the temperature of the two fire lumps, while the two small wishful hands grabbed materials and threw them into the fire.


 “Wonderful!”


 “Using two killer moves consecutively.”


 “Feng Jin Huang is well prepared, now her speed is much faster than that of Fang Yuan.”


 Clamorous discussions were being exchanged between the spectators.



***
Chapter 854 - Dueling Feng Jin Huang (2\/4)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Using two immortal killer moves consecutively...”


 Under the mask, Fang Yuan’s gaze was sharp as a knife.


 But he immediately turned his gaze towards the fire in his hands.


 “Phew, that was close!” Outside the stage, a female disciple of Spirit Affinity House breathed out a sigh of relief.


 “Senior sister Qin Juan, what was close? I clearly saw first senior sister Jin Huang use two refinement path killer moves in a row, catching up immediately.” Another female disciple of Spirit Affinity House was sitting beside Qin Juan, she had a chubby face, her name was Sun Yao and she asked this curiously.


 “Junior sister Sun Yao, you need to understand that this duel is different from what we’ve seen before, this is a martial duel! In martial duels, the refiners can attack to disturb the other side’s refinement.” Qin Juan explained patiently.


 “Ah, they can do that? It is already so hard for me to refine Gu normally, but if I were to be disturbed on top of that. Heavens...” Sun Yao pursed her lips, revealing an expression showing that she did not even dare to imagine such a thing: “This martial duel format is clearly meant to make one suffer, whoever thought of this is really strict.”


 “No.” Qin Juan, however, had an expression of approval, “Being able to resist disturbances is one of the most important aspects of refinement path. In our cultivation journeys, perhaps one day we would suffer a sneak attack when we are refining Gu. In fact, many times when we leave the sect to complete the sect missions outside, because of all sorts of damage that may occur to Gu worms, we often have to refine new Gu in the wild.”


 “Using the same logic, when we are facing a strong enemy and discover the enemy refining Gu, we would also choose to sneak attack and take the enemy by surprise, turning the situation in battle in our favor. This is the practical significance of the martial duel format. Junior sister Sun Yao, you also know Gu Masters have to use all their concentration during the refinement process, because slight carelessness can result in failure and backlash. But, when you refine Gu outside, you also need to pay some attention to your surroundings.”


 “First senior sister Jin Huang used two refinement path killer moves in a row just earlier, that was a risky move. Because the moment she activated the killer move, the entirety of her attention was naturally focused on the Gu worms forming the killer move. If it were an ordinary Gu Master, they might have already lost control over the flames and failed in Gu refinement if they had to divert their attention in activating the killer move. If at this moment, Fang Yuan, that demon, had attacked first senior sister Jin Huang, it might have caused significant trouble to her.”


 Hearing Qin Juan’s explanation, Sun Yao came to a realization: “So it was like that, then that truly was dangerous. Fortunately, that demon Fang Yuan did not attack.”


 Because Fang Yuan had, time and time again, used blood path refinement techniques at crucial moments, disciples of Spirit Affinity House who disliked him privately called him a demon.


 However, there were, in fact, many demons in the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent.


 For instance, the third supreme elder of Immortal Crane Sect, Lord Tiger Demon, was a demonic path Gu Immortal in his early years before he was recruited by Immortal Crane Sect.


 The sect that exhibited this the most was actually Spirit Affinity House itself.


 The late Sword Immortal Bo Qing was a person of the demonic path with an extremely murderous nature, but was reformed through love with Spirit Affinity House’s Fairy Mo Yao, in the end, Bo Qing was recruited into Spirit Affinity House.


 At present, the story of Fairy Bai Qing and Feng Jiu Ge was widely spread, and Feng Jiu Ge was formerly of the demonic path as well.


 Central Continent was so large and was famous for producing outstanding champions. Once in a while, there would be some astonishing demonic cultivators and lone cultivators that would shake the world.


 To maintain control of the overall situation and to protect their interests, the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent would recruit these people, it was the best method to effectively retain their authority.


 ‘He did not attack? That’s a pity...’ Feng Jin Huang inwardly sighed, out of the two lumps of fire burning in front of her, one suddenly extinguished.


 “What’s going on?” People in the audience involuntarily exclaimed.


 “Don’t tell me that demon, Fang Yuan, had already attacked and disturbed first senior sister, causing half the Gu refinement to fail? This demon is too cunning, what attack did he use, we did not even see it.” Sun Yao anxiously cried out, her tone filled with loathing towards Fang Yuan.


 “No, that’s not right. The elder hosting this duel did not say anything, this means that demon, Fang Yuan, did not attack. So it was like that!” Qin Juan’s eyes brightened as she suddenly came to a realization, “Originally, first senior sister had put up a facade of using two killer moves, it was a trap meant to entice Fang Yuan to attack her. If Fang Yuan attacked, his mind would be focused on his attack at that instant, which would expose a weak point. First senior sister would then have a higher chance of successfully counter attacking.”


 “My goodness, was that actually the case?” Sun Yao’s small, chubby mouth opened wide in shock at the battle of wits behind this contest.


 Qin Juan had a serious expression: “I was also deceived just now. The truth of the matter is first senior sister set up a trap, but that demon Fang Yuan saw through it and was not fooled... junior sister Sun Yao, watch closely, this contest is going to be extremely splendid. The contest between these two is absolutely the best of this generation.”


 “Okay!” Sun Yao nodded, her eyes staring at the stage without blinking.


 The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had always fiercely competed, not only did their Gu Immortals compete, the disciples also had a similar type of competition.


 There was no doubt that Feng Jin Huang was the best of this generation within the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent.


 However, in the contest for Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared and kicked Feng Jin Huang down the mountain. As for the events behind the scenes, they were not explained to disciples like Sun Yao and Qin Juan, and even Immortal Crane Sect’s own disciples and most of their elders thought Fang Yuan was a genius disciple, secretly nurtured by the sect.


 In the previous round, Feng Jin Huang was defeated, and this duel, in which Feng Jin Huang wanted to reclaim her prestige, involved a contest between the best disciples of the ten great ancient sects. It was a hidden clash between Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect.


 Thus, almost all of the audience was asking a question — who was the best Gu Master among the younger generation?


 What they did not know was: Fang Yuan had already become a Gu Immortal, although he was only an immortal zombie, he was already someone they could no longer decipher. Meanwhile, Feng Jin Huang possessed dream wings Immortal Gu, and had already activated it, gaining enormous benefits.


 Bystanders could only see such surface details, but both competitors did not see much importance in the reputation aspect. Feng Jin Huang had already matured a lot and realized what benefits meant, while Fang Yuan was way beyond her maturity.


 The competition continued.


 Fang Yuan had seen through Feng Jin Huang’s trap, but between Feng Jin Huang’s two killer moves, small wishful hand was real. It was unlike ‘double action’, that had only been a facade.


 With the help of the two small hands made of will, Feng Jin Huang’s refinement speed was slightly above that of Fang Yuan. And as time passed, the gap between the two gradually increased.


 However, this gap was not obvious.


 Fang Yuan maintained his rhythm, and using solely Gu refinement techniques without any killer moves, he maintained the fire and was now almost finished processing the materials.


 He used Gu refinement techniques and not refinement path killer moves. Techniques were the summation of purely skills and experience. They were the foundation of Gu refinement.


 “Very skilled! Even though he is the enemy, I cannot help but admit this demon, Fang Yuan, has a very solid foundation in Gu refinement. Even some elders from our sect do not have as solid of a foundation as him.” Qin Juan suddenly sighed, after having watched fixedly for a long while.


 “He has a grasp of so many Gu refinement techniques, he has used at least thirty types by now. But I feel our first senior sister is still the more amazing one. She fell back a little at the start, but quickly caught up later. Now, no matter how that demon Fang Yuan pursues, he won’t be able to catch up. This small wishful hand killer move is truly convenient!” Sun Yao said, admiringly.


 “No.” Qin Juan shook her head: “First senior sister’s lead might not necessarily be a good thing. Maintaining a killer move requires primeval essence and also is taxing upon the mind. On the contrary, that demon Fang Yuan has only been using basic Gu refinement techniques, which do not have as much of a burden on the mind. As this continues over time, his mind will be less taxed than first senior sister’s, which will be of great help in the later stages of Gu refinement.”


 “Ah, it is like this! Then, isn’t first senior sister in danger? Senior sister Qin Juan, you are saying first senior sister gained a lead from using a refinement path killer move, but is instead in a disadvantage? Although your words sound reasonable, how could it be like that?” Sun Yao felt a headache.


 “Hehe, junior sister Sun Yao, this is the brilliance of the Refinement Path Convention. You have just begun your cultivation journey and have yet to come in contact with many things, you will slowly understand them in future.” Qin Juan smiled, but she was feeling heavy internally.


 ‘This demon, Fang Yuan, is too skilled. He is keeping pace with first senior sister just by repeatedly using Gu refinement techniques. Even though first senior sister used a refinement path killer move, she is not able to create a large lead! It can’t go on like this...’


 Feng Jin Huang was feeling some mental exhaustion.


 It had not been long since the competition began, and both sides were still at the stage of refining rank one single orifice charcoal Gu.


 According to logic, Feng Jin Huang’s should still have plentiful mental energy, and not be in a state of exhaustion.


 However, estimates was one thing, the actual competition could be completely different.


 Feng Jin Huang could disregard the gazes from outside the stage, her talents were outstanding and with Gu Immortals as parents, she had been the center of attention since she was young, she was already used to it.


 The pressure on Feng Jin Huang mainly came from Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan displayed an incomparably solid foundation, and was relying on just Gu refinement techniques to maintain pace with Feng Jin Huang, while even though she had used a refinement path killer move, she was not able to surpass him greatly in progress.


 Fang Yuan’s extraordinary performance and formidable achievements made the world overrate his attainment level, Feng Jin Huang had already been feeling pressure before the duel.


 After the duel started, Fang Yuan was in pursuit with a stable speed, which further increased the pressure on Feng Jin Huang.


 This pressure was greatly wearing down on Feng Jin Huang’s mind. She was slowly starting to feel exhausted and uneasy internally.


 “It seems my refinement path quasi-grandmaster attainment cannot match Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment. What should I do?” Feng Jin Huang began to think and plan quickly, while refining the Gu.


 “I have used a refinement path killer move, my mind is also being worn down rapidly. The duel has only just begun, and as time goes on, Fang Yuan’s advantage will become even more clear. But if I stop using the killer move and compete with just Gu refinement techniques, I still cannot match Fang Yuan. My greatest advantage is the large numbers of refinement path killer moves that I carefully prepared!”



***
Chapter 855 - Dueling Feng Jin Huang (3\/4)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The duel stipulated they could only use the materials provided by the convention. Although they could launch attacks and use refinement path killer moves, any methods affecting the soul or mind, like refreshing the mind or strengthening the soul, were completely prohibited.


 Feng Jin Huang was the one who set this rule, it was to prevent Fang Yuan from using guts Gu to strengthen his soul during the duel.


 The soul and mind were closely connected. Feng Jin Huang made this move to limit Fang Yuan’s advantage in this aspect, but she had not expected she would be the first to suffer a drawback from this rule.


 Whoosh!


 Suddenly, Feng Jin Huang flicked her pinky finger, shooting out a speck of golden light.


 The golden light was extremely fast, reaching Fang Yuan in the blink of an eye, targeting the refinement flames in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 If the golden light hit the fire, even with Fang Yuan’s ability, the refinement would fail, he would have to bear the backlash and start over.


 However.


 How could a person as cautious as Fang Yuan not pay attention to the defense of such an important area?


 Ding!


 A crisp sound echoed, the golden light was three inches from the fire when it clashed into a formless barrier and was blocked.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was calm, the fire in his hands was not affected in the slightest.


 Feng Jin Huang’s attack was blocked by Fang Yuan without batting an eyelid.


 Only after this attack had been defended did the Gu Masters outside the stage react.


 “Spirit Affinity House’s Feng Jin Huang was the first to initiate an attack!”


 “But the attack was blocked by Immortal Crane Sect’s Fang Yuan.”


 “What was that attack just now, it was so fast!!”


 “Feng Jin Huang made an error in her choice, how could Fang Yuan not defend such an important area? It might have been better to attack Fang Yuan directly instead and injure him.”


 “Hmm? Look, Feng Jin Huang is using a refinement path killer move again!!”


 There was a clamor outside the stage, but in the stage, the scene was quiet, isolated from all the sounds outside.


 ‘Attacking the enemy’s vital points, then using this moment of relative safety to use another refinement path killer move?’ Fang Yuan glanced at Feng Jin Huang, coldly smiling inwardly, ‘It seems you are using all your strength. Worthy of being Feng Jin Huang, even in your youth, you are deeply aware of your own strengths and weaknesses. I have to say this is a sensible choice.’


 Fang Yuan praised her in his mind, but he continued to be unmoved, still refining Gu in the same way as before.


 Feng Jin Huang used up a precious chance to make a move to attack Fang Yuan’s refinement flames, and also took this opportunity to use a second refinement path killer move.


 With the help of two killer moves, her refinement speed increased sharply, and gradually Fang Yuan was thrown behind.


 Without the pressure from Fang Yuan, Feng Jin Huang immediately felt slightly relaxed, a layer of tension inside her loosened, and her refinement speed further increased a little.


 In this duel, Fang Yuan and Feng Jin Huang each had five chances to attack.


 Because it was only a duel, not a life and death battle, the power they could use every time they attacked was limited to a certain level.


 The first time, they were only allowed to use rank one Gu. The second time, they could use rank two Gu. And so on, until the fifth time, where they could use rank five Gu.


 It was the same with defense, they could only use Gu worms of corresponding rank.


 This was another limitation to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie after all, with an immortal killer move. If she was attacked by giant hand, it would be difficult for Feng Jin Huang to resist it. Of course, Feng Jin Huang had Gu Immortal parents, so she would naturally have immortal essence in her body along with Immortal Gu and the will or emotion of Gu Immortals. There was not a high likelihood of Fang Yuan truly killing her.


 “This time, she is using two refinement path killer moves at once to gain a lead!” Outside the stage, Sun Yao excitedly shouted.


 “Yes, it is a pity she used one of the five chances to attack. But this is also a classic tactic, we still have to see the result of the refinement to determine the outcome.” Qin Juan pondered as she gazed at the stage.


 Time continued to pass. Fang Yuan fell further and further behind Feng Jin Huang, but the strange part was that he was not the least bit hurried, seemingly having no intention to overtake Feng Jin Huang.


 Fang Yuan was still using Gu refinement techniques, refining single orifice charcoal Gu step by step.


 While Feng Jin Huang had already begun refining the rank two double orifice stove Gu.


 Soon, praises and sighs could be heard outside the stage.


 Feng Jin Huang had used a third refinement path killer move, increasing her speed once again.


 A hour later, Feng Jin Huang attacked Fang Yuan and took the chance when Fang Yuan defended, she used a fourth refinement path killer move.


 Four killer moves were used together, there were six lumps of fire floating in front of Feng Jin Huang, each lump was accompanied by a small wishful hand that constantly grabbed materials and threw them into the fire.


 With the help of the small wishful hands, the exact amount of the Gu refinement materials thrown into the flames was extremely precise.


 From the help of four killer moves, Feng Jin Huang’s refinement speed had long since surpassed that of Fang Yuan, and soon she started on three orifices fire hut Gu.


 While Fang Yuan had just now begun refining double orifice stove Gu.


 Looking at Feng Jin Huang advancing triumphantly, throwing Fang Yuan far behind, many were having doubts: What was Fang Yuan playing at?


 Sun Yao grinned: “First senior sister’s victory is guaranteed!”


 Qin Juan was also a refinement path genius whom Spirit Affinity House paid great attention to, it was just that she had yet to mature. She was also in support of Sun Yao’s words: “If the situation continues like this, first senior sister has a high chance of victory.”


 “With my ability, my maximum limit is maintaining five refinement path killer moves. But this is the martial duel format, I must leave some energy behind to deal with Fang Yuan’s attacks. Of the five chances to attack, I have already used two, while Fang Yuan has only been defending. Could it be my conditions were too alluring that he is forfeiting?”


 Feng Jin Huang could not understand Fang Yuan’s behavior and felt some doubts for a moment.


 Fifteen minutes passed, Feng Jin Huang had made good progress in refining three orifices fire hut Gu, she was past the halfway mark.


 Right now, Feng Jin Huang’s dominance was extremely obvious, leading Fang Yuan by a huge distance!


 ‘Mm... it is time to attack.’ Fang Yuan’s gaze was clear, and as he sensed that the time was ripe, he sent out a Gu worm from his immortal aperture.


 “I am attacking.” He suddenly spoke softly.


 “Uh.” Feng Jin Huang’s attention was immediately attracted, her bright and beautiful eyes gazed at Fang Yuan, while continuing with her Gu refinement.


 ‘Finally attacking? But what is the reason for warning me beforehand?’ Feng Jin Huang was extremely cautious.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “Feng Jin Huang, be careful. This Gu is the rank one ghost fire Gu.”


 Feng Jin Huang narrowed her eyes, a vigilant look flashed past her eyes as she began to think rapidly: ‘It is certain to be rank one Gu, this is Fang Yuan’s first attack, so he can only use rank one methods. But it might not necessarily be ghost fire Gu, maybe he showed that Gu to mislead me? After all, a Gu worm’s external appearance can be disguised. I need to be extremely careful!’


 While she was thinking, Fang Yuan activated the Gu worm in his hand.


 The moment this Gu activated, it transformed into a small lump of eerie ghost fire, which then slowly moved towards Feng Jin Huang.


 ‘It is really ghost fire Gu?’ Feng Jin Huang was slightly stunned.


 Right at this time, the ghost fire Gu suddenly sped up and shot towards Feng Jin Huang!


 ‘Come! Just a mere rank one ghost fire Gu...’ Feng Jin Huang’s eyes shined sharply with confidence. She had already prepared sufficiently and could easily block a rank one ghost fire Gu.


 When the ghost fire Gu charged over, she even had the time to think of the possibility of Fang Yuan making continuous attacks!


 However, the ghost fire suddenly came to a halt, stopping near Feng Jin Huang.


 Afterwards, the ghost fire slowly circled Feng Jin Huang, swaying around either side of her.


 ‘What?’ Feng Jin Huang was startled internally: ‘Fang Yuan, what is the meaning of this?!’


 The next moment, her expression sank as realization dawned upon her.


 In this duel, the Gu Master could only defend in the range of a meter. The ghost fire Gu did not encroach the range of a meter around Feng Jin Huang, making her unable to defend. The ghost fire floating around could only be considered as part of the process of Fang Yuan’s attack.


 ‘He is using rank one ghost fire to pressure me, to divert my attention!’ Feng Jin Huang was astute and was soon able to understand the intent behind this move.


 “So sinister!” Many people, outside the stage, exclaimed as they realized his plan.


 Sun Yao was filled with righteous indignation: “That demon Fang Yuan is using a loophole in the rules. With a ghost fire floating in front of you, who can concentrate on refining Gu? Does nobody care about this? He is too shameless.”


 Qin Juan shook her head, saying solemnly: “The rules of the duel were set by both sides. This pending offensive is also a classic battle tactic in the martial duel format, it can’t be considered shameless.”


 ‘Damn it!’ Cold sweat began to seep out of Feng Jin Huang’s forehead, ‘Ghost fires can injure the soul. I have used up a lot of my mental energy, if I am really affected by it, I will definitely slip up. But if I just blindly defend, my mind will be tied down in observing the movement of the ghost fire, and my Gu refinement speed will decrease.’


 There was still a way, Feng Jin Huang could initiate an attack and destroy this ghost fire.


 But this was not worthwhile.


 Because this would be her third attack, which meant a rank three method. Using a rank three method to cancel Fang Yuan’s rank one ghost fire Gu, no matter what, it would be her loss!


 ‘Maybe this is his intention, he wants to lure me into using up a precious chance of attacking!’ Feng Jin Huang gritted her teeth as she looked at Fang Yuan.


 Controlling a ghost fire also expended one’s mental energy. But Fang Yuan had only been using Gu refinement techniques and not refinement path killer moves, it could be said his mental energy was at full capacity, it was more than sufficient to control a ghost fire.


 “Oh? Not destroying my ghost fire? Hehehe, you are really patient.” Fang Yuan suddenly laughed, “Then, how about another ghost fire?”


 Under everyone’s gazes, Fang Yuan took out a second ghost fire Gu.


 “Feng Jin Huang, look closely, this is rank two ghost fire Gu.” Fang Yuan calmly spoke, unlike Feng Jin Huang’s sneak attacks, he openly announced his methods.


 The style of Fang Yuan’s attacks was the completely opposite of Feng Jin Huang.


 Feng Jin Huang’s two attacks were quick, accurate and relentless, attacking the enemy’s vital points and forcing Fang Yuan into defense, while she took the chance to use refinement path killer moves.


 However, Fang Yuan’s methods could be described with one word — slow.


 The second ghost fire floated slowly towards Feng Jin Huang, stopping a meter in front of her.


 This ghost fire was created from rank two ghost fire Gu, it was double the size of the first ghost fire.


 The two ghost fires circled around Feng Jin Huang, the pressure on Feng Jin Huang swiftly doubled!



***
Chapter 856 - Dueling Feng Jin Huang (4\/4)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Gu Zhen Ren


 The two ghost fires moved about here and there, they went far and near, with no set pattern, Feng Jin Huang had to be vigilant of these two flames, while also paying attention to refining Gu.


 Feng Jin Huang was soon unable to bear it.


 Bang.


 A soft explosion resounded as one of the Gu refinement fires she controlled was extinguished, the Gu worm inside the flame had already been refined to an incomplete form, but it was a pity, everything was lost!


 “First, first senior sister slipped up. So unfortunate, that Gu worm only had the final three steps remaining!” Sun Yao stamped her foot in anger.


 Qin Juan also had a heavy expression: “This is the first mistake since the duel began, although first senior sister has a deep foundation, surely enough, dividing her attention to handle so many things was too forceful.”


 “What should she do now?” Sun Yao gazed over, seemingly asking for advice.


 Qin Juan mumbled: “If it were me, I would dispel a refinement path killer move right now. Because the lead is great, as long as I can maintain this lead and make no more mistakes, the one in a hurry would be the other side. But dispelling a killer move is similar to activating it, because in order to produce a change in the situation, one needs to focus their attention, which can generate a moment of weakness.”


 At this moment, on the stage, Feng Jin Huang also had a similar thought: ‘Should I dispel a refinement path killer move? Is this Fang Yuan’s intention?’


 ‘No, I still have a way. I can use my third chance to send out a sonic wave, and destroy these two ghost fires at once!’ Geniuses like Feng Jin Huang had pride carved in their very bones, and would not be willing to admit defeat.


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes brightened at this thought, but when she cast her gaze towards Fang Yuan, her heart instantly chilled.


 Fang Yuan was wearing a malevolent mask, his piercingly cold eyes protruded from behind the holes of the mask, behind it, there seemed to be a smiling expression with a hint of ridicule.


 ‘No!’ Feng Jin Huang’s mind trembled at this gaze, ‘This is Fang Yuan’s trap. He is already waiting for it! The moment I use my third attack, Fang Yuan will grasp this chance to immediately attack. At that time, my mind would be taxed to the limit and it will be very difficult for me to deal with the attack, I might not even be able to defend and be struck by his attack!’


 ‘Damn...’ Feng Jin Huang gritted her teeth, a drop of cold sweat slid down from her forehead to her eyebrow and down her cheek.


 ‘It can’t go on like this, I need to find a way, what should I do? Think carefully, think quickly!’


 Bang.


 While she was in the process of thinking, another lump of fire she was controlling exploded.


 This explosion was much more severe than the first one.


 Other lumps of fire were also affected, Feng Jin Huang quickly dispelled her disorganized thoughts and did her best to stabilize the other fire lumps.


 “Ahh! First senior sister made a mistake again, how could this be? Not good, first senior sister is injured!!” Sun Yao cried out with her head in her hands.


 “The demon Fang Yuan brought her too much pressure, first senior sister should have been trying to think of an urgent countermeasure, and this decreased her attention towards the Gu refinement, causing a slip up. A failure in Gu refinement means there will be backlash, fortunately her injuries are not severe.” Qin Juan’s tone revealed her nervousness, she let out a breath of cloudy air and continued: “But, this is also a good thing.”


 Sun Yao did not understand, and grumbled in anger: “Senior sister Qin Juan, what are you saying? First senior sister failed in Gu refinement, and also suffered injuries, why is this a good thing?”


 “She has lost two lumps of fire, but her mind is instead partially freed up. She now has the spare energy to cope with the present situation.” Qin Juan analyzed.


 Sun Yao patted her chest as she suddenly realized this: “Right!”


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed again.


 Feng Jin Huang’s heart immediately sank when she heard Fang Yuan’s laughter.


 She raised her head and sure enough, Fang Yuan took out a third Gu worm. Fang Yuan spoke just like earlier: “Look closely, this is a rank three ghost fire Gu.”


 The next moment, three ghost fires were flying around Feng Jin Huang.


 “Damn it, damn it!” Sun Yao stamped her foot in anger, “This demon is too shameless, first senior sister has just been able to catch a breather, and now he sends another ghost fire. He is still thinking of forcing first senior sister to make a mistake!”


 “That’s right.” Qin Juan had a grave expression, “Like this, the pressure on first senior sister has increased sharply. She probably has to use all her remaining attention on defending.”


 Sun Yao clenched her teeth, subconsciously waving her fist: “This demon is not concentrating on refining his Gu, instead he is spending his mental energy on the ghost fires, this is a classic case of neglecting the proper task! He is truly terrible, I really want to give him a few punches!!”


 “Damn it, how can this be...” Feng Jin Huang fell into a great predicament, she was clearly in the lead, but when Fang Yuan made a move, she was forced into a passive state.


 Feng Jin Huang knew the situation was far from good, the tempo of the duel had already fallen into Fang Yuan’s grasp. She wanted to counterattack, but she did not have enough ability.


 The three ghost fires floated around her, sometimes they would even breach the one meter distance before retreating immediately, they were clearly being manipulated to tease Feng Jin Huang.


 Feng Jin Huang was only a young girl after all, she was filled with fury towards Fang Yuan’s teasing, but was not able to vent them.


 She would have to take a risk if she wanted to get rid of the three hateful ghost fires!


 But reason told Feng Jin Huang that she might not necessarily need to take the risk.


 Because even after she slipped up twice, she still had a large lead over Fang Yuan.


 As long as she maintained this dominance, victory would be hers.


 However, when Feng Jin Huang began refining four orifices fire tower Gu, a short while later, Fang Yuan also began refining four orifices fire tower Gu.


 This discovery immediately startled Feng Jin Huang: “When was it that he actually closed in the gap between us? Impossible, he has clearly not used even one refinement path killer move yet!”


 But the fact was that Fang Yuan had relied on just Gu refinement techniques, using purely basic skills to close the gap bit by bit, and unknowingly, he had caught up to Feng Jin Huang!


 The Gu Masters outside the stage also discovered this.


 “Unbelievable, this demon actually caught up!” Spirit Affinity House’s female disciples cried out in shock.


 “Actually relying on just Gu refinement techniques to overcome refinement path killer moves... Fang Yuan’s ability far surpasses Feng Jin Huang.” The people who overrated Fang Yuan, continued to overrate him.


 “How is this possible? Fang Yuan definitely cheated, everyone knows the power of refinement path killer moves, he did not use a single killer move but caught up? Impossible!” Sun Yao was dissatisfied: “What kind of eyes does the hosting elder have, why is he not stopping the duel and investigating this demon Fang Yuan?”


 Qin Juan, however, heaved a deep sigh: “Keep quiet, junior sister! Gu refinement techniques naturally cannot match refinement path killer moves, but in this duel, they can overcome killer moves.”


 “Ah, senior sister, what do you mean?”


 “Because the crucial factor for victory is not the means, but the two Gu Masters themselves. At the moment, the refinement has already reached the middle to later stages. Fang Yuan’s mind is still fresh, while first senior sister has been exerting her mind since the start, the moment she could relax, Fang Yuan used the threat of ghost fire Gu to overwhelm her. First senior sister is already tired, without ample energy in her mind, any powerful refinement path killer moves will only play a secondary role, thus her Gu refinement speed will naturally slow down.”


 Qin Juan sighed, before continuing: “This is all Fang Yuan’s plan. When first senior sister mentioned refining five orifices fire pagoda Gu as the task, he agreed directly. But the Gu recipes and the refinement materials were all put forward by him. The moment this battle of attrition began, he let himself fall behind, preserving his mental energy. At the middle stages, he finally attacked, and although he was behind, he was able to grasp the initiative. Because of her dominance, first senior sister did not want to take a risk, thus she kept delaying dealing with them. However, she did not know that this was Fang Yuan’s sinister plan. Now at the later stages, first senior sister is too tired, her speed is getting slower and will soon be overtaken by Fang Yuan.”


 “What?!” Sun Yao worriedly gazed towards the stage.


 Soon, her worry turned into reality.


 Fang Yuan slowly progressed to being level with Feng Jin Huang, and slowly overtook her.


 “Is... is first senior sister going to lose?” Sun Yao’s eyes reddened and tears streamed out, “First senior sister clearly put in so much effort to arrive at the end, she even got injured, but this despicable demon is going to win? I am not willing to accept this!”


 “I also feel discontent.” Qin Juan sighed, “But first senior sister still has a chance.”


 “There is still a chance?” Sun Yao turned her head and looked happily at her senior sister Qin Juan.


 Qin Juan nodded: “Right, don’t forget first senior sister still has three chances to attack. One rank three attack, one rank four attack and one rank five attack. Every attack will be stronger than the previous one, this is the way to make a comeback! This contest has yet to end, there is still hope.”


 “Right, we still have hope! First senior sister, you can do it!!” Sun Yao’s eyes brightened as she suddenly shouted loudly.


 Her voice attracted the gazes of the people nearby.


 The intense sense of honor to the sect and feeling of belonging made the hundreds of disciples of Spirit Affinity House shout together to boost Feng Jin Huang’s morale.


 Although their voices could not transmit to the stage, Feng Jin Huang was able to sense it.


 “These guys... I cannot lose, I will win! It is time to use my trump card. Refinement path killer move — Ink Transformation!”


 Feng Jin Huang shouted in her mind, and simultaneously made three attacks in a row towards Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jin Huang staked everything on this, using all her remaining chances to attack!


 “Paltry trick.” Fang Yuan blocked all these attacks, while sending out the three ghost fires to interfere with her as much as possible.


 The interference did not bring much result, Feng Jin Huang destroyed these three ghost fires. Her refinement path killer move was already close to completion.


 “Hmph, revealing light Gu, go.” Fang Yuan sneered inwardly as he flicked out a rank four Gu worm.


 At the same time, he also used a rank five attack which arrived in front of Feng Jin Huang first.


 Feng Jin Huang was already prepared, blocking the rank five attack, but revealing light Gu, which had neared her, suddenly self-detonated.


 The explosion was not intense, but the radiance was extremely dazzling.


 ‘How? How does he know the weakness of ink transformation?!’ Under Feng Jin Huang’s incredulous gaze, the killer move, ink transformation, was interrupted and forcefully stopped.


 The killer move did not successfully activate, the severe backlash from it immediately caused Feng Jin Huang’s organs to be damaged, causing large amounts of blood to flow out of her body!


 Her body trembled from the intense pain, and she was no longer able to maintain her control over the lumps of fire. The whole Gu refinement failed, and bursts of enormous backlash assaulted her.


 Feng Jin Huang spat out fresh blood as she opened her mouth widely, before falling down to the ground shortly, losing consciousness.


 Chaos erupted outside the stage.


 Spirit Affinity House’s disciples wanted to go up the stage, but were blocked by the Gu formation.


 “Don’t make disturbances, all violators will be punished!” The hosting elder shouted. After stabilizing the situation, he gazed towards Fang Yuan.


 For a moment, almost everyone outside the stage looked towards Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jin Huang was already unconscious, even if she woke up and tried to refine the Gu again, the materials were far from enough.


 Right now, Fang Yuan could not lose, as long as he slowly refined five orifices fire pagoda Gu, he would be the victor.


 However, right when Fang Yuan was about to succeed, the incomplete form of the Gu worm in his hand suddenly detonated.


 Fang Yuan was startled: “This?!”



***
Chapter 857 - Fang Zhengs Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Gu Zhen Ren


 Fang Yuan and Feng Jin Huang’s duel attracted the attentions of countless people, but the result was one that nobody anticipated.


 The process of the duel was very splendid, it was full of ups and downs.


 Eventually, even though Fang Yuan had absolute advantage, he met with the failure rate of a rank five Gu refinement, and his efforts went down the drain.


 He did not have enough Gu refinement materials for a second attempt, while Feng Jin Huang already had fainted and also did not have enough materials.


 Thus, this duel ended in a draw.


 Feng Jin Huang was sent for treatment immediately after the duel ended.


 After learning about the results, Feng Jin Huang looked at Fang Yuan with deep meaning.


 Since it was a draw, according to the duel rules, both parties had two options. One was to take back their wagers, the other was to trade the wagers that they had put in.


 As Fang Yuan had expected, Feng Jin Huang chose the second option.


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a moment before agreeing.


 Feng Jin Huang first passed one information path Gu worm over to Fang Yuan personally. The method of an immortal zombie reviving was recorded inside the Gu.


 After that, both parties created an agreement, in the capacity of a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect, the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan, agreed to undergo guts Gu transactions with Spirit Affinity House. In the future, Fang Yuan would give priority to Spirit Affinity House when selling guts Gu, even Immortal Crane Sect was behind them in the priority list.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, our sect’s Lord He Feng Yang would like to speak with you.” After the duel ended, an Immortal Crane Sect elder came to Fang Yuan, he spoke in a humble manner.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan said with surprise: “Lead the way.”


 On a mountain peak with no one else around, he met He Feng Yang again.


 He Feng Yang still had the appearance of a youth, he wore a white robe with a black belt, the winds were blowing his sleeves as they fluttered in the air, his green eyebrows extended to his waist as they swayed with the wind as well.


 “It was not easy to get a draw in this duel, was it?” He Feng Yang’s gaze was profound, he looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “It can’t be helped, I encountered the natural rate of failure, there was nothing I could do.”


 His words carried no flaws.


 He Feng Yang sized up Fang Yuan as he said in a serious tone: “It is a pity that you became a zombie despite such talent in refinement path. Actually, if you want to find a way to revive, you do not need to approach others. Immortal Crane Sect has an excellent method that can ensure that you will get rid of your zombie status.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and felt a bit strange, why did he feel like He Feng Yang was showing an intention of recruiting him?


 But thinking about it, even if Fang Yuan and Immortal Crane Sect had been on opposing sides, or he had a mysterious background, or some other reasons, ignoring all these, just Fang Yuan’s current display of his Gu refinement attainment was enough to move Immortal Crane Sect.


 Fang Yuan naturally knew the excellent method that He Feng Yang was talking about.


 What else could it be?


 It was obviously the possession technique.


 He Feng Yang would not be able to guess that Fang Yuan had already made preparations in this aspect.


 “If I would lose my freedom, I would rather remain as a zombie.” Fang Yuan said.


 He Feng Yang shook his head: “I invited you here not to discuss the matter of freedom. Let’s talk about important matters, you captured your brother, you have to hand him over, otherwise, the consequences are not something you can endure.”


 “Oh? Is this a threat?” Fang Yuan’s tone became deeper.


 Fang Zheng was a secondary option to regain life, even if he did not need him for this, Fang Zheng was still the best choice to create a blood deity. How could Fang Yuan hand him over?


 He Feng Yang nodded: “You can think of this as a threat, but I would rather explain it as a warning. I’ll speak the truth, eliminating Fang Zheng is Heavenly Court’s orders. You might not know the extent of Heavenly Court’s authority, but you just need to know one thing, there is no force in Central Continent that can defy Heavenly Court.”


 How could Fang Yuan not know the power of Heavenly Court?


 He had his previous life’s memories, he was even more aware of Heavenly Court’s strength and power than He Feng Yang.


 “Of course I know about Heavenly Court. But why would they have any interest in Fang Zheng? They are actually so serious about eliminating a mortal? Isn’t your excuse too unrealistic? He Feng Yang, how can you convince me?” Fang Yuan spread his arms out.


 He Feng Yang sighed: “I do not need to convince you. As long as you keep Fang Zheng’s life, in the end, Hu Immortal blessed land will be taken down and absorbed by Heavenly Court. That is not something Immortal Crane Sect wants to see. You can consider this freely, but there is little time. If you can accept it, three days from now, give Fang Zheng to me.”


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply, this unexpected news caught him off guard, he did not know about the matter involving fate Gu, it was hard for him to link Heavenly Court and Fang Zheng together.


 He placed his gaze on He Feng Yang’s face, he tried to find a flaw from his expression: “Do you take me for a fool? Handing Fang Zheng to you is like placing the key to Hu Immortal blessed land into your hands!”


 “Hehehe.” He Feng Yang raised his head and laughed: “Fang Yuan, despite being an immortal zombie, you are truly scheming! No need to test me, the truth is, you have already started believing me. I am actually more curious than you about this! But we should curb our own curiosity regarding matters relating to Heavenly Court. Three days later, I will execute Fang Zheng in front of you, but in exchange, you have to bring me Lord Sky Crane’s soul intact. You should know that he is one of my subordinates, and is a rather capable one.”


 Fang Yuan became silent.


 He Feng Yang did not stay, a light flashed and he vanished on the spot.


 Since He Feng Yang left, Fang Yuan had no reason to stay, he decided to use Fixed Immortal Travel to return to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 He had temporarily set aside the matter regarding Fang Zheng.


 Fang Yuan’s first priority now was to research the method that Feng Jin Huang gave him.


 “Fairy Lian Xiang?” What was unexpected to Fang Yuan was that this method to revive was connected to a fairy of Spirit Affinity House from a previous generation.


 Fairy Lian Xiang was a past generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, her status was similar to Mo Yao.


 According to Feng Jin Huang: When Fairy Lian Xiang was rank five, she was ambushed by an enemy and became a zombie. But she had one of the ten extreme physiques, the Desolate Ancient Moon physique. Through a fortunate opportunity, she succeeded in her immortal ascension. Her zombie body was purified by the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, it was as though she was reborn.


 The last bit of content was deduced by many of Spirit Affinity House’s Gu Immortals — to get rid of the zombie body, a way to revive was to undergo immortal ascension as one of the ten extreme physiques!


 “Immortal ascension of the ten extreme physiques?” Fang Yuan was a little disappointed.


 This method was not impossible to him.


 He had blood skull Gu, he could raise a Gu Master’s aptitude. First gen Gu Yue was an example which Fang Yuan could learn from.


 But blood skull Gu was only a mortal Gu, even if Fang Yuan had many descendants and killed them, it could not raise the aptitude of an immortal zombie like Fang Yuan.


 “However, if I can advance blood skull Gu to an Immortal Gu, it will work on me. I can use blood skull Immortal Gu to elevate my first aperture into the Desolate Ancient Moon aperture, if I undergo immortal ascension after that, I would likely revive. But to raise blood skull Gu into an Immortal Gu, I would need blood skull Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe, it would expend a lot of time and effort to attempt this. Even if I can raise my aptitude to the level of the ten extreme physiques, the tribulation would likely be extremely dangerous.”


 According to Feng Jin Huang’s information, when Fairy Lian Xiang underwent immortal ascension, it was a terrifying event. It was almost equivalent to the grand tribulation of a rank seven Gu Immortal!


 Most likely, the immortal ascension of a zombie was too heaven defying, it attracted the rage of heaven.


 Back then, if not for the help of several Gu Immortals from Spirit Affinity House, Fairy Lian Xiang would have been reduced to ashes by the grand tribulation.


 The immortal ascension of one of the ten extreme physiques was already very terrifying. Fang Yuan had witnessed Hei Lou Lan’s ascension, she even lost an Immortal Gu due to it.


 After a person of the ten extreme physiques becomes a zombie, and attempts to become an immortal, the tribulation would be even fiercer, its intensity would rise by over a dozen times!


 Fang Yuan concluded that this method not only required huge amounts of preparation, it would also expend a lot of time and energy, as well as carry great risks. Without help from others, with Fang Yuan’s strength, even if he included the assistance of Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Hei Lou Lan, and Fairy Li Shan, it would not succeed.


 Weighing the costs and benefits, Fang Yuan could only place this method aside.


 He entered the prison cell of Dang Hun palace, he saw Fang Zheng who was locked inside.


 “Fang Yuan, what are you trying to do?” Seeing his brother, Fang Zheng screamed, his gaze filled with hatred.


 Fang Yuan said: “Why, are you still denying it?”


 Fang Zheng shouted: “Even if Immortal Crane Sect and master are responsible, you are still the biggest culprit, you are the person who slaughtered uncle and aunt! I will never forgive you, I will never let you off! Kill me, or else we will always be enemies.”


 “Oh? My beloved brother, you are really stubborn. In that case...” Fang Yuan’s gaze shined, he stretched out his arm towards Fang Zheng.


 Soul search!


 Fang Zheng’s body shook, he could not move anymore, he wanted to shout, but he felt like his throat was stuck, he showed an anguished expression on his face.


 Fang Yuan searched Fang Zheng’s soul multiple times, but he did not find anything of value.


 “Fang Zheng is such an ordinary Gu Master, why is Heavenly Court sending orders to eliminate him specifically?” Fang Yuan fell into deep thought. Even though there was no evidence, he felt inclined to believe that He Feng Yang was speaking the truth.


 Fang Yuan did not know that Heavenly Court had fate Immortal Gu. Even though he had his previous life’s memories, he was restricted by his status, he could not know everything. Especially when the strongest organization in the five regions, Heavenly Court, was involved.


 “Did someone do something to Fang Zheng’s soul?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head immediately after.


 That was very unlikely, but he could not deny the slim possibility of it.


 “Should I hand over Fang Zheng or not?” This was the question.


 Fang Yuan was not afraid of He Feng Yang, but he was wary of Immortal Crane Sect, and was worried about Heavenly Court. If any of the rank eight Gu Immortals in Heavenly Court attacked, killing him would be as easy as killing an ant.


 Of course, that was if they battled.


 Fang Yuan was not so foolish to get into one, he could escape and run away beforehand. Fixed Immortal Travel was an excellent method to do so.


 Three days later, Fang Yuan handed over Fang Zheng and the spirit incubating flea, within it was Lord Sky Crane’s soul.


 Fang Zheng had evidently been tortured, he went through lots of terrifying punishment, not only was his skin torn and flesh exposed, he even had many deep wounds that revealed his bones.


 In fact, one of his arms was cut off and replaced with a dog’s limb. Even so, Fang Zheng could feel the dog limb and even manipulate it to move.


 Such cruel treatment could make someone collapse mentally!


 But He Feng Yang only took a glance without saying anything, he said to Fang Yuan: “You made a wise choice.”


 “Now, hold up your end of the agreement.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was shining.


 “Watch closely!” He Feng Yang struck, under Fang Yuan’s supervision, he killed Fang Zheng on the spot, fire burned until not a single trace of him was left.


 “Lord He Feng Yang, why? You promised me!” Lord Sky Crane’s voice came from the spirit incubating flea.


 “This is an order from Heavenly Court. Immortal Crane Sect needs Fang Zheng’s sacrifice! Sky Crane, this is your destiny. You wanted to possess Fang Zheng at first, but you relented and were willing to accompany him and teach him how to cultivate. Now, he is dead, not a trace of his soul is left. As compensation for going back on my words, I will find a good body for you to revive.” He Feng Yang said slowly.


 “Lord...” Lord Sky Crane’s crying voice could be heard.


 He Feng Yang waved his sleeves, he sucked the spirit incubating flea into his sleeve, as he took a look at Fang Yuan before leaving: “When you are free, you can come to Fei He mountain and have a look.”



***
Chapter 858 - Second Place


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Right now, I can confirm that He Feng Yang is expressing goodwill to me.” Fang Yuan had a realization.


 He Feng Yang invited Fang Yuan personally to take a look at Fei He mountain.


 What was Fei He mountain?


 It was the base of Immortal Crane Sect, even though it was somewhat symbolic, the meaning he was trying to express was clear.


 After returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan thought about He Feng Yang’s change in attitude and smiled silently.


 The duel with Feng Jin Huang allowed Fang Yuan and Spirit Affinity House to establish contact for trade. The transactions of guts Gu with Spirit Affinity House were higher in priority than Immortal Crane Sect.


 But because it took advantage of the setup of Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention everyone bore witness to it, Immortal Crane Sect could not make up any excuses or complaints to stop these important transactions.


 Hu Immortal blessed land and Spirit Affinity House had made contact, this made Immortal Crane Sect feel a strong sense of threat.


 In history, among the ten sects, Spirit Affinity House had the highest rate of recruiting demonic path Gu Immortals. Bo Qing and Feng Jiu Ge were examples that were etched into people’s hearts.


 Not long ago, they had failed to take back Hu Immortal blessed land, now that Fang Yuan was showing strong attainment in refinement path, Immortal Crane Sect finally decided to persuade Fang Yuan in a more gentle way.


 Thus, He Feng Yang’s attitude towards Fang Yuan changed drastically.


 The matter of Fang Zheng should be real. He Feng Yang’s action was a sign of goodwill to Fang Yuan. He even tried to entice Fang Yuan using the possession technique.


 To him, if Fang Yuan continued to keep Fang Zheng in captivity, Heavenly Court would take down Hu Immortal blessed land. Dang Hun mountain would definitely be taken by them in that case if Fang Yuan did not destroy it in advance. Hu Immortal blessed land could not be moved, and Heavenly Court was not interested in it anyway, one of the ten great ancient sects might get to inherit it.


 But it would depend on internal competition between the sects under Heavenly Court to determine which one obtained it.


 Evidently, the Gu Immortals from Immortal Crane Sect that were in Heavenly Court were weaker in power compared to the others, it was unlikely that they could take back Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Even if they took it back, without Dang Hun mountain, Hu Immortal blessed land’s value would be greatly diminished.


 No matter how they looked at it, this went against He Feng Yang and Immortal Crane Sect’s benefits.


 Thus, He Feng Yang informed Fang Yuan of this matter, it was a way to defend his own benefits.


 “Right now, I am a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect on paper, but I am actually placing myself between Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect. This has allowed my external pressure to reduce by more than half.”


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh to himself.


 In truth, Fang Yuan had been planning for such a situation.


 He ignored Feng Jin Huang’s challenge earlier, but he later sent a message and agreed to the duel, why was that?


 It was because he wanted to make use of Spirit Affinity House to resist the pressure from Immortal Crane Sect.


 Fang Yuan had achieved his intended outcome, but the crucial factor was not him. It was the allure of guts Gu itself!


 Fang Yuan seized Hu Immortal blessed land, it greatly incited Feng Jin Huang and caused her to find out dream wings Immortal Gu’s true ability in advance. Because Feng Jin Huang used Dream Wings, she obtained many benefits and placed greater importance on guts Gu. If not for that, why would Spirit Affinity House allow Fang Yuan to make use of them?


 They were not fools!


 Indeed, Fang Yuan purposely made the duel a draw. He wanted to show an agreeable attitude to Spirit Affinity House.


 To Fang Yuan, this duel changed his circumstances in Central Continent, it greatly reduced his pressure and gave him more time and energy to make bigger plans.


 Of course, once the secret that Fang Yuan was the culprit of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s collapse gets exposed, Central Continent would definitely be stirred up, Fang Yuan would be wanted by everyone, he would need to escape for his life.


 From Feng Jin Huang’s perspective, even though she was injured and did not win in the duel, she was the biggest winner.


 With guts Gu’s help from now on, she would be able to use dream wings Immortal Gu and improve drastically, her speed would surpass practically all Gu Immortals, she would grow rapidly.


 “In my previous life, I killed Feng Jin Huang, but now, it seems that I am aiding her.” Towards this, Fang Yuan felt deeply moved, but there was no point expressing this to others.


 “Fang Yuan, the matter has been settled, if there is nothing else, I will leave first.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng came to say his goodbyes.


 These last days, he had been moving around Northern Plains, finding a suitable location to place his blessed land.


 He had found a location already, and was about to place it down, but at the crucial moment, Fang Yuan asked him to return.


 “Thank you for your help just now, you chose a good location, go ahead and blend your heaven and earth qi. When the calamity comes, I will lend you a hand.” Fang Yuan said to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, he went to Northern Plains using a stargate.


 After obtaining Star Form blessed land, Fang Yuan received a huge stock of starlight firefly Gu, he no longer had to save up on the number of times stargates were used.


 Fang Yuan came to the prison cell and saw Gu Yue Fang Zheng again.


 Wasn’t Gu Yue Fang Zheng killed by He Feng Yang already? Why was he alive here?


 As it turns out, this was just a show by Fang Yuan.


 He purposely cut off an arm from Gu Yue Fang Zheng, fitting a dog limb onto it, he was trying to create a false appearance of abuse and humiliation.


 In truth, he kept the severed limb here, when He Feng Yang killed Fang Zheng, Fang Yuan asked Tai Bai Yun Sheng to use man as before Immortal Gu, expending a considerable amount of immortal essence on the severed arm, reviving Fang Zheng.


 He Feng Yang did not suspect anything, he had limited knowledge, he did not know that an Immortal Gu like Man as Before existed.


 From his perspective, Fang Zheng’s body and soul were destroyed in front of him, thus Fang Zheng was definitely dead.


 Any other Gu Immortal would think the same.


 This was common sense.


 But the world was huge, there were bound to be rare and strange Immortal Gu, or immortal killer moves, like Man as Before. Nobody could know them all, because humans had limited knowledge, even immortals were no exception.


 Omnipotence and omniscience, even rank nine Gu Immortals or Ren Zu could not achieve that. To reach that stage, maybe only one grand existence could achieve it, that was the world!


 Fang Yuan tossed an information path Gu worm to Fang Zheng, he showed a mocking expression as he said: “Take a good look, this is the Immortal Crane Sect that you are so grateful towards, and that kind hearted master of yours, if it were not for me, you would be dead already.”


 “Impossible! I won’t believe your lies!!” Fang Zheng screamed, but he still held this information path Gu worm in his hands.


 In this Gu worm, the video of He Feng Yang killing Fang Zheng as well as his conversation with Lord Sky Crane’s soul were recorded.


 After looking at it, Fang Zheng broke the information path Gu worm into pieces, he fell into immeasurable rage. He raised his head and screamed, his expression contorted as he pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: “Impossible! This is all fake, you made this up. I will not believe it, I will never believe it! You lied to me, you are lying!! Unless I see it for myself, hear it for myself, and get master’s reply!”


 “You will witness it all. But... now is not the time yet.” Fang Yuan turned around, leaving the room.


 He shut the cell as the room went into complete darkness, Fang Zheng was still screaming in the darkness, he ran around in the tiny room and punched and kicked the walls, venting his emotions.


 After settling the matter regarding Fang Zheng, Fang Yuan progressed smoothly in the Refinement Path Convention without any problems.


 Since he eliminated some of the truly skilled Gu refinement experts early, it made the later rounds much easier for him.


 Eventually, Feng Jin Huang got sixth place, while Fang Yuan reached the finals.


 He faced the strongest competitor in this competition — Yu Mu Chun.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan lost completely.


 Even though the task was still the same as his previous life, and Fang Yuan had a huge advantage of knowing it in advance.


 But his opponent — Yu Mu Chun — was a true refinement path quasi-great grandmaster.


 This level was terrifying.


 Even though Feng Jin Huang had dream wings Immortal Gu, she could not reach this stage easily. The higher the level of attainment went in each path, the more difficulty one would face in trying to raise it.


 In history, only the Three Olds of refinement path could reach the highest point.


 Right now in Northern Plains, there were only four people who were publicly known to match or surpass him, they were the four refinement path experts of Northern Plains.


 Fang Yuan knew deeply, even if he had the advantage of knowing the task, he could not defeat Yu Mu Chun. This was the difference in level.


 Speaking of which, Yu Mu Chun wore nearly the same thing as Fang Yuan, he wore a black robe that covered his entire body, as well as a mask on his face.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he got first place. There were no surprises, his ability was truly unfathomable.


 Fang Yuan forfeited without competing, many people were unhappy and blamed him. After all, refinement path attainment level was hard to assess, even though Yu Mu Chun was very strong, Fang Yuan was also an extremely favored contestant.


 Forfeiting without a fight, the spectators who were looking forward to the final round felt unhappy, they were complaining and claiming that Fang Yuan’s forfeiture was rigged!


 But no matter what, Fang Yuan, who reached second place, obtained his original goal, he obtained a success dao mark.


 After that, the representatives from Immortal Crane Sect and the other nine great ancient sects came to Fang Yuan, attempting to buy his dao mark.


 This success dao mark could not be traded or given away. Even though Heavenly Court tried many times, they had never succeeded. The ten great ancient sects naturally did not have any intention to seize it, they only tried to make a deal with him.


 After all, with Fang Yuan’s incredible Gu refinement techniques (an over-evaluation on everyone’s part), asking him to refine a rank six Immortal Gu would use up this success dao mark, in exchange for no failure rate.


 No matter how high of a price the ten sects of Central Continent offered, Fang Yuan rejected them all.


 Returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, he started preparing for the refinement of change form Immortal Gu.


 Ever since Fang Yuan started the plan of refining change form Immortal Gu, he had been gathering the materials for it.


 Because he had the success dao mark, he only needed one set of Gu refinement materials, this greatly reduced the cost that he had to bear.


 Even so, after Fang Yuan collected all of the ingredients, he had already sold or traded most of the immortal materials that he had obtained from the Northern Plains auction. If not for the Refinement Path Convention filling up the gap in materials, he would still be lacking in some of them.


 The difficulty of refining an Immortal Gu could be easily seen.


 Fang Yuan only had to prepare one set of materials, but it expended almost all of his current accumulated resources.


 If not for the guts Gu trade and success dao mark, Fang Yuan would not take a risk and undergo such a gamble.



***
Chapter 859 - Refining Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, True Yang mountain range.


 The setting sun was like blood, shining down on the uneven mountain range.


 On a dangerous mountain peak here, a hairy man was climbing enthusiastically.


 “Master, master! Wait for me!” The hairy man climbed as he shouted.


 Unlike most other hairy men, this hairy man had a different sort of intelligence in his eyes, he spoke just like ordinary humans.


 He was chasing after Yu Mu Chun along the mountain range, during the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, this young hairy man had been taking notice of Yu Mu Chun.


 When the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention ended, Yu Mu Chun got first place and the hairy man had been following after him, all along to this place.


 This hairy man was strong and muscular, but he could not catch up to Yu Mu Chun.


 Yu Mu Chun had entered True Yang mountain range after the Convention ended. The hairy man followed behind him, shouting and chasing. Along the way, he suffered a lot and was covered in dust and injuries.


 “Master, wait for me!” The hairy man climbed onto the mountain peak, but he stared blankly: “How can this be? Master was still at the mountain peak earlier, how could he be at the base of the mountain so quickly? What Gu worm did he use?”


 Seeing that the distance he had desperately shrunken had extended, the hairy man was anxious, he quickly went down the mountain, but he missed a step and lost his footing, rolling down the mountain slope.


 Thankfully, there were thick branches that broke his fall.


 Even so, he was crying and screaming as he rolled down until partway down the mountain, his body was bleeding and he suffered fractures everywhere.


 The pain in his body was far less than the pain in his heart.


 “If I miss this opportunity, it will be hard to find master again...”


 The hairy man was crying, he struggled to get up, but he could not.


 He raised his head in desperation: “Master, please take pity on this junior and come back! Boo hoo hoo...”


 His voice was very weak, after his soft pleas, he starting sobbing profusely.


 But when his tears flowed out, his body shook.


 He saw that out of nowhere, a pair of legs were in front of him.


 He looked up along the legs, joyfully seeing that Yu Mu Chun had turned back and was standing in front of him, observing him.


 The hairy man quickly knelt down: “Master, master, you finally meet me!”


 Yu Mu Chun sighed, his voice was deep and grave as he said: “Ben Duo Yi. Years ago, I only gave you a few pointers casually, you and I are not fated to be master and disciple.”


 The hairy man, Ben Duo Yi, heard this and cried out. He gathered strength from nowhere and jumped, hugging Yu Mu Chun’s leg: “Master, oh master! Even if you are unwilling to admit you are my master, but from your instructions, I was enlightened, escaping from ignorance, I broke through my limits and my refinement attainment reached an unforeseen level. Even though you only said a few words, this gratitude is deeper than the sea, you changed my fate, thus in my heart, you are forever my master!”


 Yu Mu Chun stretched out his arm, he rubbed the hairy man named Ben Duo Yi’s head: “Hehehe, back then, i only gave you pointers because I saw that you were wiser than normal hairy men, you had greater cognitive abilities. But it is for your sake that I am not making you my disciple. I am a person who has escaped from fate, being associated with me will only bring you harm. From now on, you are not allowed to tell others that I had once given you pointers, otherwise, you will definitely die a terrible death. Remember this, you have to remember this.”


 “Disciple understands!” Ben Duo Yi nodded his head quickly.


 Yu Mu Chun snorted: “Eh?”


 Ben Duo Yi quickly changed his words: “I remember it, I remember it. Master Yu Mu Chun, please take me in. I am not qualified to be your disciple, but I can be your follower or slave. I am very diligent and witty, you praised me before. I will be very loyal, and serve you with all my heart.”


 Yu Mu Chun shook his head and smiled bitterly: “Oh you, oh you.”


 “Forget it, you have traveled through thirty mountains and encountered much hardship in pursuing me, it is very rare to see such determination and perseverance. Ben Duo Yi, remember this, your most outstanding merit is that you have unique intelligence. Man is the spirit of all beings, but even as a hairy man, your intelligence is not inferior to humans. But you cannot rely on this excessively, after all, a swimmer can always drown if he is careless, you must remember your own sincerity and perseverance, get up.”


 “Master, if you do not agree, I will not get up!” Ben Duo Yi shouted: “Ah!”


 Suddenly, his arms grabbed air, even though they were holding onto Yu Mu Chun’s legs earlier, a formless force was repelling him, he could only watch as Yu Mu Chun floated into the air, moving up towards the sky.


 “Ben Duo Yi, our relationship, formed by fortuitous chance, ends here, today is the last day we will ever meet. Now, I will give you your final lesson, it is a parting gift, watch closely.”


 In the air, Yu Mu Chun’s voice could be heard.


 Ben Duo Yi looked up quickly, he watched with anticipation...


 Central Continent, Earth Abyss, inside Star Form blessed land.


 The night sky was gentle, a cool wind was blowing, Fang Yuan looked at the stars in the sky of the blessed land, they were giving off dim starlight.


 It was complete silence.


 Fang Yuan looked down slowly, retracting his gaze from the vast sky, onto the huge turtle shell in front of him.


 This was not an ordinary turtle shell, it was the shell of a desolate beast turtle.


 At this moment, the shell was upside down, like a bowl, with the shell being full of poisonous blood.


 The poisonous blood was collected from Hu Immortal blessed land’s earthly calamity. Now, in order to refine change form Immortal Gu, they could be used.


 “I can finally start refining change form Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of foggy air.


 The matter of refining change form Immortal Gu was top secret, Fang Yuan did not tell a single person. Even Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Hei Lou Lan, and Fairy Li Shan were kept in the dark, they had no idea.


 As for Star Form blessed land, it had been closed long ago, because the blessed land was inside Earth Abyss, during this time period, nobody came here, it was a safe place.


 Safety was very important.


 Refining Immortal Gu was not easy to begin with, it could be said to be filled with difficulties. There were too many external influences that could affect the Immortal Gu refinement process, if he made even a single mistake, the extremely valuable immortal materials would be wasted, along with all his hard work.


 Thus, he needed a quiet and safe environment to refine Immortal Gu!


 Even though Fang Yuan had a success dao mark and could reduce the natural rate of failure when refining a rank six Immortal Gu to zero.


 What if during the process of refinement, Fang Yuan made a technical error?


 It was incredible important to find an environment like Star Form blessed land which could be relied upon to be undisturbed.


 Otherwise, if Fang Yuan failed the refinement, he would have no one else to blame but himself!


 Even though he was going to start, Fang Yuan still took half a day to condition his mind and body before starting.


 When he felt his soul was replenished and at its peak condition, unable to become any better, he finally started.


 His eyes shined with a brilliant light, countless ghost fires burned under the turtle shell.


 At once, the surroundings burned with eerie fire, the temperature of an enormous area around him fell rapidly.


 Inside the turtle shell, the poisonous blood had no reactions.


 Central Continent, True Yang mountain range.


 Ben Duo Yi was just raising his head to look, but he got stunned.


 At this moment, his eyes widened to a ridiculous size.


 He had thought that Yu Mu Chun’s final lesson was to impart him some unique Gu refinement techniques or some strong refinement path killer moves.


 But he did not think that Yu Mu Chun would stand in the air, waving his hand as he scattered some dazzling specks of light.


 These specks of light were pure and bright, Ben Duo Yi’s eyes were tearing up.


 Just as he felt dizzy, he heard Yu Mu Chun’s words: “Ben Duo Yi, this is the final lesson, open your eyes and watch, learn as much as you can. Alright, I am going to refine an Immortal Gu now!”


 Immortal Gu!!


 Ben Duo Yi’s heart shuddered, he opened his mouth, his jaws were opened so wide they almost dislocated.


 “Refine, refine Immortal Gu?” He stammered, he could not understand what was going on, he was uncertain.


 Why was Master Yu Mu Chun taking such a huge risk?


 Even though Ben Duo Yi was not a Gu refinement expert, he knew that it was hard to refine Immortal Gu. Before refining the Immortal Gu, one needed to condition their body and mind, to get themselves into peak condition, while clearing their mind and being extremely aware of the Gu refinement procedures.


 But Yu Mu Chun did not do that.


 After the Refinement Path Convention ended, he entered True Yang mountain range, moving along the area and did not rest once.


 And he was refining Gu in this place?!


 True Yang mountain range was a very dangerous place.


 The environment that you refined Gu in was very important, even a three year old knew that.


 Right now, Ben Duo Yi was very worried: If they attracted desolate beasts during the Gu refinement, or even ancient desolate beasts, what would they do?


 And this was not the most troublesome part.


 In comparison to desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, Gu Immortals were the biggest threats.


 Because of Song Zi Xing, True Yang mountain range had many Gu Immortals now, they were searching and trying to locate Song Zi Xing. On one hand, they could beat him while he was down, while also completing the secret missions of their respective sects for great rewards.


 Yu Mu Chun did not pay attention to Ben Duo Yi’s thoughts, how worried or nervous he was.


 He had a composed and grand attitude, he moved his hands gracefully.


 At once, light shone up to a few hundred meters in height, clouds were gathering and forming layers in the sky.


 Winds blew, the grass on the mountain swayed, beautiful flowers gave off the fragrant scents of nature.


 ...


 Central Continent, Star Form blessed land.


 An hour passed.


 In the huge turtle shell, the poisonous blood was boiling, it gave off bubbling noises.


 In the sky above the poisonous blood, a huge wave of poisonous gas was moving around, forming a thick and black poisonous fog.


 As Fang Yuan increased the heat, the poisonous fog started to spread, it corroded the surrounding grass and flowers, causing them to die.


 Fang Yuan did not care about this.


 He had prepared meticulously, there were layers of Gu formations in the surroundings, the poisonous gas could not spread far, they were limited to this area.


 “A thousand year bitter shell.” Fang Yuan looked at the boiling poisonous blood as he stretched out a monstrous arm in request.


 “Here, master!” At the next moment, Star Form land spirit appeared with the thousand year bitter shell, handing it to Fang Yuan.


 In order to refine change form Immortal Gu, Star Form land spirit had turned into free labor for Fang Yuan.


 During the entire process, he was Fang Yuan’s assistant.



***
Chapter 860 - Nature Gu Refinement Technique


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bitter shells lived in deep waters.


 Taking in the sand and rocks in the water, they could melt the sediments and turn them into bitter water. If someone opened the shell and obtained this bitter water, using it to brew wine, they would get bitter shell wine. Its taste is very unique, bitter and fragrant.


 Fang Yuan had once obtained a bitter shell, he opened it and used the bitter water to create bitter wine, before using that to refine the liquor worm.


 Bitter shells were quite rare already, but thousand year bitter shells were even rarer, it was a good material to refine Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s bitter shell was a thousand year bitter shell, it was black and had circular loops of white markings, like tree rings. The alternating black and white color was very eye-catching.


 Fang Yuan looked at the fire below the turtle shell, as for the thousand year bitter shell in his hand, he threw it in without looking.


 Refining Immortal Gu was very important, all of the immortal materials had to be checked.


 Fang Yuan had already checked them many times, the ingredients had no problems.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan was refining Gu, he did not need to distract himself and inspect the immortal materials, he only needed to check the flame’s intensity.


 After tossing in the thousand year bitter shell, the poisonous blood no longer boiled, but the poisonous gas was still rumbling, like there was a black python coiling around inside.


 An intense, foul odor was created.


 Fang Yuan did not move, he was engulfed in the foul odor, sniffing it attentively.


 Although he was an immortal zombie and did not have any sense of smell, he had investigative killer moves to help him smell things.


 This odor was hard to describe, it was absolutely disgusting, Fang Yuan wanted to vomit, his head was dizzy from smelling it.


 But Fang Yuan had to persevere, because this odor was one of the signs of whether the Gu refinement was successful, whether the thousand year bitter shell melted perfectly into it.


 Soon, the thousand year bitter shell that Fang Yuan tossed in completely melted, the black poisonous fog stopped rumbling, while the poisonous blood boiled again.


 Fang Yuan tossed in a second, then a third thousand year bitter shell one by one...


 After a total of twelve bitter shells were melted, the poisonous fog was extremely thick, the intense foul odor started to smell fragrant.


 Fang Yuan’s expression became more serious and stern.


 ...


 “Twin ice heart!!”A hairy man, Ben Duo Yi, shouted.


 Even though he was only a rank five Gu Master, he had an extraordinary refinement path attainment level. Thus, he had broad vision and could recognize the immortal material that Yu Mu Chun took out.


 Ben Duo Yi had an expression of shock.


 A thumb sized ice heart was already an immortal material, but the ice heart that Yu Mu Chun took out was as large as a basin!


 Not only was it big, the crucial thing was that this ice heart had a special appearance, within it were two conjoined pieces of heart shaped ice.


 This was a twin ice heart, it was a hundred times rarer than ordinary ice hearts!


 Ordinary ice hearts were rank six immortal materials, they could create rank six Immortal Gu. Meanwhile, twin ice hearts were immortal materials that could refine rank seven Immortal Gu.


 ‘Such a valuable immortal material, he actually took it out first. Evidently, the twin ice heart is not the main material for this Gu, it is only a supplementary material. Master is really amazing, I have no idea what Gu he is trying to refine.’ Ben Duo Yi had a look of admiration and adoration.


 At the same time, he finally relaxed.


 Such a precious material was used, it seemed that Master Yu Mu Chun was prepared, he was not casually refining this Gu.


 But Ben Duo Yi thought: Yu Mu Chun was here in the middle of nowhere refining a precious Immortal Gu in the open. Was this because Yu Mu Chun was stupid? Or was he extremely daring and fearless from his skill?


 Ben Duo Yi could not come to a conclusion.


 The surrounding winds were getting stronger, soon, the winds gathered into a tornado.


 The tornadoes were separated by a certain distance, they did not crash into one another, it resembled a scene of a forest of tornadoes.


 Yu Mu Chun floated in the air, in between the tornado forest, the winds were wild, as his bronze mask was blown away, revealing an aged face which was full of hair.


 Yu Mu Chun laughed loudly, his body shook as the black robe on him tore, the pieces of fabric flew away, showing Yu Mu Chun’s muscular body, his entire body was covered in brown hair.


 It turned out that his real identity was like that of Ben Duo Yi, he was a hairy man.


 No wonder he gave Ben Duo Yi pointers.


 Hairy men were variant humans, they were different from humans. More specifically, they were two different races.


 Not even Fang Yuan knew about Yu Mu Chun’s true identity.


 As if he understood Ben Duo Yi’s worries, Yu Mu Chun, while paying close attention to his work, said: “You fool! Why do we hairy men have talent for Gu refinement? It is because hairy men are born with refinement path dao marks on our bodies. In fact, refinement path originated from hairy men. In terms of the history of Gu refinement, we have been doing it for eons, our accumulated foundations dozens of times deeper than that of humans! But humans have achieved superiority, they wiped out many hairy men, causing countless pieces of precious refinement path knowledge to be lost. Right now, the Gu refinement techniques of humans are influencing hairy men, this is a huge error.”


 Yu Mu Chun continued: “For example, when humans refine Gu, they need a quiet environment that is isolated from the outside world. This allows them to refine Gu safely, they have a higher chance of succeeding. But this is only focusing on short term gains, they are not planning ahead for the future.”


 “Gu Masters nurture, use, and refine, nurturing Gu is being familiar with materials and their connection to Gu worms, why do we feed certain kinds of food to a particular Gu worm? Looking at the Gu worm and its food, countless Gu recipes can be discovered. Using Gu is using and understanding the dao marks on the Gu worm. Refining Gu is even more crucial, it is the handling of dao marks. When refining Gu, one should be surrounded by nature! Because the world itself has an endless number of dao marks. It is like a baby in a mother’s womb, the world itself is the best place to refine Gu. If we can make use of the dao marks of the world, in a way, the world itself is helping us refine Gu!”


 “Borrowing the power of the world to refine Gu?!” Ben Duo Yi stared with wide opened eyes, he was tongue-tied.


 Yu Mu Chun’s words were shocking, this was the first time Ben Duo Yi had heard this theory, it was a huge inspiration and expanded his vision.


 Yu Mu Chun laughed heartily, his eyes shined with brilliance: “Ben Duo Yi, you have learned the Gu refinement techniques of humans, even though they are effective, you have taken the wrong path. Learning from others can improve oneself, but the ways of humans is not suited for us. If you want to improve further and become a refinement path great grandmaster, you will need to go back to your origins, and use the Gu refinement methods of us hairy men.”


 “I am willing! I am willing! Master Yu Mu Chun, please be magnanimous and teach me the Gu refinement techniques of us hairy men!” Ben Duo Yi shouted excitedly, he kowtowed non stop.


 Yu Mu Chun laughed heartily: “Don’t be eager to make a decision, there is a huge risk in this, you might not improve, it could potentially harm you instead. I started feeding Gu worms at three years old, I touched and was in close contact with Gu worms at ten years old, without any instructors, I knew what food foreign Gu worms needed to eat, and how to feed them. At sixteen, I used human Gu refinement techniques to refine rank five Gu with a ninety percent success rate. But this was a wrong path, when I was twenty-two, I realized this point, I decided to start all over again, refining Gu in nature. When I was a hundred and thirty-eight years old, my nature Gu refinement techniques had finally reached a state of minor success. Now that I am two hundred and forty-six years old, my nature Gu refinement techniques has reached great success. I can comprehend nature and learn about astrology and earth veins, I can choose the most suitable area, making use of hidden dao marks in heaven and earth to assist me in my Gu refinement. Right now, I have a forty percent success rate in refining rank six Immortal Gu, and a five percent success rate in refining rank seven Immortal Gu. As for rank eight Immortal Gu, limited by my cultivation level, I have not tried them yet.”


 Such words shook Ben Duo Yi.


 Yu Mu Chun’s success rate in refining Gu was too high.


 Ordinarily, the success rate of refining rank six Immortal Gu was less than one percent.


 For rank seven, the success rate was one-tenth of a percent, and for rank eight, it was one-hundredth of a percent.


 As for Yu Mu Chun, he could refine rank six Immortal Gu with a forty percent success rate. That was four in ten attempts. And for rank seven Immortal Gu, he could succeed once in every twenty attempts.


 Such a success rate would shock the world if it was exposed!


 This was the brilliance of nature Gu refinement techniques.


 And Ben Duo Yi also realized.


 To learn these incredible technique, one needed ample talent and aptitude. Yu Mu Chun had incredible talent, he fed Gu worms at three years old, he was in close contact with Gu worms at ten, learning what they ate. By that age, he had already learned that Gu worms carried the traces of dao marks, they were connected to all beings in this world.


 When Yu Mu Chun was sixteen, he could refine rank five Gu using human techniques. When he was twenty-two, he realized this was not the way for him, and he gave up his achievements, restarting from scratch.


 From this point, one could see that Yu Mu Chun not only had talent, he also had ambition and aspiration.


 Furthermore, to learn nature Gu refinement techniques, one needed huge amounts of time and resources.


 When Yu Mu Chun was a hundred and thirty-eight years old, he achieved minor success. When he was two hundred and forty-six years old, he attained great success.


 Along the way, he must have spent an immense amount of wealth and time to practice, it was unthinkable.


 Aside from his talent, just the point about expending resources was unrealistic for Ben Duo Yi because he was a lone cultivator.


 When Gu Immortals cultivate, they needed resources. This was even more the case for refinement path Gu Masters. Without lots of practice, without enough resources, even Gu Immortals could learn nothing.


 Most Gu Immortals were flying masters, but only a small number were refinement path masters.


 Fang Yuan did not have higher achievements in refinement path, he only had become a refinement path quasi-grandmaster. Other than his limited talent and that his efforts were not focused on this path, it was also because he was limited by resources.


 Yu Mu Chun saw that the tornadoes were calming down, he started to refine Gu.


 He stood in the air, his hair was swaying as he took out immortal materials one after another from his immortal aperture.


 He tossed these immortal materials into each of the tornadoes after careful selection.


 The tornadoes were like sharp blades, the immortal materials were grinded into powder quickly.


 Ben Duo Yi was dumbfounded.


 Ordinarily speaking, when refining Gu, the sets of immortal materials had to be measured properly, the timing in which they were used was precise, and the heat used to handle the immortal materials had to be managed.


 But Yu Mu Chun was very casual, leaving aside the forest of tornadoes, his technique in handling the immortal materials was very crude, he did not pay attention to the quantity of each material. He was like a terrible chef, randomly tossing in oil and other condiments into the dish according to his urges.


 If anyone else tried this method, Ben Duo Yi would scoff in disdain.


 But when Yu Mu Chun did it, there was an unspeakably smooth flow and natural feeling.


 His every moment was very ordinary, but there was an indescribable beauty, as if perfectly suited to nature, deep and profound meaning was hidden in his actions.


 At once, Ben Duo Yi had frozen in place, his eyes were staring without blinking.


 He was completely dazed!



***
Chapter 861 - Successful Refinement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Star Form blessed land.


 Poisonous fog was spreading, poisonous blood was boiling, three layers of Gu formations were already destroyed by corrosion, the surrounding land turned into a thin layer of poisonous swampland.


 Fang Yuan’s face was stern.


 “Next is the most troublesome and difficult to process immortal material, earthly limit astral qi.”


 He took out an immortal material and held it in his hands.


 This Gu refinement material was very peculiar, it was made up of soil and qi. They gathered into a lump.


 At the top was light azure colored astral qi, below was black soil.


 Astral qi was the heaven qi found up in the nine heavens. Outside the immemorial nine heavens was a thick wall of astral qi. If a Gu Immortal wants to explore the nine heavens, he would need to break through the astral qi wall.


 Meanwhile, the black soil was made up of the essence of earth qi condensed from the ten depths.


 Heaven and earth qi could not coexist, but at this moment, this earthly limit astral qi was joined together in harmony. Not only were they existing peacefully, they were converting into one another constantly. Black soil turned into astral qi while astral qi turned into black soil.


 Fang Yuan’s shook it by moving his hands rapidly, as this lump of earthly limit astral qi melted, fusing with the black soil and becoming a lump of fog.


 But after shaking, after a dozen breaths, the black soil sank while the astral qi stayed on top. Black and white was separated again, the two were rotating, it was a mystical sight.


 “Processing such an immortal material is most troublesome. Ordinary refinement path killer moves cannot deal with it perfectly. Only the four publicly recognized strongest immortal killer moves to deal with immortal materials — slumbering lightning python, reflect snow, muffled thunder stone drum, and wind grind, could complete this step instantly. Unfortunately, I do not have any of these four immortal killer moves, to process the earthly limit astral qi, I can only put in much time and effort.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts flashed as he moved his feet, his huge body shot into the air, he leaped and jumped into the turtle shell, into the poisonous blood.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan flashed his sharp nails, causing injuries on his six monstrous arms, he next slashed at his chest, back, and other areas, creating openings on his skin.


 Blood refinement killer move — Blood Trace Travel.


 From these injuries, traces of blood appeared.


 The blood traces quickly fused into the dark purple poisonous blood, the poisonous blood in the turtle shell was drawn away, it moved into Fang Yuan’s wounds.


 Intense pain assaulted him, Fang Yuan snorted.


 Immortal zombies did not have a sense of pain, Fang Yuan could feel pain because he used Gu worm methods. He needed to feel pain so that he could know what step the immortal materials were at.


 Fang Yuan’s blood and the poisonous blood in the turtle shell acting as a pot continued to fuse and circulate, they were entering and exiting Fang Yuan’s body.


 After this process stabilized, Fang Yuan took out the earthly limit astral qi and swallowed it.


 Gulp, the earthly limit astral qi entered his stomach.


 This was his own original method, created in his previous life, an abnormal technique using blood path to refine Gu. He called this the flesh body blood refinement technique.


 The earthly limit astral qi entered his body, it was engulfed by the blood and slowly melted into the blood.


 Blood flowed out of Fang Yuan’s body through the wounds, into the turtle shell pot, and sank to the bottom.


 At the same time, the other poisonous blood in the pot flowed into Fang Yuan’s body through the wounds, engulfing the earthly limit astral qi again.


 Such circulation made the earthly limit astral qi melt at an extremely slow speed.


 At a mountain peak on True Yang mountain range, winds were blowing wildly.


 The hairy man Gu Immortal, Yu Mu Chun, stretched out a finger.


 Where his finger pointed, five or six tornadoes slowly approached. When they got close to a certain extent, they gathered into one, forming a huge tornado that howled loudly.


 Yu Mu Chun’s hand turned, a pearl-like immortal material was flicked out by his finger, entering the huge tornado.


 Although this pearl was small and inconspicuous, after it entered the tornado, it emitted a shrill noise.


 The winds of the tornado became weaker, it spin slower. It was like a strong man who was stuffed from eating.


 But as time passed, the tornado became faster and faster, it was rapidly ‘digesting’ the pearl.


 Fifteen minutes later, the tornado completely absorbed the pearl, the entire ‘pillar’ was dyed in black and white, interchanging between the two colors.


 “Earthly limit astral qi pearl?” Ben Duo Yi saw this and had a thought, he cried out.


 Yu Mu Chun was a bit surprised, he praised: “Mm, you have quite some knowledge, lad. To process the earthly limit astral qi pearl, a small tornado would not work, only a large tornado could do it.”


 Ben Duo Yi suppressed the shaking of his heart.


 Earthly limit astral qi was a very hard to process immortal material. Ben Duo Yi knew deeply that even if he exerted himself, he would need to spend several years to melt a lump of earthly limit astral qi, so that it could be used in Gu refinement.


 He was a mortal Gu Master, to process immortal materials, he would usually need to spend years on it.


 As for the earthly limit astral qi pearl?


 It was made from a huge amount of earthly limit astral qi, squeezed together and gathered into a pure pearl. One pearl was equivalent to a hundred portions of earthly limit astral qi.


 Earthly limit astral qi pearls were extremely firm, they were hard to process. Even Gu Immortals needed to spend months or even years to melt one pearl.


 But Master Yu Mu Chun spent such a short time to process an earthly limit astral qi pearl?


 Ben Duo Yi thought of something, his voice trembled as he asked: “Don’t tell me... Master Yu Mu Chun, the refinement path killer move that you used is the legendary wind grind? That has to be it, only one of the four legendary refinement path immortal killer moves can process immortal materials at such a speed!”


 “That’s right, it is wind grind.” Yu Mu Chun replied.


 Ben Duo Yi’s eyes were shining brightly, this was one of the best methods to process immortal materials. Even if he was not a Gu Immortal, and could not use an immortal killer move, but right now, he was filled with admiration, he dreamed that one day, he would be able to use wind grind to perfectly process immortal materials, that would be incredible!


 After dealing with the earthly limit astral qi pearl, Yu Mu Chun started to throw immortal essence stones into the tornadoes.


 One after another, immortal essence stones were tossed into the tornadoes, these stones were not as tough as the earthly limit astral qi pearl, they were grinded to dust in an instant by blades of wind, they gave off a dazzling light.


 Right now, heaven and earth was resonating, the surrounding mountains were shaking, the sky was filled with dark clouds, thunder was booming.


 “What is going on?” Ben Duo Yi was scared and shocked, he looked around and realized that the mound of the mountain that he was on had lights floating around him.


 These lights were dao marks.


 There were some red fire path dao marks, some blue water path dao marks, these two dao marks were quite fragmented. There were also earth path and wood path dao marks, they were slightly more intact. But mostly, there was a type of silver light dao mark flickering.


 Rule path dao marks!


 These dao marks were very high in numbers, but they were not arranged in an orderly way. Some were entangled together, densely compacted, while others were scattered around randomly.


 Ben Duo Yi realized that the place where Yu Mu Chun chose to refine Gu had the highest number of rule path dao marks.


 “This mound seems ordinary, but it is very extraordinary, no wonder Master Yu chose to refine Gu here! Strange, ordinary mounds would not have so many dao marks.” The more Ben Duo Yi observed, the more questions popped up in his head.


 He felt pressure internally, because the shaking of the mountain was getting stronger, the clouds in the sky were getting darker.


 A thunderstorm was approaching, a calamity was striking!


 Even those tornadoes were weakening, they shrunk in size.


 Yu Mu Chun raised his head in the sky, laughing loudly as his voice was filled with confidence and grandness.


 At this moment, his Immortal Gu refinement had reached its most crucial step.


 “Come.” He pointed one finger at the sky, and another finger at the ground.


 In the sky, lightning bolts flashed as they gathered together, forming a huge dragon-like lightning python.


 Lightning was yang, python was yin, the lightning python contained yin and yang, not only was the wild nature of the lightning curbed, it even showed some gentleness.


 This was slumbering lightning python!


 One of the four refinement path immortal killer moves!


 Meanwhile, on the ground, countless tornadoes were gathering, forming into a gigantic tornado wind pillar.


 The wind pillar was tall, almost connecting the sky and ground. The slumbering lightning python slowly moved, descending slowly and coiling around the wind pillar.


 The lightning was not dazzling, but the scene of the huge python coiling around the pillar had an indescribable beauty that shook the soul.


 At this moment, heaven and earth qi burst out.


 An intense sense of danger assaulted Ben Duo Yi’s heart.


 “Master Yu, what, what is going on, why is this situation resembling the tribulation of a Gu Immortal?” Ben Duo Yi shouted.


 “Ah, you guessed right. This is a small problem.” Yu Mu Chun said casually.


 “A small problem?!” Ben Duo Yi’s eyes were wide open, his mouth was dry.


 Star Form blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was covered in wounds, the pain made his face distorted, his eight monstrous arms were inserted into the poisonous blood, his fangs were exposed and his eyes were red, he was breathing heavily like an ox.


 After spending a total of three days and three nights, he had finally processed all of the earthly limit astral qi, fusing them into the poisonous blood.


 The poisonous blood filled the entire pot earlier, but now less than half was left.


 “The most difficult step is over, land spirit, bring those captives here.” Fang Yuan shouted.


 Star Form land spirit quickly responded.


 At once, large numbers of living beings, like horses, bulls, dogs, or boars were all tossed into the poisonous blood.


 Screaming, growling, and crying could be heard, they blended together.


 The poisonous blood was extremely thick, like a swamp. After these living beings were tossed in, their intense struggle only made them sink faster.


 Their blood, flesh, and bones were all being dissolved.


 Soon, the poisonous blood in the turtle shell was slowly rising in depth.


 “Not enough, not enough.” Fang Yuan urged, his red eyes flashed with excitement and cruelty.


 Land spirits did not care for kindness or evil, they only had obsession and loyalty.


 Star Form land spirit started to toss in large numbers of variant humans. These included hairy men, rockmen, snowmen, inkmen, eggmen, feathermen, and mermen...


 The poisonous blood rose in level, but Fang Yuan was not satisfied, he calculated the time as he shouted again: “More, add more of them.”


 At this point, the human captives that he had specially prepared were also tossed into the pot.


 “Ah, spare my life!”


 “So painful, the pain is killing me!”


 “I will not let you off even as a ghost!!”


 Fang Yuan was unmoved, he only focused on the Gu refinement progress. An elderly Gu Master was coincidentally tossed to the side of him, he struggled to survive.


 Fang Yuan raised his leg and kicked this elderly man into a deep part of the poisonous blood, the old man struggled intensely for a few moments, but eventually, only his hand was left on the surface of the poisonous blood, his fingers were like hooks grabbing at the sky, it was like the protest of the weak against heaven and earth, against destiny, carrying intense curses and grudges towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, during this period, the poisonous blood had regained its original volume, it was at the rim of the turtle shell.


 He began to throw in large numbers of immortal essence stones into the poisonous blood.


 One hundred, two hundred pieces... he threw them in without hesitation.


 Countless vengeful spirits were flying on top of the poisonous blood, the poisonous fog was rumbling as the level of poisonous blood declined again.


 Seven days later, the poisonous blood was almost completely dried up, there was only a small puddle left in the shell, it could not even reach Fang Yuan’s ankle.


 Fang Yuan lowered his body and picked up a Gu from this poisonous blood.


 Change form Immortal Gu, completed!


 Central Continent, True Yang mountain range.


 Ben Duo Yi sat on the ground, muttering: “The tribulation is finally over...”


 The mountain range was partly destroyed, it was like a ravaged battlefield.


 Be it the tornado wind pillar or the slumbering lightning python, they had disappeared.


 Rain poured as Ben Duo Yi was drenched completely.


 Yu Mu Chun collected the refined Immortal Gu as he threw an information path Gu worm to Ben Duo Yi.


 “Lad, this is my refinement path inheritance, I am leaving it to you. You can learn about nature Gu refinement techniques, but if you do not become a Gu Immortal, you cannot use this method to refine Gu. Because this method attracts heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities.”


 Saying so, Yu Mu Chun stepped on the air and flew into the sky.


 Ben Duo Yi’s body shuddered, he knelt down as his eyes shined with a brilliant light, he shouted: “Master, don’t worry, I will not waste this inheritance!”



***
Chapter 862 - After Refining Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Starlight Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan stood on top of a Fang Yuan stone nest, at his will, he activated starlight Immortal Gu.


 Immediately, a starlight pillar burst out, shooting into the stone nest.


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, the starlight did not harm anyone, it was very mild.


 Inside this stone nest, there were many arrangements of Gu formations. Once the starlight pillar shot in, it was dissolved into traces of blue starlight rays, drawn into the first room of every level.


 The hairy man in the first room activated his Gu worm skillfully, absorbing the starlight trace and processing it.


 The partly-done product was sent into the second room, for the second step.


 Going through a total of seven rooms, star thought Gu were refined one after another.


 These star thought Gu moved along the tunnels, sliding towards the deepest storage area of the stone nest.


 Each time Fang Yuan activated starlight Immortal Gu, the amount produced was enough for these hairy men to work for eight to nine days without any rest!


 After using starlight Immortal Gu, there would be a huge quantity of starlight, Fang Yuan did not need to purchase starlight Gu like before and refine star thought Gu using the mortal starlight Gu as material. This saved a lot of trouble, and his costs reduced slightly as well.


 Even though using starlight Immortal Gu required immortal essence, if he purchased a vast number of mortal starlight Gu, he would still need to pay quite a sum, the cost of acquiring them was high.


 The modified star thought Gu recipe was safer as well. Refining Gu was a risky thing to do, it was like battling, that was why a lot of hairy men got injured in the process, or even died.


 After producing the starlight, Fang Yuan did not leave, he observed them for a while.


 A while later, he nodded slightly, feeling pleased internally.


 The current star thought Gu recipe was already modified by him, the number of hairy man deaths had greatly reduced in comparison to before. Most importantly, the production of star thought Gu did not fall in numbers.


 ‘But the modification has reached its limits, unless my star path attainment level rises, or if I find a better star thought Gu recipe.’


 Fang Yuan knew clearly that he was not a star path cultivator. His star path attainment level might stay at this level forever. Or perhaps, when he explores a dream realm in the future, his star path attainment level might rise.


 But who could be certain of events in the future?


 “It is a pity, sixty percent of rooms in this stone nest are empty. If I have enough hairy men, the production of star thought Gu can double!”


 Fang Yuan felt it was a pity.


 Just now, to refine change form Immortal Gu, he not only used up the success dao mark from the Infallible inheritance, he even used up almost all of his immortal materials and immortal essence stones.


 The result was that Fang Yuan was currently broke.


 Thus, the problem of a hairy man shortage could not be solved now.


 Even if he caught and captured wild hairy men, he would need to spend lots of effort and time to train them, until they were proper slaves that could be useful in refining Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not know how to train wild hairy men into proper slaves.


 The fastest way was to buy hairy man slaves from other Gu Immortals. Regrettably, Fang Yuan did not have the spare cash for that.


 Even his immortal essence storage was very low now, he had around ten beads, he needed to use them wisely.


 One could say that Fang Yuan was in an extremely weak condition now. Even though he had the killer move myriad self, three new star path Immortal Gu, and multiple star path immortal killer moves of Star Lord Wan Xiang, without enough immortal essence, he could not use any of the killer moves.


 As the saying goes, there is no need for worry if one has ample resources.


 To Gu Immortals, resources referred to immortal essence stones and immortal essence mainly.


 Thus, the most important thing for Fang Yuan was to accumulate immortal essence now.


 After leaving this stone nest, Fang Yuan went to inspect the other two stone nests.


 During this period, these two stone nests were handled by Hei Lou Lan.


 She activated strength qi Immortal Gu, providing the Gu refinement materials for countless hairy men, large numbers of airsac Gu were created, they contained guts Gu as they were sold to the different forces of Central Continent, or in treasure yellow heaven.


 In these two stone nests, each room had a hairy man.


 The risk of refining airsac Gu was much higher than refining star thought Gu. Why was the stone nest still at full capacity, that was because Fang Yuan reassigned the hairy men in the third stone nest to fill up these two stone nests.


 Fang Yuan’s current focus was on expanding the guts Gu trade.


 During the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, Fang Yuan dueled Feng Jin Huang and made an agreement in public. From now on, he was going to sell a large number of guts Gu to Spirit Affinity House.


 Thus, the demand for guts Gu increased, Fang Yuan had to increase its production.


 Inside a stone nest, Fang Yuan met up with Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was browsing the information about Central Continent.


 “Central Continent’s ten great sects are secretly trying to capture Song Zi Xing, have you heard about it?” Once they met, Hei Lou Lan asked this to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Of course I did. This matter can be kept from mortals, but it cannot be hidden from Gu Immortals. Even though Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects are concealing their tracks, the other Gu Immortals in Central Continent would not want to keep this a secret, right now, they are looking forward to seeing some drama in the ten great ancient sects.”


 “Sigh!” Hei Lou Lan sighed deeply: “Such a prime opportunity, but we missed it. If we could kill Song Zi Xing during this period, we might be able to obtain Star Form blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan was silent briefly, before saying: “Hei Lou Lan, you’re simplifying the matter too much. Central Continent is not Northern Plains, we are both Northern Plains Gu Immortals, if our aura leaks, others will find out. The consequences of exposing our identities are too severe, we cannot handle it. Song Zi Xing is also very crafty, he is skilled at escaping, while we have mediocre investigative methods. Even the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent cannot find him in True Yang mountain range, how can we find him?”


 “You are right.” Hei Lou Lan sighed, she replied gloomily.


 Ever since she was ‘awakened’ by Fang Yuan, she realized her own shortcomings.


 These last days, she had been thinking daily about how to manage her blessed land, how could she earn resources and sustain her own cultivation, how could she become more independent.


 But reality was cruel, it was not easy to start a business.


 Hei Lou Lan was starting from scratch, she needed to spend a huge amount of time and face many setbacks to set up her revenue sources.


 Even if her plan worked, she would face fierce competition in the market, how much profit she would get would depend entirely on the situation.


 Hei Lou Lan thought about it for a while, she went to Fairy Li Shan for advice, she learned that to start a business from scratch, she would make great losses initially, the process would be filled with difficulty, and in the end, whether she earned much or not was uncertain, she might be slowing her own progress.


 There was no helping it, she had a ten extreme immortal aperture, the flow of time in it was extremely fast, her heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities were also much stronger.


 Hei Lou Lan investigated and realized: What was best suitable were unique businesses like guts Gu, a monopoly market that could be solely hers. Or she could be like Fang Yuan, taking several sources of revenue from Dong Fang tribe. For example, the eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders, dragonfish and others, these were originally taken good care of by Dong Fang tribe, Fang Yuan was only taking over and changing where he sold them.


 After discovering this, Hei Lou Lan was even more attracted to Star Form blessed land.


 As long as she obtained it, Hei Lou Lan would have a stable foundation! Inheriting Star Lord Wan Xiang’s businesses, she would be self sufficient, it would be enough to aid her in her cultivation.


 Fang Yuan did not tell Hei Lou Lan that he was the owner of Star Form blessed land.


 He liked to keep his cards hidden.


 The Snowy Mountain Alliance would expire eventually, it was uncertain if Hei Lou Lan would remain an ally or become a foe.


 Of course, if Hei Lou Lan noticed something and asked Fang Yuan, because of the alliance, he could not lie, even though he could remain silent, that would just act as simple confirmation for Hei Lou Lan.


 He would hide this for as long as he could.


 That was Fang Yuan’s plan.


 ...


 After Yu Mu Chun refined the Immortal Gu, he traveled deep into True Yang mountain range.


 Ever since he separated from Ben Duo Yi, he had used an immortal killer move to conceal his tracks.


 On this afternoon, he stopped in front of a small, ordinary looking valley.


 He took out an information path Gu worm and tossed it in front of him.


 The Gu worm vanished, like a rock entering water, there were ripples in the air, they expanded and an opening appeared, filled with blood red light inside.


 Yu Mu Chun did not hesitate, he took a large step forward and entered the spatial crack.


 At the next moment, he was inside a strange area.


 The crack behind him closed tightly, Yu Mu Chun’s vision was filled with blood red light, there was a dark and eerie poisonous swamp, large numbers of skeletons were inside the mud.


 An intense bloody smell assaulted him, Yu Mu Chun frowned unconsciously as he said: “Using so many blood sacrifices, it seems your injuries were severe, Song Zi Xing.”


 “Cough cough, I had no choice, it was quite fortunate that I escaped with my life. Come in.” At a deep part of the swamp, Song Zi Xing’s voice could be heard.


 Looking at this situation, the hairy man Gu Immortal, Yu Mu Chun, was actually acquainted with a top tier demonic path Gu Immortal of Central Continent, Song Zi Xing, they seemed to be quite familiar with each other, they had a close relationship!


 Yu Mu Chun moved in familiar fashion towards a deep part of the swamp. This was not the first time he was in this place, he was familiar with the terrain.


 Eventually, in the blood pool at the center of the swamp, he saw Song Zi Xing.


 Song Zi Xing only had a head and over half his chest left, the entirety of his body was submerged in the blood pool for healing, only after Yu Mu Chun came did his head emerge from the pool.


 Seeing Song Zi Xing, Yu Mu Chun’s expression turned grave: “With your injuries, it will be hard to take part in the upcoming crucial plan.”


 “Hehe, I will just be giving up my life and cultivation, that’s all.” Song Zi Xing’s expression was calm, he spoke in a carefree manner, he changed the subject afterwards: “Did you refine that rule path Immortal Gu?”


 “Mm, using the success dao mark from the Infallible inheritance, combined with my nature Gu refinement techniques, success was certain. But it is a pity, if given more time, I would be able to learn some useful things from this success dao mark. The success dao marks in the Infallible inheritance are different from ordinary success dao marks, they are very closely related to refinement path. If I could research upon it, I would be able to create my own Infallible inheritance!”


 Yu Mu Chun shook his head as he sighed.



***
Chapter 863 - Elevating All-Out Effort Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hearing Yu Mu Chun’s sigh, Song Zi Xing sighed as well: “The crucial thing is time. If I have time, I can heal and recover my battle strength as well. Unfortunately, time is too tight, it was estimated that we had ten years left, to think that we need to start now!”


 “We have made many preparations these last years, but plans cannot keep up with changes, and fate Immortal Gu was not completely destroyed, isn’t it normal to have such accidents occurring?” Yu Mu Chun asked.


 Even Fang Yuan, who had been reborn from five hundred years in the future, did not know about the existence of Fate. In contrast, Yu Mu Chun actually knew, and Song Zi Xing’s expression also showed no surprise.


 “Oh right.” Yu Mu Chun thought about something and said: “Earlier, before coming here, I met with a talented hairy man junior and passed him my refinement path inheritance already.”


 Inheritances were a cultural symbol of the Gu Master world.


 Like how during ancient times in China, there was a need to acknowledge one’s roots and ancestors. Grand heroes would want to leave their name in history. After people died, huge amounts of jewelry and gold would be buried with them, even servants or wives were buried alongside. During Japan’s Sengoku Period, warriors would wear glorious armor into battle, they did not care about the dangers of attracting the enemy’s attention.


 As for Rome and Egypt, since ancient times until the present, they also had such cultural developments, even though they were all different, there was one common point among them — that was to prove that one existed.


 Proving to the world, proving to others, I had once existed and lived. Even if I died, in the world, this person had once lived!


 As such, biographies were not hard to understand. Some people wrote their biographies when they were alive, some allowed their descendants to write them after they died. There were some who did not have descendants, their enemies wrote it for them! Biographies written in such situations could often be more factual, they could contain much more detailed descriptions. As the saying goes, often, an enemy knows you better than your family. Biographies written by your enemies would not contain flattery, they could become classics.


 Inheritances were the same.


 Biographies detailed a person’s life experiences. But inheritances contained the foundation of the strength that a person in order to live in this world. It was their understanding towards nature, their thoughts about the world, and their conclusion of the truth.


 Like in ancient China, every craftsman would not want to leave behind regrets before dying, they will try all ways to find a successor, they would not want the skills that had been passed down for generations to be lost.


 Skills, inheritances, these were acknowledgements of one’s value, they were the records of one’s success in life. After leaving behind an inheritance, even if one died, they can leave behind a mark in the world.


 Yu Mu Chun left behind his inheritance, there was an ominous sensation of him being prepared to die.


 Who would leave behind inheritances?


 Nobody who was living a great life and had good future prospects would leave behind an inheritance.


 Under normal circumstances, who would leave an inheritance behind? Teaching everything to a pupil would result in a starving master, it was hard to know the intentions of others, if one was careless, they would gain a competitor.


 Usually, only when one was at the end of their life, when they knew that death was coming, would they leave an inheritance.


 For example, Flower Wine Monk, Blood Sea Ancestor, and Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Yu Mu Chun left behind an inheritance, it was evident that in the crucial plan he was taking part in, he had no confidence in surviving it.


 What grand plan would make this unfathomable refinement path Gu Immortal expert feel that he could not survive? What kind of motivation was driving him, making him willing to sacrifice himself?


 Even Song Zi Xing, he had just escaped and survived, top tier in Central Continent’s demonic path, for this grand plan, he was willing to sacrifice himself!


 Furthermore, Yu Mu Chun actually told Song Zi Xing personally that he had chosen an inheritor for his inheritance. This was abnormal!


 If Song Zi Xing had any ill intentions and secretly went to find the inheritor, he could easily obtain Yu Mu Chun’s inheritance and strengthen himself.


 As for Yu Mu Chun, if his foundation was exposed, he would be easily dealt with and suppressed by Song Zi Xing.


 Yu Mu Chun actually told Song Zi Xing about this precious information regarding his inheritance, it was obvious that he trusted him.


 Such a level of trust was truly unparalleled!


 Song Zi Xing betrayed Myriad Dragon Dock, he had a vile reputation, but he could obtain Yu Mu Chun’s trust to this degree? Was it because of his charisma, or were there other reasons?


 “Yes, we should make some preparations.” Hearing that Yu Mu Chun had left an inheritance, Song Zi Xing was emotionless, he did not have any intentions to seize it.


 “I’ll show you something too.” Song Zi Xing smiled mysteriously.


 At the next moment, there was a commotion in the blood pool as a blood fetus floated up from under the blood.


 The blood fetus was the size of a foal, within the fetus, one could see a human shaped figure, curled up like a baby, sleeping.


 Yu Mu Chun saw this blood fetus and his pupils shrunk, he said with some disbelief: “This, this... you actually developed blood demon body separation to this extent?”


 Song Zi Xing smiled, he showed a proud expression: “Even though I did not obtain a complete blood deity Immortal Gu recipe, I had collected some Blood Deity remnant recipes, I made this blood fetus according to the Blood Deity remnant recipes, with the blood path technique from Northern Plains along with my immortal killer move, blood demon body separation, this was formed.”


 “The fake body created by blood demon body separation expends immortal essence to maintain, it has a time limit. But the body that this blood fetus makes does not consume immortal essence, it can be sustained for at least two to three hundred years. It can cultivate independently and has its own consciousness, it can get stronger by cultivating and become an immortal. In terms of appearance, it will look exactly like me.”


 “You are planning to?” Yu Mu Chun showed a look of understanding.


 “That’s right, it is not a problem if I die, as long as the plan succeeds. But if the plan fails, there will need a countermeasure for it. Song Zi Xing needs to live. Even if I am sacrificed, the blood fetus will produce a second Song Zi Xing.”


 Yu Mu Chun looked at the blood fetus as he showed an expression of interest: “Can I conduct research on this blood fetus? I have just gotten a new inspiration!”


 “Of course, go ahead and research. But be careful, the blood fetus cannot leave this blood pool, not even for a moment.”


 “Mm, I understand, don’t worry.”


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Looking at the hole earth Gu in front of him, Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air.


 This was the second hole earth Gu in Hu Immortal blessed land, the first one was connected to Immortal Crane Sect, while this one was connected to Spirit Affinity House.


 Just earlier, he had done the first transaction with Spirit Affinity House. Large numbers of airsac Gu carrying guts Gu were sent over to Spirit Affinity House. Fang Yuan obtained a hundred and eighty immortal essence stones, it solved his immediate problem for now.


 Speaking of which, after Fang Yuan and Feng Jin Huang’s duel, the truly valuable thing was not the zombie revival technique that Feng Jin Huang gave him, it was the cooperation with Spirit Affinity House.


 The reason why Feng Jin Huang took out this method as the wager was because although Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, he could not make use of this technique.


 But she did not know that Fang Yuan still had his first mortal aperture. She did not manage to complete stump Fang Yuan.


 With these one hundred and eighty immortal essence stones, Fang Yuan did not hesitate in converting half of them over to green grape immortal essence. Like this, he was out of his weak state, he regained his battle strength.


 A day later, he transacted with Immortal Crane Sect again, gained a favorable sum of immortal essence stones.


 Immortal Crane Sect attitude was much gentler than before.


 Evidently, they had understood: If they were too overbearing towards Fang Yuan, he might lean towards Spirit Affinity House instead.


 At the same time, Immortal Crane Sect wanted to buy the success dao mark from Fang Yuan, they offered a huge price, asking him to refine a rank six Immortal Gu. They would provide the Immortal Gu recipe to Fang Yuan for free, and the immortal materials would all be provided by them.


 Even the ten great ancient sects in Central Continent had an unceasing demand regarding Immortal Gu.


 Towards this request, Fang Yuan evaded it as much as possible, he did not say that he had already used it, he only said that he needed more time for consideration.


 Immortal Crane Sect was asking something from Fang Yuan, thus their attitude was obviously nicer than usual.


 After making these two deals, Fang Yuan used the immortal essence stones in his possession to buy some hairy man slaves from treasure yellow heaven, replenishing the ones that had died from refining Gu.


 The price of hairy man slaves was not cheap.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal essence stones had just been replenished, but after this, they were all gone again.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had quite a bit of green grape immortal essence now, he was much safer than before.


 Even though he bought the hairy man slaves, Fang Yuan was only replenishing his earlier losses, he could not expand the scale of the stone nests.


 Because of the deal with Spirit Affinity House, the guts Gu trade had increased in quantity.


 Using two stone nests, Fang Yuan could not accommodate the demand of the market. He planned to accumulate a portion of immortal essence stones and build a fourth stone nest, as well as getting enough hairy man slaves to fill them up.


 The lack of funds was quite serious, Fang Yuan’s third stone nest was built using the funds that Hei Lou Lan provided.


 But with Star Form blessed land’s assistance, and Star Lord Wan Xiang’s many businesses of Gu insect transactions, Fang Yuan managed to save quite a sum of immortal essence stones.


 This caused the time that Fang Yuan needed to accumulate funds to shrink.


 Fang Yuan accumulated immortal essence stones as he used the light of wisdom to undergo deductions.


 A month later in Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan successfully fused change form Immortal Gu into vaguely familiar face. Using the attainment level of a strength path grandmaster, Fang Yuan successfully deduced the rank five recipe of all-out effort Gu.


 Unlike an ancient Gu recipe, Fang Yuan’s deduction made use of Gu refinement materials that could be easily found in the world at present.


 All-out effort Gu was the vital Gu of Fang Yuan’s immortal second aperture, all along it had been rank four, its rank was much lower than Fang Yuan himself.


 With this Gu recipe, Fang Yuan had a new task, that was to refine all-out effort Gu.


 After failing once, all-out effort Gu reached rank five.


 “If I can raise all-out effort Gu into rank six, then the boost to myriad self’s power would be huge, it would only be inferior to that of self strength Immortal Gu. Unfortunately, such a thing is beyond my capabilities.”


 After this successful attempt, Fang Yuan tried to deduce the Gu recipe of small family qi Gu.


 The result was utter failure!


 Fang Yuan’s qi path attainment was only at ordinary level, he was not even a quasi-master, this was a very understandable result.



***
Chapter 864 - Sacred Feather City’s Shocking Change


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sky was slightly green, the wind that would not stop in all four seasons was blowing gently.


 In this small world, a huge city was floating in the sky.


 This was a home for feathermen, it was known as the city in the sky to others, but these feathermen called it Sacred Feather City.


 At this moment, rainbow flags were hanging in Sacred Feather City, cheers and shouts could be heard everywhere.


 Most of the feathermen in the city had gathered around the battle arena in the city, they were watching an important match.


 The featherman king had passed away, according to their customs, it was time to select the new featherman king through battles.


 Of course, to be a candidate in fighting for the position, one needed to be acknowledged by most of the feathermen in the city.


 The feathermen did not want a fierce or tyrannical ruler, they wanted a compassionate hero.


 Thus, the feathermen who were fighting for the position of king had great reputation, they were people who had done good deeds or made immense contributions to Sacred Feather City.


 In most cases, the evaluation of the citizens was accurate. In the history of Sacred Feather City, very few evil and cruel feathermen were chosen to be king.


 Even if they were cruel and ruthless, there were three featherman supreme elders in Sacred Feather City, they were Gu Immortals who could control the situation.


 In the huge battle arena, tens of thousands of spectators were watching.


 The cheering was extremely loud, at the center of the arena, two youngsters were battling it out.


 “Yu Fei, give up. I am the prince of Sacred Feather City, I will inherit the throne and defend the honor of our Dan surname!” A tall and burly featherman youngster with golden hair sent his opponent flying time after time.


 This was the final match.


 The victor would become the new king of the feathermen.


 From the current situation, one could see that the handsome featherman prince had the advantage. He was flying in the sky, with rank five cultivation level, he used his Gu worms and attacked from a long range.


 His opponent was a young featherman with short black hair, he was thin and sprinted on the ground, he rolled around at times to evade the featherman prince’s attacks.


 “Dan Yu! Dan Yu!” The spectators were shouting the featherman prince’s name, their cheers were in unison as they became louder and louder.


 The situation was very obvious now.


 Prince Dan Yu had a huge advantage, while his opponent, the poor lad Yu Fei, was taking a beating without any way to fight back.


 Yu Fei’s body was covered in dirt, he looked pathetic, like a rat jumping around on the arena.


 Meanwhile, Dan Yu was high and mighty, his attacks were very tactical and grand, it was more in line with the expectations of the people towards their king.


 “You want me to admit defeat, that is impossible! I, Yu Fei, am the man destined to become king!!” Suddenly, Yu Fei shouted, he burst forth with strength. His legs launched from the ground as he flew up like an arrow, towards Dan Yu.


 “What? You still had strength left!” Dan Yu retreated anxiously.


 Yu Fei jumped into the air, seeing that he was about to get close to Dan Yu, he had no choice but to descend as Dan Yu quickly flew back in vigilance.


 “Yu Fei, your wings were broken by me, you still want to resist?” Dan Yu looked at Yu Fei who was falling down, he laughed coldly and mocked with some lingering fear.


 But Yu Fei raised his head, his eyes were shining brightly: “It is not over yet, look at my killer move — Inflated Balloon!”


 At the next instant, Yu Fei opened his mouth, sucking in a huge amount of air.


 Almost instantly, lots of air was sucked into his stomach, his body inflated and became a fat balloon.


 Yu Fei started to float up like a balloon.


 The audience was silent for a few breaths of time, before bursting into laughter.


 Yu Fei’s balloon mode was simply too funny.


 Even Dan Yu was stunned before relaxing: “This is truly your style, Yu Fei. But being a clown will not allow you to become the featherman king! It is time to lose, killer move — Blade Wind Strong Slash!”


 Dan Yu’s eyes were sharp, his arms were raised up as he made a cutting motion with them in the sky, two translucent blades that resembled wind blades flew towards Yu Fei at an extremely fast speed.


 Yu Fei was still slowly ascending.


 Much of the audience shouted in surprise, they knew the power of blade wind strong slash after watching the battle for so long, if this hit landed, Yu Fei would definitely be heavily injured or dead, his stomach would be sliced apart.


 But at this moment, Yu Fei, who was in danger, had a brilliant light shining in his eyes, he had found a chance to overturn the situation!


 He suddenly opened his mouth, a strong current blew out of his mouth as he gained some thrust.


 Yu Fei’s speed rose rapidly, he shot towards Dan Yu.


 “This is?” Dan Yu was shocked.


 Yu Fei’s body quickly shrunk, he narrowly dodged the two blades from blade wind strong slash agilely.


 Dan Yu wanted to retreat, but his speed was inferior.


 “Where are you trying to go? If you are a man, fight me with your fists, we will engage in a physical fight!” Yu Fei shouted, his body spun around in the air, eventually, his legs grabbed onto Dan Yu.


 Killer move — Coiling Tree Vines!


 Yu Fei shouted internally, his legs turned soft, like old tree vines, he coiled around Dan Yu’s waist.


 Dan Yu could not break free, he activated his defensive Gu worm out of reflex.


 Killer move — Crane Crossing Neck!


 Yu Fei’s head suddenly turned into a crane’s head, his long neck coiled around Dan Yu’s neck like a long chain, he gripped tightly as his beak stabbed at Dan Yu.


 Ding!


 The bird beak hit Dan Yu’s head, there was some sparks like he had hit strong steel.


 Although Dan Yu was not injured, this heavy blow was hard to endure, he was feeling dizzy.


 Killer move — Six-nine Great Windmill!


 Yu Fei saw a chance and his head turned back to normal, making use of this, he leaned back exaggeratedly and his head was buried in between Dan Yu’s two legs, the two bodies spun around in the sky.


 The two bodies were tangled together, like a windmill, they rapidly approached the ground.


 The feathermen spectators shouted in shock.


 But the victim, Dan Yu, was hit with the killer move, he felt the world spinning as his mind was in chaos, he felt very dizzy and disoriented, he could not react.


 As they approached the ground, Yu Fei suddenly retreated.


 Only Dan Yu was left, crashing onto the ground.


 With a loud bang, he hit the ground head first, the brick floor broke and shards flew as his head was inserted into the ground, he lost consciousness.


 The entire arena was silent.


 They were all shocked by this unexpected result, nobody could say anything.


 There was only Yu Fei’s panting that could be heard.


 After a while, the hosting featherman elder gulped, he announced loudly: “The winner is Yu Fei, he is the new king of our clan!”


 “Yes! I am finally the featherman king, I succeeded!!” Yu Fei raised his arms in the air, shouting excitedly.


 The audience finally reacted, they cheered loudly and applauded, someone shouted: “Yu Fei! Yu Fei!”


 The shouting of Yu Fei’s name became louder and louder, more and more people joined in.


 Soon, in the entire arena, no, in the entirety of Sacred Feather City, chants of “Yu Fei, Yu Fei” could be heard.


 “Hahahaha, hahahahahaha...” The young Yu Fei placed his arms on his waist as he laughed with his head held high, he was very happy.


 But suddenly, he grimaced as he touched his wings with the back of his hand: “So painful, so painful.”


 At the other end, Dan Yu, who had fainted, was dug up from the ground by the healing Gu Masters, he was given medical swiftly.


 Deep within Sacred Feather City, three featherman Gu Immortals were half-asleep, they communicated with their drowsy divine senses.


 “This generation’s featherman king is quite unique, he is quite different from the other kings.”


 “Hehehe, he is an interesting fellow.”


 “It seems that he has quite the ambition, he wants to expand the territory of us feathermen. But after he becomes the featherman king, he should become more mature.”


 The three Gu Immortals conversed casually.


 According to past situations, after the new featherman king was chosen, he would bring much life and innovation to the peaceful Sacred Feather City.


 If there were no mishaps, Yu Fei would rule the feathermen in Sacred Feather City for hundreds of years.


 But at the next moment, before any of the feathermen could react, a huge mishap occurred.


 Boom!!!


 An astonishing explosive sound shook the entirety of Sacred Feather City.


 The feathermen in the city screamed, they quickly flew up.


 “Painful, painful, painful!” Yu Fei was caught off guard, he lost his balance and crashed onto the ground, rolling around in the process.


 “Quickly look, this, this is?!” The feathermen at the front saw something amiss, they pointed at the sky and stammered in fear, they could not speak.


 Immediately after, most of the feathermen raised their heads, they were shocked to find out that above them, in the green sky, there was a huge crack!


 From the crack, several figures descended like demonic gods.


 The three featherman Gu Immortals in Sacred Feather City had already reacted, they were startled to awareness as they flew towards the sky.


 They appeared to face the invading enemies while shouting to their feathermen citizens.


 “Be careful, there is a strong enemy attacking!!”


 “Quick, sound the alarms, defend our homeland!”


 “Gu Masters assemble, go to the formation cores and activate the defenses of Sacred Feather City!”


 The entire city was in chaos, fear was spreading.


 Sacred Feather City had been peaceful for too long, they had no competition with the outside world, it was like life inside a utopia. This caused their defenses to be very lax, and with the crowning of a new king, the non-militarized feathermen could not respond properly.


 “All of you, why are you here without any invitations?”


 “Please leave.”


 “We feathermen love peace and do not like conflict, but we are not powerless!”


 The three featherman Gu Immortals had solemn expressions as they warned the strong invading foes.


 The invaders did not speak, most of their attentions were focused on their leader.


 This leading Gu Immortal was an old and skinny man, he was barefooted in the sky. There was a white cloth on his head, there were also white bandages on his forearms and legs.


 The elderly Gu Immortal’s gaze was deep as he stared at the three featherman Gu Immortals, he next sent his gaze behind them, towards Sacred Feather City.


 “Attack now.” The elderly Gu Immortal said plainly.


 “Yes, Lord White Sea Shatuo!” The other Gu Immortals responded together.


 Battle erupted.


 There were three featherman Gu Immortals, one rank seven, and two rank sixes, even though they were strong, they could not match up against their enemies.


 The intense battle lasted for three days and two nights, one of the featherman Gu Immortals died while two were injured, they could only use Sacred Feather City to defend themselves.


 Sacred Feather City was a huge Immortal Gu House!


 Using the power of the Immortal Gu House, they could resist the attacks of White Sea Shatuo and the others.



***
Chapter 865 - Heavenly Wish


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rumble...


 The explosions had been ongoing for three days and two nights.


 White Sea Shatuo’s group did not stop attacking for even a moment.


 Countless mortal killer moves, mixed in with some immortal killer moves, slammed onto the Immortal Gu House, Sacred Feather City.


 Sacred Feather City shook intensely, more than half of its troops had already died, despair was spreading.


 “Our loss is imminent, we should try and break out of their siege!” A Featherman Gu Immortal, Zhou Zhong, suggested.


 “Sacred Feather City has already been immobilized by their methods, without this Immortal Gu House, how can we break out?” The other featherman Gu Immortal, Zheng Ling, asked in return.


 There were three Gu Immortals in Sacred Feather City, one had already died, only the rank seven Gu Immortal, Zheng Ling, and the rank six Zhou Zhong were left.


 “Lord Zheng Ling, the situation is critical, I will be frank.” Zhou Zhong’s expression was solemn: “Earlier, Sacred Feather City became encircled because you were not willing to give up this area, that was why the enemy had time to set up their arrangements. Now, if lord still refuses to cut our losses short and be decisive, we might lose our lives here! I am not afraid of dying, but there are countless innocent citizens in the city, they will perish too. Even if these enemies spare them, they will train them to become slaves, and they will have to serve those humans for life!”


 Zheng Ling heard these words and finally had a realization.


 He looked at Zhou Zhong, tears shined in his eyes as he said: “You are right, I was muddleheaded!”


 Zhou Zhong urged him: “Lord, I can understand your decision. Right now, the world is ruled by humans, we variant humans have no place to live in. This world is a fragment world of green heaven among the immemorial nine heavens, it is isolated from the outside world and is a paradise, we should not give up on it easily. But right now, we have no choice but to abandon it.”


 Zheng Ling frowned: “Right now, Sacred Feather City is being restricted, if we want to escape with our citizens, there is only one way.”


 Zhou Zhong agreed immediately: “That is right, we have to use the immortal killer move, heavenly wish!”


 Thus, an hour later, the remaining feathermen were summoned, gathering around the arena.


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, survive!”


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, gain freedom!”


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, have a place to live in the world!”


 Tens of thousands of feathermen shouted, under the guidance of Zhou Zhong and Zheng Ling, the entirety of Sacred Feather City started to shine in a pure white light.


 The light was a few meters tall initially, but it soon grew and reached dozens of meters.


 “Lord White Sea Shatuo, the other party is making a move, aren’t we doing anything to disrupt them?” A female Gu Immortal, Tang Yang Ran, asked.


 “No need to worry, I had predicted this situation already. What I want is this Immortal Gu House, they cannot take it away.” White Sea Shatuo explained as he ordered the rest of them: “Don’t stop attacking, just maintain the status quo, don’t interrupt them, let them escape.”


 Northern Plains, Tai Bai blessed land.


 The sky was clear like crystal, the ground was desolate.


 Accompanied by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Fang Yuan went on a tour of this high grade blessed land.


 This was not the first time Fang Yuan had come to Tai Bai blessed land, but this was the first time he came alongside Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Only after a Gu Immortal placed their immortal apertures down, would they be able to enter it themselves and manipulate it personally.


 Ordinarily, the immortal aperture was hidden within the Gu Immortal’s body. But when they placed the immortal aperture outside in the main world, the Gu Immortal would be inside the immortal aperture instead.


 Gu Immortals and their immortal apertures were a single entity. When the immortal aperture is placed outside, the Gu Immortal cannot leave the immortal aperture and move outside.


 Tai Bai blessed land was a high grade blessed land, it has a huge landmass of about four thousand seven hundred square kilometers. It had a lot of time path resources, one day in the outside world was thirty-three days inside.


 Of course, after Tai Bai blessed land was placed to absorb the heaven and earth qi of the outside world, it was connected to Northern Plains. The time flow had slowed down to twelve days.


 Tai Bai blessed land was well managed by Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Disregarding the float ball tea in the sky, or the jade peak bird group, there were large numbers of sky chief clouds that had flowers growing on them in the sky, sparrowhawks were flying around them.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already started building his third source of revenue.


 His first source of revenue was Landscape as Before. Repairing blessed lands for Gu Immortals, and repairing the landscape of the five regions, this was Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s greatest source of income, not only could it raise his wealth, he could also build relationships. It was essentially comparable with Fairy Li Shan’s mountain pledge Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s second source of revenue was the float ball tea. Each season, Tai Bai blessed land would produce a huge quantity of float ball tea grass.


 This tea grass could be sold to the market in Eastern Sea. With the help of Zombie Alliance’s Shark Demon immortal zombie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already entered their market. But this business had a competitive market, there was little profit. Each season’s gains was less than what Tai Bai Yun Sheng earned from helping other Gu Immortals repair their immortal apertures.


 “I plan to use luck path mortal Gu as my third income source. There are more than a hundred thousand sparrowhawks that migrated here, they have wild insects on them, and large numbers of cloud path mortal Gu would be produced from these insects. But all this will depend on my upcoming earthly calamity, if I pass it successfully, and my blessed land gains cloud path dao marks, that would be best.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng described his goals and expectations to Fang Yuan.


 Precisely because of this, he did not move the resources in his blessed land outside.


 It was to ‘draw out’ the corresponding earthly calamity, so that after the earthly calamity, Tai Bai blessed land could gain a number of cloud path dao marks.


 Fortune and disaster coexist.


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan helped Hu Immortal blessed land undergo the tribulation, he moved out almost all of the precious resources. In the end, he faced a blood path earthly calamity, and Hu Immortal blessed land gained blood path dao marks.


 If Fang Yuan did not move these resources away, there might have been a change, and other earthly calamities might have showed up. For example, fire path dao marks that suited the eerie fire dragon pythons, wisdom path dao marks that suited the regretful spiders, or water path dao marks that suited the dragonfish.


 The addition of these dao marks was very helpful for resources related to them.


 But there was a flaw in this.


 When the earthly calamity strikes, these precious resources would suffer great losses.


 In other words, loss now was for the benefit of the future, they were trying to gain long term profits.


 Of course, heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities did not always go as one wished. This was only a possibility. There was a chance that even if Fang Yuan kept these resources, the blood poison kerria flower earthly calamity would still come, in that case, his losses would be huge.


 After all, heaven’s will was unfathomable.


 Right now, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not move the resources away, he was trying to lure out the cloud path earthly calamity.


 Whether he could succeed or not was unknown, Fang Yuan was unsure as well, but he consoled him: “I had already used the killer move, time assist luck, on you before the earthly calamity, who knows, you might get what you wished for.”


 Speaking of which, the immortal killer move time assist luck had been modified during this period by Fang Yuan using the light of wisdom.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was gradually understanding what great use wisdom Gu truly had.


 Even though he could only use the light of wisdom, just that alone could push his cultivation journey ahead greatly.


 “Eh?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt something, his expression changed: “The earthly calamity is here.”


 The entirety of Tai Bai blessed land started to shake, large amounts of earth qi burst out from the ground, while small quantities of heaven qi drooped down from the sky.


 There was a burst of mystical light, as from within the profound light, the wishes and prayers of countless living beings could be heard.


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, survive!”


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, gain freedom!”


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, have a place to live in the world!”


 The mystical light disappeared, at the western part of the blessed land, there were tens of thousands of feathermen.


 “What earthly calamity is this?” Immediately, even Fang Yuan was shocked, he had never seen such a peculiar earthly calamity!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng fell into deep contemplation.


 “What place is this?” A featherman Gu Immortal, Zhou Zhong, looked around with an expression of vigilance.


 After using the immortal killer move heavenly wish, a strong force teleported all of the feathermen in Sacred Feather City away.


 An empty Sacred Feather City was left, White Sea Shatuo had great foresight, he obtained this Immortal Gu House without wasting much effort.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were flying over, the featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling’s expression changed: “Oh no! This is a certain human Gu Immortal’s blessed land! We were treated as an earthly calamity and were teleported here.”


 Zhou Zhong showed an expression of shock: “How can this be? Wouldn’t our enemies still be Gu Immortals?”


 “We are facing two rank six Gu Immortals, and one is an immortal zombie with bottom tier cultivation level. What are you afraid of?” Zheng Ling laughed loudly: “Kill them and we can obtain this small world. Just like what we wished, even though this place is inferior to the green heaven fragment world, it is enough for our tribe to live. Strike!”


 Zheng Ling said this as he flew out, when he was thousands of steps away from Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan, he pushed with his hands.


 Whoosh!


 Wind blew, a solid wind wall was formed, it pushed towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng with an imposing aura.


 This was an immortal killer move that Zheng Ling poured all his frustrations into. He was unable to do anything to White Sea Shatuo, he vented all of his frustrations towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Seeing the wind wall pressing at them, Fang Yuan pulled Tai Bai Yun Sheng behind him and snorted with disdain: “A pitiful trick.”


 Myriad Self First Style — Giant Hand!


 Rumble!


 The strength path giant hand pushed forth and destroyed the wind wall, then, with its remaining force, it slammed towards Zheng Ling.


 Zhou Zhong and Zheng Ling’s expressions changed, they looked at Fang Yuan’s giant hand like they were seeing a ghost.


 “What?”


 “Merely a bottom tier rank six immortal zombie, he actually has rank seven battle strength!”


 The two featherman Gu Immortals knew that they were facing a tough foe, Zheng Ling’s expression was very bitter. If this were to be normal times, he would not be afraid of Fang Yuan.


 But after an intense battle with White Sea Shatuo and the others, his battle strength had decreased by a lot.


 The rank six Zhou Zhong was in an even worse condition.


 “Hold on, we can talk this out. I was rash earlier and attacked, please forgive me for offending you!” Zheng Ling shouted: “We have our difficulties, we had no choice but to enter your blessed land.”


 He asked them to hold on, but Fang Yuan responded at lightning speed.


 Not only this, he summoned five strength path giant hands and encircled them.


 “Since you are here, don’t think of leaving.” Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed.



***
Chapter 866 - Scheming Against The Feathermen, Yu Feis Helplessness


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling had an ugly expression: “Sir, do you think we are fish on the chopping block? Why must you force us like this. It must have been tough for you to develop this blessed land, if we destroy all of these resources in battle, would it not be a waste?”


 “Are you threatening us?” Fang Yuan’s red eyes shined with a ruthless light.


 “Of course it is not a threat, but what we are saying is the truth, no?” Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong said.


 Fang Yuan laughed internally.


 If other Gu Immortals were threatened like this, they might be wary and fearful, these two featherman Gu Immortals might get their way, but they met Tai Bai Yun Sheng of all people.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Immortal Gu, Landscape as Before, was the perfect solution against their threat.


 The two featherman Gu Immortals did not know about the existence of landscape as before Immortal Gu, thus they said such words.


 According to Fang Yuan’s intentions, they should kill these two featherman Gu Immortals. But this was Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tribulation, Fang Yuan alone could not make the decision. And Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a kind old man, his nature was quite gentle and merciful.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not speak, he looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The two featherman Gu Immortals also looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, waiting for the person in question to respond.


 The mortal feathermen gazed at the sky with looks of awe, towards the four figures in the sky.


 Earlier, these mortal feathermen had heard the conversation between Fang Yuan and the featherman Gu Immortals clearly.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s decision was going to influence the fate of these tens of thousands of feathermen.


 Some feathermen were already praying internally, some were gritting their teeth, some were grimacing in pain.


 Yu Fei, who had just become the featherman king, clenched his fists, he stared at the sky fixedly. He was originally a commoner, he was not like Prince Dan Yu who knew a lot of secrets, this was the first time he had seen a Gu Immortal, he felt shock and at the same time, a deep sense of helplessness.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been deep in consideration since the feathermen appeared.


 A featherman calamity was something Tai Bai Yun Sheng had not expected.


 These were intelligent living beings that could talk. If Tai Bai Yun Sheng let these feathermen go, this earthly calamity would be over. If he did not, they would fight inside his immortal aperture, he might be able to recruit these feathermen, but there was a huge risk of losing resources if they fought, he could not weigh the pros and cons easily.


 But no matter what he chose, it was a huge decision.


 Just as Fang Yuan expected, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was quite wishy-washy, even though this was a critical moment, he could not decide.


 Seeing Fang Yuan gaze over, he also turned his head, seeking Fang Yuan’s opinion with his inquiring gaze.


 “Of course we will battle!” Fang Yuan immediately transmitted, replying firmly.


 “You have Immortal Gu Landscape as Before, you do not need to fear your immortal aperture suffering damage. The only losses are your float ball tea, sky chief clouds and other resources, these things cannot be restored using landscape as before Immortal Gu.”


 “But for this tribulation, you did not move these resources out, you were prepared to suffer losses anyway.”


 “Your main source of revenue is landscape as before Immortal Gu, these resources earn little profit, even if you lose them, you can start over again.”


 “These feathermen number in tens of thousands, they can be turned into slaves. Feathermen are born with cloud path dao marks, they are skilled at flying, all of the feathermen elites are flying masters! But these two featherman Gu Immortals cannot be allowed to live. Even if they do not primarily cultivate cloud path, killing them would get you a good number of cloud path dao marks, they can be added to your blessed land. Isn’t that what you want?”


 This was an extremely rare opportunity!


 The two featherman Gu Immortals were injured, they had no ways to escape from this place.


 As long as Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not open the doors, these feathermen were birds trapped in a cage.


 Once he killed the two featherman Gu Immortals, their immortal apertures would fall into Tai Bai blessed land. This was an extremely rare situation.


 When a Gu Immortal dies and leaves behind their immortal aperture, the immortal aperture would become an isolated blessed land and absorb heaven and earth qi from the world.


 Just like earlier, after Fang Yuan took Star Lord Wan Xiang’s corpse, he purposely went into a deep part of Earth Abyss to place it down. The result was, after placing it down, the blessed land took in a huge amount of earth qi, but very little heaven qi, because of the drawing in of earth qi, it resulted in an intense tremor in Earth Abyss.


 If the featherman Gu Immortals died, their immortal apertures would fall into Tai Bai blessed land, they would take in heaven and earth qi.


 But Tai Bai blessed land was different from the five regions, this place was completely under Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s control, the heaven and earth qi could not be extracted without his permission.


 If the immortal aperture could not turn into a separate blessed land, what would happen?


 There were records of this, in such situations, the immortal aperture would be destroyed, all of the resources inside the immortal aperture would be decimated with it.


 But all of the dao marks inside the immortal aperture would be left behind, fusing into the outside world.


 And this outside world was Tai Bai blessed land.


 As has been mentioned before, dao marks were extremely precious, because there was a huge cost to obtain them.


 Even if the entire blessed land was wrecked, if Tai Bai Yun Sheng could obtain all of the dao marks of the two featherman Gu Immortals, this would definitely be a huge profit for him no matter what!


 Fang Yuan secretly transmitted, adding another sentence: “Old Bai, is your kindness acting up again, you want to pass up on such a great opportunity?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression became firmer, he made up his mind, he transmitted: “Don’t worry! Feathermen are variant humans, they are not humans like us. Since that is the case, and we’re on opposing sides, let’s battle and kill them! As for these featherman captives, I will treat them kindly.”


 After making up his mind, he was about to strike, but Fang Yuan secretly told him to stop: “Hold on, this is a great opportunity, how can we fight just like this? Let’s probe them first.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng knew about Fang Yuan’s craftiness, he replied: “Then I will have to trouble you.”


 The conversation between these two only lasted for a moment in the real world.


 Fang Yuan looked at the featherman Gu Immortals, he started his deception: “It is not that we cannot let you go, but you have to leave behind these mortal feathermen, they will become our slaves!”


 The two sides spoke openly without concealing anything, Fang Yuan’s words immediately attracted an intense commotion from the tens of thousands of feathermen.


 “What? He wants us to become their slaves?”


 “Losing freedom is like losing our wings!”


 “No, even if I die, I will not become a slave of humans!”


 “Don’t worry, we have our Gu Immortal ancestors, they will not give up on us.”


 “That is impossible!” The two featherman Gu Immortals had a determined expression, they immediately denied it.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised.


 Groups of variant humans were more united than humans. Dong Fang Chang Fan schemed against his own tribesmen for his own sake, this would be much more unlikely with variant humans.


 Man is the spirit of all livings beings, they have the highest intelligence, as well as complex thoughts. Variant humans however, have lower intelligence and purer minds, they were not as wicked and scheming as humans.


 Of course, this had much to do with the situation of the different races now.


 Right now, humans ruled the five regions, they were the strongest. It was hard for variant humans to survive, they were ostracized and suppressed by humans, there were few variant human groups that had precious resources.


 No matter which region it was, variant human slaves were sold in the market.


 Among the races, humans held absolute dominance, while variant humans were definitely the weaker side.


 As the weaker side, if they wanted to survive, they needed to stay united and help each other, that was the only way to withstand external pressure.


 Thus, the two Gu Immortals were unwilling to give up the mortal feathermen, they had a firm attitude, this was within Fang Yuan’s expectations, he could tell that they were very determined!


 Fang Yuan quickly made a transmission, Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed an expression of feeling angered and offended, he repeated the words Fang Yuan transmitted to him: “Hmph! You feathermen barged into my blessed land for no reason, this is an invasion! Not only did you invade my blessed land, you attacked us and threatened us, now you want to leave? How can you not pay a price for this? Of course, you can fight your way out with these feathermen. If you are strong enough, I will treat this as my bad luck! But if that is not the case, I will make sure to take good care of you all!”


 How could the two featherman Gu Immortals have such strength left?


 If they did, why would they bother using words to converse with Fang Yuan?


 Even though they could still use the immortal killer move heavenly wish.


 But without the protection of the Immortal Gu House, Sacred Feather City, not only did heavenly wish need a huge amount of immortal essence, it also needed a lot of time to activate.


 Under such a situation, it was basically impossible to replicate their act of escaping earlier.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was unwilling to relent, Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong had no choice but to emphasize on the importance of the immortal aperture again. If they really fought, both sides would lose out.


 “If we avoid direct combat and focus on dealing damage to your blessed land, at some point, the blessed land would face destruction and attract the winds of assimilation, that would be a bad ending for all of us.” Zhou Zhong said with a threatening tone.


 They did not know about the existence of Landscape as Before.


 With Landscape as Before, wherever the blessed land got damaged, it could be fixed. It would never reach a point where the winds of assimilation are summoned.


 Under Fang Yuan’s guidance, Tai Bai Yun Sheng flew into a rage: “You dare threaten me? Battle it shall be! What am I afraid of? You think I am a coward? I can take you down anytime!” He showed the demeanor of a battle maniac that could not keep his cool.


 Fang Yuan showed a wary expression, but refused to relent, he wanted to negotiate more.


 His actions gave the two featherman Gu Immortals hope that they could leave peacefully.


 After the two sides negotiated for a long time, Zheng Ling was the first to relent, he suggested that Fang Yuan’s side could be compensated with a huge sum of immortal essence stones.


 Among the two of them, Zhou Zhong was acting as the aggressive party, while Zheng Ling was acting as the peaceful party, they cooperated with much coordination.


 Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, as Tai Bai Yun Sheng got the hint and rolled his eyes: How could this amount of immortal essence stones compare to tens of thousands of feathermen? Fight, fight, they could win at any time!


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had coordination that was not inferior to the other two.


 On the ground, the feathermen were in a chaotic state. They were angered and yet helpless and anguished, this was a cruel world, this was the misery of the weak.


 Yu Fei shouted at the sky: “Enough! Even if we die, we will not become lowly slaves!”


 The feeling of being treated as livestock while they were used as bargaining chips in a negotiation was horrible.


 “Shut up! Don’t go and antagonize existences like Gu Immortals. You are the new featherman king, you have to think of the clan first. By taunting the Gu Immortals like this, are you trying to drive our clan into the abyss?” Dan Yu scolded.


 “Damn it, damn it!” Yu Fei gritted his teeth, his fists were clenched as his veins surfaced, he listened to Dan Yu’s words and fell into silence.


 To Yu Fei, the change in circumstances happened too quickly, and too suddenly.


 He who aspired to become the featherman king had achieved his goal. But this high and mighty position that he had dreamed of, was so tiny and weak at this moment.


 Gu Immortals were really too powerful compared to mortals.


 No matter how hot-blooded he was, no matter how he risked his life, that gap in battle strength could not be breached.



***
Chapter 867 - Squashing a Rank Seven Gu Immortal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Zheng Ling suggested compensating with immortal essence stones, though Tai Bai Yun Sheng rejected him, Fang Yuan pretended to think about it: “We want featherman slaves, but you are only offering immortal essence stones. This conflict cannot be resolved. How about this, let’s take a step back and decide with our strength.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s attitude was firm, he showed the attitude of a battle maniac. During the conversation, he had been taunting them by saying ‘I can take you down at any time’ several times.


 If Shark Demon and the others who were familiar with Tai Bai Yun Sheng were here, they would think that this Tai Bai Yun Sheng was an imposter.


 Zhou Zhong and Zheng Ling exchanged glances.


 It was hard to talk to the battle maniac Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but it seemed like the immortal zombie, Fang Yuan, was in charge of the decision making.


 This was not strange to the featherman Gu Immortals, after all, Fang Yuan showed rank seven battle strength earlier.


 The two communicated secretly, they both felt that: Fang Yuan was much easier to talk to than Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he was more reasonable.


 “The other party is an immortal zombie, his immortal aperture cannot produce immortal essence, that’s why he has a careful nature. We have to make use of this trait. But this blessed land belongs that that damned old man.”


 “This old man has quite a fiery temper at this age, it seems his battle strength cannot be underestimated, be vigilant!”


 “Forget it, the situation is in their favor now, let’s listen to what the immortal zombie has to suggest.”


 The two featherman Gu Immortals analyzed this situation, it seemed to them that it was a reasonable understanding of it.


 But what they did not know was that they had fallen into the trap that Fang Yuan had specially made for them.


 “Please speak.” After discussing, Zhou Zhong said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan spoke: “In the world of Gu Immortals, benefits are the most important thing, it is decided by battle strength. We will hold ten duels, for every duel we win, you will split ten percent of the feathermen to us, but for each that we lose, we will accept only a sum of immortal essence stones as compensation.”


 Zhou Zhong was unwilling, he shouted: “Be it winning or losing, you are benefiting from it!”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly and did not reply.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng started howling: “Why are you complaining? If you don’t want this, let’s fight! My fists are itching to hit something, I can take you down at any time! If you dare to destroy my immortal aperture, I will slaughter these mortal feathermen first, in the worst case, we go down together, who is afraid of who?”


 He showed the perfect example of a brainless battle maniac.


 Zhou Zhong and Zheng Ling ignored him completely, showing an expression of not wanting to stoop to his level of intelligence.


 The two started to discuss their decisions using transmissions.


 Fang Yuan pressured them at the right timing: “If you do not agree to this, we will have to battle.”


 These words made the the hearts of these two feathermen immortals jump.


 They understood clearly that in the current situation, sacrifice was unavoidable, the most logical decision was to minimize their losses.


 Eventually, Zheng Ling nodded, agreeing to the duels. But he had a precondition, they had to use the information path immortal killer move that they had to form an agreement, similar to mountain pledge Gu, as the restriction on both parties.


 Regardless of the result, after ten duels, Fang Yuan’s side was not to cause problems for the feathermen, they had to open the door and let everyone else leave, without any form of obstruction.


 The feathermen actually had such an information path killer move, their foundation was quite deep, Fang Yuan was fairly surprised.


 To start things off, the Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong entered the stage for the first duel.


 On Fang Yuan’s side, Tai Bai Yun Sheng went to battle, he was oozing with battle intent as he showed a bloodthirsty expression, he shouted: “Come, I will take you down in just a moment!”


 Zhou Zhong really was fooled by his demeanor, after all, he was only a variant human, their intelligence was inferior to humans.


 Most importantly, Zhou Zhong had his reservations, he did not want to sacrifice his clansmen.


 He did not want any feathermen to lose their freedom and become the slaves of humans. Thus, he chose his specialty for the duel.


 “What, you want to compete in flying speed alone?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked.


 “According to the agreement, we are the first to decide what type of duel it is, are you going back on your words?”


 “Hmph, I will let you decide this time!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed an upset and irritated expression.


 The result of this duel was obvious.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng only had a mortal killer move for flying. The other party not only had wings, they even had an immortal killer move specially used for movement.


 After seeing the results, the feathermen on the ground erupted into loud cheers.


 After all, their freedom was at stake, they could have became slaves, they were very nervous when they watched the duel.


 “Here are your immortal essence stones.” Zhou Zhong laughed loudly, he handed the dozen immortal essence stones to Tai Bai Yun Sheng in a proud manner.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng received them with a gloomy expression, but he was filled with admiration towards Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan is truly good at scheming. The other party paid immortal essence stones but they are acting like this was a huge victory for them. I am inferior to him!”


 In the first duel, Fang Yuan lost.


 Fang Yuan went for the second duel, because he had rank seven battle strength, the featherman Gu Immortals did not dare to be careless, they sent the stronger Gu Immortal Zheng Ling to duel him.


 Fang Yuan suggested: “We will compete using speed.”


 Zheng Ling’s expression froze for a second before he agreed.


 Fang Yuan lost this duel very quickly as well.


 Zheng Ling also had an immortal killer move, his speed was twice as fast as that of Zhou Zhong.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had three pairs of true solid bat wings, they were all desolate beast wings. But in this duel, he did not manage to activate the iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu at all, thus he had no hopes of winning.


 Third duel, fourth duel, fifth duel...


 Duels after duels, Fang Yuan’s side had no victories, while the featherman Gu Immortals were winning with zero losses, the results were one-sided.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression became uglier in the process.


 The two featherman Gu Immortals had confident and lax expressions. They were starting to realize that their enemies were all bark and no bite, they were just putting up a front.


 For example, the immortal zombie Fang Yuan was only rank seven in terms of attack. He only had mortal killer moves for defense, along with his immortal zombie body’s defense. In terms of healing, he only had the basic recovery ability of an immortal zombie. As for movement and investigative methods, he did not have immortal killer moves.


 Meanwhile, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very rash and haughty, but in terms of battle strength, he was a mess. He only used mortal killer moves.


 The two featherman Gu Immortals felt like they had been scammed!


 “It turns out that these two are so weak, if we had known this, we would’ve fought from the start.”


 “Sigh, humans are the most skilled at scheming. We have already used the information path immortal killer move and restricted ourselves, we can only leave this place and cannot attack.”


 “Thinking about it, we were too stunned by the earlier human Gu Immortal invaders. Due to the foundation of our Sacred Feather City, we are superior to most human Gu Immortals. The two of them are quite impressive, but they are not our match at all.”


 Like this, the two featherman Gu Immortals won nine rounds, only the last duel was left.


 No matter what happened in this duel, after it ended, Fang Yuan’s side would not be able to obstruct the feathermen due to the agreement, he had to let them leave.


 On the ground, cheers of victory were already resounding.


 The new featherman king, Yu Fei, had a better expression now. His eyes were shining brightly as he looked at the two Gu Immortals of the featherman clan, he had another grand ambition now.


 “I’ve decided! As long as I become a Gu Immortal, I would become a true man. I must become a Gu Immortal, even if I need to give up being king, I will become a Gu Immortal!!”


 Fang Yuan took a step forward as his voice turned very cold: “This is the final duel, all four of us will fight in a battle of attack and defense. I will attack and you will defend for the first round, and you will attack while I defend for the following round. Our partner can only use healing methods, when one side is unable to continue, they will lose.”


 Zhou Zhong and Zheng Ling exchanged glances, they frowned as they realized something amiss.


 Fang Yuan was making the dueling rules to complete display their advantage. Meanwhile, Zheng Ling and Zhou Zhong could not object to this duel request, they could only accept it.


 “In this case, the tenth duel is the hardest one of all.”


 “This is the final round, after we win, we will be able to protect all of the feathermen and leave safely!”


 The two Gu Immortal conversed mentally as they went forth to battle.


 “Sir, please attack.” Zheng Ling took a step forward, saying.


 Fang Yuan did not speak, he was a thousand steps away from Zheng Ling, he grabbed towards the other party.


 Rumble!


 A strength path giant hand tore through space and grabbed at Zheng Ling fiercely.


 Zheng Ling suppressed his instinct to dodge, he activated his defensive killer move as a suit of armor made of light appeared on his body.


 The armor looked very real, it blocked the strength path giant hand.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, he had already seen this armor made of light in the fourth duel, it was a light path defensive immortal killer move.


 “Blocked!” Zhou Zhong shouted happily: “It is time for us to strike!”


 Fang Yuan scoffed: “Sir, are you forming a conclusion so quickly? My attack is not an instantaneous type, but a sustained attack, I have not ended my attack yet.”


 “It is okay, sir can continue attacking.” Zheng Ling said in a low voice. In the duels earlier, Fang Yuan had attacked as well, Zheng Ling felt that he could block myriad self giant hand completely.


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan showed a ruthless smile as Zheng Ling’s expression changed.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had been hiding his strength, only using one core Immortal Gu. Now, he used all of his core Immortal Gu at once.


 The strength path giant hand was breaking the light path defensive method, as creaking sounds could be heard.


 “Oh no, at this rate, Lord Zheng Ling will become meat paste.” Zhou Zhong was shocked.


 “Zheng Ling, consider it well, my giant hand is only an attack, it cannot restrict your movement. But if you break out of it now, you will be breaking our agreement. In that case, you will be violating our earlier agreement, and the duels will be voided.” Fang Yuan scoffed.


 “Damn it! I’ll go all out!!” Zheng Ling shouted angrily, he activated another defensive killer move, it was an immortal killer move!


 Two immortal killer moves stacked together, blocking the strength path giant hand.


 At this point, both parties fell into a deadlock again.


 “Indeed, he is just a rank six immortal zombie, how can he fight a drawn out battle with Lord Zheng Ling?” Zhou Zhong calmed down.


 But a moment later, Fang Yuan was still full of vigor, while Zheng Ling was starting to get anxious, he was unable to hold on.


 “Oh no! The other party must be using our immortal essence stones and converting it into immortal essence! In contrast, we have lost a lot of our foundation after an intense battle, so we are the first to run out of immortal essence!”


 Realizing the reason, Zhou Zhong felt an immense anger and melancholy, it was hard to describe with words.


 At the same time, he started to fluster: “What shall we do now? If I want to help him, I can only use healing methods, otherwise, we would be violating the duel agreement, and the earlier duels would be voided!”


 He was there physically, but he felt like he was miles away, Zhou Zhong was helpless. The trap that Fang Yuan had created painstakingly was taking effect.


 At times, your former achievements would be the greatest obstacle for you to achieve greater success!


 If they won this round, they would obtain complete victory!


 They would save all of the feathermen and bring them to safety!


 They were one duel away, just one duel. If they violated the rules, all of it would be nullified.


 This mentality made Zheng Ling choose to continue holding on, and Zhou Zhong was full of sweat and worried, but he could not interfere.


 “It is over.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, seven other strength path giant hands flew out.


 The strength path giant hands slammed at the feathermen on the ground with overwhelming force.


 “What are you doing?!” Zhou Zhong howled, he was like a furious dragon whose scales were plucked.


 “Don’t fall into his trap, he is trying to lure you into attacking so that you will break the rules. The other part is at his wits’ end, we need to continue enduring.” Zheng Ling shouted.


 Zhou Zhong was stunned, his gaze towards Fang Yuan changed: “Aren’t immortal zombie slow in cognition? Why is this guy so scheming!”


 While he was stunned, Fang Yuan approached Zheng Ling and spat at him.


 Immortal killer move — Poison Spit!


 This was a modified immortal killer move that originated from harboring malicious heart, using woman’s heart Immortal Gu as the core. Since Fang Yuan had obtained it, he had been keeping it secret, this was the first time he was using it.


 Zheng Ling was caught off guard, he was poisoned by this immediately.


 He had a method to heal himself, of course, but at this moment, his mind was distracted and he reacted a moment more slowly, by the time he was going to detoxify himself, the poison was already very deep.


 The moment of life and death was often decided in an instant.


 “Unscrupulous...” Zheng Ling stared at Fang Yuan fixedly, this was his last word.


 With a loud thud, he lost control and was squashed into meat paste by the strength path giant hands.


 “Lord Zheng Ling!!!” Zhou Zhong screamed in fury.


 Everything happened too quickly, by the time Zhou Zhong reacted, it was too late. He did not have an Immortal Gu like Man as Before.


 Fang Yuan attacked Zhou Zhong with his other strength path giant hands.


 “You cannot defend, attack or dodge. Don’t forget, according to this duel’s rules, you can only use healing methods.” Fang Yuan shouted.


 Zhou Zhong heard this and his eyes almost popped out, he was going to spit out blood from anger!


 How would he fight like that?!


 He would have to retaliate, dodge, or defend himself, but all those violated the rules, it would nullify all of their past wins!


 On his side, the one in charge of attacking and defending, Zheng Ling, was dead, he could only use healing methods now.


 But once the strength path giant hands grabbed him, he would be killed on the spot, no healing techniques were going to save him.


 Even if Fang Yuan could not kill him and he could heal himself, he could not retaliate, that was against the rules, Fang Yuan was assured to win!


 This was truly bullying the feathermen!!


 At this moment, looking at Zhou Zhong’s dazed expression, even Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed a look of pity and sympathy.



***
Chapter 868 - Gu Immortal Slave


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 At the moment between life and death, the remaining Gu Immortal, Zhou Zhong, had a burst of inspiration, he realized the most direct way to change the current situation.


 “I admit defeat!” He shouted.


 Fang Yuan’s attacks came to a stop.


 Zhou Zhong was breathing roughly, in just a moment, he was drenched in sweat.


 The tens of thousands of feathermen on the ground reacted after a while, they shouted in shock.


 In just moments, the rank seven Gu Immortal of the feathermen died, and Zhou Zhong had no choice but to admit defeat!


 Fang Yuan’s meticulous plotting showed its ruthless effect, the feathermen paired a heavy price, they lost terribly.


 This was a completely different situation from earlier, the difference was like of heaven and earth, it was no wonder that the feathermen were shocked.


 Zhou Zhong’s expression was pale, he felt some trepidation internally as he spoke: “I lost, according to the agreement, the ten duels are over, we are going to leave this place.”


 His gaze towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng was filled with deep hatred and anger.


 The other party killed the featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling, but now, Zhou Zhong had insufficient strength, he could not exact revenge.


 How could he take revenge?


 If Zheng Ling was still alive, if he collaborated with Zhou Zhong, they would definitely suppress Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 This was the truth.


 Zheng Ling and Zhou Zhong had very deep foundations, out of Fang Yuan’s expectations. They might not have many Immortal Gu, but they had deduced many immortal killer moves. These immortal killer moves encompassed attack, defense, movement, healing, and investigation, they did not have any apparent shortfalls.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng used mostly mortal killer moves. If they really fought, it would be hard for them to gain any advantage as they would be inferior in these aspects.


 Of course, this was Tai Bai blessed land, Fang Yuan’s side had the territorial advantage.


 But do not forget, blessed lands could not restrict Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves.


 Thus, Zhou Zhong could only suppress his anger as well as the desire to take revenge, he decided to not settle the score with Fang Yuan for now, the urgent matter now was to escape and find a new place to live with his clansmen.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not stop him from making that request.


 The reason was simple.


 They had used the information path immortal killer move earlier.


 Once Fang Yuan’s side did something that violates the agreement, they would face a harsh backlash, they would die on the spot.


 Fang Yuan was not like Fairy Li Shan, he did not have a time path killer move like ‘delay’ with him.


 Thus, he could not break the agreement.


 In fact, Zhou Zhong was very conscious of this, he was hoping that Fang Yuan would violate the agreement.


 If that happens, the enemies would be wiped out, and this blessed land would become the feathermen’s property. Regarding the condition for ownership from Tai Bai land spirit, that would be something to think about later.


 Of course, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not attack, they also could not summon outsiders like Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan to interfere.


 Even though the feathermen did not have the intelligence of humans, such an obvious loophole would still be handled.


 If Fang Yuan summoned reinforcements, he would be violating the agreement, he would die.


 “Indeed, the ten duels have ended, according to our earlier agreement, we have to open the doors and let the remaining feathermen leave.” Fang Yuan nodded, saying to Zhou Zhong: “Don’t worry, we won’t go back on our words.”


 “Good.” Zhou Zhong let out a breath of cloudy air, he felt much regret towards Fang Yuan’s act of keeping his word.


 “But...” Fang Yuan’s words shifted.


 “But what?” Zhou Zhong looked at him nervously.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly: “We won the tenth duel, according to the rules, I can choose slaves from among the feathermen on the ground, and the rest will be allowed to leave.”


 Zhou Zhong sighed, he looked at the clansmen on the ground, feeling very complicated, his fingers were stabbing into his flesh.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng descended as they started picking slaves from among these feathermen.


 The feathermen were flustered, they were afraid of getting chosen.


 “Don’t move, let me choose properly.” Fang Yuan purposely shouted.


 The feathermen were even more fearful now, they were like chicks in front of an eagle.


 “Mm, this girl is not bad.” Fang Yuan pretended to think about it, he beckoned with his finger as a young girl was restrained by a formless force, pulled towards him from the featherman group.


 “No, I don’t want to!” The featherman girl’s eyes oozed with tears of helplessness.


 “Let go of my fiancée!!” A young featherman charged up before any of the feathermen could stop him.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a ruthless light, he snorted: “Courting death.”


 He did not make any evident movements, but the featherman youngster, who was merely a rank two Gu Master, froze in the air as he was flying, his face distorted as his body went into spasms.


 At the next moment, he fell onto the ground.


 Even though he was caught by the surrounding feathermen, blood was running rampant in his entire body, his seven orifices were bursting with blood, he was going to die.


 “What did you do?!” Zhou Zhong was furious, he landed on the ground and pressed on the featherman youngster’s chest, healing him personally.


 The featherman youngster was hit by Fang Yuan’s blood path methods, his blood ran wild and spurt outside.


 But with Zhou Zhong’s suppression, the attack was resolved and the featherman youngster’s life was saved.


 Zhou Zhong raised his head and looked at Fang Yuan, his expression was dark: “Sir, you attacked a mortal, that is insulting to the status of a Gu Immortal. And I remember that in the agreement, you are not to freely attack or kill our feathermen!”


 Fang Yuan shrugged: “Gu Immortals have their status, but even more than that, their authority is not to be offended. I did not violate the agreement, he was the one who had intentions to attack me. It is stated in the agreement clearly that if the mortal feathermen attempt to attack me, I have the rights to kill them. Isn’t that right?”


 Zhou Zhong could not reply to this.


 In terms of playing around rules, Fang Yuan was much stronger than him.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Don’t worry, I will not violate the agreement.”


 Zhou Zhong gritted his teeth, his eyes were spewing fire.


 “Then I will choose you as my next slave, Zhou Zhong.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan pointed at Zhou Zhong, he showed a smile, like his scheme had succeeded.


 “What, what did you say?!” At this moment, Zhou Zhong almost thought that he was hearing things.


 He wanted a Gu Immortal to become his slave?


 How could this be possible?!


 Zhou Zhong looked at Fang Yuan in disbelief, did the other party go crazy?


 Fang Yuan said with a smile: “Zhou Zhong, did you forget? Our agreement was, as long as my side wins, I can choose a portion of these feathermen on the ground and make them into my slaves.”


 Fang Yuan placed an emphasis on the words ‘on the ground’.


 Zhou Zhong felt like a thunderbolt had struck him, he was stunned on the spot, not moving at all.


 The surrounding feathermen were no longer flustered and jumping around, they were frozen like statues, staring at their Gu Immortal, staring at his feet.


 Zhou Zhong was stepping on the ground!


 At this moment, Zhou Zhong’s expression was very interesting, it turned from pale as paper to dark and solemn.


 His wings fluttered subconsciously, he wanted to raise his legs as if the floor was lava, it was burning his legs.


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed in a monstrous manner, a crafty light was shining in his red eyes: “The moment you stepped on the ground, you became my slave. Zhou Zhong, even if you fly now, it is too late!”


 Zhou Zhong shouted at Fang Yuan: “This is a trap! This is an evil plot!!”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he showed a look of smugness and shamelessness: “That is right, this is a trap, this is an evil plot. Unfortunately, you fell for it.”


 Beside him, Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed: “You can only blame yourselves for neglecting your own bodies. Indeed, the authority of Gu Immortals cannot be offended, it is rare for slaves to be Gu Immortals. When we set the agreement, you were both flying in the air, away from the ground, thus you did not notice this trap. Of course, if you realized it and did not step on the ground, there was also nothing we could do. But you had a guilty conscience, you wanted to sacrifice a portion of the feathermen and let them become slaves so as to obtain freedom for you and the rest of the feathermen.”


 “Cough, cough.” Fang Yuan coughed: “Old Bai, even if he did not land on the ground, I still have my ways. We can pick our slaves slowly, we can take a year or two and directly cripple the feathermen. They need food and water to survive, but Tai Bai blessed land is yours, due to the agreement, they cannot inflict any damage on the blessed land, as long as we do not pick our slaves, they will be prisoners inside the blessed land.”


 This time, even Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with shock.


 Zhou Zhong opened his mouth wide, at this moment, he felt that he was simply too foolish and naive!



***
Chapter 869 - Freedom of the Feathermen


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The whole area was covered in deathly silence.


 Sorrow, fear and loss shrouded the hearts of all the feathermen.


 Zhou Zhong was the only Gu Immortal remaining among the feathermen. If even he was no longer there, and became a slave of humans, how would these remaining feathermen survive?


 The current five regions, or rather, the whole world, could be said to belong to humans.


 The space for variant humans to survive was very small, and this already small space continued to shrink.


 Zhou Zhong’s mouth, wide open from shock, slowly closed. He looked up at Fang Yuan, as if he was looking at a monster, and asked: “Is your immortal zombie appearance fake? How can an immortal zombie scheme all this?”


 Fang Yuan was slightly dazed, not having expected Zhou Zhong to suddenly calm down.


 He immediately had a bad feeling.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was beside him, spoke with compassion: “Give up, Zhou Zhong. Even if you become a slave, I can promise that you will never be treated unfairly, I will also not limit your freedom during normal times. I will only ask for your service during critical times. Let these feathermen behind you live in my blessed land from now on. Rest assured, I will not be harsh on them or maltreat them. I will also pay corresponding rewards for their work. Sigh...”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heaved a sigh, his benevolent nature had emerged again.


 However, Zhou Zhong shook his head slightly three times.


 The smile on the corners of Fang Yuan’s lips disappeared as his expression turned grave.


 Afterwards, he saw that the Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong suddenly turned around towards the large group of feathermen, and gave a deep bow.


 “Everyone.” Zhou Zhong’s tone was extremely calm, but it revealed a decisive intent. His voice was not loud, but it resounded in everyone’s ears.


 “I have done all of you a disservice, this world only has the Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong, the featherman Zhou Zhong, but there will absolutely not be a slave Zhou Zhong. It was truly a shame that I could not protect you all. Goodbye!”


 He then suddenly spread his wings.


 The wings of feathermen were not wide like eagle wings or thick like vulture wings, but were slender and exquisite.


 “Zhou Zhong, what is the point of this? Stop quickly!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, and wanted to stop him.


 But how could he stop a Gu Immortal who was seeking death of his own accord?


 Zhou Zhong suddenly flapped his wings and flew towards the sky!


 While flying towards the sky, he shouted: “I, Zhou Zhong!”


 “Am a featherman!!”


 “I will not become a slave!!!”


 At this moment, everyone’s gazes were gathered on him.


 He violated the agreement.


 He stepped on the ground and was successfully trapped by Fang Yuan, becoming a slave.


 However, Zhou Zhong was not willing and went against the agreement on his own initiative.


 The information path immortal killer move on him erupted, the intense backlash that he could not endure assaulted Zhou Zhong’s entire body.


 The more Zhou Zhong flew, the slower he became, his two wings were also becoming difficult to move.


 Right now, his appearance of flying in the sky was like that of an old man who was approaching death and stumbling on his legs but still kept on climbing towards a precipitous peak.


 His whole body started crystallizing rapidly, and soon he turned into a transparent glass crystal statue.


 His two wings turned into crystal glass like objects, moving no longer.


 However, his eyes were still gazing at the blue sky, not even sparing a glance at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, the gaze carrying endless bravery and decisiveness.


 He then started to slowly fall down to the ground.


 His whole body started to crumble apart while falling.


 First his head, then his chest, his wings, stomach, then his legs.


 Before landing on the ground, he had already turned into a sheet of broken glass, and crystal fragments.


 There was no wind in Tai Bai blessed land.


 These crystal glass fragments, however, seemed to flutter, the more they fluttered, the more they crumbled, they continued to break apart until they disintegrated in the air.


 “Zhou Zhong...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng mumbled in a daze.


 “Indeed... this guy.” Fang Yuan’s expression was dark.


 He did not make Tai Bai Yun Sheng revive Zhou Zhong. One who was not afraid of even death and was not willing to be a slave, simply had no value.


 Moreover, Zhou Zhong was a Gu Immortal, the immortal essence needed to revive him would not be low.


 Even if he was revived, his Immortal Gu were already gone, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng also would not be able to absorb his immortal aperture. On the contrary, it was better to let him die. His immortal aperture would be unable to absorb heaven and earth qi, the blessed land would break apart. After breaking up, all the dao marks of Zhou Zhong in the immortal aperture would be added to Tai Bai blessed land.


 Zhou Zhong’s death caused all the feathermen to fall into silence.


 The silence only lasted for a while, before the new featherman king, Yu Fei, shouted loudly: “I, Yu Fei, also am not willing to be a slave. Everybody, have you still not realized it? These two human Gu Immortals are demons, they had already planned to catch us all. They absolutely won’t let us go. All of you, choose a new featherman king. I will follow old ancestor Zhou Zhong and take my leave first! ”


 After saying that, he suicided on the spot!


 “Our king!” The feathermen roused, shouting in such fury that their voices shook the surrounding areas.


 “Right, there are no slave feathermen in this world, there are only free feathermen.”


 “Even if I die, I am free.”


 “As long as our hearts beat for freedom, there will not be any slave feathermen.”


 “Take our corpses as your slaves.”


 The feathermen shouted, howled, muttered or ridiculed. Zhou Zhong and Yu Fei’s actions inspired the feathermen, unexpectedly, they all chose to suicide!


 “Damn it, are you still not stopping them? A bunch of mortals, hmph! Tai Bai Yun Sheng, quickly use Man as Before, we cannot forgo this wealth. We will make them unable to die even if they want to.” Fang Yuan snorted.


 However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed no signs of movement.


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng, what are you doing?” Fang Yuan turned around, and was immediately shocked.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face was filled with struggle and hesitation, he said to Fang Yuan with difficulty: “Fang Yuan, there are two voices shouting in my head right now. One voice tells me to be logical and raise these feathermen as slaves. The other voice, however, is shouting loudly for me to give up, these feathermen are true feathermen, they cannot be disgraced, even feeling sympathy for them is a humiliation towards them!”


 As he said this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes were unexpectedly glistening with tears!


 “Damn it!” An eerie light imperceptibly flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes without anyone noticing.


 If these feathermen were raised as slaves, it would be a great help to Fang Yuan’s plans in Western Desert as well. But at this crucial moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart actually softened.


 Fang Yuan could not help but shout furiously in his mind: ‘This fool, I can’t scheme with him!!’


 As he said this internally, he suddenly grabbed Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shoulder with his monstrous arm.


 The words that came from his mouth, however, were very different: “Let it be, Old Bai, you are correct. These feathermen are the true feathermen from >, you don’t need to hesitate, you can let them die for freedom.”


 “Fang Yuan...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression immediately relaxed as he looked gratefully at the immortal zombie before him, and said with some shame: “It was not easy for you to think of this plan, but in the end, because of me...”


 Fang Yuan interrupted him: “Don’t mention it. Everyone has their own principles. Although I don’t approve of it, I can understand it. I will support you.”


 “Fang Yuan!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s voice was choked with emotions, and he almost teared up.


 Fang Yuan spoke in a profound voice: “Do you know why those two featherman Gu Immortals fell to my scheme? Hehe, do you remember that I obtained the wisdom path inheritance from Dong Fang Chang Fan?”


 “You mean?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stared blankly.


 Fang Yuan sighed: “Wisdom path methods are indeed incredibly hard to defend against effectively. Fortunately, there have always been very few wisdom path Gu Immortals. I now have a complete wisdom path inheritance, we must not fail to take measures against such methods. Old Bai, although you passed the earthly calamity, don’t be in a hurry to go to Eastern Sea. I will use some wisdom path methods on you to deal with other wisdom path Gu Immortals.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely moved, bowing at Fang Yuan: “Then I shall trouble you!”


 “Haha, we are family, there is no need for thanks.” Fang Yuan dismissed it indifferently, his gaze once again landing on the ground.


 In just a few moments, all the feathermen on the ground had suicided, there was not even one who wanted to remain alive!


 Fang Yuan momentarily showed a slightly moved expression.


 The feathermen seeking death of their own accord made him recall a person in the depths of his memories.


 In fact, this person was also a featherman.


 When Fang Yuan was still a mortal Gu Master in his previous life, this featherman, who was an assassin, tried to kill Fang Yuan multiple times.


 One who understands you even more than friends is often your enemy.


 Fang Yuan remembered that one time during a difficult battle, he had discovered the secret of this strong assassin who repeatedly tried to kill him. This assassin was not a human, but a featherman!


 “You are a featherman? Your wings have been cut off? That is so sad.” Fang Yuan used a verbal attack.


 “Hehehe, I myself cut off this pair of wings.” The featherman assassin laughed sinisterly: “Do you want to know why?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression slightly changed: “Why?”


 “Hmm, because the featherman village’s chief always praised me, saying I am a featherman genius that came by once in a hundred years, the pillar of the featherman village, a flying quasi-grandmaster and what not. It was truly annoying! The chief always warned me that I am a featherman and I am part of the village. I wanted to leave the village to see the world, not only did the chief dissuade me, even all the feathermen in the village stopped me. Hmph, I know they were afraid I would reveal the location of the village and attract human slave hunters. So, one day, I could not withstand it any longer and cut off my wings. Then on that very day, I killed all the feathermen in the village.” As he said this, this featherman assassin’s expression was one of pride, he smiled lightly.


 “What?!” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 The featherman assassin shrugged indifferently: “You have read >, right? Feathermen believe in freedom. My heart for freedom only happened to be dozens of times more vigorous than ordinary feathermen. My featherman identity bound me, so I cut off my wings. The village I grew up in and the villagers constrained me, so I killed them. Because in this world, no one can restrict my freedom.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression immediately turned heavy and he was on full alert. Back then, he had yet to tread on the demonic path, immediately he shouted: “You lunatic!”


 “Hahaha.” The featherman assassin laughed loudly: “Thanks for the compliment!”


 He added: “Actually, you and I are of the same kind.”


 “Who the hell is the same kind as you?!” Fang Yuan’s young face showed a furious expression, as he shouted and pounced forward to fight.



***
Chapter 870 - Freedom Gu


***





 Chapter 870: Freedom Gu


 > states, Ren Zu walked on his own road of life. After separating with the hairy man leader, he encountered feathermen in green heaven.


 Ren Zu was extremely happy when he saw these feathermen.


 Because feathermen had wings on their back, and since the feathermen could understand Ren Zu’s words, both sides could communicate.


 Ren Zu requested the feathermen: “Feathermen, please help me. My daughter is in ordinary abyss and cannot come out. Please fly down and rescue my daughter, let us father and daughter reunite.”


 The feathermen laughed loudly: “Human, how can you order us. Us feathermen are the most free living beings in the world, no one can order us or bind us. You want us to listen to your request and follow your wish, that is impossible.”


 Ren Zu kept on persuading, and even pleaded with them, but the feathermen simply kept on flying in the air, enjoying the pleasure of freedom.


 Ren Zu’s mouth had already dried, but the feathermen only treated him as a clown, ridiculing Ren Zu as if they were looking at a joke.


 “Oh look, such a pitiful human.”


 “So what if he is the life form with the most intelligence in the world?”


 “He doesn’t have wings and can only walk on the ground, he is so pitiful. Fortunately, I am not a human, but a featherman. See how vigorously I can fly.”


 ...


 In Ren Zu’s heart of loneliness, self Gu started getting angrier as it heard these words, finally it could not hold the anger back and jumped out.


 “All of you, come down.” Self Gu displayed its might, capturing all the feathermen in the sky at once.


 Ren Zu could not help but become greatly startled at this: “Self Gu, when did you become so strong?”


 Self Gu said proudly: “It is only natural. I took a bite out of strength Gu, now that I have my own strength, I possess immense might. Moreover, there is no need to pay any price to use this strength. Human, you need to know: what is most reliable is your own strength. And without strength, freedom is just an illusion.”


 The feathermen were captured and could no longer fly to the sky, pressed onto the ground without being able to move.


 They began to throw curses at Ren Zu and self Gu in anger.


 Ren Zu heaved a sigh: “Feathermen, I did not mean to offend you. Please forgive my rudeness. I only want to ask you to save my daughter. When I reunite with her, I will definitely reward you.”


 “Impossible! We feathermen are the most free!”


 “Even if our bodies lose freedom, our hearts are still free.”


 “Right, right!”


 “Cruel human, you can’t impose your will on any featherman.”


 The feathermen kept on shouting without any intention to compromise.


 Ren Zu persuaded them for three days and three nights, but it was in vain. Helpless, he could only let go of these feathermen.


 Self Gu spoke bitterly: “Human, how could you release them so easily? Don’t you want to rescue your fourth child?”


 Ren Zu, however, replied confidently: “I have already understood that these feathermen cannot be forced. After these days of contact with the feathermen, I have found these feathermen might be free but they don’t have dens to shelter themselves from wind and rain, and they also don’t have enough food to fill their stomachs. To make them help, I have to make them do it willingly!”


 Thereupon, Ren Zu built a house near the feathermen. Every day, he relied on self Gu to gather a lot of wild fruits and hunt many beasts.


 The feathermen soon discovered the safety and warmth of the house. Especially during the days of storms, the feathermen could only hide in groves of trees, shivering and starving. While Ren Zu stayed within his house, enjoying the warmth of a fireplace and sumptuous food.


 On one cold night, some feathermen quietly moved under the roof of Ren Zu’s house, to evade the wind and snow, while also greedily absorbing the warmth leaking out from the crack in the door.


 Ren Zu wore the mask of attitude Gu and opened the door, using an extremely warm attitude to invite these feathermen into the house, and to enjoy the warmth and food with him.


 As this repeated several times, more and more feathermen came into Ren Zu’s house.


 Ren Zu was very hospitable and would entertain the feathermen every day, even giving the area near the fireplace to the feathermen. No matter how much the feathermen ate, he let them eat without restraint.


 The feathermen gradually became accustomed to living this way, until one day, Ren Zu saw the timing was ripe and took off attitude Gu, revealing his true, cold expression.


 He shut the door of the house and stored all the food as well, no longer supplying them to the feathermen for free.


 The feathermen were caught off-guard and were frantic.


 They were already used to the safety and warmth of the house, they were used to plentiful food, they rarely flew now and hunted even less. Their stockpile of food was extremely small. Many feathermen were fat to the extent they could not fly.


 The feathermen had no way to deal with Ren Zu’s behavior. They could not beat Ren Zu, who possessed self Gu.


 Soon, all the feathermen reached a situation where they would die from hunger or the cold.


 Several days later, many feathermen died.


 Ren Zu waited and waited until he became extremely anxious, as the feathermen showed no signs of coming to terms with him.


 In the end, when most of the feathermen died, Ren Zu could not help but mention the old matter again: “Feathermen, as long as you move your wings to fly to ordinary abyss and rescue my daughter, I will give you enough food and also warm houses.”


 However, the remaining feathermen still shook their heads.


 Eventually, they all died.


 From these feathermen’s corpses, many small creatures flew out. They looked like tiny specks of light, shining with all kinds of colors. Ren Zu tried to grab them, but was not able to.


 “It is no use.” Cognition Gu informed him at this moment: “Wild freedom Gu cannot be caught. These feathermen chased after freedom since their birth, but it is a pity that only after their death could they find freedom.”


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun palace.


 Fang Yuan slowly withdrew his monstrous arm, the featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling’s soul, however, was extremely listless as it weakly floated in the air.


 Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong had violated the agreement, thus his soul was already extinguished.


 As for Zheng Ling, who had died first, because he had only been attacked by Fang Yuan with poison path and strength path killer moves, only his body had perished and his soul had been preserved.


 Fang Yuan had secretly stored his soul into his immortal aperture on the spot.


 Since ancient times, soul path, wisdom path and enslavement path were closely related. Since Fang Yuan had obtained Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, he also gained some comprehension of the other paths, as such his attainment in soul path and enslavement path had also increased by a bit.


 Most of all, Fang Yuan had used the light of wisdom to repeatedly improve the immortal killer move myriad self, not only adding a few core Immortal Gu one after another, but also adding many soul path mortal Gu.


 This coordination made it so that when the giant hand killed the enemy, the injured soul would be captured by Fang Yuan.


 If others did not pay attention, they would think Fang Yuan had destroyed the soul as well.


 But in fact, Fang Yuan secretly captured the soul.


 Even Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not sense this as he did not have an immortal level investigative killer move.


 Fang Yuan also did not inform him.


 The value of a Gu Immortal’s soul was far higher than a Gu Immortal’s will or mortal souls.


 Fang Yuan had just ended his first soul search.


 From this soul search, he learned the origin of this group of feathermen.


 “They are a featherman clan in Western Desert, living for generations in a fragment world of green heaven. No wonder they have such ancient customs, even suiciding rather than lowering their heads to become slaves. A life of peace with plentiful resources, a united clan without any powerful external enemies, this instead corroded the minds of these feathermen.”


 “White Sea Shatuo... who is this person?”


 “He was able to gather so many people to siege Sacred Feather City. Moreover, he was using such superior means that are beyond imagination. They could actually restrict an Immortal Gu House, causing the feathermen to flee in desperation!”


 Fang Yuan rummaged through his mind, but could not find any information about White Sea Shatuo.


 In the end, Fang Yuan could only sigh: “Western Desert is also a place hiding dragons and tigers.”


 In conclusion, the benefits from this tribulation in Tai Bai blessed land were huge.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng received all the dao marks of the two featherman Gu Immortals, a rank six and a rank seven, he was the biggest winner.


 Fang Yuan’s harvests were also not small.


 The origin of this group of feathermen was a big deal, and there was also Sacred Feather City, the origins could be traced back to the Late Antiquity Era, the era of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 As the leader of Sacred Feather City, the rank seven Gu Immortal, Zheng Ling, held plenty of secrets, immortal killer moves, immortal Gu recipes and so on. It was likely he even had a complete Gu Immortal inheritance.


 The green heaven fragment world was isolated from the outside world for this long, Sacred Feather City could be said to be a paradise for feathermen, this was a huge settlement of feathermen among those remaining in the world.


 Because they had very few interactions with the outside world, and the green heaven fragment world had plenty of resources, these featherman Gu Immortals’ methods were quaint, having distinctive characteristics of the Late Antiquity Era.


 Fang Yuan even had an expectation — if his luck was good, maybe he could get a strength path inheritance from Zheng Ling’s soul.


 The only pity was those mortal feathermen.


 Fang Yuan had been planning to raise those feathermen as slaves to help him penetrate the market in Western Desert, or even establish a caravan.


 Feathermen were high quality slaves in Western Desert. Super forces and large forces, all of them had featherman-based caravans.


 It was impossible for Fang Yuan to only do business with Xiao clan, in the early stage, he indeed had to rely on Xiao clan as a springboard to stably enter Western Desert’s market. But Fang Yuan would suffer losses if he only engaged with Xiao clan on the long term.


 But these mortal feathermen were dead already. From their temperament, they were too well pampered and it would be an arduous process to tame them. Instead, it was much more convenient to directly purchase featherman slaves.


 Fang Yuan was not someone who dwelled on the past, and soon threw this matter to the back of his mind.


 He already possessed change form Immortal Gu and had fused it into the immortal killer move, vaguely familiar face. Fang Yuan originally intended to change into another appearance to go to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance and continue his previous foiled plan.


 But after contacting Fairy Li Shan, Fang Yuan analyzed and deduced that the situation was not good.


 Ever since Feng Jiu Ge had investigated the identity of Sha Huang, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was much more strict in examining any unknown immortal zombie that wanted to join the alliance. It was no longer as easy as before for Fang Yuan to infiltrate into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 And Feng Jiu Ge, Old Lord Can Yang, and the rest of the group had gone into hiding, which made Fang Yuan feel that a storm was brewing.


 Fang Yuan hesitated, was he still going to follow the plan to make his way into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance under this situation?



***
Chapter 871 - Rock Dragon Eye


***





 Chapter 871: Rock Dragon Eye


 Northern Plains, Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 The sky was covered in clouds, the white snow was like dust. All of the peaks were standing in the snow, as the forests were covered in layers of snow, they were like a vast number of clouds.


 A rainbow shot out from the first peak, it flew into the air like a meteor.


 The peak owners of Snowy Mountain turned their gazes towards it.


 “Old Ancestor has sent an order again.”


 “I wonder who will receive the order to collect immortal materials this time...”


 “Hopefully it isn’t me.”


 The rainbow drew a beautiful arc in the sky, it flew directly into the third peak.


 The other peak owners sighed in relief secretly.


 Inside the third peak, Fairy Li Shan was dressed in a bright leather dress, it was silver at the bottom, with the images of the grassland in the night sky with the moon on it.


 This was clothing in the style of Northern Plains.


 Fairy Li Shan wore her precious pearl headband as she shut her eyes, her mind was looking inside her immortal aperture.


 In her immortal aperture, there were birds chirping and flowers growing, it was warm like spring, completely the opposite of the icy nature of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 In the lush forests, mountains and greenery were like paintings, there were large numbers of precious materials, a small number of desolate plants, as well as ancient desolate plants.


 At the center of the immortal aperture, along a line of waist deep grass, there was a small mountain.


 This tiny mountain was more inconspicuous than a small mound at first glance.


 But it was Miniscule Mountain, one of the few secluded domains in this world recorded in >.


 In this Miniscule Mountain, large numbers of minimen were flying in and out.


 They were flying in the lush grass, due to their tiny bodies, these blades of grass were like tall trees.


 The minimen were working laboriously in the grass like bee groups.


 Fairy Li Shan was paying close attention to them, after watching them for a while, she was satisfied.


 When she had obtained Miniscule Mountain, the minimen were unwilling to cooperate with her initially, they were wary of her.


 But Fairy Li Shan was not an incompetent person, she used the carrot and the stick tactic, she helped a miniman puppet to become their leader, and killed all of the resistance without mercy.


 The minimen were not as stubborn as the feathermen, but there were also loyal members.


 After Fairy Li Shan killed forty percent of the minimen, she finally subdued the miniman tribe in Miniscule Mountain.


 Thereafter, Fairy Li Shan moved Miniscule Mountain into her immortal aperture. With the help of the minimen, the wood path resources in her immortal aperture were produced at a rapid speed!


 Hairy men were born with refinement path dao marks, they had Gu refinement talent. Feathermen were born with cloud path dao marks and had wings, they could fly freely in the sky. Minimen were born with wood path dao marks, the places where they lived in would have vegetation growing rapidly. They even had inheritances passed down from many generations before, they were the race that was most skilled at growing plants and flowers.


 “Minimen are quite extraordinary! My jade yin grass is a rank seven immortal material. It had been wilting all along, but after these minimen lived here for half a year, this field expanded into a miniature grass field. All the jade yin grass have a lot of vitality, unfortunately, the number of minimen is very small now. The earlier battle caused half of them to die. If I had the previous number of minimen, my pressure would be halved now. Eh? Two letter Gu at the same time?”


 Fairy Li Shan willed and sensed two information path Gu worms, one came from the outside world, flying through space, while the other came out of her blessed land using the moving perspective cup Gu.


 Fairy Li Shan opened her eyes, she first grabbed one of the letters, holding the rainbow from the sky in her hands.


 She glanced at it as she directed her consciousness into the Gu.


 As she had expected, it was Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s orders for her to collect immortal materials.


 “Concealing heaven dust, rock dragon eye, elephant tusk flame... this time, he wants me to gather three immortal materials.” Fairy Li Shan frowned deeply.


 Among these three immortal materials, rock dragon eye and elephant tusk flame were rank seven immortal materials, while concealing heaven dust was a rank eight immortal material that was very precious.


 Elephant tusk flame was a tiny lump of flame that burned in the elephant’s tusk after an ancient desolate beast elephant died. This lump of fire was about the size of a pea, once it finished burning the tusk, it would be extinguished upon contact with the outside air.


 An ancient desolate beast elephant was an existence equal to rank seven Gu Immortals. After the elephant died, its tusk would not generate the flame every time.


 With so many conditions to fulfill, one could see how precious the elephant tusk flame was. Even in the market of the five regions, treasure yellow heaven, it was a rare immortal material.


 And compared to the elephant tusk flame, rock dragon eye and concealing heaven dust were much harder to get.


 Concealing heaven dust was only found in yellow heaven of the immemorial nine heavens. But because yellow heaven was already destroyed by Ren Zu’s children, Fairy Li Shan had to first find a yellow heaven fragment world.


 And this fragment world had to be big enough with enough dao marks to allow her to enter and explore it.


 After entering the yellow heaven fragment world, Fairy Li Shan would have to prepare special methods to collect the concealing heaven dust. During the process of collecting it, she would face a lot of trouble.


 Fairy Li Shan would rather pay a huge price to buy the concealing heaven dust in treasure yellow heaven.


 As for the rock dragon eye, it referred to the eyes of the ancient desolate beast rock dragon.


 This rock dragon was not an ordinary fierce beast.


 In the graveyards of rockman tribes, there would be a lot of buried rockman corpses. As they accumulated over time, one day, they would attract lightning to strike them.


 As the thunderbolt strikes the graveyard, a rock dragon would be born.


 Similarly to the rockmen, the rock dragon’s body was made of rocks.


 During the Immemorial Antiquity Era and the Remote Antiquity Era, variant humans were in control of most of the world. Only super forces of rockman tribes or large sized rockman tribes with a long history would have rock dragons in them. Even though there was Ren Zu, his ten children, and even Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, there were very few humans in the world.


 The rock dragon was the guardian beast of the rockmen tribe, the rockmen all believe that the rock dragon is the revival of their ancestors. During the wars of the variant humans, the rock dragon had once been in the spotlight, they were among the best beasts of war in the world.


 Rock dragons did not have any sense of pain, they had sturdy defenses and were extremely bold. Even if they were hurt, if there were any rockmen willing to sacrifice themselves and go to the rock dragon’s area of injury, they would be able to convert themselves into a part of the rock dragon, allowing its wounds to heal instantly.


 This was an absurd battle tactic, the other races had a huge headache dealing with it.


 But times were different now.


 It was extremely hard for Fairy Li Shan to find a rock dragon.


 Because rockman tribes were very rare now, most rockmen were the slaves of Gu Immortals.


 Even if Fairy Li Shan found a rock dragon, with her battle strength, she would not be able to defeat a rock dragon, a top tier war beast of the Remote Antiquity Era that had extremely high defenses.


 Thus, even though the rock dragon eye was a rank seven immortal material, it was harder to obtain than the rank eight immortal material, concealing heaven dust.


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu is giving us peak owners tougher and tougher missions. Out of these three immortal materials, only the elephant tusk flame is slightly simple. Not only is strength a concern in obtaining concealing heaven dust and rock dragon eye, it is extremely dependent on luck. Sigh, if I have good luck, I would be able to just buy it from treasure yellow heaven.”


 Fairy Li Shan sighed deeply.


 Her earlier investment in the miniman and Miniscule Mountain had already started to see effect, she was going to reap the benefits now.


 With Hei Lou Lan’s determination to become independent, she had rejected any additional funding. Thus, during this period, Fairy Li Shan was accumulating wealth rapidly.


 This accumulation was twice as fast as before.


 It took too much time and effort to obtain the concealing heaven dust and rock dragon eye. Fairy Li Shan would rather expend her wealth instead of expending time and energy.


 After receiving the letter from Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Fairy Li Shan checked the second letter Gu.


 There were only a few people who could make the letter appear directly in her immortal aperture.


 Fairy Li Shan checked it and saw that the sender of the letter Gu was Fang Yuan.


 In this letter, Fang Yuan promised much benefits, as he asked Fairy Li Shan to assist him in killing an immortal zombie from Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 “Fang Yuan...” Fairy Li Shan muttered, she left her bed and walked around.


 She lowered her head and was in deep thought as she slowly paced.


 When she got to the window and saw the snowflakes outside, she sneered while staring at the silent peaks.


 “This Fang Yuan, earlier he disguised himself as Sha Huang, joining Zombie Alliance. Now, he wants me to help him kill an immortal zombie, he definitely has some motive!”


 “Promising me great benefits, he is really affluent. After all, he obtained a lot of resources from Dong Fang tribe, as well as getting Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance. During this period, he must have been developing smoothly and rapidly.”


 “Right now, the situation in Northern Plains is full of turbulence. The investigation team of Central Continent Gu Immortals is still hiding somewhere. In this situation, Fang Yuan still wants to strike, it seems that the benefit of Zombie Alliance is extremely important to him. Does he want to claim another immortal zombie’s contribution points, and obtain the research results of Zombie Alliance in the ways to revive and get rid of the zombie status?”


 Thinking of this, Fairy Li Shan squinted her eyes.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 White Jade Palace was very bright.


 Four Gu Immortals, standing at the north, south, east, and west, were surrounding the rank nine Immortal Gu House, Heaven Overseeing Tower, in the middle.


 The old Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord stood at the east, he held his walking stick as a brilliant light flashed in his aged eyes: “Recovery of Fate, begins now!”


 The walking stick in his hand was raised in the air, as if it hit a steel rock, it gave off a clear sound.


 Immediately, light burst out, countless Gu worms flew about and formed a gigantic Gu formation.


 Traces and traces of lights and rainbows merged together, forming a huge formation array that filled the surroundings.


 The female Gu Immortal, Bai Cang Shui, who was here for the first time, shouted in shock: “This refinement path Gu formation is a step away from becoming a rank eight Immortal Gu House!”


 Immortal Gu Houses were in themselves related to a Gu cultivation path — the utmost materialization of formation path.


 “Hehehe, this refinement path Gu formation is quite extraordinary. Fairy Cang Shui, please look down.” At the west area, the person with the appearance of a young man in white clothing, Lian Jiu Sheng spoke as he smiled.


 Next, he grabbed at the air and threw a huge amount of rock dragon eyes in front of him.


 The rock dragon eyes entered the refinement path Gu formation, in just a few breaths of time, they were completely broken up and fused into the wondrous refinement path Gu formation.


 “So many rock dragon eyes! And such a speed of processing immortal materials...” Bai Cang Shui was lost for words.


 Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun palace.


 “Hmph!” Fang Yuan crushed the information path Gu worm in his hand.


 He was rejected.


 “Still wanting to restrict my development huh... these narrow-minded and petty women.” Fang Yuan’s expression was gloomy: “Oh?”


 At this time, an information path Gu worm appeared in his immortal aperture.


 “Did Fairy Li Shan change her mind?” Fang Yuan stared slightly before checking it, he was very surprised afterwards: “This is Lang Ya land spirit’s request for reinforcements?!”



***
Chapter 872 - Joining Lang Ya’s Defensive Battle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After Fang Yuan obtained change form Immortal Gu and merged it into immortal killer move vaguely familiar face, he could now take a much greater variety of appearances.


 Thus, he wanted to blend into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance again, but the situation was far from good.


 Because his Sha Huang identity was exposed, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was now extremely vigilant, and it was not possible for him to smoothly join Zombie Alliance by repeating his previous method.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan got the idea of using other Zombie Alliance members.


 As long as he secretly killed one of them and changed into the appearance of this unfortunate fellow, he could infiltrate Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 Fang Yuan had become an immortal in Northern Plains, his body was filled with Northern Plains’ aura. Zombie Alliance’s large door could stop Feng Jiu Ge, but it could not obstruct him.


 However, this secret assassination would be filled with difficulties and danger.


 First of all, the entire process of killing a Zombie Alliance member had to be carried out in secret, without letting any trace of it leak out.


 It was difficult to accomplish this.


 Fang Yuan currently had rank seven battle strength, it was easy for him to defeat an ordinary immortal zombie, and killing them was also possible.


 But to secretly kill them was exceptionally difficult.


 Because the commotion during the battle would be huge and could not be controlled. If the immortal zombie wanted to flee, Fang Yuan would have to give chase, but true solid bat wings was not very reliable. If the immortal zombie used information path Gu worms to request for reinforcements, then in the midst of the battle, Fang Yuan would need to have sufficient and accurate means to exterminate these Gu worms.


 In summary, Fang Yuan had outstanding power in offense, but was still lacking a lot in other aspects. Most of all, he lacked a battlefield killer move.


 Battlefield killer moves could create an independent battlefield environment that was isolated from the world.


 Within a battlefield killer move, Gu Immortals were usually unable to use information path Gu worms to request reinforcements. Naturally, this was not absolute, there was no such thing as absolute in this world.


 Also, superior battlefield killer moves could limit the space, thus could prevent the enemy from running everywhere.


 Immortal battlefield killer moves had another name, they were known as ‘quasi blessed lands’. Once they were used, they could temporarily replicate countless dao marks, creating a temporary unique battlefield.


 Most Gu Immortals, in fact, did not have immortal battlefield killer moves, only relatively few Gu Immortals were in possession of them.


 Fang Yuan did not have an immortal battlefield killer move, it would be very difficult for him to secretly kill a Northern Plains Zombie Alliance member by himself.


 Even in his previous life he did not have one, because when he had just obtained his first Immortal Gu, he was besieged and had no choice but to self-detonate.


 Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng also did not have one.


 They had only recently advanced into Gu Immortals, even if their immortal apertures were of superior grades, they needed to accumulate their foundations for a long time.


 However, Fairy Li Shan had one.


 Pear orchard was her battlefield killer move.


 If they could lure an immortal zombie into pear orchard, then it was very likely they could secretly kill them.


 Naturally, even if they succeeded, there were risks.


 Fang Yuan did not forget Old Lord Can Yang and rest of the group, they were sure to have wisdom path Gu Immortals amongst them. And the possibility of them deducing Fang Yuan re-entering Zombie Alliance was very likely.


 Once the truth was exposed or even a slight trace of it was leaked out, Fang Yuan entering Northern Plains Zombie Alliance would be like entering a tiger’s den.


 Thus, Fairy Li Shan’s help was highly necessary.


 However, Fairy Li Shan rejected Fang Yuan’s request, and just as Fang Yuan was thinking of other strategies, a request for reinforcements appeared in his immortal aperture.


 Ever since Northern Plains’ grand auction event ended, Fang Yuan had stopped contacting Lang Ya land spirit frequently.


 This time, however, Lang Ya land spirit had taken the initiative to contact Fang Yuan, it was to ask for reinforcements.


 This greatly differed from Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 In Fang Yuan’s mind, Lang Ya blessed land had an extremely deep foundation.


 In his previous life, Lang Ya blessed land, this ownerless blessed land, had resisted seven entire waves of invading Gu Immortals. Moreover, at the seventh wave, even Feng Jiu Ge had died in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Although Lang Ya blessed land only had twelve cloud buildings on the surface, under each cloud building was a desolate beast, that meant twelve desolate beasts.


 And as long as one was not an idiot, they would understand these twelve desolate beasts were only the outermost defensive measures, one should not forget Lang Ya blessed land’s original owner was Long Hair Ancestor.


 He was known as possibly the number one refinement path immortal, he had refined thirty-eight Immortal Gu throughout his life, not lacking rank seven and rank eight among them. This was only the officially recorded number. If his unofficial records were noted, if rumors and so on were taken into consideration, the amount surpassed a hundred!


 Thus, Fang Yuan had already surmised that Lang Ya blessed land’s true defenses were the vast number of Immortal Gu left behind by Long Hair Ancestor.


 It was not the desolate beasts.


 Lang Ya blessed land was vastly different from other blessed lands. Even without an owner, Lang Ya land spirit had an unending supply of immortal essence which he could use.


 It was because Lang Ya blessed land had the Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus that could produce immortal essence.


 And due to the support of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, Lang Ya land spirit could boldly activate Immortal Gu, displaying their unique powers.


 “Now, Lang Ya land spirit is actually taking the initiative to ask me for reinforcements? In my previous life, he could resist until the seventh wave, and this should only be the fourth wave of attacks. Is it because of me that the structure of Northern Plains’ situation has changed to such a large extent? Has it caused Lang Ya blessed land to face a much fiercer attack?”


 Fang Yuan’s brain worked rapidly.


 For Lang Ya land spirit to ask for reinforcements, it could certainly be imagined that the strength of the invaders absolutely surpassed Fang Yuan’s individual ability.


 But often, precious opportunities were hidden in dangerous situations.


 Lang Ya blessed land had a deep accumulation of wealth, and was so rich that even Heavenly Court’s greed was incited in Fang Yuan’s previous life, forcibly taking down this blessed land. Heavenly Court might have suffered huge losses, but they also benefited a lot even after calculating the loss of Feng Jiu Ge.


 Cooperating with Lang Ya land spirit had many benefits.


 This was already clear from the past dealings.


 Fang Yuan had bluffed and deceived to seize many benefits from Lang Ya land spirit. Lang Ya land spirit had a huge hand in his rapid progress after becoming a Gu Immortal. Especially in transitioning between the early to middle stages, which was a difficult point to make progress.


 It was a pity, after the auction in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan’s greed and excessive demands led to the land spirit’s aversion towards him, which caused the relation between both sides to worsen and reduce to a freezing point.


 Fang Yuan had tried to cooperate with the land spirit several times, but was answered with an unyielding attitude by the land spirit, asking Fang Yuan to search for a poisonous flower type immortal material.


 “If I can help the land spirit now, our tensed relations will definitely ease up.”


 “What’s more, I have Fixed Immortal Travel and only need three breaths of time to return to Hu Immortal blessed land. Even if the enemies are very strong, I should be able to buy three breaths of time, right?”


 Fang Yuan pondered, although Lang Ya land spirit had asked for reinforcements, the situation might not be so bad.


 He had always felt that Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation was very abundant. In his previous life, it could resist seven waves of attack, even a powerhouse of this generation like Feng Jiu Ge was sacrificed here. This was only the fourth wave of attacks.


 As he considered it thoroughly, Fang Yuan decided to help Lang Ya land spirit.


 He was not a rash, hot-blooded child like Yu Fei who, when his friends suffered harm, would stand up regardless of gains or losses.


 He was Fang Yuan, a demonic path Gu Immortal.


 He emphasized profits, coldly calculating gains and losses; allies were used to bring benefits, what was the point of making friends with each other?


 As far as Fang Yuan was concerned, allies were only special tools to gain benefits.


 Coincidentally, Tai Bai Yun Sheng also came to inquire about the letter.


 Lang Ya land spirit had also sent him a letter for reinforcements.


 In fact, since Tai Bai Yun Sheng had restored Lang Ya blessed land for the land spirit, his relationship with the land spirit was much better than that of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan informed Tai Bai Yun Sheng of his decision, which Tai Bai Yun Sheng approved of.


 Fang Yuan immediately used a stargate to go to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng had passed the earthly calamity, he still required some time before he could take back his immortal aperture and move around.


 “You’re here, Fang Yuan.” Lang Ya land spirit appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan noticed Lang Ya land spirit did not appear tired and had no injuries on his body, and felt even more certain of his previous guess, he laughed: “This is your attitude to your life saving benefactor?”


 “Hmph! You think I am not aware? Rascal, you wouldn’t have even thought of helping me without benefits involved! If not for this situation being urgent, I would not have requested help from you.” Lang Ya land spirit rolled his eyes.


 Although he said this, Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude was already much warmer than before.


 “I will give you the rank six Immortal Gu recipe for all-out effort Gu as a reward for repelling the enemies!” Lang Ya land spirit continued.


 Fang Yuan snickered, shaking his head: “Let’s talk about the reward later, after we repel the invading Gu Immortals.”


 Fang Yuan did not talk about reward and was worried about the invading enemies, not taking advantage to blackmail, this immediately made Lang Ya land spirit very pleased and feel his opinion of Fang Yuan becoming much more pleasant.


 “Follow me.” Lang Ya land spirit grabbed Fang Yuan’s arm, and instantly, they arrived at the highest floor of a cloud building.


 It could be seen from this that there were large numbers of space path dao marks in Lang Ya blessed land.


 If it were like Star Form blessed land where there were not many space path dao marks, Star Form land spirit could only fly rapidly with no ability to teleport.


 Fang Yuan observed the surroundings that had already changed greatly.


 Previously, Lang Ya blessed land had a vast area of cloud soil with clear skies, twelve cloud buildings standing adjacent to each other among them. But right now, Fang Yuan’s sight was filled with boundless fog, which was so dense one could not even see their hands.


 The sky could not be seen above, the ground could not be seen below.


 Lang Ya land spirit explained with a serious voice: “This is the Gu formation activated after the blessed land was attacked — Twelve Wave Cloud Confusion Formation. The twelve cloud buildings are all mortal Gu Houses and serve as formation cores of this formation. Look! Those are the invaders.”


 The land spirit waved his sleeve, several mirrors appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 Each mirror showed a Gu Immortal moving slowly in the vast fog, or charging forward.


 ‘They are!’ Fang Yuan’s pupils could not help but shrink when he saw these Gu Immortals.


 Qin Bai Sheng, Jiang Yu, Hei Cheng, Xue Song Zi and He Lang Zi!


 There were also two others, one was a green robed wind path Gu Immortal who was moving forward rapidly, another was a black robed Gu Immortal who was wearing a mask and was very mysterious.


 “You recognize them?” Lang Ya land spirit sensed the strange expression on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan nodded, saying with a serious expression: “These people have extraordinary strength, especially the leader, Qin Bai Sheng, he is a famous rank seven expert in Northern Plains.”


 “I know. If not for this, most of my twelve wave cloud confusion formation would not have been broken down. Now only five buildings are left, two are already guarded by two of Inkman City’s Gu Immortals. You will guard this one, while I will personally guard another one. The remaining one is left for Tai Bai Yun Sheng.” Lang Ya land spirit distribution the workload.


 Fang Yuan frowned: “The enemies are too strong, the cloud buildings are only mortal Gu Houses, it will be quite difficult to obstruct these people while also protecting the cloud buildings!”



***
Chapter 873 - Quietly Awaiting Foes


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan frowned, he showed a troubled expression.


 Qin Bai Sheng, Jiang Yu, He Lang Zi, Xue Song Zi, He Lang Zi, and two mysterious Gu Immortals that he did not know. Among them, only Xue Song Zi and Jiang Yu were rank six Gu Immortals, the rest were rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan did not have any idea of who the two mysterious Gu Immortals were.


 But among the remaining ones, Qin Bai Sheng, He Lang Zi, and Hei Cheng were all experienced rank sevens.


 Hei Cheng was a Gu Immortal of the super force, Hei tribe, although he had a hidden injury and could not use immortal killer moves, causing his battle strength to decline sharply. He was not at his peak condition, but the Immortal Gu Dark Arrow was not to be underestimated.


 He Lang Zi was a famous transformation path demonic immortal in Northern Plains, he had a strange upbringing and was ruthless and savage, he had three immortal level desolate wolf transformations, he had high battle strength. He was once offered recruitment by Old Ancestor Xue Hu, but he turned down the offer.


 The strongest one was Qin Bai Sheng.


 This person had roamed Northern Plains for hundreds of years, as a lone cultivator, he had defeated Liu Hao, Chanyu Xiong, Nu Er Du, killed Bai Chan Zi, Jade Fire Farmer, Mountain Lord Tian Qing, had a draw with Yuan Rang Zun, and managed to escape with his life from Five Elements Grandmaster.


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal, his status in Northern Plains was like Shi Lei’s status in Central Continent.


 In most people’s perspective, he was at the peak of rank seven battle strength, only rank eight Gu Immortals could suppress him. He was considerably stronger than the level of Old Lord Can Yang.


 The scarier thing was, not only did he have outstanding battle strength, he was also very capable in planning. He held the Northern Plains auction and was the biggest winner out of it.


 Trying to protect the cloud buildings in front of such a person, it was not a strange thing for Fang Yuan to feel very troubled.


 But Lang Ya land spirit patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder, saying: “I am not asking you to defend the cloud building, you just need to hold him back. I am trying to stall for time. Hmph, these people are too daring, they actually attacked Lang Ya blessed land! As long as you can hold on for thirty minutes, I will be able to make these people suffer the severe consequences!”


 Lang Ya land spirit spoke with immense confidence.


 Like what Fang Yuan had guessed, Lang Ya land spirit definitely had a trump card that could turn the situation around.


 In the earlier three waves of attacks, Lang Ya land spirit had amazing battle results, these twelve desolate beasts would not have been able to accomplish it.


 “Then, what is the thing that Lang Ya land spirit is relying on?” Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of curiosity internally.


 He did not had any intention to conceal this thought, he asked directly.


 But Lang Ya land spirit did not tell him, he only smiled mysteriously.


 Afterwards, the land spirit gave Fang Yuan some instructions and gave him a letter Gu before teleporting away.


 The letter Gu recorded the technique to manipulate the cloud buildings.


 This cloud building was lent to Fang Yuan by Lang Ya land spirit, he could manipulate it freely.


 Fang Yuan looked at it two or three times, he memorized the manipulation technique to heart. Next, he practiced it a little and got the hang of it.


 The cloud buildings were the formation cores of the twelve wave cloud confusion formation, star thoughts moved in Fang Yuan’s mind as he gained much understanding of the twelve wave cloud confusion formation after learning about the cloud buildings.


 In other words, this was a fog formation that resembled a maze.


 Even though it was not elevated to the level of a battlefield killer move, it was only one step away.


 It was not that Lang Ya land spirit did not have battlefield killer moves, but to set up a battlefield killer move, dao marks needed to be carved.


 The newly added dao marks would not be perfectly compatible with the dao marks of this world, there would be conflicts and unsuitability. This would cause damage to Lang Ya blessed land itself.


 Thus, the land spirit did not do that.


 To just stall for time, twelve wave cloud confusion formation was already reaching the limits of a Gu formation.


 When a Gu Immortal is inside the formation, their five senses would be messed up and they would not be able to tell the direction, between left or right, or even end up just walking in circles on the spot. Only an investigative immortal killer move would allow the Gu Immortal to navigate their way through the Gu formation.


 Only by destroying all twelve cloud buildings would this formation be entirely destroyed.


 If they did not have an investigative immortal killer move, then the Gu Immortal could only move about randomly, hoping to see if they could find a cloud building, this was purely up to luck.


 Fortunately for them, once the Gu formation was set up, the twelve cloud buildings could not be moved, otherwise, Gu Immortals without an investigative immortal killer move would never be able to find it, not even luck could help.


 Fang Yuan sat on the cloud bed as he opened many observation mirrors, checking the surroundings of this cloud building.


 His authority was only limited to this cloud building, he could only check the surroundings of this cloud building to an extent.


 There was only vast fog in the mirror, not a single Gu Immortal showed up.


 Fang Yuan did not lack patience, he waited silently.


 A moment later, a Gu Immortal appeared in the mirror.


 She was wearing a purple dress, she had a high nose and deep beautiful eyes, her eyebrows were thick and long, her skin was slightly dark as her entire body oozed with an alluring aura.


 It was Fairy Jiang Yu!


 Fang Yuan was shocked, he immediately thought about her dark limit Immortal Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, before becoming an immortal, she had used dark limit Immortal Gu, it had entered Hei Lou Lan’s body and circulated through it, concealing the aura of the Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 Initially, Hei Lou Lan’s plan was to seize her dark limit Immortal Gu, before they were exposed.


 But unfortunately, Fairy Jiang Yu’s traces were hard to find, before this plan was even put into play, it had failed.


 Later, when Hei Lou Lan was chasing after Hei Cheng, this plan was even more impossible.


 “Dark limit Immortal Gu, if I can obtain it...” Fang Yuan’s gaze shined, he felt somewhat of a pity inside: “Unfortunately, in this current situation, even if I can capture Fairy Jiang Yu alive, I would not obtain dark limit Immortal Gu.”


 It was very hard to take Immortal Gu, hope was usually very slim.


 After all, only a thought was needed to make the Immortal Gu self-detonate.


 Just as Fang Yuan thought about this, Fairy Jiang Yu actually turned this way and that, going on a detour around Fang Yuan’s territory, heading towards another direction and leaving this place.


 Once she was out of Fang Yuan’s territory, Fairy Jiang Yu vanished from the mirror.


 A while later, a second Gu Immortal entered Fang Yuan’s territory.


 The mirror clearly showed his image.


 It was Qin Bai Sheng!


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was grave, he watched as Qin Bai Sheng got closer and closer.


 Undoubtedly, out of all the Gu Immortal experts here, the one Fang Yuan most wanted to not face was Qin Bai Sheng.


 Fang Yuan has not found out that after Qin Bai Sheng fought Feng Jiu Ge, he had already recovered his original strength. But with just Qin Bai Sheng’s previous performance, he was already at the level of Central Continent’s Shi Lei.


 This type of opponent was far too strong. If he really discovered this cloud building, Fang Yuan immediately decided that he would only match a few blows with him before retreating.


 Even though he was reinforcing Lang Ya land spirit, this support was only situational.


 Fang Yuan had never thought of sacrificing his life for Lang Ya land spirit. In addition, Lang Ya land spirit also had his trump cards, it was not time for Fang Yuan to take a risk.


 Qin Bai Sheng got closer and closer to the cloud building, he had an investigative immortal killer move, he walked straight ahead. Fang Yuan controlled this cloud building, he was right beside Qin Bai Sheng’s path of advancement, they were about three hundred steps away from each other linearly.


 The range of the investigative immortal killer move was definitely more than three hundred steps, but it was hindered by the twelve wave cloud confusion formation.


 Once Qin Bai Sheng got to a certain proximity, the cloud building would appear in his investigative range.


 That way, Qin Bai Sheng would charge directly to the cloud building, Fang Yuan’s first defensive battle would end up as a failure.


 But this type of failure was not scary, Fang Yuan had no psychological burden if he failed. To Fang Yuan, no matter how many losses he has, his fighting spirit would not dwindle, it would not change his plans and his mind would not be disrupted.


 But soon, a change occurred.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s expression suddenly changed, he turned towards the north-east direction and flew rapidly.


 “Not only is their information path technique immortal level, it is extremely useful against the Gu formation, they can actually transmit information inside the Gu formation.” Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan heard Lang Ya land spirit’s surprised voice.


 Fang Yuan nodded lightly, replying: “Since they attacked us, they definitely came prepared. But from your words, did they not expose this technique last time?”


 The land spirit was silent for a moment before answering: “No. Earlier, the cloud buildings were defended by desolate beasts, they were fighting alone and killing the desolate beasts to destroy the cloud buildings. But this time, Mo Tan Sang and the desolate beasts are defending the cloud buildings together, they must have changed their tactics after seeing that there was a defending Gu Immortal, and went to reinforce each other.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned grim: “Not good, Mo Tan Sang is the leader of Inkman City, it is already quite generous of him to come and reinforce us, but he would have to conceal his appearance in battle. Once his relationship with you is exposed, Northern Plains’ Inkman City would face a huge crisis. If Mo Tan Sang fights under such restraints, against a powerful foe that has the superiority in numbers, he would not be able to protect the cloud building.”


 The land spirit responded immediately: “This twelve wave cloud confusion formation uses Lang Ya blessed land’s own dao marks to divert the enemies and split them up, forcing them to fight individually. In theory, it can isolate rank seven and rank six information path immortal killer moves, preventing enemies from communicating. Even if they have hole earth Gu set up, it is useless. But these people are able to communicate with each other now, it is likely related to the previous few waves!”


 “Sigh! I should not have been greedy over the profits of selling Gu Immortal slaves, I should have killed them. Among these people, there should be someone who has quite an impressive wisdom path technique. I had already cleansed all of the memories of the Gu Immortal slaves from their souls.”


 Lang Ya land spirit analyzed it thoroughly, he felt much regret.


 Fang Yuan agreed with Lang Ya land spirit’s analysis.


 Gu Immortals battle with their wits, they were all brilliant characters. Qin Bai Sheng only did one action of assisting his ally, and he exposed so many details.


 Similarly, since the last few waves were related to his intelligence, Lang Ya blessed land also leaked out many secrets as well.


 “Can I see the battle scene over there?” Fang Yuan requested.


 On the mirror, the scene of the battle was displayed.


 Mo Tan Sang was riding on a desolate beast, fighting with Gu Immortal Hei Cheng.


 Mo Tan Sang was a rank six Gu Immortal, he was at a disadvantage. He mainly cultivated qi path, but now he was using other methods to fight.


 Hei Cheng had a hidden injury, but he was still rank seven, he did not use dark arrow Immortal Gu, but he still had control over the battle.


 Most importantly, the reason was that Mo Tan Sang was afraid of exposing his identity, he had his Inkman City to defend, he could not allow it to face danger. Thus, he only rode on the desolate beast, letting it fight primarily, while he used healing and defensive techniques.


 The desolate beast was peerless in bravery, but it lacked the wisdom to inspect the battle situation. But with Mo Tan Sang’s attentive assistance, even though the desolate beast was at a disadvantage, it was still full of energy, it could hold on for a long time.


 But Fang Yuan knew that Qin Bai Sheng was coming soon, the desolate beast would definitely die at that time.


 While Fang Yuan was concerned with Mo Tan Sang’s situation, a third figure entered close proximity with Fang Yuan.


 “Xue Song Zi, he didn’t receive any orders to go to that battlefield?” Fang Yuan was perplexed, he had some guesses internally.


 A moment later, Xue Song Zi found Fang Yuan’s cloud building.


 His movement paused for a moment before shooting towards the cloud building at lightning speed.


 Fang Yuan stood up too, he had a stern expression.


 Battle erupted at once!



***
Chapter 874 - Killed By One Slap!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Among the seven Gu Immortals who were invading Lang Ya blessed land, the one Fang Yuan wanted to face the most was Xue Song Zi.


 Because Xue Song Zi was the one with the lowest cultivation level among them, his battle strength was also likely to be the lowest.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan had fought Xue Song Zi before, during their previous battle, Xue Song Zi was beaten back by the strength path phantom army, he left in a pitiful state.


 In other words, Xue Song Zi had once lost to Fang Yuan, with Fang Yuan’s experience, he knew about Xue Song Zi’s foundation.


 “But I cannot be careless in this battle.” Fang Yuan’s expression was serious, looking at Xue Song Zi in the mirror, getting closer to the cloud building that he was in, he did not have disdain or arrogance inside.


 A lion uses its full strength even when hunting rabbits, Fang Yuan had a vigilant nature.


 Furthermore, in this battle, Fang Yuan had many concerns.


 His first concern was that this was not a solo battle, it was a huge fight between the invaders and Lang Ya blessed land. If Fang Yuan and Xue Song Zi fought, would the other side send reinforcements? That was very likely to happen!


 His second concern was Xue Song Zi’s increase in battle strength.


 In Lang Ya blessed land, the invaders could not use any mortal Gu, the fact that Xue Song Zi could get this far meant that he had at least one Immortal Gu.


 This secret was easily exposed.


 Because Xue Song Zi’s speed in reaching Fang Yuan was extremely fast, he was using a true immortal killer move.


 “It seems that in this battle, I have to plot and sneak attack him, ensuring my advantage. Even if someone reinforces him later, my pressure would be much lower.” Malicious thoughts were moving rapidly in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 When plotting against others, malicious thoughts were most effective. Fang Yuan was very experienced with this.


 Xue Song Zi progressed rapidly.


 The scene before him was stagnant, all he saw was white fog that filled his entire vision.


 As he flew rapidly, the cold winds were blowing on him, but he felt extremely excited.


 “This is the difference between Immortal Gu and mortal Gu, it truly is spectacular.” Xue Song Zi experienced the joy of flying using an immortal killer move, a portion of his mind was concentrating on his own immortal aperture.


 In his immortal aperture, there was an ice path Immortal Gu, it was quite massive. It was around the size of an average horse, the entire Immortal Gu looked like a heart, it was an icy statue that looked very vivid, frost energy was emanating from it.


 This was ice heart Immortal Gu.


 Ice heart Immortal Gu was not Xue Song Zi’s possession, it was lent to him by Shadow Sect’s Qin Bai Sheng, in order to boost his strength when invading Lang Ya blessed land.


 Not only did Qin Bai Sheng give Xue Song Zi this rank six Immortal Gu, he even gave him several immortal killer moves that used ice heart Immortal Gu as the core, encompassing attack, defense, movement, healing, and others.


 Xue Song Zi was originally a snow path Gu Immortal, but snow path and ice path were twins, they were almost indistinguishable and closely related. This ice path Immortal Gu and its killer moves were very suitable for Xue Song Zi.


 Ice heart Immortal Gu emitted bone chilling frost energy, but Xue Song Zi’s heart was burning with passion!


 Qin Bai Sheng has promised Xue Song Zi before moving off for this mission, if they achieved their goal this time, he would give that ice path Immortal Gu to Xue Song Zi as his reward.


 Thus, Xue Song Zi was full of motivation, ever since they entered the blessed land, he was working very enthusiastically.


 After all, back then he was searching for wooden chicken Immortal Gu, he did not stint on subsidizing Ma tribe in the struggle for the Imperial Court.


 Right now there was such a good chance, and ice heart Immortal Gu was much more compatible with him than wooden chicken Immortal Gu, he was definitely moved.


 “Cloud building!” Xue Song Zi’s figure halted, he shouted in surprise.


 In the endless white fog before him, a tall building appeared.


 Xue Song Zi soon became overjoyed: “To think that my luck is so good, I actually found a cloud building!”


 The mission Qin Bai Sheng gave him was to find the formation cores of the twelve cloud buildings inside the twelve wave cloud confusion formation and destroy them.


 “If I can destroy a cloud building alone, that would be a huge merit. According to our earlier agreement for rewards, I will obtain quite a sum. But each cloud building is defended by a desolate beast, I should be careful.” Soon after, Xue Song Zi calmed down.


 As if it had heard his thoughts, a desolate beast descended from the cloud building, jumping towards him.


 This desolate beast was huge like an elephant. It was yellow-brown in color, and thick fur covered more than half of its body.


 It was the yellow jade lion desolate beast that Fang Yuan had picked up in Starry Sky grotto-heaven, and had given to Lang Ya land spirit.


 The yellow jade lion did not make a sound, it moved like lightning as it charged towards Xue Song Zi.


 “Just in time.” Xue Song Zi showed an excited expression with much battle intent, but his body retreated backwards instead, he was very vigilant.


 The yellow jade lion’s attack did not hit, instead, Xue Song Zi increased the distance between them.


 The latter waved his sleeve and a huge blizzard blew out.


 The blizzard howled as lumps of snow as large as eggs flew towards the yellow jade lion.


 This was not a mortal killer move, it was the immortal killer move ‘cold condensed snow’. Only an immortal killer move could be used in this situation, mortal killer moves could not even be used in this place.


 The yellow jade lion could not open its eyes, cold frost energy was spreading, forming a thick layer of frost on its body.


 The yellow jade lion’s body shook itself, most of the frost was shrugged off, it continued running towards Xue Song Zi.


 Xue Song Zi’s gaze was focused on the yellow jade lion’s fur, he snorted in disdain.


 His immortal killer move had insufficient attacking power, but the frost energy would invade the body and affect the enemy’s speed and movement.


 The yellow jade lion did not have a large size among desolate beasts, but it had great strength and agility.


 Xue Song Zi used this move to weaken the yellow jade lion’s speed advantage. But the yellow jade lion was a desolate beast, and it had very thick fur.


 If it were another desolate beast, its flesh and blood might have been frozen by the frost energy. But the yellow jade lion had the traits of its species, it resisted this move and only its fur was frozen.


 Xue Song Zi was not adept at close combat, he liked to fight at long range.


 After seeing the yellow jade lion closing in, he retreated again.


 Immortal killer move — Ice Trace!


 He faced the yellow jade lion as he flew backwards and retreated. Along the path that he retreated, frost gathered as the ground became an icy path.


 The yellow jade lion’s frontal assault was slowed greatly when it stepped onto this icy trail.


 Xue Song Zi retreated rapidly, after making sure there was a huge distance between them, he laughed: “Beast, take my penetrating ice blade!”


 He raised his hand and slashed at the yellow jade lion, which was far away.


 Crack.


 A huge ice blade formed in the air instantly, the ice blade flew down from above, it was fast and sharp, hitting the yellow jade lion’s back harshly.


 The yellow jade lion growled in pain, blood splattered, but was quickly frozen and became solid.


 The penetrating ice blade shattered like glass, but the frost energy inside directly spread into the yellow jade lion’s body, its offensive power came in multiple forms, overwhelming the opponent, it was hard to defend against, this was a vicious and ruthless move.


 The yellow jade lion growled at the sky, the sound waves causing ripples in the clouds. Its four claws were glowing with fire, its speed increased and it could dodge with greater flexibility.


 The yellow jade lion had large numbers of mortal Gu worms in its body, this was intentionally produced by Lang Ya land spirit.


 Because they were on the side defending the blessed land, the yellow jade lion could use all of its mortal Gu worms.


 But the frost energy was inside its body, the yellow jade lion’s speed fell greatly.


 Xue Song Zi had the advantage, he continued to use immortal killer moves to attack the yellow jade lion.


 The situation was getting worse for the yellow jade lion, wounds were piling up on its body, it was getting slower. When it coughed blood, what came out was not warm blood, but cold frozen blood.


 “Hahaha, great, this feels great!” Xue Song Zi laughed loudly in a carefree manner.


 He had used all of the immortal killer moves that Qin Bai Sheng gave to him, he could feel the power of having immortal killer moves. In the past, desolate beasts greatly troubled him, but after getting bombarded by his immortal killer moves, this one could only run around and growl pitifully.


 “Next is the final move, ice heart lock... I have to test its power as well!” Xue Song Zi stopped running, he advanced and charged towards the yellow jade lion.


 He was extremely fast, like an eagle trying to capture food in the sky.


 Before the yellow jade lion reacted, its Gu worms had already felt Xue Song Zi’s immense aura and had activated an armor made of light on the yellow jade lion’s body.


 “Hmph! Child’s play!” Xue Song Zi’s eyes shined with cruelty, he waved his hand as he used an immortal killer move, penetrating ice blade, again.


 Bam!


 The ice blade hit the yellow jade lion’s back, breaking into pieces.


 The armor of light made by mortal Gu did not even last for a moment before it was destroyed by the ice blade effortlessly.


 A deep wound that revealed the bone was made on the yellow jade lion’s back.


 The yellow jade lion cried out in pain, it could not hold on anymore, it sprawled on the ground.


 Xue Song Zi stepped on the yellow jade lion’s back, he suddenly lied down and placed both hands on the yellow jade lion’s body.


 Crack crack.


 Soft sounds of ice forming could be heard.


 First, it was a thin layer of ice growing on the yellow jade lion’s back, with Xue Song Zi at the center, the ice rapidly extended over the yellow jade lion’s body.


 Soon, this thin layer of ice thickened at a rapid speed.


 Not only that, on the yellow jade lion’s body, a similarly powerful frost energy was gathering and freezing its blood, flesh, bones, and even its intestines.


 Xue Song Zi’s expression was pale, he thought to himself inwardly: “This ice heart lock is really powerful, it can forcefully freeze even desolate beasts. But this immortal killer move expends way too much immortal essence.”


 After Xue Song Zi noticed this, he wanted to stop.


 But soon, greed grew inside him: “Why don’t I capture this yellow jade lion alive. I can freeze it first, and thaw it later when I sell it to someone. A living desolate beast is of huge value even in treasure yellow heaven! Hehehe.”


 Just as he was dreaming about this beautiful future, there was an explosion from the yellow jade lion below him.


 With a loud bang, a strength path giant hand grabbed onto Xue Song Zi, who was unable to escape in time.


 Xue Song Zi was flustered: “What is this? Ice armor!”


 A thick ice armor appeared on his body, the strength path giant hand grabbed onto the ice armor, as cracks appeared on the armor.


 Xue Song Zi’s lips curled up, he showed a ruthless smile: “With this, I can test my defensive killer move’s other ability. Ice armor, detonate!”


 With a loud bang, the ice armor exploded, and huge amounts of frost energy filled the surroundings.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path giant hand was pushed back by the huge force.


 Xue Song Zi used the chance and flew out, but at the next moment, his sinister smile froze.


 Above his head, a strength path giant hand was prepared and ready to strike. Xue Song Zi flew into the sky, his ice armor had just broken, he could not activate it immediately again.


 This strength path giant hand slapped him like swatting a fly, as it landed on him, Xue Song Zi was beaten into a lump of meat paste!



***
Chapter 875 - One Versus Two


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “You killed an enemy Gu Immortal? Good, good, good!” Fang Yuan had just gotten out of the yellow jade lion’s body, when Lang Ya land spirit’s voice was heard.


 Fang Yuan’s first thought was: It seems that this Lang Ya blessed land has lots of sound path dao marks.


 Lang Ya land spirit could transmit his voice so easily, Hu Immortal land spirit and Star Form land spirit did not have such an ability. This showed that there were large numbers of sound path dao marks in Lang Ya blessed land.


 The land spirit was very surprised that Fang Yuan could kill Xue Song Zi, he said ‘good’ three times.


 This was the first time the other party had lost a member since the start of this attack!


 “Fang Yuan, to think that you have such battle strength even though you are already so good at deducing Immortal Gu recipes.” At this juncture, Lang Ya land spirit praised as he sighed.


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed too, when he laughed, Xue Song Zi’s meat paste had just landed on the floor.


 Fang Yuan was satisfied with this battle result.


 The yellow jade lion below him was near death, it was used as a pawn by Fang Yuan to deal with Xue Song Zi, it worked really well.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan had only used vaguely familiar face and strength path giant hand, he used very few resources to kill Xue Song Zi, while obtaining a huge effect.


 By this point, Fang Yuan deeply knew that all kinds of fights were just an extension of economic conflicts.


 In other words, wars, battles, they were like business, whatever you put in and gain will all be in the financial aspect.


 Why was Fang Yuan quite satisfied? Because he put in a minimal amount of resources into this battle, but had created a huge impact. In the terminology of business, he put in a small sum of capital and earned a huge amount of profits in return!


 Xue Song Zi had Immortal Gu with him and a complete set of immortal killer moves, if Fang Yuan fought him head on, he might not have been able to defeat him even after a dozen rounds of moves.


 Although Xue Song Zi could only use immortal killer moves here, even though Fang Yuan could use mortal Gu, against the power of immortal killer moves, he had to use immortal killer moves to counter them, right?


 Thus, his green grape immortal essence expenditure would be huge.


 Expending a huge amount of immortal essence when Xue Song Zi might not even lose, what’s more, if he managed to summon more Gu Immortals to help him, Fang Yuan would have to retreat.


 Battles between Gu Immortals were not rigid duels where each person exchanged one move at a time, they were filled with schemes and plots.


 Fang Yuan had deduced that Xue Song Zi had low battle strength, and as a member of Snowy Mountain blessed land, he was an outsider among the invading Gu Immortals.


 He also deduced that Xue Song Zi had Immortal Gu.


 Most importantly, Fang Yuan knew what Xue Song Zi had done in the previous Imperial Court contest, Xue Song Zi had a huge desire for Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan knew that. Thus, he easily deduced the reason why Xue Song Zi had an Immortal Gu, as well as his current state of mind.


 As the saying goes, know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Xue Song Zi knew nothing about Fang Yuan, and he was also an outsider, it seemed that he did not receive Qin Bai Sheng’s warning.


 If Qin Bai Sheng had told Xue Song Zi that the cloud buildings had Gu Immortals defending them, Xue Song Zi would not have been so careless.


 What was more fatal was that earlier, the invaders had attacked ruthlessly, destroying many cloud building formation cores, while killing many desolate beasts. After every battle, Qin Bai Sheng would send out the information and inform everyone.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s actions were understandable. Because when Gu Immortals were split up and searching for the formation cores aimlessly, they might feel very uncertain from detecting nothing and experience a drop in morale.


 When Xue Song Zi heard the notifications, he felt that his side was having a landslide victory, his morale was high. His loss to Fang Yuan was also because of the same reason that an arrogant army was bound to lose.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan was scheming and devious, he had a huge advantage as the hidden party.


 Of course, his guesses could have been wrong, after all, they were all estimations.


 But in fact, he had a complete understanding of Xue Song Zi’s mental state. He even hid inside the yellow jade lion’s body deviously.


 Xue Song Zi has an investigative immortal killer move, he had scanned the yellow jade lion’s body at least three times. But he was afraid that the yellow jade lion might have a wild Immortal Gu on it, if it attacked while he was distracted, he would be in trouble.


 Because Xue Song Zi did not find any Immortal Gu, he became even more careless.


 Fang Yuan’s vaguely familiar face had great importance during this process. If he did not use this killer move to conceal himself, even if he hid inside the yellow jade lion’s body, Xue Song Zi would have found him.


 Because of all these reasons, such a shocking result occurred.


 Gu Immortals were all dragons among men, if Xue Song Zi was not careless, with his current strength, he could totally fight Fang Yuan head on, even if he was slightly weaker, he could definitely drag out the battle for some time.


 But it was a pity that his opponent was Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, in nice words, they could be called wisdom, but bluntly speaking, they allowed him to scheme deviously, he could use a portion of his strength and unleash it with multiple times the effect.


 “Lang Ya land spirit, I killed Xue Song Zi, how will you reward me? Xue Song Zi’s immortal aperture was destroyed, everything inside it was destroyed as well, but his dao marks have all gone to this blessed land.” Fang Yuan smiled as he asked.


 “Hahaha, don’t worry, you will be heavily rewarded after the battle. I hope you can defend this cloud building well, Mo Tan Sang is already heavily injured, he barely escaped, his cloud building was destroyed. You have Xue Song Zi’s soul, we need to search it and find out these people’s details.” The land spirit replied.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze became slightly firmer.


 This was not the first time he had captured a Gu Immortal’s soul, back then in Tai Bai blessed land, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not notice it, but here in Lang Ya blessed land, all of it was exposed to Lang Ya land spirit.


 As for Mo Tan Sang losing his building, it was very normal, this did not differ from Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 “Xue Song Zi died.” Qin Bai Sheng stood on the rubble of a cloud building, suddenly, his body shook and he spoke.


 “What? He has the Immortal Gu you lent him, as well as a complete set of immortal killer moves, how did he die suddenly?” Hei Cheng, who was beside him, felt a great shock.


 After Xue Song Zi died, Hei Cheng’s pressure amplified.


 Among the people in Shadow Sect, even though Hei Cheng was rank seven, his battle strength was quite weak. He was a natural ally of Xue Song Zi.


 Hei Cheng’s constant worry was not the blessed land, but the mysterious ‘allies’ around him.


 “He fell into their trap.” Qin Bai Sheng thought about it for a few moments, his eyes shined brilliantly: “In a frontal fight, unless a rank eight Gu Immortal attacked, Xue Song Zi would have lasted for some time. In Lang Ya blessed land, there are definitely no rank eight Gu Immortals. Thus, the most likely possibility is that Xue Song Zi found a cloud building or something important, in order to get the reward that was promised to him, he did not inform anyone else, and because he got new Immortal Gu, he wanted to test them, this mentality was used by the enemy and they planted a trap. At the appropriate opportunity, they killed Xue Song Zi.”


 Hei Cheng drew in a breath of cold air: “Then his opponent is not simple, they actually plotted Xue Song Zi’s death.”


 Even though he said that, Hei Cheng was even more wary of Qin Bai Sheng.


 This Qin Bai Sheng had both brains and brawn, not only did he have immense battle strength, he could make such a deduction in such a short time with just this much information. In terms of plotting and scheming, they were above his fighting power.


 “Perhaps it was because I was too reluctant to waste our limited communication method. A lesson to be learned.” Qin Bai Sheng sighed eerily, but he soon smiled: “But we have already dismantled eight cloud buildings, I have understood the formation cores of these cloud buildings, and made a mortal killer move that can allow us to find the remaining cloud buildings. But in here, to use this mortal killer move, we will need to use immortal killer moves to protect it.”


 “He made a mortal killer move just like this? What attainment level does he have?” Hei Cheng’s heart jumped.


 Qin Bai Sheng started to transmit to the others, he called the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal to his side, in order to protect him while he used the mortal and immortal killer moves. This showed that Qin Bai Sheng did not trust Hei Cheng at all.


 He even ordered Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi to rush to the place where Xue Song Zi died.


 Qin Bai Sheng lent Xue Song Zi Immortal Gu, but he also took the chance to use his immortal level technique on Xue Song Zi, allowing him to track him.


 This matter was not concealed from Xue Song Zi.


 When Qin Bai Sheng lent him the Immortal Gu, he said: “If I do not use tracking methods on you, if you run away after borrowing my Immortal Gu, what will I do?”


 Based on the promise of giving him the Immortal Gu after the battle, Xue Song Zi relented.


 Thus, back then, Xue Song Zi smiled and flattered, willingly allowing Qin Bai Sheng to use the tracking method on him.


 With the proper direction, He Lang Zi and Hui Feng Zi quickly got to Xue Song Zi’s place of demise.


 Seeing the lump of meat paste on the ground, He Lang Zi snorted in disdain: “What a useless fool.”


 Hui Feng Zi flew down and scouted the place, after seeing no traps, he carefully observed Xue Song Zi’s mushed corpse.


 Soon, his gaze firmed, he had a discovery: “This is troublesome, the other party has a strength path killer move, Xue Song Zi died from this move, this is a powerful move that has great force!”


 Hui Feng Zi’s analysis was correct.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move, myriad self, was no longer like before.


 Even though he could not use cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he had self strength Immortal Gu, pulling mountain Immortal Gu, and pulling water Immortal Gu, these three strength path core Gu.


 It was uncommon for three strength path Immortal Gu to be perfectly fused into one immortal killer move.


 He Lang Zi had some doubts regarding Hui Feng Zi’s words, in fact, he had deep wariness towards all human Gu Immortals.


 He descended as well, standing beside Xue Song Zi’s corpse, his head turned into a wolf’s head, as his wolf pupils shined eerily, they shined with a green light as he looked around. At the same time, he sniffed, trying to find some important information.


 Soon, He Lang Zi’s expression turned ugly, he said solemnly: “Rank seven strength path, it is truly rare, is this Domination Immortal?”


 But he continued: “No matter what, let’s destroy this cloud building first.”


 He Lang Zi was like a wild beast, he acted very directly.


 Hui Feng Zi nodded, he looked around vigilantly, he was afraid of the rank seven strength path expert, he might be lurking around.


 “Hello brothers, you came really quickly. My name is Xing Xiang Zi, I am guarding this cloud building. May I know who both of you are?” Fang Yuan flew out of the cloud building.


 “Be careful, this is a star path rank six Gu Immortal.” Hui Feng Zi transmitted to He Lang Zi.


 He Lang Zi nodded silently.


 He understood Hui Feng Zi’s words, the other party might have two Gu Immortals with one hiding somewhere. Xue Song Zi might have been schemed into death by them!



***
Chapter 876 - Star Cloud Grindstone, Star Snake Rope


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi stared at Fang Yuan vigilantly.


 Currently, Fang Yuan was wearing a blue robe, traces of starlight was flowing out of his large sleeves at times.


 He was no longer burly and brawny, he was thin and tall.


 His skin was not green like his zombie appearance, it was tender and white like a baby, radiating with a faintly red hue. His features also became very refined, together with his long and smooth white hair, he looked like an unfettered expert with an immortal’s flair.


 After obtaining change form Immortal Gu, vaguely familiar face’s effect rose greatly, it allowed Fang Yuan to hugely change his appearance.


 ‘Xing Xiang Zi? Never heard of him.’ He Lang Zi frowned, ruthless light flickered in his eyes, from the moment he got here, he felt something strange.


 “You are a Northern Plains Gu Immortal?” Hui Feng Zi’s expression changed, he looked very calm but was secretly on alert that there might be a rank seven strength path Gu Immortal hiding nearby.


 Fang Yuan waved his sleeves, laughing heartily: “I am a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, I am an insignificant lone cultivator. Both of you are famous characters in Northern Plains, we cannot be compared.”


 He knew about He Lang Zi, although he did not recognize Hui Feng Zi, but viewing this situation, He Lang Zi and Hui Feng Zi were moving side by side. According to He Lang Zi’s wild nature, he could deduce that Hui Feng Zi had strength that was not inferior to He Lang Zi!


 “Since you know about our fame, why are you not retreating? If we really fight, it would be unwise for you to die in my hands.” Hui Feng Zi sneered, his gaze was like a dagger piercing towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly and helplessly: “A promise is a promise, even though I am not good at fighting, I will have to challenge both of you. Please!”


 He spoke nonsense with his mouth, but he was quite overjoyed internally.


 Vaguely familiar face’s effect was quite good.


 Both of them were rank seven, the moment Fang Yuan appeared, they must have used their investigative killer moves.


 But now it seemed that neither of them had any suspicion towards Fang Yuan’s identity.


 If they found out about Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie status, He Lang Zi would have attacked already. Star path rank six was already lower than his cultivation level, an immortal zombie would be even lower.


 Of course, there was a possibility that they had found out, but were just trying to probe the situation.


 Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi looked at Xing Xiang Zi in front of them, even though he was rank six and had lower cultivation level, he was inviting them to battle. Unconsciously, they thought about the hidden strength path Gu Immortal.


 The two demonic path immortals looked at each other, Hui Feng Zi said to He Lang Zi: “Why don’t you attack, I will assist you by the side.”


 He Lang Zi was also very wary of the rank seven strength path Gu Immortal that killed Xue Song Zi.


 “Since Hui Feng Zi is keeping watch, if the mysterious rank seven strength path Gu Immortal attacks during battle, there is not much to worry about. I have a really strong feeling that something is amiss, but I don’t know what.”


 He Lang Zi frowned slightly, nodding at Hui Feng Zi.


 At the next moment, he growled as he pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan saw that the famous demon of Northern Plains, He Lang Zi, was charging at him, he smiled lightly.


 “Let’s start.” Fang Yuan pushed forward with both hands, using an immortal killer move.


 At that instant, starlight shone as a spiral of starlight clouds gathered and formed. In a few breaths of time, it was the size of two or three elephants.


 This spiral of star clouds spun rapidly, emitting an suction force towards the outside.


 Star path immortal killer move — Star Cloud Grindstone!


 This was Star Lord Wan Xiang’s defensive killer move, all long range attacks could be sucked in and grinded into pieces by the star cloud grindstone.


 In regards to a close range fighter like He Lang Zi, once he enters the star cloud grindstone, he would be restricted in movement and would be crushed slowly by the grindstone.


 In other words, this was a defensive killer move with very strong offensive power.


 Howl!


 He Lang Zi’s body shined with a bright light, the light was dazzling and even Fang Yuan had to shut his eyes momentarily.


 At the next moment, the light faded and a wolf appeared.


 This wolf was not large, it was even smaller than usual wolves. But it emitted a dangerous aura, Fang Yuan’s eyelids jumped.


 It had no fur on its body, it was like an oiled brown wooden statue, emitting an eerie aura.


 On the wolf’s head, there was a naturally growing mushroom-like bone, it resembled a black triangular hat.


 Below the hat, in the wolf’s eyes, there were no shiny pupils, instead, two lumps of green flames were burning quietly.


 A rank seven desolate beast that ate soul beasts as food.


 Fragrant Sorcerer Yin Statue Wolf!


 After He Lang Zi transformed into the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf, his speed was three times that of before! He was like a lump of shadow, flickering before Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 “Such great speed! My investigative killer move could not capture it!” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 No matter what fight Gu Immortals were in, speed was always a crucial factor.


 Whoever was faster would have the initiative, advancing or retreating could be easily achieved.


 The slower one would not be able to hit the other party if they attacked, if they wanted to retreat, they would be obstructed.


 He Lang Zi was indeed a famous transformation path demonic immortal of Northern Plains, in his human form, his battle strength could be considered to possibly only be at the level of rank six peak stage.


 But the moment he transformed into a fierce beast, his battle strength surged, it proved that he had undeniable strength living up to his reputation!


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was at a disadvantage, he lost the initiative but he was not flustered.


 Even though he had an incomplete strength path immortal killer move — three pairs of true solid bat wings, he could activate them but he showed no signs of using them at all.


 True solid bat wings was a top tier mortal killer move, once the chance of activating iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu along with it occurred, he would be able to unleash speed equal to an immortal killer move. Thus, it was an incomplete immortal killer move.


 But this effect of this movement killer move was too unstable. Moreover, even if he could activate the iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s speed would still be slower than the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


 This ancient desolate beast wolf could fight on par with rank seven Gu Immortals, it was well known for speed and agility.


 Furthermore, if Fang Yuan used true solid bat wings now, he would be exposing his identity as a strength path Gu Immortal.


 This was not a good idea.


 Fang Yuan purposely transformed into the appearance of a star path Gu Immortal now, he was using the two strong foes to test his star path techniques, to assess his gains in Hu Immortal blessed land these last days while trying to absorb this new battle style!


 The fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf howled intensely, its speed was so fast that Fang Yuan could not sense it, it was faster than lightning, in the blink of an eye, it was right in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, he made a move that was out of He Lang Zi’s expectations.


 He jumped and went into the star cloud grindstone that was activated earlier.


 He Lang Zi had wanted to avoid the star cloud grindstone and directly attack Fang Yuan. Thus, both mentally and physically, he was seeking to avoid this star cloud grindstone.


 Fang Yuan jumping inside was really out of He Lang Zi’s expectations.


 Shhh!


 With a soft sound, the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s claws scratched Fang Yuan’s back.


 The fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was simply too fast. Even though Fang Yuan wanted to dodge it and escape into the star cloud grindstone, he was still scratched on his back by He Lang Zi.


 But this scratch was only a graze, it did not cause much damage to Fang Yuan.


 The immortal zombie body in itself had great defense.


 Fang Yuan’s blue robe was torn, but the injury on his back was only on the surface, his spine and bones were untouched. When blood spewed, the flesh moved as the injury mended quickly, in a few breaths of time, his injury was gone.


 But the blood was still in the air, it gradually changed color and revealed its true form — several drops of immortal zombie blood.


 “Oh? This is a flaw in vaguely familiar face.” Fang Yuan saw the drops of immortal zombie blood, he took note of this mentally.


 At the next moment, he waved his sleeves as he drew the immortal zombie blood inside them, he stood in the middle of the star cloud grindstone as he looked at the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf which was outside, he smiled and invited: “Sir He Lang Zi has incredible agility, would you like to fight me inside here?”


 Why was star cloud grindstone a defensive killer move and not an offensive killer move, this was the reason!


 Fang Yuan was fighting inside now, star cloud grindstone would crush the enemy at all times, while Fang Yuan would be unharmed and unobstructed.


 Fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf stared at the star cloud grindstone intently, in its huge empty eyes, a pair of eerie flames were burning, it made Fang Yuan feel a surge of battle intent from He Lang Zi.


 He Lang Zi was ready to pounce, as Fang Yuan focused his attention.


 But at the next moment, the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf turned around and gave up on the enemy, it pounced at the cloud building.


 ‘Why should I fight with you?’


 ‘My target is to dismantle as many cloud buildings as possible! To destroy this damned twelve wave cloud confusion Gu formation!’


 At this moment, He Lang Zi was laughing to himself internally.


 He Lang Zi’s move was directly targeting Fang Yuan’s weakness, he had to make a tough decision now.


 The reason why Fang Yuan was here was to defend the cloud building, and try to stall for time.


 But now, He Lang Zi was attacking the cloud building and ignoring Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan was forced to make a different move!


 If Fang Yuan stood on the spot and did not move, allowing He Lang Zi to destroy the cloud building, they would reach their goal and triumph. if Fang Yuan chased after him, he might get into physical danger. But the problem was, he could not match He Lang Zi’s speed after he transformed into the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


 Passive, Fang Yuan was in a very passive spot now.


 Gu Immortals were still Gu Immortals after all, in battle, they were much tougher to deal with than desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts.


 He Lang Zi attacked twice, the first time he got around the star cloud grindstone and attacked Fang Yuan, this time, he ignored Fang Yuan and went for the cloud building, he was truly displaying the spirit of ‘Besiege Wei to Rescue Zhao 1 ‘.


 ‘Besiege Wei to Rescue Zhao’, this was something Fang Yuan had read about in his previous life on Earth, but this Gu Master world was also quite extraordinary, there was a similar type of wisdom here.


 Battles between Gu Immortals were full of such wisdom. Not only was there frontal assault based on their strength, there was also the element of planning and scheming against one another.


 Seeing that the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was charging for the cloud building, Fang Yuan, who was inside the star cloud grindstone, was not anxious, instead he smiled lightly.


 Immortal killer move — Star Snake Rope!


 At the edge of the star cloud grindstone, six ropes flew out. The ropes were thin, they were formed from condensed starlight, the ends of the ropes were shining in blue starlight, forming into the appearances of snake heads.


 Six ropes that were like six agile snakes flew forth, they sinuously moved along and coiled around the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s body.


 “Sir He Lang Zi, where are you going? Please come in here and fight.” Fang Yuan laughed as he moved the star cloud grindstone, together with the ropes, he dragged the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf into the star cloud grindstone.


 “Oh? These two immortal killer moves can coordinate with each other. This is a good battle tactic.” At once, even Hui Feng Zi praised as a sharp light flashed in his eyes.



***
Chapter 877 - Six Illusion Star Bodies, Position Star Swap


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 When star snake rope was coordinated with star cloud grindstone, their power would amplify. Even though the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was an ancient desolate beast, it did not have great strength, and because He Lang Zi was not perfectly transformed into it, he was pulled by the star snake ropes helplessly, his struggles were futile as he was dragged back by Fang Yuan.


 He Lang Zi was trapped inside the star cloud grindstone, countless starlight specks assaulted him, grinding against his wolf body, his muscles were tense as he felt increasing pressure.


 At the same time, the six star snake ropes were coiling around the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s body, they tightened and quickly created evident marks on the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s body.


 He Lang Zi could not open his mouth, he only felt an increasing force on him, his bones were starting to creak.


 He Lang Zi was not flustered, thoughts flashed in his head rapidly: “This transformation only obtains the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s speed, I lack defense and strength. This person has a deep foundation in his soul, earlier I used the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf to scratch him, but it was as if nothing happened! Clearly the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s soul injuring attacks have little effect on him.”


 In an instant, He Lang Zi had thought it through.


 Even though the wolf’s mouth was tied up, this did not impede He Lang Zi from using Gu worms, he growled angrily: “Since you are courting death, I will grant it to you!”


 As he said that, lightning burst out.


 Large amounts of lightning shot out in all directions.


 Rumble!


 Balls of lightning exploded fiercely.


 Fang Yuan’s six star snake ropes were drowned in the lightning blast, they first broke apart one by one before becoming decimated.


 He Lang Zi regained freedom, his body was bathed in lightning as he growled loudly.


 Howl—!


 Several breaths of time later, the lightning vanished, and the wolf howl stopped.


 What appeared was no longer a fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf, it was a lightning flash giant wolf!


 This was also an ancient desolate beast, having rank seven battle strength.


 The giant wolf was as large as an elephant, it was covered in blue fur, the tips of the furs were all covered in mysterious blue crystals, they gave off a weak spark.


 The fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was physically weaker, while lightning flash giant wolf was strong and mighty.


 “He actually turned his dao marks into lightning path so quickly! Earlier, the flash of lightning must have been some sort of immortal killer move, it actually has such an amazing effect.”


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he mentally took note of this precious information.


 If he fought He Lang Zi in the future, Fang Yuan would attempt to thwart the immortal killer move earlier and prevent He Lang Zi from transforming successfully.


 He missed his chance this time.


 He Lang Zi would not give Fang Yuan this opportunity.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan knew that this battle was going to be a loss, he only needed to stall for as long as he could.


 He was facing two rank seven Gu Immortals, they were both famous experts. They were also from Northern Plains, having superior battle strength as compared to the other four regions.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan only had rank six star path cultivation now, this time, he was trying to test out vaguely familiar face, as well as the star path killer moves in battle.


 A moment later.


 Boom!


 With a loud bang, a lightning pillar burst into the sky, the star cloud grindstone was on the verge of destruction and could not be maintained anymore.


 Fang Yuan’s blue robe had many tatters and tears, his body was covered in countless injuries.


 Thankfully, this lightning caused the injuries to be charred, no blood spewed out, so Fang Yuan could continue concealing his identity.


 The lightning flash giant wolf howled smugly, speaking human words: “Not a battlefield killer move, yet trying to trap me? Hmph, you are too naive, now die!”


 Saying this, he opened his mouth and shot out a beam of lightning.


 The lightning pillar approached Fang Yuan with incredible might, Fang Yuan’s face was reflecting the blue light as his eyes shined with slight brilliance, he still maintained his composure: “Hehe, if you want me dead, that will not be easy.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan’s body shook, as he turned into six figures and flew out, causing the lightning beam to hit nothing.


 Star path immortal killer move — Six Illusion Star Bodies!


 “He split into six, which one is the real body?” Hui Feng Zi was observing the battle, as he was wary of the strength path Gu Immortal that was lurking, he did not join the fight.


 The six bodies drew an trail of blue starlight behind them in the air as they encircled the lightning flash giant wolf, attacking together.


 At once, starlight flew out as countless mortal killer moves were used on the lightning flash giant wolf.


 He Lang Zi activated his defenses, enduring the attacks from Fang Yuan as he counterattacked fiercely.


 But after he spent a lot of effort to kill one of Fang Yuan’s illusion bodies, another one would be created in its place.


 He Lang Zi attacked left and right, killing a total of eight illusion bodies of Fang Yuan, this could be said to be easily defeating them, but the illusion bodies regenerated after dying, they were endless!


 There were still six Fang Yuans encircling the lightning flash giant wolf as they attacked relentlessly.


 He Lang Zi felt a huge headache.


 Here, he could only use immortal killer moves to defend himself, he was expending rank seven immortal essence. But his opponent was only using mortal killer moves, he was expending primeval essence.


 In this exchange of moves, he was making a huge loss!


 But he had to defend himself, his body could not endure such constant attacks.


 He displayed his attacking methods, but Fang Yuan’s six illusion star bodies were unending, at once, Fang Yuan obtained the initiative for the first time, he gained some control of the situation.


 At this time, He Lang Zi’s investigative methods were put to test.


 “Damn it, this lightning flash giant wolf has great attacking power, but it is not suited for investigation. It has low speed as well, even if I want to attack the cloud building, I would be obstructed by the enemy. Do I need to transform back into the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf?”


 He Lang Zi gritted his teeth secretly.


 Transformation path Gu cultivators could only transform a certain number of times in a period of time.


 This was because their dao marks changed after transforming successfully. When they change into other life forms, the dao marks of the previous transformation would remain, the transformation path Gu Immortal would need to use appropriate Gu worms to cleanse their own body and get rid of those remaining dao marks completely, otherwise, there would be huge harm to themselves.


 He Lang Zi was able to transform into the lightning flash giant wolf from the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf earlier so quickly because he had used a lightning path immortal killer move.


 This move not only attacked the star snake ropes that restricted him, it also destroyed the soul path dao marks on He Lang Zi’s body.


 Thus, He Lang Zi was able to transform into the lightning flash giant wolf rapidly.


 But if He Lang Zi wanted to transform into the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf from his current lightning flash giant wolf form, he would need a soul path immortal killer move that he did not have.


 Immortal killer moves were extremely precious, they were very difficult to deduce.


 He Lang Zi was a person with fortuitous encounters, otherwise with just his lone cultivator status, he would not have his current achievements. Unfortunately, the inheritances that he obtained were all incomplete, they were lacking to a huge degree.


 He was not like Xue Song Zi who had just died, having obtained a complete snow path inheritance from Qin Bai Sheng, and having a set of immortal killer moves to use in succession.


 He was not like Fang Yuan either, having obtained a complete star path inheritance from Star Lord Wan Xiang, star cloud grindstone, star snake rope, six illusion star bodies were all created by using Star Mark, Star Shoot, and Starlight, these three Immortal Gu as the cores, they also smoothly complemented each other.


 Hei Lou Lan tried all ways possible to turn the mortal killer move, self strength giant phantom, into an immortal killer move. She had a good foundation already, but she still faced great difficulty.


 Even though Fang Yuan had grandmaster attainment in strength path, and the help of the light of wisdom, he did not dare to deduce other strength path immortal killer moves casually. It was not that he was incapable of doing so, but because the time and effort needed was too much.


 He Lang Zi did not have any wisdom path foundation, to deduce a suitable immortal killer move for himself, that was immensely more difficult!


 Of course, with He Lang Zi’s strength, if he wanted to endure Fang Yuan’s attacks while getting rid of his lightning path dao marks, it was not impossible. He had a higher cultivation level, Fang Yuan’s strength was inferior to his.


 But that way, he would drag it out for too long.


 While He Lang Zi was hesitant, Hui Feng Zi struck.


 Fang Yuan’s attacks came to a halt, he was surprised to find out that on his head, there was a green feather.


 “When was I hit? What immortal killer move is this, it can actually expose my true body?” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 Hui Feng Zi had been using his investigative immortal killer move the moment Fang Yuan used six illusion star bodies, after exposing Fang Yuan’s true body, he immediately used another immortal killer move to mark him.


 Even though Hui Feng Zi was not engaged in the battle, wary of a lurking strength path Gu Immortal, it did not mean that he could not do anything.


 Fang Yuan was fighting two strong enemies alone, and they were both rank seven Gu Immortals, his disadvantage was great.


 Once Fang Yuan’s true body was exposed, he was attacked by the lightning flash giant wolf with precision.


 Left without a choice, Fang Yuan activated star cloud grindstone and placed it in front of him.


 But the lightning flash giant wolf was an ancient desolate beast, it shot out fierce lightning and several star cloud grindstones were destroyed one after another.


 Fang Yuan quickly moved his other five star bodies to disrupt He Lang Zi.


 If He Lang Zi was an ancient desolate beast, he might have gotten distracted. But he had the intelligence and wisdom of a human, he ignored these star bodies and only attacked Fang Yuan’s main body.


 Fang Yuan was getting into a passive position, in front of him, the star cloud grindstone was being destroyed by the lightning pillar, and behind the lightning pillar, the lightning flash giant wolf was charging at him.


 Immortal killer move — Position Star Swap!


 Fang Yuan’s body shined with starlight, he vanished on the spot and appeared somewhere else, he directly replaced one of the six illusion star bodies.


 This was a movement killer move that was recorded in Star Lord Wan Xiang’s inheritance, it could allow Fang Yuan to vanish and take the place of one of the star bodies at any point in time.


 After replacing it, the original illusion body would disappear, and on the battlefield, other than Fang Yuan’s main body, only four illusion bodies would be left.


 But soon, Fang Yuan willed and another illusion star body appeared, standing beside him. The number of illusion star bodies on the field reached the maximum capacity again.


 At once, the lightning flash giant wolf that He Lang Zi transformed into opened its mouth wide, unable to close it.


 He’s gaze also froze for a breath’s time.


 Position star swap and six illusion star bodies were two immortal killer moves that worked together really well, this was a shameless tactic that caused the two experts, Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi to become speechless.


 Unless they had a method to counter it, or if they could resolve one of the two star path killer moves, Fang Yuan was a very troublesome character to deal with now.


 Unfortunately, neither Hui Feng Zi or He Lang Zi had any way to counter this. To unravel an unknown immortal killer move, they would need a strong wisdom path foundation, it could not be done quickly.


 However, just as Fang Yuan and He Lang Zi went into a deadlock, Hui Feng Zi made up his mind and struck.


 Immortal killer move — Wind Escape!


 He turned into a gust of wind, vanishing on the spot.


 At the next moment, he appeared outside the cloud building, opening his mouth wide.


 Immortal killer move — Death Wind Flying Blade!


 A wind blade flew out of Hui Feng Zi’s mouth, slashing at the cloud building’s top floor.


 The cloud building only lasted for a breath’s time before it was cut into two by this sharp wind blade!


 “Wind escape? A top tier movement killer move in Northern Plains! He is Hui Feng Zi!” At that instant, Fang Yuan realized Hui Feng Zi’s identity, he shouted for Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit appeared immediately, grabbing Fang Yuan’s arm as they vanished on the spot with a swoosh.



***
Chapter 878 - Moment of Crisis


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 When Fang Yuan was able to see again, he was already in another cloud building.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air, it might have been difficult to withdraw without Lang Ya land spirit’s help.


 After all, one of the enemies was Hui Feng Zi.


 This person was known as among the best in movement speed currently in Northern Plains, he could even outrun rank eight Gu Immortals. He had a shocking achievement of having escaped from Yao Huang.


 But difficult did not mean impossible.


 Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel and only needed three breaths of time to escape. Even if Hui Feng Zi was very fast, it would be of no help should he have enough time.


 “There were only five cloud buildings remaining in the first place, now we have lost two in a row, and we only delayed the enemies for a short time. The enemies are already attacking, this time, the three of us will move together!” Lang Ya land spirit instructed with a serious expression.


 When Lang Ya land spirit spoke, Fang Yuan discovered that besides him and the land spirit, there was an inkman Gu Immortal in the cloud building.


 Fang Yuan assessed this inkman Gu Immortal.


 The inkman Gu Immortal possessed distinct inkman characteristics — black skin and white hair. He also seemed to be rather old judging by the wrinkles all over his face.


 ‘Wasn’t it said Inkman City only had one Gu Immortal, the Inkman King Mo Tan Sang? It seems this inkman Gu Immortal is one of the trump cards of Inkman City, kept hidden ordinarily. My intelligence from Fairy Li Shan had no mention of him. He only made his appearance due to the crisis in Lang Ya blessed land.’


 Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


 ‘Inkmen are variant humans, there are very few Gu Immortals among variant human tribes. Inkman City being able to conceal a Gu Immortal should already be their limit. But then again, for Inkman City to send out their two Gu Immortals for Lang Ya blessed land, it could be said to be taking a big risk. This means Mo Tan Sang has a lot of trust in Lang Ya land spirit.’


 Fang Yuan was able to understand the wider situation with a small clue, he had only just seen this inkman Gu Immortal, but was able to connect this to many things.


 This inkman Gu Immortal nodded at Fang Yuan but did not say anything, as if he did not want to have much interaction with Fang Yuan.


 This was expected.


 Even if Fang Yuan had changed his appearance greatly, he was still a human Gu Immortal.


 Currently in the five regions, or even the entire world, variant humans were suppressed, captured and trained as slaves to be sold.


 Almost all variant humans were barely staying alive.


 This Inkman City in Northern Plains was already an extremely rare and valuable settlement of variant humans.


 This was also because the leaders of Inkman City, from generation to generation, were all Gu Immortals.


 How could Inkman City exist without the protection of Gu Immortals? Forces both large and small would have already allied to capture the inkmen as slaves.


 It could be said that without a Gu Immortal, the lives of variant humans was similar to that of small and tiny tribes, scattered in nooks and crannies over the world.


 It was not that variant humans did not want to group together to form middle scale and large scale tribes, but that if their numbers were large, it would be summoning disaster, attracting countless forces to hunt them down and make them slaves.


 This aged inkman Gu Immortal seemed to be very much on alert in regards to humans, he only nodded at Fang Yuan and remained at his spot without any intention to communicate.


 Fang Yuan also nodded in reply.


 Lang Ya land spirit, who was at the side, was frowning as he anxiously looked outside the window, he suddenly spoke: “They arrived so quickly! They are directly charging towards this cloud building, the situation does not look good, they seem to hold some investigative method that targets my twelve wave cloud confusion formation.”


 Fang Yuan quickly looked outside, but only saw the vast fog.


 He knew his investigative killer moves were not much good, but Lang Ya land spirit’s words should be true.


 Sure enough, several breaths of time later, wind surged, dispelling the thick fog and revealing a clear space.


 Two enemy Gu Immortals were proudly standing in the air.


 One was wearing a black robe and was very good looking, but because of some injuries, his expression appeared pale, making one feel that although this person was unfettered and elegant, he did not seem to have much longer to live.


 He was Hei Cheng.


 The other Gu Immortal was wearing martial attire, he had broad shoulders and a thin waist, and his eyes were emitting sharp light, Fang Yuan was familiar with this person — rank seven Gu Immortal, Qin Bai Sheng!


 Fang Yuan immediately put most of his attention on Qin Bai Sheng.


 In Fang Yuan’s knowledge: This Qin Bai Sheng was extremely strong, an expert at the level of Central Continent’s Shi Lei. If they were to openly fight, Fang Yuan knew he was not Qin Bai Sheng’s match.


 One needed to know their limitations.


 One of the reasons Fang Yuan could live so long was because he knew himself well enough.


 Even though he had the strength path killer move myriad self, and did not lack immortal essence stones for the moment, and also possessed a set of star path immortal killer moves which made up for a lot of his shortcomings, but if they were to truly battle, he could at best only force a draw with difficulty against experts at the level of Old Lord Can Yang, He Lang Zi, Hui Feng Zi and Unfettered Scholar.


 He was able to kill Xue Song Zi before, because his luck was good and his plan had succeeded.


 He used star path battle strength to deal with He Lang Zi and was able to turn the situation into a stalemate, but He Lang Zi’s third immortal transformation was not forced out. In other words, He Lang Zi still had strength left.


 Clearly, the land spirit also knew Qin Bai Sheng’s strength, thus was frowning deeply, mumbling: “Damn it, I am so close. If only I had some time, all these tigers would turn into sick cats!”


 He seemed to have some powerful method, but it required time to be put to use.


 Unfortunately, the enemies did not intend to give any time to Lang Ya land spirit.


 The enemies were already closing in on the cloud building, Lang Ya land spirit had no choice but to brace himself to resist.


 The next moment, the land spirit turned towards the inkman Gu Immortal in the corner: “Old Mo, you can go first to fight them, try to stall for as much time as possible.”


 “Yes, Lord Lang Ya.’ The inkman Gu Immortal slightly bowed before flying out of the cloud building.


 “Fang Yuan, be prepared to move out.” Lang Ya land spirit instructed Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded, while thinking inwardly: ‘With just my star path methods, I can only deal with one or two enemies at the level of Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi. It is impossible to think of victory, but I can still delay for time. However, in facing Qin Bai Sheng, I must use all my strength, it is absolutely out of question to try to make do with just star path cultivation.’


 Just as he was thinking, an extremely intense suppression force spread from ahead.


 “What is this?!” The terrifying pressure caused Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit to turn pale.


 They quickly looked over, brilliant golden light filled their sight.


 After the golden light dispersed, they saw Qin Bai Sheng standing proudly in the air, while Hei Cheng was looking at him from behind as if he was a monster.


 And in Qin Bai Sheng’s hands, was a head.


 It was the head of that inkman Gu Immortal!


 As for this Gu Immortal’s body, it had fallen to the ground.


 Qin Bai Sheng had actually killed a rank six Gu Immortal in this breath of time!


 What was this speed!


 What level of power was this!!


 This power which could directly kill an extremely vigilant Gu Immortal, even if it was a variant human, was too terrifying!


 Even the experienced and knowledgeable Hei Cheng was dumbstruck. Even though he had personally seen Qin Bai Sheng overpowering He Lang Zi in one move.


 But overpowering and killing a Gu Immortal were two different concepts.


 The inkman Gu Immortal had just flown over and was just about to say something.


 Qin Bai Sheng had immediately attacked.


 He did not even give a chance for the enemy to speak.


 What was that move?


 The Gu Immortals present on the scene, as well as the land spirit, did not have any clues.


 “Terrifying! This Qin Bai Sheng’s battle strength has already surpassed Shi Lei, and is fully at the level of Feng Jiu Ge. Let’s retreat!” Fang Yuan bellowed at Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit also came to his senses, and just as Fang Yuan shouted, he grabbed Fang Yuan’s arm and swiftly disappeared from the spot.


 “What’s going on?” In another cloud building, Mo Tan Sang was standing guard, and was surprised to see Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit appear so suddenly.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was extremely unsightly, he did not know the secrets of Qin Bai Sheng’s background, but that decapitation just now left an extremely deep impression on him.


 Lang Ya land spirit was filled with panic as he looked all around: “What should we do?”


 His body suddenly shook and he looked towards the northwest direction, his gaze seemingly passing through the cloud building. He was terrified: “They are coming directly towards us. This, what can we do?!”


 Mo Tan Sang took a step forward.


 He glanced at the ‘stranger’ Fang Yuan, clearly not recognizing Fang Yuan’s appearance.


 Mo Tan Sang also did not inquire about Fang Yuan’s identity, and instead asked Lang Ya land spirit a question in concern.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not reply to him, he was extremely anxious, this was the first time Mo Tan Sang had seen this.


 It was instead Fang Yuan who answered Mo Tan Sang, his voice heavy and filled with apprehension: “That inkman Gu Immortal is dead, he could not last even one move... he was decapitated by Qin Bai Sheng! This battle strength is already comparable to rank eight, only with a large gap in strength can there be this kind of crushing battle result!”


 “What? Elder Mo is dead?! Killed in one move by Qin Bai Sheng?” Mo Tan Sang’s whole body shook, revealing a disbelieving and shocked expression.


 Soon, the shock on his face disappeared and his gaze became blank.


 The death of the old inkman Gu Immortal was a heavy strike to Mo Tan Sang.


 Inkman City had two Gu Immortals altogether, now only Mo Tan Sang was left. The disastrous loss was evident.


 “How could Qin Bai Sheng be so strong?” Mo Tan Sang’s face was filled with cold sweat as he reacted short after, he was a person of great talent and vision after all, and immediately understood they could only rely on Lang Ya land spirit’s unfathomable depths.


 He took another step forward and asked Lang Ya land spirit: “Lord Lang Ya land spirit, what should we do? We cannot stall for time! Can’t you use your rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron early to forcibly refine the Immortal Gu of these Gu Immortals?”


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House... Refinement Cauldron?


 ‘This is Lang Ya land spirit’s hidden trump card? It seems this Immortal Gu House can actually forcibly refine the Immortal Gu of others?’ Fang Yuan’s heart shook as he heard this secret.


 Everything became clear!


 It was no wonder that Lang Ya land spirit could resist the invasion of so many Gu Immortals. No wonder Feng Jiu Ge perished here.


 With this rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, as long as a period of time was given, the Immortal Gu of Gu Immortals would be refined by the land spirit. Moreover, the Gu Immortals could only use Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves here.


 If their Immortal Gu were refined by others, then the Gu Immortals could only let others trample upon them.


 No wonder Lang Ya land spirit could capture so many Gu Immortals alive.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House could refine the Immortal Gu of other Gu Immortals, isolating them from immortal apertures, this power was inconceivably strong!


 However, when Fang Yuan thought of it, it was also not strange.


 Long Hair Ancestor was the creator of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was justifiable for him to be able to create another rank eight Immortal Gu House in Refinement Cauldron.


 “If I could forcibly refine the Gu, I would have already done so. What to do? What to do? There is not enough time!!” Lang Ya land spirit raved as he paced around the room in panic.


 Mo Tan Sang had helped resist two waves of attacks, but he had never seen Lang Ya land spirit in such panic, his heart could not help but sink.


 ‘Don’t tell me, not only did I mess up Northern Plains, I even affected Lang Ya blessed land and am causing it to be destroyed earlier?’ Fang Yuan’s mood was also heavy.



***
Chapter 879 - Long Hair Ancestor’s Secret


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Heavenly Court.


 Countless halls radiated with dazzling lights.


 Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, there were four rank eight Gu Immortals: Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Bai Cang Shui, Lian Jiu Sheng, and Bi Chen Tian, they were at the east, south, west, and north directions respectively.


 The huge Gu formation was showing a grand image in the sky.


 Countless precious immortal materials were tossed in like they were cheap vegetables found in the market.


 In the image formed by the refinement path Gu formation, these immortal materials were processed at a rapid speed.


 At this point, they had already expended half of the success dao marks that they had obtained from the Infallible inheritance.


 The female Gu Immortal, Bai Cang Shui’s eyes shined brightly as she stared at the refinement path Gu formation. This was the first time she was involved in the recovery of fate Gu, this was also the first time she had come across such an incredible refinement path Gu formation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord held his walking stick as he captured all of Bai Cang Shui’s expressions with his eyes, he spoke: “Fairy Cang Shui, if you want this refinement path Gu formation, you only need to pay thirty thousand contribution points to get it.”


 Bai Cang Shui’s expression changed, she understood Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s meaning, he was reminding her: Now is the crucial period for repairing fate Immortal Gu, stop staring at the refinement path Gu formation and causing yourself to be distracted.


 “I am ashamed.” Bai Cang Shui bowed at Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, sighing: “This Gu formation is really incredible, it has such power. Even if I am not a refinement path Gu Immortal, I can tell that this Gu formation has already touched upon the fundamental meaning of refinement path. But it is like a poem that is only half written, this Gu formation also gives me a sense of being incomplete. It seems that it could be improved further, to become an Immortal Gu House!”


 “Hehehe, Fairy Cang Shui is very insightful. But it is impossible to elevate this Gu formation into an Immortal Gu House.” Lian Jiu Sheng, who had the appearance of a white haired teenager, laughed as he replied.


 “Oh? Why is that the case?” Bai Cang Shui’s gaze flickered, she showed curiosity on her face.


 “The main reason is that we are lacking the most crucial core Immortal Gu. Fairy Cang Shui, you may not know that this refinement path Gu formation is only a mimicry of Long Hair Ancestor’s rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, by a predecessor of Heavenly Court through countless past records.” Lian Jiu Sheng spoke slowly, exposing some secrets: “And this Refinement Cauldron is still inside Lang Ya blessed land, it has all of its core Immortal Gu.”


 “So that’s it.” Bai Cang Shui’s expression dimmed.


 Immortal Gu were unique, Refinement Cauldron was still around now. Thus, it was almost impossible to elevate Heavenly Court’s Gu formation.


 “Of course, we can make a redesign of Refinement Cauldron and modify this Gu formation, using other Immortal Gu as the core, to achieve a similar effect. But this is very difficult, back then when Long Hair Ancestor created the Immortal Gu Houses, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Refinement Cauldron, other than the fact that he was a refinement path supreme grandmaster, there was another reason, he had a wisdom path great grandmaster friend — Immortal Yi Yan.” Lian Jiu Sheng sighed deeply.


 Immortal Yi Yan, he was the creator of the Prophecy of Three Venerables.


 He was an actual wisdom path great grandmaster, his predictions were very accurate.


 “Immortal Yi Yan, Long Hair Ancestor...” Bai Cang Shui muttered, she suddenly thought of something, she asked: “That’s right. Back then, why didn’t we recruit Long Hair Ancestor into Heavenly Court? He is a refinement path supreme grandmaster, but he only had rank eight cultivation level, he was not an invincible rank nine Gu Immortal. Even if he was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, we in Heavenly Court have our methods, we can change his aura from Northern Plains to Central Continent.”


 “Indeed, there were only three people who were at Long Hair Ancestor’s level. Why did Heavenly Court not recruit them?” Lian Jiu Sheng was also uncertain.


 Bi Chen Tian was silent.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord laughed, he said with an arrogant tone: “That is because Long Hair Ancestor was not a human, he was a hairy man! No matter how strong he was, or how great his refinement path attainment was, he could not enter Heavenly Court. Heavenly Court is the sanctuary of us humans, how can we let these lowly variant humans in?”


 “Oh? It is actually like this... Long Hair Ancestor was a hairy man?” The other three Gu Immortals looked at each other, this was the first time they had heard of such a secret.


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Out of the original five cloud buildings, three were destroyed, only two were left.


 On Qin Bai Sheng’s side, Xue Song Zi died.


 On Lang Ya land spirit’s side, an inkman Gu Immortal died as well.


 Qin Bai Sheng showed terrifying battle strength, he was unstoppable, he directly charged towards the cloud building that Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan, and Mo Tan Sang were guarding, Lang Ya land spirit was pacing around in anxiety now.


 “What will we do? What will we do!”


 “The enemy is too strong, we cannot hold on much longer.”


 “Even though we have two cloud buildings left, it is already a fact that we are going to lose...”


 “Damn it, this is so frustrating!”


 “Do I have to let him out?”


 “No, if I let him out, I will be locked in. Who knows when I will be able to come out again.”


 “I arranged this Lang Ya blessed land painstakingly, who knows if that maniac would raise it into a grotto-heaven...”


 “That maniac’s ambition is too great, he will definitely cause Lang Ya blessed land to be destroyed!”


 Lang Ya land spirit was in a panicked state, his muttering was turning into a nonsensical grumble, it was making Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang feel a sense of anxiety and frustration.


 Fang Yuan was still fine, he had Fixed Immortal Travel.


 But Mo Tan Sang was really uneasy now.


 The other inkman Gu Immortal was already dead, if he also died here, all of the hundreds of thousands of inkmen in Inkman City would face great danger.


 Without a Gu Immortal’s protection, with so many inkmen in Inkman City, they would definitely be a huge target, countless hungry and greedy jackals would come and compete to enslave them.


 The inkmen citizens would face a terrible fate, they would become slaves and live in danger and suffering.


 “Lord land spirit, you have to stay calm! We are all depending on you!! Long Hair Ancestor was an esteemed person who could talk on equal terms with a Demon Venerable, think about it carefully, there has to be a way to deal with the enemy!” Mo Tan Sang got closer to Lang Ya land spirit as he urged.


 “Don’t force me, don’t force me!” Lang Ya land spirit was gripping his hair, he shook his head incessantly.


 Mo Tan Sang’s anxiety became worse, he grabbed the land spirit’s arm as he shook the land spirit: “Lang Ya land spirit, you have to regain your clear-mindedness!!”


 Ah——!


 Lang Ya land spirit seemed to have reached his limits, he raised his head and screamed.


 Boom!


 A huge force burst out from Lang Ya land spirit’s body.


 Mo Tan Sang was caught off guard, he spat out blood as he was pushed away like a tattered doll. He crashed onto the wall and slowly fell onto the ground.


 “You, you are not Lang Ya land spirit?” Mo Tan Sang stared with wide opened eyes, shouting at Lang Ya land spirit in disbelief.


 The land spirit originally had white hair and had a sagely demeanor, but now he was different! He was muscular and strong, about the same height as Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body. He had large shoulders and a thick waist, the muscles on his body were bursting with energy, giving off terrifying signals.


 Most conspicuously, his entire body was growing with thick hair, the brown hair was almost covering his entire body.


 His eyes were bloodshot, fangs were exposed in his mouth as his lips curled up, showing a sinister smile.


 In an instant, Lang Ya land spirit had turned from an old human man into a muscular hairy man!


 Fang Yuan was also very surprised by Lang Ya land spirit’s transformation.


 Immediately, he took a few steps back as he looked at Lang Ya land spirit warily.


 Lang Ya land spirit slowly raised his head, he looked at Mo Tan Sang who was sitting on the ground, sighing deeply: “How can I not be Lang Ya land spirit? Hehehe, how many years has it been, ever since that myriad tribulation... hmph, because I was weakened severely, that weak fellow took over control.”


 Lang Ya land spirit said that and shouted loudly, raising his head: “How many years has it been!”


 He sucked in a deep breath, he showed an excited and ruthless expression, he clenched his fists, his bulging muscles were thicker than Mo Tan Sang’s legs: “I am finally back!”


 Fang Yuan was frowning, he had a few questions internally as he retreated again by a few steps.


 “Hehehe, you two do not need to be suspicious, I am Lang Ya land spirit, the real deal!” Lang Ya land spirit raised his head, his gaze was like a dagger as he stared right at Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang.


 “My main body was a hairy man, but after I died, I had two obsessions. There was only one land spirit position, but the two obsessions were equally matched, neither could suppress the other. In the end, we could only combine together and become Lang Ya land spirit. The one you two are familiar with is merely the obsession over space escape Immortal Gu.” Lang Ya land spirit snorted, explaining.


 “Two obsessions...” Mo Tan Sang’s expression froze.


 Fang Yuan reacted much quicker than him, he asked: “Then, land spirit, what is your condition for acknowledging a new master?”


 The earlier Lang Ya land spirit’s condition was to solve the issue of why space escape Immortal Gu could not enter the Space Cave.


 Fang Yuan definitely could not fulfill it.


 But now, Lang Ya land spirit had changed greatly, according to his words, he had a different obsession. In that case, his condition would definitely be different as well!


 “Hmph! To get me to acknowledge a new master, you are not qualified!” The hairy man Lang Ya land spirit stared at Fang Yuan, he had a more arrogant and strong tone than his human form.


 “How am I not qualified?” Fang Yuan did not lose his temper, he asked calmly.


 Lang Ya land spirit crossed his arms, he laughed arrogantly: “My ambition is to make all of the hairy men in the world become the ones in charge! Any variant human, including you humans, has to cower at the feet of us hairy men. You will all become the slaves of hairy men, begging for survival at our feet, as tiny insignificant ants. Whichever hairy man can achieve this target would become the new master of Lang Ya land spirit. Hahaha...”


 Mo Tan Sang was stunned.


 Fang Yuan was speechless.


 No wonder he was not qualified, because Fang Yuan was not a hairy man! He could not even attempt this.


 ‘Having two obsessions is not impossible in theory.’


 ‘No wonder Long Hair Ancestor was called long hair, his real identity was a hairy man!’


 ‘So this is why Long Hair Ancestor had incredible talent, but in history, there were no records of him ever being recruited by Heavenly Court.’


 ‘No wonder... When I asked Lang Ya land spirit to sell me hairy man slaves in the past, he rejected me directly with a firm stance.’


 Fang Yuan started to believe Lang Ya land spirit’s words.


 After all, from start to finish, he was watching the entire scene. He had confirmed this using dozens of investigative killer moves.


 “This means that after Long Hair Ancestor died, he had two obsessions. One was his refinement path obsession, it was concerning space escape Immortal Gu and Great Dream Immortal Venerable. The other obsession was his species obsession, because Long Hair Ancestor was a hairy man, and because hairy men were suppressed by humans, such a strong obsession formed in him!”


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned grave.


 The Lang Ya land spirit in front of him not only had a change in appearance, his personality also changed completely.


 Their earlier relationship was useless now. At this moment, what attitude would this Lang Ya land spirit have towards the human Fang Yuan?



***
Chapter 880 - Fearsome! Lang Ya Land Spirit versus Qin Bai Sheng!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Don’t be nervous lad, I will not attack you.” Lang Ya land spirit stared at Fang Yuan with the eyes of a tiger, he said with a playful tone: “Although you, lad, have taken advantage of me many times.”


 “All of those deals earlier were fair transactions!” Fang Yuan had a plain expression as he denied the accusations.


 “Hmph, you were able to develop to this extent, one reason was that you had obtained quite a lot of resources from that weak fellow. But I do not mind it, we can still cooperate.” Lang Ya land spirit said coldly.


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, he said with seeming disbelief: “Aren’t you thinking of toppling humans, and establishing the rulership of hairy men?”


 “Of course I am!” Lang Ya land spirit replied without hesitation: “But success is a slow process, we have to walk one step at a time. To fulfill my ambitions, I need to understand reality. Even my main body had to disguise as a human when he was alive. To achieve the hegemony of hairy men, it is a necessity to cooperate with humans.”


 Surprise flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 The new Lang Ya land spirit in front of him, even though his obsession was unrealistic, he acted quite logically, he had a deep and clear understanding towards his environment and the situation around him.


 Mo Tan Sang got up slowly while the two of them were talking, he healed his injuries.


 “My plan is flawless!” Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes shined with brilliance, he said in a profound tone: “First, I will use benefits to rope in a bunch of human Gu Immortals, I will use humans to deal with humans, destroying them from the inside. I will recruit all these human Gu Immortals and make them into the hunting dogs of us hairy men. You are one of my targets, ahaha!”


 As he said that, towards the end, he pointed at Fang Yuan and laughed with his head raised up.


 Fang Yuan: “...”


 Mo Tan Sang: “...”


 Land spirit indeed could not lie, he completely exposed all of his schemes and plans!


 At the next moment, the land spirit also felt something amiss, he stopped laughing as he stroked his chin, regret flashed across his face as he said: “Ahhh! I got excited and said all of my plans out loud!”


 Fang Yuan: “...”


 Mo Tan Sang: “...”


 “As for you, the inkman Gu Immortal.” At this time, Lang Ya land spirit’s gaze turned from Fang Yuan to Mo Tan Sang: “I am not that weak fellow, because he was afraid of getting exposed, he rejected many opportunities for cooperation with you. I am very interested in all those proposals you gave me. Especially those that involve toppling human tribes and plotting against human tribes! Speaking of which, the humans are too powerful now, against them, we variant humans are natural allies! Work with us hairy men, your Inkman City will develop even faster, it will grow even stronger!”


 Mo Tan Sang’s injury was not heavy, he healed quickly.


 Hearing Lang Ya land spirit’s words, Mo Tan Sang felt a sense of having good times ahead.


 He gave Fang Yuan a subtle glance, at this point, he still did not know that this star path Gu Immortal was the Fang Yuan he knew.


 “Hahaha.” Lang Ya land spirit thought of something brilliant, he laughed again: “These stupid inkmen! That’s right, if I want my hairy man race to become the rulers, we will need to make use of these inkmen, feathermen and others. On the day I succeed, I will make all of them slaves, and squeeze out their value. These inkmen in Inkman City could be preferentially treated, of course. After all, they are Immortal Yi Yan’s descendants. Mm... I can make their king into a puppet, haha, this plan is too brilliant.”


 Fang Yuan: “...”


 Mo Tan Sang: “...”


 Lang Ya land spirit saw their speechless expressions and was slightly stunned, he showed a serious expression as he rubbed his chin: “I accidentally said my thoughts out loud again, huh...”


 Fang Yuan finally was relieved, such a person like Lang Ya land spirit, how could he possibly achieve the rulership of hairy men?!


 Mo Tan Sang covered his face with his hands, even though he was an inkman and not a hairy man, he felt ashamed for Lang Ya land spirit.


 As Qin Bai Sheng got closer, the cloud building was already in his attacking range.


 “The land spirit and two Gu Immortals are inside the building.” Qin Bai Sheng had quite an impressive investigative immortal killer move, he could see many details of Fang Yuan’s side.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s eyes squinted as he flew slower, his right hand waved in front of him.


 Bam!


 Golden light burst out, the figure of a huge golden hammer formed instantly and shot out, slamming at the cloud building.


 The air currents were fierce as the golden hammer figure had a threatening aura, it was even larger than the cloud building! The relatively large cloud building was shrouded under the golden hammer, it became very weak looking.


 Metal path immortal killer move — City Crushing Hammer!


 “What audacity!” At the next moment, a figure came out of the cloud building, shouting fiercely.


 It was Lang Ya land spirit!


 The land spirit did not dodge, he directly faced the giant hammer.


 The moment his thick and strong arms interacted with the city crushing hammer, dozens of Gu worms flew out and circled around the land spirit.


 Rule path immortal killer move — Cleanse Sky!


 In an instant, the giant golden hammer vanished without a trace, like it had never existed previously.


 Only the air currents that were created by the hammer were left, they caused strong winds to blow unceasingly.


 “Lang Ya land spirit?” Seeing the Lang Ya land spirit that had undergone a transformation, even the mysterious Shadow Sect Vice Envoy, Qin Bai Sheng, showed a peculiar expression, he asked uncertainly.


 “It is me, your grandfather!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted, after destroying the hammer, he did not fall back, he charged towards Qin Bai Sheng.


 He was indeed different from the previous Lang Ya land spirit, their personalities were two different extremes, this one was bold and filled with battle intent.


 Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang watched from behind with much apprehension.


 The land spirit represented the world, it was the most crucial factor when Gu Immortals attacked a blessed land.


 Normally speaking, the land spirit would conceal themselves and use the entire blessed land to deal with the invaders. After all, the land spirit could manipulate the blessed land, if it was caught or destroyed, it would be way easier to take down the blessed land!


 But Lang Ya land spirit after transforming into a hairy man’s appearance was different, he charged ahead.


 Even though Qin Bai Sheng displayed fearsome strength, his terrifying battle strength did not deter Lang Ya land spirit at all!


 “Heh.” Hei Cheng who was at the side laughed.


 He felt that with Qin Bai Sheng’s strength, Lang Ya land spirit was simply courting his own doom.


 But as the target, Qin Bai Sheng had a serious expression.


 Since he had invaded Lang Ya blessed land, this was the first time he stepped back and retreated, unexpectedly.


 He mainly cultivated soul path and secondarily metal path, a common technique of his was to use the immortal killer move soul suppression, but it was useless on Lang Ya land spirit.


 Soul suppression had a huge advantage because Qin Bai Sheng used his own soul’s foundation to suppress his enemies. The difference in soul foundation made the immortal killer move, soul suppression, have an immense effect.


 Earlier in Luo Po valley, Qin Bai Sheng used soul suppression and defeated He Lang Zi, who had transformed into a giant wolf, in one move.


 Just earlier, Qin Bai Sheng used the soul suppression killer move and immobilized the inkman Gu Immortal, before using a metal path killer move to behead the inkman Gu Immortal!


 But against Lang Ya land spirit, soul suppression had no effect.


 The reason?


 Because Lang Ya land spirit was a special existence, he had no soul!


 He was an obsession formed together with heavenly power, a sort of spirit that was neither real nor fake, he did not have a physical body, and did not have a soul.


 To make a comparison, it was just like scolding someone.


 Qin Bai Sheng had the soul suppression killer move, it was as if he could directly scold someone to death with his words. But Lang Ya land spirit could not understand a word he was saying, no matter what curses he uttered, to Lang Ya land spirit, it was like random noise, because the land spirit could not understand it at all.


 Qin Bai Sheng was aware of this, furthermore, Lang Ya land spirit was acting strange, thus he decided to retreat and see what this land spirit was up to!


 With Qin Bai Sheng stepping back, Lang Ya land spirit’s vigor rose, he did not relent at all.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thousand Spears!


 Immortal killer move — Triple Desolation!


 Immortal killer move — Lightning Chaotic Starfire!


 Countless golden spears shot out, they were like a dense forest that shot towards Qin Bai Sheng from all directions.


 Qin Bai Sheng quickly defended himself, a huge pillar appeared around him, and around the pillar, there was a five clawed golden dragon coiling around it.


 The golden dragon pillar was able to stop the great thousand spears temporarily, but white hair started to appear on Qin Bai Sheng’s hair, his lifespan was shortening.


 This was the power of the time path killer move triple desolation!


 Great thousand spears rained down like a storm, it was powerful and grand. Triple desolation was mysterious and hard to defend against. Mixed in with that were lighting starfires, they were able to sneak into the golden dragon pillar and burn Qin Bai Sheng’s flesh as they came into contact.


 The land spirit raised his head, the countless Gu worms around his body vanished, and appeared again. After using them, they vanished again.


 One after another, Immortal Gu and countless mortal Gu showcased themselves.


 Immortal killer move — Yellow Wood Rustling!


 Immortal killer move — Ruined Blood Flying Dust!


 Immortal killer move — Slaughtering Immortal Guillotine!


 The wood path killer move made the leaves in the area fly around. The blade path killer move slashed forward without obstacles, it was a beautiful move. There was also a blood path killer move mixed in, a light smoke that was blood red in color coiled around Qin Bai Sheng’s waist.


 Qin Bai Sheng was too busy defending himself, he had to retreat again.


 The land spirit shouted again, chasing after him.


 On his body, countless mortal Gu and Immortal Gu swapped out again like a change of clothes.


 Immortal killer move — Shattered Ice Armor!


 Immortal killer move — Mixed Hole Drill!


 Immortal killer move — Wishful Shadow Sword!


 Ice path, space path, and dark path killer moves were used in succession, Qin Bai Sheng defended himself as he retreated once more.


 Lang Ya land spirit advanced more and more, his aura was surging as his immortal killer moves struck like a flash flood, Qin Bai Sheng could not do anything but retreat.


 The more Qin Bai Sheng moved back, the more passive he was, and the more Lang Ya land spirit fought like a maniac.


 The two sides retreated and advanced respectively, until they were tens of li away.


 The spectating Hei Cheng, Fang Yuan, and Mo Tan Sang were dumbfounded.


 Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation was very abundant, it had many Immortal Gu stored up, Long Hair Ancestor did not lack immortal killer moves, and it even had the Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, it had accumulated an untold amount of immortal essence.


 With such a huge foundation, Lang Ya land spirit could attack in such a frenzied manner, he could totally withstand the expenditure.


 Even Fang Yuan was starting to suspect that Lang Ya land spirit could keep up such an insane fighting style for three days and three nights unceasingly.


 In fact, this was the first time Fang Yuan had seen a land spirit that had such great battle strength and had such a ruthless nature!



***
Chapter 881 - Five Finger Fist Heart Sword


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bam bam bam!


 Countless immortal killer moves were showcased by Lang Ya land spirit.


 Wood path, fire path, water path, ice path, time path, space path, all sorts of attacks resembled fireworks in the sky, they were fatal yet extremely beautiful.


 Even the strong Qin Bai Sheng could only defend himself, he could not fight back at the moment.


 “Is this still a land spirit? He is simply too fierce!” Hei Cheng saw that Qin Bai Sheng was being pushed back as Lang Ya land spirit chased after him relentlessly, feeling dry in his throat.


 “Are you done fooling around?!” A moment later, Qin Bai Sheng shouted loudly.


 In the air, golden light resembling a sun burst out.


 The golden light was simply too bright, everyone could not look at it directly.


 A vast amount of radiation accompanied the golden light and burst out, filling the entire world! Temperature rose rapidly, as if the world was getting roasted.


 Soul path and metal path — dual immortal killer move — burning soul supreme gold!


 Lang Ya land spirit was very unique, he was not afraid of the effect of soul burning, but burning soul supreme gold was an extremely rare immortal killer move that combined both offense and defense.


 Once he used this move, Qin Bai Sheng turned into a miniature sun, he shined brightly in this world, it was almost as if he became the ruler of the world!


 Lang Ya land spirit’s attacks were all disrupted or resisted.


 If it were an ordinary opponent, facing the land spirit’s insane outburst, there was a possibility of him killing the opponent through mere brute force.


 But his opponent was not an ordinary Gu Immortal, he was the Vice Envoy of Shadow Sect, Qin Bai Sheng!


 Qin Bai Sheng resisted countless killer moves, he managed to catch a breather as he found a chance to attack.


 Once he attacked, Lang Ya land spirit’s wave of attacks faltered, as he received an intense counter attack immediately.


 Compared to him, even though Lang Ya land spirit had many advantages and a deep foundation, he was not a Gu Immortal, his wisdom in fighting was very low.


 For example, when he used these immortal killer moves, even though it was a magnificent sight, none of the moves worked together, they even disrupted each other and caused much of the strength to be wasted.


 In this regard, Fang Yuan was much better than him. Be it the coordination between star cloud grindstone and star snake ropes, or six illusion star bodies and position star swap, Lang Ya land spirit had much to learn.


 The land spirit was only an obsession left behind after a Gu Immortal died, after all, a special existence formed by fusing obsession with heavenly power.


 If the land spirit had Fang Yuan’s intelligence, once he had the advantage like earlier, Qin Bai Sheng would not be able to fight back.


 But the land spirit was not Fang Yuan, Qin Bai Sheng managed to find a chance to counter attack.


 Burning soul supreme gold became the turning point of the battle.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s attacks were obstructed, as Qin Bai Sheng regained the initiative and did not hand over that initiative again.


 The battle situation turned around at this moment.


 Lang Ya land spirit was forced to retreat, suppressed by Qin Bai Sheng’s attacks.


 Qin Bai Sheng attacked with one-tenth of the frequency of Lang Ya land spirit, but each of his attacks, each immortal killer move he used had great coordination with each other, he set layers of traps and caused Lang Ya land spirit to feel deeply restrained, the more he sank, the harder it was for him to turn this around, he had no chances left.


 Qin Bai Sheng had rich battle experience, his methods were ruthless and steady, Fang Yuan, Hei Cheng, and Mo Tan Sang were staring with trembling eyelids.


 “What do we do? It is guaranteed that the land spirit loses!” Mo Tan Sang looked towards Fang Yuan with an anxious expression.


 Fang Yuan did not answer, he was hesitant.


 Lang Ya land spirit charged out without saying a word, putting himself in danger, he was simply being stupid!


 Land spirits were not afraid of Qin Bai Sheng’s soul suppression, but Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang were susceptible to this attack.


 Unless they had a way to overcome it, or a method that could resist this soul path killer move.


 At once, Fang Yuan fell into another situation where he was powerless, when he used six illusion star bodies and position star swap to stall for time with Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi.


 Mo Tan Sang looked at Fang Yuan, seeing that this unknown Gu Immortal had no intentions of joining the fight, he started to feel anxious.


 Even though Lang Ya land spirit was not quite reasonable and had absurd ambitions, wanting to enslave all the inkmen.


 But Mo Tan Sang was a formidable person, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, he made use of Ma Hong Yun’s rise to power and ensured that his inkman tribe grew.


 So what if Lang Ya land spirit’s intentions were a hundred times as absurd?


 To Mo Tan Sang, the new Lang Ya land spirit was much more useful for the benefits of the inkman tribe than the previous land spirit. Working with him had much greater prospects.


 Mo Tan Sang was moved.


 But Qin Bai Sheng was overly powerful, Mo Tan Sang did not want to die here, but he was wary of Qin Bai Sheng, he wanted to drag Fang Yuan into this.


 Fang Yuan was unmoved.


 Lang Ya land spirit changed so drastically, for Fang Yuan, this was also an opportunity.


 But Fang Yuan was used to being vigilant, he did not want to take an excessive risk.


 In the past, he took risks because he had no choice, and the rewards were also too immense. But now, it was an opportunity to save the land spirit, but the risks were too great.


 He was different from Mo Tan Sang.


 Once the land spirit died, Mo Tan Sang would be trapped here, he had no choice but to fight.


 But Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, he could leave at any time, thus he decided to sit on the fence and observe the situation!


 Boom!


 Lang Ya land spirit was hit directly by Qin Bai Sheng’s attack, he was like a rubber ball that was tossed away, rapidly crashing into the cloud soil on the thick ground.


 The cloud soil was very soft, Lang Ya land spirit sank deep into the soil, creating a huge pit.


 He wanted to teleport away, but he found that there was a golden chain coiling around his body.


 The land spirit struggled intensely, but he could not move.


 “It is over.” Qin Bai Sheng’s expression was stern, he slowly flew towards the sky above the land spirit, looking down with a cold expression.


 Qin Bai Sheng retracted his entire aura, his arms gathered at his chest, his palms placed together, he was like a mediating old monk, at the same time, he slowly shut his eyes and lowered his head.


 “He is trying to do something... now is the best time to save the land spirit!” Mo Tan Sang felt something amiss, he shouted loudly.


 Fang Yuan ignored him completely, he stared fixedly at Qin Bai Sheng, feeling shock inwardly: “This posture, is this the legendary... that move?”


 Earlier during battle, Qin Bai Sheng was as fierce as a tiger out of the mountain, a heavenly dragon ravaging the seas, he was unstoppable as he charged forward.


 But right now, his palms were placed together as he lowered his head and shut his eyes, he was like a piece of dead wood, without any life in him.


 These two conditions of his formed a clear contrast.


 Slowly, Qin Bai Sheng’s right hand, which was in contact with his left hand, moved, it was like he was trying to pull out something precious, as his right hand slowly clenched into a fist.


 Afterwards, his left hand was still at the original position, but his tightly clenched right fist was lifted, above his chest and shoulder, above his head, until it was fixed right above his head.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s eyes were shut, there were no emotions on his face, his head was lowered as his aura was completely retracted into his body.


 His left hand was open, at the center of his chest, his right hand was clenched into a fist, raised high up in the sky.


 Mo Tan Sang did not know why this was happening, but he understood that Qin Bai Sheng would not make such an action unnecessarily, once he attacked, it would be a devastating blow, it would shake the earth!


 Lang Ya land spirit could feel an immense sense of danger, he struggled intensely, the golden chains around him started breaking as numerous cracks appeared on them.


 But it was too late.


 “That’s right, it is that move! Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s legendary move, widely renowned in Central Continent. Qin Bai Sheng is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, how can he possess this move?” Fang Yuan gulped as he felt a heavy feeling, he did not dare to save the land spirit.


 Sword path immortal killer move — Five Finger Fist Heart Sword!


 First finger!


 Qin Bai Sheng raised the thumb of his right hand.


 From the right fist that he held high in the air, a sword light shot out.


 Fast! Fast! Fast!


 The speed of the sword light was beyond belief.


 The moment it was shot out, it pierced Lang Ya land spirit’s forehead.


 Lang Ya land spirit, who was struggling intensely, had his skull penetrated by this sword light in an instant.


 His movements came to a halt, he was still like a statue as he stared blankly at Qin Bai Sheng, who was in the sky.


 At the next moment, Lang Ya land spirit struggled even more intensely like he was jolted by lightning.


 If it were Fang Yuan who suffered this blow, even if he was an immortal zombie, he would have died. But Lang Ya land spirit was a special existence, there were no weakness or fatal points on his body.


 But this blow did deal severe damage to him. His head, which was originally clear and compact, started to become blurry.


 Second finger!


 Qin Bai Sheng raised his index finger.


 The second sword light shot out from his hand, it was just as fast as before.


 The sword light pierced Lang Ya land spirit’s right arm, the land spirit shouted in pain as his right arm became blurry and unclear.


 Third finger!


 The third sword light pierced Lang Ya land spirit’s left arm, he cried out in agony as his left arm also started to fade.


 “Save him, quick, once the land spirit dies, we are all finished!” Mo Tan Sang saw this situation and shouted in anxiety.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was heavy, but his body was still as a mountain, he did not make any attempt to save him.


 A lump of star cloud grindstone appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 If the situation did not turn around, Fang Yuan had decided to use Fixed Immortal Travel to escape from Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fourth finger!


 At this moment, Qin Bai Sheng raised the ring finger of his right hand.


 “Save me!!” Lang Ya land spirit could not stay calm, he shouted in panic.


 “Let’s risk it!” Mo Tan Sang shouted at Fang Yuan, charging out and using his killer move, attacking from afar.


 But the fourth sword light had already shot out.


 Clang!


 A sharp noise of collision could be heard from within the pit.


 A figure appeared in front of Lang Ya land spirit, blocking the fourth sword light.


 “This aura, it is a rank seven Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan was still inside the cloud building, sensing that an unknown aura had appeared, brilliance flashed across his eyes.


 This was the change.


 As he had expected, Lang Ya blessed land still had trump cards left.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Soon, eight more figures appeared out of nowhere, piercing the air and landing around the pit, protecting Lang Ya land spirit.


 Mo Tan Sang quickly stopped in his tracks, he focused and looked, shouting in surprise: “So many hairy man Gu Immortals?!”


 The reinforcements were here!


 The nine Gu Immortals that came were all hairy men.


 The hairy man Gu Immortal that saved Lang Ya land spirit was the only rank seven, the rest of them were all rank six.


 Hei Cheng’s expression changed, he said in disbelief: “How can this be?”


 There were so many hairy man Gu Immortals, the numbers had completely flipped around.


 Mo Tan Sang showed joy in his face.


 But Fang Yuan frowned.


 “To receive the protection of so many hairy man Gu Immortals, it seems this really is Lang Ya land spirit. But he is completely different from the previous land spirit.” Qin Bai Sheng slowly opened his eyes, he lowered his arms as he dispelled the five finger fist heart sword. His lips curled into a smile as he showed a confident smile of victory.


 From the start, he had no intentions of killing Lang Ya land spirit. What he wanted was for these hairy man Gu Immortals to appear.


 “Something’s wrong!” Fang Yuan’s forehead was wrinkled from his frown.


 “The two land spirits are completely different in personality, but the former would not leave such immense battle strength aside and yet request for help from an outsider like me no matter how stupid he was.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with inspiration, he realized Qin Bai Sheng’s motive: “Unless, the enemy’s true goal was not Lang Ya blessed land in the first place?!”



***
Chapter 882 - The Real Lang Ya Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land was concealing so many hairy man Gu Immortals, but why did the previous Lang Ya land spirit not take them out even in such a dangerous situation?


 Fang Yuan guessed the reason for this was the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron!


 The Lang Ya land spirit in the form of an elderly human had probably arranged all the hairy man Gu Immortals to be in Refinement Cauldron.


 Long Hair Ancestor’s true identity was a hairy man, Lang Ya land spirit loved hairy men like they were his own children. In accordance with these thoughts, he did not want to let hairy man Gu Immortals die, thus he arranged them in Refinement Cauldron.


 More importantly, the Immortal Gu House also required Gu Immortals to control it, and the more Gu Immortals there were, the more power the Immortal Gu House could unleash.


 When Tai Bai Yun Sheng had attacked Yu Lu blessed land and met a predicament, all the Gu Immortals had combined their strengths to activate an Immortal Gu House, Profound Ice House.


 This amplified the strength of Profound Ice House, to the extent that it was enough to break through the battlefield killer move and move all the Gu Immortals to safety.


 The more hairy man Gu Immortals in Refinement Cauldron, the more powerful it would be and the faster it could refine the Immortal Gu of others.


 Fang Yuan was almost certain that in the previous three invading waves, Lang Ya land spirit had arranged the hairy men in there and refined the invading Gu Immortals’ Immortal Gu, thus being able to capture them alive.


 This was the fourth wave of attack and the enemies were strong beyond expectation, the human form Lang Ya land spirit could not resolve this problem, and had no choice but to let the other obsession take control over the body to resolve the issue.


 ‘However, this hairy man land spirit also has a defect in his mind. Going personally to battle and only at the crucial moment between life and death, he summoned the hairy man Gu Immortals.’ Fang Yuan inwardly shook his head before paying attention to the battlefield.


 Qin Bai Sheng, Hei Cheng and the hairy man Gu Immortals fell into a stalemate.


 Plop.


 Suddenly, that rank seven hairy man Gu Immortal who blocked a strike from five finger fist heart sword for Lang Ya land spirit fell to the ground.


 “First Hair?”


 “First Hair?”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were in a commotion, as they cast concerned gazes while exclaiming in shock.


 “First Hair, First Hair, what’s wrong with you? First Hair?!” A female hairy man Gu Immortal knelt down beside First Hair, hugging his chest, but she found his body was already filled with sword energy and could not be any more dead.


 “First Hair, First Hair, you can’t die, First Hair!” The female hairy man Gu Immortal started crying, her mind completely collapsed.


 “Second Hair, don’t cry.”


 “Maybe lord land spirit has a way!”


 “Second Hair, if you cry, we will also want to cry. Boo hoo hoo...”


 Many hairy man Gu Immortals unexpectedly turned away from Qin Bai Sheng, and approached Gu Immortal Second Hair, consoling her in a soft voice.


 Some hairy man Gu Immortals also started crying or choked while sobbing.


 Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang were dazed.


 At this moment, they finally understood why Lang Ya land spirit did not send these hairy men to the battle and arranged them in Refinement Cauldron!


 Because the ability of these hairy men in battle was simply at the dregs.


 Ah, no, calling them dregs would be too flattering!


 Faced with mortal enemies, they actually were weakening themselves, crying and letting their minds collapse.


 It seemed like these hairy man Gu Immortals were raised as purely refinement assistants by Lang Ya land spirit. It was certain they were experts in refining Gu, and even more certain that they were not specialized in battle!


 Lang Ya land spirit’s face was ashen, he got rid of the restraint and approached and inspected the dead hairy man Gu Immortal, he heaved a bitter sigh before closing the aggrieved eyelids of the rank seven hairy man Gu Immortal.


 “Ahhh, no...!” The female hairy man Gu Immortal, Second Hair, was completely broken. She gave a scream and fell down on First Hair’s corpse, her eyes turned as she fainted.


 Other hairy man Gu Immortals rushed to treat her.


 Even more of them looked at Qin Bai Sheng with innocent tears in their eyes, accusing: “Heavens, why are there cruel and savage Gu Immortals like you? We had no animosity between us, why would you attack us, why would you take an innocent Gu Immortal’s life? Isn’t peaceful coexistence a good thing?”


 Hearing these words, Mo Tan Sang and Fang Yuan completely lost all hope in these hairy men.


 These hairy man Gu Immortals seemed to have been raised very protectively by Lang Ya land spirit, like greenhouse flowers, they had not experienced the baptism of the cruelty of the outside world, they had fully been invested into cultivating refinement path while there was a giant hole in their fighting aspects.


 “Hand over the Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, and I won’t harm you.” Qin Bai Sheng sneered.


 “Impossible! Don’t even think of it!!” Lang Ya land spirit furiously stared at Qin Bai Sheng, refusing directly. His attitude was firm with no signs of hesitation.


 “Hmph, you want to rely on Refinement Cauldron to forcibly refine our Immortal Gu. Don’t expect such naive thoughts to work on me, I simply won’t give you the time to use it.”


 Qin Bai Sheng scoffed before pausing for a moment, as if he sensed something.


 He mumbled to himself, then continued: “Oh, did you already prepare, then let’s begin! This hindrance, I shall break it first!”


 He raised his voice, his gaze directed at the cloud building.


 Immortal killer move — City Crushing Hammer!


 A giant hammer came crashing down on to the building, Fang Yuan’s mind moved rapidly, deciding to move away and not stand out at this moment.


 However, Lang Ya land spirit’s situation was still not at its extremes, so Fang Yuan did not plan to escape.


 Rumble!


 The cloud building behind him was crumbled apart, like a translucent screen, by the city crushing hammer.


 Fang Yuan flew out in a miserable state, and when he appeared in front of everyone, his appearance had already changed once more.


 He had transformed into a hairy man.


 Qin Bai Sheng snorted, giving a meaningful look at Fang Yuan before looking elsewhere.


 The cloud building was destroyed, the boundless fog immediately dispersed.


 This had been the last cloud building, the other one had been found by Hui Feng Zi and was already destroyed.


 By now, all the five buildings that had remained when Fang Yuan came as support were already destroyed.


 Twelve wave cloud confusion formation was broken!


 There was white sky and white ground.


 The sky was pure white and the ground was white cloud soil.


 Qin Bai Sheng looked around, disdainfully smiling: “A laughable disguise.”


 The next moment, he looked at the sky with a look of exultation.


 He suddenly grabbed at the sky and shouted with a longing tone: “Come, Refinement Cauldron!”


 At the same time, in another two locations, the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal and Fairy Jiang Yu also followed the suit, however, they grabbed at the cloud soil on the ground.


 Crackle!


 The sky erupted with thunder, lightning flashed, clouds surged, and space broke apart.


 A loud sound reverberated as if a formless colossal monster was using its sharp claws to tear the cloud soil!


 A giant crack appeared on the thick cloud soil like it was cotton.


 The crack ran through from east to west, extending to the end of all the immortals’ vision.


 “This is?!” Mo Tan Sang’s pupils contracted.


 “So this is the true Lang Ya blessed land... this is a really extravagant set up, everything that I had seen so far was only the surface?” Right now, even Fang Yuan was greatly startled.


 The immortals gazed down the giant crack and saw a boundless ocean below the cloud soil.


 The ocean actually had three enormous continents!


 On these three continents, there were dense forests, steep mountains, vast prairies, foggy swamps...


 Countless beings were living on the continents. The sky had birds and giant dragons, the ocean had sea monsters and fish, the earth had ants, tiger-elephants... There were all kinds of living beings forming an unusual food chain on the three continents!


 In these three continents, the hairy men were the only rulers, occupying the dominant position.


 Countless villages and cities were spread in the mountains, prairies and river banks of the three continents... There were even many hairy men exploring the ocean, their traces all over the many islands in the ocean.


 Here, the hairy men got up and worked when the day began and rested when night fell. They refined Gu and competed with each other fairly, living a life where they were the top position in the food chain.


 “So the place I had been standing on until now, was no more than the clouds in the sky of the blessed land?” Mo Tan Sang’s whole body shook.


 “How is this possible? With such a large space, this is still a blessed land? Even ordinary grotto-heavens don’t have such a huge space! This Lang Ya blessed land has already surpassed the majority of grotto-heavens!!” Hei Cheng was thoroughly shocked.


 “How did he achieve this? Lang Ya blessed land... this is simply another world! This far surpasses blessed lands and ordinary grotto-heavens.” Fang Yuan was full of doubts.


 At this moment, the countless hairy men on the lands below, raised their heads and looked at the cloud layer where Fang Yuan and others were at.


 “The cloud covering the continents are changing!”


 “This rumored continent in the air seems to have been ripped in half?”


 “Quick, report this situation to the elders!!”


 Millions upon millions of hairy men fell into panic.


 When immortals fight, mortals panic.


 “This population...” Fang Yuan’s eyes opened wide, licking his lips as he shouted inwardly, “How huge of a fortune is this! Breathtaking, truly breathtaking. No wonder Lang Ya land spirit has an ambition to make hairy men dominate the world! This is simply a hairy man empire! No wonder there are so many hairy man Gu Immortals, they should have been chosen from these endless hairy men!”


 Rumble!


 The thunder in the sky became louder and louder. Countless lightning bolts cut through the sky, forming a net that quickly spread.


 Amidst the strong wind, Qin Bai Sheng stood straight and proud like a spear. His clothes fluttered in the wind like a battle flag.


 The space ruptured, and Gu worms showed up in the rupture.


 They were the constituent parts of Refinement Cauldron.


 At this sight, Lang Ya land spirit knew he could not delay any longer and shouted decisively: “Want to seize Refinement Cauldron? Dream on! Assemble the battle formation!”


 “Yes, lord land spirit!” The hairy man Gu Immortals replied together.


 At the same time, Lang Ya land spirit secretly transmitted his voice: “Mo Tan Sang, Fang Yuan, you guys also enter the formation quickly! Don’t count on these hairy man Gu Immortals. The main forces will be us three. As long as we can hold on for a while, these invaders will all die!”



***
Chapter 883 - Ancient Battle Formation, Heavenly Giant Solor


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hearing Lang Ya land spirit’s call, Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered, he hesitated inwardly.


 But in the end, he still approached the land spirit and the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Mo Tan Sang made the same decision as him.


 “Assemble the battle formation — Heavenly Giant Solor!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted, countless Gu worms flickered as they were teleported over by him, all of the hairy man Gu Immortals and the land spirit were covered by the Gu worms entirely.


 Soon after, these tens of thousands of Gu worms that suddenly appeared burst out with bright silver light.


 The silver light was dazzling, no one could look into it directly.


 Mo Tan Sang had a firmer attitude as he went to the land spirit. Seeing this small hill-like silver light, he did not hesitate, he went inside immediately.


 Fang Yuan went in after him.


 Once they entered the silver light, Fang Yuan was directed by Lang Ya land spirit, towards the centermost area together with Mo Tan Sang.


 The land spirit’s expression was grim, he nodded at Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang.


 Mo Tan Sang quickly expressed his loyalty: “Lord land spirit, don’t worry, I, Mo Tan Sang, will represent the Northern Plains Inkman City in this battle, I will fight with all my ability, I will stay by your side no matter what!”


 Fang Yuan was silent, he only nodded back at Lang Ya land spirit to express his intent.


 The other hairy man Gu Immortals were surrounding them.


 They did not put much attention on Mo Tan Sang, instead, they were assessing Fang Yuan who was also a ‘hairy man Gu Immortal’, they sent him curious, kind, and perplexed gazes.


 At the crucial moment, Lang Ya land spirit did not criticise Fang Yuan for turning into a hairy man Gu Immortal.


 In fact, he felt a bit of joy in his heart.


 After all, this meant that Fang Yuan was showing a proactive and positive stance regarding the hairy men.


 “There is no time to chit chat, the three of us will be the main fighting force in the battle ahead.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


 Before his words finished, the silver light around everyone had condensed to its limits, it turned into silvery metal liquid.


 Lang Ya land spirit suddenly jumped and danced around, shouting loudly: “Heavenly Giant Solor... Heavenly Giant Solor... Heavenly Giant Solor!”


 When he finished shouting it three times, the surrounding silver liquid burst out and created a space with the size of a courtyard.


 In the air, straight lines of light of all sizes gathered and formed into a three dimensional giant Gu formation.


 All the Gu Immortals were allocated to their positions by Lang Ya land spirit, they were separated at their respective formation cores, each having their own spot in the Gu formation.


 At the same time, a faint silvery light glow appeared on Fang Yuan, Mo Tan Sang, the land spirit, and the hairy man Gu Immortals’ bodies.


 Outside, the Gu Immortal Hei Cheng could only see that Lang Ya land spirit set up the formation extremely quickly, first the silver light shot out, next the silver liquid spouted upwards, moving rapidly on the outside.


 Eventually, this silver liquid stopped circulating, becoming solid in an instant, as a metal giant that was tens of meters tall with three heads and six arms appeared with a silvery shiny body.


 The giant opened its eyes, it was like the awakening of a demonic god, a formless aura burst out, enveloping the surrounding sky.


 “This... is actually an ancient battle formation!” Fang Yuan was in the space created by the silver giant, his vision was synchronized with the giant.


 He first saw Hei Cheng’s shocked expression, followed by Qin Bai Sheng’s slightly surprised face.


 Lang Ya land spirit who was at the central formation core laughed smugly, he said proudly: “My Heavenly Giant Solor battle formation was the second strongest battle formation in the world even during the Olden Antiquity Era! It was merely second to Golden Heavenly Saint. Within this formation, all of our strengths are combined, we are one entity. The foundations of our souls are added up, and our immortal essence can be used interchangeably, we can communicate freely with thoughts, everyone else can instantly sense them.”


 This way, they would not fear Qin Bai Sheng’s immortal killer move, soul suppression!


 Qin Bai Sheng’s soul suppression killer move used his own soul foundation to suppress others.


 But now, Fang Yuan and the others were controlling the Heavenly Giant Solor, their souls were all added together. Even if Qin Bai Sheng’s soul suppression was still usable, it would no longer have such a decisive effect.


 “Interesting, Heavenly Giant Solor, to think that it was in Long Hair Ancestor’s hands.” Qin Bai Sheng looked at the giant forming and did not strike. His reaction was strange, he stared at the giant as he showed some appreciation in his gaze.


 “This is an ancient battle formation, among the pinnacle of formation path, it can allow Gu Immortals to work together and add up their battle strength. But because of historical reasons, these types of battle formations have already been buried within the River of Time! To think that today, I would be able to see it personally.” Hei Cheng sighed: “But it is not strange, Long Hair Ancestor was a famous person throughout history, he had the power to collect such an ancient battle formation.”


 “Stop sighing, go and deal with it.” Qin Bai Sheng ordered him after letting out a deep breath.


 Hei Cheng’s expression froze, he stared at Qin Bai Sheng in disbelief: “You, you want me to block this giant alone? We all know that there are more than ten Gu Immortals working together, creating this giant with their collective power!”


 Qin Bai Sheng snorted: “You know this, I am trying to obtain the Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron now, I cannot strike. Now is the time you show your worth. I am not asking you to defeat the giant, just stall it for a while. You have an Immortal Gu House, Dark Prison, with you, this should not be difficult. If we succeed, not only will I heal all your injuries, I will also alleviate your current lifespan crisis, you will regain a huge amount of lifespan!”


 Qin Bai Sheng’s tone was filled with pressure and threat. At the same time, there was a benefit that Hei Cheng could not resist!


 Hei Cheng squinted as his breathing became rougher.


 He was very brilliant, he had a deep shrewdness, he knew that Qin Bai Sheng was using him like a pawn.


 Towards this, Hei Cheng felt extremely angry, and also helpless.


 Because his weakness was currently grasped by Qin Bai Sheng. With such immense benefits, Hei Cheng had to obey him.


 “Send your immortal essence into the battle formation.” Lang Ya land spirit instructed as he shouted: “Heavenly Giant Solor, attack!”


 The huge silver giant moved soundlessly, directly crashing towards Qin Bai Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng seemed to be unable to move easily, because he was trying to take the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron, he stood on the spot.


 Seeing that the silver giant was about to hit him, at this time, Hei Cheng appeared in front of Qin Bai Sheng.


 Hei Cheng looked at the silver giant with a heavy expression, he waved his hand.


 In his hand, there was a black pearl, it was about the size of the base of a rice bowl, black and shiny, like a black crystal. On the surface of this translucent pearl, one could see a boar shaped animal sleeping inside.


 The boar was the ancient desolate beast sharp tusk boar, it had the battle strength of a rank seven Gu Immortal. In addition, this black pearl was the rank six Immortal Gu House of Hei tribe — Dark Prison!


 Hei Cheng first let out the sharp tusk boar and then entered the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison himself.


 Boom!


 With a loud bang, the silver giant collided with the sharp tusk boar, the immense force generated caused the air to explode, as a strong air current spread out around the place.


 The ancient desolate beast sharp tusk boar cried out, its boar head was full of blood, one of its sharp tusks was broken.


 In contrast, the silver giant took a few steps back, there was a dent in its chest. But soon, with the appearance of some fluctuating silver light, the dent was fixed, there were no injuries on it.


 Fang Yuan and the other immortals manipulating the silver giant could feel that several beads of immortal essence were expended in the process.


 “This damned previous version of myself, he turned all these proper Gu Immortals into idiots. Damn it!” Lang Ya land spirit was unhappy, he scolded ‘himself’ unhappily.


 He was very unhappy with this hit.


 Even though the silver giant had the advantage, the consumed immortal essence was too much.


 The impact earlier did not display the true power of the silver giant, primarily because these hairy man Gu Immortals were holding them back.


 “Mo Tan Sang, you will be the main attacker this time!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted angrily, he instructed in a ruthless tone: “Use your signature killer move!”


 “Understood.” Mo Tan Sang replied as his expression turned serious, after three breaths of time, he used his attacking method in the formation.


 Qi path immortal killer move — Blasting Qi Roar!


 In Hei Cheng’s vision, he saw the silver giant’s neck turning at an angle as one of its heads was aimed at the sharp tusk boar.


 The silver giant had three heads and six arms, silvery fluctuations appeared on the right head, in the blink of an eye, it transformed into a black head that was as dark as ink.


 On the head, crystals that were sharp as spears grew, frost energy was oozing.


 The head’s expression also changed. Its brows were standing up as its eyes popped out, it stared at the sharp tusk boar angrily.


 Seeing this head, Hei Cheng felt a strong sense of danger rising inside him.


 Hei Cheng wanted to recall the sharp tusk boar back to his side, when the black head opened its mouth.


 Roar—!!!


 A thunderous sound burst out, the sound reverberated over part of the world.


 Air was pushed out as sound waves spread to the surroundings wildly, most of the force was focused on the sharp tusk boar.


 Bam.


 Blood and flesh flew into the air, broken bones and organs splattered everywhere.


 The sharp tusk boar, an ancient desolate beast, having rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength, only lasted three breaths of time under the attack of the sound wave, before exploding and dying a terrible death.


 “Such power!” Hei Cheng’s expression changed.


 Fang Yuan was moved: “An incredible ancient battle formation! It can amplify the power of an immortal killer move to such an extent.”


 Mo Tan Sang and the hairy man Gu Immortals went into intense joy after the initial shock.


 They saw hopes of victory.


 Even though this attack used up several beads of their immortal essence again, the result of the attack was very much worth it!


 Hei Cheng’s heart turned cold, facing this silver giant, even if he used dark arrow Immortal Gu, there would be little effect.


 But soon, hatred and determination appeared on his face.


 “Even though the sharp tusk boar is dead, I still have the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison!” Hei Cheng growled, he controlled Dark Prison, it flew like a meteor, bursting the air as it crashed towards the silver giant.


 An Immortal Gu House had both offense and defense, it was a war fortress, it could not be underestimated.


 Immortal killer move — Star Cloud Grindstone.


 Immortal killer move — Forceful Mountain Shield.


 Immortal killer move — Heavenly Stem Earth Veil.


 Inside the silver giant, three Gu Immortals used three defensive immortal killer moves together.


 At once, three arms of the silver giant transformed at the same time!



***
Chapter 884 - Fatal Undercover Agents


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Shortly, the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison would be crashing upon the silver giant like a meteor.


 At this time, on three arms of the silver giant, a change occurred.


 On one of the arms, the hand opened up as a lump of a star cloud spiral appeared on the palm, the spiral became larger and larger, it soon grew to five or six times the size of an ordinary star cloud grindstone, it spun fifty to sixty percent faster than usual.


 Another arm was folded in front of its chest, as the forearm changed, conjuring a huge navy blue shield.


 This shield was so huge that even with the silver giant’s height of several tens of meters, half of it was covered.


 The final arm was hanging by its side, it seemed to be grasping onto a translucent light yellow veil, it was less eye-catching than the other two moves.


 Immortal Gu House Dark Prison tore through the air, it was right in front of the giant.


 The silver giant pushed forward with the star cloud grindstone.


 A loud bang erupted from Dark Prison, as it was sucked into the star cloud grindstone.


 The star cloud grindstone started to grind and emitted a loud sound, its shape expanded and shrunk at times, after several rounds of movement, it exploded.


 The star cloud was destroyed, within the fragments of blue light, Immortal Gu House Dark Prison charged out like a wild bull.


 The silver giant used its navy blue shield to block it.


 Dark Prison crashed into the shield, after several breaths of time, huge amounts of cracks appeared on the shield at the area where it was in contact with Dark Prison, the shield broke soon after.


 But after these two defenses, Dark Prison only had less than thirty percent of its original power.


 Eventually, when Dark Prison crashed into the heavenly stem earth veil, it was weak and powerless, it was like an arrow that had used up its energy, it hit the silver giant’s chest and only caused inconsequential damage to the latter.


 Even though Dark Prison was an Immortal Gu House, Hei Cheng was the only Gu Immortal activating it.


 In this aspect, the ancient battle formation, Heavenly Giant Solor, was quite similar to an Immortal Gu House.


 The more Gu Immortals were involved in activating them, the more power they could unleash.


 But there was a difference between the two.


 Immortal Gu Houses did not have any requirements towards the Gu Immortals’ paths and cultivation levels. In contrast, a battle formation did.


 For example, Heavenly Giant Solor battle formation would work best if all the Gu Immortals inside were from the same path. That would make the silver giant stronger, and it would be more agile when manipulated.


 Looking at the battle now, Fang Yuan was star path, Mo Tan Sang was qi path, Lang Ya land spirit was a unique existence, while the remaining hairy man Gu Immortals were refinement path Gu Immortals.


 This caused Heavenly Giant Solor to not reach its maximum power. Thankfully, there were a lot of hairy men to set the foundation, otherwise, with so many different paths, the silver giant would not be able to form.


 This was only the requirement of Heavenly Giant Solor.


 Heavenly Giant Solor was the second most acclaimed battle formation among ancient battle formations, it did not have very strict requirements.


 According to historical records, many other battle formations had very strict or strange requirements. Normally speaking, it was hard to fulfill those conditions and create the battle formation.


 This weakness of battle formations was also a reason why they had vanished over history.


 As a similar pinnacle achievement of formation path, Immortal Gu Houses were much more convenient than battle formations, this was a display of improvements over generations of time.


 Throughout history, from ancient times to the present, each era had countless heroes and conquerors, talents and geniuses. The accumulations and wisdom of these people superimposed on one another, forming the current Gu cultivation era of numerous flourishing paths.


 Even though many natural materials, treasures, fierce beasts and plants from the Olden Antiquity Era and Remote Antiquity Era were extinct already, generally speaking, the current era surpassed the ancient times, there was continuous progress.


 Materials and Gu worms were only the foundation, the wisdom of Gu cultivators was the crucial point.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Qin Bai Sheng placed almost all of his attention on the sky.


 His gaze was heated, he raised both hands as he grabbed at the sky time and time again.


 Following his actions, thunder resounded in the sky, pieces of the space broke like a mirror, one after another, Gu worms were exposed. Then, under a mysterious and profound force, these Gu worms were pulled down, landing in Qin Bai Sheng’s hands.


 Qin Bai Sheng showed imposing might, he snatched these Gu worms like they were there for him to take.


 At this moment, his demeanor was overwhelming, he looked like a heavenly deity, he was grabbing at the stars and the moon, he gave off a feeling of being invincible and unmatched.


 There were two other people collecting Gu worms along with him at different locations, they were the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal and Fairy Jiang Yu.


 “They are trying to take my Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, we cannot let them succeed. Otherwise, a huge amount of land in Lang Ya blessed land would collapse!” At the center of the battle formation, Lang Ya land spirit was screaming anxiously.


 But it was no use.


 Even though the silver giant blocked the charge of the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, it could not stop Dark Prison from interrupting it.


 Many times, the silver giant, under the land spirit’s control, tried to get close to Qin Bai Sheng, but Hei Cheng blocked it desperately.


 Boom—!


 At this time, with a loud bang, lightning flashed in the sky as an Immortal Gu appeared in the broken space for the first time.


 “Good!” Qin Bai Sheng saw this and cried out unconsciously, his expression was full of joy.


 He stretched his hand to grab it, although in fact, this Immortal Gu belonged to Lang Ya land spirit, but it could not resist as Qin Bai Sheng ‘easily’ captured it, keeping it in his storage.


 Evidently, Qin Bai Sheng possessed some special method to take Immortal Gu from others.


 Once this Immortal Gu was lost, a huge impact occurred.


 Lang Ya blessed land shook intensely as huge waves appeared on the vast sea, crashing into the three continents.


 Far away, at a corner of the world, an intense collapse occurred. Space shrunk as the sea water and living beings in this area were forced towards the center of the sea area.


 “Qin Bai Sheng obtained only one Immortal Gu but it caused such a huge change in the blessed land?” Fang Yuan saw this and felt shock, he immediately had a vague guess over this.


 “Stop, quickly stop!!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted anxiously.


 The other hairy man Gu Immortals were also very worried, with the Immortal Gu taken away, there were huge repercussions to Lang Ya blessed land, the lives of the endless hairy men in the three continents were severely threatened!


 But Dark Prison blocked the silver giant, Qin Bai Sheng had set up defensive measures around himself and could not be easily disrupted.


 As Immortal Gu were taken away by Qin Bai Sheng one after another, Lang Ya blessed land started collapsing everywhere, tsunamis, hurricanes, floods, all these natural disasters formed, countless hairy men in the continents died.


 This was a classic case of mortals suffering from a fight between immortals.


 Fang Yuan saw this and affirmed his guess even more.


 Lang Ya blessed land’s true space had far exceeded that of a conventional blessed land, it could match an outstanding grotto-heaven. But Lang Ya blessed land was merely a blessed land.


 So how did Lang Ya land spirit achieve that?


 Fang Yuan already knew that the environment inside an immortal aperture was greatly affected by the dao marks contained in the immortal aperture.


 Thus, he naturally thought: “Lang Ya land spirit seems to have a unique method to fuse Immortal Gu into the world of this immortal aperture. This way, the dao mark fragments in the Immortal Gu would become the immortal aperture’s, and that would allow the immortal aperture to expand greatly.”


 “But now that Qin Bai Sheng is forcefully taking the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron, when the Immortal Gu were lost, Lang Ya blessed land lost a large amount of dao marks, this caused the environment to change, and the space inside to shrink.”


 Fang Yuan guessed correctly.


 It was due to this Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, being embedded into the world that Lang Ya blessed land could use the ample dao marks inside the Immortal Gu to create a huge space and generate countless resources, having an immensely abundant foundation.


 Much credit was to be given to the previous Lang Ya land spirit.


 After Refinement Cauldron was fused into the immortal aperture world, it was as if the entire immortal aperture was the inside of Refinement Cauldron, all of the living beings inside the immortal aperture were inside the refinement range of Refinement Cauldron.


 It was because of Refinement Cauldron’s help that the previous Lang Ya land spirit could nurture a large number of hairy man Gu Immortals.


 But doing that had a huge drawback.


 Firstly, Refinement Cauldron could not be moved, it was stuck inside the blessed land.


 Once it was moved, the environment inside the immortal aperture would shrink drastically, great amounts of losses and deaths were sure to occur.


 This was also the reason why Lang Ya land spirit would rather use the ancient battle formation than summon the Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron to battle.


 “Get lost!” The silver giant raised its hand and slapped Dark Prison away.


 Taking huge strides, the silver giant charged towards Qin Bai Sheng.


 But at the next moment, Dark Prison flew back again, crashing into the silver giant’s shoulder and making it lose its balance.


 Such a thing had already happened more than a dozen times.


 Hei Cheng was dragged into this, he could not stay out of this mess anymore, he had to risk it all!


 Even though Dark Prison suffered huge losses in the battle and was badly damaged, Hei Cheng had to grit his teeth and endure it.


 “It is useless! I can still hold on for a long time! An Immortal Gu House is made from a small number of Immortal Gu and countless mortal Gu, as long as the Immortal Gu remain intact, no matter how many mortal Gu are consumed, I can replenish them! If an Immortal Gu House can be destroyed so easily, can it still be called an Immortal Gu House?” Hei Cheng’s screams from inside the Immortal Gu House could be heard.


 “You are correct!” Lang Ya land spirit spoke, agreeing with Hei Cheng’s words.


 Hei Cheng stared blankly, before his expression changed.


 He found that in Dark Prison, many Gu worms had been forcefully refined by Lang Ya land spirit, including two Immortal Gu.


 Hei Cheng was right — if an Immortal Gu House could be destroyed so easily, could they still be called an Immortal Gu House?


 Thus, even though the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, lost many Gu worms, and even lost a number of Immortal Gu, as long as the core remained intact, it would only become weaker, the ability to refine Gu worms of others could still be used.


 “Hahaha, fifteen minutes is up. You have all lost, you have lost pathetically! My Refinement Cauldron still has two hairy man Gu Immortals, with them standing guard, how can you steal my Immortal Gu House?” Lang Ya land spirit shouted, declaring his victory.


 Lang Ya blessed land had a truly deep foundation, after fighting to this extent, there were still hairy man Gu Immortals that had not shown up yet.


 But it was reasonable, Refinement Cauldron had great importance, there had to be strength remaining to defend it.


 But at this moment, Qin Bai Sheng smiled coldly: “Are you sure about that?”


 Before his words were finished, two hairy man Gu Immortals descended from the sky, they paid their respects to Qin Bai Sheng: “Greetings to Lord Vice Envoy.”


 These two hairy man Gu Immortals that were left behind to guard Refinement Cauldron were actually undercover agents left in Lang Ya blessed land by Shadow Sect!


 With their cooperation, attacking from both the inside and outside, it was a foregone conclusion that the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, would be lost!



***
Chapter 885 - Anti-climatic Battle of Offense and Defense


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, he stared at this scene in disbelief.


 “Twelfth Hair, Thirteenth Hair, what are you doing?” The hairy man Gu Immortals were shocked and furious, one of them shouted loudly.


 “As hairy men, you are actually helping the enemy and betraying your kin! This is unforgivable!!”


 “Impossible. Twelfth Hair and Thirteenth Hair are hairy men that grew up in the blessed land, how could they betray us? This has to be an illusion, everyone, don’t be fooled by this!”


 Some of the hairy man Gu Immortals refused to believe this.


 The attentions of everyone were on those two hairy man Gu Immortals, they had an arrogant attitude as they surrounded Qin Bai Sheng protectively, they showed looks of pride and had no intentions to explain themselves.


 Their betrayal was a fatal blow towards Lang Ya land spirit’s side.


 Especially those hairy man Gu Immortals, their hearts were in chaos, they could not manipulate the battle formation easily.


 Hei Cheng obtained a precious chance to catch a breather.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s speed of gathering the Gu worms became quicker with the cooperation of the hairy man traitors.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s face was as dark as the bottom of a pan.


 He spoke, squeezing his words from between gritted teeth: “Kill, kill them all! Kill these two hairy man traitors! Even if they betrayed us and caused trouble, Refinement Cauldron still has my will, it has not stopped working yet. It can still function! Everyone, Lang Ya blessed land is at a moment between life and death, it will depend on all of you, we have no other way but to fight now, kill!”


 Lang Ya land spirit tried his best to spur on morale.


 No matter how naive the hairy man Gu Immortals were, they noticed the current desperate situation, and hardened their determination to resist with their full strengths one after another.


 The silver giant had an imposing aura as it moved forward again, fighting the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.


 After a few rounds, Dark Prison was defeated repeatedly.


 Inside Dark Prison, Hei Cheng’s hair was messy and his eyes were bloodshot, he felt dizzy as he had already used Dark Prison to its limits.


 In fact, this ancient battle formation had another drawback.


 That was, in order to unleash the full power of the battle formation, the Gu Immortals inside needed to have a lot of practice beforehand. However, this was the first time Fang Yuan and the others were working together.


 Inside the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor, even though there were many Gu Immortals, the real attackers were only Fang Yuan, Mo Tan Sang, and Lang Ya land spirit. This was like a person having two fists and yet only using three fingers to fight. The hairy man Gu Immortals were not skilled at fighting, they were holding Fang Yuan and the others back, causing the silver giant to look very clumsy, even though there were many opportunities, it could not use them.


 But during the intense fight, the immortals had gotten more familiar with controlling it, they had gained a trace of coordination between themselves.


 With this coordination, the silver giant managed to find two opportunities to send Dark Prison flying.


 Hei Cheng had to retreat.


 The two hairy man Gu Immortals went to guard Qin Bai Sheng.


 But the silver giant charged forward, it only stopped for a moment before its gigantic body approached Qin Bai Sheng to slam at him.


 Qin Bai Sheng spat out a mouthful of blood as the collection process was interrupted, he had to dodge, his body flew into the air.


 “Chase!” Lang Ya land spirit ordered.


 The silver giant chased after Qin Bai Sheng, but Dark Prison came again at a quick speed and peculiar angle. The defending hairy man Gu Immortals were caught off guard, they could not react in time and the silver giant was knocked away.


 The silver giant attacked fiercely and sent Dark Prison flying again.


 But this time, from afar, two figures came to help, they were Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi.


 And at this moment, the two hairy man Gu Immortals surrounded the massive silver giant like flies, moving quickly and attacking, doing their best to disturb it.


 Four Gu Immortals and a rank six Immortal Gu House engaged in fierce battle with the ancient battle formation, Heavenly Giant Solor.


 As time passed, the immortals on the land spirit’s side became more and more well coordinated. The silver giant’s battle strength rose, even though the enemy was attacking it desperately, they could not stop the giant’s movement.


 Some of the true power of an ancient battle formation was finally released.


 Qin Bai Sheng was forced to stop the collection process three times, as he moved away and dodged the silver giant’s assaults, his expression was becoming more pale.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self Giant Hand!


 In the fierce battle, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliance, he attacked suddenly.


 He had kept a low profile for a while, at this moment, he bared his fangs, using his trump card!


 Four arms of the silver giant rose up, slamming down fiercely.


 Bam bam bam bam!


 A loud sound of an intense explosion occurred, the air burst as four strength path hands slammed at the ground with an immense force.


 At this moment, the Gu Immortals in the battle formation expended a hundred beads of immortal essence!


 Amplified by the ancient battle formation, strength path giant hand’s power reached an unprecedented level.


 “Oh no!” Hui Feng Zi immediately used wind escape, desperately fleeing for his life.


 He Lang Zi turned into a giant wolf, quickly retreating. The strength path giant hands barely grazed him, but the giant wolf let out a pained growl, the bones in the part of its body that had been in contact with the hand broke completely, the flesh there turned into meat paste.


 Hei Cheng hesitated slightly.


 Two strength path giant hands clapped together, as if hitting a fly from either side, but instead, it was Dark Prison that was squashed by the palms.


 Rumble!


 With a loud sound, two strength path giant hands disintegrated.


 Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, which resembled a black meteor, swayed and shook as it flew away.


 The Immortal Gu House was not a fly, it would not collapse from that. But Dark Prison’s current condition made all of the Gu Immortals present suck in a deep breath of cold air.


 This Immortal Gu House’s appearance changed drastically, the round ball was squeezed from both sides, a huge crack formed around Dark Prison.


 Thick smoke emerged from this crack, as lumps of sparks erupted in the black smoke.


 “It is that rank seven Gu Immortal who killed Xue Song Zi!” Hui Feng Zi was indeed among the fastest in Northern Plains, after he escaped, he looked back at the battlefield, feeling lingering fear towards the giant hands.


 Inside the silver giant, the hairy man Gu Immortals were stunned before erupting into a cheer.


 Lang Ya land spirit was at first joyful, but soon, his gaze flashed as he thought of something, looking at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was pale, sweat gathered on his forehead. He was almost unable to stand, his body was shaking and swaying, he showed an expression of facing a fierce backlash after over-exerting himself.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s suspicions were lifted, he turned his attention towards the main enemy, Qin Bai Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng was no longer at his original spot, because a strength path giant hand was coming after him, he had to interrupt the Gu collection process and dodge.


 Now, his expression did not look good, it seemed like his past injuries had accumulated and achieved a qualitative change.


 In Fang Yuan and the others’ opinions, Qin Bai Sheng no longer had his previous domineering aura, he was extremely weak now.


 “I will stop here today, next time I come, it will not end like this. Hmph!” Qin Bai Sheng spoke a sentence before flying away. He seemed to be heavily injured, he gave up on the remaining parts of Refinement Cauldron as he left the battlefield.


 Lang Ya land spirit growled angrily as he chased.


 Qin Bai Sheng and the others were adequately prepared, after they gathered together, they tore through space and escaped from Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit could not fly out of the blessed land, he could only watch with anger and hatred as Qin Bai Sheng and the others flew away with half of Refinement Cauldron.


 “Why are we retreating? We have not obtained Refinement Cauldron entirely, this is different from our plans.” The group flew rapidly in the sky as Fairy Jiang Yu transmitted to Qin Bai Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s expression was grave: “The situation has changed, Luo Po valley is currently under attack. We have to return! That Immortal Gu is still being nurtured, it is soon to be completely formed. If we lose it, there will be huge repercussions in our crucial plan!”


 Fairy Jiang Yu’s heart shook, she asked: “Then what about Lang Ya blessed land?”


 “I would advise that we leave it alone for now, the hairy men inside have huge value.” At this time, the two hairy man Gu Immortals joined in the discussions.


 “As long as we have the immortal killer move soul replacement, we can go in to undergo possession and lurk, it is not a problem to create a few more undercover agents.”


 “Unfortunately, there is not enough time, we only managed to accumulate three hairy man Gu Immortal moles. Now that two of us are exposed, if we want to accumulate more undercover agents, we will need at least three hundred years!”


 “Even though we did not expose anything, the previous Lang Ya land spirit might have sensed something. He generally only let us Gu Immortals refine Gu, he did not give us the freedom to move about or opportunities to raise our battle strength by duelling.”


 The two hairy man Gu Immortals spoke one after another.


 Qin Bai Sheng thought about it before speaking: “Forget it, even though we still have one mole left, the important matter now is to protect Luo Po valley until that Immortal Gu is formed. This Immortal Gu is crucial to our plans, it cannot be lost! As for the Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, we took over half of it, it can be considered an incomplete Immortal Gu House. Even though we did not reach our goal, we can use Dark Prison to make up for it.”


 “Alright!”


 “When there is a good chance, we will make our move together.”


 The people from Shadow Sect gave subtle glances towards Hei Cheng, no longer transmitting their thoughts.


 “Move, we have to relocate!” At this moment, inside Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit muttered as he made up his mind.


 Long Hair Ancestor had died long ago, Lang Ya blessed land was an ownerless blessed land, yet it could actually be moved?


 This went against conventional reasoning.


 “I have my ways to relocate the entire blessed land. But during the process of movement, heaven and earth qi would be very unstable, the price to pay is huge.” Lang Ya land spirit explained to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly, Long Hair Ancestor’s foundation was so deep, he gained a new understanding regarding it.


 “This time, we could repel the enemy, the two of you put in much effort, especially you, Fang Yuan!” Lang Ya land spirit said.


 Mo Tan Sang stared with wide opened eyes, looking at Fang Yuan in shock, by now, he finally learned that this person in front of him was the Fang Yuan that he was familiar with.


 Fang Yuan felt no awkwardness regarding his identity being exposed, he smiled lightly at Mo Tan Sang.


 “Oh.” Lang Ya land spirit sighed: “It seems that it will be very hard for us hairy men to rise up. The road is filled with difficulties, twists and turns, but the future is bright. If you follow me, it will definitely be the right choice! This time, I am very pleased with your performance, I will reward you greatly!!”


 Immediately afterwards, he said: “Without proper grass, no horse would move for you. Even a dog needs to be given a bone for it to be enthusiastic. Oh no, why did I say my thoughts out loud again...”



***
Chapter 886 - Crying Miniman


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, in a certain secluded area, Luo Po valley.


 Souls were wailing, thunder roared and lightning struck down. The light of fire shined everywhere, and explosions rang out continuously.


 A huge, intense battle was ongoing.


 The defending side was Shadow Sect, whose members had resolutely abandoned Lang Ya blessed land and came back, Qin Bai Sheng, Fairy Jiang Yu, Hui Feng Zi, He Lang Zi and others.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Suppression!


 Qin Bai Sheng grunted, stepping forward in the endless light and fire.


 Bam bam bam!


 Three intense explosions sounded out, Qin Bai Sheng had forced back three invading Gu Immortals with an overwhelming momentum, giving a feeling of an impenetrable fortress.


 ‘I, the grand Chen Zhen Chi, actually lost three times in a row against a single Gu Immortal, and in one move each time?!’ The Gu Immortal from Myriad Dragon Dock, Chen Zhen Chi, stabilized himself with difficulty and looked at Qin Bai Sheng with shock and fury.


 ‘Damn it... it was not easy to organize a wave of offense, and it was actually broken by him so easily.’ Bu Fei Yan gritted her teeth as blood seeped out of her lips.


 ‘This soul path killer move is really too strong, who could have expected Qin Bai Sheng’s true strength to be so strong! Old Oracle’s deduction was really correct, this guy is very likely to be the culprit of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s destruction!’ Old Man Tian Long thought.


 The group that was attacking Luo Po valley was none other than the group of Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects.


 When their objectives could not be achieved in Snowy Mountain blessed land, Feng Jiu Ge was not discouraged and directed them appropriately, finding many secrets and clues.


 After going through Old Oracle’s deduction, the group of immortals found the location of Luo Po valley and hurried over.


 However, Luo Po valley had already been in Shadow Sect’s possession for a long time, and had a powerful defensive Gu formation. While Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were being delayed by this, Qin Bai Sheng and the others had retreated from Lang Ya blessed land, coming to reinforce immediately.


 Thus, the current situation was formed.


 Both sides were in a deadlock.


 Central Continent’s group wanted to invade Luo Po valley, while Shadow Sect’s group was defending their base tightly.


 Transformation path killer move — Fragrant Sorcerer Yin Statue Wolf Transformation!


 Wind path killer move — Death Wind Flying Blade!


 He Lang Zi and Hui Feng Zi saw the Central Continent Gu Immortals suffering setbacks, immediately grasping the opportunity to counterattack incisively.


 Fairy Ling Mei and Fairy Ao Xue from Heaven’s Envy Manor were no match against the intense attacks, and could only retreat without any power to fight back.


 Immortal killer move — Green Jade Song!


 At the crucial moment, Feng Jiu Ge took action, using an extraordinary sound path killer move.


 He Lang Zi and Hui Feng Zi suffered intense damage and fell back.


 Hui Feng Zi retreated back to the defensive Gu formation, spitting out over ten mouthfuls of blood in succession. This blood had changed into a deep green jade color.


 He Lang Zi’s injuries were even more severe, the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf he had transformed into had mostly changed into jade stones, he was extremely shocked: “What immortal killer move is this? It seems to restrain transformation path! I am actually not able to change back to human form. It looks like I have to resolve this injury before I can transform again.”


 “Feng Jiu Ge!” Qin Bai Sheng shouted furiously, his voice spreading over the whole battlefield.


 “Qin Bai Sheng, I underestimated you. Previously I was actually deceived by you, I am far beneath you in terms of acting skills. Fortunately, my side has a wisdom path Gu Immortal and without stinting on the expenditure of lifespan, he was able to successfully deduce the location of this Luo Po valley.” Feng Jiu Ge was still dressed in a red and white robe.


 His posture was straight, like a spear or sword. Right now, he was speaking with a slight smile, his tone was articulate and extremely graceful.


 “Successful deduction, my ass! I have no relation with the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. But since you came, your life will end here.” Qin Bai Sheng slowly closed his eyes and lowered his head.


 He placed his hands together in front of his chest, then he grabbed his left palm with his right hand and formed a fist, which he raised high above his head.


 When they saw this stance, the expressions of the Central Continent Gu Immortals started changing to that of shock and bewilderment, and they started retreating.


 Only Feng Jiu Ge stood on the spot, like he was nailed between heaven and earth, and would not move even if a storm battered him.


 He looked at Qin Bai Sheng’s stance with bright eyes: “This move, could it be Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s five finger fist heart sword?”


 “Correct.” Qin Bai Sheng replied: “Are you prepared to die?”


 Feng Jiu Ge laughed heartily, his expression was one of excitement: “Good, good, wonderful. Sword Immortal Bo Qing is my senior in Spirit Affinity House, he failed in his tribulation and his killer move inheritance also mysteriously disappeared. Spirit Affinity House did not obtain it, but it instead landed in a Northern Plains Gu Immortal’s hands. But I have read relevant records in the sect, this five finger fist heart sword is extremely powerful and sharp. It is rumored that back then, Lord Sword Immortal Bo Qing felt the majesty of Heaven and Earth, and the difficulty of ascension, thus he created this move to show his courage and pride of resisting heaven and earth by himself.”


 “So this move’s stance is quite peculiar, the person who uses it must confront heaven and earth, lowering their head and closing their eyes. It seems like an admission of defeat, but they are in truth using all their physical and mental strength to produce and unleash the sharpest attack. The fist above their head shows how incomparably bold Sword Immortal Bo Qing was. As the saying goes, I decide my own fate, not heaven, with a sword at my heart, I advance in sword path.”


 Feng Jiu Ge was not the least bit nervous in facing the legendary killer move, instead he was speaking with confidence.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals behind him were influenced by this, and the fear in their minds gradually dissipated. This made them have even more admiration of Feng Jiu Ge’s temperament.


 “Hmph, you know quite a lot, it seems you have a premonition of your defeat and death.” Qin Bai Sheng sneered.


 Feng Jiu Ge shook his head and smiled brightly: “By fortunate coincidence, I have created a sound path killer move, inspired during a certain time period. During my cultivation journey, I’ve discovered heaven and earth, faced heaven and earth, and revered heaven and earth, I felt the vastness of nature, felt how minute and weak I was. I named this song ‘heaven and earth song’! Heaven and earth is so vast, while humans are so insignificant. This song borrows the strength of heaven and earth, using an incomparable might to suppress all resistance!”


 On one side was the vast might of heaven and earth, in accordance with the course of nature and with boundless force, while the other side was about defying heaven’s will by oneself, with the will of sword path, pressing forward indomitably.


 These two moves were complete opposites of each other.


 In the end, would it be heaven and earth song or five finger fist heart sword that emerges victorious?


 The tempo of the whole battlefield slowed down for a moment.


 Everyone’s gazes were on Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng.


 Even Qin Bai Sheng showed a peculiar look, and while still having his eyes closed, he spoke: “Oh? Then this fight is going to be truly interesting. Take this, first finger!”


 ...


 Light illuminated Heavenly Court.


 Eternal and indestructible.


 The giant image in the air, formed by the refinement path Gu formation, was no longer dazzling, its radiance was completely restrained.


 “Good, the first stage is finished, all the materials have been processed. The second stage is to draw in heaven’s will!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord said after he inspected it once.


 “Draw in heaven’s will...” Fairy Cang Shui mumbled.


 Lian Jiu Sheng and Bi Chen Tian also bore serious expressions.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord continued to explain: “Heaven’s will is also known as the will of heaven and earth! Humans have will, heaven and earth also has will. Compared to heaven and earth, humans are tiny like ants, lowly like sand, they are basically not worthy of being mentioned. Heaven’s will is the most important immortal material to restore fate Gu. Now, it will be an extremely long and arduous process of managing this refinement path Gu formation. Because we need to resist heaven’s will, heaven’s will is boundless, we cannot let it ruin our minds, otherwise we will suffer extremely severe injuries or even die! Heavenly Court has lost quite a few rank eight Gu Immortals in this process. More preparation may quicken the speed of work, now we will take turns to rest and recover.”


 “Alright!”


 ...


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 A piece of lamb that was as large as cattle was laid out in front of Fang Yuan, dripping in blood.


 Fang Yuan sat on the ground and tore a portion of the meat, and put it in his mouth.


 His basin-sized mouth chewed continuously for a moment before swallowing it.


 Trickles of blood flowed out from the gaps between his sharp teeth, and seeped out of his lips. Fang Yuan’s face, however, showed a satisfied and happy expression.


 This lamb was not ordinary meat, but was the meat of a giant horned sheep.


 Fang Yuan had captured a live strength path desolate beast, giant horned sheep, previously in Northern Plains, right now he was using eat strength Immortal Gu to devour the meat and increase the strength path dao marks on his body.


 “I am a strength path Gu Immortal after all, strength path dao marks are my foundation.”


 Fang Yuan kept eating while looking back mentally over the defensive battle of Lang Ya blessed land.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan had first tested vaguely familiar face, deceiving almost everyone, the effect satisfied him.


 Secondly, he used star path killer moves in actual battle.


 Star cloud grindstone, star snake rope, six illusion star bodies and position star swap.


 Actual battle was vastly different from normal practice. Fang Yuan was able to comprehend an additional layer of understanding regarding these four immortal killer moves through the battle.


 Naturally, Star Lord Wan Xiang’s star path inheritance did not have just these four killer moves.


 However, Fang Yuan could only use these four currently.


 Because he only had three star path Immortal Gu – Star Mark, Starlight and Star Shoot. These three Immortal Gu were used in turns as the cores of the four star path killer moves.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang had four Immortal Gu but one was destroyed in battle. Thus, only three ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 “I had thought of using the light of wisdom to deduce some strength path immortal killer moves to make up for my weak points. But these star path killer moves are quite good and can be of use for now, there is no need for me to waste my time and energy.”


 Through this battle of defense in Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan was able to gain an even more clear understanding of his own battle strength.


 “When considering star path killer moves, my battle strength is already firmly at the peak of rank six. Just based on the offensive aspect, with myriad self, my battle strength can match rank seven. But I am still quite far away from being able to fight with veteran rank seven Gu Immortals, and can only try my best to pester and stall them. As for Qin Bai Sheng, I have no hope of matching him, he is a quasi rank eight, an expert like Feng Jiu Ge!”


 This battle made Fang Yuan truly recognize the power of Qin Bai Sheng.


 Due to this, in the entire battle, Fang Yuan generally did not use his full strength and was basically going with the flow. Only at the last juncture did he display myriad self giant hand.


 Under such a situation, being high profile was seeking death.


 From start to finish, Fang Yuan had placed some of his attention to controlling Fixed Immortal Travel constantly. Once something went wrong, he was ready to immediately retreat.


 “Who is this Qin Bai Sheng? His true strength is actually so great! Hei Cheng, Jiang Yu, Hui Feng Zi, and the others, why are they together? Qin Bai Sheng seems to be their leader, and with Hei Cheng in their group, Hei Lou Lan’s revenge is probably hopeless. Now that I think about it, the hidden details regarding Lang Ya blessed land run very deep, there is more than meets the eye.”


 In the memories of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Lang Ya blessed land had resisted seven waves of attacks.


 But now, just in this fourth wave, there were signs of not being able to resist.


 What was the truth in history? Was it because of influence from Fang Yuan that Lang Ya blessed land’s situation had changed?


 A thick fog had appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 “Even if I was in perfect condition, when facing Qin Bai Sheng, especially that immortal killer move soul suppression, I simply wouldn’t have any strength to strike back. Truly powerless.”


 Fang Yuan gazed down at his hand, his hand was stained with blood.


 Compared to Qin Bai Sheng, Fang Yuan seemed like this giant horned sheep which could only allow itself to be slaughtered by another.


 Heaven and earth was vast, nature was boundless. The more one knew, the more they would find out how ignorant they are. The stronger one became, the more they would find how weak they are.


 > had an interesting account.


 Boundless Forest Samsara was separated from her father, Ren Zu, and could only stay in ordinary abyss.


 She was heartbroken, and did not feel happy eating the fruits anymore.


 Every day, she would shed tears and weep incessantly, until she got tired and gradually fell asleep.


 In a dream of hers, she vaguely heard some extremely soft voices, and felt something small, like an ant was climbing her body.


 Immediately, she woke up and sat up, and saw a miniman was climbing on her body.


 Because of Boundless Forest Samsara’s movement, this miniman’s foothold became unstable and it fell to the ground.


 “Who are you? There is actually such a small person like you in the world?” Boundless Forest Samsara saw the miniman that was not even the size of her finger, and felt extremely curious, forgetting to cry for a moment.


 The miniman looked at the giant Boundless Forest Samsara with a stupefied look, and after the shock, he raised his head and started crying loudly.


 “Hey hey hey, little person, I am not crying, what are you crying for?” Boundless Forest Samsara was puzzled.


 The miniman spoke while crying: “I am the tallest in my tribe, and I was brave, arrogant and proud because of this. Today, I intended to climb a mountain, but to think that this mountain was really a person. There are actually such giant people like you in the world, this is the first time I’ve seen someone like you, so I burst into tears!”


 Almost every person who explored and grew up, would have such a mental journey.


 The more they saw, the more they realized their weaknesses. Sometimes they would sigh at the vastness of the world, and sometimes they would find how far their goal was and to reach their goal, they had to go through an endless journey which they had not considered before. They would feel loss, bewilderment, discouragement, panic, even hopelessness.


 Thus, one could understand the miniman crying when it saw Boundless Forest Samsara.


 “Thinking back to my previous life, I also was once perplexed and had ‘cried’. There are mountains beyond mountains, and experts beyond experts. There are always stronger existences than me, eternal life is too far away, how could my insignificant self achieve it?”


 Fang Yuan gazed at his bloody palm and was lost in thought for a while.


 After a long time, he suddenly smiled, revealing his sharp fangs.


 “Still too weak. Whether it was my previous life or this life, I am like that miniman that wanted to climb the mountain.”


 “But... my insignificance won’t be an excuse to stop chasing after the grandness.”


 “Only the cowardly and defeated will look for excuses.”


 “Even if tears are shed and snot flows out, I will continue to climb the mountain, this is the pleasure of life.”


 As he thought of this, Fang Yuan ripped apart another portion of bloody meat and bit it.


 The sharp teeth ruthlessly chewed at the meat, trickles of fresh blood seeped out of his lips.



***
Chapter 887 - Short Break


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Half a month later.


 In Fang Yuan’s dead immortal aperture, two wills were in a fierce struggle.


 One will was like specks of starlight, flickering brightly. The other will was illusory, suddenly going in and retreating just as suddenly.


 They were a star will and a fake will.


 These two wills had already fought for seven minutes. The star will was slowly unable to keep up with the fake will, and was showing signs of losing.


 However, with a shift of Fang Yuan’s mind, a new portion of will descended from the sky and joined the battle like reinforcements, immediately changing the battle situation.


 In the end, the fake will was defeated miserably with only a few fragments of it remaining.


 “Fang, Fang Yuan, you... will die... a terrible death...” The fake will could not condense into any form, and used all its strength to curse in a stammering voice.


 A curse from such a weak being was simply of no importance.


 The star will won, it condensed into Fang Yuan’s image and sneered while glancing at Mo Yao’s fake will, before it flew to the sky and left the dead immortal aperture.


 “I have already made large progress in battles of wills. Now, in a one versus one, although I cannot defeat Mo Yao and am defeated every time, Mo Yao’s will also doesn’t have an easy time, and recently all her victories are achieved with difficulty.”


 While Fang Yuan was evaluating himself inwardly, the star will entered his mind and the information received this time appeared in his mind.


 Fang Yuan originally had no expectations, but the information this time gave him a slight surprise.


 “Spring dream fruit tree?” Fang Yuan’s mind jolted.


 During her travels in the outside world, Mo Yao had once unexpectedly found a spring dream fruit tree near a nameless hamlet.


 At that time, the conceptualization of dream path was very minimal and there were no external manifestation of dream realms, even Heavenly Court’s exploration of dream realms was extremely shallow.


 Mo Yao only felt the tree was somewhat strange, she did not recognize it, so she engraved it in her mind.


 She left this spring dream fruit tree in its place and did not move it.


 Spring dream fruit tree was not a desolate plant and looked ordinary, normal Gu Immortals would not be able to find anything wrong. It was only because Mo Yao’s investigative killer move was rather unique that she discovered some strange points about the spring dream fruit tree.


 But she was only slightly curious, it was not an immortal material after all. Later, because of other matters, she did not visit that hamlet again.


 That spring dream fruit tree all along had been left there.


 Time brings great changes, so many years had gone by, who knew what had happened to that tree.


 Perhaps it was already cut down by mortals, maybe it was destroyed by fire or maybe it was still there.


 The possibilities were too many, it was anyone’s guess.


 “This old hag, Mo Yao, is still hard to deal with! She suppressed this memory in the deepest layers, until she could no longer hide it and I found it. But according to this state, almost all the things she knew have been squeezed out by me.”


 Fang Yuan suppressed the thought to go and take the spring dream fruit tree.


 In fact, he had also obtained another valuable clue earlier.


 It was in regards to hibiscus stalactites, this was a genuine immortal material.


 However, when he had secretly gone to that place, he discovered the main area was already secretly occupied by Spirit Affinity House.


 Fang Yuan thought for a while before deciding not to go.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan did not hold much hope in regards to the spring dream fruit tree. Moreover, to retrieve the spring dream fruits, he had to use special dream path methods and also make other preparations.


 “If there truly are spring dream fruits, they will be of huge help to me in refining dream path mortal Gu. After all, the materials used in refining dream path Gu worms are truly scarce.”


 Ever since he got the immortal killer move unravel dream, no matter how busy he was, Fang Yuan would spend some time almost every day to refine dream path mortal Gu.


 If he had spring dream fruits, it would be of great help in refining these dream path mortal Gu. Even with a conservative estimation, the efficiency of refining the Gu would multiply by at least times!


 The extremely weak Mo Yao’s will was left in the dead immortal aperture to slowly recover.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes and left his bed, moving to Dang Hun palace’s prison.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was held captive here, he was lying on a stone bed, his eyes vacantly gazing at the ceiling without moving.


 Immortal Crane Sect had abandoned him, and this to him was an extremely heavy impact.


 After the initial hysterical shouting and wailing, Fang Zheng had turned into this state.


 Fang Yuan began to speak.


 Even if his voice was filled with ridicule, or belittling and cursing Immortal Crane Sect as well as Lord Sky Crane, Fang Zheng did not respond.


 Fang Yuan did not mind and continued to speak for a while before leaving.


 Reeducating his little brother required time and could not be done in one step. Fang Yuan had already expected this and also did not lack patience.


 Every set interval of time, he would take the initiative to visit Fang Zheng.


 In Dang Hun palace, he could completely monitor Fang Zheng’s every action from far away. The true intention behind Fang Yuan personally arriving was to let Fang Zheng know he had visited.


 Fang Yuan left the area and entered another prison.


 Up to this point, Fang Yuan’s prisons had already held many prisoners.


 Other than Mo Yao’s fake will and Gu Yue Fang Zheng, there was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, the rank seven featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling’s soul, and finally, Xue Song Zi’s soul, which he had captured in the battle of Lang Ya blessed land.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul was already completely searched by Fang Yuan and the only value it had left was the soul itself.


 Meanwhile, the souls of Zheng Ling and Xue Song Zi still had great value.


 Over these last days after returning from Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan had been constantly soul searching these two.


 The gains were considerable, large numbers of mortal Gu recipes, many mortal killer moves, some immortal killer moves, a few Immortal Gu recipes, as well as secret knowledge, many treasure-troves and clues to inheritances.


 However, because Zheng Ling was a wind path Gu Immortal and Xue Song Zi was a snow path Gu Immortal, these were not suitable for Fang Yuan’s strength path or star path.


 Before Fang Yuan got hold of wind path Immortal Gu or snow path Immortal Gu, these things could only increase his accumulation and strengthen his foundation.


 One thing worth noting was that Xue Song Zi’s soul had been tampered with, and his most recent memories were erased. Thus, Fang Yuan did not know why Xue Song Zi and Hei Cheng were in cahoots with Qin Bai Sheng.


 Such a soul path method was extremely profound, making Fang Yuan lost in wonder and unable to do anything.


 Naturally, the souls of Zheng Ling and Xue Song Zi were still not completely searched, the future gains were still unknown variables.


 As for Lang Ya land spirit’s reward, it was indeed extremely bountiful.


 Fang Yuan not only received the previously agreed upon rank six Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu, moreover under Fang Yuan’s persistence, Lang Ya land spirit fully imparted the method to relocate a blessed land to Fang Yuan.


 These were only two rewards, but they had extremely huge value to Fang Yuan.


 There was no need to mention the value of all-out effort Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe, speaking instead of the method of relocating a blessed land.


 Whether it be Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land, both needed to be moved urgently.


 But the cost of this method was extraordinary and would inflict huge damage to the blessed land itself, and it required using twelve Immortal Gu at the same time. Lang Ya land spirit had already prepared to relocate Lang Ya blessed land.


 After the relocation, he would lend these Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan for Fang Yuan to relocate his blessed lands.


 Naturally, the price of borrowing these Gu was very high.



***
Chapter 888 - Entering Eastern Sea


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Two months later.


 At a certain place in Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng stood quietly on a cloud, waiting for Shark Demon and others.


 The sun was setting now, causing a huge area of clouds with a burning red appearance to the west, even the sea underneath them was dyed red.


 Waves after waves appeared in the sea, under such elegant turbulence, the last rays of light shone brightly onto these water droplets, they were bright and red. Together with the burning red looking clouds, a beautiful scene was formed.


 “Every time I see such a beautiful sight, I will stop and immerse myself in this atmosphere, sighing at the marvels of nature.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a deep gaze as he sighed: “Right now, I am someone who has succeeded in immortal ascension, but I can feel that this world is still so grand and majestic, it makes one feel like they are an insignificant insect, having a great sense of inferiority. Comparing mankind to heaven, we are really insignificant. Maybe only rank nine Gu Venerables would have the qualifications to contest with heaven and earth, I have no such hope.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Brother Tai Bai, don’t think too lowly of yourself. Do you remember from >, that story of the miniman, when we recognize that we are tiny and insignificant, we have to try and get even stronger. We are tiny, but to stop being ignorant and become wise, you will feel pain, because that shows you are growing.”


 “Xing Xiang Zi, you still have such grand ambitions. Hahaha...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was stunned for a moment before he laughed as well.


 The two were still conversing, when a Gu Immortal emerged from the sea below them.


 “Who is this?” Fang Yuan shouted.


 “Lords, please calm down, my name is Sha Nan Jiang, I was sent by Lord Shark Demon to invite both of you over.” The person smiled as he introduced himself.


 Sha Nan Jiang’s body rose up, in a few breaths of time, he arrived at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s location.


 He was a rank six immortal zombie.


 His body was strong and muscular, he had a bald head with a copper band on it, he had icy blue eyes and his skin was like old tree bark, his arms and legs were exposed on the outside, his fingers were webbed, his ears looked like fish fins, they were sharp and extended towards the back of his head.


 Fang Yuan twiddled his fingers, suddenly asking: “Scenic blue travel immortal zombie body?”


 Sha Nan Jiang’s mild smile froze, he stared at Fang Yuan as he cupped his fists: “Sir must be the wisdom path Gu Immortal Xing Xiang Zi? Impressive, my scenic blue travel immortal zombie body was self-created, I have just come out of closed cultivation, I have not told anybody. Sir only made a small deduction and actually found out its name.”


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan chuckled: “I am not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, I mainly cultivate star path, I only secondarily cultivate wisdom path. Earlier, I was just guessing randomly, I was lucky to have been correct.”


 Fang Yuan was very humble.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng watched at the side, laughing to himself inwardly.


 This was the first time Tai Bai Yun Sheng met this Sha Nan Jiang. Thus, the scene earlier occurred.


 Sha Nan Jiang used an immortal killer move to sneak over here, when he reached the sea beneath Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his traces were exposed by Fang Yuan.


 This was the probing of Sha Nan Jiang.


 But soon, Fang Yuan retaliated and deduced the name of Sha Nan Jiang’s immortal zombie body.


 When Gu Immortals interact, their strength was the most important thing. After some mutual probing, they could win each other’s respect.


 Sha Nan Jiang no longer dared to be careless, he showed a serious expression.


 He nodded to Fang Yuan, having a respectful expression, before turning his gaze to Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Please follow me, Lord Shark Demon and the others are already attacking Yu Lu blessed land.”


 A moment later, the three of them dived into the seawater and saw a door at the bottom of the sea.


 This door was circular and had a light color, it looked like porcelain or jade. Chains of water crystal pearls lined the top of the door as they hung, forming a veil and blocking the entrance.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes showed a look of curiosity.


 He would definitely not think that this door that had suddenly appeared was made of jade.


 This was the entrance of Yu Lu blessed land, it only showed its outer appearance, but its true purpose was to act as the connection between Yu Lu blessed land and the outside world.


 The entrance was extremely significant to small worlds like blessed lands and grotto-heavens.


 Once the entrance was closed, the immortal aperture world would become an enclosed small world, isolated from the outside world. If Gu Immortals from outside the immortal aperture wanted to enter, it would be extremely difficult.


 One could say, the entrance was the first difficulty to tackle when invading a blessed land.


 Back then, Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang and Fairy Cang Yu worked together to attack Fang Yuan’s Hu Immortal blessed land. In order to solve the problem of the entrance, they used Fang Zheng and a blood path method to locate it. Only after locating the blessed land did they enter Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Qin Bai Sheng and the others invaded Lang Ya blessed land, they also made use of the souls of the hairy man Gu Immortal undercover agents to locate it and enter Lang Ya blessed land.


 Thus, even if Fang Yuan did not capture Fang Zheng to use Blood Deity, he would still need to be concerned about the safety of Hu Immortal blessed land and deal with Fang Zheng. In that case, there would be no way of tracking him. Even if they knew the location of Hu Immortal blessed land precisely, even if they could break the space between the two worlds, they could not connect to the inside of the blessed land.


 As the three arrived in front of the light jade door, Sha Nan Jiang activated his Gu worms as the crystal veil of the entrance lifted, and the door opened.


 “Sirs, please enter.” Sha Nan Jiang invited.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this and smiled: “Your alliance has formidable methods, you can already control the entrance.”


 Sha Nan Jiang smiled lightly: “Sir Tai Bai might not know, ever since the failure two months ago, Lord Shark Demon returned to the Zombie Alliance headquarters and spend a huge sum of contribution points to request for the help of a rank seven wisdom path immortal zombie. Right now, we have already gotten through the round of vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain, and entered deeper within. This entrance was also completely under our alliance’s control since a month ago.”


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, they stepped into Yu Lu blessed land.


 After entering the blessed land, they did not see Yu Lu blessed land’s true appearance, instead they were inside a frozen world that was completely white.


 “This is the third round after vanishing immortal essence dissipation rain, it is a battlefield killer move called freezing rain frozen earth. Every hour, there would be intense freezing rain, as well as attacks from snow monsters. Lord Shark Demon and the rest are just up ahead.” Sha Nan Jiang introduced.


 “Freezing rain frozen earth...” Fang Yuan muttered lightly, he gazed around, showcasing huge interest regarding this battlefield killer move.


 He had already eliminated his earlier weakness after gaining several star path techniques.


 Be it attack, defense, movement, investigation, or healing, he had no apparent gaps.


 Even in terms of investigation, Fang Yuan had an immortal killer move. Not long ago, Sha Nan Jiang was exposed by Fang Yuan, that was because of a star path investigative immortal killer move.


 His current battle strength was firmly at the peak of rank six. If he used myriad self, he would reach rank seven battle strength.


 What Fang Yuan lacked now was a battlefield killer move.


 If he had a battlefield killer move, he could kill a Northern Plains Zombie Alliance immortal zombie secretly, taking over their identity and infiltrating the place.


 For this goal, Fang Yuan sought Fairy Li Shan for help, but she rejected him.


 Fang Yuan racked his brains over it, he was an astute person, he found another method to take a step back and make an alternative goal, he decided to get into Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters.


 Thus, he used the appearance and identity of an ordinary star path Gu Immortal, Xing Xiang Zi, and came to Eastern Sea with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, intentionally getting close to Shark Demon and the others.


 “Brother Tai Bai, we meet again. Hahaha!” A moment later, when everyone met, Shark Demon was extremely enthusiastic.


 He patted Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shoulder and directed his gaze towards Fang Yuan: “Sir must be brother Tai Bai’s best friend, Xing Xiang Zi? Since you are brother Tai Bai’s friend, you are also my friend.”


 “I am but a wandering lone cultivator, I would not dare to.” Fang Yuan smiled humbly.


 He wore a large blue robe, his hair was white like snow, but his skin was tender like a baby’s skin, he had a poised and sagely appearance. In fact, he looked more appealing than Tai Bai Yun Sheng, one could not help but feel some fondness upon seeing him.


 Shark Demon’s wife, Su Bai Man, asked: “Don’t be so humble, Xing Xiang Zi, I heard that sir has quite an impressive wisdom path attainment level, can we have a demonstration?”


 Fang Yuan looked towards her.


 Su Bai Man was an immortal zombie, but he could see her former beauty and elegance.


 As the saying goes, a beautiful woman leads to a hero’s grave. It was no wonder that Shark Demon turned himself into a zombie, sacrificing his immense cultivation prospects to accompany Su Bai Man.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan replied to her without hesitation: “Then I will give it a try, please do forgive me if I mess up.”


 “Just go for it, Sir Xing Xiang Zi. Even if you fail, nobody will blame you.” Shark Demon replied.


 He had a ruthless and fierce nature, he usually looked at people coldly, but this was the first time he was meeting Fang Yuan, yet he was so warm and enthusiastic. Evidently, he was giving Tai Bai Yun Sheng face.


 Or rather, he was giving face towards the man as before Immortal Gu that Tai Bai Yun Sheng had.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and observed the surroundings.


 This world before him was a land of snow and ice. It was completely white, it indeed was a battlefield killer move, they were often known as quasi-blessed lands.


 Fang Yuan activated many wisdom path Gu worms within his immortal aperture, he used several wisdom path investigative killer moves in front of everyone.


 But he saw no flaws, the entire battlefield was completely unchanged and intact, he could not finding a point of weakness.


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious, even though he had studied very hard over the last two months, becoming proficient with many wisdom path techniques, the battlefield killer move in front of him was not simple, it was created by Fairy Yu Lu.


 Fairy Yu Lu was a remarkable person.


 She had an impressive origin, being a disciple of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. He was the one who left behind the number one battlefield killer move inheritance in the entire history of humanity!


 Fairy Yu Lu’s battlefield killer move was certain to be extraordinary.


 “Impressive! This battlefield killer move is completely fused with Yu Lu blessed land, it seems that it was created using the dao marks in the blessed land. Such methods are much more advanced than Lang Ya blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan observed for a long time, he gradually found some interesting points.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not dare to setup a battlefield killer move in his blessed land to deal with Qin Bai Sheng, he only used the twelve wave cloud confusion Gu formation to deal with them. Lang Ya land spirit was afraid that the temporary dao marks created in setting up a battlefield killer move would harm the blessed land greatly.


 In fact, in the current cultivation world, most Gu Immortals would not dare to use a battlefield killer move in their blessed lands or grotto-heavens.


 Once the temporary dao marks made by the battlefield killer move clashed with the dao marks in the immortal aperture small world, the battlefield killer move would fail, and the Gu Immortal would face a backlash. In the worst case scenario, the dao marks will conflict with each other, unleashing terrifying strength that could destroy the blessed land and kill the Gu Immortal on the spot.


 This had the same principle with the backlash of refining Gu.


 But Fairy Yu Lu was indeed a great expert in battlefield killer moves, she directly countered this weakness by using incredible techniques that were out of Fang Yuan’s imagination. She even greatly surpassed a fossil like Lang Ya land spirit in this regard.


 Fang Yuan was secretly in admiration and anticipation: “It would be great if I can obtain Fairy Yu Lu’s inheritance. Even if I get only one battlefield killer move that suits me, it would be a wonderful thing!”



***
Chapter 889 - Freezing Rain Frozen Earth


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Within the battlefield killer move freezing rain frozen earth, Fang Yuan used wisdom path techniques one after another, making continuous deductions.


 Freezing rain frozen earth was made using the dao marks inside Yu Lu blessed land, they were not temporary dao marks, this made it very troublesome to deal with.


 Shark Demon and the others could not break this battlefield killer move forcefully. If they destroyed it, they would be destroying the dao marks inside Yu Lu blessed land, this would cause irreparable damage to Yu Lu blessed land.


 This was the same as saying: Qin Bai Sheng snatched away a portion of the Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, this cased Lang Ya blessed land to lose a large number of dao marks, it was a devastating loss.


 Shark Demon and the others attacked Yu Lu blessed land for the inheritance and resources inside. Furthermore, violently destroying a battlefield killer move required a powerful offensive immortal killer move, that in turn meant that they would expend a huge amount of immortal essence.


 Thinking about the costs and benefits, Shark Demon and the others could only try to properly unravel the battlefield killer move freezing rain frozen earth.


 Thankfully, this Yu Lu blessed land was ownerless, and it was unknown if there was a land spirit. Fang Yuan had many Gu Immortal guards around him, they gave him a lot of freedom to research and decipher the environment.


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes as starlight shot out of his pupils.


 At this moment, in his mind, countless star thoughts were moving about, clashing into each other as he deduced rapidly.


 Fang Yuan was putting in all his effort now in deducing freezing rain frozen earth!


 Firstly, deducing such a high quality battlefield killer move could give Fang Yuan a lot of new knowledge and inspiration.


 Even if Fang Yuan could not obtain a battlefield killer move that suited him, with this knowledge and inspiration, he had a firm foundation to create his own battlefield killer move.


 Secondly, the plan for Fang Yuan after entering Eastern Sea was to enter the headquarters of Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 This was the first time he was meeting Shark Demon, he had to display his worth so that Shark Demon would think highly of him, helping to recommend him into Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters.


 As he deduced at a rapid rate, time passed quickly as well.


 “Time is almost up, the freezing rain is going to start soon, the snow monsters will form and attack us. How much longer does Sir Xing Xiang Zi need?” A Gu Immortal that came along with Shark Demon asked impatiently.


 His name was Bo Dan, a Gu Immortal member of Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 He was not an immortal zombie, but a living person. But he was in difficult straits, and did not have a high status after joining Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 Because he had some wisdom path attainment, he was brought into Yu Lu blessed land by Shark Demon, to join in this invasion.


 Before Fang Yuan appeared, Bo Dan was the only pseudo-wisdom path Gu Immortal in the group.


 The appearance of Xing Xiang Zi threatened his status and benefits.


 If Fang Yuan made a successful deduction, would that not show that Bo Dan was useless?


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was not making progress, Bo Dan could not hold it in anymore, he vaguely exerted pressure on Fang Yuan.


 The other Gu Immortals were also paying attention to Fang Yuan’s performance.


 Bo Dan asked the question they had internally.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly, he did not try to protect his face, he said directly: “I am ashamed! This battlefield killer move is very profound, after deducing it for so long, I have only made some minor progress.”


 This battlefield killer move, freezing rain frozen earth, was indeed worthy of the work of the rank eight great expert, Fairy Yu Lu.


 Fang Yuan used many wisdom path techniques in turn, but he made no progress! It was like he was facing a giant barrier, he did not even know where to start.


 “Is that so.” Su Bai Man sighed, feeling disappointed.


 Fang Yuan was unwilling to give up this chance: “Give me a bit more time, I will continue to deduce.”


 Shark Demon nodded, he said: “Xing Xiang Zi, go ahead and make your deductions, we will block this attack for you.”


 At the same time, Shark Demon was considering other thoughts internally: “Xing Xiang Zi was highly recommended by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but now it seems that he is not as amazing as he was said to be. Sigh, last time the battlefield killer move already made me pay a huge price in asking a wisdom path immortal zombie in Zombie Alliance to help. I have already invested a huge sum into Yu Lu blessed land, I need to be thrifty. If this Xing Xiang Zi can really unravel this battlefield killer move, that would be the best outcome.”


 But now, the other Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan with much less expectations.


 Bo Dan watched at the side, he laughed to himself internally: “In the previous battlefield killer moves, I could at least find the Gu worms lurking behind it. But this time, I could not even find any clues. I’m curious, how will you find a breakthrough?”


 As expected, a moment later, in the sky above this battlefield, a small drizzle of freezing rain started.


 These raindrops were like tiny ice needles.


 Rather than raining, this was more like the falling of ice needles, piercing the air and shooting towards Fang Yuan and the others.


 The Gu Immortals used their defensive techniques.


 Bo Dan did not have an Immortal Gu, he was protected by Shark Demon’s defensive immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan was also shielded by Shark Demon.


 Countless ice needles shot down, but they were blocked by the light barrier, because the needles were moving extremely quickly, they caused sparks to appear on the light barrier.


 Fang Yuan willed, using star cloud grindstone and entering it.


 He was not going to place his safety in the hands of others.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s defensive immortal killer move, the other Gu Immortals’ gazes shined, their attitudes changed slightly.


 Fang Yuan could use an immortal killer move, he definitely had an Immortal Gu.


 A Gu Immortal with Immortal Gu was not to be underestimated in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 Not all Gu Immortals had Immortal Gu. In fact, most rank six Gu Immortals could only use mortal killer moves, they were unable to obtain an Immortal Gu even after much difficulty.


 The intensity of the rain increased, as the ice needles slowly turned into stronger ice darts.


 The ice darts tore through space, creating shrill and loud sounds.


 The Gu Immortals defended together, they placed all their efforts on defense, they were also inwardly counting the expenditure of their immortal essence.


 “Eh? This battlefield changed a little after using a new attack, a tiny flaw has appeared and I can make use of it. It is no longer like before when I had no clue at all.” Fang Yuan’s heart shook, he felt a sense of joy.


 He moved quickly, three times as fast as earlier.


 At the same time as using mortal killer moves, he also used wisdom path mortal Gu.


 These killer moves and mortal Gu hit the air, causing smoke to rise, thunderous explosions, or jade green acid to splatter.


 Fang Yuan used all sorts of methods to test this flaw.


 But the effect was quite lackluster.


 The ice dart rain had turned into an icicle storm.


 The Gu Immortals’ immortal essence expenditure rose at a rapid speed.


 Roar!


 With a loud sound, a huge snow monster charged over from the icy rain that filled everyone’s vision.


 Snow monsters were the prey of snowmen, by eating the flesh and blood of snow monsters, snowmen could breed more rapidly and even gain lifespan.


 A thirty feet tall snow monster could battle a rank three Gu Master. Forty feet tall had the strength of a rank four Gu Master. And fifty feet tall had the terrifying power of a rank five Gu Master.


 But the snow monster right now was about sixty feet tall.


 This was a desolate beast level snow monster, it was not to be underestimated.


 “Try not to kill them, even if these snow monsters die in battle, they will revive, they are very persistent.” Su Bai Man quickly reminded.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 “Endlessly reviving snow monsters? How can we fight them like this?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng also had a change in expression.


 “Don’t worry, once the time is up, these snow monsters will vanish on their own. They will only reappear during the next time the freezing rain appears.” Shark Demon explained.


 A Gu Immortal to the left of Shark Demon sighed in a worried tone: “This freezing rain frozen earth battlefield killer move already had a hint of resemblance to Reincarnation Battlefield. Fairy Yu Lu was a disciple of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, she might have obtained some insight regarding reincarnation and rebirth.”


 Grrr!


 One after another, snow monsters appeared, they made it very hard for Shark Demon and the others to defend themselves.


 The attacks of the snow monsters were very powerful, and they did not lack mobility.


 The Gu Immortals did not want to face them directly, they attacked unceasingly, using immortal killer moves to disrupt the charging snow monsters, slowing their speeds and preventing them from getting close.


 Fang Yuan’s joy intensified.


 When the snow monsters appeared, he found out that this battlefield killer move had even more flaws.


 “There’s hope!” Fang Yuan cheered on himself.


 He had only received the wisdom path inheritance for a short amount of time, his wisdom path attainment level was at ordinary level, even though he worked hard without relaxing or slacking off, attainment levels needed accumulation over time.


 Calling Fang Yuan a half-baked user was a huge compliment already. He was more like a wisdom path newbie.


 But now, this wisdom path newbie was trying to unravel the killer move, freezing rain frozen earth. Using an analogy from Earth, this was like asking an elementary school student to do a senior high school mathematics problem.


 Fang Yuan grabbed onto this flaw he found, his hands were moving faster and faster.


 Eventually, under his deductions, he found a Gu worm.


 This was a mortal Gu, it was coordinated with countless mortal Gu and Immortal Gu to form the battlefield killer move freezing rain frozen earth.


 “Go!” Fang Yuan willed and a star snake rope flew out, coiling around this mortal Gu rapidly.


 But when Fang Yuan was about to drag this mortal Gu back for research, this mortal Gu self-detonated.


 The star snake rope missed its target, it could only return to Fang Yuan’s side.


 Such movements attracted the attentions of the other Gu Immortals.


 Because this mortal Gu was destroyed, the freezing rain became significantly weaker.


 “He actually found a flaw?” Bo Dan was shocked, he had once tried to look for flaws during the period of attacking, but he had no gains.


 Bo Dan’s wisdom path inheritance was too incomplete, it was of low quality and had limited methods.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan’s inheritance was extremely impressive, it had extraordinary origins. It led to the creation of many powerful wisdom path Gu Immortals, and its last owner was the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Even with Fang Yuan’s ability, he could find a flaw in the freezing rain frozen earth, this showed how impressive this inheritance truly was.


 “Good!” Shark Demon praised.


 But just as he said that, the storm above them became three times as fierce!


 Swish swish swish!


 Rain poured down like a storm, the icicles were sharp and emitted immense pressure on the Gu Immortals who were defending against the attack.


 “Xing Xiang Zi, what in the world did you do?” Bo Dan grabbed onto this great opportunity and chided.


 Fang Yuan’s heart also jumped, he knew that he was too rash. Even if he found a Gu worm that formed the battlefield killer move, he should not have destroyed it at will, otherwise, it would lead to an even stronger resistance and attack.


 But soon, Fang Yuan felt joyful again.


 After this mortal Gu was destroyed, the battlefield killer move freezing rain frozen earth had two more flaws.


 This way, there was more hope in unraveling the battlefield killer move!



***
Chapter 890 - Framing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Soon, using the star thoughts in his mind to make deductions, Fang Yuan found the location of a few more Gu worms.


 Their locations could not be found with investigative methods, of course.


 “One, two, three, four, a total of four spots. There are Gu worms hiding there, but they are all mortal Gu. They are really hiding well, even with my star path investigative immortal killer move, I could not find them.”


 With his earlier experience, Fang Yuan did not try and destroy these mortal Gu again.


 He remained unmoved, continuing to observe and deduce.


 “So close!” Soon, he sighed internally, finding a point of danger.


 The mortal Gu that was hiding at that place formed a crucial spot in the battlefield killer move.


 In his initial estimations, Fang Yuan found out that by killing this Gu, he would reduce the power of the freezing rain and snow monsters by fifty to sixty percent.


 But after further deductions, Fang Yuan obtained new findings: If he really eliminated the Gu, that would result in problems. Even though the current attack would be weaker, the next attack would happen more quickly, and its power will be three times as great!


 The current attacks were already very difficult for Shark Demon and the others to defend against.


 The freezing rain continued, it expended quite a lot of immortal essence, the immortal zombies were feeling a big headache.


 The sixty feet tall snow monsters came one after another, the Gu Immortals did not dare to be careless.


 “If the attack becomes thrice as strong, ancient desolate beast level snow monsters might show up!” Fang Yuan was internally shocked, the risk of unraveling this battlefield killer move was too high, if he lost his concentration even once, he would suffer severe consequences.


 And this was only against mortal Gu, the mortal Gu that made up the outer layer. If he was dealing with Gu worms inside the inner layer, if Fang Yuan’s methods were incorrect, he would face an even fiercer backlash!


 Fang Yuan got past the flaws and continued probing the other areas.


 Time passed quickly, but Fang Yuan made no progress.


 “This is the fourth wave already. Sigh... how much longer do we have to endure?” An immortal zombie sighed, since joining this invasion, the amount of immortal essence that he had already spent was causing him to feel loss.


 “In this current situation, no matter how much immortal essence we use, what would be the point if we don’t see any results?” Bo Dan provoked.


 Shark Demon and the others were feeling frustrated, their attentions were directed towards Fang Yuan.


 This was the first time they had met Xing Xiang Zi, they did not know what ability Fang Yuan had in wisdom path. Bo Dan was already useless, now the heavy burden of dismantling the battlefield killer move fell onto this stranger’s hands, could they rely on him or not?


 “Lord Xing Xiang Zi, since the start, you have been using mortal techniques to probe it. Look at this, even though the circumstances are not critical yet, it is already a tough situation. Why don’t you use immortal level wisdom path techniques? Don’t worry, according to the rules, the amount of immortal essence that you consume will be compensated to you later, you do not need to worry about the expenditure.” Bo Dan said again.


 Fang Yuan frowned.


 This Bo Dan had ill intentions, he had tried to sow discord time and time again.


 Fang Yuan was well aware of the troubles of being an immortal zombie, immortal essence was hard to obtain, he treasured his supply greatly.


 But now, there were huge losses but little progress, even if Shark Demon stayed silent and Su Bai Man remained impassive, he could guess the other immortal zombies’ frustrations.


 Fang Yuan could understand why Bo Dan was targeting him. But understanding was one thing, his provocative acts were akin to stabbing a dagger into Fang Yuan’s back.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan gave Bo Dan a deep look as he manipulated moving perspective cup Gu, transmitting to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng cooperated with him, speaking: “Bo Dan, why are you so anxious? Lord Shark Demon has already said it, we will endure this wave of attacks and fight for time for Xing Xiang Zi. Now that were are only halfway through this wave, you want to run away already? Or do you think that you have made immense contributions already?”


 Bo Dan’s expression changed, he said in a tone of one who was wronged: “Why would I dare to, Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng, you have misunderstood me!”


 He knew deeply that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was Shark Demon’s ‘hot favorite’, everyone knew of the warm attitude that Shark Demon had towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Furthermore, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had an extraordinarily precious Immortal Gu, it was an impressive healing method, he could not be offended.


 “Alright, stop arguing.” Shark Demon tried to control the situation as he looked at Fang Yuan: “We have already gone through the first three waves, we can afford to keep going through this fourth wave.”


 Fang Yuan felt Shark Demon’s gaze as his heart sank.


 It seems that Shark Demon and the others were not confident in him at all.


 How could he allow that to happen?


 Fang Yuan knew the importance of a first impression, he wanted to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance with Shark Demon’s recommendation. If he failed the first time he tried, Shark Demon’s poor impression of him would make things hard in the future. Even if he showed his worth later, the effect would be far worse than now. In contrast, if he succeeded now, even if he failed in the future, in Shark Demon’s perspective, it would be reasonable, after all, who would not fail sometimes?


 “Based on Shark Demon’s tone, it seems that he will not stay for the fifth wave. After all, the issue of cost is important in attacking a blessed land. Forget it!”


 Fang Yuan evaluated inwardly, he made up his mind.


 He struck suddenly, attacking the Gu worm from earlier.


 With a light sound, a Gu worm broke.


 “Another Gu worm! Haha.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng cooperated as he laughed loudly.


 Shark Demon and the others’ expressions turned to joy, their morale rose slightly.


 Bo Dan kept quiet.


 Following Fang Yuan’s instructions, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not let go of him: “How about that, Bo Dan? Regardless of whether a technique is mortal level or immortal level, the only importance is that it works.”


 Bo Dan nodded, showing a smile: “Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng is right, I was too rash earlier.”


 He understood the reasoning of backing down, he did not retort, he had given in.


 Evidently, it was very hard to deal with people like him who could hold in a grudge.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: “The rest of you may not know, but I have known brother Xing Xiang Zi for a long time, I know how impressive his wisdom path techniques are.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s actions were like a friend trying to speak up for his good friend.


 At this time, Fang Yuan pretended to have made huge advancements, he continued: “Hehehe, I finally took down one important area. With this discovery, I have a greater confidence in unraveling this battlefield killer move now!”


 “Is that so?” Su Bai Man’s eyes shone, she believed a portion of his words.


 But soon, the truth spoke for itself.


 A immortal zombie shouted: “Quickly look, the freezing rain has weakened, many desolate beast snow monsters are disintegrating on their own!”


 The immortals were overjoyed, their gaze towards Fang Yuan changed a lot.


 They had only taken Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s words with a grain of salt, but after seeing and sensing it for themselves, the immortals’ attitudes changed drastically.


 “Maybe this Xing Xiang Zi can really unravel the battlefield killer move?”


 “Earlier, Bo Dan could do nothing, but once he came, he destroyed two Gu and reduced the power of the battlefield killer move by half.”


 “It seems that his wisdom path attainment is much higher than Bo Dan. I have to admit, this Northern Plains barbarian has quite the skill.”


 Everyone’s hearts became filled with hope.


 Bo Dan smiled on his face, but he was feeling very dark and gloomy inside.


 The better Fang Yuan performed, the more it pointed out his inability.


 Bo Dan was very discontent, he used his wisdom path techniques and observed the battlefield.


 Once he observed it, his heart shook, he felt endless joy.


 It turned out that after Fang Yuan destroyed two mortal Gu, and after such a long time, with Bo Dan’s skill, he could find two flaws as well.


 He deduced in secret, this was his intelligence, he did not want to do anything until he had concrete results, he was biding his time for a counterattack.


 Fang Yuan retracted his gaze that was observing Bo Dan, he looked at the battlefield killer move again.


 After destroying that mortal Gu, it was as if a veil was lifted, six to seven flaws were exposed in the freezing rain frozen earth battlefield killer move.


 But Fang Yuan was not happy at all, he felt very gloomy.


 The price of obtain these six to seven flaws was simply too high.


 For the time being, Shark Demon and the others were still kept in the dark, but when the next wave of attack comes, they would feel the pain.


 Fang Yuan continued to deduce, he had used over ten thousand star thoughts already.


 The offense of the battlefield became weaker, Shark Demon and the others let out a breath of turbid air, the pressure of defending was very great, now that they were almost through with the fourth wave of attacks, they felt much less pressure, but they did not relax their alertness.


 Fang Yuan had good progress, but he did not act.


 He did not even use his probing methods from earlier. He sat in the air as he closed his eyes, showing others the impression that he was deducing with all his effort.


 In fact, he was thinking: “This battlefield killer move is used to defend the blessed land, there are benefits and demerits. The biggest drawback is that the battlefield killer move forms a temporary world, it is a pseudo-blessed land. In here, all mortal Gu and mortal killer moves can be used, they are not restricted like in a blessed land. But in total, the benefits outweigh the demerits. These battlefield killer moves can slow down the speed of invaders, up until now, Shark Demon and the others still have yet to even see Yu Lu blessed land’s true appearance. Even if they could use mortal killer moves, the invading Gu Immortals still have to expend a lot of immortal essence. Because once this battlefield killer move is activated, its power forces the Gu Immortals to defend themselves, or advance and attack using immortal methods.”


 “If I can obtain some battlefield killer moves in Yu Lu blessed land and use my own blessed land’s dao marks to set up layers and layers of battlefield killer moves, that would be most favorable. When I relocate Star Form blessed land, I can use this method to form layers of defense. Hu Immortal blessed land can also make use of this, in case one day, Hu Immortal blessed land gets attacked, these defensive battlefield killer moves can help me stall for time as I relocate the resources within.”


 Because they were afraid of interrupting Fang Yuan’s deductions, Shark Demon and the others remained silent.


 Because of Fang Yuan’s earlier performance, they gained some patience now.


 What they did not know was, Fang Yuan was actually thinking about other things instead of deducing.


 In this place, the most anxious person was not Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was worried about Fang Yuan, or even Shark Demon, it was Bo Dan.


 Bo Dan was anxious.


 He was not resigned to being suppressed by Xing Xiang Zi, earlier, because there were no flaws, so be it, he was helpless. Now that he found some flaws, there was hope, he tried his best to undergo deductions.


 Time continued to pass, but Fang Yuan did not do anything, Bo Dan instead found an area with hidden mortal Gu. If he got rid of this mortal Gu, there would be little harm, and there would be progress in breaking the battlefield killer move.


 Bo Dan had some ability after all, if not for that, Shark Demon would not have brought him to attack Yu Lu blessed land.


 Having this discovery, Bo Dan was overjoyed, he thought to himself: “Bo Dan, you are really amazing!”


 He was quite steady, he did not strike yet, instead he was observing Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was still shutting his eyes, he did not make a move.


 Bo Dan waited as he lost his patience, his eyes were darting around.


 He had wanted to wait for Fang Yuan to be helpless before he struck, giving a hard slap to Fang Yuan’s face. But soon, he thought: What if Xing Xiang Zi also finds this flaw, what would I do?


 Thus, he decided to act.


 “Lord Shark Demon, I have made progress! Look!!” Bo Dan suddenly spoke, he said this as he moved his hands, destroying the mortal Gu that was hidden.


 Shark Demon nodded at him, Bo Dan was a member of Zombie Alliance after all, compared to an outsider like Xing Xiang Zi, Shark Demon was more willing to see Bo Dan’s improvement.


 Su Bai Man smiled lightly: “With both of their help, it won’t be long before we break the battlefield killer move.”


 But at this time, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, his expression turned very ugly: “Oh no!”


 “What is it?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked cooperatively.


 Fang Yuan said: “This mortal Gu cannot be destroyed, it is like a trap, after destroying it, the battlefield’s offensive power will rise!!”


 Fang Yuan thumped his chest and stomped his feet, he showed a look of anger and regret, as if he was very upset at the moment.



***
Chapter 891 - Distorting The Truth


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What?” All the immortal zombies heard Fang Yuan’s words and were shocked.


 “You, you, you, bullshit!” Bo Dan felt a strong sense of humiliation as he burst into anger.


 Shark Demon squinted, he looked at Bo Dan and Fang Yuan, his expression turned dark: “What is going on?”


 Bo Dan was gritting his teeth from anger, he said: “Lord Shark Demon, I am willing to use my years of reputation as a guarantee, there are no issues with my action just now.”


 “This Xing Xiang Zi might look like a gentleman!” Bo Dan pointed at Fang Yuan: “But he is a small-minded scoundrel that is jealous of other people’s capabilities. He must have seen my superior performance and decided to slander me. Lord Shark Demon and everyone else, please see the truth.”


 “I am most clear about brother Xing Xiang’s abilities! In my opinion, you are the scoundrel!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely angry, he retorted immediately.


 “All of you, shut up!” Seeing that the situation was going out of control, Shark Demon shouted, he turned to Fang Yuan: “Xing Xiang Zi, what do you have to say?”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “I have nothing to say.”


 Seeing this attitude, Su Bai Man’s eyebrows raised.


 But Fang Yuan continued: “I have a question however, for Sir Bo Dan.”


 Fang Yuan was not angry, he had a gentlemanly demeanor, when compared to Bo Dan’s hysteric and frenzied state, there was a clear contrast.


 Bo Dan saw Fang Yuan’s demeanor and felt even more jealousy and hatred, he snorted: “What question do you have?”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he stared at Bo Dan as he tried to incite him: “If I ask you, would you dare to answer the truth?”


 Bo Dan gritted his teeth, he knew that this was Fang Yuan’s trap, but he could no longer back down now, he forced the words out of his throat: “Go ahead and ask!”


 Fang Yuan sighed, he showed a look of ‘I do not want to have conflict with people, yet people come and find trouble with me’, he said: “I will ask you, how many hidden Gu worms are there now in this freezing rain frozen earth battlefield killer move?”


 Shark Demon and the others looked tightly at Bo Dan.


 Bo Dan’s heart jumped, he opened his mouth and wanted to speak, but he only managed to stretch out his tongue and lick his lips.


 Fang Yuan’s question was like a dagger stabbing directly into Bo Dan’s heart!


 Bo Dan had only found one spot where there were hidden Gu worms, after deducing, he found that there were no issues and acted to destroy the Gu worm.


 Now that this Gu worm was removed, there would definitely be new flaws that were not there before forming.


 But if Bo Dan wanted to deduce the location of more hidden Gu worms, he would need time.


 Bo Dan had thought of lying, but at the next moment, he denied this stupid idea.


 Because this was very easy to verify.


 If he said that an area had hidden Gu worms, he could be told to simply attack it to show everyone.


 Actions speak louder than words.


 Bo Dan was speechless, he clenched his fists subconsciously.


 But soon, he understood that he could not lie, he loudly responded: “If you want to seek help from me, I will satisfy you. Give me some time, I will advise you after I finish deducing.”


 Gu Immortals all had their own shrewdness, after hearing these words, they remained emotionless in appearance, but they were shaking their heads internally.


 Bo Dan’s pathetic state was imprinted in everyone’s minds.


 These Gu Immortals were not idiots of course, they understood that Bo Dan spoke without enough confidence. Xing Xiang Zi had exposed Bo Dan simply through a question.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Bo Dan with some pity, he sighed internally: “With just your ability, you want to compete with Fang Yuan?


 Fang Yuan knew that Bo Dan would reply like this, he laughed heartily: “Sir Bo Dan must have deduced only one flaw. But this hidden Gu worm is only a trap. If you continue your deduction and have more patience, you will find more flaws and hidden Gu worms. That way, you might begin to understand how rash your actions were.”


 “Oh?” Bo Dan’s lips twitched, he had thought of a reply, he tried to trouble Fang Yuan: “Then tell everyone how inappropriate my actions were? How did I cause more trouble? What kind of trap was this flaw? Haha, you should answer properly, Lady Su Bai Man has a lie detection method.”


 This flaw was naturally not a trap.


 Fang Yuan could not answer him.


 But Fang Yuan had prepared his response as well, he laughed: “My wisdom path inheritance is unique, how can I leak it here? Bo Dan, you made a good scheme, you want to stealthily learn my wisdom path techniques?”


 “Utter bullshit!” Bo Dan flew into rage.


 Bo Dan spoke rudely, but Fang Yuan was not unhappy, he looked at Shark Demon.


 Shark Demon was frowning deeply, he was an observer, watching Fang Yuan and Bo Dan argue their way out.


 Fang Yuan understood that Shark Demon was still biased towards Bo Dan from this one glance.


 This was nothing strange.


 Shark Demon and Bo Dan were members of Zombie Alliance. They had worked together many times and had spent much time together.


 As the saying goes, an acquaintance may not sow discord among friends. This was only the first time Fang Yuan had met Shark Demon, he was a stranger. Bo Dan and Shark Demon had a much closer relationship.


 Fang Yuan laughed, his expression changed as he looked at Bo Dan with contempt, he said disdainfully: “Foolish clown, I will give you a lesson today. Watch closely!”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan’s fingers moved like swords, drawing lines in the air.


 Starlight flew out of his fingertips, they stopped in the air, being either close or far away from him.


 “Here, here, here, and all these other places, they have hidden mortal Gu. If you do not believe me, you can try to attack them yourselves. For example, this point needs a fire path attack to destroy the Gu worm. That point needs an ice path technique to be exposed, before using lightning to destroy the Gu worm. And for this point, if you want to destroy the mortal Gu, you have to wait until the next wave to destroy it.”


 Fang Yuan spoke quickly as the starlight specks floated in the air, there were eight or nine of them.


 The Gu Immortals were all astute, Fang Yuan told them the locations of the hidden Gu worms and the methods to destroy them in detail. He was obviously not afraid of them giving it a try.


 Such intense confidence made them believe him without any doubts.


 Bo Dan stared with wide opened eyes, he did not know how to rebuke him. He got agitated, he wanted to take action: “I want to see if your words are true.”


 “Wait!” Fang Yuan held out his hand, stopping Bo Dan.


 Bo Dan could not longer back out of this, he showed intense surprise and joy upon hearing that, he showed a cold smile: “Why, Xing Xiang Zi, are you afraid?”


 Fang Yuan sighed, giving Bo Dan a glance, he was like an adult looking at a mischievous child, Bo Dan almost jumped in anger.


 Fang Yuan spoke: “There are hidden Gu worms here indeed, I am not afraid of anyone probing it. But these areas cannot be damaged. Just like what you did earlier, these are traps that are interconnected, if they are destroyed, it would affect the entire battlefield killer move, not only would my wisdom path deductions become completely obsolete, I would even have to restart from scratch. All these areas that I pointed out have troublesome connections, I am unable to deduce which points are safe and which are not.”


 After saying that, Fang Yuan turned to the immortal zombie Shark Demon, bowing: “Lord Shark Demon, I am truly sorry, this is because I am not good enough.”


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s humble attitude, it was like a subtle mockery. Bo Dan’s eyelids were twitching, he wanted to jump and pull out all of Fang Yuan’s white beard, tear his blue robe apart, step on him and grind Fang Yuan’s clean, pinkish face into the dirty soil.


 But he could not do that, because Shark Demon was returning the bow to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had just spoken and bowed to Shark Demon.


 From Shark Demon’s perspective, he was the leader of them, he had to have manners.


 Furthermore, Xing Xiang Zi was Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s good friend, he had introduced the former. Now that Xing Xiang Zi was bowing to Shark Demon, how could Shark Demon not bow back?


 Zombie Alliance was in the righteous path, even though the members came from everywhere and a large portion were from the demonic path, once they entered Zombie Alliance, they would have to act like proper members of the righteous path and follow the rules.


 Also, after hearing their conversation, Shark Demon had a grasp of the situation.


 In his opinion, Xing Xiang Zi’s wisdom path attainment was higher than Bo Dan. Such a talent was needed in his future attempts to take down Yu Lu blessed land, he had to bow in return as courtesy.


 After that, Shark Demon spoke in a very polite tone: “I am deeply enlightened by Brother Xing Xiang’s words, I wonder how we should proceed from here?”


 Shark Demon was at rank seven, even though he was an immortal zombie, he was a famous expert in Eastern Sea. He took the initiative to call Xing Xiang Zi ‘brother’, in everyone’s opinion, Shark Demon’s attitude was truly very gentle.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “It is all because of my low ability, earlier I had a hint of inspiration and did not want to destroy that Gu worm as it would cause my hard work to go to waste. I was anxious and spoke without consideration. Sigh, the saying goes, a strong dragon cannot suppress a local snake, I am just a weak snake, while everyone here are expert dragons.”


 Bo Dan was so angry he was breathing roughly, his eyes were bloodshot.


 Fang Yuan’s words were humble, all of his words were ‘in consideration’ of Bo Dan’s face, but he actually slapped Bo Dan loudly countless times.


 This time however, Bo Dan did not retort.


 He was extremely angry, but he was also feeling uncertain.


 His wisdom path inheritance was very incomplete, it was far inferior to Fang Yuan’s. Since Fang Yuan could expose so many flaws here, Bo Dan also knew that he could not match Fang Yuan, he just refused to admit the truth.


 “Don’t tell me, did I really make a mistake? This mortal Gu was really a trap just like what that damned Xing Xiang Zi said?”


 Poor Bo Dan, he was framed by Fang Yuan, but even he himself had fallen into self doubt.


 Fang Yuan’s peripheral vision was on Bo Dan, he observed all his expressions and reactions.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly and humbly on the outside, but he was laughing coldly internally.


 He had wanted to retreat long ago.


 The next wave of attacks would be extremely powerful. If they are careless, some of these Gu Immortals might die. Even if they could endure it, their immortal essence expenditure would definitely be severe.


 Such severe loss would make the Gu Immortals feel severe distress, but Fang Yuan had no way of dismantling this battlefield killer move.


 By then, the Gu Immortals would have wasted so many resources, yet Fang Yuan, who was their hope, would make no progress, it was easy to imagine how unhappy they would be with him.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s humbleness was not just to mock Bo Dan on purpose, he was trying to plant a seed in these immortals’ minds.


 “We have to retreat for sure, but the way we retreat is the question.” Fang Yuan, after thinking up to this moment, glanced at Bo Dan, before speaking to Shark Demon: “There is little time until the next wave of attacks, with this change, my earlier efforts have gone to waste. I can only restart and try again, but I will not lie, there is little hope of success, I need even more time than before. Most importantly, this wave of attacks will be extremely powerful, in my opinion, we should retreat now.”


 The immortals were not willing to give up now, they had already reached this step.


 Shark Demon said: “I hope brother Xing Xiang will give it a try.”


 Thus, Fang Yuan pretended to sit in the air as he shut his eyes.


 Soon, the fifth wave of attacks came, the ice needle storm rained down as dozens of snow monsters charged towards the Gu Immortals.


 “The wave is much stronger as expected!”


 “Let’s go! This is just the start, and it is already so tough.”


 “Bo Dan, I don’t know what to say to you.”


 Bo Dan’s expression was dark, he gritted his teeth, his gaze was cold. He could feel the Gu Immortals looking at him, it hurt him more than the ice rain. The Gu Immortals’ words were like whips lashing on his soul.


 “Xing Xiang Zi! Xing Xiang Zi!!” He shouted internally, chanting this name, it was a pity that this was merely a fake name.


 After enduring for a while, Shark Demon saw that Fang Yuan was not making progress, his evaluation of the gains and losses this time had completely turned over, he could only squeeze out the word: “Retreat!”



***
Chapter 892 - Alcohol and Food, Fishing for Sharks


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The banquet’s atmosphere was very cohesive.


 Even though this attack on Yu Lu blessed land caused everyone to end up suffering losses, after they left, Shark Demon still kindly invited Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan to his home as guests.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s man as before Immortal Gu was something Shark Demon needed. Fang Yuan, who was under the identity of Xing Xiang Zi, had deep wisdom path attainment, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man saw his value, especially in their attempt to take down Yu Lu blessed land.


 Thus, Shark Demon invited Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it was not a surprise.


 Shark Demon stayed in a place called Shark Sea.


 This was a huge sea area, being over three million square kilometers, this Shark Sea was of similar size to the South China Sea on Earth.


 That was to say, it was as if the entire South China Sea belonged to Shark Demon alone.


 Everything inside the sea area, countless types of sharks, seaweed and aquatic plants, the rocks on the seabed, the huge amount of sea water, all of them were Shark Demon’s possession.


 Like in Northern Plains, where fertile grasslands were split up between people, in Eastern Sea, sea areas that were rich with resources were also distributed among people.


 Even though Shark Demon was an immortal zombie, he had immense strength, he had the ability to control this sea area.


 His palace was at the bottom of the sea, at the center of this Shark Sea area.


 During the banquet, there were all sorts of food from Eastern Sea, they were delicious and filled with the local flavors.


 No matter what the intentions of both sides were, on the surface, this was a very effective banquet, there was a harmonious atmosphere.


 Shark Demon enjoyed his delicious wine, even though he was an immortal zombie, with the help of Gu worms, he could temporarily regain his sense of taste.


 Soon after, he put down his wine cup, at his will, the top of his majestic and beautiful palace turned transparent.


 “Everyone, take a look, these are divine spear sharks, these are shattering teeth golden sharks, and over there are silver scale great treasure sharks... these are all pets that I had nurtured with much effort.” Shark Demon pointed, not concealing his proud feelings at all.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and looked, only to see that the seawater was dark and dim, the palace lights could only shine for ten meters of distance ahead.


 The underwater palace was shining in bright lights, if seen from the outside, it was like a huge oddly shaped jewel that was emitting a warm light.


 Fang Yuan had his investigative killer moves, the dark seawater could not obstruct him.


 He soon saw the sharks that Shark Demon was referring to.


 The divine spear sharks moved around alone, they had a peculiar appearance, the tip of their heads were sharp, they were in the shape of long spears. Their bodies were not covered in smooth shark skin, but had a bony texture.


 The divine spear sharks swam around in the sea, charging around with no fear. The spear on their heads was very sharp, while not inhibiting their advancement. Everywhere they went, underwater rocks were smashed as pathways was created by them.


 As for the shattering teeth golden sharks, they were the most numerous, two to three hundred formed into one group.


 These sharks had very small and sharp teeth, when the shattering teeth golden sharks opened their mouths, Fang Yuan could see that in their mouths, both upper and lower jaws, they had six rows of sharp teeth.


 Even though these golden sharks were carnivores, they did not prey on large fish, instead they were like whales, they only ate small fish and prawns. The six rows of teeth formed six tight defenses, separating the sand from fish and prawns. No matter how small the fish were, they could not escape from the golden sharks.


 Silver scale great treasure sharks were the largest, they would be around the sizes of small whales from Earth.


 This type of treasure shark lived in a family of three or four. Usually, they would move about casually, when food appeared, they would move quickly and hunt.


 Even though the silver scale great treasure shark had a huge body, its body did not match the incredible speed it could display.


 Once it moved, its speed was extremely fast, it would be like a flash of silver lightning in the depths of the sea!


 Silver scale great treasure sharks had the most rogue nature, instead of hunting other fish, they ate other sharks as food.


 Of course, if it were the stronger sharks like the divine spear sharks or shattering teeth golden sharks, the treasure sharks would not go after them if they had sufficient food.


 “How is it, the fish that I am raising, are they alright?” Shark Demon looked at how Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were dazed, he felt incredibly pleased.


 “More than alright. These sharks are all lively and energetic, they were raised well. This sea area has all sorts of creatures living in a well balanced habitat, these sharks all have a lot of Gu worms in them, I even saw one or two desolate beast sharks earlier.” Fang Yuan said.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng also sighed, he nodded: “No wonder Eastern Sea is the region with the most abundant resources, this sea area already showcases a lot to me.”


 Shark Demon raised his head slightly as he laughed.


 Su Bai Man was beside him, she smiled: “Please do not praise him so much. My husband’s hobby is to raise these sharks in his free time, he particularly enjoys hearing the praise of others towards these sharks.”


 During the banquet, be it Shark Demon or Su Bai Man, they were much more amicable than in Yu Lu blessed land.


 These two could differentiate work from social life, during public occasions, they had to control the situation, thus they were stern and serious, without any hint of carelessness. Privately, they were hospitable and warm, by making jokes at times, they could make other people feel much closer to them.


 This couple not only had great battle strength, they also had a lot of experience in human interaction. It was no wonder they could obtain such an important mission like attacking Yu Lu blessed land from Zombie Alliance after much competition.


 Even though Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had invested a lot into Yu Lu blessed land, having made a huge loss already, losing a lot of their wealth, if Yu Lu blessed land were to be successfully taken down, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man would receive ten times or even dozens of times as much profits!


 Most immortal zombies would not undertake such important missions.


 Only Su Bai Man and Shark Demon, these veteran experts, had the foundation to support an immense expenditure in the early stages.


 Hearing the praise from Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Shark Demon smiled: “You flatter me, hahaha. Actually, this sea area is only ranked forty-sixth among the list of Eastern Sea’s sea areas. Above my sea area, there is the elegant splendorous sea area, the flourishing bumpy sea area, and a Song clan Gu Immortal’s, Song Yi Shi’s poetic emotion sea area.”


 “Both of you have not been in Eastern Sea for long, you might not have seen the ten great sea areas in Eastern Sea. These ten sea areas are all incredible. Rainbow Island’s rainbow sea area, the seawater is beautiful and in all colors, and yet the colors do not smudge. Boundless forest sea area has trees that are thousands of meters tall growing under the sea, the tree crowns can penetrate the water surface, and the huge number of trees form a huge underwater forest. For the mermen sea area, female mermen 1 are extremely amorous, there are countless mermen living there, they have incredible strength, being one of Eastern Sea’s top ten super forces.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard all these as his expression froze, he sighed again: “The world is vast, nature is also vast, Eastern Sea has so many precious resources, and countless talents, we can truly feel how insignificant each of us are.”


 “Mermen...” Fang Yuan’s heart moved, he thought of a certain memory in his previous life.


 After eating the food, the banquet was reaching its end, Shark Demon said: “Since this is the first time that both of you are here, I have prepared some small gifts, please do accept them.”


 This was an obvious way to improve their relationship.


 Fang Yuan did not reject him, he wanted to get closer to Shark Demon anyway, he showed a look of joy as he cupped his fists: “Then I will thank Lord Shark Demon in advance.”


 Shark Demon laughed heartily, he clapped: “Good, I like the forthright nature of Northern Plains Gu Immortals. But for the gifts I prepared, you will have to collect them yourselves.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at each other with a sense of confusion.


 Su Bai Man explained while concealing her smile: “Both of you might not know, my husband does not invite guests here very often. But when he does, he would gift them some sharks. The guest would need to catch the sharks themselves, as for how many and what type of sharks they get, that would be decided by the guest’s ability.”


 “So that’s it.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan realized.


 “Please start moving. You only have seven minutes, during this period, you need to stay inside the palace, it will be against the rules if you go out.” Shark Demon said.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very interested, these sharks were in top-notch condition, they were very valuable. Even if he could not use them, he could sell them for a huge sum of immortal essence stones.


 Moreover, there were sharks that suited him here.


 Fang Yuan’s was moved, he thought of something: “Isn’t this the famous shark fishing banquet from my previous life?”


 In his previous life, by the time Fang Yuan came to Eastern Sea, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had already died, the cause was unknown.


 This shark sea became someone else’s possession.


 The Gu Immortal who occupied this place, Zhu Xing Bo, was very hospitable and had a wide network of friendships. While holding a banquet, he also played this game, allowing his guests to fish for sharks in the palace.


 It turned out that the origin of this was Shark Demon, Gu Immortal Zhu Xing Bo was only imitating him.


 The fishing had started, they had limited time, Fang Yuan resisted his urge to enter the sea to take a look.


 There were many groups of sharks swimming around freely near the underwater palace.


 “Among these sharks, the ones with the highest value are those that Shark Demon pointed out earlier: Divine spear shark, shattering teeth golden shark, and silver scale great treasure shark. But these sharks do not suit me.”


 Fang Yuan thought in his mind.


 The ones which suited him were blood fiend sharks and star mark sharks. The former was suitable for Hu Immortal blessed land after the blood calamity, the latter suited Star Form blessed land, they could be raised in the most central lake.


 However, the quantity of these two types of sharks was far less than the divine spear shark, shattering teeth golden shark, and silver scale great treasure shark.


 It was because the ferocity of the blood fiend shark and star mark shark was inferior to the divine spear shark, shattering teeth golden shark, and silver scale great treasure shark.


 This underwater palace was Shark Demon’s place of residence. During normal times, when Shark Demon had the time, he would toss fresh food and cause the sharks to fight for them. As time passed, this place became the sanctuary of the sharks, the strongest shark groups would stay here.


 It was difficult for Fang Yuan to obtain blood fiend sharks and star mark sharks.


 He was inside the underwater palace, he could not travel around and capture sharks in the water.


 This was only a game, Shark Demon was not generous enough to let others capture sharks in his sea area casually.


 Fang Yuan felt some regret, but he had to give up on the blood fiend sharks and star mark sharks.


 As for the divine spear sharks, shattering teeth golden sharks, and silver scale great treasure sharks, he did not want them. After two months of accumulation, he already had five to six hundred immortal essence stones, with such wealth, he did not need such a small amount.


 How many divine spear sharks, shattering teeth golden sharks, and silver scale great treasure sharks could be obtained in seven minutes?


 Fang Yuan was not skilled in capturing beasts, using an immortal killer move to capture beasts was too wasteful, unless he was trying to capture desolate beasts.



***
Chapter 893 - Song Clan’s Song Yi Shi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan quickly thought, and decided to help Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to capture cloud line sharks which had a small and exquisite bodies, not only could they move in the sea, they could also fly and survive for a long time, they were suitable for Tai Bai blessed land.


 However, cloud line sharks were proficient at hiding, were it not for this, they could not have survived near the sea palace between the three shark groups.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shark fishing ran into a problem at the very start.


 His target was cloud line sharks, but divine spear sharks, shattering teeth golden sharks and silver scale great treasure sharks would not just look on from the side.


 Like smoke spreading in the sea, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s methods stirred up these three shark groups.


 As far as they were concerned, this sanctuary was their joint territory, and now an anomaly appeared. Like beasts whose territories were invaded, they naturally had to teach these audacious invaders a lesson.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was specialized in healing and was not proficient in fishing, these three shark groups caused great disturbance to him.


 After Fang Yuan helped, the disturbances were mostly eliminated. Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt his pressure lifting and immediately sent him a grateful look.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly and nodded to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, not saying anything.


 Finally, with Fang Yuan’s cooperation, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was able to capture an ideal quantity of cloud line sharks.


 “I thank both Lord Shark Demon and Lord Su Bai Man.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had profited, thus he stood up and bowed solemnly to the two.


 “You two indeed have a deep relationship.” Shark Demon sighed softly.


 After chatting for a while, this banquet reached the end, both guests and hosts enjoyed it to the fullest. Shark Demon personally accompanied Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng out of the sea area.


 They looked on until the two had shrunk to the size of ants in the horizons. Su Bai Man’s gaze flashed as she suddenly spoke: “Dear, what do you think of this Xing Xiang Zi?”


 Shark Demon’s smile disappeared completely and his gaze turned aloof: “This person seems humble but in fact is arrogant and also has lot of hidden thoughts, he is different from Tai Bai Yun Sheng and is not someone easy to deal with.”


 He paused for a moment before continuing: “Bo Dan is too useless, he was led around by Xing Xiang Zi from start to finish. Bo Dan is a person on our side, but was embarrassed like that by Xing Xiang Zi. Bo Dan’s embarrassment caused me to lose face as well. This Xing Xiang Zi did whatever he wanted since the moment he came, there is ruthlessness behind his gentle appearance, he is no kind person. If I had my previous temperament, I would have already given him a few hard slaps and taught him to be obedient. He would learn that this is Eastern Sea and not Northern Plains!”


 Su Bai Man hurriedly consoled: “Dear, calm your anger, this type of person with skill will naturally have arrogance. As for Bo Dan’s loss of composure this time, it is also justifiable. Think of it, his private sea area has already been occupied for many years by Blazing Heaven Demoness and she still doesn’t have the intention to return it. Bo Dan recently went to beg for it but was instead beaten badly by Blazing Heaven Demoness. Blazing Heaven Demoness is a Northern Plains immortal zombie, thus Bo Dan naturally looks upon Northern Plains Gu Immortals with anger.”


 “Moreover, he lost his private sea area and is without other means of income, he is in extremely strained circumstances. The reward from attacking Yu Lu blessed land is plentiful and it is his best chance to save himself from poverty. However, Xing Xiang Zi arrived with wisdom path methods better than his, it is unavoidable for Bo Dan to be furious for having his source of income stolen. This is a matter of great importance to him, thus it was also unavoidable for him to lose his usual state of mind.”


 As he heard this, Shark Demon’s eyes brightened, and he looked at Su Bai Man with a smiling expression: “Why are you suddenly speaking about Bo Dan so favorably? Ah... it must be that Bo Dan secretly sent a big gift to you, right?”


 Su Bai Man covered her mouth as she laughed: “I cannot hide anything from you. It is not a big gift, just a palm sized medicine ice.”


 Shark Demon, however, was very surprised: “Although the quantity of this medicine ice is small, it is a genuine rank eight immortal material, where did Bo Dan find this? Heh, he is really spending a lot to protect his role.”


 Su Bai Man lightly shook her head: “Bo Dan doesn’t seem to be eye-catching, but to be able to have this success, he isn’t a simple character.”


 Shark Demon said with a profound voice: “It seems Bo Dan really wants to grasp this opportunity. He might not have much experience in this situation, but even if he is incompetent, he also has some use. Xing Xiang Zi has great capability, but he is an outsider. I definitely want to bring Bo Dan, just to keep this Xing Xiang Zi in check and stop him from being solely dominant in the future. If we let him be proud and insolent because of his talent, what will happen in the future? What if when we are attacking the blessed land, we are trapped by him, what will we do then? We don’t understand wisdom path methods, but with Bo Dan, we can make Xing Xiang Zi restrain himself and prevent him from making mischief.”


 Su Bai Man put her mind at ease, gazing dreamily at this man whom she loved deeply: “My husband really is most capable, Bo Dan and Xing Xiang Zi are playing in your hands, and won’t be able to create any trouble.”


 “Hahaha, dear, don’t praise me so much.”


 Fang Yuan followed Tai Bai Yun Sheng to a nameless island.


 This nameless island was the home of Tai Bai Yun Sheng previously.


 It was extremely crude, but because of Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it gradually started becoming slightly famous in the circles of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 In this invasion of Yu Lu blessed land, Shark Demon had to return in defeat after the difficult round.


 To carry out another invasion, they needed time to prepare.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to use this free time to meet the many requests he had received in the past.


 One had to say that Landscape as Before, this time path Immortal Gu, was very much sought after.


 Something unexpected could happen any time, there would always be some issues appearing from time to time in the sea areas the Gu Immortals managed. Landscape as Before had outstanding effects in this aspect and showed instant results.


 “Fang Yuan, how about coming together with me, we can take care of each other on one hand and I can also introduce you to others. With this trip, you can also get familiar with the nearby Gu Immortals.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng suggested.


 This suggestion was very appropriate, but Fang Yuan already had a plan, as he said to Tai Bai Yun Sheng with a wry smile: “Old Bai, it is better if you don’t let others know our relation as much as possible. Because the thing I am about to do might very well implicate you.”


 “Ah? Wasn’t this trip to get a share of Yu Lu blessed land, then join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt something wrong from Fang Yuan’s tone, it seemed like he was going to create trouble.


 With regards to Fang Yuan’s ability to create trouble, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a deep impression of it.


 The set up in Imperial Court blessed land and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was destroyed because of Fang Yuan.


 Moreover, this was accomplished when Fang Yuan had still been a mortal. Now, he was an immortal zombie, this ability to create trouble had definitely increased sharply.


 “Fang Yuan, you shouldn’t act recklessly. What are you planning?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng worriedly looked at Fang Yuan.


 “My good senior brother, don’t worry, I am doing this to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.” Fang Yuan consoled.


 “Don’t, don’t call me senior brother, a skilled person is a teacher, I still don’t have enough qualifications to be your senior brother.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng hurriedly shook his hand, worriedly inquiring about the details.


 Fang Yuan revealed a little: “Old Bai, have you thought about how inappropriate it is for me to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng blinked: “Although you are under the identity of a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, Eastern Sea has had cases of Gu Immortals of other regions joining their local forces. Moreover, this Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance is the main headquarters of the Zombie Alliances over all five regions, it is an enormous force. Other Zombie Alliance branches don’t recruit living Gu Immortals, but Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance recruits them. Your identity won’t pose a problem.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “Those like Bo Dan who have joined Zombie Alliance are those who are living a miserable life and can barely scrape by. These type of people are at the bottom layer among Gu Immortals. Their positions in Zombie Alliance are even lower than immortal zombies. But I, Xing Xiang Zi, am different. Not mentioning my Immortal Gu, I have strong wisdom path methods which can deduce the battlefield killer move in Yu Lu blessed land. People like me, no matter how we live, we are not likely to join Zombie Alliance. As long as I reveal just a slight intent to do so, I believe other righteous path forces would welcome me warmly.”


 “Hmm, it is reasonable.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded: “Joining these forces means losing freedom. Especially to foreign Gu Immortals like us, the monitoring and restrictions are much more strict. Otherwise, why would there be so many lone cultivators?”


 “So, for a Gu Immortal like me to join Zombie Alliance, not only should it be my own wish, but it also requires a strong external pressure.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes shined brightly, as he asked: “What pressure?”


 Fang Yuan smiled before lightly asking a question that made Tai Bai Yun Sheng pale: “Which is the closest super force from here?”


 Song clan was a colossus that had occupied Eastern Sea for hundreds of years.


 This clan was an existence that was in the top ten even among the many super forces in Eastern Sea.


 The official, publicly known number of Gu Immortals in the clan was eighteen. Song clan’s first supreme elder, Song Qi Yuan, had already been rank eight for many years, his battle strength was unfathomable.


 Song Qi Yuan’s son, Song Diao Ling, was a rank seven Gu Immortal with outstanding talent, he was cultured and elegant, and had been publicly recognized as the successor for Song clan’s leadership.


 But unfortunately, over ten years ago, Song Diao Ling was schemed against and died, leaving behind a daughter.


 The daughter’s surname was naturally Song and her given name was Yi Shi. She was the only descendant left of Song Qi Yuan’s bloodline.


 Since a young age, Song Yi Shi was pampered by her grandfather Song Qi Yuan. In any world, some people are naturally born with a silver spoon in their mouths.


 In the world where most people were struggling to survive, and most Gu Immortals constantly on their guard, preparing to undergo their next tribulations and calamities, rushing around everywhere to raise their strength and cultivation, Song Yi Shi was just sitting back and enjoying life, all her cultivation resources provided by Song Qi Yuan. She only needed to say the word and her grandfather, Song Qi Yuan, would make sure they were fulfilled.


 When Song Yi Shi underwent immortal ascension, Song Qi Yuan personally protected her.


 After advancing to a rank six Gu Immortal, Song Qi Yuan sent his granddaughter a big gift — a sea area with an area of four million square kilometers. It was slightly larger than the South China Sea on Earth.


 Not only this, this sea area was also extremely rich in resources and was named the poetic emotion sea area. In the rankings of Eastern Sea, it was ranked above Shark Demon’s shark sea.


 Fang Yuan explored and, in combination with his previous life’s memories, made his plan center around this Song Yi Shi.



***
Chapter 894 - Purposely Getting Discovered


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After plotting in secret for half a month, Fang Yuan arrived on a small island.


 Eastern Sea had many small islands, there were millions or even tens of millions of the islands that Fang Yuan had arrived at.


 Most small islands were uninhabited islands, but this small island actually had humans.


 There were three fishing villages on the island, the strongest cultivator was only rank three.


 Fang Yuan hid his figure, under the blazing sun, he strolled into a nearby fishing village like it was a normal thing to do.


 The surrounding people were mostly ordinary mortals. There was occasionally a Gu Master or two on the scene, they were either rank one or two, and were very well respected by the mortals around them.


 Fang Yuan’s current methods were much stronger than the time when he was in Southern Border.


 He moved through the entire village two or three times, but no one could discover him.


 “This should be Li clan village.” Fang Yuan observed it for a while, combined with his previous life’s memories, he verified that this was the place.


 This small fishing village was obviously not Li clan village.


 But in his previous life, there was a mystical and interesting Gu Immortal who emerged from this place, he was called Li Xiao Yao.


 This fishing village was renamed by him, to Li clan village.


 Of course, right now, Li Xiao Yao was yet to be born. According to his previous life’s memories, Li Xiao Yao would be born in around two hundred years.


 After confirming the status of this fishing village, Fang Yuan left and arrived at a cliff beside the sea.


 There were countless nests in the cliff, there were hundreds, thousands of birds resting here, they had a strong territorial awareness. Once a Gu Master, or a large life form comes and makes the birds feel threatened, they would assault the invaders together.


 Thus, few people in the village came to this place. Occasionally, there were Gu Masters who came to harvest some medicinal herbs or steal some bird eggs.


 These birds were very diverse, they were a congregation of over ten different hundred beast groups, they were not the same types of birds.


 On this tiny island, there were human Gu Masters, but they were not at the dominant position in this environment.


 “According to the >, when Li Xiao Yao was still a child, he was often bullied by children who were older than him, he had to hide here out of necessity. Here, he found a hidden cave by accident, he treated this cave as his secret base.”


 This cliff had all sorts of holes and caves, there was a large number of them.


 It was obviously very difficult to locate the cave that Li Xiao Yao found.


 “However, since there are bird groups here, Li Xiao Yao could not have gone deep inside. His cave should be at the outer periphery.”


 Fang Yuan was prepared amply, he searched for a while and chose a hundred targets initially.


 By the time it was noon, and the sun started to descend towards the west, Fang Yuan found his true target.


 This hole was not big, but even with Xing Xiang Zi’s current size, he could not enter. Not to mention Fang Yuan’s original eight arm immortal zombie body.


 Thankfully, he had change form Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan shrunk his body and squeezed inside.


 The cave was moist, by the evening, there was weak lingering sunlight penetrating into it. After moving in the cave for a short while, Fang Yuan came to the deepest part of this cave. The space here was extremely wide.


 The sea winds outside the cliff blew into the small holes of the cave, they created a whistling sound of moving wind.


 Fang Yuan could not help but think of the >, inside, it wrote about Li Xiao Yao’s childhood, when he was often bullied, he would hide inside this cave and sob quietly, as he listened to the whistling sound of the wind.


 This situation continued for a long time, until one day, fate changed for him as Li Xiao Yao’s legendary tale began.


 This change in fate was the small hole in a corner of the cave.


 Once when Li Xiao Yao was hiding here, he leaned on a corner as he rested. Suddenly, the cave collapsed as he fell, directly into a deep part of the cliff, and he got swept away by the currents in the sea.


 This trip, Fang Yuan was trying to replicate Li Xiao Yao’s fortuitous encounter in his previous life.


 This cliff was like an ant’s den, the inside had numerous tunnels and different caves, as if there was a drill that moved in it.


 Six hours later, Fang Yuan found the actual route.


 He broke the hole in the cave as he moved into it.


 When he entered the interior of the cliff, he fell rapidly.


 It was pure darkness and moisture, there were all sorts of small life forms like snakes, the largest animal here was a type of lizard, having the size of a normal cat.


 All these could not obstruct Fang Yuan.


 He quickly got to the bottom of the cliff, as the sound of waves got louder.


 At the bottom of the cliff, there was a huge spiral of seawater.


 This was the unique undercurrent phenomenon of Eastern Sea.


 The seawater in the spiral moved rapidly, there were abundant water vapor and it resembled a giant monster’s mouth.


 Fang Yuan willed and several Gu worms flew out, stopping here and leaving a marking.


 Next, he dived into the spiral with a loud sound.


 Once he was in the spiral, a formless force surrounded his body. Even with Fang Yuan’s incredible strength, he felt a sense of helplessness as he was ‘captured’ by the seawater.


 Fang Yuan did not struggle, instead he allowed this undercurrent to carry him elsewhere.


 This undercurrent was like a formless dragon or python, it created a tunnel of water at the bottom of the sea. The fish groups at the bottom of the sea would swim away from it. Even seaweed and aquatic plants did not grow in their path.


 Because they could not grow, they could not endure the long term dragging force of the undercurrents.


 Fang Yuan followed this undercurrent as he moved quickly, his current speed was incredible fast, even ordinary movement immortal killer moves could not match his speed!


 This was a specialty of the sea’s undercurrents.


 In Eastern Sea, there was a type of precious map.


 The map did not record the islands, nor the surface of the sea, it included the undercurrents in the sea.


 Gushes of undercurrents interweaved under the sea, they formed into a natural route for transportation of goods.


 In Eastern Sea, some super forces had underwater caravans. These caravans made use of Gu worms to go deep into the sea and use the undercurrents to move rapidly, in a short time, they could travel for ten thousand li, or even a hundred thousand li, to engage in trade.


 After about fifteen minutes, Fang Yuan emerged from the other end of this undercurrent.


 The endpoint was just like the starting point, it was also a huge seawater spiral.


 Fang Yuan jumped out of the spiral, what he saw was a sea of red.


 The intense hot air assaulted him.


 This was an underwater volcano.


 Fang Yuan was currently partway up this underwater volcano.


 In the middle of the volcano, there was no seawater entering it.


 At the bottom of the volcano, molten magma gushed out from the deep parts of the sea trench, causing countless lives to perish.


 And at the top of the volcano, there was a natural underwater hot spring.


 Fang Yuan’s objective was the underwater hot spring at the top of the volcano.


 But Fang Yuan made an estimation, it was not time yet, he decided to explore the place to spend the time.


 The lower he went, the hotter it was.


 It was pure red in front of him, a type of fire lizard entered Fang Yuan’s detection range.


 This lizard had shiny smooth scales, it extended its tongue as it ate flying bugs as food.


 This type of flying insect originated from the bottom of the volcano, inside the moving molten magma river.


 In the magma river, there were bubbles bursting at times as small insects flew out from within.


 The fire lizard sprawled on the side of the magma river, seeing that the flying insects had flown out, its tongue shot out at lightning speed as it captured these bugs, it retracted its tongue and swallowed its food.


 Fang Yuan observed such a unique habitat for a long time.


 Nature was really mysterious, it was displayed in front of Fang Yuan right now.


 Fang Yuan observed the fire lizards for a while before paying his attention to the flying insects.


 This type of insect was very unique, it was hatched in the magma river, it could endure extremely high temperatures.


 After a long time, Fang Yuan had a new discovery: The fire lizard did not succeed in getting its food every time, it would fail consecutively at times.


 A portion of the flying insects seemed to have developed some sort of latent talent from the pressure created by the fire lizard.


 These flying insects turned into Gu worms during the process of being captured as food. Their speed increased and they managed to evade the lizard’s tongue.


 This was a form of advancement.


 Like a carp jumping through the dragon’s gate, turning from a fish into a dragon, its life had been elevated in the most fundamental sense.


 After these flying insects became Gu worms, a portion of them took the initiative to land on the lizard and become its accompanying Gu, living together with the lizard.


 But these were all fire path mortal Gu, they did not have much value to Fang Yuan.


 For the current Fang Yuan, the only interesting thing was this underwater volcano. With it, he had a source to produce Gu worms, he could produce large numbers of fire path and water path Gu worms for a long time.


 Mortal Gu only had value to Gu Immortals when they were large enough in quantity.


 And finally, Fang Yuan observed this magma river.


 This magma river had other life forms, they were a type of fish.


 Fang Yuan did not intend to explore further, he did not want to get into trouble by jumping into the magma river either.


 The magma river had a high temperature, if Fang Yuan wanted to enter it, he would need to use a defensive immortal killer move. That meant that he would need to consume precious immortal essence.


 Nature was mighty, many places had such dangerous environments that even Gu Immortals could not enter for long.


 Fang Yuan had been counting the time, when he felt that it was almost time, he traveled up along the volcano, past the point he was at and towards the peak.


 By now, he started becoming careful, concealing his traces on purpose.


 The young and beautiful Song Yi Shi was one of the six great beauties among Eastern Sea Gu Immortals


 Today, Song Yi Shi was in a bad mood.


 She was being harassed again.


 All these male Gu Immortals who came from everywhere were like annoying flies, they were all around Song Yi Shi, chattering non-stop, they could not even be chased away.


 After shrugging off these irritating pursuers, Song Yi Shi came to her personal sea area.


 This sea area was called poetic emotion sea, it produced a type of rank four wisdom path Gu worm, emotion poetry Gu. This Gu worm could store emotions and was extremely precious in the minds of mortal Gu Masters.


 Song Yi Shi came to the bottom of the sea, going into her underwater volcano palace.


 This underwater volcano was inside poetic emotion sea, it was naturally Song Yi Shi’s property.


 Song Yi Shi was at the peak of the volcano, she had built a beautiful small palace there. She loved the hot spring inside the palace, once in a while, she would go there and take a bath.


 She took off her clothes and revealed her peerless body. Her skin was tender and pale, like a freshly peeled egg, her limbs were slender and long, her lips were red and her eyes were sharp, and she had long hair that extended to her waist.


 She entered the hot spring and enjoyed herself after shutting her eyes.


 Soon, her mood became better, she started to hum a song.


 But she did not know that Fang Yuan was lurking close by, observing her every movement.


 “It is almost time.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was eerie as he calculated, he purposely leaked a trace of his aura.


 “Who is there?!” Song Yi Shi’s expression turned pale, she shouted as her eyes stared at Fang Yuan’s hiding spot with much anger.



***
Chapter 895 - Happy About Being Chased Down


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Misunderstanding, this is a misunderstanding!!” Fang Yuan appeared like he was ‘forced to’.


 Seeing an old man like Xing Xiang Zi appearing in front of her suddenly, Song Yi Shi immediately shrieked. Right now, she was relaxing in the hot spring, completely naked, it was naturally her most vulnerable moment.


 If the one that appeared was a female, so be it, but it happened to be a male Gu Immortal.


 There should be prudence between sexes!


 Song Yi Shi fell into panic.


 “I can explain. All this is a big misunderstanding. Please, you must listen to my explanation.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, speaking without stop.


 At this moment, Song Yi Shi’s panic was already surpassed by an intense anger.


 “Perverted thief, die!”


 Song Yi Shi hid her body in the hot spring, and pointed a finger at Fang Yuan.


 Immortal killer move — Stream Veil!


 There was an increase of water vapor in the air, two streams of water that were like long sleeves of dancing women, or like thin veils worn by beauties to cover their face, coiled around Fang Yuan from both sides.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 Song Yi Shi was a water path Gu Immortal, this stream veil was an immortal killer move and it was an exceptional method to capture enemies.


 If Fang Yuan was struck by this move, it would be difficult for him to get free.


 Not daring to let this stream veil near him, Fang Yuan quickly retreated, starlight shone around him and star snakes moved in the air, facing the stream veil.


 Immortal killer move — Star Snake Rope.


 Star snakes entangled the stream veil, but stream veil was like water, drowning the star snakes. In just few breaths of time, the star snakes vanished into nothingness.


 The stream veil moved towards Fang Yuan again.


 “Star snake rope and stream veil are both capturing methods, I didn’t think the gap between them would be so huge.” Fang Yuan’s heart sank. Fortunately, with this small delay, starlight Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture was completely activated, bright light shot out from the Immortal Gu like a rising sun.


 Surrounding the starlight Immortal Gu were countless fire path mortal Gu, like tens of thousands of fireflies.


 Star path immortal killer move — Star Fire Escape!


 Whoosh.


 Fang Yuan’s whole body burned with deep blue flames, and he soared to the sky like lightning.


 “Where are you going?!” Song Yi Shi yelled in a charming voice, as she used the killer move to obstruct Fang Yuan.


 Bam!!


 A huge explosion erupted at top of underwater volcano.


 The seabed shook, torrents rose. The underwater volcano’s top part was destroyed for the most part, the natural protective structure was broken, causing endless amounts of seawater to flow inside.


 Song Yi Shi was very busy for a while dealing with the flying rocks and the flowing seawater.


 She put up a defensive barrier, and quickly wore her clothes, her mind slightly calmed down.


 Then without caring about the destruction of the volcano by the seawater, she started flying towards the direction Fang Yuan left in.


 “You cannot escape!” Song Yi Shi shouted with clenched teeth.


 Fang Yuan’s speed, with star fire escape’s help, was extremely fast, but because the water was extremely deep, it took a good while to fly out of the sea surface.


 In his previous life, the > recorded that Li Xiao Yao fell to the bottom of the cliff and entered the undercurrent which took him to the underwater volcano. The bottom of the volcano was too hot, Li Xiao Yao tried to get away from it by moving to the peak of the volcano where he unexpectedly saw Song Yi Shi who was bathing. Song Yi Shi immediately captured him, but after interrogating him, she was instead very pleased.


 She had not known there was an extremely hidden undercurrent in the underwater volcano. At this moment, the sea was besieged by strong enemies, Li Xiao Yao’s appearance instead gave Song Yi Shi a hope to escape.


 Song Yi Shi used this undercurrent to be free from the predicament. While Li Xiao Yao’s life had a great turn from here on, Song Yi Shi took him under her wing and guided him on Gu Master cultivation.


 The treatment Fang Yuan received was completely different from Li Xiao Yao’s.


 “Li Xiao Yao was a handsome young boy. Although I am an immortal and also have taken a good appearance, it is one where I am already in my seventies and eighties. Song Yi Shi is young and Song clan is also a colossal force, it would be strange if she did not get angry and chase me down.”


 Fang Yuan sighed while secretly observing behind him.


 When he found Song Yi Shi was chasing him, he gave a light smile, before charging out of the sea surface.


 Gu Immortal Yao Ge Pi was one of Song Yi Shi’s pursuers, and right now, he was lurking around the poetic emotion sea area.


 He looked young, was handsome and charming, and had rank six cultivation. He was a lone cultivator of Eastern Sea.


 “Fairy Yi Shi will go bathe in the hot spring of the underwater volcano every once in a while. None of them know this secret, only I am aware of it at present. I will take this chance to have more contact with Fairy Yi Shi. If I can marry her, would I still have to fear not having enough cultivation resources? Hmm? What is going on?!”


 Yao Ge Pi gazed at the source of the sound and saw Fang Yuan flying out of the sea with a miserable appearance; a giant wave rose up in the calm sea.


 “Looking at his appearance, he seems to be a thief. Do I chase him?” Yao Ge Pi hesitated.


 Right at this time, Song Yi Shi also flew out of the sea surface and looked at Fang Yuan’s receding figure in the air, shouting in anger: “Perverted thief, don’t run, die!!”


 “What, perverted thief?!” Yao Ge Pi felt like he had been struck by a lightning, his eyes protruded out till they almost fell off!


 “Pervert, perverted thief?”


 “What happened to Fairy Yi Shi? That old bastard is actually a daring lecher!! Damn it, kill him!”


 Yao Ge Pi roared inwardly, killing intent filling his heart.


 “Fairy Yi Shi, don’t worry, I, Yao Ge Pi, am here!” The next moment, Yao Ge Pi shouted loudly, stepping forward.


 Song Yi Shi was dazed, her original provoked and aggressive air also stilled.


 She had just attacked with anger and had not thought much when she shouted furiously, but with Yao Ge Pi’s appearance, she could not help but feel panic.


 Oh heavens, have mercy!


 She was still a young lady, and this was the first time she had experienced a situation like this.


 Regarding this matter, she naturally wanted to cover it tightly, it was best if she resolved everything herself, kill Fang Yuan and no one else would know of this matter.


 If this matter were to be spread, how would she face others in future?


 However, another Gu Immortal appeared now.


 She recognized this person, he was one those hateful pursuers, his surname seemed to be Yao?


 Song Yi Shi was not too sure.


 Yao Ge Pi was even more distressed and anguished the moment he saw Song Yi Shi’s panicked expression. He then observed Song Yi Shi’s flushed face, red like she had just gone through intercourse, the killing intent inside him increased by dozens of times in an instant!


 Actually, nothing had happened, but the imagination of humans was endless, moreover, Yao Ge Pi was a man and a crazed pursuer, he easily interpreted the expression in an entirely dark manner.


 Right now, Yao Ge Pi was thinking: This old pervert that is escaping with all his strength has definitely taken huge advantage of her! He might have used some dirty tricks to drug Fairy Yi Shi. He must have approached her, no, he likely kissed her and touched her. Who knows how much Fairy Yi Shi was encroached upon, how much humiliation she suffered!


 With such thoughts, the fury in Yao Ge Pi’s heart burned so high that it seemed to ignite his whole body, he chased furiously while screaming: “You damned old bastard, old lecher, don’t run! You dare to desecrate our Fairy Yi Shi, I am going to skin you alive! I will make you regret everything you did to Fairy Yi Shi!!”


 When Song Yi Shi heard this furious scream, her whole body shook and she almost fell down from the air.


 Don’t scream so loudly, are you trying to let the whole world know? Isn’t it best if we quietly, quickly and secretly kill this damned geezer?


 Unfortunately, the furious Yao Ge Pi could not hear Song Yi Shi’s thoughts.


 And this was the first time Song Yi Shi had encountered such a situation, so she lost her composure, she wanted to transmit her voice to say this to Yao Ge Pi, but she was too young and could not speak up no matter what.


 How embarrassing was it if she said it outright!


 Among these three, the happiest was instead Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had already calculated Song Yi Shi’s reaction. Yao Ge Pi’s appearance, however, was an unexpected surprise.


 ‘Good, that’s good, scream loudly, yes, a bit louder.’ Fang Yuan inwardly cheered Yao Ge Pi.


 The two Gu Immortals chasing absolutely would not be imagining the strange thoughts in Fang Yuan’s mind at this moment.


 Fang Yuan wanted to blow the situation up into a huge matter.


 Song Yi Shi was a Gu Immortal of a super force, Song clan, she was the apple of Song Qi Yuan’s eye, with many pursuers. After this matter blows up, Fang Yuan would have an external pressure to join Zombie Alliance.


 However, this conflict was not from swindling money, murdering someone’s parents, or a life and death battle.


 At most, Fang Yuan had only taken a glance unintentionally.


 Song Yi Shi was a young girl with very few experiences, her thoughts were still conservative, naturally, she would feel wronged and furious at having someone see her body for the first time.


 This was the natural mentality of young people.


 As they got older and more experienced, no matter who they were, they would gain at least some knowledge on sexual life.


 So what if he took a glance? Didn’t some women wish others would just keep on looking at them? From a certain perspective, did this not prove one’s charm?


 Two to three hundred years later, Li Xiao Yao also peeked at but nothing happened to him, instead he was protected and hidden.


 One big reason was that Song Yi Shi’s mentality had already changed.


 Later, Li Xiao Yao would have another fortuitous encounter and become a sword path Gu Immortal, and finally, he and Song Yi Shi would become an immortal couple.


 Wasn’t Song Yi Shi older than Li Xiao Yao by two to three hundred years, she could be said to be a cradle-robber.


 “Of course, there is another reason. Two to three hundred years later, Song Qi Yuan’s lifespan had been used up and he died. The rank eight Gu Immortal’s fall created an enormous change in Eastern Sea’s structure. Song clan began to weaken and the enormous wealth Song Yi Shi had was coveted by others. Not only was there pressure from external sources, there was internal strife in the clan as well. Li Xiao Yao, who was taught by Song Yi Shi and accompanied her throughout his mortal Gu Master stage and shared her sufferings, became the most reassuring individual to Song Yi Shi. Later, Li Xiao Yao inherited Sword Immortal Drunken Green Bull’s inheritance, and developed methods bringing in new advancements, and became a powerful sword path Gu Immortal, this caused Song Yi Shi to fall for him. The two became an immortal couple, moving around without a set destination, secretively and freely. In the five regions chaotic war, they appeared and worked together to resist rank eight Gu Immortals, becoming a great pillar in blocking Central Continent’s offensive.”


 Fang Yuan fled while thinking leisurely about all sorts of things.



***
Chapter 896 - Freely Leaving After Killing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the sky, a battle of pursuit was unfolding.


 Bam bam bam!


 Intense explosions occurred one after another.


 Song Yi Shi and Yao Ge Pi attacked non-stop, but because of the distance, and because Fang Yuan was slippery like an eel, he could not be caught, he was displaying an incredible flying attainment.


 Even though he was ahead, Fang Yuan, who was pretending to be escaping, was actually slowing his speed, allowing the two pursuers to follow him.


 He was a demonic path overlord, in his previous life, even though he did not have particularly great achievements, he had rich life experience, he had undergone many battles, it was something that these two young Gu Immortals behind him could not imagine.


 Especially Song Yi Shi, she was too young and had little battle experience. Even though she was using an immortal killer move to chase him, she could not catch up no matter what.


 Fang Yuan changed directions often, sometimes he went into the water, sometimes he went into the clouds, he was extremely crafty. Song Yi Shi was extremely angry, she felt like she was not chasing him down, but being played with instead.


 As for Yao Ge Pi, he was a lone cultivator, even though he had more experience, he did not have a single Immortal Gu, not to mention any immortal killer moves.


 He, who could only use mortal killer moves, was doomed in this battle of pursuit from the start.


 He was lagging behind, he could only shout loudly, if Fang Yuan was not purposely slowing down for him, he would have been left in the dust already.


 The three traveled quickly through the air, they soon left the poetic emotion sea area.


 “What is going on? There are Gu Immortals fighting?”


 The noise from their travels earned the attentions of two lone cultivator Gu Immortals from a nearby island.


 These two were playing chess, they were quite relaxed.


 Hearing the commotion, they raised their heads as they used investigative methods.


 “It seems to be Song clan’s Fairy Yi Shi, and a young male lone cultivator, they are pursuing someone. This person’s aura is not that of Eastern Sea, they are a Northern Plains Gu Immortal.”


 “Less trouble is better than more trouble, Song Yi Shi is the prized gem of Song Qi Yuan, let’s not interfere in this.”


 “You are right, come, let’s continue playing chess.”


 Fang Yuan looked at this island, he frowned slightly as he turned to another direction, continuing to fly.


 Not long later, at web eye sea area.


 “What? There is such a lecherous and shameless old bastard in this world! Fairy Yi Shi, I, Chen Zhong Yong, will lend you a hand!”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he dodged Chen Zhong Yong’s attack as he continued escaping.


 Thus, there were three people chasing after him now.


 After a certain amount of time, at rumbling thunder sea channel.


 “Fairy Yi Shi is pure as jade, she was actually tainted! He deserves death, he deserves death!!” Bi Qing Tian was anguished, he joined in the chase resolutely.


 Fifteen minutes later, the commotion caused by them attracted a battle maniac Gu Immortal.


 “You are a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, you dare to lay your lecherous hands on our Eastern Sea Goddess? Do you think that we of Eastern Sea can be bullied?” Lei Hong was furious, he spoke without restraint.


 Song Yi Shi was getting more and more furious, seeing that Fang Yuan was still escaping, her mood was getting worse.


 He had only taken a glance at her, why were these people spouting more and more ridiculous nonsense, like she had lost her virginity to him?


 “Stop shouting! Kill him in secret, I will reward you greatly!” Song Yi Shi could not hold it in anymore, she transmitted to them.


 These Gu Immortals were not idiots, after hearing this, they went silent.


 “Why are they not shouting anymore?” Fang Yuan did not want that to happen, he wanted this matter to blow up, the bigger the commotion the better.


 “Since you are shutting up, I will have to do it myself.”


 Thus, Fang Yuan shouted, defending himself: “Everyone, this is a misunderstanding, I will clarify this matter. I had accidentally entered the depths of poetic emotion sea area’s underwater volcano, everyone can investigate this matter, I am speaking the truth.”


 “Old lecher, you are bullshitting!” Immediately, a Gu Immortal screamed back.


 But Fang Yuan ignored him, he yelled: “I am a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, I have just arrived here and wanted to choose an unknown island to reside in. I picked a small island after looking for a long time. Before setting up some arrangements, I wanted to look around the area, I discovered a hidden undercurrent and moved along it, getting into the underwater volcano.”


 “Lies, you’re continuing to lie to us!”


 “You did something so shameless, but you are actually defending yourself, trying to pretend to be a gentleman?! Do you think we are so easy to fool?”


 The Gu Immortals screamed.


 Fang Yuan called out: “Even if I am lying, I would need to make a better excuse, why would I mention the undercurrent? You can go verify this, I will tell you the location of the island. Before I entered the undercurrent, I did not know it would connect to the underwater volcano, either, after I entered the volcano, I found out...”


 “Shut up!” Song Yi Shi shouted, she was worried that Fang Yuan might expose some secretive information, she interrupted him: “If you are innocent, stop running, obediently submit and let us investigate. If you are speaking the truth, I, Song Yi Shi, will not kill an innocent person!”


 Song Yi Shi had learned something quickly and grew a little, she actually understood that she needed to coax him.


 But her tone was too stiff, anyone could tell that she was full of anger and killing intent.


 Song Yi Shi was still too pitiful in her acting skills.


 Fang Yuan continued to escape, he shouted continuously: “Do you think I am a fool? If I surrender, I will die. I am innocent, I did not even touch a single hair of yours, after I reached the volcano...”


 “Shut the hell up!!” Song Yi Shi flew into a rage, her voice was even louder now.


 The other male Gu Immortals had furious expressions on the surface, but they were secretly concentrating and were afraid of missing a single word from Fang Yuan’s mouth!


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was interrupted by Song Yi Shi again, they felt mild regret internally.


 But Fang Yuan quickly continued: “The more you do not want me to say it, the more I will say. How can you be so overbearing, I am just a Northern Plains Gu Immortal trying to make a living in Eastern Sea, is it easy for me?! I did not do anything, I only saw a glimpse of you bathing, it was all a misunderstanding!”


 Song Yi Shi saw darkness in front of her, she was so angered her heart was going to burst into flames.


 She could make the people on her side shut up, but she could not stop Fang Yuan from shouting.


 “Hehehe, something so interested has happened.” At this time, a lovely laugh could be heard, a female Gu Immortal was approaching.


 “It is Seven Seas Snake Woman!” The Gu Immortals that were chasing after Fang Yuan saw this female Gu Immortal and became alert.


 Yao Ge Pi was bemoaning internally, everyone else directed their gazes towards Song Yi Shi.


 Song Yi Shi’s expression was dark, she looked like an ice statue that was emitting immense cold air.


 As it turned out, Seven Seas Snake Woman and Song Yi Shi were both publicly known as among the six great beauties among Eastern Sea Gu Immortals. Seven Seas Snake Woman had rank seven cultivation level, she was a demonic path Gu Immortal who had some conflicts with Song Yi Shi, but because of Song Qi Yuan’s power, she did not dare to attack Song Yi Shi.


 At this moment, she heard such interesting news, she was sure to add in more false details and spread this rumor around!


 Song Yi Shi felt like the sky was collapsing.


 What was she going to do now? Seven Seas Snake Woman was definitely going to ruin her reputation.


 Song Yi Shi felt even more hatred towards Fang Yuan now: “You old lecher, how are you so good at running, even running into Seven Seas Snake Woman?”


 What a joke!


 This route was specially chosen by Fang Yuan after careful investigation.


 The Gu Immortals that they would meet along the way were all found out by Fang Yuan prior to this. Seven Seas Snake Woman was very important in Fang Yuan’s current plan.


 Even though Seven Seas Snake Woman was a demonic path Gu Immortal, she owned seven sea areas, right now, this sea area was at a crucial moment when a large number of red tide fish were reproducing, she had to stay here to guard it.


 Fang Yuan easily obtained this information.


 Seven Seas Snake Woman was a beautiful but dangerous woman, she was very ruthless in her actions. The righteous path would often leak details of such people, so that others could be prepared if they were to meet them.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, Seven Seas Snake Woman suddenly struck, attacking the pursuers of Fang Yuan.


 “Seven Seas Snake Woman, what are you doing?” Lei Hong shouted.


 Song Yi Shi and the others were severely interrupted.


 “Hehehe, this is such an interesting matter, I definitely have to interfere.” Seven Seas Snake Woman had an alluring body, she had a coquettish gaze as she answered.


 Lei Hong said solemnly: “I will block Seven Seas Snake Woman, the rest of you continue chasing him.”


 He had rank seven cultivation level, he was not afraid of Seven Seas Snake Woman, even though his battle strength was lower, he could still stall her for a short time and escape from her.


 Seven Seas Snake Woman did not know who Fang Yuan was, she would not exert too much effort. Seeing that Lei Hong was stepping up, she showed a look of disgust as she stopped on the spot: “You again, meddlesome fool, you really like to interfere in people’s affairs.”


 Thus, the other Gu Immortals detoured around Seven Seas Snake Woman, chasing after Fang Yuan again.


 Time continued to pass, after a very long time, there were a few more people chasing Fang Yuan, even though he was quite injured, he did not fall into their hands, he was still escaping.


 “Damn it!!” Song Yi Shi gritted her teeth, she felt fatigue looking at Fang Yuan’s energetic body.


 Everything had happened too quickly, and too suddenly.


 How did it become like this? Song Yi Shi felt a sense of absurdity within her.


 A moment ago, she was still enjoying a carefree life, bathing inside her hot spring as she relaxed herself. But now, she was chasing an enemy endlessly with no way of catching up.


 And now, almost all the immortals nearby knew about it.


 Song Yi Shi felt tired physically, but even more so mentally.


 “It is about time.” Fang Yuan looked at the pursuers, he smiled faintly. The execution of this plan was much more effective than he had originally planned.


 “Now, it is time to leave.”


 Thinking of this, a ruthless light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 His body shook as he turned into six figures, flying towards six different directions.


 Immortal killer move — Six Illusion Star Bodies!


 The pursuers shouted out in dismay, they were stunned before splitting up to chase him.


 Immortal killer move — Position Star Swap!


 Fang Yuan changed his position, appearing in front of Yao Ge Pi.


 “Don’t think I am afraid of killing!” Fang Yuan called out, using star cloud grindstone.


 He had been escaping all this time, why would Yao Ge Pi think that Fang Yuan would act differently and counterattack?


 Caught off guard, he was sucked into the star cloud grindstone.


 He only had mortal killer moves, how could he defend against the power of Immortal Gu?


 When everyone else came to reinforce him and destroyed the star cloud grindstone, Fang Yuan was already holding onto Yao Ge Pi’s head!


 “Hmph, don’t go overboard!” Fang Yuan’s ruthlessness was shown, he faced the band of immortals.


 The pursuers were only rank six. It was not easy to encounter rank sevens like Lei Hong.


 “Yao Ge Pi when all is said and done is a Gu Immortal, he was actually killed in such a short amount of time!”


 “Northern Plains barbarians are really exemplary in battle strength.”


 The immortals were all stunned, they felt a strong sense of wariness internally.


 Meanwhile, one of the six illusion star bodies had already flown far away, Fang Yuan used position star swap and changed his true body’s position, abruptly and freely leaving!



***
Chapter 897 - Difficult To Own Ge Pi Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Three days later, in the world of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, there was a rumor that spread widely.


 This involved one of the six great beauties of Eastern Sea, Fairy Yi Shi. When she was bathing, she was defiled by an old lecher who shamelessly planned everything.


 Song Yi Shi was Song Qi Yuan’s precious gem, she had quite a reputation and many suitors. This matter involved Song clan’s reputation as well, once information got out, many Gu Immortals’ attentions were attracted.


 Soon, Xing Xiang Zi’s Northern Plains Gu Immortal identity was found out by other Gu Immortals.


 Before Song clan even expressed their attitude, Song Yi Shi’s suitors were already hunting down Fang Yuan on a large scale with furious emotions.


 At a nameless and ownerless sea area with little resources, the sea was deep and dark, there were few fish.


 A wooden door that looked like a blessed land’s entrance appeared, and opened with a creak.


 A figure walked out from within.


 It was Fang Yuan, having Xing Xiang Zi’s appearance.


 Fang Yuan killed Yao Ge Pi on the spot, after that, he carried Yao Ge Pi’s corpse away and escaped.


 There were two uses for bodies of Gu Immortals. One was to place them down and form a blessed land, the other was to put them into one’s own immortal aperture and obtain their dao marks.


 Fang Yuan did not have to think it over, he chose the former.


 His immortal aperture was dead, if corpses were put inside his dead aperture, not only would he not get any dao marks, it would cause massive destruction to the land, his body would burst and explode.


 Such a situation had been experimented with by immortal zombies, but there had never been any cases of success.


 Fang Yuan used his wisdom path methods to contain the immortal aperture and stall for some time, after escaping from the pursuers, he used a stargate to return to Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, before using Fixed Immortal Travel to teleport himself towards the north-eastern extremity of Eastern Sea.


 Finally, he dived into the sea, without anyone’s notice, he placed Yao Ge Pi’s immortal aperture down at the bottom of the sea.


 After the immortal aperture formed into a blessed land, it naturally created disturbances in heaven qi and earth qi.


 Two whale desolate beasts were drawn over, but Fang Yuan chased them away.


 Fang Yuan first turned into another appearance, before entering Yao Ge Pi’s blessed land and meeting with the land spirit.


 Yao Ge Pi was a wood path Gu Immortal, he owned Ge Pi blessed land, his land spirit was quite peculiar, it was in the form of a tree, planted at the center of the blessed land with no movement ability.


 The tree land spirit told Fang Yuan the ownership condition — a hundred thousand immortal essence stones, large amounts of immortal materials, including many rank seven and rank eight materials, it even wanted the fresh blood of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable!


 The condition was too immensely difficult, Fang Yuan, of course, could not satisfy it, he could only leave regrettably.


 “Yao Ge Pi is a lone cultivator, he had the weakest background among the pursuers, and had no backers, that was why I killed him, to act as deterrence against the others. Indeed, I deterred Song Yi Shi’s group and escaped easily.”


 “Yao Ge Pi’s immortal aperture formed into a separate blessed land, but the land spirit’s ownership condition has nothing to do with me, the killer. Instead, it is requesting for lots of cultivation resources, it shows that Yao Ge Pi’s greatest obsession is towards wealth. But his desire is simply too insatiable.”


 Fang Yuan had just left, the blessed land’s doors closed.


 He looked back and saw that the door was completely shut, he frowned slightly.


 “If Yao Ge Pi’s obsession had to do with me, with my blood path methods, I could easily handle it. But its ownership condition is simply harder than ascending to heaven.”


 Not mentioning the hundred thousand immortal essence stones, simply the precious immortal materials were hard to gather. Unless Fang Yuan robbed the ten great ancient sects, or stole that huge amount from Heavenly Court’s treasury, simply based on his current state, it would take a lot of good luck for him to gather them all, two to three hundred years would be the minimum amount of time he needed.


 But most importantly, it was the final condition that the tree land spirit had — Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s fresh blood!


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was a wood path rank nine Gu Venerable, Yao Ge Pi also cultivated wood path, it was not strange that he desired Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s blood.


 But who was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable? Even if his fresh blood was preserved by Heavenly Lotus Sect, that was a true rank nine immortal material!


 This was a precious material that could refine rank nine Immortal Gu, it was definitely heavily guarded, how could Fang Yuan obtain it?


 “This Yao Ge Pi must have gone crazy from poverty, his obsession towards wealth is so intense. In this way, to obtain this blessed land, it seems normal methods will not work, I can only attack forcefully!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with cold light.


 If this land spirit refused to accept a master, he would destroy it and forcefully take over the blessed land!


 Not all blessed lands had land spirits. Some Gu Immortals were killed extremely thoroughly and did not leave behind any obsession, after they died, their blessed land would be without a land spirit.


 Yao Ge Pi’s blessed land had a land spirit, but the conditions were too absurd, Fang Yuan could only find an alternative and attack forcefully. It was like Shark Demon’s group invading Yu Lu blessed land.


 “If I can obtain this blessed land, I would have a base in Eastern Sea. But now is not the time to settle this blessed land, I should go and regroup with Shark Demon first.”


 Fang Yuan scattered some mortal Gu, setting up a Gu formation around him.


 Next, he activated Fixed Immortal Travel, leaving this place and going to Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture.


 Originally, Fixed Immortal Travel’s aura was in the sea, but after Fang Yuan’s Gu formation activated, it dissipated.


 After the work was done, this set of mortal Gu disintegrated on its own.


 Unless a very powerful investigation method was used, no one would be able to find out that there was a blessed land in such an ordinary area.


 Fang Yuan came out of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, the latter had already started moving, he was flying above the vast sea.


 The ‘senior and junior’ brothers conversed along the way, after a few minutes, they arrived at the sky above Yu Lu blessed land.


 Here, there was nobody.


 The two waited for a while, soon, Shark Demon led a band of Gu Immortals from Zombie Alliance and flew over.


 “Brother Xing Xiang, you are quite famous nowadays.” Once he saw Fang Yuan, Shark Demon made a joke.


 The other Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan with curious glances.


 These few days, Fang Yuan had become very famous in the world of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, he had gained quite a reputation.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, he replied: “Very unlucky, I was very unlucky, please don’t laugh at me. I wanted to find an island to rest in, but I found an undercurrent and wanted to explore it, to think I would encounter such a troublesome affair.”


 “This is not a troublesome affair, it is quite appropriate to call this a romantic affair.” Bo Dan laughed loudly, sarcastically saying.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had humiliated him.


 But after that, Bo Dan paid a huge price and gave Su Bai Man an expensive gift, thus he joined the invasion of the blessed land again, and he had a fearless attitude.


 Fang Yuan gave him a glance, smiling, he did not bother responding to such a person.


 He glanced around and saw that other than Shark Demon, Su Bai Man, and Bo Dan, there was only one familiar immortal zombie, Sha Nan Jiang, there were three less people than before.


 But Shark Demon was very confident, it seemed that he had made ample preparations before coming.


 Everyone went deep into the sea, opening the entrance of Yu Lu blessed land, entering the battlefield killer move freezing rain frozen earth again.


 “This time, Xing Xiang Zi, we will mainly be relying on your deductions, Bo Dan will support you.” Shark Demon announced politely.


 Last time, Fang Yuan performed well, Shark Demon and the others thought that Xing Xiang Zi had a deeper wisdom path attainment level.


 “Lord Shark Demon, please rest assured, I will do my best.” Fang Yuan expressed his firm attitude.


 Bo Dan snorted internally, even though he was displeased, he knew his own abilities, he crossed his arms and watched with a dark gaze.


 Facing freezing rain frozen earth again, Fang Yuan’s expression became serious as he deduced.


 The battlefield killer move, freezing rain frozen earth, had completely recovered, the damage caused by Fang Yuan and the others had been fixed already.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised.


 Earlier, when Shark Demon and the others attacked the blessed land, the battlefield killer move could also repair itself.


 It was unknown whether this was due to Yu Lu blessed land’s land spirit, or the arrangements of Fairy Yu Lu.


 Speaking of which, Shark Demon and the others had attacked the blessed land for such a long time, but they had not found the land spirit of Yu Lu blessed land yet. Whether the land spirit existed, this was still a mystery.


 With his prior experience, Fang Yuan’s progress was fast.


 He naturally did not destroy the crucial mortal Gu, thus the battlefield did not become stronger compared to the last time.


 The ice needle storm rained down, as Shark Demon stepped forward and used his Immortal Gu.


 The Immortal Gu’s name was Melt Ice, it was an ice path Immortal Gu and could melt even the firmest ice. This Gu was borrowed by Shark Demon specially to deal with freezing rain frozen earth, he paid a huge amount to a certain member of Zombie Alliance.


 With this melt ice Immortal Gu, they greatly resisted the freezing rain frozen earth’s power, even the desolate beast level snow monsters were obstructed.


 Shark Demon and the others felt less pressure, they even expended far less immortal essence than last time.


 There was a counter to everything, the strong freezing rain frozen earth was greatly weakened after encountering the melt ice Immortal Gu.


 The Gu Master world was like this.


 Everything was in balance, strong and weak was relative. There were no invincible Gu worms, there were only invincible Gu Masters.


 With melt ice Immortal Gu, Shark Demon could move freely as well.


 Fang Yuan also progressed stably.


 Even though he was a wisdom path newbie, he had precious experience from last time, after returning, he had revised his methods and improved a lot, he designed many new methods.


 This time, Fang Yuan came prepared.


 He had to say, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance was simply brilliant, using it, Fang Yuan could forcefully find a solution.


 The start was the hardest, after Fang Yuan found the first flaw, his progress became faster, he deduced more and more hidden Gu worms.


 But during this process, Fang Yuan could feel his lack of experience.


 But he was an experienced schemer, he immediately ordered Bo Dan to help.


 Even though Bo Dan’s wisdom path methods were shallow and few, after Fang Yuan started the deduction, he could also see a portion of the details inside the battlefield killer move, he also had very familiar methods and precise techniques.


 Fang Yuan pretended to deduce but he was secretly observing Bo Dan’s techniques, he learned a lot of things and his wisdom path attainment was rising.


 Eventually, with both of their efforts, freezing rain frozen earth was finally unraveled.


 By now, the freezing rain battlefield has unleashed a total of thirty-three attacks, Shark Demon’s melt ice Immortal Gu was singlehandedly holding them back.


 The huge immortal essence expenditure reduced his joy of passing the difficult round to a great extent.



***
Chapter 898 - Fighting Soul Battlefield


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Freezing rain frozen earth disappeared, the world changed.


 The original icy world turned into a dark environment, it was like evening, there were dark clouds looming and the poor weather seemed to be indicating a thunderstorm.


 Evidently, this was another battlefield killer move.


 “Welcome to fighting soul battlefield.” A faint female voice resounded in the battlefield


 Everyone who was inside the battlefield heard the voice.


 Shark Demon’s expression changed, he said: “Oh no, this is the infamous fighting soul battlefield! This is troublesome.”


 Even before he finished his sentence, a sandstorm started blowing as sand and dust were scattered in the sky, soul beasts appeared one after another, from all directions, encircling the Gu Immortals.


 Su Bai Man quickly reminded: “Xing Xiang Zi, Bo Dan, you have to act quickly! The number of soul beasts here are endless, the longer we take, the stronger they become. This fighting soul battlefield was a battlefield killer move created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable after he used one of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s inheritances as a reference. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s other creations had some mercy in them, they would always leave behind a way to survive. But this battlefield killer move is very different, it contains Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s killing nature, it is the most deadly battlefield killer move among Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s creations!”


 Fang Yuan and Bo Dan did not dare to take their time, they used their respective methods and tried to unravel the killer move.


 Fang Yuan soon discovered: This fighting soul battlefield was very different from freezing rain frozen earth. The latter had no flaws at all when activated, it was very well balanced, giving others a feeling of not knowing where to start. But this fighting soul battlefield exposed several hiding spots of mortal Gu to Fang Yuan from the start easily.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan found more and more hidden spots, they were growing into a huge number, there were thousands or even tens of thousands of them!


 The number of Gu worms that formed this battlefield killer move was much higher than Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Fang Yuan soon found out, there were no traps like the ones that were in the freezing rain frozen earth battlefield killer move. No matter which hidden spot they destroyed, there was no backlash, and Fang Yuan did not need to restart his deductions.


 Thus, very soon, Fang Yuan and Bo Dan started to dismantle these hidden spots rapidly.


 However, this fighting soul battlefield’s offensive power was several times greater than freezing rain frozen earth.


 Freezing rain frozen earth attacked in waves, there was a moment of peace in between each wave of attacks, the Gu Immortals could rest for a while each time.


 But this fighting soul battlefield did not stop for a moment after activation, the number of soul beasts continued to increase, soon, desolate beast level soul beasts were formed.


 A while later, there were more than ten desolate soul beasts, even ancient desolate soul beasts started appearing.


 They did not even last for seven minutes before Shark Demon and the others had to use the incomplete Profound Ice House to escape from the place.


 “There are simply too many Gu worms used to create the battlefield killer move, I am ashamed, my methods are too simple, I could only dismantle them one by one.” Once they got out of the sea, Bo Dan spoke to Shark Demon without concealing any information, he spoke the truth.


 Fang Yuan frowned too: “My methods could only dismantle at most five to six hidden spots each time. I suspect that this fighting soul battlefield’s difficulty lies here. The faster we can dismantle it, or the longer we can last under the attacks of the soul beasts, the more likely it is that we can unravel this killer move. To unravel it in itself is not the problematic part.”


 “In that case, Xing Xiang Zi, according to your deduction, how long do both of you need to dismantle this killer move at your current speed?” Shark Demon asked.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly and shook his head: “I am not sure. I did not manage to see the entire battlefield killer move. There are too many hidden spots, they are numerous like the stars in the sky. And even if I manage to find the tens of thousands of hidden spots, to get rid of them, I will need at least thirty minutes.”


 Sha Nan Jiang was lost for words: “Thirty minutes? We lasted for seven minutes and there were already ancient desolate soul beasts appearing. Thirty minutes... surely, immemorial desolate soul beasts will appear, and there might be more than one!”


 Everyone became quiet.


 Su Bai Man spoke heavily: “In that case, we can only ask more people to help out next time. These Gu Immortals will need to have enough wisdom path attainment to dismantle the hidden spots.”


 Saying so, Su Bai Man and Shark Demon looked at each other, they could see the bitterness in each other’s eyes.


 There were not many Gu Immortals with wisdom path attainment. Asking them to help would incur a huge cost.


 Shark Demon thought for a while, he spoke: “Then we will retreat for now. The next time we are attacking is in thirty days, we will decide on the time at a later date, I will inform you all. Xing Xiang Zi, this is my command token, you can use it to stay in Zombie Alliance’s headquarters and avoid the trouble you are facing for now.”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Thank you for your goodwill, Lord Shark Demon, but I am not willing to waste any time. Merely Song Yi Shi cannot do anything to me. Even though Song clan is a huge force, they cannot control the entirety of Eastern Sea. If I hide and shrink away because of this, I, Xing Xiang Zi, would have cultivated for nothing. Everyone, until next time we meet.”


 Seeing Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng fly far away, Bo Dan stepped forward and stood beside Shark Demon, he slandered: “This Xing Xiang Zi really does not know what is good for him, he actually refused to accept Lord’s goodwill!”


 Shark Demon glanced at him, he snorted, saying unhappily: “If you were any more capable, why would I need to treat him like this?”


 Bo Dan had a bitter expression: “Oh lord, it was not that I did not put in effort, but my inheritance is too incomplete, there is a limit to what I can do.”


 Shark Demon waved his hand impatiently.


 Bo Dan quickly shut up and lowered his head, leaving.


 Su Bai Man got close to Shark Demon, she smiled: “If husband is afraid that Xing Xiang Zi would get into trouble and delay the next invasion, you do not need to worry. Northern Plains Gu Immortals often have higher battle strength than the other four regions, Xing Xiang Zi also has Immortal Gu with him, his battle strength was high enough to kill Yao Ge Pi on the spot, nothing would happen to him.”


 “Even though he offended Song Yi Shi, the precious gem of Song Qi Yuan, it is precisely because Song clan is a righteous path super force, a large organization with many matters to take care of, that they would not create a huge commotion over such a small matter. But Song clan’s reputation was affected, they would definitely want an answer. In a while, Xing Xiang Zi would feel increasing pressure, by then, wouldn’t he come to ask us for help?”


 “Mm, that is indeed the case, your analysis is very accurate.” Shark Demon’s expression became calmer, he gently held Su Bai Man’s hand.


 ...


 Northern Plains, Luo Po valley.


 The battle surrounding Luo Po valley had already been ongoing for over half a month.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s side had the territorial advantage, Feng Jiu Ge’s side was unable to take them down. But Feng Jiu Ge and the others were very determined, they besieged the area without retreating, Qin Bai Sheng’s side could only hide inside Luo Po valley for the time being.


 “Jiang Yu, how are your injuries?” Qin Bai Sheng went to visit Fairy Jiang Yu.


 “In half a day, I will fully recover.” Fairy Jiang Yu sat on the bed, shutting her eyes as she healed herself, she replied while multitasking.


 Joy flashed across Qin Bai Sheng’s face: “That is good. After you recover, we will protect you as you charge out of the encirclement, and go to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance to activate our hidden arrangement.”


 “What? We are going to use our arrangement in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance? Will it not have a huge impact on the entire crucial plan?” Fairy Jiang Yu was shocked, she asked this.


 Qin Bai Sheng said heavily: “It won’t. I have already communicated with Old Man Yan Shi, in Shadow Sect’s Southern Border headquarters. Sigh... Feng Jiu Ge is really quite the character, his self-created heaven and earth song could match my five finger fist heart sword. My personal reputation is nothing important, but the Immortal Gu that is still being nurtured inside Luo Po valley is important to our crucial plan, it cannot be lost. But now that Luo Po valley is being encircled by these people from Central Continent, we are at a disadvantage in terms of numbers, we can only rely on the ancient soul beasts to defend ourselves. We will eventually fall if this keeps up, we need to regain the initiative!”


 These last days, he had fought with Feng Jiu Ge for over dozens of rounds, after exchanging blows countless times, even if they put in all their efforts, they had been unable to determine a winner.


 Qin Bai Sheng was concerned about the big picture, he wanted to find a way to get out of this predicament.


 But at this time, Feng Jiu Ge’s voice came from outside.


 Qin Bai Sheng heard it and sneered internally: “After remaining silent for three days, he’s finally returned to taunt us again?”


 Qin Bai Sheng flew into the air, facing Feng Jiu Ge: “Brother Feng, we have undergone innumerable rounds of battles, we know each other’s abilities quite well now. You are an astute person, can’t you see that in this current situation, as long as I defend this Luo Po valley, you cannot break in by force!”


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled brightly, an intense light of confidence shined in his eyes: “Brother Qin, this time is different. After our countless rounds of battles, I had gained much inspiration. These last three days, I have been in closed cultivation, I used the inspiration to complete an incomplete move that I had created in the past.”


 “Oh?” Qin Bai Sheng’s expression turned serious.


 Feng Jiu Ge raised his head slightly, he said loudly: “This time, I would like to ask Brother Qin to critique my submission song!”


 Green Jade Song.


 Heaven and Earth Song.


 Submission Song.


 When Feng Jiu Ge sang green jade song, his voice was crisp and sharp, like beads of flawless jade. When he sang heaven and earth song, his voice was grand and magnificent, it made others feel their own insignificance.


 But now, Feng Jiu Ge sang submission song, his mouth was closed.


 The entire place was silent.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s expression was both serious and grim, because he ‘heard’ Feng Jiu Ge’s singing voice.


 His singing voice was directly resounding in Qin Bai Sheng’s mind.


 It turns out that this submission song was not heard with one’s ears, but in one’s mind.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s heart sank: “This sound path killer move encompasses wisdom path, enslavement path, sound path, and soul path, these four paths, it affects a person’s mind. From the moment he closed his mouth, there is already a trace of five finger fist heart sword in it. This Feng Jiu Ge actually obtained this inspiration from me. But it is only at this level, it is not enough to affect my fighting spirit. Eh? Oh no!”


 Qin Bai Sheng’s reaction was fast, but submission song’s effect was even faster.


 In Luo Po valley, there were many ancient soul beasts that were guarding the place, under the influence of Feng Jiu Ge’s song, they submitted to him, they betrayed Qin Bai Sheng on the spot, becoming the lackeys of the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 Submission song could temporarily cause desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts to change sides, becoming subordinates of the singer!


 “Damn it!” He Lang Zi cursed.


 They had few people, they needed the ancient soul beasts to bolster their defenses.


 But now, most of the ancient soul beasts changed sides, they started attacking Luo Po valley instead, Shadow Sect’s side was falling into great danger.


 But Qin Bai Sheng was not easy to deal with.


 He quickly thought of this and displayed a battlefield killer move.


 Feng Jiu Ge and the others, including the ancient soul beasts, were dragged into this battlefield.


 There was thick fog in this battlefield, countless souls were flying around.


 Dark blue soul beasts gathered and took form, most of them were ordinary soul beasts, but soon, desolate soul beasts appeared, and seemingly before long, ancient soul beasts would appear as well.


 The soul beasts that were created in this battlefield fought against the ancient soul beasts that were under Feng Jiu Ge’s control.


 “Good countermeasure.” Feng Jiu Ge stopped singing, he praised: “Using this battlefield killer move to increase your control of the soul beasts and eliminate the advantage of submission song. But your soul taker battlefield is too outdated, even though it was created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he made it when he was young. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had once used this killer move to create the even more superior fighting soul battlefield. This soul taker battlefield can only convert the souls of living beings into soul beasts, but fighting soul battlefield can actually produce endless soul beasts.”


 Feng Jiu Ge was inside the battlefield killer move, but he was not worried, he spoke casually as he critiqued the killer move.


 Qin Bai Sheng, however, spoke with a smile: “Future generations enjoy the benefits from the hard work of predecessors. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable could create the superior fighting soul battlefield because he used the foundation created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, it is only to be expected. But he was too kind of a person, he weakened Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s killing intent, even though it seems superior, it lost all hope of going a step further.”


 Saying this, the battlefield changed again.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s expression changed: “So this is not soul taker battlefield, it is a battlefield killer move that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable created in his later years — Hundred Million Slaughterfield!”



***
Chapter 899 - Twin Polar Sea Strait, Song Jia Dan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea, Song clan’s headquarters, Heavy Water blessed land.


 “Grandpa, you have to avenge me!” Song Yi Shi charged into the study room, stomping her feet and throwing a tantrum to the rank eight Gu Immortal Song Qi Yuan.


 Song Qi Yuan and some rank seven Gu Immortal elders were discussing matters of the clan.


 But Song Yi Shi barged in directly like this.


 Song Qi Yuan turned around slowly, he showed no anger on his face as he smiled kindly: “My sweet granddaughter, how do you want grandpa to avenge you?”


 Song Yi Shi did not find it strange that her grandfather knew about this, in fact, if Song Qi Yuan did not know about it, that would be the strange thing.


 Before this young female Gu Immortal came, she had already thought of an answer, she gritted her teeth: “Grandpa, strike directly and capture him alive, I will deal with him after that.”


 At the same time, she thought inwardly: “I will dig out this old lecher’s eyes out first, then I will pull out his tendons and his skin, I will carve out his bones and make his flesh rot, he will be in so much pain, I will make him regret everything that he has done!”


 Song Qi Yuan nodded, he did not hesitation, he agreed: “That is a good method, but...”


 He dragged his words out, Song Qi Yuan changed the course of the conversation as he showed a difficult expression: “Grandpa has something important to do now, I cannot leave, why don’t I get your uncle, Song Xia Qi, to help you?”


 Song Yi Shi’s eyes shined, she forget her own situation, she thought of something as she asked excitedly: “Grandpa, is it regarding Ascending Heaven Plain?”


 Song Qi Yuan did not hide it from her, he admitted: “That’s right! Ascending Heaven Plain’s exact location has already become an open secret among most Eastern Sea Gu Immortals. In Ascending Heaven Plain, there is Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s inheritance. This time, grandpa will lead the clan’s Gu Immortals to compete against Cai clan and Ruo Lai clan, to try to obtain Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s inheritance.”


 Old Eccentric Tian Nan, a refinement path supreme grandmaster from the Remote Antiquity Era, he was on par with Old Immortal Kong Jue and Long Hair Ancestor over the course of history.


 According to historical records, Old Eccentric Tian Nan had a strange personality, he attempted to refine the immemorial nine heavens and ended up dying after failing.


 Even though Song Yi Shi was spoiled since she was young, she understood the bigger picture, she quickly replied: “Go and deal with that, grandpa, make sure you utterly defeat them both! You do not need to worry about my matter, but just uncle Song Xia Qi isn’t enough, I want uncle Song Jia Dan to help me once, to deduce the location of that old lecher.”


 “Haha, my dear granddaughter. Alright, take this token and go to twin polar sea strait, and find your uncle Song Jia Dan.” Saying so, Song Qi Yuan tossed a token to her.


 Song Yi Shi quickly caught it and showed a joyful expression, she turned around and left, not even saying a word of goodbye.


 Twin polar sea strait was covered in a thick layer of fog all year round.


 In the air, Song Yi Shi stopped, seeing the fog in front of her, she felt a little troubled, she turned to the middle aged Gu Immortal beside her: “Uncle Xia Qi, how do we get in?”


 Song Xia Qi’s body was filled with a vigorous aura, he smiled lightly and said: “Didn’t your grandfather give you a token? Little Yi Shi, you just need to take out the token and your uncle Jia Dan will sense it.”


 Song Yi Shi held the token high up in the air.


 A moment later, the fog in front of her started to disperse, a small tunnel appeared, it directly connected to the inside of twin polar sea strait.


 Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi entered the tunnel and stepped into twin polar sea strait, meeting Song Jia Dan.


 Song Jia Dan was a wisdom path Gu Immortal that Song clan had specially nurtured.


 He stayed on the cliff of twin polar sea strait normally, his upper body was already old and weak, his lower body had been petrified, his legs seemed to have fused with twin polar sea strait.


 “Uncle Jia Dan!” Song Yi Shi called out.


 Since birth, she had only met the Gu Immortal Song Jia Dan a handful of times, but that did not affect her admiration towards Song Jia Dan.


 Song Jia Dan had sacrificed his own freedom for the clan. Ever since he became a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he had sat here, using his special wisdom path inheritance to fuse with the world. Because of this, Song Jia Dan’s deductions and schemes were very brilliant. Every time Song clan had important matters, they would ask him to help and deduce their upcoming fortunes.


 Right now in the world of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals, he was publicly recognized as one of the three most capable wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 The saying goes: Jia Dan sits in twin polar, Hua An hides in Nan Gong, there is also Dragon Head Tortoise, living inside adversity sea.


 Song Jia Dan had already opened his eyes, he looked at Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi expressionlessly.


 He wanted to smile, but his face was hard like a statue, his muscles were stiff and could show no expression, even if he opened his mouth, he could only speak very slowly and with much difficulty: “Little Shi, cousin Xia Qi, it has been a long time.”


 “Uncle Jia Dan, I am here to ask you to deduce the location of an enemy. This is his appearance, and the aura that I collected.” Song Yi Shi passed two Gu worms to him.


 “Let me look at the command token first.” Song Jia Dan spoke slowly. Even though he was familiar with Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi, he was to be impartial, to make a deduction, he needed to see Song Qi Yuan’s command token first.


 After checking that the token was authentic, Song Jia Dan opened his mouth, a suction force made both of the Gu worms from Song Yi Shi go into his mouth.


 He shut his eyes and started deducing.


 A long while later, he opened his eyes, perplexion shined in his eyes: “I could not deduce anything.”


 “What?” At once, not only Song Xia Qi who was in anticipation, but even Song Yi Shi, who was very confident, showed immense shock.


 “Uncle, you are one of the three best wisdom path Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea, how can you fail the deduction?” Song Yi Shi asked.


 “Little Shi, don’t be anxious.” Song Xia Qi’s expression turned heavy: “Elder cousin Jia Dan, the other party is only a rank six lone cultivator that came from Northern Plains, with your wisdom path attainment, you could not deduce anything?”


 Song Jia Dan was still expressionless, he spoke slowly: “Is it strange that I could not deduce anything? I am merely rank seven, even though I have some fame, that is all flattery by nosy people. In the end, I am but a tiny worm in this vast world, all I can do is to predict some premonitions of impending storms. Compared to the world, I am insignificant like an ant, compared to the grand heroes in this world, I merely control a tiny domain.”


 Song Xia Qi smiled bitterly: “Cousin, you are still so humble.”


 Song Jia Dan said: “I am not humble, but as I continue to fuse with this world unceasingly, every time I advance in wisdom path, I can see the glorious view ahead more clearly. The more I learn about the secrets of this world, the more I am aware of my own insignificance. Thus, I am not being humble, I am just being truthful, I am aware of my own status.”


 Song Yi Shi was discontent: “Even if uncle Jia Dan cannot deduce it, you are still the smartest person, you can surely give a good suggestion.”


 Song Jia Dan was silent for a while, he said: “There are two possible reasons why I could not deduce it. The first is that the other party is not in Eastern Sea. The second, they have wisdom path techniques that can conceal them from my deductions. Or maybe they could find other wisdom path Gu Immortals to help them evade my deductions.”


 Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi looked at each other.


 These two reasons were very far-fetched.


 The first reason, if this old lecher Xing Xiang Zi was not in Eastern Sea, where could he be? Right now, the earth tide was over, how could he return to Northern Plains?


 The second reason, how could Xing Xiang Zi resist Song Jia Dan’s wisdom path attainment? If he had help, this person would need to be at least at Song Jia Dan’s level? Was it Nan Gong clan’s Gu Immortal Hua An, or Dragon Head Tortoise Immortal in adversity sea who helped him?


 “Uncle Jia Dan, deduce it again. Maybe you just happened to fail!” Song Yi Shi requested as she pouted.


 Song Jia Dan directly rejected this: “No, the clan has an important mission, we have to obtain Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s inheritance. I need to preserve my strength, and prepare my methods, to deduce for this in a few days time.”


 “Uncle Jia Dan, you did not originally put in all your effort!” Song Yi Shi heard this and said unhappily.


 “Alright, you can leave now.” Song Jia Dan shut his eyes slowly.


 Song Yi Shi was ignored, she gritted her teeth and stomped her feet, helplessly turning around and leaving.


 To fight for Ascending Heaven Plain’s control, to fight for Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s inheritance, it was a project that the clan had been planning for a hundred years. Pursuing Xing Xiang Zi was just her own personal business.


 Even though Song Yi Shi was pampered and spoiled, she could see the big picture and cared for the clan’s progress, she was not an ignorant fool.


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land, an underground cave.


 Fang Yuan was bathed in the light of wisdom, he shut his eyes as the star thoughts in his mind shined, he quietly deduced some important things.


 Last time, he used the light of wisdom to deduce the immortal killer moves, star fire escape and projected star thought.


 Thus, Fang Yuan currently controlled six star path immortal killer moves in total.


 Star cloud grindstone, star snake rope, six illusion star bodies, position star swap, star fire escape and projected star thought.


 Among them, star fire escape was a movement killer move, it was used extensively in escaping the chase from Song Yi Shi. As for projected star thought, it was the investigative immortal killer move that Fang Yuan used to expose the immortal zombie Sha Nan Jiang’s traces.


 These two killer moves were originally incomplete. They were concepts that predecessors of Star Lord Wan Xiang had left behind in the star path inheritance, they had encountered difficulties during the deductions and could not progress to complete the killer moves.


 Fang Yuan’s star path attainment was only ordinary, normally under such a situation, these incomplete moves would only be useful as reference to him.


 But since he had the rank nine wisdom Immortal Gu, he could use the light of wisdom and gain unlimited inspiration, he got over the difficulty of a low star path attainment level, he forcefully completed the killer moves.


 “It is a pity, in the short time I had, completing star fire escape and projected star thought was my limit. After all, I have only three star path Immortal Gu now. Of course, most importantly, my star path attainment level is too low. Eh?”


 At this time, a moving perspective cup Gu appeared in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 The information in the Gu came from Lang Ya land spirit.


 “Lang Ya land spirit has finally completed the relocation of Lang Ya blessed land, he can lend that set of Immortal Gu to me now!”


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 This time, he purposely returned to Central Continent from Eastern Sea, it was to wait for Lang Ya land spirit’s news and to relocate Star Form blessed land.


 In Fang Yuan’s plans, Star Form blessed land was very important.


 Once the truth that he was the culprit of the incident in Northern Plains becomes exposed, he would have to escape for his life.


 By then, Hu Immortal blessed land would face disaster. If he was still an immortal zombie and could not produce immortal essence, then Star Form blessed land would be his sole secret base.


 However, Hei Lou Lan knew about Star Form blessed land’s location. If Hei Lou Lan knew, Fairy Li Shan also knew.


 Fang Yuan was a vigilant person, now that he was Star Form blessed land’s owner, he naturally had to relocate Star Form blessed land to a place that only he knew.



***
Chapter 900 - Borrowing Gu from Lang Ya Land Spirit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he immediately used Fixed Immortal Travel to go to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land had already undergone a huge change.


 In the vast sea, three continents were facing each other. In the air, there was a fourth continent made from cloud soil.


 Because there was an intense battle that destroyed much of the blessed land, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had helped and restored most of it to its original state.


 Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not participate in the battle, he helped repair the blessed land after the battle, he earned quite a sum as well.


 Of course, because some Immortal Gu that made up Refinement Cauldron were gone, the space in the blessed land shrank. Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not have the power to restore the missing space and everything that was in them.


 The twelve cloud buildings had been rebuilt by Lang Ya land spirit, split up across the cloud soil continent. In addition, there were many hairy man Gu Masters surrounding the twelve cloud buildings, reconstructing even more buildings.


 “I intend to create twelve cloud cities centered upon the twelve cloud buildings. This cloud soil continent in the sky will become the new living area for elite hairy men.” After Lang Ya land spirit saw Fang Yuan, he explained this.


 Fang Yuan nodded in agreement.


 Because Lang Ya blessed land lost a number of Immortal Gu, the space inside shrunk by a lot. And because there were many hairy men living in the blessed land, they were reaching the limit of the three continents. Thus, in this situation, a new area to allow the hairy men to live and propagate was needed.


 But Lang Ya land spirit’s next words shocked Fang Yuan.


 “Other than this, I have also established Lang Ya Sect! This sect system will use Central Continent as a reference, I will be the sect’s first supreme elder, and the hairy man Gu Immortals will be the other supreme elders. My previous self was too foolish, he used these precious Gu Immortals for Gu refinement. Hmph! To fulfill the dominance of hairy men, bloodshed is necessary.”


 “Next, I will start training these hairy man Gu Immortals, nurturing their battle talents. Once they have sufficient strength to protect themselves, I will send them out of the blessed land, and let them complete all kinds of sect missions.”


 “Also, under my influence, the three continents in the sea will erupt in war! From among them, three kings will be chosen, and they will create three kingdoms on their respective continents. The kingdoms will fight against each other, and each year, my Lang Ya Sect will pick the most elite hairy men from these three kingdoms, and send the elite hairy men to the continent in the clouds, they will become the foundation of Lang Ya Sect. Furthermore, I will choose a rank five peak stage hairy man Gu Master as the sect leader of Lang Ya Sect!”


 The new Lang Ya land spirit was completely different from the previous one, maybe he was affected by the attack of Qin Bai Sheng, but Lang Ya land spirit had decided to undertake a complete reform of Lang Ya blessed land, he used hard-handed methods and had the disposition of a conquering grand emperor.


 Different emperors employ different styles of rulership, because of Lang Ya land spirit’s change, the hairy men that were living in the lower tiers were undergoing turmoil and difficulties from war, their peaceful and serene lifestyles were not to return.


 “Lang Ya land spirit used such a cruel method to choose the most outstanding hairy men. But this method is simply too wasteful.”


 Fang Yuan felt some pity, there were bound to be large numbers of sacrifices during war.


 He felt quite a loss inwardly, he might as well use these hairy men for Gu refinement.


 But Fang Yuan would not say these words openly, he could only mutter in his mind.


 From Lang Ya land spirit’s perspective, hairy men were the most outstanding creatures of all, humans and all other variant humans were underneath them.


 Fang Yuan raised hairy men and used them as slaves for Gu refinement. If Lang Ya land spirit knew this, he would not accept it, he might even fall out with Fang Yuan.


 Thus, even though Fang Yuan lacked knowledge and experience of raising hairy men, in the previous discussions regarding the compensation of defending Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan did not attempt to request this even though he knew that Lang Ya land spirit had extremely precious knowledge of how to nurture hairy men.


 “But at this rate, Lang Ya blessed land would undergo a huge reform, the hairy men would start working hard and their battle strengths will rise drastically. Maybe this happened in my previous life, after such a transformation in Lang Ya blessed land, it managed to endure seven waves of attacks.”


 “But this Lang Ya blessed land has hidden undercurrents deep beneath the surface, even though two hairy man Gu Immortal traitors were exposed, we can’t be sure that there will not be a third or fourth traitor among the rest. The methods of Qin Bai Sheng that can develop traitors to this extent in here are really unimaginable.”


 Fang Yuan thought about this as he told Lang Ya land spirit his intentions.


 Lang Ya land spirit was slightly shocked, he asked again: “Oh? You want to borrow my set of Immortal Gu now and relocate your blessed land? I remember I told you this set of Immortal Gu will not be cheap. Even on the basis that you fought against strong enemies for us, I told you that you will still need to pay two thousand immortal essence stones?”


 Fang Yuan took out two thousand immortal essence stones, handing them to the land spirit: “Look, I’ve prepared them already.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was greatly shocked, he received the immortal essence stones as he inspected Fang Yuan, his gaze slightly changing.


 He knew Fang Yuan’s foundation and was very surprised: “This lad only ascended recently, he already has so many immortal essence stones?”


 “Back then when he made transactions with my previous self, he had to earn immortal essence stones by deducing Immortal Gu recipes, it showed how poor he was. It seems that these immortal essence stones were mostly borrowed. That is bad if he owes people a huge sum, or even worse, favors.”


 Lang Ya land spirit shook his head, he did not approve of Fang Yuan’s actions.


 But he understood why.


 He knew that Fang Yuan’s crime was simply too absurd. Once it was exposed, he would be in a doomed situation, he would be chased to the ends of the world.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to relocate the blessed land.


 But this point was also the main reason why Lang Ya land spirit wanted to gradually take in Fang Yuan and turn him into a lackey.


 It was because Fang Yuan was under such a situation, he was faced with enemies everywhere, when he is left without a choice, he would have to join the hairy men, and become a traitor of the humans.


 But what Lang Ya land spirit did not know was — he was completely wrong!


 These two thousand immortal essence stones were actually Fang Yuan’s own savings.


 Fang Yuan was rich now, very rich!


 He earned one hundred and eighty immortal essence stones from his first transaction of guts Gu with Spirit Affinity House.


 After the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, Fang Yuan displayed formidable Gu refinement talent, He Feng Yang personally invited him to go to Immortal Crane Sect and take a look, this was a change in attitude of Immortal Crane Sect towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan owned Hu Immortal blessed land now, he had room to maneuver between Immortal Crane Sect and Spirit Affinity House.


 As his situation became much easier, and as he considered the dangers of being chased down, Fang Yuan decided to increase the production of guts Gu.


 Once he made this decision, the profits that he earned from guts Gu each month reached a total of three hundred immortal essence stones!


 And don’t forget, after Fang Yuan took over Star Form blessed land, he even obtained Star Lord Wan Xiang’s four sources of revenue. He even went ahead and established the trade of regretful spiders with Western Desert’s Xiao clan.


 With a total of six sources of revenue, he earned over a thousand immortal essence stones each month!


 There were still the dragonfish and eerie fire dragon pythons that had not entered the market yet. If he included these two, Fang Yuan’s initial estimation was that his monthly profit would reach a total of one thousand and five hundred!


 Two months had already passed since Fang Yuan became the owner of Star Form blessed land.


 He naturally had more than two thousand immortal essence stones in his current possession.


 Thinking of back then, when he had just become an immortal, he had to calculate every single stone, looking at prices carefully, he even had to think of how to efficiently use half an immortal essence stone. But now he had over a thousand immortal essence stones of profit a month, he had truly progressed greatly and taken a huge step forward.


 He took a really huge step, but Lang Ya land spirit did not know about it, even though he was already thinking highly of Fang Yuan, he was still very wrong.


 Even though Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie with the lowest cultivation level, his immortal essence stone profits approached the level of rank seven Gu Immortals.


 After paying two thousand immortal essence stones, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit used an information path immortal killer move to form an agreement.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan gave the land spirit two Immortal Gu as collateral before he successfully borrowed a set of Immortal Gu used to relocate blessed lands, there were sixteen of them.


 Fang Yuan moved without resting, he used Fixed Immortal Travel and returned to Star Form blessed land.


 Star Form blessed land had three desolate beast spinefin star dragonfish, Fang Yuan had already seen them before, he did not hesitate, he chose the strongest one.


 He first moved around the spinefin star dragonfish, using methods to inspect the dragonfish’s size, bone structure, flesh, blood, and other aspects.


 After confirming that the spinefin star dragonfish was in a good state, Fang Yuan sat in the air as he shut his eyes while facing the desolate beast.


 The spinefin star dragonfish had been tamed since long ago, it obediently floated in the air without moving. Its fish-like eyes that were large as horse carriages shined with some starlight, showing Fang Yuan’s reflection from within.


 Fang Yuan’s was calm, but he gradually started getting excited in his mind.


 Countless star thoughts moved like fireflies filling the endless sky, dancing around in the small area of his mind.


 These star thoughts split into two portions.


 One portion occupied the right part of his mind, forming a three dimensional image of the spinefin star dragonfish.


 The other portion was at the left side, forming the image of Star Form blessed land.


 After completing this step, Fang Yuan breathed in deeply as he activated his immortal essence, injecting them into the wisdom path Immortal Gu that he had borrowed, and according to the method that the land spirit gave him, he started deducing.


 Two lumps of star thoughts flew rapidly, they collided intensely and created a star cloud storm in his mind.


 In the storm, countless star thoughts flashed continuously, some joined together while others disintegrated.


 One day, two days, three days... in Star Form blessed land, after a total of seven days and six nights, Fang Yuan, who was extremely exhausted, opened his eyes slowly.


 One hundred and sixty thousand star thoughts had been used up in his mind. He even spent sixty-six beads of immortal essence to activate the wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 After paying such a huge price, Fang Yuan obtained two sets of Gu formation charts.


 Among these two Gu formation charts, one was big and one was small.


 The bigger Gu formation chart reflected Star Form blessed land, it had eight formation cores. The smaller Gu formation chart reflected the spinefin star dragonfish, there were four formation cores. Each of the formation cores needed a specific Immortal Gu, in total, both Gu formation charts needed twelve Immortal Gu.



***
Chapter 901 - Transplanting Immortal Aperture, Relocating Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan started to set up the formation.


 In accordance with locations indicated on the Gu formation chart, he found the eight formation cores in Star Form blessed land through Star Form land spirit’s guidance, he placed the corresponding Immortal Gu there one by one.


 Star Form blessed land had few space path dao marks, the land spirit could not teleport. The eight formation cores were very varied in distance, they were either close by or far away, Fang Yuan spent a lot of time due to this, by the time he finished, he had already spent half a day.


 After this step, Fang Yuan, who was vigilant and cautious, inspected these eight formation cores carefully again.


 After confirming that there were no issues, Fang Yuan returned to his original spot and placed the chosen spinefin star dragonfish into his own immortal aperture.


 Under his orders, Star Form land spirit opened the blessed land’s entrance.


 Fang Yuan walked out into Earth Abyss.


 The blessed land doors were shining with light, but it could only radiate over a small range of land. The inside of Earth Abyss was very dark and silent.


 This was a deep part of Earth Abyss, even Ancient Soul Sect, one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, had not explored this deeply yet.


 But even though there were no humans here, there were countless hidden desolate beasts, and even ancient desolate beasts, it was very dangerous.


 There was no time to waste, Fang Yuan let out the spinefin star dragonfish.


 The spinefin star dragonfish had the size of an ordinary whale, but it looked like a carp, its body was covered in blue fish scales. There were bones protruding out of its back, along the spine, extending outwards.


 Fang Yuan placed the four Immortal Gu on the body of the spinefin star dragonfish in accordance with the smaller Gu formation chart.


 One was in its mouth, one was in a particular bone on its back, one was in the left eye, and the last one was in its stomach.


 Even though the spinefin star dragonfish was big, it could not compare to Star Form blessed land.


 Fang Yuan only took a short while before his arrangements were completed.


 He inspected it carefully again, before Fang Yuan confirmed it: The twelve Immortal Gu had been put in place properly.


 He started to scatter countless mortal Gu around the area, there were even one or two Immortal Gu that he tossed out, creating a powerful Gu formation.


 Next, he was finally at the most crucial moment of relocating the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan followed the method closely, he activated the remaining four Immortal Gu.


 Star Form blessed land’s doors slowly closed, vanishing into thin air.


 Fang Yuan’s entire body started to glow in a bright yellow light.


 Even though the yellow light was bright, it was not painful to look at, it was a very warm color.


 After seventeen breaths of time, the light started to fade, they gathered into Fang Yuan’s two eyes.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he willed.


 At the next moment, a faint yellow light beam shot out of his right eye, hitting the whale-sized spinefin star dragonfish.


 The spinefin star dragonfish’s body shook, the small Gu formation that was on its body activated, it shined with a red light.


 Under this red light, the spinefin star dragonfish seemed to be wearing red armor.


 The entire spinefin star dragonfish was tough like a rock, and did not move, as if it was a statue.


 Fang Yuan breathed roughly for some time, next, a yellow light beam shot out of his left eye, directly piercing Star Form blessed land’s hidden location.


 Under the influence of the light pillar, Star Form blessed land was drawn out, turning into a blue light lump.


 The blue light lump was only the size of a large bean, a sharp contrast to the enormous, whale-like spinefin star dragonfish.


 The moment that Star Form blessed land was absorbed by this, the green grape immortal essence in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture started to be consumed at a terrifying speed!


 Fang Yuan’s left eye turned with difficulty, moving the yellow light pillar with it. The yellow light pillar began to slowly move while pulling the blue light lump.


 And that spinefin star dragonfish that was now like a stone statue, also moved along with Fang Yuan’s right eye, slowly approaching the blessed land.


 Rumble, the ground tremored and earth shook.


 Roar roar roar, countless ferocious beasts in the darkness roared in panic and fury.


 A blessed land’s relocation naturally caused intense turbulence in heaven and earth qi. A powerful earthquake was already forming in the depths of the abyss.


 Fang Yuan did not care about these trifling details, and poured all his concentration into the spinefin star dragonfish and Star Form blessed land.


 An enormous boulder crashed down on his head, but was blocked by his pre-arranged methods.


 Fang Yuan was confident he could hold on for some time even if desolate beasts attacked!


 He had created an environment that would not allow any disturbance to him for a while.


 As if he was moving two large mountains, the two pupils in Fang Yuan’s eyes moved slowly. At this moment, both his body and soul were exerting all their strength.


 Not much time had passed from when the two lights touched each other.


 However, to Fang Yuan, it was like a year had gone by!


 The moment when Star Form blessed land and the spinefin star dragonfish touched, Fang Yuan suddenly relaxed, as if he had unloaded an extremely heavy burden.


 Fang Yuan’s carefully arranged Immortal Gu formations played a crucial role at this moment.


 Star Form blessed land was like a wanderer returning home, or a swallow returning to its nest, settling down in the spinefin star dragonfish’s body, turning into an immortal aperture inside it!


 This was the method Lang Ya land spirit used to relocate blessed lands.


 There must be a desolate beast or ancient desolate beast in which the blessed land would be transplanted as an aperture within it.


 Afterwards, the desolate beast or ancient desolate beast could bring the immortal aperture wherever they were moved.


 However, time was very limited in this transferral process. The desolate beast or ancient desolate beast that held the immortal aperture could not take in any other immortal aperture, and also could not use any Immortal Gu, otherwise it would influence the workings of the Immortal Gu formation on their body.


 The specific circumstances were: Fang Yuan could not store this spinefin star dragonfish into his immortal aperture to quickly move it.


 At the same time, he also could not use any other Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves to help it.


 He could only rely on the spinefin star dragonfish’s own physical strength to float and move to another place.


 After all, although an immortal aperture was residing inside the spinefin star dragonfish, it was only barely done with the help of the larger and smaller Immortal Gu formations. Even a slight outside influence could cause the Gu formation to collapse, and not only would the relocation of the blessed land fail instantly, the Immortal Gu used could also be destroyed.


 But even such a large disadvantage could not conceal the enormous value of this method.


 The person who created this relocation method was not Long Hair Ancestor, but was equally famous as Long Hair Ancestor in history.


 His name was Old Immortal Kong Jue.


 In the long history of Gu Immortals, he was one of the three refinement path supreme grandmasters, a legend of the Remote Antiquity Era.


 His research and understanding of apertures and immortal apertures surpassed his time. It was his efforts that allowed those of the ten extreme physiques to advance and become Gu Immortals, forming super grade blessed lands.


 Old Immortal Kong Jue named the immortal killer move of relocating blessed lands as the immortal aperture transplantation method.


 Up to this point, this was the immortal killer move with the highest number of core Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had seen.


 Nevertheless, this immortal killer move with up to sixteen core Immortal Gu was only an incomplete immortal killer move. Old Immortal Kong Jue’s initial thoughts had been to perfectly transplant a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture into a desolate beast or ancient desolate beast’s body, unlike the current situation, where they could only rely on the two Gu formations and consume a lot of immortal essence to join the two together with difficulty, and just for a while on top of that.


 After Long Hair Ancestor obtained this inheritance of Old Immortal Kong Jue, he also made many attempts to complete it with Old Immortal Kong Jue’s research results, but they all ended up in failure.


 Under the inspection of the inkman wisdom path Gu Immortal Yi Yan, Long Hair Ancestor discovered this incomplete immortal killer move already had shocking value!


 Gu Immortals could use it to relocate the immortal apertures of dead Gu Immortals.


 Time passed by, bringing great changes to the world.


 Now, countless years later, Fang Yuan was benefiting from this.


 “Move, go there.” Fang Yuan commanded the spinefin star dragonfish to move.


 Because of the disadvantages of the immortal aperture transplantation method, the spinefin star dragonfish’s speed was less than half the original speed, and the pressure on the body was huge, as if it was moving with a mountain on its back.


 This made the distance the blessed land could be relocated every time limited.


 Lang Ya land spirit had moved Lang Ya blessed land, but it should not be far away from the previous location.


 This was also one of the reasons Fang Yuan did not move Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Fortunately, Earth Abyss is an extremely good hidden area, it will be a long while in the future before this layer gets exposed and developed. I can use Star Form blessed land as a reliable camp to replenish and recuperate.”


 “Moreover, I know the disadvantages of the immortal aperture transplantation method, but others don’t know. When Hei Lou Lan does not see Star Form blessed land, she might think the blessed land was destroyed. After all, the concept of relocating blessed lands has already surpassed the common knowledge of Gu Immortals!”


 Like this, Fang Yuan led the spinefin star dragonfish to move in Earth Abyss.


 The path he moved on was naturally according to a elaborately drawn map, which had already gone through large numbers of tests and probing.


 He continued to move deep into Earth Abyss, while avoiding many desolate beasts. In the gaps between the territories of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, Fang Yuan slowly moved with the spinefin star dragonfish.


 Fang Yuan’s destination was three layers down from the original location of Star Form blessed land.


 However, after going down two layers, Fang Yuan’s luck was used up as he ran into a desolate beast one-eyed giant ape.


 The one-eyed ape was extremely vigorous and would often wander around in Earth Abyss. When it discovered the spinefin star dragonfish, it excitedly started a chase.


 Fang Yuan began a fierce fight with this one-eyed giant ape, strenuously maintaining the safety of the spinefin star dragonfish.


 But in the end, Fang Yuan suffered from having no battlefield killer move, and was unable to effectively restrict the one-eyed giant ape’s movement, eventually, partway to their location, the one-eyed giant ape heavily injured the spinefin star dragonfish.


 The spinefin star dragonfish was extremely weak while carrying the immortal aperture, it was already using all its strength to move and thus did not have any spare energy to strike back.


 Fang Yuan finally drove away this damned one-eyed giant ape, but the spinefin star dragonfish had already been injured heavily and could no longer move.


 “Fortunately, the Immortal Gu are unharmed, if anything happened to them, wouldn’t I have to compensate Lang Ya until I’m bankrupt?!” After Fang Yuan inspected the condition, his heavy mood eased up.


 This was good fortune within misfortune.


 Since the situation had already turned this way, Fang Yuan could only choose the second-best option, and place Star Form blessed land nearby.


 The moment the immortal aperture was removed, the spinefin star dragonfish completely crumbled, turning into a pool of meat and blood, even its beast soul had dispersed.


 This was the necessary sacrifice of the immortal aperture transplantation method, and Fang Yuan had already known this.


 Even if the spinefin star dragonfish was not injured, when it reached the destination, it would still die from exhaustion.


 Star Form blessed land was successfully relocated, hidden in a completely new area.


 Everything was worth it!



***
Chapter 902 - Heavily Developing Star Form Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan entered Star Form blessed land.


 Star Form blessed land’s heaven and earth qi were greatly affected by the relocation, intense earthquakes occurred in Star Form blessed land.


 Only until Star Form blessed land was placed down and started to absorb the endless amount of earth qi did it stabilize, as the earthquakes ceased.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan looked over it, the vast landscape was filled with cracks and crevices, dark smoke rose up from burning flames.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank slightly, he sighed deeply.


 This was something he had no other way to deal with.


 Because to transplant the immortal aperture, he could not interrupt the activation of the two Immortal Gu formations. Thus, even if Fang Yuan had methods involving Immortal Gu, he could not use defensive or protection methods on Star Form blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit had once told Fang Yuan about this, Lang Ya blessed land’s losses were far greater than Fang Yuan’s Star Form blessed land.


 Thus, ordinarily, the blessed land would not be relocated.


 “Where is the land spirit?”


 Fang Yuan called out.


 Star Form land spirit’s eyes were red, he did not understand why his master wanted to move.


 Under Star Form land spirit’s guidance, Fang Yuan started inspecting Star Form blessed land.


 He first had to inspect Star Form blessed land’s four sources of revenue, the arrow bamboo forest, broken star lake, meteorite pit, and the star fragment grass fields.


 Broken star lake’s water was flowing along a huge crack, there were piles of seaweed at the bottom of the lake, there was still some water left inside, it had not dried up completely yet.


 Landscape as Before!


 Fang Yuan took out the Immortal Gu and poured his immortal essence into it.


 Landscape as before Immortal Gu gave off a white light, sweeping over the broken star lake.


 Immediately, the ground below broken star lake mended, the lake water filled up and returned to its original state. But the loss of seaweed was still going to affect the production of star river Gu for a period of time in the future.


 There was nothing inside the water, only seaweed and aquatic plants were floating around. The original palace below the lake was completely destroyed. Landscape as Before could not restore things like man made buildings.


 But the fish groups, insect groups, and Gu groups that were inside this lake did not die from the earthquakes. Fang Yuan had moved them into Hu Immortal blessed land long ago.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture was a dead land, living beings could not live inside for long.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan went to arrow bamboo forest, meteorite pit, and star fragment grass fields to inspect them.


 Out of his expectations, arrow bamboo forest was unharmed. Beside the arrow bamboo forest, there were two long cracks, they narrowly grazed the edge of the forest, it was truly a close call.


 The arrow bamboo forest was the biggest plantation in Star Form blessed land, Fang Yuan had already collected most of the resources there and kept them in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 To think that arrow bamboo forest dodged this crisis, it was truly a stroke of good luck.


 But the meteorite pit and the star fragment grass fields were not so lucky. The meteorite pit suffered huge damage, it was nearly unrecognizable. As for the star fragment grass fields, because of the fire, some had been burned into ashes, at first glance, it was a barren land.


 Under the effect of Landscape as Before, the meteorite pit was restored to normal, and even the terrain of the star fragment grass field had been restored.


 “Landscape as before Immortal Gu is truly useful, with it, my losses shrunk by at least eighty percent! And since I already moved out most of my resources beforehand, Star Form blessed land only suffered a minor loss in the end, even though there was huge destruction that occurred.”


 Fang Yuan thought as he looked around, he used Landscape as Before to restore the landscape of Star Form blessed land, but that expended a lot of green grape immortal essence.


 He did not repair everything, he left some cracks in the ground as they had been.


 He had a stroke of inspiration: “Maybe I can use this chance and turn the cracks in the ground into river channels, creating a network that can spread throughout the entirety of Star Form blessed land. But Star Form blessed land has a unique terrain, as for how I can make this a reality, I will need to use the light of wisdom and think over it.”


 Next, Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel and went to Lang Ya land spirit, returning the Immortal Gu back to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit returned the Immortal Gu that had been held as collateral to Fang Yuan as he said: “If you need to relocate anything else, you can find me again.”


 After all, he had earned a huge sum just now, in a short time, he earned more than two thousand immortal essence stones.


 Lang Ya land spirit continued: “If you join my Lang Ya sect, and become a supreme elder, in the future when you relocate your blessed land, I can give you a huge discount when borrowing Immortal Gu!”


 “I will think about it.” Fang Yuan replied half-heartedly.


 He had only wanted to obtain benefits from Lang Ya land spirit, he did not want to be tied together with these hairy men.


 Once he joined, he would be unable to go away, he would lose his freedom. He would not make such a stupid decision.


 Next, Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel and entered Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, returning Landscape as Before to him.


 In the immortal aperture, Fang Yuan asked about Eastern Sea’s information from Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng told him that Song Yi Shi and the others were searching for him all over the place, some people had approached Tai Bai Yun Sheng as a result.


 “Looking at the situation, our relationship would be exposed in a short while.” Fang Yuan muttered.


 “I suggest that you contact Shark Demon and join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance. Relying on Zombie Alliance, you will be able to resolve this.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng said.


 Fang Yuan was not anxious, his plan was unaffected by external pressure, he shook his head: “It is still not time yet, there are still more than ten days from the next attack on Yu Lu blessed land, let’s wait and see.”


 Hu Immortal blessed land, tens of days later.


 Underground cave.


 Bathed in the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, letting out a breath of turbid air.


 “I still failed after all.” He muttered, standing up slowly.


 He was sitting down on a small mushroom stump, he used it as a stool.


 But such short stumps were very rare now.


 Right now, the underground cave was a huge zhi forest, these lingzhi were very different from before, not only were they tall and thick, they were red in color. This was because of Hu Immortal blessed land’s seventh earthly calamity, the blood poison kerria flowers, because of that opportunity, the ordinary zhi forest became a blood zhi forest.


 Hu Immortal blessed land’s soil was originally not suited for the growth of zhi forests, but now it has become a blood zhi forest, it could grow very well.


 But this zhi forest would need one or two hundred years to expand and growing into a true forest, by creating more space and pushing aside the soil and rocks.


 Fang Yuan did not have much expectations towards this blood zhi forest, he was not going to invest into it.


 These last days, Fang Yuan had neither slept nor rested, he was putting in all his effort into developing Star Form blessed land.


 Once his identity was exposed, everyone would know that he was the culprit behind the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Hu Immortal blessed land would have to be given up, Star Form blessed land would become his only base by then.


 By that point, if Fang Yuan was still an immortal zombie and had not revived, Star Form blessed land would have an even more important role to Fang Yuan, having immense value and use.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s focus had already shifted from Hu Immortal blessed land to Star Form blessed land.


 As for the plan of developing Star Form blessed land, Fang Yuan had already thought about it dozens of days ago using the light of wisdom.


 According to his earlier inspiration, he would build a huge river system in Star Form blessed land, the actual plan after deducing it properly was grander. The entire water river system would not only be on the ground, he would even encompass the sky into it, he was going to create a huge three dimensional river system.


 This made use of Star Form blessed land’s unique terrain.


 Star Form blessed land had a depression at the center, while having high altitude around the sides, it resembled the shape of a bowl.


 If he only built a river system on the ground, all of the water would flow towards the center. But if this was three dimensional, the water from the center would be drawn into the sky, it would flow towards the edges of the blessed land, and form a grand system for water to flow.


 As for the way to create rivers in the sky, Fang Yuan had deduced the cheapest and easiest method, that was cloud soil.


 Cloud soil was also used by Lang Ya land spirit to forcefully create a cloud continent in the sky of Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan intended to use the cloud soil to create many river channels, along these rivers, the fertile cloud soil would have countless star fragment grass growing on them.


 The soil that the star fragment grass grew in was the cloud soil. Star Lord Wan Xiang had no choice but to plant them in black soil., as he did not have enough financial ability to bulk purchase cloud soil. But Star Form blessed land’s environment was very suited for star fragment grass to grow. This caused the growth rates of star fragment grass to be higher in Star Form blessed land than Hu Immortal blessed land!


 Fang Yuan’s plan was beautiful, but reality was cruel.


 Fang Yuan lacked a huge amount of funds, he had just accumulated two thousand immortal essence stones but he had passed them to Lang Ya land spirit. Thus, these days, he could only repair the four sources of revenue in Star Form blessed land.


 Arrow bamboo forest had grown to its best condition, emitting a light fog under the use of large amounts of moon well water.


 Meteorite pit and broken star lake had been fully restored.


 The star fragment grass fields were more troublesome, but after Fang Yuan used the killer move spring star rain several times, they were growing quickly as well.


 Ever since he obtained the star path inheritance and gained star shoot Immortal Gu, spring star rain had turned into an immortal killer move, its effect was dozens of times better than before!


 As for the dragonfish, eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders, and Dang Hun Mountain inside Hu Immortal blessed land, they were not moved over yet.


 Firstly, he needed to develop the place for now, and finalize a proper water flow system before relocating the dragonfish.


 Secondly, Star Form blessed land was facing its heavenly tribulation soon!


 Why was Star Lord Wan Xiang so anxious to explore Starry Sky grotto-heaven?


 It was because the heavenly tribulation was approaching.


 He was a rank six Gu Immortal with one heavenly tribulation passed, he was facing the second one soon.


 Because he battled with Song Zi Xing and was gravely injured, he lost confidence in surviving the tribulation, he had to expose the secret of Starry Sky grotto-heaven and drag Shi Lei in to explore Starry Sky grotto-heaven together.


 Fang Yuan was still hesitating over if he should move all these resources away before the heavenly tribulation struck.


 Leaving the underground cave, Fang Yuan returned to Dang Hun palace.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng, who was held captive all along, seemed to have resigned himself to fate, his eyes were hollow as he sat in the prison cell without moving.


 Evidently, the truth of Immortal Crane Sect attempting to kill him, and his master Lord Sky Crane trying to possess him were very impactful news towards him.


 According to his usual habits, Fang Yuan stood before him and said some words.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng did not move at all, his expression was numb, as if he did not hear a word.



***
Chapter 903 - Joining Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan was not anxious, as long as Gu Yue Fang Zheng was eating food, it meant that he had the will to live. As for how to change his mindset, and alter his perspective, so that Fang Zheng would view Fang Yuan more favorably, it was a long process, there was no need to rush.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan came to another secret room and inspected Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 He had many souls of immortals now, there was Dong Fang Chang Fan, featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling, Snowy Mountain’s Xue Song Zi, as well as the Eastern Sea lone cultivator Yao Ge Pi.


 These last days, other than developing Star Form blessed land, he had been searching these souls. Currently, he had searched all of their souls already, he gained a lot of benefits.


 But what truly made Fang Yuan ‘crave for more’ was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul.


 Once in a while, Fang Yuan would search his soul.


 It was no exception this time.


 After the soul search, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul suddenly spoke: “My memories have been read by you countless times, but recently, when you conduct soul searches, you will always check the memories regarding the dismantling of battlefield killer moves in my soul. It seems that you have encountered an inheritance, or have faced a strong foe that requires you to unravel a battlefield killer move.”


 Towards Dong Fang Chang Fan’s words, Fang Yuan was slightly taken aback, he replied frankly: “That’s right. These last days, I have been studying your wisdom path inheritance, especially the details about resolving battlefield killer moves. Combined with my experiences and your memories, I will gain a lot of insight each time.”


 Soul searching was like reading a book, but one was reading the memories in the soul instead. But like reading a book, there was no way to memorize every single small detail accurately. One thorough soul search was like reading a book from start to finish, you would learn about the contents of the book only. With constant revision, one would learn in-depth about the information, and would obtain more knowledge from it.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul smiled: “Have you thought about it, I can actually help you. You re just a wisdom path newbie, no matter how much you revise and read through, the gains that you can have are limited. Meanwhile, my wisdom path attainment is much higher, as long as you give me a body, I will be able to make deductions for you and help you think of solutions. Isn’t this a good idea? You can use information path methods to restrict me, I will be your most capable assistant.”


 “That is a good idea indeed.” Fang Yuan nodded, he smiled faintly: “But I will not do that, forget about it. Even after being left with a soul, you are still not giving up, it seems that I have not given you a thorough lesson yet.”


 Fang Yuan’s smile turned into a sinister sneer.


 Dozens of Gu worms moved with his will, activating.


 “Ah—!” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul shook intensely, the cell was full of his anguished cries.


 This punishment lasted for two hours, the pain in the soul was much more intense than in the body, Dong Fang Chang Fan was definitely taught a good lesson.


 Fang Yuan obviously did not waste time there, he left long ago and went to two other secret rooms.


 In one room, there was the rank seven featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling’s soul, in the other room, there was Xue Song Zi’s soul.


 Even though these two Gu Immortals were not wisdom path Gu Immortals during their lives, they had memories regarding battlefield killer moves as well.


 Even though they did not have wisdom path techniques, one was wind path and the other was snow path, they had their own unique methods to deal with battlefield killer moves. These memories were useful as references for Fang Yuan.


 What was worth noting was, both their souls had been searched multiple times by Fang Yuan already.


 From Xue Song Zi’s soul, Fang Yuan learned that he had kept a fortune in Snowy Mountain blessed land. In his mountain peak, there were a number of snowmen, as well as plants related to snow pines there.


 But Fang Yuan did not dare to take them.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s capabilities were unfathomable, Fang Yuan did not have much confidence in vaguely familiar face. He could not tell Fairy Li Shan about Xue Song Zi’s death either.


 Why?


 Because Fairy Li Shan and Xue Song Zi were both members of Snowy Mountain, they were allies. After learning that Fang Yuan killed Xue Song Zi, even if Fairy Li Shan did not deal with Fang Yuan, she would have to inform Old Ancestor Xue Hu due to the alliance agreement.


 Meanwhile, from Zheng Ling’s soul, Fang Yuan also made some gains. He obtained a complete wind path inheritance from Zheng Ling, as well as the immortal killer move heavenly wish, along with precious information regarding the Immortal Gu House, Sacred Feather City, and the green heaven fragment world that the feathermen lived in.


 This world was huge, there was a lot of resources inside, after Fang Yuan learned about it, he almost drooled.


 Even though he knew about the scenery in the green heaven fragment world, such that Fang Yuan could use Fixed Immortal Travel to get there, but since that place was currently occupied by White Sea Shatuo and other Gu Immortals, it was like a lion’s den. Fang Yuan would not take the risk easily.


 After coming out from the secret room, Fang Yuan received Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s transmission, he said: I have already met up with Shark Demon and the others.


 Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel and teleported into Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture before coming out of it.


 At the next moment, Xing Xiang Zi appeared before Shark Demon and the others.


 “Come, let me introduce you, this is the ‘world famous’ Xing Xiang Zi.” Shark Demon laughed as he introduced enthusiastically.


 Fang Yuan showed a bitter smile: “Lord Shark Demon, please don’t make fun of me... sigh.”


 Saying so, tiny explosions occurred over Fang Yuan’s body, it was as if firecrackers had been ignited on his body.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, his body shook as hundreds of mortal Gu on his body fell out.


 None of these mortal Gu survived, some were torn to shreds from this explosion.


 “Hehehe, Xing Xiang Zi, you offended Song clan, this wisdom path mortal killer move cannot conceal your traces.” Behind Shark Demon, an elderly Gu Immortal spoke.


 Another skinny middle aged female Gu Immortal had an arrogant expression as she said with disdain: “That’s right. Right now, among the three most capable wisdom path Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea, one of them is Song clan’s Song Jia Dan. If you only have these methods, you will be exposed soon.”


 The last person was unfamiliar, he wore a golden robe and had a fat body, he looked like a rich person as he smiled and expressed goodwill towards Fang Yuan: “Jia Dan sits in twin polar, Hua An hides in Nan Gong, there is also Dragon Head Tortoise, living inside adversity sea. This refers to the three best wisdom path experts in Eastern Sea. Among them, Song Jia Dan ranks the highest, he sacrificed himself for his clan and fused himself into the world of Eastern Sea itself. As long as it is within Eastern Sea, he can deduce it accurately, this is very scary. Even if sir hides in someone’s immortal aperture, you will only delay the timing, you will be found eventually.”


 Xing Xiang Zi nodded, he cupped his fists towards the three Gu Immortals: “I have been enlightened, thank you for the information.”


 The mortal Gu that died were his defensive wisdom path methods, to protect him against others’ deductions.


 But the moment Fang Yuan stepped into Eastern Sea, these defensive measures self-detonated, one could see how skilled Song Jia Dan was from this.


 “Alright, brother Xing Xiang, let me introduce you.” Shark Demon referred to the elderly Gu Immortal with his hand: “This is the demonic path Gu Immortal Ninth Ghost Finger, he cultivates soul path mainly and wisdom path on the side.”


 Shark Demon shifted to the arrogant middle aged female Gu Immortal: “This is the wisdom path Gu Immortal Xie Shu Fang, Master Xie.”


 Finally, he talked about the smiling fat Gu Immortal: “This is ‘Big Bag’ Lu Tan Xin, he mainly cultivates space path, but he has wisdom path attainment as well.”


 “It is my honor to meet all three of you.” Fang Yuan cupped his fists again, having a humble attitude.


 The middle aged female Gu Immortal Xie Shu Fang said coldly: “Meeting you is my misfortune. You offended Song clan, don’t think you can escape. Right now, you are still scot-free, that is because Song clan did not go all out to find you, as they are busy fighting for Ascending Heaven Plain and have no time for you. I would advise you to surrender to Song clan, burdening me is one thing, but if you burden everyone and cause our Yu Lu blessed land invasion to be obstructed, you will be doing everyone a disservice.”


 Her words were very rude, many Gu Immortals heard it and had a change of expression. They were not worried about Xie Shu Fang’s words, instead, they were worried that Xing Xiang Zi might feel insulted and create a conflict among themselves, creating internal strife.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression turned grim, while Bo Dan felt secretly joyful seeing that Fang Yuan was insulted.


 Fang Yuan gave Xie Shu Fang a look, he thought that this Gu Immortal was probably in the righteous path, resulting in such a poor attitude towards himself.


 Fang Yuan was joyful instead of angry, he continued from her words: “Master Xie is right, Song clan is a super force, they have such great influence, how could I defend against them? Thus, I have decided, Lord Shark Demon, I would like your help in joining Zombie Alliance, do you think I can avoid this trouble if I join?”


 Xie Shu Fang was stunned, in her impression, Northern Plains Gu Immortals were very rash and arrogant, why was he being so mild?


 Shark Demon was the first to react, he laughed loudly: “Of course you can. Brother Xing Xiang is a great talent, joining Zombie Alliance is a good idea. I can assure you, you will join Zombie Alliance smoothly. As long as you did not defile Song Yi Shi, we can back you up in this matter, and support you as we negotiate with Song clan.”


 “Then I will thank Lord Shark Demon first.” Fang Yuan’s face was full of helplessness and bitterness: “Don’t worry Lord Shark Demon, I had accidentally entered the bottom of the volcano and saw that Fairy Yi Shi bathing, that was the cause of this crisis, sigh...”


 Fang Yuan sighed deeply, he showed a look of feeling upset over a great misfortune that he did not intend for.


 Bo Dan’s expression became very dark.


 Shark Demon laughed loudly: “I believe brother Xing Xiang Zi, come, let’s go and break that fighting soul battlefield!”


 After entering Yu Lu blessed land, everyone entered fighting soul battlefield again.


 In a dark and gloomy area, dark clouds were looming as a thunderstorm approached, intense winds blew and a sandstorm was blowing. Soul beasts formed in the sandstorm, they grew in numbers and charged towards Fang Yuan and the others without stopping.


 Fang Yuan, Bo Dan, and the others had started deducing the battlefield the moment they entered, they displayed all their methods and techniques.


 Because of their earlier probing, they had found out, the key to this round was not traps or difficulty, it was the immense time needed to find all the Gu worms.


 Seven minutes later, ancient soul beasts would start to form, it would be best if they dismantled this fighting soul battlefield before seven minutes!



***
Chapter 904 - Star Thought Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This was a race against time!


 If Shark Demon and the others could not hold off the soul beasts, then this invasion would end in failure again.


 If the Gu Immortals could unravel the battlefield killer move before that, they would obtain victory.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan waved his sleeves, a wisdom path mortal killer move was used, he destroyed seven to eight hidden Gu worms.


 Earlier, when he targeted this fighting soul battlefield killer move, he could only destroy five to six hidden Gu worms at once. But now, he could destroy seven to eight. This showed that during this time, he had been hiding in Hu Immortal blessed land, practicing and learning to improve his wisdom path techniques.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied: “This kind of self-directed learning is too limited in terms of improvement. To increase my rate of deducing this battlefield killer move, I need Immortal Gu. It is a pity, even though I have a wisdom path Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery, I cannot use it to deal with battlefield killer moves.”


 Unravel mystery Immortal Gu’s effect was to help a Gu Immortal think and solve puzzles and mysteries. If the battlefield killer move was treated as a puzzle, then unravel mystery Immortal Gu would be very helpful in unraveling battlefield killer moves.


 But simply unravel mystery Immortal Gu alone could not do anything to battlefield killer moves.


 Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom and intended to use unravel mystery Immortal Gu as the core to deduce a simple immortal killer move that could unravel battlefield killer moves.


 But unfortunately, even though Fang Yuan had been trying hard, up until the point when he had to come to Eastern Sea, he did not succeed.


 Deducing an immortal killer move was very difficult.


 Normally speaking, even if rank eight Gu Immortals wanted to deduce a brand new immortal killer move, they would need to spend years.


 And every so often, their foundations would be insufficient, until their deaths, they would not be able to complete the immortal killer move.


 Thus, Fang Yuan also had many incomplete immortal killer moves in the inheritances that he had obtained.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s star path attainment level was ordinary, relying on wisdom Gu, he could completely deduce some incomplete immortal killer moves, that resulted in star fire escape and projected star thought.


 But now, he wanted to deduce a brand new wisdom path killer move without any foundation, this was out of Fang Yuan’s abilities.


 Even with the light of wisdom, his wisdom path attainment level was ordinary, this was his greatest drawback, it was holding him back.


 “Actually, unravel mystery Immortal Gu and the unraveling of battlefield killer moves are very closely related. As long as my wisdom path attainment level reaches master level, I will be able to design a new wisdom path immortal killer move specially used to unravel battlefield killer moves.”


 Fang Yuan had estimated this inwardly long ago.


 But now, even though he felt some regret, he was not anxious at all.


 Since Shark Demon had promised him publicly to recommend him to Zombie Alliance, there was little chance that he would go back on his words.


 Even if this attempt to unravel fighting soul battlefield fails, Fang Yuan would not be implicated.


 Fang Yuan would had achieved his goal, that was to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 “In fact, from another perspective, to express my value to Shark Demon, so that it would benefit me, battlefield killer moves like fighting soul battlefield should take as long to deduce as possible.”


 If he completely deduced these battlefield killer moves, and Yu Lu blessed land was taken down, Fang Yuan would receive little benefits from it. He might as well drag the time out and wait for himself to get stronger, he might get a bigger share of the profits then.


 Fang Yuan continued to move his hands, he was calm as he observed the situation secretly with his peripheral vision.


 He did not need to observe Bo Dan, he was doing the same, trying his best to deduce, but he could only destroy one hidden Gu worm at once, he made barely any progress towards this situation.


 Fang Yuan’s focus was on the three new Gu Immortals. They had wisdom path techniques in one way or another, they were invited by Shark Demon for this purpose.


 The one closest to Fang Yuan was the elderly Gu Immortal, demonic path Gu Immortal Ninth Ghost Finger.


 Right now, he was lowering his head and looking at his hands. His ten fingers were intact, but when he moved his fingers rapidly, only nine fingers could be seen in the silhouettes.


 His wisdom path inheritance was very unique, the missing finger represented the ‘one in the Great Dao’ that fled, it was the most profound heavenly secret.


 Ninth Ghost Finger moved his fingers, they danced in the air like phantom spirits, he chanted in an unknown language that no one could understand.


 At the same time, all sorts of mortal Gu flew out of his immortal aperture.


 These mortal Gu flew into the air and self-detonated, revealing the hidden locations of Gu around the area.


 Some mortal Gu only destroyed one spot, while some mortal Gu destroyed seven to eight hidden Gu worms. On average, his speed was slightly slower than Fang Yuan, but his wisdom path attainment level was definitely higher.


 Fang Yuan looked at Big Bag Lu Tan Xin.


 The title of Big Bag was very interesting, Fang Yuan guessed that since he was a space path Gu Immortal, did Big Bag mean that he had incredibly skilled storage techniques?


 But normally speaking, Gu Immortals who mainly cultivate space path have a lot of space path dao marks, their immortal aperture would also be much larger than ordinary Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures.


 Right now, Lu Tan Xin’s eyes had turned into vertical pupils, they were like cat’s eyes as he investigated continuously.


 His fat hands turned golden and oily, the aura that leaked from it displayed to others that this was a top tier mortal killer move.


 Lu Tan Xin first observed for a few breaths of time before striking.


 He stretched out a golden hand and aimed at one point, pointing a finger.


 This movement seemed to have expended a lot of his energy, soon, he was breathing roughly and panting.


 But after each time he pointed, at the corresponding direction, large numbers of hidden Gu worms would be destroyed, turning into golden dust that scattered.


 Every strike of Lu Tan Xin’s destroyed eight hidden Gu worms.


 But his speed was very slow.


 His attacks needed investigation beforehand, and he had to take several breaths of time to prepare it, it was very exhausting. The more tired he got, the slower his attacks became.


 Thus, in conclusion, Lu Tan Xin was slower than Ninth Ghost Finger.


 It could be seen that Shark Demon’s evaluation was on point. When Shark Demon introduced Lu Tan Xin, he said that he had wisdom path attainment. When he introduced Ninth Ghost Finger, he said that he cultivated wisdom path on the side. Meanwhile, Shark Demon also placed much focus on Gu Immortal Xie Shu Fang, as a person mainly cultivating wisdom path, she was undoubtedly the most capable among the three.


 Fang Yuan looked at Xie Shu Fang next.


 As expected!


 Xie Shu Fang stood in the air arrogantly, two streams of yellow and white vapor were blowing out of her nose continuously.


 The yellow and white streams of vapor moved extremely quickly, they moved a round in the air, destroying up to a hundred hidden mortal Gu.


 After destroying these Gu worms, the yellow and white streams became thinner, but when they returned to Xie Shu Fang’s nostrils and were breathed out again, they regained their power and become unstoppable again.


 Heaviness flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes secretly.


 These two streams of yellow and white vapor had incredible power, this was surely an immortal killer move.


 The power of an immortal killer move was much greater than the mortal killer moves that Fang Yuan had.


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself internally: “My wisdom path attainment level is insufficient, I cannot use unravel mystery Immortal Gu properly, so be it, attainment levels can only normally be accumulated through long periods of time. But if I have star thought Immortal Gu, according to Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, I will be able to use at least three wisdom path immortal killer moves to destroy battlefield killer moves. Among them, two are even stronger than this yellow and white vapor, by at least five to six times!”


 The wisdom path inheritance from Dong Fang Chang Fan was more refined than the one Xie Shu Fang had.


 Fang Yuan wanted to obtain star thought Immortal Gu the most now.


 On one hand, he had a huge need for star thoughts. One Fang Yuan stone nest in Hu Immortal blessed land was refining star thought Gu all the time now. If he had star thought Immortal Gu, he would be able to use this stone nest for the production of airsac Gu, increasing its scale and earning more immortal essence stones for Fang Yuan.


 On the other hand, star thought Immortal Gu was one of the two cores of the immortal killer move star fog concealment.


 Star fog concealment had a similar effect to dark limit Immortal Gu.


 It could defend against other people’s deductions, making their deductions unclear and inaccurate regarding the truth.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance had many top tier mortal killer moves, Fang Yuan had used them, but facing people like Song Jia Dan, there was no way to defend against his deductions using them.


 Once Fang Yuan stepped into Eastern Sea, the mortal Gu that he had used instantly self-detonated, the defensive mortal killer moves collapsed in no time.


 Evidently, if Fang Yuan really became a fugitive in the future and was hunted down by everyone, countless people would be deducing his whereabouts. Then, he would need an immortal killer move to protect himself against others’ deductions.


 It could be seen that mortal killer moves, even if they were top tier, would have no use no matter how many there were.


 There was a qualitative difference between immortal and mortal.


 “But to refine star thought Immortal Gu, there are many difficulties. Firstly, the issue of funding, I have just spent two thousand immortal essence stones, the money I have on hand currently is limited. Even if I have enough, to purchase all of the immortal materials, I will need enough time and luck. Also, my success dao mark was used up already to refine change form Immortal Gu. Even if I prepare adequately, if I am unlucky, and encounter the failure rate, I would fail to refine star thought Immortal Gu.”


 “As for other people refining star thought Immortal Gu, the possibility is very small, after all, Dong Fang Chang Fan only self-detonated star thought Immortal Gu not too long ago.”


 Time passed, seven minutes had gone by already.


 In fighting soul battlefield, ancient soul beasts appeared again.


 A continuous stream of soul beasts encircled Fang Yuan and the others from all directions.


 Compared to the dark swamp of soul beasts, Fang Yuan and the others were like sesame seeds on a pancake!


 However, Shark Demon and the others were not desperate, they had intent to fight and anticipation.


 That was because Fang Yuan and the others were close to succeeding in dismantling the battlefield killer move.


 “All or nothing!” Shark Demon gritted his teeth, he knew that he had to stake it all now, he activated the incomplete Profound Ice House without hesitation.


 The incomplete Profound Ice House took in everyone as it rushed out of the soul beast army by charging forward.


 It charged unhindered, tearing countless soul beasts to shreds, even the desolate beast level soul beasts could not stop the rampaging Profound Ice House.


 Bam bam bam!


 Ancient soul beasts had enough strength, they surrounded Profound Ice House and attacked ruthlessly.


 Immortal essence was expended intensely, Shark Demon, Su Bai Man and the others’ expressions turned pale!



***
Chapter 905 - Pitiful Victory


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Endure, endure it!”


 “Success depends on this, we will win if we endure for just a bit more!”


 In the incomplete Profound Ice House, everyone was screaming loudly, they lost their composure.


 Outside the incomplete Profound Ice House, there were an uncountable number of soul beasts, they were like swamps of ants encircling Profound Ice House in the middle.


 “How many hidden spots left?” Shark Demon shouted.


 “A hundred and seventy-eight!” Bo Dan immediately reported. Even though he could not destroy the mortal Gu efficiently, at this point, fighting soul battlefield was close to collapsing, soul beasts were no longer being produced, Bo Dan’s investigative methods could cover the entire battlefield.


 “A hundred and seventy-eight...” Su Bai Man muttered, her expression was ugly, but the light of hope in her eyes shined brightly.


 This number of hidden locations seemed easy to deal with.


 But in fact, it was very difficult.


 Firstly, the core Immortal Gu left were the hardest to deduce and take down.


 Secondly, the immortals were now inside Profound Ice House, their methods were restricted, they could not use their methods as freely as before.


 The Immortal Gu House had both offense and defense, as well as movement, it was a war fortress with capabilities in all areas, without any apparent weaknesses. The more Gu Immortals inside the Immortal Gu House, and the higher their cultivation levels, the more immortal essence they could provide to the Immortal Gu House, and the more power the Immortal Gu House could unleash!


 But there was a flaw in this.


 That was that the Gu Immortals could only provide fuel for the Immortal Gu House. The Immortal Gu House’s offense, defense, movement, healing, investigation, and others, were decided based on the Immortal Gu House’s own Immortal Gu and mortal Gu.


 Thus, Fang Yuan, Xie Shu Fang, and the others’ methods were obstructed by the Immortal Gu House, they could not be used.


 From this perspective, ancient battle formations were much better than Immortal Gu Houses. Even though ancient battle formations had been deemed outdated in history after the emergence of countless Immortal Gu Houses, facts showed that ancient battle formations still had many advantages.


 For example, the fighting methods of ancient battle formations were much more flexible than Immortal Gu Houses.


 An Immortal Gu House’s offense, defense, movement, healing, and investigation abilities were all decided by the Immortal Gu, they could not be changed, their power only depended on how much immortal essence was used, they were inflexible.


 But ancient battle formations were different, even though ancient battle formations were also made of Gu formations, the core was the Gu Immortals inside.


 The Gu Immortals could use their personal immortal killer moves inside the ancient battle formation.


 Just like during the defensive battle of Lang Ya blessed land when Fang Yuan and the hairy man Gu Immortals used the second best ancient battle formation, Heavenly Giant Solor. This silver giant would change its form depending on what killer moves the Gu Immortal used, and the killer move’s power would be amplified greatly as well.


 In all, if it was an ancient battle formation, the immortals might have already destroyed all of the hidden Gu worms and obtained victory. But because this was an Immortal Gu House, they were restricted.


 It was like climbing a mountain, they only had a small flight of stairs in front before they could reach the mountain peak. But just this small distance was an incredible obstacle to them.


 In the immortals’ perception, time seemed to have slowed down, every second felt like years.


 “Are we going to fail again?” Su Bai Man muttered in disappointment, she showed a dark and defeated expression.


 But at this time, Xie Shu Fang stood up, she said heavily to Shark Demon: “I can settle all of the remaining hidden Gu worms, but I would need to pay a huge price for my method. If you can give the Immortal Gu inside to me as compensation, I will help.”


 Shark Demon’s expression was ugly, he snorted coldly. Su Bai Man also showed a ruthless and unfriendly gaze.


 Xie Shu Fang’s actions were likely to be extortion, but at this moment, they had no other ways left, to complete this difficult task, they could only rely on Xie Shu Fang.


 But Xie Shu Fang asked for an Immortal Gu as compensation, Immortal Gu were extremely valuable, she was really asking for an exorbitant price.


 But after Shark Demon thought about it for a while, he agreed without waiting for too long: “You can only take one Immortal Gu, that is my limit!”


 He had undergone an intense competition in Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance to seize the mission for attacking Yu Lu blessed land.


 Other than a portion of the benefits that had to be given to Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, the rest would go to Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 This immortal zombie couple had already invested a huge sum, their foundations were shaken. The Immortal Gu inside Yu Lu blessed land were their property, right now, Xie Shu Fang’s request was simply digging away at their fortune!


 But one had to say, Shark Demon really had a grand disposition, he knew how to assess the situation and give up some benefits when necessary.


 He could actually hold in his anger and agree to Xie Shu Fang’s request.


 This made Fang Yuan praise him secretly.


 Xie Shu Fang saw Shark Demon giving in and did not hesitate, she nodded, smiling: “Sir Shark Demon, I am not a greedy person. But one of the Immortal Gu in the battlefield killer move suits me a lot. I will not dare to ask for more Immortal Gu, I owe you a favor this time.”


 “Go ahead, Master Xie Shu Fang.” Su Bai Man crossed her arms, saying in a cold tone.


 This Immortal Gu was not easy to obtain.


 Everyone watched with anticipation as Xie Shu Fang’s expression turned serious, her aura was growing. At the same time, black and white lights appeared on her body.


 The black and white light swirled around, forming into a big ball.


 The ball was made of black, white, and grey, it resembled a map and was showing a life-like scene of the battlefield.


 In the map, the incomplete Profound Ice House was a white dot in the center, surrounded by darkness, they were all soul beasts. The hidden Gu worms were around the countless soul beasts, they were shining like stars, having very clear locations.


 Wisdom path immortal killer move — Distinct Map!


 Xie Shu Fang breathed in deeply, she stretched out her finger and pointed at the map.


 She used her index finger and thumb to grab onto a hidden spot, by exerting some strength, she squeezed.


 The immortals only heard a soft cracking sound, like something had shattered.


 Immediately after, Xie Shu Fang’s fingers grinded, when she took out her hand, the Gu worms at the hidden spot were destroyed.


 At once, the immortals gasped.


 Xie Shu Fang’s wisdom path killer move could bypass Profound Ice House and attack the outside world, with such precision. The soul beasts outside could do nothing to stop it, it was incredible!


 Even Fang Yuan found it eye-opening.


 This female immortal, Xie Shu Fang, might have a terrible attitude towards Fang Yuan, but she was called Master Xie by Shark Demon, she truly had some abilities.


 Even though Fang Yuan had the advantage in terms of a good wisdom path inheritance and could surpass Bo Dan, Lu Tan Xin and Ninth Ghost Finger, against a wisdom path Gu Immortal like Xie Shu Fang, he was lacking by a lot.


 Eventually, Xie Shu Fang used this distinct map killer move and destroyed most of the hidden Gu worms, capturing an Immortal Gu in the process.


 When she took out this Immortal Gu from distinct map, the other Gu Immortals were all shocked.


 After losing one Immortal Gu, fighting soul battlefield broke down rapidly, the remaining Immortal Gu and mortal Gu disappeared quickly, retreating on their own.


 Countless soul beasts growled, as they growled, they attacked relentlessly for the final time.


 Profound Ice House was after all an Immortal Gu House, it resisted the soul beasts’ frenzied attacks until the end.


 Eventually, the soul beast army disintegrated along with the battlefield killer move, Shark Demon and the others finally obtained victory.


 But soon, they fell into another battlefield killer move.


 “Heavens, how many battlefield killer moves are there in this Yu Lu blessed land?” Bo Dan held his head in desperation.


 After the fighting soul battlefield, the immortals went into another new battlefield killer move — Eight Doors Labyrinth.


 In this battlefield killer move, the sky and ground were all orange, other than eight huge doors around them, there was nothing else.


 But even the best wisdom path Gu Immortal, Xie Shu Fang, showed a difficult expression, she reminded them: “Be careful. This eight doors labyrinth is used specially to trap enemies, even though it does not have the killing nature of fighting soul battlefield, it is harder to deal with.”


 Nobody had any rebuttal.


 Eight doors labyrinth was very famous in history, when Gu Immortals were trapped inside, they would lose their sense of direction to a huge extent.


 Furthermore, each of these eight doors would only allow one life form inside.


 After entering, the door would disappear.


 That was to say, the eight doors before Shark Demon and gang meant that they only had eight chances to explore it.


 After entering the door, the Gu Immortals would need to fight alone with any help, there were no other Gu Immortals to help them.


 “Rumors says that after entering the door, Gu Immortals will end up in a second area, and make another choice out of eight doors. In the eight doors labyrinth, there are eight areas, each area has eight doors. There is only one correct path however, choosing the wrong path would just be going in circles. This is a classic labyrinth battlefield, it is very powerful at trapping people. Without a wisdom path Gu Immortal skilled at deductions, there is no way to unravel it. Gu Immortals skilled at fighting cannot progress through this, they might even be trapped inside until they die.” Xie Shu Fang sighed.


 Even though she was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, she was not skilled in deductions.


 The immortal killer move distinct map earlier had already exposed her foundation, she was a wisdom path Gu Immortal skilled at investigation and long ranged attacks, she was more of a battle type.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path inheritance was good at deductions, but he did not even have the most basic star thought Immortal Gu. One couldn’t cook a meal without the ingredients, this was a very awkward state.


 “This is only the first area, we can still retreat.” Xie Shu Fang reminded.


 In the earlier battlefield killer move, they could probe it. But against eight doors labyrinth, Gu Immortals would be risking their lives to investigate it, they could not even probe it from outside.


 “Yu Lu blessed land’s battlefield killer moves are getting harder to deal with. We should be close to completely taking it down?” Shark Demon sighed, he wisely chose to retreat.


 Using Profound Ice House, the immortals charged out and left Yu Lu blessed land.


 This time, even though Shark Demon and the others unraveled fighting soul battlefield, they paid a huge price, it was a pitiful victory.


 The one that benefited the most was Xie Shu Fang.


 She obtained an Immortal Gu as compensation, she was overjoyed.



***
Chapter 906 - Yellow Spring Sea Area, Undying Kingdom


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 They had unraveled fighting soul battlefield, but because of the battlefield killer move eight doors labyrinth, Shark Demon and the group had no choice but to temporarily retreat from Yu Lu blessed land.


 After parting with the other wisdom path Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng followed Shark Demon and Su Bai Man to shark sea where they were hosted to a banquet.


 “Brother Xing Xiang, I wonder how much assurance you have in deciphering eight doors labyrinth?” In the banquet, Shark Demon asked.


 Fang Yuan’s expression slightly changed as he heavily shook his head: “I am ashamed, I don’t have the least bit of assurance.”


 “Even you don’t have any assurance?” Su Bai Man said with disappointment.


 Fang Yuan mumbled: “If I could refine a certain wisdom path Immortal Gu, I would have thirty percent assurance. Unfortunately, although I have been trying with all my efforts to gather the immortal materials, I am still far away from the standard to refine Immortal Gu. Refining Immortal Gu is... really hard!”


 Shark Demon’s eyes slightly brightened at Fang Yuan’s words, but soon dimmed.


 He had cooperated with Xing Xiang Zi not only once, and knew ins and outs of Fang Yuan; Fang Yuan indeed lacked wisdom path immortal killer moves.


 While unraveling the battlefield killer move this time, Shark Demon also learned several things.


 Big Bag Lu Tan Xin and the demonic path Gu Immortal Ninth Ghost Finger could not match Fang Yuan in wisdom path methods. There was no need to even mention Bo Dan. Xie Shu Fang, on the contrary, was truly skilled, far surpassing Fang Yuan, but she was a righteous path Gu Immortal and not to mention that she could not fit in with Shark Demon’s group, her appetite was too big.


 In this trip, Shark Demon and the group did not even get anything, but Xie Shu Fang obtained an Immortal Gu, gaining the biggest profit.


 No matter how open-minded Shark Demon was, he felt extreme loss from losing an Immortal Gu.


 Although they unraveled fighting soul battlefield, they held a poor impression of Xie Shu Fang, it was only that they suppressed it and did not mention it. With Shark Demon’s personality, he would get back at her for this, sooner or later.


 Fang Yuan was observing Shark Demon’s expression, seeing the latter’s eyes brighten before dimming, he sighed and said gently: “I won’t hide it from the two of you, my wisdom path inheritance is complete, if I have that wisdom path Immortal Gu, I can use several powerful immortal killer moves and my strength will definitely rise greatly. Even if I can’t match Xie Shu Fang, the gap won’t be too big.”


 Shark Demon nodded and talked about other things, not continuing this topic.


 Fang Yuan had not fully expressed himself before he was interrupted, but how could Shark Demon not understand Fang Yuan’s meaning?


 ‘The hidden implication of Xing Xiang Zi’s words is to make me sponsor him in refining that wisdom path Immortal Gu. But I will suffer greatly in this transaction, it is okay if the refinement succeeds, but if it fails, all the investment would be gone to waste, that will just be adding to my misfortunes.’


 Shark Demon pondered, and denied the thought of helping Fang Yuan refine Immortal Gu.


 In fact, the pressure on him recently was huge.


 To invade Yu Lu blessed land, he and Su Bai Man had invested large amounts of energy and wealth, but up to this point, there were few results. On this attempt too, they had paid quite a lot to invite three wisdom path assistants.


 Even if Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were veteran experts with deep foundations, their accumulation was showing signs of being exhausted right now.


 Refining Immortal Gu might just be sending themselves into a bottomless pit. Unless it was the only choice left, Shark Demon absolutely would not choose this option.


 Fang Yuan felt slight regret about Shark Demon’s stance, but he had already predicted it and did not feel any disappointment.


 He had used up most of his immortal essence stones to relocate the blessed land. With his current financial ability, he required a long time before he could gather enough immortal materials for refining star thought Immortal Gu.


 “It doesn’t matter that Shark Demon did not take the bait, the main thing is still to join Zombie Alliance.” Fang Yuan did not forget his current main goal.


 Shark Demon also wanted Fang Yuan to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 The reason?


 Because once Fang Yuan joined Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, he would be on Shark Demon and Su Bai Man’s side. Like this, with Zombie Alliance’s alliance restrictions, Shark Demon could more conveniently and more assuredly use Fang Yuan the next time they attacked Yu Lu blessed land.


 This would be of great help to Shark Demon’s present development plan.


 Helping Xing Xiang Zi was helping himself, so after the shark fishing banquet, Shark Demon brought Fang Yuan to Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters.


 Two days later.


 Shark Demon and Fang Yuan were flying quickly.


 “This is yellow spring sea area.” Shark Demon pointed at the sea below, and introduced.


 In fact, there was no need for his indication, as Fang Yuan was already looking at the special sea below him.


 The seawater of the yellow spring sea area was yellow in color, like the sea was mixed with dirt and sand. Waves billowed, moving up and down the sea.


 But in fact, there was no sand floating on the yellow spring sea area, the seawater by itself had a light yellow color.


 “Yellow spring sea area is an extremely special sea area. As you get closer to the center of the sea area, you will find there are no living creatures, this is the largest zombie farming area in the five regions.” Shark Demon introduced.


 Fang Yuan nodded and used investigative methods, his vision increased sharply, penetrating the sea surface towards the depths.


 He saw countless skeletons floating inside the sea, large numbers of zombie fish groups, zombie cuttlefish, jellyfish, sea turtles, and so on, moving in the sea, and constantly fighting each other.


 In the seabed lived grayish white decomposed corals which gave off intense stenches that pervaded the surrounding seawater. Strands of seaweed, drifting with the water flow, were deathly pale, like nooses used to hang people.


 “Over these two days, we used four undercurrents, and flew for a day and half, going past ten sea areas before we reached this yellow spring sea area where Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters lies. Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance is indeed the main headquarters of the zombie alliances over the five regions, to be able to grasp such a large territory in Eastern Sea.” Fang Yuan sincerely exclaimed.


 Shark Demon laughed heartily: “The Zombie Alliance branches in the other four regions are weaker, but this here in Eastern Sea is the headquarters of Zombie Alliance, it is powerful and prosperous, and can surpass other super forces. Brother Xing Xiang, joining this powerful force is a sensible decision!”


 Different from Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s Dark Flow Giant City, Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance possessed a public blessed land which they used as their headquarters.


 This public blessed land, located in the center of the yellow spring sea area, was known as the ‘Undying Kingdom’ in the world of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 Under Shark Demon’s guidance, Fang Yuan smoothly entered Undying Kingdom blessed land.


 Unlike Fang Yuan’s estimation, Undying Kingdom blessed land was a scene full of life, filled with the twittering of birds and fragrance of flowers.


 This formed a stark contrast with the death energy and putrefaction of immortal zombies.


 “Since immortal zombies are already among the living dead, their immortal apertures turns into dead lands, how could you raise such a large public blessed land? Could it be from the blessed lands of living Gu Immortals members of Zombie Alliance?” Fang Yuan was puzzled.


 Shark Demon laughed: “Xing Xiang Zi, you can be at ease. Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has never forcibly demanded any living Gu Immortal, that wants to join Zombie Alliance, to offer a part of their immortal aperture. Naturally, Zombie Alliance encourages you to offer part of your blessed land by providing large amounts of rewards. You will see this once you look at the assignments in the inner hall.”


 “Most of the Undying Kingdom blessed land still came from immortal zombies. Or to put it more accurately, it came from those old Gu Immortals whose lifespan is ending and are planning to turn into immortal zombies to prolong their lives, or for various other reasons. Do you know why this blessed land is called Undying Kingdom? It is because Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has unique methods to merge pieces of blessed lands to preserve and maintain their vitality.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened, showing an extremely interested expression.


 Shark Demon was observing his expression, and laughed: “Xing Xiang Zi, are you also interested in this method? Hehehe, that’s right. Our Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has already gained some success from countless predecessors’ studies and accumulations — on how to maintain the vitality of the immortal aperture while not causing any change to the immortal zombie body.”


 Fang Yuan’s heart thumped loudly, he had always been thinking of how to revive and get rid of his immortal zombie body.


 Why?


 It was because an immortal zombie’s immortal aperture was a dead land and had no potential to progress in cultivation.


 However, now, as Fang Yuan heard Shark Demon’s words, his thoughts towards reviving had another change.


 ‘The reason I am trying to be free of an immortal zombie body and revive is for my immortal aperture to be full of life and to progress in cultivation. But if I could truly maintain the vitality of the immortal aperture as an immortal zombie, and have the possibility to improve, then wouldn’t it be making the best of both worlds?’


 To be an immortal zombie was to be among the living dead with no limit to lifespan, and could be considered as another form of longevity.


 Fang Yuan was using this advantage to continuously step into the wisdom light halo, greatly improving his capabilities.


 But if Fang Yuan revived into a living person, his lifespan would sharply reduce under the light of wisdom and he would only be able to use wisdom Gu for a number of times.


 The immortal zombie body had advantages and disadvantages.


 But even if Fang Yuan had wisdom Gu, the disadvantages still outweighed the advantages.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had been looking for a way to revive all along.


 ‘If I can truly maintain my immortal zombie body and still revive my immortal aperture to advance my cultivation, this would be the best option for me. But right now, it seems that although Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has made remarkable achievements in this aspect, they are still a great distance from perfecting it. If they truly had this method, Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance would already have been dominating Eastern Sea. The five regions would also not have the current structure.’


 After Fang Yuan calmed down, he speculated the truths of Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 “All humans are mortal, they will have a day where their lifespan ends. Brother Xing Xiang, after you join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, you can contribute to the alliance and use these contributions to exchange for this research result.” Shark Demon smiled as he patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


 Fang Yuan nodded with a fervent expression on his face, but his mind was calm and knew Shark Demon was simply trying to entice him.


 Fang Yuan had joined Northern Plains Zombie Alliance and already understood that to exchange for such a level of research results, the contribution to the alliance must be extremely big.


 Shark Demon brought Fang Yuan to the center of the Undying Kingdom.


 Over there existed a mountain range carved from skeletons, and on the tens of mountains lay tens of palaces or halls.


 Shark Demon led Fang Yuan to a hall.


 After a long while, Fang Yuan and Shark Demon walked out of the hall. Fang Yuan now had an identity token and also information path mortal Gu used to transmit all sorts of information to and from Zombie Alliance.


 With Shark Demon’s guidance, Fang Yuan smoothly became a member of Zombie Alliance.



***
Chapter 907 - Interacting with Song clan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Compared to the first time when Fang Yuan joined Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, it was much easier this time to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 Originally, Fang Yuan was afraid that his identity would get exposed, after all, there were several rank eight immortal zombies guarding Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 Because of this, Fang Yuan had used the light of wisdom in Hu Immortal blessed land and expended a large number of star thoughts to fuse star mark Immortal Gu into the killer move vaguely familiar face.


 With Eat Strength, Change Form, and Star Mark, three Immortal Gu as the cores, it was much more realistic when Fang Yuan transformed into a star path Gu Immortal or a star path desolate beast.


 But this time, when he joined Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, Fang Yuan did not see a single rank eight Gu Immortal, even the inspection towards his Xing Xiang Zi identity was only a formality.


 “The reason for this, other than the busy schedule of rank eight Gu Immortals, should be that Shark Demon has a high status in Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance. Living Gu Immortals cannot become higher-ups of Zombie Alliance, the reason should be because Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has a huge force, it has enough confidence and foundation.” Fang Yuan analyzed secretly.


 Seven days later.


 Bee sea.


 Countless bee groups emerged from the water, landing on the boat flowers floating on the sea.


 During May in Eastern Sea, the surface of bee sea would have ripples that carried countless boat flowers that floated over.


 These flowers were in vibrant colors, they were as large as small boats, they were like scrolls that spread out in the sea of flowers.


 Bee sea was a sea area that was connected to flower sea.


 There were large numbers of water bees living in bee sea, this special type of bee could only fly temporarily, they were more skilled at swimming in the sea freely.


 During May each year, countless boat flowers would flow along with the waves, arriving at bee sea area, it was the only opportunity for the water bees to collect nectar.


 In the air of this sea, Fang Yuan, Shark Demon and the others got into a formation, as they underwent an intense negotiation with Song clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Eventually, after thirty minutes, the two sides came to an agreement after coming to terms.


 Song Yi Shi and the others no longer pursued Xing Xiang Zi’s wrongdoings. Even though Xing Xiang Zi did not do it on purpose, it was still a mistake, not only did he have to apologize, he even had to compensate Song Yi Shi six hundred immortal essence stones. Xing Xiang Zi could not pay everything in one go, so he could have six installments for it. He could pay a hundred immortal essence stones first, followed by a hundred and twenty on the second installment, and a hundred and forty immortal essence stones on the third...


 According to the agreement, if he were to pay in batches, Fang Yuan would definitely make greater losses.


 Thus, after they came to an agreement, Fang Yuan borrowed a sum of immortal essence stones from Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Shark Demon, getting a total of six hundred and passing it to Song Yi Shi.


 Song Yi Shi’s expression was dark, she received these immortal essence stones as she stared at Fang Yuan angrily, she said coldly: “Apologize!”


 Fang Yuan was a person who could give in if needed to, he smiled bitterly and apologized earnestly: “I did not intend to offend Fairy Yi Shi, to have angered a beauty, I truly deserve death, please forgive me!”


 “Then why don’t you go and die?” Song Yi Shi interjected.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “If I had seen Fairy Yi Shi’s body fully, I would deserve to die a thousand deaths. But fairy should know, the mist in the hot spring is thick, you also used an isolation immortal killer move, how could I see anything?”


 Song Yi Shi snorted, she was extremely clear of the situation then, she had no defenses set up at the bottom of the volcano, how could she have any immortal killer move. Even if there was mist, Song Yi Shi had gotten rid of them in advance, she did not like to have her vision obstructed.


 But Song Yi Shi did not argue against Fang Yuan’s bullshit.


 Even if this ‘lecherous and shameless’ old man had seen her entire body, Song Yi Shi had to deny it and refuse to acknowledge it.


 The two Gu Immortals from Song clan had a dazed expression, they even secretly pitied this Xing Xiang Zi. Fang Yuan had explained it clearly, the truth was, after this matter was exposed, Song clan had inspected Li clan village thoroughly.


 This undercurrent had only been formed in the last few years. And because Song Yi Shi did not inspect the bottom of her volcano clearly, such a loophole was formed.


 Xing Xiang Zi only took a look, and because of the thick mist, he could not see anything, but he had to compensate six hundred immortal essence stones, this was simply too much of a price to pay.


 In the end, it was all because Song clan was a super force with a large foundation. If Xing Xiang Zi offended anyone else, it would have been fine, but he actually looked at Song Yi Shi, even though she herself was not an issue, she was backed by the first supreme elder of Song clan, Song Qi Yuan!


 If not for Shark Demon negotiating in this matter on behalf of Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, if not for Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance being stronger than Song clan, Fang Yuan would not have been able to pay merely six hundred immortal essence stones to settle this matter.


 “Xing Xiang Zi, even though this matter is over, I don’t want to see you appear in front of me ever again!” Song Yi Shi said harshly before flying away.


 The other two Gu Immortals from Song clan had a milder attitude, they cupped their fists politely: “Lord Shark Demon, Lady Su Bai Man, farewell.”


 “Take care.” Shark Demon replied.


 At this point, the incident was resolved.


 Shark Demon invited Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng to Shark Sea again as guests.


 But Fang Yuan rejected him, he told Shark Demon that he wanted to see if there were any lucrative missions in Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance that could make use of his expertise, in order to earn immortal essence stones and settle his debt.


 Shark Demon sensed Fang Yuan’s ‘dejection’ and consoled him, saying that Zombie Alliance had a loose structure and would not restrict his freedom.


 Fang Yuan’s acting was on point, he made Shark Demon believe that he was really a lone cultivator that was very bent on having freedom.


 Since Fang Yuan rejected them, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man did not force him. This couple also needed time to prepare for the next invasion of Yu Lu blessed land.


 After parting with Shark Demon, Fang Yuan actually took some deduction missions from Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance. He was a vigilant person, he had to finish the act, he would not leave flaws in such details.


 Fang Yuan had a mission token, and an information path mortal Gu for communication, it was easy to accept missions, he did not need to head to Undying Kingdom blessed land personally.


 In fact, Fang Yuan did not intend to enter Undying Kingdom blessed land personally ever again. After all, there were rank eight immortal zombies staying on guard there, against such great experts, even though Fang Yuan had the killer move vaguely familiar face, he was not confident in it.


 “Even though I spent six hundred immortal essence stones, as long as I can get into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance successfully, it will be worth it. Now, I have to wait for Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance to release some missions regarding Northern Plains. For example, information collecting in Northern Plains, or a mission to inspect the Northern Plains branch of Zombie Alliance.” Fang Yuan planned.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was going very smoothly, at this point, he just needed to wait.


 Next, Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel and returned to Hu Immortal blessed land. He and Tai Bai Yun Sheng parted ways, he used Landscape as Before to pave the way and make friends in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 Using the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan spent a short amount of time to finish all of the deduction missions that he had taken from Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.


 If it was in the past, these deduction missions would have taken him much of the month, but now Fang Yuan only used several days.


 Fang Yuan was gradually feeling his wisdom path attainment increasing.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had undergone turmoil, torture, glory, falling from grace, all of these had turned him into a strategist, he was adept at plotting against people, this made Fang Yuan very compatible with the cultivation of wisdom path.


 Furthermore, with a high quality wisdom path inheritance, and the rank nine wisdom Gu, could Fang Yuan’s wisdom path not improve drastically?


 After completing these missions, Fang Yuan did not turn them in. This speed was too shocking, it was not on the level of attainment that he had revealed to them.


 As for the immortal essence stones that Fang Yuan owed Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Shark Demon, he was not worried.


 Fang Yuan could choose not to pay back the debt to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, as for Shark Demon, he could return it in a few days time.


 Guts Gu had greater demand than supply, it was still selling like hot cakes, his other businesses were also progressing smoothly.


 Even though he had caused the four sources of revenue in Star Form blessed land to be damaged when he relocated it, Fang Yuan’s monthly profits still reached a thousand immortal essence stones!


 But in spite of this, Fang Yuan still lacked money.


 Be it the reform in Star Form blessed land, or the refinement of star thought Immortal Gu, they needed funds, huge amounts of funds!


 Other than that, there was also the feeding of Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan needed to feed the large number of Immortal Gu that he had. If they died from hunger, his loss would be too great.


 Finding lifespan Gu, reeducating Fang Zheng, interrogating the captives, building the fourth Fang Yuan stone nest, improving his immortal killer moves, learning new wisdom path techniques for the next invasion of Yu Lu blessed land, buying Gu worms, buying strength path desolate beasts and desolate plants, buying the experience and knowledge of nurturing hairy men, investigating the spring dream fruit tree... all of these matters were complicated, Fang Yuan needed to settle them.


 Even though the immortal zombie body did not require the rest ordinary humans needed, Fang Yuan still felt that he had insufficient time.


 Fang Yuan understood his own predicament clearly. One day, the fact that he was the culprit behind the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would be exposed.


 He had to use this period of time to grow as much as he could, to get rid of the weaknesses that he had.


 Fang Yuan would love to split up his time, or even split himself into two and work. While he was busy with his tasks, Fang Yuan also observed the situation in the outside world.


 He put less focus on Western Desert and Southern Border.


 Central Continent was still being affected by the Refinement Path Convention’s lingering effect.


 As for Northern Plains, after Old Ancestor Xue Hu defeated Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, there appeared to be peace and quiet. But Fang Yuan had joined the battle to defend Lang Ya, he knew that Old Lord Can Yang and the other Central Continent investigators were here, thus, even though Northern Plains seemed calm, Fang Yuan could feel the intense undercurrents stirring in the dark.


 As for Eastern Sea, the current most popular news was about Song clan and other super forces fighting for the control of Ascending Heaven Plain.


 A few days later.


 Western Desert.


 Fang Yuan changed his appearance and did a transaction with Xiao clan’s Gu Immortal.


 “These are the goods this time, check them.” Fang Yuan took out the regretful spiders.


 This time, the Xiao clan Gu Immortal was Xiao Shi Rang, he had a stable personality and was quite wise, he was known as Xiao clan’s brains and brawn duo along with Xiao Hu Chi.


 Xiao Shi Rang inspected it and nodded in satisfaction: “There are no issues, take this!”


 He tossed a sum of immortal essence stones towards Fang Yuan.


 But now was different, other than immortal essence stones, there was also a token, and an information path mortal Gu!


 This was Xiao clan’s transaction token!



***
Chapter 908 - Opportunity After Causing Chaos


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “It has been a very good experience doing business with you. Our Xiao clan hopes to continue the transactions of regretful spiders for as long as possible. The token in your hand is Xiao clan’s transaction token. Sir, with this token, you are now Xiao clan’s trading partner and can enjoy a lot of preferential policies. The details are recorded in the information path mortal Gu. Naturally, you can refuse this token as well.” Xiao Shi Rang said.


 Fang Yuan accepted this token rather happily.


 In fact, he was trading with Xiao clan not only to earn immortal essence stones from selling regretful spiders to Xiao clan, but also for this transaction token.


 Among the five regions, Western Desert was the most developed in commerce.


 Every super force would issue their respective transaction token. But Xiao clan’s transaction token was the one with the most value.


 The reason was Xiao clan and Tian clan engaged in business the most among all the super forces in Western Desert, with the highest numbers of trading partners. Fang Yuan wanted to enter Western Desert’s market, and it could be easily done with Xiao clan’s transaction token, and he could also get along well with other trading partners of Xiao clan.


 Naturally, this had its demerits as well.


 Xiao clan and Tian clan were the biggest competitors, accepting Xiao clan’s transaction token meant being close to Xiao clan, as such, it would be difficult for Fang Yuan to do business with Tian clan and Gu Immortals who possessed Tian clan’s transaction token.


 “With this transaction token, I can officially engage in the trade of dragonfish and eerie fire dragon pythons. My profit every month will pass one thousand immortal essence stones. When I restore other resources, my earnings every month will be close to two thousand!”


 Fang Yuan did not conceal his joy, accepting this token with a smile.


 Xiao Shi Rang also smiled.


 As far as Xiao Shi Rang was concerned, Fang Yuan was extremely mysterious, ever since Fang Yuan appeared, Xiao clan had repeatedly undertaken investigations, but could not find out Fang Yuan’s identity. However, Fang Yuan did not hesitate at all when accepting Xiao clan’s transaction token, this action meant being closer to Xiao clan, and Xiao Shi Rang naturally expressed more goodwill.


 With the transaction token, Fang Yuan started roaming around Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world for the next few days.


 The path was clear with the help of transaction token, even if it was the first meeting, Fang Yuan was able to smoothly make several deals involving dragonfish and eerie fire dragon pythons. Most of these deals were short term transactions, and only one or two were long term deals.


 But Fang Yuan believed that as time went on and the number of transactions increased, these long term deals would keep on increasing in number and become more stable.


 With a joyous mood, Fang Yuan left Western Desert. But when he stepped into Hu Immortal blessed land, he received shocking information.


 “What? Song Yi Shi actually flattened that island where Li clan village lived, in a fit of anger?!”


 Originally, the competition for Ascending Heaven Plain had gotten more intense, at first, it was only three clans fighting for dominance, but when the situation turned into a stalemate, many other forces and Gu Immortals joined in, looking to get some benefits.


 During this course of events, Song Yi Shi ran into a female demonic path Gu Immortal, Seven Seas Snake Woman, who ridiculed and slandered her, saying how her body was only worth six hundred immortal essence stones.


 Song Yi Shi’s mood sank to the depths, and after returning, in a fit of anger, she went to that nameless island and massacred all the mortals and beasts on the island. She then caused a tsunami and submerged the whole island repeatedly five or six times. Naturally, no one on this nameless island survived.


 To others, this was not a matter worth mentioning, thus Fang Yuan’s shock would be strange from most people’s perspective.


 “Now what happens to Li Xiao Yao? Originally, Song Yi Shi and Li Xiao Yao were a famous couple, but now because of me, Song Yi Shi massacred all of Li Xiao Yao’s ancestors, isn’t that like killing Li Xiao Yao?”


 The prominent and powerful Li Xiao Yao from his previous life had no chance to take the limelight in history now.


 “Such a pity, I had intended to connect luck with Li Xiao Yao in the future. He was also a rather lucky person.” Fang Yuan sighed inwardly, Eastern Sea’s future structure had changed considerably because of him.


 And how far this change would spread to affect other matters, Fang Yuan also did not know.


 Several days later, an event occurred that shocked Fang Yuan even more!


 “What, Starry Sky grotto-heaven shattered and countless grotto-heaven fragments are falling down like meteors, causing forces of all sizes and countless Gu Immortals to fight for them?!”


 Fang Yuan was speechless.


 According to his previous life’s memories, the event of Starry Sky grotto-heaven shattering and falling down was supposed to happen hundreds of years later!


 How could it have happened so early in this life?


 “Is it because of me? I picked up benefits from Star Lord Wan Xiang and Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei, and led to immortal zombie Seven Star Child to awaken from the dream realm, causing Shi Lei to be trapped in the grotto-heaven and having no choice but to request support from Combat Immortal Sect. Seven Star Child had to fight against Combat Immortal Sect, but despite having the territorial advantage, Combat Immortal Sect is a colossal force which made Seven Star Child feel the situation was far from good, deciding to detonate Starry Sky grotto-heaven and drag them down with him?”


 Fang Yuan’s speculation was completely right.


 In fact, it had happened like that.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Seven Star Child was trapped in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm for a long time without waking up. Although Star Lord Wan Xiang died, Shi Lei inherited this fortune, he did not report to the sect and secretly sneaked in every time the crack opened, and plundered the resources wantonly.


 However, in this life, after Fang Yuan awakened Seven Star Child, Shi Lei was faced with disaster, having to run around miserably from Seven Star Child, he had no choice but to give up on maintaining his face, seeking help from Combat Immortal Sect.


 In the end, Combat Immortal Sect could not forcibly suppress Seven Star Child.


 “Since I cannot have it, you can forget about obtaining it!” With this thought in mind, Seven Star Child detonated Starry Sky grotto-heaven and decisively stopped contesting with Combat Immortal Sect’s immortals.


 Thus, the grotto-heaven’s fragments fell down early to Central Continent’s land by two to three hundred years.


 Fang Yuan was left lost for words after he heard this news.


 “Northern Plains has already been turned into a mess by me, with the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and the destruction of Imperial Court blessed land. Eastern Sea has also changed, Li Xiao Yao is no more. Now, Central Continent is also experiencing a drastic change, Starry Sky grotto-heaven has collapsed before its time. According to this trend, Central Continent and Eastern Sea are going to change beyond all recognition!”


 Right now, the whole of Central Continent was shaken because of this event.


 Countless Gu Immortals, Gu Masters, super forces and other forces of all sizes were flocking towards the grotto-heaven’s fragment worlds.


 What Central Continent Refinement Path Convention? It was all thrown to the back of their minds.


 Fang Yuan could not help but smile bitterly at this.


 Starry Sky grotto-heaven had broken up at a very bad time, if it had collapsed two or three hundred years later, Fang Yuan could have gained considerable benefits.


 Because that time was when the five regions chaotic war began and dream realms manifested externally. Champions and warriors emerged endlessly, the old super forces would be busy with their own affairs, it was most beneficial to lone cultivators like Fang Yuan.


 However, at present, the five regions chaotic war was yet to start. Central Continent was dominated by Heavenly Court, and the ten great ancient sects firmly controlled the whole of Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan could foresee that this initial chaos would only last for a short period of time before the ten great ancient sects took control of the whole situation. The true beneficiaries would no doubt be them and Heavenly Court behind them.


 The development of the events went according to Fang Yuan’s prediction.


 The change in the situation was even quicker than Fang Yuan’s estimation! Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects stabilized the situation, quickly making an internal agreement and expelling all the other forces and Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan got a deep impression of the colossal forces that were the ten great ancient sects.


 “It is quite the pity regarding Starry Sky grotto-heaven, Seven Star Child, and that dream realm.” Fang Yuan sighed with regret.


 Starry Sky grotto-heaven was one of his long term plans, but now with this unforeseen event, this enormous benefit was missed by him.


 However, the next change in events was beyond Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 A letter from He Feng Yang came to Fang Yuan through hole earth Gu.


 In the letter, He Feng Yang, on behalf of Immortal Crane Sect, invited Fang Yuan to explore a fragment world of Starry Sky grotto-heaven!


 “Could it be?!” Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened sharply, the thought in his mind made him stand up in excitement, and laugh loudly.


 After laughing, Fang Yuan mumbled to himself: “I cannot be careless, although the likelihood of it being a trap is rather small, it is better to first investigate before replying...”


 Two days later, Fang Yuan came to a mountain valley in Central Continent.


 This nameless valley was extremely lacking in supplies and in no way was remarkable, but because a large fragment of Starry Sky grotto-heaven had fallen here, this valley was already surrounded by the allied forces of the ten great ancient sects, making a thousand li around it a forbidden zone.


 If other Gu Immortals stepped within this range, they would be killed without mercy!


 Fang Yuan also did not dare to move around recklessly. He Feng Yang personally came out to welcome him and led him inside the valley.


 There were over ten Gu Immortals, from the ten great ancient sects, guarding inside the valley.


 “Kid, don’t do anything stupid inside.”


 “Think about long term consequences, young man.”


 Seeing He Feng Yang lead Fang Yuan in, other Gu Immortals did not have nice expressions, they either threatened or advised.


 “Sir is Fang Yuan?” A white clothed female immortal came out of the group of immortals.


 “You are Fairy Bai Qing.” Fang Yuan’s focused his gaze slightly, as he bowed without changing his expression.


 Fairy Bai Qing nodded at Fang Yuan, speaking in a warm tone: “You are the person who my daughter often mentioned. In this contest now over the ownership of the grotto-heaven fragment, I hope you can be merciful, we will definitely repay you in the future.”


 Fang Yuan had traded guts Gu with Spirit Affinity House many times, but had not seen Fairy Bai Qing once.


 But now, as it concerned the safety of her daughter, Feng Jin Huang, Fairy Bai Qing had no choice but to appear personally and request Fang Yuan to give her some face.


 Fang Yuan had his own plan, and accepted without any hesitation: “Collaborating with your side has been a pleasant experience, Lady Bai Qing can be at ease.”


 Fairy Bai Qing nodded in satisfaction.


 Many other Gu Immortals snorted coldly.


 A cold gaze flashed past He Feng Yang’s eyes.


 “Go in. The others have already entered, your cultivation is the highest so you are the last one.” He Feng Yang said heavily.


 Fang Yuan nodded and moved forward.


 The scenery inside the valley was peculiar like a mirage, what looked like bushes were waves blue like the sea. The scene did not have boundaries in common with each other, resembling a broken picture that was abruptly put together.


 This was naturally not a mirage, but a grotto-heaven fragment world, the entrance was open, allowing it to be explored.


 Looking at Fang Yuan moving step by step inside, He Feng Yang could not put his heart at ease and reminded again: “Don’t forget that place I told you about, you must occupy it!”


 “No worries.” Fang Yuan waved his hand without turning back. Under everyone’s gazes, his body completely entered the grotto-heaven fragment.



***
Chapter 909 - Advantage of Having Lower Cultivation Level


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan looked over, seeing that the lake was shining in reflected light, the lake had a wide surface and was colored in many shades of blue.


 Once he entered Starry Sky grotto-heaven fragment world, he had landed in this blue lake.


 The lake had a huge surface area, there were several small islands near the center of the lake, growing with vegetation.


 Looking even further, beyond the blue lake, there were layers of mountain ridges, they were colored in indigo, gently mixing with the sky.


 Fang Yuan stood on the surface of the water like he was standing on the ground.


 From the perspective of a mortal Gu Master, this ability to stand on water was very impressive. But it was already as simple as breathing to Fang Yuan now.


 Before entering deep into the grotto-heaven fragment, Fang Yuan gave a final look below him.


 Only to see that below him, the blue lake cracked suddenly, like a cracked mirror, the surface of this lake was completely broken.


 Fang Yuan could see the outside world through this mirror, he saw that nameless valley in Central Continent, as well as the Gu Immortals’ figures, they were looking at Fang Yuan with complex gazes.


 Fang Yuan sneered internally, he turned around and leaped away from the lake, flying away.


 The Gu Immortals from the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent did not know that this was not the first time Fang Yuan had been inside Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 Starry Sky grotto-heaven was very unique, it had seven areas that were isolated, it was not like a normal grotto-heaven.


 Evidently, Starry Sky grotto-heaven had many space path dao marks, and they were all very special as well.


 There were many desolate beasts in Starry Sky grotto-heaven, there were even ancient desolate beasts, the zombie dragon guarding the eighth star hall, the walking meat tree, they left a deep impression on Fang Yuan.


 “But after such intense combat, coupled with Combat Immortal Sect’s looting, and Starry Sky grotto-heaven’s shattering, there must be very few desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts left in the fragment worlds. Right now, there are two desolate beasts and one desolate plant in this grotto-heaven fragment world.”


 Fang Yuan flew through the sky as he recalled the information that He Feng Yang had told him.


 These two desolate beasts and one desolate plant were a desolate beast dragonfish, hidden essence turtle and nether grass respectively.


 As long as one was a Gu Immortal, they knew of dragonfish, they were very commonly used as food for Immortal Gu. The overwhelming majority of mortal Gu could be fed with dragonfish meat if their specific food was of insufficient quantity, and a portion of the food for an Immortal Gu could be substituted with it. Of course, Immortal Gu were unique, their feeding requirements could be very bizarre, the effect of dragonfish was much lower. Furthermore, only desolate beast level dragonfish meat could be used for their food.


 “Among desolate beasts, the one with the lowest battle strength has to be the desolate beast dragonfish. According to rumors, dragonfish is not a species that originated normally from the world, it was a species artificially created via food path.”


 The hidden essence turtle was a rare wisdom path desolate beast. It had weird habits, when it matures, it would stay at one place and stop moving. As time passes, after countless years, moss would grow on its body, it would turn to stone and become a giant false hill. Because it could conceal its aura and could hide itself well, it was hard to find.


 Only when it senses a huge danger would it relocate, it would not stop until it finds a resting place in which it is satisfied. After that, it would stop and hide in its shell, enduring the weather, be it wind, rain, snow or so on, once again.


 If he could capture this desolate beast, it was much better than killing it.


 Hidden essence turtle was a wisdom path desolate beast, it had an inborn connection to wisdom path, it was a spirit beast of wisdom path. It had the natural ability to find a safe place to live in.


 Many wisdom path Gu Immortals would use the hidden essence turtle to help them when they encounter difficulties in deductions.


 Fang Yuan inherited Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, there was also a way to use a freshly killed hidden essence turtle shell to help in deductions.


 Evidently, capturing this hidden essence turtle was useful for Gu Immortals. Since it did not move and had strong defenses, Combat Immortal Sect did not attack it hastily.


 The nether grass was similar, it was rooted to the ground and could not move, it had little threat as long as one did not get close to it.


 A stalk of nether grass was very useful to a soul path Gu Immortal. And because nether grass contained large numbers of soul path dao marks, as time passed, it would influence the surroundings, a wide range surrounding the nether grass would become a breeding ground for soul path Gu worms.


 Nether grass had an immense effect to modify the environment of a blessed land or grotto-heaven.


 So for the same reason, Combat Immortal Sect did not take this nether grass, keeping it until now. But they did not expect Seven Star Child to be so resolute, he would rather drag everyone down with him, causing Starry Sky grotto-heaven to shatter and fall.


 This situation was already out of Combat Immortal Sect’s control, the fragment worlds of this Starry Sky grotto-heaven became the point of negotiation for the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, they decided on certain timings and entered to harvest the resources within.


 He Feng Yang represented Immortal Crane Sect and before entering the grotto-heaven fragment world, he gave Fang Yuan several missions.


 Three of them were regarding the dragonfish, nether grass, and hidden essence turtle.


 “If you can capture all three of them alive, that would be best. According to the agreement, you can get one-third of the value of what you obtain.” He Feng Yang told Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan was a subordinate of Immortal Crane Sect on paper, this was not the case, as a person directly involved, He Feng Yang was very aware of this.


 Thus, he knew that in order to get him to work hard, he could only arouse Fang Yuan’s interest through benefits.


 Even though Fang Yuan was only a rank six bottom tier immortal zombie, he had a huge advantage against these three desolate beasts or plants.


 Because Fang Yuan not only had his own Immortal Gu, he also had the Immortal Gu that Immortal Crane Sect had specially lent to him.


 Having Immortal Gu was a completely different level of battle strength compared to not having Immortal Gu.


 Even though the dragonfish, hidden essence turtle, and nether grass were very strong beings, they did not have Immortal Gu.


 If they did, they would be walking treasure troves, Gu Immortals would have attacked already, be it Seven Star Child immortal zombie, or Combat Immortal Sect, how could they not strike?


 Normally speaking, inside grotto-heavens and blessed lands, there were no wild Immortal Gu.


 Because once a wild Immortal Gu was formed, the Gu Immortal would take them away for their own use.


 After all, leaving a wild Immortal Gu behind had no benefits to the blessed land, it would instead cause the Gu Immortal’s control of the blessed land or grotto-heaven to fall. If the desolate beast rampages, that would be problematic.


 Furthermore, Starry Sky grotto-heaven’s owner, Seven Star Child, had awoken long ago, as the owner, how could he not know if there were wild Immortal Gu?


 Even if Seven Star Child was kept busy and had no time, Starry Sky grotto-heaven was attacked by Combat Immortal Sect, they had searched thoroughly. Unless it was a very special Immortal Gu and could conceal itself well, it would not be there up until this point.


 “According to the map, the dragonfish is here in this blue lake, near the small island at the center of the lake.”


 Fang Yuan flew in the sky, his gaze shined, his greatest interest among the three was in the desolate beast dragonfish.


 Of course, dragonfish lived together in large numbers.


 Around the desolate beast dragonfish, there were many mortal dragonfish.


 These were all an enticing fortune to Fang Yuan.


 “To think that I would have my second desolate beast dragonfish so quickly. Hmm, since I can take one third of the gains, I will choose the dragonfish.” Fang Yuan thought of this and felt a bit of joy internally.


 Meanwhile, on a small island on the blue lake, a group of Gu Masters from Heaven’s Envy Manor were looking at the lake in front of them with much annoyance.


 There were five people in this group, almost all of them had rank five cultivation, except one young Gu Master who was at rank four peak stage.


 This youngster was called Wei Wu Shang, he was the head of the elite disciples that represented Heaven’s Envy Manor.


 He was infatuated with Fairy Bi Xia and had once fought with Fang Zheng, but lost. Fang Zheng gave him some face and admitted it was a draw. Since he kept his reputation, he had a sense of gratitude towards Fang Zheng, feeling like he owed the latter a favor.


 He was originally rank four middle stage, but in this contest for resources, Heaven’s Envy Manor took action to specially raise his cultivation level to rank four peak stage.


 On one hand, they were training the next generation of disciples, they were the hopes of the future, on the other hand, they were lacking in manpower.


 Just now, to explore all the fragments of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had engaged in fierce competition.


 Seven Star Child was very ruthless, he self-detonated Starry Sky grotto-heaven, but he controlled the explosion very well. Almost no Gu Immortals could enter the fragment worlds, only their disciples could enter and explore it.


 As has been mentioned before, these grotto-heaven fragment worlds had sparse dao marks, they were torn and broken, like houses that were going to collapse, they could only exist for a period of time.


 Meanwhile, Gu Immortals had dao marks, they were like giants. Forcefully entering the fragment worlds was like giants entering a small house, the only result would be the house breaking and all the resources inside being destroyed.


 In his past life, Fang Yuan became a blood path Gu Immortal and created the Blood Wing Demon Sect. When Starry Sky grotto-heaven was destroyed, he also directed mortal Gu Masters in the demonic sect to enter the fragment worlds in place of him and search for resources.


 But now, why could Fang Yuan enter it?


 Speaking of this, he somewhat did not know whether to laugh or cry at the reason.


 It was because Fang Yuan had bottom tier cultivation level among Gu Immortals, he had few strength path dao marks in his body, and because of vaguely familiar face, he continued to lose strength path dao marks.


 One of the core Immortal Gu of vaguely familiar face was eat strength Immortal Gu. Changing the Gu Immortal’s regional aura involved using eat strength in reverse, to expend strength path dao marks.


 Even though he had the giant horned sheep and other strength path desolate beasts to increase his number of strength path dao marks, he had been disguising himself a lot recently, after summing up his gains and losses, there was a limit to how many strength path dao marks he could gain.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could enter while other Gu Immortals could not.


 He had just reached the upper limits of what the fragment world could stand, there were very few people who could be so pitiful in their cultivation level after becoming a Gu Immortal.


 Most importantly, because of his identity, Immortal Crane Sect could make use of him.


 This was a competition among the ten great ancient sects, if Fang Yuan was not a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect, he would be an outsider Gu Immortal, he would not be allowed to enter by the other sects.


 This was the righteous path.


 They paid close attention to rules.


 They were not like the demonic path, who looked at who had the bigger fist, by competing with force against force, or seeing who was more ruthless and despicable.


 The first rule of the demonic path was the absence of rules.



***
Chapter 910 - Grabbing the Dragonfish


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Damn this Ancient Soul Sect, they actually caused a commotion with the desolate beast dragonfish to obstruct us!”


 At this moment, on the small island at the center of the lake, the group from Heaven’s Envy Manor’s was trapped, they could not advance.


 In front of them, waves were rumbling, tides were rising, the water was grand and treacherous.


 The five Gu Masters from Heaven’s Envy Manor frowned tightly, looking at the lake, they felt anger and helplessness.


 Through the lake water, they could see vaguely that there was a huge monster swimming around in the depths of the lake.


 Each time the tail moved, currents would be created as huge tides surfaced.


 In fact, sometimes, its tough fish head would ram into the bottom of the small island.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Each time the dragonfish attacked, there would be a loud sound, followed by tremors below everyone’s feet.


 The people from Heaven’s Envy Manor were trapped on this small island, looking at the waves in front of them, their faces were pale, they were helpless, there was nothing they could do.


 Desolate beast dragonfish were usually peaceful and rarely went into a frenzy.


 But earlier, the Gu Masters from Ancient Soul Sect had used some method to make this desolate beast dragonfish go into madness, it was in a berserk and rampaging state, it had lost its mind and natural disposition.


 The Gu Masters from Heaven’s Envy Manor had the ability to climb mountains and move across bodies of water, but they were only mortals with limited primeval essence. Under the current situation, they could not move at all, it was too dangerous.


 “Ancient Soul Sect could actually influence the desolate beast dragonfish, they must have used an immortal technique from the sect! We of Heaven’s Envy Manor are also from one of the ten great ancient sects, we cannot lose to Ancient Soul Sect. Elder Zhu Ning, let’s use our immortal method as well!”


 While they were helpless, a Gu Master from Heaven’s Envy Manor couldn’t help but suggest this.


 Hearing that there was an immortal method, the other Gu Masters showed inspired expressions, light shining in their eyes.


 Elder Zhu Ning, who had the method frowned, he sighed bitterly: “If I could use it, I would have done so already, why would I wait until now?”


 He told everyone his difficulties.


 As it turned out, before this trip, Zhu Ning was called by a supreme elder and was entrusted with an Immortal Gu and some immortal essence.


 But this Immortal Gu was used for defense, it would not help in this situation to get rid of the dragonfish.


 “The sect gave you an Immortal Gu?”


 “What does the Immortal Gu look like, I have never seen one before!”


 “Quick, let us see it and broaden our visions.”


 Zhu Ning’s frank admission made everyone intensely curious. At once, they forget about the problem in front of them, they wanted to see the brilliance of the Immortal Gu.


 Zhu Ning smiled bitterly again: “I will speak honestly, I only took a hurried glance at this Immortal Gu before lord supreme elder placed it in my body. Right now, I don’t even know where the Immortal Gu is in my body, not to mention attempting to retrieve it.”


 Everyone was very disappointed, they sighed in unison.


 Only Wei Wu Shang’s eyes shined brightly, he said in admiration: “It would be great if I could obtain an Immortal Gu that belongs to me one day!”


 The other four old Gu Masters looked at Wei Wu Shang and either smiled bitterly or shook their heads.


 Wei Wu Shang was too young.


 Young people liked to dream, this was natural.


 But only after many experiences would they understand that dreams and reality were different, like these four old Gu Masters.


 Who would not want to have their own Immortal Gu, who would not want to become a high and mighty immortal?


 But immortal and mortal were worlds apart. Reality was cruel, countless people lost their youthfulness, countless people’s dreams were broken.


 How many people could really become immortals?


 The leader, Zhu Ning, sighed: “For now, we have no better way, we can only wait. When the dragonfish calms down, we will set off.”


 “But this way, the other nine sects will get all the good stuff. We will only have leftovers!” A Gu Master asked worriedly.


 “What else can we do?” Zhu Ning sighed, but he did not forget to raise the morale: “This is not entirely a bad thing. Let them go and compete first, we can take the chance for now to gather our strength. Even though Immortal Gu are incredibly powerful, they need corresponding immortal essence to activate. Their immortal essence will be limited, let them exhaust their resources in competing with each other, during the later stages, we will have more strength than them.”


 Once he said that, everyone’s expressions changed, their dejected moods recovered slightly.


 “However, I have something very important to remind you of.” Zhu Ning’s had a serious expression: “No matter how much strength we preserve, there are two people we cannot offend. One is Spirit Affinity House’s Feng Jin Huang, the other is Immortal Crane Sect’s Fang Yuan.”


 “Why? Feng Jin Huang and Fang Yuan are two geniuses of my generation, but each of them are only single individuals. Right now, us ten sects all have five members each, we all have mysterious immortal methods, why should we be afraid of those two?” Wei Wu Shang was unclear of the truth, he asked somewhat skeptically.


 “That is because you do not know the hidden details.” Zhu Ning’s gaze was heavy, he looked at the surrounding Gu Masters and said: “I learned about this shocking news from the sect before we came. Feng Jin Huang has a noble upbringing, her parents are both Gu Immortals, moreover, they are immensely powerful beings even among Gu Immortals. What shocking immortal methods do you think that such a person would have?”


 “So that’s it!” Wei Wu Shang was startled.


 The others also showed shocked expressions.


 Zhu Ning continued: “But compared to Feng Jin Huang, that Fang Yuan is even scarier!”


 “Don’t tell me his background is even greater than that of Feng Jin Huang?” Someone asked in suspicion.


 Zhu Ning frowned: “I am also not sure of the specific details, but the sect had specially told this to me, that Fang Yuan is far scarier than Feng Jin Huang, we should avoid him at all costs, we should not contest with him.”


 “Even though Fang Yuan is the number one genius of my generation, he’s not that scary, right?” Wei Wu Shang was suspicious.


 “Don’t tell me the immortal method that Immortal Crane Sect gave to him is the strongest among the ten sects?” The other Gu Masters tried to analyze.


 Zhu Ning shook his head: “I only know that Immortal Crane Sect sent Fang Yuan here alone, think about it, what does this mean?”


 “It seems that Immortal Crane Sect is very confident in Fang Yuan, they believe that with his strength alone, he can deal with all of us!”


 “Arrogant! They are looking down on us...”


 “Immortal Crane Sect are not fools, the sect also told us to avoid Fang Yuan, there seems to be reasons behind this. We should act according to the sect’s warnings.”


 “That is not necessarily the case, as the saying goes, two fists cannot rival four palms, even if Fang Yuan is the strongest, he would inevitably cause the other sects to collaborate in resistance. The result is still unknown.”


 The Gu Masters discussed.


 They talked one after another.


 Some were stable and conservative, some were indignant, some wanted to collaborate with other sects.


 Right at this moment, a shrill sound came from the sky.


 Everyone frowned, Wei Wu Shang even covered his ears.


 The five Gu Masters looked over and saw that in the sky, there was a figure tearing across space.


 This person was extremely fast, sonic booms could be heard as they traveled.


 In just a breath’s time, he flew over from a distance away.


 When he was above the small island, he stopped. He went from quick movement to extreme stillness, the five Gu Masters from Heaven’s Envy Manor felt this was very abrupt and sudden.


 “Who is it? He can fly at such a high altitude!”


 “So fast, is this a human or a monster?”


 “Looking at the person, it seems to be... Fang Yuan?”


 Everyone was shocked and subconsciously had their mouths open.


 The gusts of wind blew and entered their mouths, even forcing them to shut their eyes.


 This wind was created when Fang Yuan flew over, it was very strong.


 Fang Yuan stood in the air as he looked around.


 Huge waves, a small island, dragonfish, Gu Masters, he understood everything that was happening in an instant.


 He placed his attention on the dragonfish.


 There were five Gu Masters on the small island, they were not worth his attention at all.


 The wind was only a gust, it came and left swiftly.


 The five Gu Masters quickly opened their eyes, looking at Fang Yuan who was in the air, they were very nervous.


 “It seems that this dragonfish is rampaging due to the effects of a certain soul path or wisdom path technique.” Fang Yuan guessed as he stretched out his hand and made a grabbing motion in front of him.


 Boom!


 Under everyone’s shocked gazes, a strength path giant hand flew out and entered the water grandly.


 But the thing was, when the strength path giant hand entered the water, there were no waves that were created.


 Instead, the water split apart when the giant hand descended, it was as if the water in the lake was cooperating with Fang Yuan.


 This was the strength path Immortal Gu Pulling Water, it had taken effect after being fused into strength path giant hand.


 The water in the lake did not obstruct Fang Yuan in capturing the dragonfish, it became an aid instead.


 With the dragonfish rampaging and losing its senses, it did not try to escape, it made Fang Yuan’s attempting at capturing it easier.


 Roar!


 The dragonfish opened its mouth, emitting a dragon’s roar.


 On the two sides of the fish’s mouth, there were two long dragon whiskers, they were lashing around like whips.


 The entire fish body struggled intensely, but the strength path giant hand was stable like Mount Tai, it did not budge at all, like an iron structure.


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, the strength path giant hand grabbed and captured the dragonfish, pulling it out of the water.


 The five Gu Masters from Heaven’s Envy Manor were all dumbfounded, they were shocked and in despair at seeing the process of Fang Yuan capturing the dragonfish and putting it into his own immortal aperture.


 After capturing this desolate beast dragonfish, Fang Yuan was not satisfied, he turned towards the ordinary dragonfish.


 Dragonfish lived in groups, there were dragonfish all over this lake.


 This time, Fang Yuan activated pulling water Immortal Gu, lumps of water was pulled up, countless dragonfish that were inside the water were thrown into his immortal aperture.


 The group from Heaven’s Envy Manor were staring, still as statues.


 They would surely never forget this scene in their lives.


 Only until Fang Yuan finished his collection and flew away did these Gu Masters jolt to awareness.


 They were all covered in sweat, Wei Wu Shang was sprawled on the ground, sitting with his body limp and in shock.


 They had finally understood what their sect meant, and the helplessness they were feeling.


 “Dealing with such a person is beyond our abilities.”


 “Oh heavens, I was trying to collaborate with others to deal with Fang Yuan earlier?!”


 “Such overwhelming might, did he become an immortal already?!”


 Everyone was scared to pieces.


 The dragonfish was gone, they could continue on their journey now.


 But the scene earlier was simply too shocking for them, even though they did not move at all and were only looking, the Gu Masters from Heaven’s Envy Manor were breathing roughly, they felt extremely fatigued in both body and mind.



***
Chapter 911 - Contest of Dream Realm


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “About six hundred thousand ordinary dragonfish, and a desolate beast dragonfish.”


 Fang Yuan flew rapidly while calculating the profits in his immortal aperture.


 The first move he made after coming in this Starry Sky grotto-heaven fragment world gave him a huge harvest.


 The only blemish was a lot of ordinary dragonfish had died. Because of the desolate beast dragonfish’s rampage, many ordinary dragonfish that normally surrounded the desolate beast dragonfish died miserably.


 Otherwise, Fang Yuan’s gains would be even greater.


 Regardless, Fang Yuan was satisfied.


 Back then at Dong Fang tribe’s headquarters, he only gained around nine hundred thousand ordinary dragonfish and a desolate beast dragonfish. His current gains already were over half of this. If these were to be added to Hu Immortal blessed land’s dragon scale lake, its size would not be enough to contain these dragonfish.


 “When the truth of the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building comes to light, I must abandon Hu Immortal blessed land, so there is no need to expand the dragon scale lake. It seems when I return after this, I must remodel Star Form blessed land to raise these dragonfish.”


 Fang Yuan was looking around his surroundings as he pondered.


 He had unlimited primeval essence and also had countless investigative mortal killer moves, there was even a recently obtained investigative immortal killer move — Star Premonition.


 Thus, he was not worried that he would miss any good things on his way.


 However, Fang Yuan did not find many opportunities to take action.


 When Starry Sky grotto-heaven was intact, it was already looted repeatedly by Combat Immortal Sect. Now, among the remaining resources, those that could interest Fang Yuan were already very few. Moreover, he had to hand over two-thirds of all the gains he made in this trip to Immortal Crane Sect, while he himself could only obtain one-third. This greatly impacted Fang Yuan’s enthusiasm.


 “The ten ancient sects sent the disciples to compete for various resources inside within a limited time – seven days and seven nights. After this time passes, the resources occupied inside will be divided up, next would be time for the ten ancient sects to plunder and develop the resources by themselves. This has nothing to do with me. So now, I only need to get the desolate beast dragonfish, hidden essence turtle and that nether grass. Most of my energy and time should be used to search for that dream realm in the central region!”


 When he thought of the dream realm, Fang Yuan’s gaze shined and a fire burned inside him.


 Before leaving, He Feng Yang had reminded Fang Yuan to occupy the central region as early as possible.


 In the center of this fragment world was an external manifestation of a dream realm.


 As it involved the prophecy of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, the ten great ancient sects had already begun researching. Moreover, Feng Jin Huang possessed dream wings Immortal Gu, which allowed Spirit Affinity House to firmly occupy the leading position.


 More importantly, this dream realm had a huge origin.


 It was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm!


 Immortal Crane Sect’s research of dream realms might be completely behind Spirit Affinity House, but as long as they were able to seize this dream realm, they could contain Spirit Affinity House’s momentum, and could rely on this dream realm to make terms and exchange benefits with Spirit Affinity House.


 In the entire fragment world, the most precious resource was not desolate beasts or desolate plants, instead it was this small external manifestation of a dream realm!


 Thus, before they parted, He Feng Yang specially reminded Fang Yuan of this matter.


 But how could he know the excitement inside Fang Yuan?


 Fang Yuan might not be like Feng Jin Huang with dream path Immortal Gu, but he had a wisdom path Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery, and the dream path killer move formed with it as the basis — Unravel Dream!


 He Feng Yang inviting Fang Yuan to represent Immortal Crane Sect was simply like opening the door to a thief or bringing a weasel to a chicken coop.


 “Immortal Crane Sect does not have enough strength, they had decided to send me now, but this was met with strong resistance from the other nine sects. In the end, although Immortal Crane Sect got what they wished, my entry time was far later than the other nine sects. I must hurry and occupy the central region, after all, undue delay may bring trouble.”


 Capturing the dragonfish was only done casually on his way, the most important matter was still the external manifestation of the dream realm in the central region.


 However, when Fang Yuan reached his destination, someone was already there.


 “Fang Yuan, I have been waiting for quite a while.” Feng Jin Huang led four other Gu Masters of Spirit Affinity House to protect the magnificent dream realm behind them.


 She looked at this trip’s strongest competitor. Her skin was snow white, her appearance as pretty as a painting, her smile was beautiful and she looked extremely confident.


 Fang Yuan was not anxious, as he replied with a smile as well: “According to the rules set by the ten great sects, for your Spirit Affinity House to completely occupy this area, you need to face the challenges from other sects. Only after winning two out of three challenges can you strip away the opponent’s right to occupy this area.”


 The ten great ancient sects were famous righteous sects of Central Continent, but they also had the same origin — Heavenly Court.


 Thus, although they were competing, it was not a cruel slaughter like that of the demonic path, and was much gentler.


 Feng Jin Huang shook her head: “Although I have Immortal Gu and immortal essence that mother placed on me, I cannot defeat you. I waited for you to do a transaction.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s brows raised as he said, coldly, “You want to do a transaction with me again? Last time, you scammed me quite heavily at the Refinement Path Convention. The method you gave me for getting rid of the immortal zombie status was actually an ascension of the ten extreme physiques! You still want to do another transaction?”


 Feng Jin Huang quickly replied: “This transaction will be mutually beneficial, Fang Yuan, you have also taken quite a lot of benefits from my Spirit Affinity House. You can rest assured that I won’t let you suffer losses in this transaction.”


 “Alright, then speak.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Feng Jin Huang immediately gave a suggestion of what to trade, it was actually another method to get rid of the immortal zombie status!


 She had completely seen through Fang Yuan’s weak point, and did not let go of it.


 After confirming that Feng Jin Huang’s method was not what he already had, Fang Yuan agreed to this transaction.


 Like Feng Jin Huang said, this transaction was mutually beneficial, having benefits to both sides. And if there were benefits, Fang Yuan would naturally take it.


 Shortly afterwards, Fang Yuan obtained a completely new method of getting rid of the immortal zombie state and reviving.


 This was a transformation path method.


 According to Feng Jin Huang’s words, Fang Yuan would have to cultivate transformation path and use a transformation path killer move to transform himself into a normal Gu Immortal. Then, he could use everlasting Immortal Gu to make this transformation fixed and unchangeable.


 Like this, he could get rid of the immortal zombie status.


 This was indeed a practical thought.


 Because a lot of Gu Masters or Gu Immortals in their cultivation journeys would face an awkward and tragic situation of not being able to go back to their original shape after transforming too many times.


 And this method was the exact opposite, it thoroughly finalized the transformation.


 As for this dream realm, it would be occupied by Fang Yuan.


 But Feng Jin Huang had three days to explore this external manifestation of a dream realm. Three days later, she had to leave this area.


 “This is a dream realm’s external manifestation?” Fang Yuan mumbled as he looked ahead of him, as if this was the first time he had seen it, his expression was serious, curious and his gaze revealing some greed and fervent passion.


 Every external manifestation of dream realm had a wonderfully beautiful appearance.


 This dream realm that was displayed in front of them was like a condensed star cloud, with dark purple light shining in the periphery and countless stars inside.


 The whole dream realm gave off a profound, mysterious aura, and also gave indications of danger.


 Feng Jin Huang looked on at Fang Yuan’s eager expression, coldly snorting inwardly with satisfaction.


 She had seen this kind of expression many times.


 “Dream realms are good, but it is a pity you don’t have dream wings Immortal Gu. This enormous benefit is placed right beside your mouth, but you can’t eat it. Maybe in your whole life, you won’t understand that feeling of exploring a dream realm. Ah, there is also the huge advancement after a smooth exploration.”


 Feng Jin Huang did not remind Fang Yuan, if Fang Yuan died in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, it would be much more beneficial for her.


 However, she knew that it was not likely to happen.


 Since Immortal Crane Sect sent Fang Yuan, they would have reminded him of the dangers of the dream realm.


 Sure enough, Feng Jin Huang waited for a while but only saw Fang Yuan standing on the spot without moving forward, although he had a longing look on his face, he did not take a step beyond the limit.


 Feng Jin Huang snorted inwardly before turning towards the other four Gu Masters: “Three days is a limited span of time, I need to explore this dream realm immediately. All of you, protect my physical body, don’t make any mistakes.”


 The Gu Masters quickly replied: “We will use up all our strength and even if we die, we will protect you to the end!”


 “Lady Feng Jin Huang, you can enter at ease, if the situation is urgent, we will immediately awaken you.”


 Feng Jin Huang nodded, and stepped towards the dream realm.


 When she was still twenty or so steps away from the dream realm, she had reached her limit. With her current ability, she still could not completely throw herself into the dream realm.


 She gave a last look at the distant Fang Yuan, before slowly sitting down cross-legged on the ground, she closed her eyes and activated dream wings Immortal Gu, falling into a deep sleep.


 As far as Feng Jin Huang was concerned, the greatest threat to her was the immortal zombie Fang Yuan.


 Were Fang Yuan to act against her, those rank five Gu Masters of Spirit Affinity House would simply be incapable of resisting him.


 Thus, Feng Jin Huang did not completely rely on these four Gu Masters, what she placed confidence in was the Immortal Gu and abundant immortal essence her mother, Fairy Bai Qing, had placed with her.


 “Dream wings Immortal Gu....” Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jin Huang with envy.


 Dream wings Immortal Gu could let the user fall into a deep sleep at any time, and attach dream wings to their soul, letting them roam freely in dream realms, allowing them to advance or retreat freely, guaranteeing their safety.


 Compared to dream travel Immortal Gu, dream wings Immortal Gu had an advantage, it did not require immortal essence to be activated, thus it was the most suitable for cultivators like Feng Jin Huang who had yet to become Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan already had thoughts of taking action.


 But killing Feng Jin Huang and seizing dream wings Immortal Gu was not a practical idea.


 Seizing Immortal Gu by itself was an extremely difficult matter. And killing Feng Jin Huang was also not easy, even an idiot would know Feng Jin Huang certainly had large numbers of life protection methods on her.


 Most importantly, the current situation had yet to turn to a critical state, there was still space to scheme. Fang Yuan was not a retard, he would not make such a huge mistake.


 “This Feng Jin Huang is maturing rapidly. First was the transaction, she handed over all the control of this dream realm to me of her own accord, turning me into a shield, to block other competitors in her place, while she uses dream wings Immortal Gu to wantonly explore the dream realm and plunder benefits. Next, when she saw me have a desire to explore, she did not give me any reminders, waiting to see me make a fool of myself. However, regardless of how talented you are, you would not think that I possess the killer move unravel dream.”


 Fang Yuan sneered as he let out the desolate beast shark fin wolf from his immortal aperture.


 This desolate beast wolf had been violently subdued by him through flicking its penis.


 For this exploration of the fragment world, Fang Yuan had already taken it out from Hu Immortal blessed land and brought it with him.


 The moment they saw the desolate beast, Spirit Affinity House’s four Gu Masters were tongue-tied with shock, they were even about to awaken Feng Jin Huang.


 It was Fang Yuan who reminded them: “No need to be anxious, this desolate beast will look after this place. Three days later, if all of you have not left, it will eat you alive.”


 With this warning, Fang Yuan flew to the sky, quickly leaving the vision of the Gu Masters of Spirit Affinity House.



***
Chapter 912 - Beastman


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan landed after flying far away.


 He took out a large batch of rockmen from his immortal aperture.


 Be it in Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land, he raised batches of rockmen.


 Fang Yuan took half of them and brought them along, right now, he let them out to be used as helpers.


 “We greet lord immortal.” The rockmen saw Fang Yuan and paid respects.


 Fang Yuan responded with a grunt, his expression was cold and he appeared high and mighty, above the masses.


 He gave these rockmen instructions to collect resources before leaving, concealing his figure and returning to the dream realm.


 These rockmen were elites, there were many Gu worms on their bodies.


 These were all specially arranged by Fang Yuan.


 These rockmen were all armed by Fang Yuan, their battle strength were greatly raised, because they moved in groups of ten, even if they encountered groups from other sects, Fang Yuan was not worried that the rockmen would lose.


 Or rather, even if the rockmen lost, Fang Yuan would not feel loss.


 This was only a facade.


 The manifested dream realm was like a small hill’s size.


 Fang Yuan concealed his figure and carefully went to the back, entering the dream realm.


 Last time, Fang Yuan was inside the eighth star hall of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, he was at the border of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm and almost died. After detonating his bat wings, he managed to struggle his way out.


 This time, he went in purposely, because he had the killer move unravel dream, his power was much higher, times were different now.


 His vision changed.


 Fang Yuan entered Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm!


 It was night.


 Fire was burning, rising to the sky.


 Countless brawny beastmen were surrounding a huge fire, dancing around it.


 Growl growl growl...


 Roar roar roar...


 Among these beastmen, some had faces of tigers and human bodies, they opened their mouths and growled angrily. Some had eagle beaks, they shrieked loudly. Some had a leopard’s tail growing from their backs, they danced around and moved alongside the lingering shadows.


 “This is... the beastman race that got wiped out from existence during the Olden Antiquity Era?” Fang Yuan came back to awareness, he understood the origins of these beastmen.


 Beastmen were a type of variant human.


 During the Remote Antiquity Era, as well as the Immemorial Antiquity Era, they were one of the strongest variant human races in the world.


 Beastmen had incredible battle strength, they worshipped fierce beasts, and adopted their ferocity and ruthlessness.


 Especially when they could attract wild transformation path Gu worms to live in them, allowing them to transform into a half-man half-beast state, they would gain a part of the fierce beasts’ abilities and strength.


 As time passed, humans began to rise up. During the Remote Antiquity Era, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable appeared, leading humans to resist the rule of variant humans, establishing the authority of humans. By the Olden Antiquity Era, three human Demon Venerables appeared, creating wars and exterminating the beastmen race, stabilizing the status of humans as the rulers.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was a rank nine Gu Immortal from the Remote Antiquity Era, at that time, humans were fighting with various variant humans, and were fighting to control the world. This is indeed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan was slightly excited.


 He looked around, and found that he was a human boy in this dream.


 He was tied up by a rope, the other end of the rope was tightly tied to a tree trunk.


 There were over a dozen humans who were tied up like Fang Yuan, they were all young children.


 “Oh no! Beastmen are bloodthirsty by nature, they were also known as the man-eating race. History states that the favorite food of beastmen are the flesh and blood of human children. Beastmen tribes all treat surrounding humans as food, they would go out to hunt occasionally. When they succeed in their hunts, they would hold a huge celebration by a bonfire.”


 Fang Yuan sensed the dangerous situation, he struggled intensely, but the rope was getting tighter.


 His body had bloodstains because of the friction with the ropes, intense pain was assaulting his body.


 “It is no use, the more you struggle, the more painful it gets.”


 “We are doomed, we are dead meat!”


 “Wuwuwu... I don’t want to be eaten.”


 The surrounding human children saw that Fang Yuan was struggling, some advised him indifferently, while others cried in despair.


 Just as the bonfire celebration reached its climax, the beastman leader shouted: “Come, bring up our most delectable food!”


 Growl growl growl!


 The beastmen raised their heads, shouting.


 An elephantman who was six meters tall stood up from his sitting position.


 He stretched out his long and powerful trunk as he pulled up the entire tree that held the ropes that tied the children.


 The tree trunk was raised high in the air.


 The children who were tied up resembled tiny pearls as they screamed in fear, hanging in the air.


 The beastmen shouted again, the elephantman who had shown off his might laughed loudly, his trunk loosened and the tree trunk was slammed onto the ground.


 The children could not free themselves, they fell as well. Some unlucky children were crushed to death by the tree.


 An intense smell of blood spread out.


 Some beastmen could not control their bloodthirsty desire, they jumped in and grabbed the children’s corpses, putting them into their mouths.


 “Delicious!”


 “Human children taste tender and delicious, hahaha.”


 As they spoke, the beastmen showed a sense of wildness and ruthlessness.


 The blazing bonfire crackled, the surrounding beastmen stared excitedly with red, wide open eyes, towards these lucky children who survived.


 Some were growling, some had uneven fangs, some stretched out their bright red tongues, they licked their lips as they drooled, the amber light of the fire was reflecting in their eyes.


 The children screamed out in fright, some had fainted on the spot.


 But Fang Yuan found that one girl was expressionless. Even though her body was shivering, and her expression was pale as paper, she bit her lips, she did not make a sound.


 “Is it possible that she...” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he had a flash of inspiration.


 Before this inspiration was processed, the beastman leader walked towards Fang Yuan and the others with an intensely ferocious aura, he looked down arrogantly at these weak children.


 As the light flickered, lots of children watched with fearful gazes, the beastman leader had a black face and sharp fangs, he spoke slowly: “According to the traditions of our tribe, those that can untie the wind knot grass are people blessed by heaven, they can be spared from death. Those who fail to untie it, hehehe, they can be honored to become the food of us noble beastmen!”


 The moment he said that, the beastman leader waved his tail.


 From the flickering light, a bright flash occurred.


 The ropes were cut, the human children obtained temporary freedom in movement.


 Wind knot grass?


 Seeing the pile of dried grass that the beastmen brought over, Fang Yuan was curious.


 The wind knot grass was like a lantern, a round ball-shaped grass lantern, it was very rare to see in modern times.


 There was no wind knot grass in the five regions, this was a type of grass only found in green heaven of the immemorial nine heavens.


 Ren Zu’s ten children destroyed the immemorial nine heavens, causing fragments of immemorial green heaven to fall into the five regions.


 During Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era, many fragment worlds of the immemorial nine heavens fell into different areas of the five regions.


 The beastmen worshipped the heavenly deities, their tribal belief was that whoever could untie the wind knot grass was blessed by the heavens, they were precious beings that could not be harmed.


 “That means, as long as I can untie the wind knot grass, I can be spared from death?” Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved rapidly.


 He had turned into a child after entering this dream realm, he was not even thirteen years old yet, his aperture was not awakened yet, he had no power. To free himself from this predicament, he could only follow the beastman rules and untie wind knot grass alone.


 Even though he knew it was a dream realm, it was not favorable to die inside the dream.


 This meant he would be consumed by the dream realm.


 Each time he got consumed, even though he would not die, his soul would suffer a huge injury.


 If his soul got injured too often, it would get weak, when he reached his limits, his soul would break down and dissipate, even if his body was still around, he would die.


 This was the danger of exploring dream realms!


 Soon, each child received their wind knot grass.


 Knowing that this was their only chance at survival, the children opened their eyes wide and used every second they had to try and untie the wind knot grass.


 The surrounding beastmen were laughing coldly or grinding their teeth, some were licking their lips or polishing their claws, they surrounded Fang Yuan’s group and watched sinisterly.


 The human children were in the center, surrounded by countless savage beastmen.


 Using the light of the bonfire, the children gathered their concentration and placed their efforts on the grass lanterns.


 Fang Yuan observed carefully.


 This type of grass lantern was made from all sorts of roots, leaves, and stems, they were intertwined together and formed into a mysterious ball.


 “Only in immemorial green heaven would there be winds blowing all year around, at strange directions and angles. Countless plants would be uprooted or shaved until they were bare, these twigs would intertwine in the wind and slowly form into this ball shaped grass lantern.”


 Because time was limited, the surrounding children were trying to untie their wind knot grass.


 Only Fang Yuan did not start immediately, this was the first time he was seeing the wind knot grass, he was assessing it.


 His unique demeanor attracted the attention of the beastmen, he even attracted the attention of Feng Jin Huang as well.


 Feng Jin Huang was also inside the dream realm, similar to Fang Yuan, she was also a child.


 Fang Yuan looked very calm and radiated with confidence, his body was covered in dirt and dust, his gender could not be discerned, Feng Jin Huang had a misunderstanding: “What’s going on with this child? Is she Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?”


 Roar!


 Right at this moment, a tiger headed beastman roared loudly with excitement.


 He grabbed a human boy rapidly and threw him into his mouth.


 Crack, crack...


 He opened his mouth and chewed, eating half of the boy in an instant.


 “What are you looking at! He ruined a wind knot grass, he had already failed. It is only natural for me to eat him!” Looking at the surrounding unfriendly gazes, the tiger headed beastman growled, there was the blood and flesh of the boy stuck in the middle of his teeth.


 With this stimulation, the surrounding beastmen were stirred up, their eyes shined with ruthlessness as they looked at the remaining children.


 “Daddy, daddy, where are you? Quickly come and save me!” A girl broke down, she held the wind knot grass as she cried loudly.


 “Damn it, why is my wind knot grass so hard to untie?”


 “No, I must succeed. I can do it! I have played with this wind knot grass a lot in the past.”


 The surrounding beastmen did not want the children to succeed, they got closer and closer.


 They had ill intentions, they purposely growled and threatened, or breathed roughly to interrupt the children.


 “Scoundrel, get away from me, you stink!” Feng Jin Huang flew into a rage, she shouted at a crocodile tail beastman.


 The crocodile tailed beastman growled angrily, it stared at Feng Jin Huang with its bloodshot eyes, it did not expect this food to be so arrogant.


 Feng Jin Huang had no fear: “What are you growling for, so annoying, you bastard!”


 Bam.


 The crocodile tailed beastman erupted, its tail which was tough as iron swept and directly destroyed Feng Jin Huang’s skull!



***
Chapter 913 - Dream Wings, Unravel Dream


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Once Feng Jin Huang died, her soul flew into the night sky, giggling tenderly.


 On the back of her soul, a pair of rainbow colored feather wings unfolded.


 It was the manifestation of dream wings Immortal Gu!


 “I have dream wings Immortal Gu, I can freely enter and exit the dream realm. Even if I failed this time, I can just wait for the next attempt at the dream realm, and try again.” Feng Jin Huang snorted smugly internally.


 She had tried earlier, the wind knot grass in her hands had already been ruined by her, the knot was even worse than at the beginning.


 But when Feng Jin Huang was about to escape by flapping her wings, an eagle bodied beastman pounced down from the sky.


 Feng Jin Huang shrieked in fear, she wanted to dodge.


 But the wings that could flap rapidly ordinarily were extremely slow when they tried to move in this dream realm.


 Feng Jin Huang had underestimated Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, it was much more hard to deal with, her soul was crushed by the eagle bodied beastman before she could escape!


 With just one hit, Feng Jin Huang’s soul was heavily injured.


 At the next moment, Feng Jin Huang left the dream realm, her soul returned to her body.


 Puff!


 She opened her eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood.


 The Gu Masters from Spirit Affinity House were shocked, they quickly came over to assist her.


 “What a formidable dream realm! If I were to take another hit like that one earlier, I would definitely die inside the dream for real.” Feng Jin Huang’s eyes were flashing with lingering fear, cold sweat was pouring down her back.


 “I was careless! Even though I have dream wings Immortal Gu, against the dream realm of an Immortal Venerable, I am not safe at all. Thankfully, I had prepared a large number of guts Gu and brought it with me. With guts Gu, my soul will recover rapidly. In half a day, I will heal completely.” Feng Jin Huang wiped the cold sweat off her forehead as she stopped wasting time, she quickly started healing herself.


 In the dream realm, Fang Yuan directed his gaze towards the wind knot grass again.


 Feng Jin Huang’s earlier performance gave Fang Yuan quite a bit of information.


 “This dream realm is not large in scale, this current scene is only the outer layer of the dream realm, this is an Immortal Venerable’s dream after all, even with the rank six dream wings Immortal Gu, she could not escape immediately. Now it seems, the crux of this dream realm is the wind knot grass in my hands.”


 Fang Yuan had a realization.


 After he finished his observations, he started to untie the wind knot grass.


 He first tried to untie it from the outermost layer.


 He felt like he was facing a complex and tangled ball of string. He needed to find the outer tip of the string and pull it out slowly strand by strand.


 At the third layer, Fang Yuan could not continue further.


 It was a complete mess in front of him, the stalks were intertwined together, he could not untie it manually.


 “To untie the wind knot grass without using brute strength, not only would I need confidence and good perception, I need to deduce it with my brain, I also need patience and ample time most importantly, along with some luck.”


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself inwardly.


 He had opened a path in this wind knot grass, but this path was stuck at the third layer.


 There was a way out for him now, that was to retreat by two layers and try to untie this from another end.


 Other people could only do this as well.


 But there was an exception.


 Fang Yuan looked around and noticed that the girl he suspected was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already untied the seventh layer.


 The wind knot grass had shrunken in half in her hands.


 “Without using any wisdom path Gu worms, using purely her brain power, she reached this stage?” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 Even though he had been late at starting to unite the wind knot grass, the difference between them was still too great.


 Fang Yuan squinted, he concealed the brilliance shining in his eyes.


 In terms of untying ability, Fang Yuan was only at the middle to upper tier among the children.


 In terms of progress, he was at the middle to lower tier.


 More than half the time had passed already.


 Looking at the speed of the children, the only one with any hopes of escaping was the girl who he thought was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 But Fang Yuan had ample confidence, he believed that not only could he succeed, he would even surpass everyone and become the first.


 What gave him confidence was none other than the dream path immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 Unravel dream activated.


 The intertwined strands in front of him slowly melted, they untied themselves.


 The surrounding beastmen were watching this, especially a snake beastman behind Fang Yuan, it was observing the entire process.


 But they did not say anything, or take any action.


 This was the mystical power of unravel dream.


 It was not an offensive killer move purely, its effect varied according to the dream he was in.


 For example, if Fang Yuan was fighting inside a dream realm, unravel dream would be his strongest attacking method. If the dream realm was weak, he could directly disintegrate his enemies.


 Right now, the dream realm’s rules were for Fang Yuan to untie the wind knot grass. Then, unravel dream’s current effect was to help Fang Yuan and untie the wind knot grass.


 This untying was according to the set rules, it was not unraveled through brute force.


 In the eyes of the surrounding children and the observing beastmen, Fang Yuan was not cheating at all, he was using his brain and successfully untying the third layer of the wind knot grass.


 Thus, they did not do anything, even the snake person that wanted to eat Fang Yuan only watched with a slightly surprised expression, it felt that it was somewhat unexpected that Fang Yuan could untie three layers.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Fang Yuan continued his momentum and did not stop. The wind knot grass in his hands was quickly untied, he reached the center.


 At the core of the wind knot grass, there was a seed.


 This was the self-defense mechanism of the plants in immemorial green heaven, as well as a way to use the wind for dispersal.


 Fang Yuan took out the seed, standing up and raising it high.


 “He, he succeeded!”


 “This speed is too fast!!”


 “I am begging you, help me, okay?”


 The surrounding people were stirred up, even the girl who he suspected to be Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave him a surprised gaze.


 “You are free, little thing, I will give you three days to escape for your life, scram now.” The leader of the beastman tribe snorted, kicking Fang Yuan and sending him flying.


 Fang Yuan’s tiny body flew in the air for a distance of more than ten steps before crashing on the ground.


 What made Fang Yuan surprised was, even though he felt a little short of breath from getting kicked, he was uninjured.


 The beastman leader was strong and powerful, but in terms of physical movements, it had reached the stage of perfect self control.


 Since Fang Yuan had untied the wind knot grass, the beastman tribe had to let him go.


 Fang Yuan gaze a glance at the little girl, the latter had already gathered her attention to the wind knot grass in her hands.


 Fang Yuan hesitated slightly, before turning around and leaving.


 He left the bonfire, walking towards the darkness in the forest.


 He only took a dozen steps before there was a bright light shining in the darkness.


 The more he walked forward, the brighter the light, eventually, all of the darkness in front of him turned into light.


 The light faded slowly, and the scene of reality showed itself in front of him.


 Fang Yuan realized that not only did he open his eyes, his body had walked for over a dozen steps, away from the manifested dream realm.


 Looking back at the dream realm, Fang Yuan frowned deeply, he was very confused: “What is going on? I left the dream realm just like that?”


 He thought it over.


 This exploration of the dream realm did not fail.


 His wisdom path attainment level had risen slightly.


 “This should not be! According to the scale of this dream realm, there should be three scenes. I got through the first round, why did I not enter the second round successfully?”


 Fang Yuan stood on the spot as he pondered.


 The light emitted by the manifested dream realm shined on his face.


 He left the dream realm and returned on the same route from which he entered. On the other side of the dream realm, Spirit Affinity House’s group was still trying to heal Feng Jin Huang urgently.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was not exposed.


 But if he could not understand why he left the dream realm, there was a possibility that he might walk towards Spirit Affinity House’s direction the next time he left it.


 If others found out that Fang Yuan could explore the dream realm, it would be somewhat troublesome.


 After a long time, Fang Yuan’s tight frown gradually eased.


 He walked forwards and let the dream realm engulf him.


 His vision changed, Fang Yuan had entered Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm again.


 Dark night, bonfire, beastmen, children, wind knot grass, the same scene was unfolding again.


 Using unravel dream, Fang Yuan cheated all the way, becoming the first to untie the wind knot grass.


 But this time, he did not leave, he walked towards the girl who he thought was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and tried to help her untie her wind knot grass.


 The beastman leader did not object, he said: “Little rascal, you still want to help others? Hehe, you can help her, but if you fail, you will lose your life!”


 “It seems my guess is correct.” Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he untied the wind knot grass within the time limit and successfully escaped with the girl.


 “What? I still left?” Fang Yuan looked back in surprise.


 His second attempt still failed. Fang Yuan did not enter the second scene, he was thrown out of the dream realm like the first time.


 Dream realms were unpredictable and strange, their rules varied. Because each dream realm was unique, it was hard to accumulate experience in exploring the dream realm. Even though Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, his advantage was still very small.


 “This time, after saving the girl, my wisdom path attainment went up more than last time...” Fang Yuan muttered.


 He went into deep contemplation.


 According to this situation, there were two possibilities.


 One, the girl that he saved was not the real Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Two, he had to save more children, after he hit a certain number, he would enter the second scene.


 Before he entered the dream realm for a third time, Fang Yuan rested slightly first.


 He took out guts Gu and healed his weakened soul back to its prime.


 Even though he had successfully escaped the dream realm and did a successful exploration, his soul was not unharmed, he still expended a lot of it in the dream realm.


 Of course, Fang Yuan’s soul was far less injured than Feng Jin Huang’s.


 The former had succeeded, while the latter’s exploration failed, this was incomparable.


 “Third time!” Fang Yuan spurring himself on inwardly, he entered the dream realm again.


 Everything restarted again in the dream.


 The moment the wind knot grass was distributed, Fang Yuan used the killer move unravel dream several times and in a few breaths’ time, he untied the wind knot grass in his hand.


 Fang Yuan grabbed onto the seed as he raised up his right hand, shouting: “I succeeded!”


 At once, be it the beastmen or children, they stared with wide open eyes as they looked at Fang Yuan in shock.


 The noisy scene turned into creepy silence.



***
Chapter 914 - Huge Growth in Attainment Level


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “I will help you!” After Fang Yuan untied his wind knot grass, he went to the child closest to him.


 “Hehe, rascal, you still want to help others? Sure! But you…” The beastman leader snickered.


 Before he finished his words, he was interrupted by Fang Yuan.


 “I know, if I can’t save them, I will not leave, you can eat me!” Fang Yuan waved his hand, speaking casually.


 “Guh…” The beastman leader choked up on his words, he could not say anything else.


 The surrounding children looked at Fang Yuan with hopeful and admiring gazes, as if they were looking at a hero.


 “Lad, if you can save them all, I will step down as the leader!” The beastman leader smiled sinisterly.


 But soon, he could not smile anymore.


 Fang Yuan did not follow the script, he used unravel dream continuously at an incredible pace!


 All of the captured children were saved one after another.


 If he were to untie the wind knot grass through his own efforts, he would not even be able to save himself.


 But after using unravel dream, the difficulty fell immensely.


 To make a comparison, this was like playing mahjong, where everyone else was drawing random tiles, while Fang Yuan was changing the tiles to whatever he wanted.


 From everyone else’s perspective, this sort of cheating behavior looked like Fang Yuan moving his fingers rapidly, no matter which wind knot grass he held, after turning it a few times over, it would be untied rapidly, until the seed was taken out from its centermost position.


 So simple.


 Simply too easy.


 This was the power of the dream path killer move unravel dream!


 The children’s eyes were shining with tears, they looked at Fang Yuan as their gazes was filled with unparalleled gratitude and adoration.


 The beastmen opened their mouths wide, they were dumbfounded, unable to believe this.


 “I saved them all, I succeeded.” Fang Yuan spoke calmly at the beastman leader.


 A moment later, the children understand the situation and erupted into a deafening cheer, some were sobbing out of joy, some were jumping around excitedly.


 The beastman leader was speechless, he stared at Fang Yuan with bloodshot eyes. The surrounding beastmen were growling or baring their fangs, they were tempted to strike.


 Fang Yuan was not afraid that the beastmen would go back on their words.


 In most cases, these tribal beliefs were extremely strict, due to the culture and traditions of the tribe, they had to obey it.


 Of course, nothing was certain.


 In reality, there was the possibility that the beastman tribe would go back on their words.


 But here, it was special, it was a dream realm.


 This was not reality!


 Indeed, like Fang Yuan had expected, the beastmen were furious and discontent, but they could only watch the food that was in front of them leave.


 Passing through the dark forest, Fang Yuan led the group of children away from the beastman tribe, they got far away from the bonfire.


 The children gathered around Fang Yuan, they walked together as they fell into silence.


 In the darkness, a speck of light expanded, until light filled his vision.


 Fang Yuan’s soul returned to his body, he opened his eyes.


 Taking a look, Fang Yuan showed a surprised expression.


 He turned to the manifested dream realm behind him, he was filled with questions: “How can this be? I have already saved all the children, I did this to the limits. How can I still be thrown out of the dream realm, and not enter the second scene?”


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


 “Don’t tell me, my guess was wrong? Untying the wind knot grass and saving the children is not the correct method to pass the first scene?”


 “What clues did I neglect?”


 Fang Yuan thought intensely, he worked his mind to its limits.


 Explorations of dream realms were difficult. Even if Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, and was at the forefront of this generation, but when exploring the dream realm, he had no confidence in succeeding.


 Every dream realm was unique.


 The method to explore dream realms varied each time, it was hard to accumulate helpful experiences.


 Fang Yuan could only guess right now and try every idea he had. He could only persevere and not get frustrated to have a chance of passing the dream realm.


 Of course, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, there were many instances where people explored dream realms and failed to make any progress for decades.


 Fang Yuan felt his head hurting, he had little confidence in his new guesses.


 “In that case, I should go elsewhere and subdue the hidden essence turtle.”


 Fang Yuan had run into a barrier in this dream realm, he would not stubbornly stay in place.


 Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm was his main objective, he still definitely was going to obtain the dragonfish, hidden essence turtle, and the desolate plant.


 Changing his train of thought, Fang Yuan left this place, heading to another location.


 Two hours later, Feng Jin Huang’s pale face regained a bit of her rosiness.


 She opened her eyes.


 In her clear eyes, brilliance radiated.


 “Guts Gu is truly helpful towards the healing and recovery of souls, it takes effect so quickly.” She was joyful.


 Seeing that she was safe, the other four Spirit Affinity House Gu Masters heaved sighs of relief.


 They were here as bodyguards, if anything happened to Feng Jin Huang, they would not have a good time when they returned to the sect.


 Feng Jin Huang saw the desolate beast shark fin wolf that Fang Yuan left behind, her gaze focused as she asked the Gu Masters around her, after hearing that during her healing period, no other Gu Masters had gotten close, she relaxed slightly.


 Finally, she inspected her body and confirmed that she had healed completely, she stood up and faced the dream realm again.


 “Earlier, I used dream wings Immortal Gu and it displayed great capabilities while I was obtaining a boost in my refinement path attainment level. But this time, I am facing an Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, the difficulty is worlds’ apart, I cannot commit my earlier mistake again. Eh? Why does the dream realm look slightly smaller?”


 Feng Jin Huang’s gaze concentrated, she showed a suspicious look.


 Once the dream realm was successfully explored, it would vanish.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not succeed, he had gained quite a harvest, his wisdom path attainment level rose.


 As the saying goes: Where there are gains, there are losses.


 Fang Yuan gained something, the dream realm naturally lost something.


 It showed on the surface as the dream realm’s size shrinking.


 “It did shrink, how did this happen?” Feng Jin Huang confirmed it repeatedly and felt more suspicious: “Is this Immortal Venerable dream realm special? It will shrink as time passes?”


 Feng Jin Huang did not suspect anything else.


 In this era, people’s understanding towards dream realms was still at a primitive and ignorant level.


 Furthermore, in Feng Jin Huang’s heart, she believed that her unique dream wings Immortal Gu provided superiority and advantages to her in dream path.


 Although she was suspicious, she could not verify anything.


 Eventually, she shook her head, ignoring the sense of suspicion inside her, she entered the dream realm again.


 Just as Feng Jin Huang entered the dream realm, Fang Yuan went to the location of the hidden essence turtle in accordance with He Feng Yang’s information.


 This wisdom path desolate beast was huge, it was like a mound.


 At this moment, the hidden essence turtle’s four limbs and head were hidden in its shell, its body was covered and hidden under rocks.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly, he swooped down like an eagle ferociously.


 Boom boom boom…


 Intense explosions occurred, causing thunderous sounds.


 Fang Yuan and the hidden essence turtle fought.


 At once, rocks flew, smoke was rising up.


 The hidden essence turtle tried to resist at first, but it had no Immortal Gu and was only a desolate beast, not an ancient desolate beast, how could it be the match of Fang Yuan who had rank seven battle strength?


 After several rounds, the hidden essence turtle could only hide inside its shell and take a beating.


 “This turtle shell is really thick…” Fang Yuan attacked against the hidden essence turtle and felt a little surprised momentarily, he laughed in a helpless tone.


 He did not exert his full strength, in fact, he rarely used his Immortal Gu.


 He had used myriad self giant hand in many situations already, it would be best if he did not expose it. Who knew if other sects had preparations involving some investigative Immortal Gu?


 Fang Yuan needed to conceal his strength as much as possible.


 Thus, after the hidden essence turtle hid itself, Fang Yuan did not rush.


 He split his focus onto two tasks at once, he made the battle grand and loud while savoring his gains from the dream realm.


 As he thought over it, he had countless inspirations that emerged in him.


 It was like a door had been opened in front of him, he could see the view outside of the house.


 This feeling was incredible amazing, Fang Yuan was drowning in euphoria.


 “Earlier, my wisdom path attainment level was extremely ordinary, after all, I only started my wisdom path cultivation recently. But now, my wisdom path attainment level has reached quasi-master level. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm is simply incredible!”


 Such progress, if it was according to normal cultivation, would take him decades of accumulation.


 Even though the dream realm was dangerous, each time he succeeded, he would have great gains, it was truly a great leap forward, Fang Yuan saved a lot of time.


 “Why is there such thunderous noise?”


 Fang Yuan was fighting intensely with the hidden essence turtle, groups of Gu Masters were drawn over to investigate the situation.


 “Fang Yuan? How can he be so strong?!”


 “No wonder the elders in the sect told us to avoid this monster Fang Yuan!”


 “He is simply cheating, this is so unfair to us, how can we compete with this monster?”


 Eventually, Fang Yuan spend a day and a night to subdue the hidden essence turtle and send it into his immortal aperture. During this period, many Gu Masters were drawn over, but after doing some investigations, they retreated in fear.


 “Thirty-sixth failure…”


 Feng Jin Huang opened her eyes in fatigue.


 Ever since she was heavily injured, she had become careful, unfortunately, she did not have unravel dream, and had never interacted with wind knot grass previously. She failed a total of thirty-six times, not even untying it correctly once.


 Being able to survive in the dream was the most basic requirement for successfully exploring a dream realm.


 Failing to untie the wind knot grass meant she could not survive, the explorations failed.


 Thus, each time Feng Jin Huang explored the dream realm, the injuries to her soul after failing far surpassed that of Fang Yuan.


 She had to spend a lot of time to rest and recover.


 Thus, after two days and one night, she only explored it thirty-six times.


 “The Immortal Venerable’s dream realm is so tough, I have dream wings Immortal Gu but it is still so difficult for me, not to mention others!” Feng Jin Huang looked at the dream realm in front of her with a bitter expression.


 She was filled with dejection and frustration, right now, as long as she thought about the appearance of the wind knot grass, this proud young genius would feel like vomiting!


 At this moment, Fang Yuan secretly got close to the dream realm.


 He had already captured the hidden essence turtle and nether grass, he was going to put his remaining time into the Immortal Venerable’s dream realm.


 After going through some intense deductions, Fang Yuan had a new idea.


 Just as Feng Jin Huang was anguished and dejected, Fang Yuan smiled confidently as he secretly entered the dream realm again.



***
Chapter 915 - The Biggest Winner


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm was displayed in front of Fang Yuan once again.


 It was night, a huge fire was burning.


 Dancing around the fire were beastmen making beastly shouts and growls one after another.


 This was a celebration.


 A bloody celebration after hunting.


 Fang Yuan calmly looked around him.


 He was once again a human child bound tightly. Around him were many other boys and girls in the same situation.


 “We are doomed, we are dead meat!”


 “Wuwuwu… I don’t want to be eaten.”


 The kids cried, desperate and pale.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a sharp light as he suddenly stood up and shouted: “I want wind knot grass!”


 The beastman tribe’s celebration had just entered a heated stage.


 And right at this time, Fang Yuan’s voice suddenly pierced into this celebration.


 For a moment, the bestial calls paused and all the beastmen looked at Fang Yuan with blood-red eyes.


 An enormous pressure was formed, the human children became as silent as cicadas during winter, shivering, some even peed their pants.


 Fang Yuan was without any expression, as he shouted once more.


 The beastman leader grunted furiously before instructing with surging killing intent: “Give it to him!”


 “Little rascal, I will be watching you. As long as you ruin even a small strand, I will use my trunk to roll your tender little body into meat paste.” An elephant beastman walked over and handed a ball of wind knot grass to Fang Yuan while threatening him.


 Fang Yuan chuckled and glanced at the wind knot grass on his hand before raising his head: “One? How is this enough? Give me one ball of wind knot grass for every human captive there is here. I will untie all the wind knot grass, and save all of them!”


 Instantly, shocked sounds came from all around.


 Be it the beastmen or the children beside Fang Yuan, they all stared at Fang Yuan with different expressions.


 After the momentary shock, the beastmen started laughing loudly.


 And the children who had felt hopeful, felt dispirited again, worried and desperate.


 Soon, all the wind knot grass were laid in front of Fang Yuan.


 The height of the whole wind knot grass pile was several times Fang Yuan’s current size.


 Were he to use his own strength, it would be impossible to untie all this wind knot grass in the extremely limited time.


 Besides Fang Yuan, no one else believed he could succeed.


 Under everyone’s gazes, Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and began to disassemble the wind knot grass.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 …


 This special immortal killer move was created with a wisdom path Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery, as the core and several supplementary dream path mortal Gu.


 Right now, it produced extremely great effects.


 However, although unravel mystery Immortal Gu could be used repeatedly, other dream path mortal Gu would be expended after continuous use.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had never slacked off.


 He would take out some time every day to explore his own dream realm and refine dream path mortal Gu.


 Little by little, these dream path mortal Gu accumulated and were used at this moment. It was as the saying goes: Opportunities favor those who are prepared.


 “I have finally entered the second round of the dream realm!” Fang Yuan felt satisfied inwardly.


 This time, he was not thrown out by the dream realm, and succeeded in his hopes of entering the second round of the dream realm.


 As it turned out, to pass through the first round of the dream realm, one had to save all the children.


 Fang Yuan had tried it before but was actually late by a step.


 In the original route of the dream realm, a portion of the children were already killed by the elephantman.


 The elephantman brought these children under the beastman leader’s instruction, but he intentionally slipped up, smashing the tree trunk to the ground.


 The tree trunk easily crushed many bound children, their flesh was fought over by the beastmen and devoured.


 Although this did conform to the beastman tribe’s traditions, it could be considered to be skirting around them.


 The elephantman was a famous warrior of the beastman tribe, the beastman leader and others also put up with this action.


 When Fang Yuan was subduing the hidden essence turtle and nether grass, he realized this key point and saved all the human children, finally succeeding and entering the second round.


 “After passing the first round, my wisdom path attainment has probably reached master level!”


 “A lot of dream path mortal Gu have been expended by repeatedly using the killer move unravel dream, I will need to be more sparing.”


 “It is a pity that when I followed the information obtained from Mo Yao’s will to look for that spring dream fruit tree, it was already cut down by some ignorant mortals half a year ago. Otherwise, with this tree, the amount of dream path mortal Gu with me would be at least ten times the number!”


 “The first round should be derived from the memory of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s childhood. Maybe it was a regret of hers. I saved all the children which could be considered as making up for her regret, thus succeeding in passing the first round.”


 “Now, what will the second round be like?”


 Fang Yuan suppressed his churning thoughts and observed his surroundings.


 It was a mountain.


 In the lonely night sky, few stars shone.


 Just like in summer, warm wind blew gently, bringing with it the fragrance of the lush mountain forest.


 The gurgling of the brook, the rustling of the leaves and the song of the nightingales mixed together to form sounds of nature that needed no words to adorn them.


 Compared the bloody, cruel and vicious first round, this second round was mild as a drizzle and gentle as a breeze.


 “Move quickly, what are you being dazed for?”


 “As long as we can take six steps over the astrolabe chessboard, we can obtain the legacy of Lord Immortal Venerable!”


 “If we can become Lord Immortal Venerable’s disciples, we can learn abilities and become experts! At that time, we will avenge our families and kill those damned beastmen.”


 The surrounding children urged Fang Yuan to move, when they saw him stop.


 Fang Yuan immediately understood some conditions to pass the second round.


 “There are records of this in history. The first rank nine Gu Immortal in human history is known as Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable. He was very aware of the drawbacks of the clan system, and to initiate a sect system, he set an example himself, setting up astrolabes in many places. As long as someone was able to walk six steps on the astrolabe chessboard, they could become his personal disciple.”


 Fang Yuan recalled as he followed the surrounding companions towards the peak.


 There, he saw the famous astrolabe chessboard.


 The astrolabe chessboard was carved on a giant rock with a flat surface.


 On the rock were lines that were either horizontal cuts, vertical cuts or diagonal cuts.


 Every time the breeze blew, these lines would flash with deep blue starry radiance.


 When Fang Yuan approached closer, these starry lines directly passed through his eyes and appeared in his mind.


 At the same time, his soul was suddenly being consumed at dozens of times the previous rate!


 Many of the children who came with him stopped, unable to go forward, some even fainted on the spot.


 Fang Yuan concentrated and walked forward till he reached the giant rock, he then slowly put his palm on the rock surface.


 Boom.


 His ears buzzed as he hallucinated.


 Those thin starry lines suddenly expanded into paths he was walking on. And Fang Yuan’s whole body blossomed with starry radiance, becoming a star chess piece, stopping in this web of these starry paths.


 Astrolabe chessboard!


 Fang Yuan observed, cold sweat filling his head.


 He thought for a long while before taking a step hesitatingly.


 The next moment, his soul was thrown out of the dream realm and returned to his physical body.


 His soul was heavily injured!


 One wrong step and everything failed.


 Fang Yuan’s body swayed, almost falling down to the ground. The injury to his soul was much more severe than Feng Jin Huang’s, almost costing him half his life!


 “The second round of the dream realm is immensely more dangerous than the first round!”


 Fang Yuan revealed a shocked expression before immediately calming down.


 “But, I have already passed the first round and received great gains. My wisdom path attainment has indeed already reached master level.”


 “There is still time, no need to hurry. I will use guts Gu to recuperate first, then slowly explore.”


 While Fang Yuan was healing his injuries, opposite him, obstructed by the external manifestation of the dream realm, Feng Jin Huang had just finished recovering, she opened her eyes and stood up, intending to try again.


 “Eh, why has the dream realm shrunk again?”


 “Moreover, it has shrunken much more this time, almost by a third!”


 Feng Jin Huang stared with wide open eyes.


 Fang Yuan had passed the first round and received huge gains, thus the first round of the dream realm’s external manifestation had disappeared.


 This portion of the dream realm had already turned into nourishment for Fang Yuan.


 “Could it be that someone else has succeeded in exploring the dream realm?” Feng Jin Huang thought of this before laughing lightly to herself, “That is not possible. Mother used the sect’s help and already deduced that I possess the only dream path Immortal Gu in Central Continent. It seems this dream realm is truly special, it will gradually shrink with time.”


 “I need to hurry up!” Feng Jin Huang squinted her eyes as she activated dream wings Immortal Gu.


 Her dream wings flapped, bringing her soul into the dream realm.


 The moment she entered, Feng Jin Huang felt great joy.


 “This is clearly a deeper layer of the dream realm, this is great, I finally don’t have to face that damned wind knot grass!” Right now, Feng Jin Huang was jumping with joy in the dream realm.


 However, after a while, Feng Jin Huang returned, utterly defeated.


 Her injured soul returned to its body, her face extremely pale.


 “There is no more wind knot grass, but now there is this even more complex astrolabe chessboard…” She bitterly looked at this dream realm in front of her, the external manifestation releasing all kinds of colors, gorgeous and mysterious.


 Grievance and anger filled her, but she had nowhere to vent it.


 Feng Jin Huang had gained many benefits from dream realms before, and with the dream wings Immortal Gu in her hands, she had gotten the thought that ‘dream realms are just so-so’, having a low opinion of the obstacles inside.


 Over her life, she had never failed so miserably like this.


 She had already spent the last few days facing this dream realm, she had received all sorts of injuries dozens of times, but had not made even the smallest gain!


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, I will remember you…” Feng Jin Huang gritted her teeth, her eyes rolled backwards and she fainted, she finally could not endure the injuries.


 Time passed quickly, it was already the last day of the agreement.


 All the Gu Masters who had entered the fragment world came out and returned to the sides of their respective sect’s Gu Immortals, reporting on their findings.


 Soon, all the immortals’ gazes gathered on Fang Yuan and He Feng Yang.


 In this contest, Immortal Crane Sect without doubt monopolized the lead, not only eating meat, they did not even leave behind soup for others.


 In such a situation, Fang Yuan naturally did not want to stay for long.


 He completed the handover to He Feng Yang on the spot, and left this valley while keeping his dragonfish.


 Fang Yuan remained silent about his gains, he was fully aware that he was the biggest winner in this contest!



***
Chapter 916 - Dual Grandmaster!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The underground cave was shining with blood red light.


 The faint blood red light originated from stalks of blood colored lingzhi in the cave. These blood colored lingzhi grew freely, they were mutated from ordinary lingzhi.


 The original zhi forest was not suitable for Hu Immortal blessed land.


 But after the blood poison kerria earthly calamity, Hu Immortal blessed land gained some blood path dao marks, the environment of the entire area changed drastically, it was suitable for the growth of some blood path life forms.


 Thus, the originally dwindling zhi forest turned into a blood zhi forest, it grew rapidly and became extremely lush.


 And earlier, Hu Immortal blessed land had chestnut flowers, poisonous blue degree grass, water chestnut grass, six divine grass, seven colored seven treasure flowers, and milk tea flowers and more growing all over it, but they were all wiped out.


 When comparing the two, one could see how merciless heaven was, there was a feeling of great changes over time, there was some profound meaning behind it.


 Fang Yuan sat on a giant blood lingzhi.


 At this moment, he was slowly opening his eyes, letting out a breath of cloudy air.


 Earlier, when he moved about, he used the identity of Xing Xiang Zi, as well as vaguely familiar face to disguise his appearance.


 Right now, in Hu Immortal blessed land, he was in his base camp, he did not need to use immortal essence to maintain the transformation path killer move, Fang Yuan was in his original zombie form now.


 He had eight arms, his face was green and his eyes were bright red, he was six meters tall with protruding fangs, he was shining with a cold glint among the blood red light.


 But at this moment, his eyes were shining with a deep light of wisdom.


 This light was the accumulation of time, the crystallization of time and space, it was moving and formed a stark contrast to his evil and ruthless appearance.


 Recalling his earlier thoughts, Fang Yuan let out a breath of foggy air, he sighed softly: “The gains this time are simply too much.”


 He had to admit this point.


 Because from this exploration of the dream realm, Fang Yuan’s star path and wisdom path attainment reached grandmaster level!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm not only made Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment level increase, it also raised his star path attainment level.


 Fang Yuan was very shocked regarding this.


 Grandmaster attainment level!


 What did this mean?


 After accumulating foundation in both his previous life and current life, Fang Yuan only became a grandmaster in blood path and strength path.


 Among them, blood path grandmaster was because Fang Yuan cultivated blood path mainly in his previous life, it was accumulated through time.


 As for strength path grandmaster, he had cultivated it on the side in his previous life, while mainly cultivating it this time. Because he had a foundation in his previous life, when he cultivated it this time, with the help of the immortal ascension tribulation, he obtained a chance to learn from heaven and earth. Furthermore, there was Hei Lou Lan’s dream realm.


 With all these reasons, he managed to accumulate sufficient foundation.


 After exerting so much effort in both lives, using more than five hundred years, he only became a grandmaster in two paths.


 But this time, he only explored a dream realm of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and spent less than half a month, yet he was already a wisdom path and star path grandmaster!


 It was impossible to see his grandmaster attainment level physically, but Fang Yuan knew: His gains were immeasurable! He could even say it was more valuable than Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “My gains this time will allow me to grow immensely for this period of time, I can even break out of my predicament!”


 Generally speaking, development was the result of accumulation and gradual progress, by growing slowly and steadily, one would achieve success in the end.


 But fortuitous encounters and windfalls would allow one to experience explosive growth, jumping out of a stale state and saving huge amounts of time, overturning the situation and obtaining an extraordinary achievement.


 Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had been resolving difficulties, he advanced bravely and had many gains, they were extremely helpful to him, allowing him to find solutions.


 Liquor worm, Spring Autumn Cicada, blood skull Gu, bone flesh unity Gu, all-out effort Gu, Three Kings blessed land, Hu Immortal blessed land, second aperture Gu, becoming a strength path Gu Immortal and gaining inspiration from nature, as well as wisdom Gu.


 Other than these, there were other areas in which he grew and progressed, but they did not overturn his situations.


 However, after this trip to Starry Sky grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan had gained a new shocking harvest, that was his dual grandmaster attainment level!


 Among which, wisdom Gu was a rank nine Immortal Gu, it had reached an agreement with Fang Yuan, but it was not his, the degree to which he could make use of it was not high.


 However, attainment levels were something that belonged entirely to the Gu Immortal themselves.


 In Fang Yuan’s opinion, dual grandmaster attainment level was more valuable than wisdom Gu itself!


 “Since rebirth, this can be considered another situation where I made immense and shocking gains, yet this time the process was very easy, it was unthinkably simple.”


 Fang Yuan could feel the mysteries of the twists and turns over life in opportunities from this.


 He naturally had some guesses, perhaps this was related to Connect Luck?


 Speaking of which, ever since he used Connect Luck, Fang Yuan’s cultivation journey had become much smoother.


 The rise of his attainment levels, especially when they rose to grandmaster attainment level, gave an incredible feeling, he could not describe it!


 It was as if Fang Yuan had previously been looking out of the window and seeing a large rock formation, filled with crevices and weeds.


 Now, he took a few steps up and could see further and higher.


 He could now observe part of the rock formation by looking down, he felt that this part of the formation was as tiny as a pebble beneath his feet now!


 When he looked further ahead, he could see more, and understand deeper.


 Attainment level, this was something very hard to describe.


 What was attainment level?


 Even for the developed Gu Master cultivation world, everyone had their own explanations for it, there was no unified description.


 Fang Yuan’s soul came from Earth.


 This difference made him possess a different understanding regarding the phrase attainment level.


 “So-called attainment levels are like mathematics problems. By answering many mathematics questions, one can accumulate experience when they get the correct answer, they will eventually understand the crux of them, gaining enlightenment and raising their attainment level. With this level of understanding, they can solve other related mathematics questions easily, and get the right answer. When they encounter very unfamiliar questions, they can also use their existing knowledge to answer a portion of them.”


 Thus, when Fang Yuan encounters questions in cultivation, because his attainment level rose, he could solve the question to varying degrees.


 For example, Fang Yuan’s use of wisdom Gu earlier was just superficial, it was a brutish and forced method. Now that he had wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, he gained many inspirations and ideas, he could try to use some supplementary Gu worms to make use of wisdom Gu more efficiently.


 Another example was modifying Gu recipes.


 Back then, Fang Yuan had tried to modify recipes of memory thought Gu, star thought Gu and malicious thought Gu, but because his wisdom path attainment level was low, he kept failing, he encountered impasses and could not advance.


 Afterwards, he successfully modified star thought Gu’s recipe, but he was making use of starlight Immortal Gu, it was not because of his own abilities.


 Now, Fang Yuan could feel that he could modify these Gu recipes, and they would be even better than before.


 Going beyond this, Fang Yuan was even confident that he could perfect incomplete inheritances. Like earlier, Fang Yuan had obtained an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, memory thought Gu, reminiscence Immortal Gu, and multiple mortal killer moves were included. With his grandmaster attainment level now, Fang Yuan could deduce this inheritance to a degree, and even restore it.


 Gu recipes could be modified, he could modify killer moves as well. The killer moves myriad self, vaguely familiar face, they were within the range of possible applications.


 Also battlefield killer moves, Fang Yuan could not find one after so long, but now he had the foundation needed to create one himself!


 Or for example, the construction of Star Form blessed land, earlier, Fang Yuan’s plans needed huge amounts of funds. Now, with his wisdom path and star path attainment levels, he could improve this plan and save an immensely large number of immortal essence stones in construction fees! Furthermore, this new plan would be even more ideal and useful than the previous one!


 The raising of hairy men, his eight sources of revenue, the use of Gu Immortal souls, the claiming of Ge Pi blessed land, there were many things he could do.


 The rise of attainment levels was quite special.


 In conclusion, when attainment levels rise, the person experiences growth in all aspects. The Gu Master’s cultivation journey would be refreshed, there would be great prospects, their strength would rise up as well!


 Time passed quickly.


 In terms of the five regions’ time, half a month passed.


 Two wills were intertwined, battling intensely.


 Fang Yuan’s will had the complete advantage, he was suppressing Mo Yao’s will.


 Fang Yuan’s will’s advantage continued to grow, he could almost toy with Mo Yao’s will easily now.


 “How can this be, how can your capabilities rise by so much?!” Mo Yao’s will screamed in shocked anger.


 Before this, Fang Yuan had been using a similar amount of will to fight with Mo Yao’s will, they were at best evenly matched, he was even at a disadvantage.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment level had reached grandmaster level, he only used one third of the will to defeat Mo Yao’s will till she screamed in fear.


 From the start of the battle, Fang Yuan was implacably in the lead, suppressing Mo Yao’s will and preventing her from doing anything.


 “Earlier, I used Mo Yao’s will as a training dummy, I learned many techniques by fighting with her will. Now, I am far beyond Mo Yao’s will, I can use many techniques naturally and smoothly. Mo Yao’s will has lost her value as a training dummy.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan drew back his will.


 He placed all his attention on the battlefield killer move in front of him, eight doors labyrinth.


 Ten days ago, Fang Yuan left Hu Immortal blessed land, he came to Eastern Sea and joined up with Shark Demon and the rest, exploring Yu Lu blessed land.


 The tough barrier back then — Eight Doors Labyrinth, was now resolvable by Fang Yuan, who was a wisdom path grandmaster.


 Back then, Fang Yuan had thought that he would need the wisdom path Immortal Gu, Star Thought, to have a chance of dismantling eight doors labyrinth.


 But now, he could multitask, deducing the battlefield killer move while secretly sparring with Mo Yao’s will.


 Most importantly, after tens of days had passed in the blessed land’s time, under Fang Yuan’s lead, Shark Demon and the others were finally close to unraveling eight doors labyrinth.


 “We are about to pass eight doors labyrinth, to think that this Xing Xiang Zi would suddenly become so fierce!”


 “Eight doors labyrinth, is this battlefield killer move the final obstacle in Yu Lu blessed land?”


 The immortals were secretly excited.


 Boom!


 With a thunderous sound, eight doors labyrinth was thoroughly unraveled by Fang Yuan.


 Yu Lu blessed land’s true appearance appeared before all the immortals!



***
Chapter 917 - Unmoving Troops


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After dismantling the battlefield killer move eight doors labyrinth, everyone field of vision widened, seeing Yu Lu blessed land’s true appearance.


 Only to see that there were flashing lights in the sky, they were like traces of silk or streams of water, some were moving slowly, while others were creating dazzling ripples.


 Red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple… each light had a bright color. Dazzling light shined on everyone’s faces.


 Fang Yuan, Shark Demon, and the others did not speak. They looked at this amazing sight as they showed some excitement and amazement.


 This Yu Lu blessed land was very different from normal blessed lands!


 Ordinary blessed lands had the sky, ground, vegetation, flowers, birds, worms, and fish.


 But here, there was nothing.


 Yu Lu blessed land was very unique, it was merely a broad space without any concept of sky or ground, there was no living beings, and there were also no resources that Gu Immortals usually accumulated.


 “Maybe this uniqueness is the reason why Yu Lu blessed land can set up battlefield killer moves of countless paths.” Fang Yuan had a realization.


 Normally speaking, there were huge conflicts between battlefield killer moves and blessed lands or grotto-heavens. Few Gu Immortals were capable of setting up battlefield killer moves in their blessed lands or grotto-heavens.


 Because battlefield killer moves used Gu worms to engrave dao marks and temporarily create a battlefield.


 Meanwhile, grotto-heavens and blessed lands were made of dao marks.


 Because the dao marks varied, they conflicted. When Lang Ya blessed land was attacked by Qin Bai Sheng and the others, Lang Ya land spirit did not use a battlefield killer move to resist them. That was because within the blessed land, establishing a battlefield killer move was detrimental to oneself.


 But Yu Lu blessed land went against this common sense of the cultivation world.


 In Fang Yuan’s case, when he attacked Yu Lu blessed land, he had encountered three battlefield killer moves, freezing rain frozen earth, fighting soul battlefield, and eight doors labyrinth.


 These three were evidently immortal killer moves from different paths, they would not normally gather in the hands of a single Gu Immortal and become used in their immortal aperture.


 But within Yu Lu blessed land, not only were these three used, they did not clash with the blessed land at all, in fact, they seemed to complement each other in a way.


 “Fairy Yu Lu was a disciple of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. It is not strange that her immortal aperture blessed land is like this.” Su Bai Man looked as she let out a deep breath, saying this.
