

 “Even though there are fewer resources here, if we can learn Fairy Yu Lu’s methods and use it in our own immortal apertures, we would be able to use battlefield killer moves in it, that would be a huge gain!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes flashed with brilliance.


 At this time, a Gu Immortal who went with them pointed at a direction as he shouted: “Quickly look, Immortal Gu!”


 Everyone quickly looked towards the direction the Gu Immortal was pointing.


 As expected, they saw a Gu worm that had a special appearance. It was long and slim, like a twig. It had numerous thin golden colored wings, fluttering in the sky.


 The entire Gu worm looked like a branch of a long golden willow.


 This Gu worm quickly drilled into a nearby flashing light and vanished.


 But during this moment it was seen, its Immortal Gu aura was undeniably exposed.


 Everyone’s gazes became heated, their breathing became rough, but they were not surprised.


 There were naturally Immortal Gu in Yu Lu blessed land.


 If there were no Immortal Gu, how could those battlefield killer moves earlier be constructed?


 Even though Yu Lu blessed land did not have an accumulation of resources, with so many battlefield killer moves, it had to have a good number of Immortal Gu!


 Shark Demon raised his head and laughed, breaking the silence.


 He was overjoyed.


 Even though the main gains had to be given to Zombie Alliance, he was the person who took down the blessed land, he would gain the biggest reward of at least one or two Immortal Gu.


 Other than that, by succeeding in taking down Yu Lu blessed land, he would also receive a huge sum of contribution points from Zombie Alliance.


 If Shark Demon could find an Immortal Gu that suited him, he would definitely take it for himself.


 This was the benefit of being the person in charge.


 If he found any mystical Immortal Gu that could help him and his wife revive and get rid of the zombie status, that would be best.


 Reviving from being a zombie and becoming human, not only was Fang Yuan working towards it, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were doing the same.


 Seeing Shark Demon laugh, everyone started congratulating him.


 Su Bai Man smiled more subtly.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had put in huge investment into the mission of invading Yu Lu blessed land, they had almost used up their savings.


 On the surface, it could not be noticed, but Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were facing immense pressure.


 Right now, their investment was finally bearing fruit.


 As long as they obtained a rank seven Immortal Gu, all of their investments would be essentially paid off.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were joyous, the weights on their minds had been removed.


 “Once Yu Lu blessed land is captured, everyone here will be compensated according to the contributions you have made, you will not be shortchanged.” Shark Demon smiled as he spoke seriously.


 Everyone nodded, they stepped back and asked Shark Demon and Su Bai Man to go ahead.


 With immense benefits in front of them, some Gu Immortals might become rash. Shark Demon’s words were both an assurance and threat.


 Everyone could understand his underlying meaning.


 “Alright, everyone can wait and see.” Shark Demon did not refuse, he struck.


 He willed and turned into a flash of light, with a swooshing sound, he tore through space and shot out, the direction was towards the golden willow branch-like Immortal Gu earlier.


 Everyone saw Shark Demon rapidly approaching the Immortal Gu, but suddenly, there were ripples in space as Shark Demon vanished.


 At the next moment, he appeared beside everyone with a shocked expression.


 “What happened?” Su Bai Man asked in suspicion.


 Shark Demon shook his head, he said in an uncertain tone: “It seems to be another battlefield killer move?”


 Next, everyone tried but they could not move out, it attested to Shark Demon’s guess.


 “This is a space path battlefield killer move, even though it has no offensive power, it is definitely more profound than the previous battlefield killer moves.”


 “Did all of you notice, every time we get transported back, we would be in our original spots. Our positions would not change at all.”


 “Such an ability, this has to be the legendary unmoving troops.”


 The Gu Immortals discussed and eventually came to a consensus.


 Battlefield killer move — Unmoving Troops. This was the final battlefield killer move, it obstructed everyone.


 This battlefield killer move had a huge origin, it was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable personally.


 The work of an Immortal Venerable was truly profound.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had a mild and kind temperament, he was vast different from the other nine Gu Immortal Venerables.


 He was merciful, he did not like killing since he was young, he often subdued people with kindness, taking down enemies without fighting.


 Battlefield killer move unmoving troops, once someone entered this formation with any intent to battle, malicious thoughts, or lust, they would be unable to progress at all, unable to move.


 In the past, before Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable became a rank nine Gu Immortal, he used this move to subdue a famous rank seven sound path Gu Immortal, Gao Ming. In that battle, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not move, he only used the battlefield immortal killer move unmoving troops, no matter what methods Gao Ming used, he exerted all of his strength and did not even managed to get one step closer to Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 This battle made the arrogant Gao Ming lose his temper. He then followed Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, becoming his guard henceforth.


 “Since this has to do with wills and thoughts, why don’t we shut our minds and temporarily stop thinking.” Fang Yuan said.


 It was not hard to achieve this.


 Gu Immortals mostly had some wisdom path techniques, Fang Yuan was currently disguised as Xing Xiang Zi, he was also partly a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 But everyone’s attempts ended in failure.


 Some Gu Immortals did not have outstanding wisdom path techniques. During this process of moving forward, their desires and thoughts were stirred up, breaking their thoughtless state.


 Only certain Gu Immortals, including Fang Yuan, could achieve a state of having no thoughts.


 But the problem came after that!


 Without any thoughts, how could one capture any Gu worms?


 The body’s movement was decided by the thoughts that were generated in the mind.


 Without these thoughts, the body would stay still on the ground. In this situation, there was no need for the battlefield killer move, the Gu Immortals themselves could not move.


 “Sigh! No wonder back then, Gu Immortal Gao Ming became dejected and willingly submitted to the rank seven Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, becoming his guard.”


 “To get through this round, it is hard, hard, hard!”


 “The worst part is, Yu Lu blessed land is right in front of us, undeniably, this is the final obstacle, but we can only watch here and look on, unable to gain anything!”


 “Maybe this arrangement was the intention of Fairy Yu Lu. She purposely let us see hope, luring out our thoughts and desires, it increases the difficulty of taking down this battlefield killer move.”


 “If we really cannot succeed, we will have to retreat and seek reinforcements.” Su Bai Man suggested as she frowned.


 Shark Demon looked ahead, becoming silent.


 Earlier, he had invited a wisdom path Gu Immortal over, but he lost an Immortal Gu to her, thus he did not at all like this idea.


 At the crucial moment, only a person on their own side could be trusted.


 Shark Demon looked at Fang Yuan, now that Fang Yuan was part of Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, he was one of them.


 Shark Demon asked: “Xing Xiang Zi, do you have any means? If you do, use them, don’t worry, your compensation will not be small.”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “To unravel this battlefield killer move, it can be said to be both easy and difficult.”


 “Oh? What do you mean?”


 Fang Yuan looked around, seeing that he had attracted all of their attentions, he said slowly: “Everyone, do not be scared due to the reputation of unmoving troops. Back then, Gao Ming lost because the battlefield killer move was controlled by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. Right now, we are facing an unmanned battlefield killer move. It is far easier to deal with this one.”


 “That makes sense.”


 “Indeed, with a Gu Immortal controlling the battlefield killer move, it could transform and replenish continuously. But a battlefield killer move without any Gu Immortals controlling it is very inflexible.”


 Everyone saw hope and felt joy after hearing Fang Yuan’s words.


 But next, Fang Yuan’s words threw them into dejection again: “Attacking an unmanned battlefield killer move is relatively simpler. But to me, it is extremely difficult to unravel this current one, there is almost no hope of success.”


 Everyone’s expressions crumbled, they cast somewhat unkind gazes towards Fang Yuan.


 One of the Gu Immortals said agitatedly: “Xing Xiang Zi, you talked a lot of crap, just tell us if you’re useless. Speaking like this, are you trying to toy with us?”


 Fang Yuan laughed as he looked at Shark Demon.


 Shark Demon showed no expression on his face, but it was obvious that his mood was currently terrible.


 Fang Yuan suddenly stopped his smiling expression, he bowed to Shark Demon as he said solemnly: “Why would I dare to toy with everyone? I am truly restricted by a lack of resources, if I can refine a wisdom path Immortal Gu, I would have great confidence in unraveling the battlefield killer move unmoving troops for sure.”



***
Chapter 918 - Blazing Heaven Demoness


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Shark sea, underwater palace.


 Delicious delicacies filled the table, the aroma of wine pervaded the air, and the lantern lights shined brightly.


 In the banquet, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man sat on the main seats, treating two Gu Immortals in the hall with utmost cordiality.


 These two Gu Immortals were none other than Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 After they ran into a barrier in Yu Lu blessed land, and knew that staying longer would be of no use, Shark Demon and the group sensibly retreated.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had originally intended to leave, but were invited over by Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 This was already the third time Fang Yuan had participated in Shark Demon’s shark fishing banquet.


 Gulping down the fine wine, Shark Demon put down the wine cup and looked at Fang Yuan, suddenly asking: “Xing Xiang Zi, how much assurance do you truly have in unraveling unmoving troops?”


 Fang Yuan thought inwardly: ‘The time has come.’


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had been talking about all sorts of irrelevant matters, but he just kept quiet and did not speak about the matter first. Shark Demon finally could not hold it in and spoke about the subject.


 Fang Yuan immediately replied: “Lord Shark Demon, you are also aware of how things stand for me. The wisdom path inheritance I inherited is complete. Moreover, recently, I have comprehended many mysteries, thus I could unravel the battlefield killer move eight doors labyrinth. But up until now, I have been suffering from having no relevant wisdom path Immortal Gu, thus my methods are limited and my capabilities insufficient. If I could refine this wisdom path Immortal Gu, I can definitely unravel unmanned unmoving troops.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng, who was beside him, also backed him up: “I have known Brother Xing Xiang for many years, I know he is not someone who exaggerates or speaks empty words. Since he says he has confidence, then he definitely has confidence. I can guarantee this.”


 Su Bai Man, however, was not satisfied with Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s guarantee, as she looked at the person in concern, Fang Yuan, and pursued: “If you have the wisdom path Immortal Gu, can you guarantee you can unravel that battlefield killer move?”


 Fang Yuan did not answer directly, instead taking a step back in order to advance further, intentionally giving a bitter smile: “How can I have complete certainty? This matter concerns Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, one of the ten supreme experts in history! If something unexpected happens, it would be normal. But for now at least, based on the part that is shown, I am quite confident of unraveling it if I can have the help of the wisdom path Immortal Gu.”


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man glanced at each other, although they were angry at Fang Yuan’s slippery words, they were moved as well.


 There was no other way.


 They had suffered much hardship beforehand.


 Previously, they had spent a considerable price to invite other wisdom path Gu Immortals to help, but the outcome was emphatically not ideal, they even lost an Immortal Gu in the end.


 As for Xing Xiang Zi....


 They had cooperated with him many times now, and knew many details about him. More importantly, Fang Yuan had joined Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, and could be considered a person on the same side.


 Thus, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man’s first choice was Fang Yuan.


 However, financing Fang Yuan to refine Immortal Gu was difficult as well.


 The cost of refining Immortal Gu was rather high, while the success rate was too low, and depended on luck.


 If luck was good, one could refine successfully in the first attempt. Then everything would be a joyous matter. But this situation was very rare.


 If luck was not good, there was a possibility of always failing. At that time, even if there was a huge pile of immortal essence stones, they would just be wasted with no gains.


 This was also the reason most Gu Immortals would rather capture wild Immortal Gu than to think of refining Immortal Gu themselves.


 Refining Immortal Gu was difficult.


 In the present cultivation world, many rank six Gu Immortals did not have even one Immortal Gu on them, and could only use mortal Gu to hold their own.


 Fang Yuan was a special case. He had a lot of Immortal Gu, so many that were they to be exposed, perhaps people would not believe it!


 However, he had reborn, had fortuitous encounters, taken deadly risks, and faced all sorts of harsh conditions to obtain these Immortal Gu.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man did not know these details, but they were aware of Fang Yuan’s intention.


 Fang Yuan wanted to rely on them to lend him a hand in refining wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 As far as they were concerned, Fang Yuan could not afford this expenditure and had no accumulations to refine Immortal Gu, thus he was making them help him.


 If it were any other time, Shark Demon would definitely have scoffed and not even given a thought.


 What a joke!


 How silly would he be to help others refine Immortal Gu?


 However, in the current situation, Shark Demon had to request Fang Yuan’s help in unraveling the battlefield killer move.


 Right now, Shark Demon had one question on his mind — was Xing Xiang Zi fooling them? Was he using this chance to blackmail them, when even without Immortal Gu, he had the ability to unravel this battlefield killer move?


 Fang Yuan saw Shark Demon’s hesitation, but did not speak and only drank the wine.


 This moment and time was just perfect, Fang Yuan had confidence.


 Previously, the timing was wrong, now Yu Lu blessed land was laid out in front of them like a juicy piece of meat dangling in the air, tempting Shark Demon. This had indeed done a great favor to Fang Yuan.


 As long as they completely dismantled unmoving troops, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man would gain lots of benefits, obtaining hundreds of times what they had invested!


 Naturally, with Fang Yuan’s personality, he had already thought of devouring these alone, and backstabbing them.


 However, his strength was not enough to beat even just Shark Demon!


 Shark Demon was a veteran rank seven immortal zombie, although Fang Yuan had rank seven battle strength, it was not outstanding among rank seven Gu Immortals.


 But this was already quite good, after all, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was only at the bottom tier of rank six.


 Fang Yuan could not defeat even Shark Demon, let alone when there were Su Bai Man and other Gu Immortals as well. As for Zombie Alliance behind Shark Demon, there was even less need to mention them.


 For a colossal force like Zombie Alliance, Fang Yuan was just a rat running across the street.


 Fang Yuan was rational and calm, and knew his own limits. He had observed and evaluated the situation before he joined this expedition, in order to get a share of the profits and extract the greatest benefits for himself.


 When Fang Yuan drank the third cup of wine, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had already finished their secret discussion.


 They quickly reached a consensus.


 They decided to aid Fang Yuan financially and help him refine wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 Even if it was Fang Yuan blackmailing them, they had no choice but to settle for it!


 They did not even force Fang Yuan to make an oath or use Gu worms to probe out his true thoughts.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were, naturally, not foolish.


 Besides urgently needing Fang Yuan’s help for this final important hurdle, they also had another intention.


 That was to improve their relationship with Fang Yuan.


 After all, the wisdom path potential Fang Yuan showed was already worth it for them to make an investment.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were rare, having a friendship with a wisdom path Gu Immortal was very precious.


 However, just as Shark Demon was about to reply, there was suddenly a change.


 The immense sea shook intensely, thunder crackled, and countless chaotic sea currents pressed on towards the underwater palace.


 Immediately, a piercing fire pillar shot down from outside the sea, directly striking at Shark Demon’s underwater palace with shocking might.


 Rumble!


 A loud sound reverberated through the area, and the magnificent underwater palace shined with the radiance of a defensive Gu formation.


 However, the light could not last for even a breath of time before it was torn apart by the fire pillar.


 In an instant, stones and bricks broke and flew in all directions, the palace turned into ruins, the fire kept on burning and was actually not extinguished by the sea.


 The extremely pleasant banquet had now thoroughly ended, as the endless sea water surged in, sweeping away all the furnishings and the delicacies of the banquet, and soon submerged Fang Yuan and the group.


 However, the four were all Gu Immortals, and had no problems staying in this depth of the sea.


 Shark Demon was an immortal zombie, and did not need to breathe in the sea.


 He was dazed for a moment before suddenly standing up and looked at the sky above the sea, shouting in fury: “Such audacity! Who dares to attack my sea area?”


 Su Bai Man also stood beside Shark Demon, similarly gazing up, her expression pale.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng glanced at each other, puzzled.


 Shark Demon had outstanding strength, and with Su Bai Man accompanying him everywhere, they could advance or retreat easily. Such a duo was already extremely dangerous to provoke, more importantly, there was also Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance behind them.


 Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance was the main headquarters of the Zombie Alliances over the five regions. They were a colossal force, a level stronger than even super forces, and could even be called an overlord of the Eastern Sea cultivation world.


 Who is it that came to attack Zombie Alliance’s Shark Demon?


 “Hahaha.” Shark Demon had just shouted, when a voice resounded in everyone’s ears, “This is only a small appetizer, I am not only going to destroy your palace, I will also beat you lowlife lovers till you can’t even stand up!”


 The voice was extremely arrogant and domineering, moreover from the voice, it was a female immortal?


 “It’s her?!” Su Bai Man said, her eyes widened, showing a clearly surprised and grave look.


 A bright red figure descended from the sky, pressing down into the sea and towards the four on the seabed.


 Fang Yuan gazed above at this female immortal and saw she was descending extremely fast. Her whole body was blazing with fire which swayed in the water. As for her true appearance, it was hidden in the flames and could not be seen clearly.


 “This surging aura... a rank eight Gu Immortal!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng blurted.


 Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, adding a sentence inwardly: ‘More precisely, this is a rank eight female immortal zombie.’


 Immediately, Shark Demon shouted out the female immortal’s identity.


 “Blazing Heaven Demoness, have you gone crazy? You dare to attack a person belonging to Zombie Alliance like you? You are challenging Zombie Alliance’s authority, and will definitely be severely punished.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened, as he recalled that he had heard this name before.


 This name was a famous one.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, a rank eight Gu Immortal. She was from Northern Plains, the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch!


 After Fang Yuan had infiltrated into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, he had heard other members mention and talk of her many times, praising and revering Blazing Heaven Demoness’ formidable strength and domineering style.


 Fang Yuan had not expected to see such a person in this way.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, who was covered in fire, laughed loudly: “Shark Demon, don’t talk nonsense. The matter between us is an internal conflict between Zombie Alliance members. Speak! What are you trying to do by stealing my immortal material?”


 Su Bai Man was just about to question Blazing Heaven Demoness, but had not expected Blazing Heaven Demoness to blame them first.


 Shark Demon shouted: “Nonsense! When did I steal your immortal material? If you want to frame me, go find a better reason! These last days, I have only been paying attention to doing the assignment of Zombie Alliance, invading Yu Lu blessed land, when would I have the time to steal your immortal material? You are just trying to start a quarrel!”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, however, was not flustered, instead confidently laughing: “Hahaha, I came here with a witness. Shark Demon, you won’t be able to deny it!”


 Shark Demon was so furious that he laughed: “Good, good, let me see what witness you have.”



***
Chapter 919 - Angry Bird


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the sea and under the water, the two sides were in a stalemate, it was a tense atmosphere.


 A moment ago, Fang Yuan was still enjoying a banquet with Shark Demon and his wife, having a joyous time. But at the next moment, they were attacked, the entire underwater palace of Shark Demon was turned into rubble.


 As the saying goes: While a person stays in their house, calamity descends from the sky.


 Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng as the latter transmitted: “Blazing Heaven Demoness is a rank eight great expert, she is not someone we can fight.”


 Fang Yuan nodded inconspicuously, he understood Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s intention, that was to sit and watch.


 At Gu Immortal level, the higher the rank, the greater the difference between them.


 Even if Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Shark Demon, and Su Bai Man collaborated and worked together sincerely, they might not be able to hold off Blazing Heaven Demoness over multiple rounds even if they disregarded the cost.


 This was an absolutely powerful foe.


 Normally, only rank eight Gu Immortals could fight other rank eights.


 Shark Demon also knew this, thus, even though his house was destroyed, he did not dare to fight Blazing Heaven Demoness head on.


 With Shark Demon’s temper, if his house was destroyed, he would burst into anger and attack. But because it was Blazing Heaven Demoness, a rank eight Gu Immortal, he had to control himself even if he was angry.


 He knew he was not a match for the rank eight Gu Immortal, the best way to solve this problem now was to use Zombie Alliance’s rules and negotiate with her.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had gone against the rules of Zombie Alliance, she was finding problems with an ally, how could that be allowed? Such blatant attacks are simply giving no regard to Zombie Alliance!


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled confidently, like she had already won: “Shark Demon, isn’t it simple to justify my actions?”


 “Bo Dan, come out!” Blazing Heaven Demoness called.


 Gu Immortal Bo Dan stood out from behind Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 He lowered his head, his expression was bitter as he bowed deeply: “Lord Shark Demon, Lady Su Bai Man, I was forced against my will!”


 Seeing Bo Dan, Shark Demon’s expression turned dark.


 His wife Su Bai Man also snorted coldly, she had an idea of what Blazing Heaven Demoness’ plan was.


 As expected, at the next moment, everyone heard Blazing Heaven Demoness scream: “Shark Demon, Su Bai Man, the two of you instructed Bo Dan to steal my rank eight immortal material, medicine ice. I was in closed cultivation and was careless, the two of you actually succeeded. Today, I am here to seek justice!”


 As it turned out, Bo Dan was quite pitiful, even though he was alive, he had no choice but to join Zombie Alliance.


 Just earlier, his private sea area was taken over by Blazing Heaven Demoness using brute force.


 Fang Yuan entered Eastern Sea using Xing Xiang Zi’s identity and joined Shark Demon in the invasion of Yu Lu blessed land.


 Bo Dan was a half-baked wisdom path Gu Immortal, his skill was lacking, he was schemed against by Fang Yuan.


 To protect his status, he had to bribe Su Bai Man and give her the rank eight immortal material medicine ice, so that Su Bai Man would defend him.


 But Bo Dan was still too incapable, he and Shark Demon slowly became estranged.


 Bo Dan was left with no choice, he attempted to use Zombie Alliance to exert pressure on Blazing Heaven Demoness, so that she would return him his private sea area.


 However, he was only rank six, while Blazing Heaven Demoness was a rank eight great expert. As the leader of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, she was a higher-up. Even though Zombie Alliance received Bo Dan’s plea and complaint, they dragged out his request and tried to stall for time. How could they offend the powerful Blazing Heaven Demoness for this mere Bo Dan?


 Thus, Bo Dan’s situation became increasingly pathetic, until Fang Yuan unraveled the battlefield killer move eight doors labyrinth and obtained a huge breakthrough in the invasion of Yu Lu blessed land.


 Ever since Shark Demon invaded Yu Lu blessed land, he had been receiving heavy attention.


 Seeing that Yu Lu blessed land was about to be taken down, with such great benefits, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ greed was stirred.


 Even though Blazing Heaven Demoness had incredible cultivation level, she was superior to them and had great strength, but she could not forcefully take over the fruits of the labor of Yu Lu blessed land.


 After all, this was Eastern Sea, not Northern Plains.


 This was the Zombie Alliance headquarters, not her Northern Plains branch.


 Since she was a member of Zombie Alliance, she could not break the rules.


 Thus, she sent Bo Dan a message, lying that she would return him his private sea area and would compensate him.


 Bo Dan had no long term accommodation, as he was wandering about, he received this news and was overjoyed.


 In the end, when he returned, he was forced by Blazing Heaven Demoness to frame Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 Bo Dan did not dare to offend Blazing Heaven Demoness, but he also did not dare to offend Shark Demon and Su Bai Man. He realized that he had fallen into a trap and was in deep regret, but now that he was in Blazing Heaven Demoness’ hands, he had no choice left.


 In the end, he was captured by Blazing Heaven Demoness and was brought to attack Shark Demon’s underwater palace.


 Shark Demon’s gaze moved from Bo Dan to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 He knew that Bo Dan was just a minor character, he was not crucial.


 This accusation would not hold up against any investigations.


 Shark Demon held in the anger inside him as he sneered at Blazing Heaven Demoness: “Blazing Heaven Demoness, just say it if you want to pick the fruits, why must you implicate an innocent person?”


 Su Bai Man followed: “Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, you are a rank eight great expert, aren’t your current actions too ugly?”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed loudly.


 She naturally knew that this excuse was weak.


 But that did not matter.


 She just needed a cover, just an excuse would do.


 This excuse was only used to respond to Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, it could not force Shark Demon and his wife to obey her.


 To force Shark Demon and his wife, what was needed was not an excuse, but strength.


 Thus, she came here personally with overflowing battle intent, she was here to find trouble with them!


 “Hahaha...” Blazing Heaven Demoness’ laughter stopped, her eyes shined with brilliance as she looked at the sea, suddenly saying: “Three moves.”


 “What?” Su Bai Man was shocked.


 “I will finish you off in three moves. If you can block three moves of mine, I will pretend I was never here.” Blazing Heaven Demoness said sternly.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man looked at each other, the former let out a breath of turbid air and agreed: “Alright! Let the four of us experience your power!”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ three moves agreement made Shark Demon see some hope.


 Of course, the most important reason was that they were helpless in this situation. He had to agree regardless of his wishes!


 Weaklings had no choices in the first place.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng frowned slightly, he did not want to take action, but Shark Demon was crafty, with a few words he directly included Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng on his side, against Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Fang Yuan was calm, showing no change of expression.


 Su Bai Man transmitted to them: “If we can survive this ordeal, both of us will owe you a favor, as for compensation, we will pay you a sum that is sure to satisfy you. We hope that both of you can support us!”


 “Don’t worry, we will do our best.” Fang Yuan transmitted in return.


 In his mind, he had made his decision, he would just pretend to exert effort, only an idiot would help in such a dangerous and pointless request!


 Su Bai Man nodded at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, showing a hint of gratitude in her gaze.


 “I am a wisdom path Gu Immortal, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng is skilled at healing, even if we perform badly later, we have sufficient reasons to justify ourselves.” Fang Yuan stood out, standing with Shark Demon and Su Bai Man, facing Blazing Heaven Demoness who was at the surface of the sea.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed internally, standing beside Fang Yuan.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed lightly, with a look of nonchalance.


 She stretched out her hand, opening her five fingers.


 Suddenly.


 With a soft sound, an orange-yellow flame appeared in her hand.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness moved her fingers, rubbing the orange-yellow flame. This lump of flame was extraordinary, it was very elastic. Blazing Heaven Demoness squeezed it as if she was squeezing a meatball.


 After a few breaths of time, the orange-yellow flame gradually formed into the appearance of a bird.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness opened her hand as the fire bird jumped up from her palm, flapping its wings and chirping, happily fluttering around Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness toyed around with the fire bird, not attacking, as if she had forgotten the agreement of three moves.


 But be it Shark Demon, Su Bai Man, Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they showed extremely ugly expressions!


 This fire bird had a cute appearance, but it was terrifyingly powerful in the eyes of the four Gu Immortals. Once released, it would unleash shocking might. Not just this underwater palace, the rest of this shark sea, countless living beings in a huge surrounding area of water might be exterminated by a single blow.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal cannot be blocked by rank six or rank seven Gu Immortals.


 The agreement of three moves was just a joke.


 Just this one attack, Shark Demon and the rest could not defend against it.


 “Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, may I know what is the name of this move?” Shark Demon asked after a while, he spoke in a dispirited tone with a hint of hoarseness in his voice.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled lightly: “Hundreds of years ago, I was careless when cultivating and flames of anger were burning my heart, I almost lost my life. When I was recovering, I had an inspiration and created this rank eight level killer move. I named it — Angry Bird.”


 “Angry bird?” This joke-like name made Shark Demon feel some shock and also bitterness.


 Undeniably, Blazing Heaven Demoness was doing this on purpose.


 She wanted to display overwhelming strength to force Shark Demon to surrender.


 This was a very crude method, but Blazing Heaven Demoness was too overbearing, she was straightforward and had incredible cultivation level, with her battle strength, it was an effective plan.


 With just one move, Fang Yuan and the others had given up.


 Only Shark Demon was still hanging on.


 He said to the rest of them: “You three, retreat first, I will handle this move.”


 Before Fang Yuan and the others replied, Shark Demon took one step forward and said: “Angry bird, it is a good move, Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, please attack!”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was shocked, she squinted as she asked in suspicion: “Are you sure you want to face this move?”


 “Let’s retreat.” Su Bai Man’s eyes shined with brilliance, she spoke to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were surprised.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ move was incredibly powerful, there was no hope even if the four of them collaborated. Right now, Shark Demon was facing her alone, not only did he not want other people’s help, even his wife Su Bai Man had such confidence in him!


 What was he relying on?


 “Alright, I want to see what is giving you courage!” Blazing Heaven Demoness no longer hesitated, at her will, the angry bird tore through the water, shooting towards Shark Demon.


 But when it got to the bottom of the sea, a strong aura burst out, contesting Blazing Heaven Demoness equally!


 Shark Demon showed a smiling expression, like his plan had succeeded.


 Far away, Su Bai Man let out a sigh of relief, she explained to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Back then, we chose this location to build our underwater palace, we naturally had our reasons.”



***
Chapter 920 - Immemorial Desolate Beast, One Finger Flow Shark


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A surging, vast aura!


 Everyone’s gazes were attracted to it.


 The sea became turbulent and tides started to rise.


 Countless undercurrents formed in the seabed and moved rapidly while intertwined together, like countless giant dragons or pythons.


 Undercurrent vortex started forming and continued to increase in numbers sharply!


 Soon, the dangerous vortexes numbered to thousands, filling this sea area.


 “This is?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was startled.


 “Immemorial desolate beast!” Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened.


 Ordinary wild beasts, hundred beast kings, thousand beast kings, myriad beast kings, beast emperors, desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, immemorial desolate beasts...


 Among them, immemorial desolate beasts were powerful existences comparable to rank eight Gu Immortals!


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man stared fixedly at the center of this aura — there, the form of the immemorial desolate beast was gradually revealed.


 The state of the enemy was unknown, Blazing Heaven Demoness also had no choice but to stop her attacks for the moment, recalling the small fire bird to her side.


 The sea tides rose and fell along with the rough waves.


 The surface of the sea became dangerous while the undercurrents flowed chaotically inside the sea.


 Several breaths later, the mysterious immemorial desolate beast’s true appearance was completely revealed.


 This formidable immemorial desolate beast was unimaginably small and dainty looking.


 It was so small that it was actually the size of an adult’s finger.


 This was a shark.


 An extremely exquisite and cute shark.


 The size of an adult’s index finger.


 Its whole body was shining with silver light. This light was not dazzling but mild, like a silk cloth that gently covered the small shark.


 “Such a formidable aura, yet its body is like this...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed, having a strange expression at this sight.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, however, showed a trace of seriousness.


 The small shark ignored Fang Yuan, Shark Demon and the rest behind it, from the start, its two eyes had been gazing at Blazing Heaven Demoness, revealing intense enmity.


 Shark Demon let out a breath, and transmitted his voice to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “My plan has fortunately succeeded... don’t underestimate this small shark. It is a one finger flow shark.”


 “This is a one finger flow shark?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked surprised and shocked.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would not know of the one finger flow shark, but as a time path Gu Immortal, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had long since heard of its name.


 In fact, almost all time path Gu Immortals knew a mnemonic — one finger flow shark, an instance of brilliance. Flowing water and clear voice, heaven is impartial.


 It was no exaggeration to say that the one finger flow shark was known widely because of the mnemonic.


 It was a rank eight time path desolate beast, bearing extremely large amounts of time path dao marks, thus it could swim in the river of time with its physical body!


 “The one finger flow shark normally hides in the river of time and does not reveal itself. The two of us also found its tracks by chance. Later, we intentionally requested for this sea area from Zombie Alliance, and built this shark sea.” Shark Demon continued to explain to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness suddenly chuckled: “So it was like that, no wonder you two stopped at no expense to exchange for an immortal killer move of the enslavement path grandmaster, Hundred and Eighty Slaves, from Zombie Alliance — Lower Controls Higher. It was to use this enslavement path killer move to subdue this one finger flow shark, right?”


 Enslavement path had always been about enslaving higher beasts to control lower.


 For instance, back when Fang Yuan was in Northern Plains, using Wolf King Chang Shan Yin’s identity to participate in the contest of the imperial court, he had used myriad beast kings, thousand beast kings and so on to indirectly control the whole wolf army.


 After all, one had a limited soul foundation, enslavement path Gu Masters could not directly control all the wild beasts.


 The larger the scale of the beast group, the weaker the controlling power of the enslavement path Gu Master would be, the more their soul would have to endure and the less capable they would be in displaying skillful control.


 But this was not absolute.


 Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living beings.


 The wisdom of humans was undoubtedly at the top of all living beings.


 In the long history of Gu cultivation, there once appeared an enslavement path grandmaster. He had a rough childhood, being born as a slave, and thus had very meager status. He used all the opportunities he obtained and took risks, continuously maturing and finally climbing to the pinnacle.


 He was Hundred and Eighty Slaves.


 A generation’s genius.


 Normal enslavement path methods were to use those of higher status to rule over lower status. But he did the opposite, using beasts of lower status to rule over those of a higher status.


 This was not without reason.


 For instance, an emperor was the ruler, welding absolute power, sitting high above. But sometimes, when the people are united and of one mind, the emperor would also be trapped by the people’s will, and would be forced to do things against their own will.


 Facing Blazing Heaven Demoness’ speculation, Shark Demon nodded and frankly admitted: “You guessed right, that is the case. I have been constantly managing the shark groups in this sea area, it is to use these shark groups to subdue the one finger flow shark. Unfortunately, my enslavement path attainment is insufficient and I also don’t have the Immortal Gu forming the killer move lower controls higher, thus, I haven’t succeeded until now.”


 Hearing this, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not help but glance at each other.


 Shark Demon had a huge target, his ambition truly was not small.


 He was only a rank seven immortal zombie, but wanted to subdue an immemorial desolate beast.


 Those able to advance to Gu Immortals indeed were not simple.


 If he truly succeeded and had such an aid, Shark Demon could be considered half a rank eight Gu Immortal. His status would immediately rise, with fame and benefits flowing in rapidly.


 Currently, he might not have succeeded, but he had made some achievements.


 At the least, after this one finger flow shark appeared, it had not cared about Shark Demon’s side, and instead directed all its hatred and anger to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Shark Demon continued: “Moreover, this one finger flow shark is not only an immemorial desolate beast, it also contains several time path Immortal Gu!”


 The intention of his words was to make Blazing Heaven Demoness aware of what she was dealing with and make her retreat.


 This was not revealing information.


 The one finger flow shark’s body was overflowing with the aura of Immortal Gu without being concealed. Even Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could clearly feel it, let alone the rank eight immortal zombie Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 “It is rumored that the river of time is home to countless time path Gu worms. The one finger flow shark can freely move around in the river of time, thus having Immortal Gu is not strange.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng whispered to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan thought of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance.


 He had to move deep into the river of time to obtain Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance. Maybe he could rely on the one finger flow shark’s ability?


 The one finger flow shark was extremely rare, and there were probably not many even in the river of time.


 To put it in other words, this was a major opportunity that could not be sought out and only found through chance.


 No wonder Shark Demon and Su Bai Man stopped at no expense, spending endless time and energy to obtain the one finger flow shark.


 “Hahaha!” Shark Demon’s words made Blazing Heaven Demoness laugh loudly, “Listening to what you say makes my urge to strike even stronger. Shark Demon! You want to rely on an outside force to make me retreat? To win without fighting? Hehe, wishful thinking!”


 The moment she finished speaking, Blazing Heaven Demoness pointed with her finger.


 The small fire bird perched on her shoulder suddenly moved, flying straight towards Shark Demon’s direction.


 “It’s coming!” Shark Demon, Fang Yuan and the rest felt their hearts chill, their whole body turned tense as they became extremely vigilant.


 The fire bird seemed harmless but in truth, its power was vast and extraordinary.


 However, at this moment!


 The one finger flow shark suddenly moved, resembling a silver firefly as it pounced at the fire bird.


 The two were extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, had already collided in the sea!


 There was no sound and there was no explosion. The instant they collided, a strange thing occurred.


 Both sides, which were extremely fast, suddenly stilled. Turning from extreme speed to extreme stillness, at that instant, the one finger flow shark and the small fire bird seemed to have transformed into a painting.


 Such a transformation gave the spectators a feeling of being too abrupt.


 Shortly, Fang Yuan and the rest saw the one finger flow shark slowly move, using its exquisite nose to lightly poke the small fire bird.


 Afterwards, the one finger flow shark made an extremely elegant motion, its whole body leaped over the small fire bird and continued to swiftly move ahead.


 In the blink of an eye, the stillness ended.


 The speeds of the one finger flow shark and the small fire bird were restored.


 However, the former had already moved past the small fire bird and was charging towards Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 While the small fire bird was moving towards Shark Demon and the rest of the group.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were already extremely alert and when they saw the small bird nearing them, they held their breaths, preparing to contend with it.


 Fang Yuan was almost about to pull away and retreat, but right at this moment, the small fire bird suddenly flapped its wings and drew an arc as it turned around, chasing after the one finger flow shark.


 “Such nimbleness!” Shark Demon was able to avoid this confrontation, but he was instead pale from shock.


 ‘This small fire bird can move smoothly according to the controller’s thoughts, it seems it is not a simple fire path killer move, there are definitely wisdom path methods mixed in it.’ Fang Yuan analyzed rapidly.


 “That scene just now should be because a certain time path Immortal Gu in the one finger flow shark activated. This Immortal Gu can cause the flow of time in a certain range to become extremely slow. It seemed like the two turned from extreme speed to almost complete stillness, but their speed had actually not changed.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly said.


 Su Bai Man nodded and added: “Not only that. When the one finger flow shark poked the fire bird’s body, the Immortal Gu’s aura had changed again, it should be the activation of the second time path Immortal Gu, it is just that its effect is unclear.”


 The moment she finished speaking, the effect showed up.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ expression suddenly changed, because the small fire bird chasing the one finger flow shark, had suddenly detonated.


 Boom!


 Like a crack of thunder resounded over the area.


 Flames accompanied the surging blast, as it ferociously spread everywhere.


 In an instant, an immense quantity of sea water evaporated and countless lives were lost.


 A hemispherical crater formed over the whole sea.


 When the fire bird had detonated, it had already flown out of the sea, but the bottom of the crater had unexpectedly touched the soil of the seabed.


 Next, the surrounding seawater surged in to fill the gap.


 Swoosh!


 Tides surged, and huge waves stirred up in the sea. The soil on the seabed rolled and mixed in with the water, making visibility extremely poor.


 Fang Yuan and the rest were in a rather miserable state, they had no choice but to fly out of the sea and float in the sky as they continued to watch the battle.


 They saw the one finger flow shark shoot directly towards Blazing Heaven Demoness’ face like a silver arrow.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ expression became more focused, how would she dare to take it head-on?


 Man is the spirit of all livings beings, this phrase was not false, but when strength, recovery, speed and so on were compared, humans were not outstanding among the endless living beings.


 Even after becoming Gu Immortals, they usually could not compare to desolate beasts.


 The one finger flow shark was small, but it was an immemorial desolate beast, its small body concealed incomparably frightening brute strength!



***
Chapter 921 - Big Fish Eat Small Fish


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The one finger flow shark shot forward.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness cultivated fire path, not strength path, she knew it would be hard to resist it head on.


 However, she had extremely rich experience, and the sacrifice of the small fire bird had huge value, Fang Yuan and the rest had been able to get some information from it, Blazing Heaven Demoness naturally was not an exception.


 Fire path killer move — Five Fingers Blazing Chains!


 At that instant, Blazing Heaven Demoness had already made the most sensible decision.


 She quickly retreated, while spreading open her right hand, her five fingers turned into five thin flames, they were like whips or chains as they moved to tie up the one finger flow shark.


 The five fire chains were just about to coil around the one finger flow shark, when the previous scene occurred.


 The time in the area around the one finger flow shark suddenly slowed down to an extreme.


 However, as a time path desolate beast, this had lesser restriction on the one finger flow shark with its adapted traits and huge numbers of time path dao marks.


 The five fire chains coiled around, but one finger flow shark swayed nimbly, moving through the tiny gaps in an inconceivable way before successfully getting past them.


 It then charged towards Blazing Heaven Demoness, directly piercing through her forehead.


 The exquisite shark was like a silver arrow as it pierced out of the back of Blazing Heaven Demoness’ head!


 “Success?” Su Bai Man was shocked as well as happy.


 Shark Demon’s eyes shined with a ferocious and restless light.


 An immortal zombie’s body did not have fatal points like normal Gu Immortals, but the head was one of them.


 The thought processes of immortal zombies was slow, so they had to rely on wisdom path Gu worms to create thoughts and help them in their thinking.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ head was pierced, although not fatal, it was a serious injury.


 ‘If the four of us can take this chance to attack...’ The moment this thought appeared in Shark Demon’s mind, the one finger flow shark changed its direction, shooting backwards as it pierced through Blazing Heaven Demoness’ chest.


 A dark fire burned and in the blink of an eye, the holes in Blazing Heaven Demoness’ head and chest had been restored to their former states.


 Even Fang Yuan was left speechless at this sight: “Such a formidable killer move, it can actually make the recovery so fast!”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness covered her chest as she stared fixedly at the one finger flow shark, in spite of having been heavily injured, she was smiling: “Hehehe, interesting! This has three time path Immortal Gu, one can slow down time, one can speed up time and the last can change the perception of time.”


 Although she did not know what time path Immortal Gu they were and what were the limits of their power, Blazing Heaven Demoness was able to make some rough conjectures.


 When the one finger flow shark collided with the small fire bird and dodged the five fire chains, it had used the first time path Immortal Gu to slow down time.


 As for accelerating time, it used it when it poked the fire bird.


 The fire bird could not be maintained for long, and a part of it had reached its limits after the one finger flow shark had hit it. The explosion of this part subsequently caused the explosions of the other parts, finally destroying the stable structure of the fire bird, causing the fire bird to explode, which almost dried up the surrounding parts of the sea area.


 Finally, when the one finger flow shark pierced through Blazing Heaven Demoness’ forehead and chest, it used the last time path Immortal Gu to influence Blazing Heaven Demoness’ perception of time, causing her to not be able to dodge and take the attack directly.


 Shark Demon’s frown not only became deeper, he also felt the situation had turned bad.


 The one finger flow shark indeed clearly had the auras of three Immortal Gu.


 In just a few moves, Blazing Heaven Demoness had already probed the details of the one finger flow shark.


 This was a clear display of this rank eight Gu Immortal’s extremely formidable proficiency in fighting.


 At the same time, it also showed the superiority of immortal killer moves to Immortal Gu.


 Gu worms had one ability, others could often find the details of the Immortal Gu after it was used just once.


 However, immortal killer moves were different. They were a combination of countless Gu worms, not only did this conceal the core Immortal Gu, enemies would also find it harder to counter the effect.


 Just like Shark Demon expected, as the fight continued, Blazing Heaven Demoness changed her battle tactics.


 She split into five or six clones, each was lifelike, the one finger flow shark was tired out rushing this way and that, its offensive was seemingly impressive but it was actually being played by these clones to move around in circles.


 “Wild beast are wild beasts in the end, they don’t have enough wisdom.”


 “If it had an investigative Immortal Gu, maybe it could see through these clones, a pity....”


 “It looks like the battle situation is set, Blazing Heaven Demoness has already obtained the advantage.”


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng secretly conversed, analyzing the battle situation.


 It could be said that at this stage, the battle had already lost any suspense.


 Regarding the one finger flow shark, its real chance had been during the initial stages. If it could have used this opportunity when Blazing Heaven Demoness was still unaware of its trump cards, it perhaps could have killed her.


 But now that Blazing Heaven Demoness had probed out its cards, she had changed her tactics and immediately took over the battle situation.


 Unless there was an outside interference, this battle would have only one possible outcome.


 ‘The only outside forces at present are Shark Demon and Su Bai Man. But do they truly have the courage to go against a rank eight expert?’ Fang Yuan glanced at the immortal zombie couple and inwardly shook his head as he saw their hesitant looks.


 The true chance had been the instant Blazing Heaven Demoness’ head was pierced.


 But Shark Demon already lost this chance.


 Although his name included the word ‘demon’, he lacked the mentality of taking risk in spite of danger. It could be because he had been part of Zombie Alliance for too long and lost the enthusiasm to fight by himself. It could also be that he had misgivings about dragging down Su Bai Man.


 Even Shark Demon and Su Bai Man, as the people involved, were like this. Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, who were just external aid, would be even more unlikely to take this risk.


 After secretly communicating for a while, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng made the decision to act according to the circumstances and look to retreat when there was a chance.


 “Sirs, please make your moves! We are unable to distinguish the clones of Blazing Heaven Demoness. Sirs, if you have a method, please break this deception for the one finger flow shark and point out the location of the true body of Blazing Heaven Demoness. This will make the situation turn for the better.” At this moment, Su Bai Man suddenly transmitted her voice, requesting earnestly.


 At the same time, Shark Demon also added: “If you can succeed, we will reward you heavily, you won’t regret it!”


 Without any consideration, Fang Yuan refused with a bitter smile: “Lady Su Bai Man overestimates us, you two have been rank seven Gu Immortals for many years with plenty of methods and deep foundation, we are unable to match you. Even you two don’t have a way to solve this, how can the two of us be of any help?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng, similarly, shook his head: “I only specialize in healing, this matter regarding investigation is beyond my ability.”


 Su Bai Man did not say anything more while Shark Demon gave a gloomy look at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his expression clearly not pleased.


 Fang Yuan snorted inwardly, feeling disdain towards Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 Honestly speaking, it was not that Blazing Heaven Demoness’ method could not be resolved.


 But Shark Demon and Su Bai Man did not make a move.


 It was because the other party was a rank eight great expert, once they moved to help the one finger flow shark, it definitely meant they would attract Blazing Heaven Demoness’ fury and her counterattack.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man feared Blazing Heaven Demoness and did not want to make a move, wanting to preserve some leeway, thus they wanted to make Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng cannon fodder.


 How could Fang Yuan be stupid enough to be used by others like this?


 Thus, his reply had deep intentions.


 Both sides were astute, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man realized Fang Yuan had seen through their plot, so they did not attempt to persuade any further.


 “Now it seems the truly terrifying one is still Blazing Heaven Demoness!” Fang Yuan gazed at the distant battlefield, not concealing his fearful expression.


 It was rumored that Blazing Heaven Demoness had a great killer move called blazing heaven.


 In the past, she had fought with the rank eight Heavenly Lord Bai Zu in Northern Plains over possession of a certain fragment world of the immemorial nine heavens, but in the end she failed, despite being on the verge of success.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was so furious, she used the killer move blazing heaven to directly burn down the whole fragment world, annihilating countless living beings.


 If I can’t have it, you can also stop dreaming about it!


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s hard work and plans all turned to dust at the last moment.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance belonged to the righteous path, Blazing Heaven Demoness, however, blatantly had taken a demonic path action. Thus, after burning down the fragment world, she incited public outrage.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness withstood the pressure without any fear, even proclaiming that if anyone continued to make a fuss, she would burn down that person’s blessed land.


 Since she could even burn down a fragment world of the immemorial nine heavens, burning down a blessed land was clearly a simple matter.


 The righteous path choked on their words, as they unexpectedly discovered they could do nothing to this brazen Blazing Heaven Demoness!


 At rank eight, one could be an overlord. If they truly shed off all pretenses and started sneak attacking and harassing, any force would feel an incomparable headache.


 Helpless.


 Even if the other party was an immortal zombie, she was a rank eight great expert after all. Although her battle strength could not match a normal rank eight, it could not be looked down upon and was not someone they could force.


 If they went beyond the limit, and Blazing Heaven Demoness decided to attack, these righteous path forces with many assets to take care of would be the ones to suffer.


 Those with a bottom line are afraid of those with no bottom line, those who follow the rules are afraid of those who don’t.


 After this matter, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ name spread throughout Northern Plains, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was able to hold their heads high and no one could bully them. It was only after Blazing Heaven Demoness left Northern Plains to look for fortuitous encounters in Eastern Sea that Northern Plains Zombie Alliance fell back into a predicament.


 It could be said that Blazing Heaven Demoness had single-handedly brought Northern Plains Zombie Alliance to power and glory.


 Now, Blazing Heaven Demoness was fighting against the one finger flow shark without even using her signature killer moves. She clearly had a lot of spare strength left.


 Fang Yuan even had a slight suspicion that Blazing Heaven Demoness had intentionally used the clone technique to try to lure Shark Demon and the rest to attack, thus finding another excuse to make trouble.


 Although Shark Demon was not duped, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ move had created a rift between Fang Yuan and Shark Demon.


 The one finger flow shark, an immemorial desolate beast with three time path Immortal Gu, Blazing Heaven Demoness was not only dealing with it easily, but she had successfully plotted against Shark Demon, Fang Yuan and the rest who were observing the battle.


 It was clear that Blazing Heaven Demoness had outstanding battle strength along with skill in strategy.


 This type of enemy was extremely hard to deal with.


 To put it in other words, Gu Immortals who could slowly climb up from rank one to rank eight were certain to not be idiots, each of them were true experts rich in both wisdom and battle strength.


 As the battle progressed, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man’s expressions became even more gloomy.


 They had already secretly sent requests for reinforcements to Zombie Alliance’s headquarters at the start of the battle.


 The battle had lasted for so long that those who should have come would have already arrived, but no reinforcements had arrived.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had not arrived rashly, she had already bribed those in charge and made sufficient preparations, which was why Shark Demon and Su Bai Man’s requests for reinforcements were ineffective.


 Shark Demon even guessed that Blazing Heaven Demoness had already reached an agreement of sharing profits with the highest ranking members of Zombie Alliance.


 In an instant, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man’s hearts sank to rock bottom, their intent to battle kept lowering and the anger in them gradually dissipated, leaving behind extreme bleakness.


 Big fish eat small fish, small fish eat shrimps, this was the normal course of behavior in this world of Gu.


 This couple, who had been big fish since the beginning, now became small fish in front of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Rank eight!


 How could they match her?


 Let alone when Blazing Heaven Demoness not only had such strength, she also had matching intelligence!


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man simply did not have any hope no matter how hard they struggled.


 Sigh...


 Shark Demon heaved a long sigh before he suddenly lowered his head: “Enough, Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, please stop. We are not capable enough, in consideration of Zombie Alliance’s situation, it would be better if you lead us to take down Yu Lu blessed land.”


 “Hehehe, Shark Demon, you know when to advance or retreat, very good.” Blazing Heaven Demoness’ laughter came from above the battlefield.


 Her laughter stopped, and the fake bodies in the battlefield burned until there was nothing remaining.


 Without a target to attack, the one finger flow shark stayed dazedly in place, seemingly at a loss on what to do.


 Shark Demon heaved another sigh, as he pursed his lips and let out hooting sounds.


 The one finger flow shark was pacified, it lightly swung its tail as it dived into the sea again and soon disappeared.


 Clearly, it had gone back to the river of time.


 Shark Demon’s method gave a shock to outsiders like Fang Yuan.


 Shark Demon’s influence over the one finger flow shark was already quite remarkable. Given some time, he might truly be able to control this immemorial desolate beast.


 At that time, the three time path Immortal Gu on the one finger flow shark would naturally fall into Shark Demon’s hands.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness revealed her true body, she gave a deep look at Shark Demon before turning her gaze towards Fang Yuan.


 “You are Xing Xiang Zi?”


 “I am.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness announced with a forceful tone that allowed no refusal: “From now onwards, I have enlisted you. In the following invasion of Yu Lu blessed land, you must use your full capabilities, I won’t allow any slacking!”



***
Chapter 922 - Conclusion of the Hundred Days Battle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hearing Blazing Heaven Demoness command him so overbearingly, Fang Yuan was not angry at all.


 On the contrary, he was somewhat pleased.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man, this couple had put in a lot of effort to attack Yu Lu blessed land. In the end, right before they obtained the fruits of their labor, Blazing Heaven Demoness forcefully took them for herself, they were really pitiful.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had put in so much, almost all of their life savings had been invested into it.


 After getting robbed by Blazing Heaven Demoness, they were heavily crippled, they lost a great deal.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man died while shark sea was invaded by others, was this part of the cause?


 But Fang Yuan did not feel distaste for Blazing Heaven Demoness’ actions, he also did not feel pity towards the predicament of Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 If he had Blazing Heaven Demoness’ cultivation level, he might have been more overbearing in his actions.


 Big fish eat small fish, this was the rule of the cultivation world, it was bloodthirsty and cruel.


 But any person who was older and had more experience would understand — this was the norm, it extended to all parts of nature.


 Even before Fang Yuan transmigrated, the human society on Earth was the same.


 When benefits were involved, friends would betray each other, brothers would become enemies, this was all too common.


 The only difference was, they used excuses to make their actions seem grand and righteous. The truth was, there were people who, on the surface, were virtuous, but in the dark, they were dirty and despicable.


 But this was not wrong.


 To survive and reproduce was the nature of all living beings.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness’ interference created a huge impact that would influence Fang Yuan’s plans.


 “Blazing Heaven Demoness has high cultivation level, she is also astute and calculative, more difficult to deal with than Shark Demon and Su Bai Man by a hundredfold. But she has quite a lot of wealth, maybe she can subsidize me in refining star thought Immortal Gu? There is also another advantage: Getting close to her would give me a greater chance of returning to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance and entering Earth Trench, in order to get that treasure.”


 In a breath of time, Fang Yuan had already thought matters through.


 The moment Blazing Heaven Demoness finished her words, Fang Yuan cupped his fists, smiling bitterly: “I would not dare to defy Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness’ orders. But I have my difficulties. I had just mentioned this to Lord Shark Demon earlier, in order to unravel the final battlefield killer move, I will need to refine a rank six wisdom path Immortal Gu first.”


 Shark Demon snorted coldly.


 Fang Yuan had changed sides rather too quickly.


 Su Bai Man thought to herself: This Xing Xiang Zi seemed to be a gentleman ordinarily, but to think that he was without a backbone, he could fawn and bend over to others to curry favor, he had no integrity at all!


 Fang Yuan did not care about their thoughts. They were already out of this game. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan, who joined partway, managed to stay.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s straightforward gaze, Blazing Heaven Demoness rubbed her chin, she smiled with deep meaning: “You want to refine Immortal Gu... hehehe, this is easy, I will fund you!”


 Northern Plains, Luo Po valley.


 Another earth-shaking intense battle had just reached its end.


 As the battlefield, Luo Po valley was in bad shape, crushed rocks were everywhere, it was as if this was the aftermath of both an earthquake and a hurricane.


 The Gu Immortals from Central Continent had various injuries, they were focusing their attentions on Feng Jiu Ge right now.


 Admiration, trepidation, confusion, heaviness, fear, complexity, they had a number of different emotions.


 “Feng Jiu Ge won again!”


 “His opponent is Qin Bai Sheng, but even with his strength, he could not resist Feng Jiu Ge’s powerful attacks.”


 “He has already won seven battles in a row, Qin Bai Sheng is completely at a disadvantage against Feng Jiu Ge.”


 “The hundred days battle, only after a hundred days did we see its results.”


 “Honestly speaking, Qin Bai Sheng is immensely strong, but he actually faced off against an even stronger opponent, Feng Jiu Ge!”


 Looking at the time, Central Continent’s gang had reached Luo Po valley and attacked it for over three months, met with the stubborn resistance of Shadow Sect’s Qin Bai Sheng and others.


 Hundred days battle!


 This was a true hundred days battle.


 Under normal circumstances, Gu Immortals would not fight for such a long time.


 In terms of scale, there were more than ten Gu Immortals from Central Continent and Northern Plains involved, they were all shining experts. One could say, for the last thousand years in the five regions, there had not been a battle of such scale.


 If this was announced, the world would be shaken, commotions would arise, the attentions of innumerable observers would gather on them.


 But it was a pity, be it the Central Continent Gu Immortals who were investigating secretly, or the hidden Shadow Sect which sought to remain in the dark, they did not want this battle to be exposed.


 Thus, this battle that should have shaken the whole of the five regions remained a secret from start to finish.


 Regarding this, the two sides had a sort of tacit understanding.


 Ever since the hundred days battle started, the crucial members had always been Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng.


 Initially, they were equally matched, it was a stalemate. Qin Bai Sheng, who had the territorial advantage and the battlefield killer move hundred million slaughterfield, showed a slight edge.


 But after that, Feng Jiu Ge got stronger as he fought, he displayed his immense talent and ability.


 The two sides gradually became even, then Feng Jiu Ge expanded his advantage little by little.


 Eventually, in the last few days, Feng Jiu Ge’s battle strength had risen after a long period of intense fighting, and finally defeated Qin Bai Sheng.


 One or two wins was nothing. But winning seven fights consecutively, it proved that Feng Jiu Ge firmly had obtained the advantage.


 The Shadow Sect members slowly retreated to the deepest part of Luo Po valley.


 “A desperate foe should not be pursued.” Feng Jiu Ge stood proudly at the front, seeing that their enemies had hidden into the valley, he spoke calmly.


 His expression was pale, he had over a dozen injuries on him, blood was dripping from the corners of his mouth and his eyebrows.


 His originally brimming Gu Immortal aura had weakened to an all time low.


 But all these could not obscure the brilliance in his eyes.


 Every time he fought Qin Bai Sheng, it was a difficult and dangerous fight. But it was because of these tough fights that Feng Jiu Ge could be polished, like a rock polishing a jade and turning it brighter.


 Ever since Feng Jiu Ge joined Spirit Affinity House, he rarely had the chance to engage in such intense fights.


 Spirit Affinity House was one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, Feng Jiu Ge had a high status and reputation, nobody wanted to find trouble with him.


 This battle that went on for a hundred days would make other Gu Immortals feel pain and anguish, but Feng Jiu Ge felt a nostalgic euphoria.


 This made him think about the splendid times when he was still in the demonic path.


 But, there was a slight regret in his heart.


 “Demonic path... using all of my strength to fight... it is a pity, I can no longer return to such an exciting time.”


 Right now, Feng Jiu Ge had a family, he could not take risks easily. Furthermore, these Gu Immortals behind him were from the other nine sects, their intentions were hard to decipher. If Feng Jiu Ge really got heavily injured after fighting, who knew what actions they would take.


 Feng Jiu Ge remembered what his wife, Bai Qing, had instructed him.


 After all, back then, Feng Jiu Ge had challenged all ten sects and made them lose their faces. After joining Spirit Affinity House, he had been suppressing the other nine sects without giving them any chance to overturn the situation.


 Whenever Feng Jiu Ge spoke, the other immortals had to listen.


 After the hundred days battle, Feng Jiu Ge’s reputation was already deeply ingrained into everyone’s hearts.


 Cough cough cough...


 After Qin Bai Sheng retreated into the valley, he started to cough uncontrollably.


 His expression was pale as paper, each time he coughed, there was blood.


 “Your injuries are getting more severe!” Fairy Jiang Yu, who was holding him, said in worry, she was frowning tightly.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is too despicable!” He Lang Zi, who had lost an arm, growled angrily: “Even though he is fighting you alone on the surface, he is actually getting his people to act like they are charging ahead, threatening our defenses and forcing you to be distracted. If not for that, why would you lose consecutively?”


 Qin Bai Sheng said grimly: “Say no more. Winner takes all, a loss is a loss, there is no need for excuses.”


 “This Feng Jiu Ge truly has immense talent, using his own understanding, he created his personal sound path killer move and got to this stage. Even as an enemy, I am truly in admiration. Using his own advantages to scheme, plot, and gather superiority, that is the way of fighting, if he did not use these methods, I would have looked down on him.”


 Saying this, Qin Bai Sheng coughed again, spitting out a huge pool of warm blood.


 He gasped weakly, looking around him.


 After the hundred days battle, only five were left, Hui Feng Zi, Hei Cheng, Jiang Yu, He Lang Zi, and the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal.


 Originally, they had Xue Song Zi, but when they attacked Lang Ya blessed land, he was killed by Fang Yuan.


 After leaving Lang Ya blessed land, two hairy man Gu Immortals joined them, but both of them were killed by the Central Continent Gu Immortals in the hundred days battle.


 However, the Central Continent Gu Immortals suffered greater losses.


 Old Oracle from Ancient Soul Sect, as well as two Gu Immortals from Spirit Butterfly Valley and Combat Immortal Sect had died.


 Trying to take advantage of Qin Bai Sheng, how could that be possible?


 Even Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects had suffered heavy losses.


 But at this point, the most crucial member, the pillar of support, Qin Bai Sheng, was heavily injured, Luo Po valley’s territorial advantage had been overcome, the remaining five Gu Immortals knew — the hundred days battle had ended, they were the losers!


 Qin Bai Sheng tried to improve their mindsets: “Even though we lost the battle, it is not over yet. Feng Jiu Ge’s group is not united, they cannot fight us wholeheartedly, I successfully stalled for enough time. We just need to wait for one more night, when that Immortal Gu matures in the valley, we would have achieved our goal. Tomorrow, all five of you will charge out, I will stall these people from Central Continent.”


 “Lord Qin Bai Sheng!” Everyone was shocked.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s decision was simply courting death.


 This was hard to understand.


 From their perspectives, if it was Hui Feng Zi, Hei Cheng or He Lang Zi, they would definitely only care about their own lives when they were in this state. Why would they care about others?


 Or, was this a trap?


 Hui Feng Zi, Hei Cheng, and He Lang Zi kept their thoughts to themselves, they looked at the three people from Shadow Sect secretly


 Qin Bai Sheng, Jiang Yu, and the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal, they were the core of Shadow Sect, the others were just outside reinforcements.


 Silence ensued.


 Everyone walked to their resting places.


 “This will be it. Use this time to rest, tomorrow, your performances will decide whether you succeed in breaking out or not.” Qin Bai Sheng waved his hand weakly, dismissing them.


 Hei Cheng, Hui Feng Zi, and He Lang Zi, felt very heavy, their gazes was uncertain.


 The three wordlessly decided to rest together, they were guarding against the possible betrayal of Shadow Sect.


 But late into the night, the three were summoned by Qin Bai Sheng.



***
Chapter 923 - Breaking Out


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Late at night, in Luo Po valley.


 Qin Bai Sheng and the other five immortals gathered.


 Qin Bai Sheng handed an Immortal Gu to the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal openly: “This Immortal Gu is very important, I am entrusting it to you now!”


 The black robed Gu Immortal nodded.


 He was wrapped in a shroud of obscurity, even up until this point, none of the Gu Immortals outside of Shadow Sect had seen his appearance. They only knew that he had outstanding battle strength, around the upper tier of rank seven.


 Qin Bai Sheng turned around, instructing Jiang Yu seriously: “I can die, you can also die. But he is needed for the plan, we cannot lose him!”


 Fairy Jiang Yu nodded solemnly in return: “I can only guarantee that before I die, he will not perish!”


 Hei Cheng and the others listened in astonishment.


 What sort of organization was Shadow Sect? It could make these Gu Immortal disregard losses to themselves, even if they had to sacrifice their lives, they had to complete the mission!


 To make Gu Immortals so loyal, it was difficult for even super forces to achieve.


 This was an unimaginable matter!


 A moment later, the silent Luo Po valley erupted into thunderous explosions.


 An intensely loud sound filled the whole valley.


 At the same time, there was a shrill warning — “Enemy attack!”


 Fairy Ling Mei, who was warning them, retreated continuously.


 In front of her, Jiang Yu, Hui Feng Zi, He Lang Zi, Hei Cheng, and the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal attacked jointly!


 The enemy was attacking with such force, how could Fairy Ling Mei defend against them, she only had one thought, that was to escape!


 Fairy Ling Mei came from Heaven’s Envy Manor, she and Fairy Ao Xue had control over the rank seven crescent moon Gu, they could unleash the killer move peerless crescent moon slash if they cooperated.


 Peerless crescent moon slash was extremely powerful, it was one of the signature famous killer moves of Heaven’s Envy Manor.


 Fairy Ao Xue and Fairy Ling Mei had always been together constantly, they were hardly ever separated.


 But now, because there were limited people in Central Continent’s group, they had to encircle the huge area of Luo Po valley, thus, Ling Mei and Ao Xue had no choice but to split up.


 Once Shadow Sect’s group burst out, Fairy Ling Mei was caught off guard, she fought alone and fell into an extremely dangerous situation.


 “Kill her!” Fairy Jiang Yu who was at the lead of the five Gu Immortals, was bursting with killing intent, her eyes were red and her attacks were fierce.


 Even though Fairy Ling Mei was a peerless beauty with grand elegance, none of the five Gu Immortals showed her any mercy because of it.


 Their killer moves were used in succession, they would only stop after Fairy Ling Mei was dead.


 At the moment between life and death, Fairy Ling Mei resolutely chose to destroy an Immortal Gu, stalling three breaths of time for her.


 During this period, Fairy Ling Mei activated a Gu formation, her body vanished amidst the wind and rain, at the next moment, she appeared far away.


 “Huff! Huff! Huff!”


 Fairy Ling Mei breathed roughly, her face was pale.


 She had escaped with her life, her face showed lingering fear, her back was covered in cold sweat.


 “So close, so close. I was at the moment between life and death, it is all thanks to this Gu formation!” Fairy Ling Mei felt gratitude inside.


 This Gu formation was set up by Gu Immortal Hong Chi Ming after putting in a lot of effort.


 Hong Chi Ming came from Wind Cloud Manor, one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, he was skilled in Gu formations and was famous in Central Continent.


 Gu formations had a point of inferiority to killer moves in that they could not be activated instantly. They took a long time to activate, and were not flexible enough to be used for a wide range of applications in intense battles. However, once they were activated, they would provide a huge advantage, they were often faster than immortal killer moves and expended less resources.


 Precisely because of this, Fairy Ling Mei survived.


 Seeing that Fairy Ling Mei had escaped, Fairy Jiang Yu sighed internally.


 The other four Gu Immortals also showed regretful looks.


 Earlier, during the hundred days battle, Ling Mei and Ao Xue had collaborated to unleash peerless crescent moon slash, they were a huge threat to Shadow Sect, almost all the Gu Immortals were injured by this move to varying degrees.


 Unfortunately, Shadow Sect initially had the territorial advantage. However, Central Continent took down their Gu formations one by one, and now, the Central Continent Gu Immortals created their own Gu formations, the outer area of Luo Po valley was now their territory.


 “Since we can’t kill her, we will continue charging out!” Fairy Jiang Yu shouted.


 She moved with determination and resolution.


 Ling Mei retreated, Central Continent’s side immediately had a gap in their defenses.


 They needed to break out of this encirclement quickly, the chance was slipping!


 “Ling Mei, are you alright?!” Fairy Ao Xue wore a white blouse, she came over quickly, showing shock and anger on her face.


 “We won’t let you go, die here!” Chen Zhen Chi shouted.


 “Isn’t it too late now to want to leave?” Bu Fei Yan sneered.


 Even though Fairy Ao Xue and Fairy Ling Mei were separated, they were situated quite closely, thus, she could arrive first.


 As for Chen Zhen Chi and Bu Fei Yan, they could reach at the same time as Fairy Ao Xue because they had incredible speed.


 “Zhen Chi of the nine heavens, followed by Fei Yan... damn it!” Hei Cheng gritted his teeth, feeling great pressure.


 Chen Zhen Chi and Bu Fei Yan were two famous flying grandmasters in the current Central Continent Gu Immortal world. ‘Zhen Chi of the nine heavens’ referred to Myriad Dragon Dock’s Chen Zhen Chi, while ‘followed by Fei Yan’ was speaking about Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Bu Fei Yan.


 Jiang Yu and the other immortals wanted to break out of this place, their biggest concern were the pursuers excelling in speed like these two.


 Seeing the three of them get close, the five immortals on Shadow Sect’s side did not even say a thing, they only focused on breaking out.


 At this moment, a wall of light appeared, blocking the five immortals.


 It was the activation of a Gu formation.


 This was the work of Wind Cloud Manor’s Hong Chi Ming!


 Although Hong Chi Ming was not inside, his voice was heard from within the Gu formation: “Lord Feng Jiu Ge had already predicted that you would break out. Surrender now and we might spare your lives!”


 Once he said this, an immensely powerful aura got closer to them like a rushing dragon.


 This aura was so grand and magnificent, Shadow Sect’s members were familiar with it, it was Feng Jiu Ge, they felt cold sweat breaking out as they showed panic on their faces.


 After the hundred days battle, the five immortals knew clearly, even if they worked together, they were not Feng Jiu Ge’s match.


 Was their attempt at escaping going to fail?


 When the five immortals were close to despair, a golden arrow shot over, piercing the wall of light that obstructed them.


 Far away, Hong Chi Ming’s body shook and jolted, as if he was shocked by electricity, he spat out a mouthful of blood, suffering a heavy injury.


 The one who shot the golden arrow was Qin Bai Sheng.


 How could he watch as the five immortals failed? Thus, he forcefully moved his wounded body, blocking Ling Mei, Ao Xue, Chen Zhen Chi, and Bu Fei Yan.


 The four Central Continent Gu Immortals arrived quickly but also lost quickly.


 They did not just lose, they failed completely.


 Like Feng Jiu Ge, Qin Bai Sheng was not someone the other Central Continent Gu Immortals could stop.


 Qin Bai Sheng did not kill the four immortals from Central Continent, he allowed them to retreat. His attention was primarily focused on Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze was shining, he had already understood Qin Bai Sheng’s injury.


 He smiled with much elegance, saying: “You are all rushing about, it is inappropriate to leave without saying goodbye. If you want to leave, you should at least listen to my parting song, right?”


 Immortal killer move — Green Jade Song!


 The five immortals on Shadow Sect’s side retreated, someone cried out in pain while another grunted.


 Green jade song’s mysterious power affected the five immortals to an extent. After being hit, their bodies slowly turned into jade, and the area was spreading continuously.


 The five immortals were resolute figures, they knew this was a problem and immediately shattered or dug out their contaminated flesh.


 At once, blood flowed like a river.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Suppression!


 At the next moment, Qin Bai Sheng struck, his powerful soul path technique was aimed at Feng Jiu Ge’s face, pressuring him.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s expression changed, he quickly defended himself.


 Qin Bai Sheng had two major trump cards, one was the soul path killer move soul suppression, the other was the sword path killer move five finger fist heart sword. Once used, ordinary Gu Immortals could not even endure one hit from him.


 Feng Jiu Ge had three trump cards, the first was heaven and earth song, second was green jade song, and third was submission song. Not only were they powerful and grand, they were also profound and mystical.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s attention was drawn, green jade song halted as the five immortals felt their pressure decreasing, they quickly rushed away for a distance.


 Qin Bai Sheng used a metal path killer move again.


 Golden chains coiled around Feng Jiu Ge’s limbs, tying him up tightly.


 Feng Jiu Ge was not frightened.


 During the hundred days battle, the two had learned a lot about each other. Qin Bai Sheng’s metal path killer move had little effect on Feng Jiu Ge.


 The golden chains were much more effective against Chen Zhen Chi and others. Against Feng Jiu Ge, he only needed a breath of time before shattering them.


 But at this moment, Qin Bai Sheng showed a wry smile on his face: “I’ll let you see the true secret within Luo Po valley now.”


 Saying this, he used his method and activated something.


 Countless mystical lights shot out from the valley, one of them hit Feng Jiu Ge.


 “This is?!” Feng Jiu Ge shattered the golden chains, but because this used up his time, he could not dodge the mystical light and was immobilized.


 “The power of space path!”


 “How can this be so strong?”


 Not far away, the two fairies, Ling Mei and Ao Xue, were also hit by the mystical light, their expressions changed as they gasped.


 As for Chen Zhen Chi and Bu Fei Yan, they were extremely fast, they dodged the mystical light.


 Qin Bai Sheng did not care about them, his main goal was to restrict Feng Jiu Ge. Right now, half of his goal had been achieved.


 “Don’t struggle. This light is harmless!” Feng Jiu Ge understood at once, he shouted as he reminded them.


 Ao Xue and Ling Mei were uncertain, but at the next moment, they saw that Feng Jiu Ge stopped resisting and was dragged into a deep part of Luo Po valley by the mystical light.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s smile became wider, he approached a mystical light and was dragged into the valley as well.


 Ao Xue and Ling Mei looked at each other, they gritted their teeth, deciding to believe Feng Jiu Ge, they stopped resisting as they entered the valley as well.


 This change of events was out of everyone’s expectations.


 They were only stunned for a moment before Chen Zhen Chi reacted and shouted at the Shadow Sect immortals: “Take them down first!”


 This was a wise decision.


 Seeing that they were about to break out, the five Shadow Sect immortals were held back by Chen Zhen Chi and Bu Fei Yan.


 Next, Hong Chi Ming, Old Lord Can Yang, and Old Man Tian Long arrived, engaging in fierce combat.


 One side fought desperately to leave, while the other side desperately prevented their escape.


 “Ah, someone save me!” Hei Cheng shouted, he was the weakest here, he was hit by a move and had been detached from the main party.


 “Ignore him, protect our main target, continue to break out!” Fairy Jiang Yu shouted, she heartlessly abandoned Hei Cheng, protecting the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal with all her effort.


 At the same time.


 Deep within Luo Po valley, in a mysterious place.


 “Where is this?” Ao Xue and Ling Mei looked around in shock and suspicion.


 “So this was it.” Feng Jiu Ge who had entered before them had already retracted his gaze: “This is actually a hidden Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable true inheritance!”



***
Chapter 924 - Discarding this Ruined Body to Exchange for a Clear Breeze


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the mystical area, light shined warmly, there were no mountains or rivers, neither wind nor land, it was completely blank.


 “That is true.” Once Feng Jiu Ge spoke, Qin Bai Sheng appeared in front of him, looking at the three immortals from Central Continent, he smiled deeply: “If not for Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s arrangement, how could I lure brother Feng here?”


 Indeed.


 Even though Qin Bai Sheng was very powerful, he was still at a loss against a one in a thousand years monster like Feng Jiu Ge.


 Especially when Qin Bai Sheng’s two trump cards were not for trapping enemies, they were for killing.


 To temporarily trap Feng Jiu Ge, he had to activate the arrangements that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had personally set up in the past.


 “This really is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance?” Fairy Ling Mei asked in a heated tone.


 Since ancient times, in the long history of Gu cultivators, there were countless geniuses and heroes. But if these people were akin to shining stars in the sky, then the ten rank nine Gu Immortals were each like the sun, they were bright and dazzling, spreading their radiance over the whole world.


 Every generation’s venerable, be it an Immortal Venerable or a Demon Venerable, was at the peak of that era, they dominated the world and were invincible, unparalleled in their time.


 Among them, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was also a legend. He excelled in space path and had unparalleled stealing abilities. He even cultivated transformation path simultaneously and was skilled at disguises, before he was rank nine, he could transform into all sorts of people and use their identities to achieve his unspeakable motives, he even caused huge commotions over the world, sending it into chaos.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable also had a close relationship with Long Hair Ancestor. The failure to refine space escape Gu became Long Hair Ancestor’s obsession after death, it had become a legend.


 Such a person, his inheritance, was actually before them!


 Be it Ling Mei or Ao Xue, these two fairies who had icy hearts felt excited, their hearts were burning with ambition.


 But Feng Jiu Ge quickly discouraged them: “Don’t even think about it. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance is not something you can obtain.”


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue’s expressions changed.


 That’s right, there was still Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng here, with these two experts around, how could Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance become theirs?


 At once, Ling Mei and Ao Xue felt great disappointment.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s back was facing them, he stood in front of them but understood their emotions, he continued: “You misunderstand my words. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance has a strict requirement, both of you do not fulfill it, I do not fulfill it, and even brother Qin also has no chance of inheriting it.”


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue were shocked, one of them asked: “There is such a thing?”


 Qin Bai Sheng laughed loudly: “Brother Feng really knows a lot about Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance. It seems the rumors are true, Spirit Affinity House indeed possesses one of the true inheritances of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. They have been researching it for a long time, a pity there have been no gains.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s eyes shined with brilliance, he stared at Qin Bai Sheng, admitting: “To think that brother Qin knows so much about Central Continent’s details despite living in Northern Plains. That is true, my sect controls a true inheritance of Thieving Heaven and have been researching it for many years, we have learned some things after these years.”


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue looked at each other, they were unwilling to give up, Fairy Ling Mei asked: “May I ask Lord Feng Jiu Ge, what is the criteria to inherit it, maybe we can achieve it, who knows.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze had been fixed on Qin Bai Sheng, he did not dare to be careless.


 He said: “Do you know Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s origin? He is not a person of the five regions, he is from the outside world, an otherworldly demon. Thus, the inheritances that he left behind only have one requirement towards the inheritor, they have to be an otherworldly demon! I am obviously not one, brother Qin cannot be one, otherwise he would have inherited it long ago, why would he wait until now? Are you two otherworldly demons?”


 Before Ling Mei and Ao Xue replied, Qin Bai Sheng flicked his sleeves and laughed, he denied the possibility: “Impossible! All the Gu Immortals in the hundred days battle are not otherworldly demons. If not, why would I let any of you in here?”


 “Otherworldly demons? They really exist? Since the start of my life, I have never seen one.”


 “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was actually an otherworldly demon?”


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue were taken aback.


 Feng Jiu Ge nodded: “Even though otherworldly demons are rare, they exist. Since they come from beyond our world, then outside of the five regions and nine heavens, there are bound to be other worlds. Unfortunately, no one has ever ventured out of the Gu world.”


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue looked at each other, they asked again:


 “Other than the five regions, there are really other worlds outside?”


 “Even if we cannot achieve this condition, the inheritance is fixed in place, while we humans are alive, don’t tell me that even with Lord Feng Jiu Ge’s power, you cannot take it forcefully?”


 They were unwilling to give up.


 This was a Thieving Heaven true inheritance!


 The experts could take the meat while they could have some soup, the two female immortals were not greedy for more, they just wanted to have a share of the loot.


 Qin Bai Sheng sneered: “Wishful thinking! Back then, even after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable became rank nine, he still returned empty-handed after encountering a Thieving Heaven true inheritance. Not only did he get nothing, he even suffered a loss and ended up in a pathetic state. Hehehe... if not for that, why would Giant Sun Immortal Venerable hate otherworldly demons to this extent. The two of you think you can obtain this true inheritance?”


 “There was such a thing?”


 “This is too absurd. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is also a rank nine Gu Immortal, he could not even take one of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s true inheritances even after he died?”


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue stared with their beautiful eyes wide open, they half-believed and half-doubted this.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not refute it, he said solemnly: “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s space path attainment was unfathomably deep, it surpasses the imagination of people. There is a theory: Because he was an otherworldly demon, when he became a space path Gu Immortal, a special type of space path dao mark was produced. These dao marks originate from another world, they are foreign to the five regions and nine heavens. The space we are in now, it seems ordinary, but it had already transcended the Gu world, it is not within the five regions and nine heavens. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to obtain the true inheritance, but he was afraid of the implications, thus he failed and suffered a loss, unable to do anything about it.”


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue gasped in shock.


 The two of them were too inexperienced compared to Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng, this was the first time they had heard about such secrets regarding the venerables.


 At once, Ling Mei and Ao Xue felt their horizons expanding.


 But soon, they became worried and anxious.


 “Not even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could do anything to this mystical space, how can we get out?”


 “Don’t worry, as long as we do not move, in fifteen minutes, we will be teleported out.” Feng Jiu Ge replied confidently.


 If it were other Gu Immortals who landed here, they would use their methods to investigate. In that case, they would be in trouble. The time that they were trapped would be extended.


 But Spirit Affinity House possessed one of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritances, and Feng Jiu Ge was a higher-up in Spirit Affinity House, he knew the proper way to leave this true inheritance.


 But at this moment, Qin Bai Sheng raised his head and laughed: “Feng Jiu Ge! Since I took great pains to lure you in here, how can I let you leave? Stay here for good.”


 Saying this, Qin Bai Sheng struck.


 His powerful aura burst into the air.


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue acted like they were facing a strong foe.


 Feng Jiu Ge quickly said: “Don’t move! In this place, it might seem like we are close to each other, but we are actually very far away from each other. He is trying to lure you to attack, once you do, this place will change and target whoever attacks. The stronger the attack, the greater the backlash from this place, and the longer you will be trapped. Do not fall into his trap!”


 Feng Jiu Ge was very aware regarding this Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 He was clear about the terrifying power of this mystical space. Even though he was proud and powerful, he did not dare to act rashly.


 Ling Mei and Ao Xue chose to believe Feng Jiu Ge, they held in their impulse and did not attack.


 But Qin Bai Sheng showed a weird smile: “Brother Feng is very confident, but it is a pity that your sect has not researched deeply enough into Thieving Heaven’s true inheritances. I wonder what you will do against my next action?”


 He spoke calmly as he activated the Gu worms in his body, his aura burst out and reached its peak.


 “What is he trying to do?” Feng Jiu Ge felt something amiss, he focused himself, his gaze was like lightning, looking at Qin Bai Sheng fixedly.


 But at the next moment, Qin Bai Sheng’s action was something out of the Central Continent immortals’ expectations.


 They only heard Qin Bai Sheng recite —


 Even after experiencing fifty-four tribulations, the sky is still filled with tribulation clouds.


 The soul light in my chest pressures everyone, the sword qi in my fist dominates Northern Plains.


 Four hundred years passed rapidly, how can there be life without death?


 Discarding this ruined body to exchange for a clear breeze, I will sweep the heavens for countless light years!


 His voice was clear and loud, he spoke with a calm expression, his gaze showed a sign of expectation towards the future.


 After finishing this poem, he smiled lightly at Feng Jiu Ge.


 Next, he shut his eyes, all signs of life leaving his body!


 Feng Jiu Ge frowned tightly, even during the hundred days battle, he did not show such an expression.


 At this moment, Qin Bai Sheng had actually ended his own life!!


 At the next moment, a clear breeze started from within Qin Bai Sheng’s body.


 Behind Feng Jiu Ge, Ling Mei and Ao Xue’s expressions changed, their voices were trembling from fear, they screamed: “Winds of assimilation!”


 As it turned out, in order to stop Feng Jiu Ge, Qin Bai Sheng had given up his own life, making the ultimate sacrifice.


 His method was ruthless, he directly destroyed his own immortal aperture.


 Once the immortal aperture was destroyed, without other immortal apertures to hold it, winds of assimilation started blowing.


 Winds of assimilation were extraordinary, they assimilated everything, even rank eight Gu Immortals had to avoid them at all costs.


 And in this mystical true inheritance space, if five finger fist heart sword or heaven and earth song were used, it would only be like a pebble tossed into a lake.


 At this moment, winds of assimilation blew, even though it was a clear breeze, the entire mystical space started shaking, it was as if water on a lake was boiled, there were ripples forming in the space unceasingly.


 Feng Jiu Ge had a solemn expression.


 Against Qin Bai Sheng’s resolute attack, he had to face it with all of his ability, if he was careless, he would die.


 Behind him, Ling Mei and Ao Xue had activated their Gu worms, protecting their bodies.


 Even Feng Jiu Ge had to activate his Immortal Gu, of course they had to do the same.


 Leaving the mystical space was another issue now. They had to survive this crisis first.


 Otherwise, it would be a pointless thing to worry about!



***
Chapter 925 - Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Two flowers blossomed, each branching in different directions.


 Ignoring the situation of Qin Bai Sheng sacrificing himself to create the winds of assimilation and trap Feng Jiu Ge, Ling Mei, and Ao Xue in a dangerous situation for now.


 Looking instead at Jiang Yu and the other immortals breaking out.


 They were about to escape, but Hei Cheng was hit by a killer move and fell.


 His face was pale as he shouted for help.


 However, they were all escaping for their lives, every second was important, at the crucial moment, any hesitation would mean the difference between life and death.


 The immortals ignored him, they only raised their own speeds to the limits.


 Fairy Jiang Yu was even more heartless, she directly told them to abandon him, disregarding Hei Cheng’s life or death.


 They were so close to escaping, freedom was right in front of them. Hei Cheng was lagging behind, couldn’t he be useful in stalling the Central Continent Gu Immortals? However, he controlled the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, after Hei Cheng died, it might end up in the Central Continent Gu Immortals’ hands.


 That was a slight pity to Jiang Yu and the others.


 But it was only slightly regretful, compared to the Immortal Gu House, their own lives were more important.


 “Hehehe, you can all continue playing around. I’m out of here.” While they were breaking out, Hui Feng Zi laughed loudly.


 Immortal killer move — Wind Escape!


 His speed rose sharply, in a few breaths of time, he was way ahead of Jiang Yu and the others.


 Seeing Jiang Yu and the others’ fiery gazes, Hui Feng Zi flew even faster.


 “Cooperate with me!” Hong Chi Ming shouted.


 Gu formations at the outer area activated, giving off bright light.


 After the hundred days battle, the Central Continent Gu Immortals had gained some coordination.


 “Where are you going?” Chen Zhen Chi and Bu Fei Yan moved out, using a Gu formation at the periphery to chase and block Hui Feng Zi.


 Hui Feng Zi was known as the fastest in Northern Plains, he came and went like the wind, Central Continent Gu Immortals had to admit that.


 Just Chen Zhen Chi or Bu Fei Yan alone could not stop Hui Feng Zi. But now, they were cooperating with much coordination.


 At once, no matter how Hui Feng Zi maneuvered, he could not shake off Chen and Bu, his speed gradually fell as he failed his escape.


 “He deserves it!” Jiang Yu and the others felt gratified, they turned towards another direction and tried to escape from the side.


 “Go down.” Old Lord Can Yang snorted in anger, using his signature life chasing fire.


 Hong Chi Ming followed up with another attack, beating the dog while it was down.


 Hei Cheng’s body was burning in flames, he screamed in pain as he fell from the sky.


 With a loud crash, he landed on the ground, he spat out a mouthful of blood as countless vines grew from the ground, tying him up firmly.


 At once, Hei Cheng was trapped, while Hui Feng Zi was obstructed, Hong Chi Ming left Hei Cheng as he chased He Lang Zi.


 He activated his killer move, mercilessly attacking He Lang Zi.


 He Lang Zi had to use his transformation path killer move, turning into the lightning flash giant wolf to resist it.


 Fairy Jiang Yu and the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal were not far away, they were obstructed by Old Man Tian Long and Old Lord Can Yang.


 They did not waste time in trash talking, the four immortals engaged in fierce combat.


 At once, winds surged and thunderous explosions occurred.


 The four immortals displayed their might, they shook the surroundings as intense air currents were created, mountains rocks crumbled and broke.


 Old Lord Can Yang was a famous rank seven Gu Immortal, when Dong Fang Chang Fan had been pretending to be dead, he had fought Unfettered Scholar, Fang Yuan, Pi Shui Han alone, he had excellent battle strength.


 Old Man Tian Long’s strength was similar to Old Lord Can Yang. The former was a supreme elder of Black Heaven Temple. He was sent here by Black Heaven Temple for the secret purpose of countering the sound path Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge.


 Looking at Shadow Sect, the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal was indeed powerful, but Fairy Jiang Yu was weaker.


 After more than ten rounds of fighting, Old Man Tian Long and Old Lord Can Yang had the upper hand, they obtained a good chance to strike.


 Immortal killer move — Life Chasing Fire!


 “Oh no!” Fairy Jiang Yu was shocked, she wanted to dodge but it was too late.


 “Stand back, let me deal with it.” At the crucial moment, the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal used his method, replacing Fairy Jiang Yu and using his body to block the life chasing fire.


 “Oh? Strange!” Old Lord Can Yang was slightly shocked.


 The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal was hit by the life chasing fire, but he was completely intact it was as if nothing had happened.


 “Sneaky fellow, show us your true appearance!” Old Man Tian Long shouted, his hands clapped together as blades flew out from the sky.


 The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal blocked them as his robe was torn, his appearance was exposed to everyone.


 Old Lord Can Yang was stunned: “You have the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance physique!”


 One of the ten extreme physiques — Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance!


 “Why are you afraid, he is merely an immortal zombie.” Old Man Tian Long howled repeatedly, his attacks becoming fiercer.


 The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal’s true identity was a rank seven immortal zombie. Different from other immortal zombies, he had a special identity, he had one of the ten extreme physiques, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, and had turned into an immortal zombie.


 “Hmph! Since you found out, there is no point in hiding this anymore.” The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal tore off his black robe, pouncing at Old Lord Can Yang.


 Old Lord Can Yang was a fire path Gu Immortal, he was countered by the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance physique, he had the disadvantage.


 Old Man Tian Long wanted to help, but Fairy Jiang Yu risked her life to block him.


 “Quickly go!” Fairy Jiang Yu screamed.


 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie angrily snorted, forcing back Old Lord Can Yang, he did not look back, he flew out of Luo Po valley, successfully escaping.


 “Where are you going?” Old Lord Can Yang roared, wanting to chase him, but Fairy Jiang Yu, who was bathed in blood, managed to block him miraculously.


 “It seems that you have given up on living! Is this immortal zombie your lover, is he worth your sacrifice?” Old Man Tian Long’s expression was cold, he descended from the sky and his hand hit Fairy Jiang Yu’s back firmly.


 Boom!


 Fairy Jiang Yu was at her wits’ end, she could not defend herself, her chest was shattered as a huge hole appeared, one could see through it.


 Her beautiful eyes turned hollow, her purple dress fluttered in the sky, like a butterfly slowly landing on the ground.


 Ten breaths of time later, Fairy Jiang Yu’s corpse landed on the ground, her bones and tendons were broken, her flesh turned into pulp.


 Fairy Jiang Yu died!


 At this point, Shadow Sect no longer had a chance.


 Old Lord Can Yang and Old Man Tian Long were free now, they could deal with He Lang Zi and Hui Feng Zi.


 Hong Chi Ming’s focus was on restricting Hei Cheng.


 A moment later, He Lang Zi screamed in a deafening tone, the giant wolf that he had turned into was cut into two. His corpse turned into a human body, blood flowed as his internal organs were torn, he died a terrible death.


 Hei Cheng was left without a choice, he reluctantly activated the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.


 Even though the Immortal Gu House was powerful, it needed to expend a huge amount of immortal essence. After the hundred days battle, Hei Cheng was already bankrupt, he did not have much immortal essence left.


 There was insufficient immortal essence to activate the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, it had less than one percent of its full power, Hong Chi Ming used his Gu formation to trap it.


 Fifteen minutes later, Hui Feng Zi lost as well.


 He was extremely fast and slippery, but after the hundred days battle, everyone knew each other’s abilities, he did not have any special techniques left, and the Central Continent Gu Immortals had an extremely tight defensive ring, like an impenetrable net. Hui Feng Zi was like a fish that was caught in a net, even though he struggled intensely, he was bound to lose.


 “Don’t kill me, I surrender.” At the moment before death, Hui Feng Zi surrendered with a pale expression.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals looked at each other, expressing their joy.


 Death was truly a terrifying thing.


 A wise man submits to circumstances, the Central Continent Gu Immortals understood why Hui Feng Zi surrendered.


 “Don’t play tricks!”


 “Hand over your Immortal Gu!”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals did not relax, they surrounded Hui Feng Zi tightly.


 Hui Feng Zi did not have any chances left, he sighed deeply as he handed over his Immortal Gu.


 Without his Immortal Gu, he was like a tiger without its claws and teeth, his threat level dropped.


 Only until he was completely under control and his life and death was at their whim did the Central Continent Gu Immortals breathe out deeply in relief.


 Focusing their minds, they started to deal with the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.


 Hui Feng Zi’s surrender gave the Central Continent Gu Immortals hope.


 The hundred days battle expended a huge amount of their immortal essence, the Central Continent Gu Immortals suffered great losses, their pressure was immense. After capturing Hui Feng Zi, the Immortal Gu they obtained were enough to recoup their losses. If they could obtain the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison as well, they would earn a huge profit from this.


 Seven minutes later, Dark Prison was taken down by the Central Continent immortals.


 But unexpectedly...


 “Where is Hei Cheng?”


 “So decisive! He abandoned this Immortal Gu House immediately and escaped.”


 “While we were capturing Hui Feng Zi, he secretly dug underground and escaped, he really managed to deceive us!”


 “Hmph, a coward who is afraid of death, a person who is barely surviving, he is not worth considering.”


 At this point, the escape attempt of Shadow Sect’s side had ended, the battle was over and the dust had settled.


 Qin Bai Sheng, Fairy Jiang Yu were sacrificed, He Lang Zi died, Hui Feng Zi surrendered, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie had escaped with the crucial Immortal Gu, Hei Cheng, who had the lowest battle strength, abandoned the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison and escaped.


 A few months ago, these people attacked Lang Ya blessed land with overwhelming might. Over a hundred days later, they were either dead, injured, had surrendered, or escaped. Even the powerful Qin Bai Sheng was sacrificed inside Luo Po valley.


 This showed the cruelty of the Gu cultivation world. Even at Gu Immortal level, they were not free from danger, one could still die easily.


 More than ten days later, a figure emerged in Earth Trench.


 Earth Trench was under the control of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, it was guarded by Dark Flow Giant City.


 But this mysterious figure could enter and leave easily, he did not attract any suspicion.


 After entering Earth Trench, the mysterious figure was familiar with Earth Trench’s terrain as he moved rapidly, taking a shortcut and entering deep into it.


 A few days later, a giant graveyard appeared before the mysterious figure’s vision.


 “I am finally here.” The mysterious figure finally showed his appearance.


 It was the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie who had escaped from Luo Po valley!


 As it turned out, Shadow Sect’s backup plan was hidden here. Back then when Central Continent’s group attacked Luo Po valley, Qin Bai Sheng and Jiang Yu had thought of breaking out and coming here to use their trump card and resolve the crisis in Luo Po valley.


 But this trump card was extremely important, if it was used abruptly, it could disrupt Shadow Sect’s plan, Qin Bai Sheng and the others were hesitant.


 When they had resolved to use it, the battle had already become very intense, they had no chance to do it anymore. They tried it forcefully, but only sacrificed the hairy man Gu Immortals in vain.


 Now, Luo Po valley was taken over by Central Continent’s group, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie did not come here thinking of revenge, and activating Shadow Sect’s backup plan. He wanted to hide himself, and place the crucial Immortal Gu here for safekeeping.


 This Immortal Gu was related to Shadow Sect’s crucial plan, it could not be lost. For this, Qin Bai Sheng and Jiang Yu had sacrificed their lives.


 “Just a bit more time, we just need a bit more time...” The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie felt anger and melancholy, he carried the Immortal Gu and entered deep into the graveyard.


 This was the graveyard of immortal zombies. He was an immortal zombie, it was too easy to disguise as a member.


 However, just when the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie thought that his ordeal was over, and that he was safe, a figure appeared.


 “Interesting... to think that I would meet a ten extreme physique immortal zombie here.” The person looked at the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, evaluating with an interested tone, his rank eight aura was emanating.


 At this moment, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie felt like he had fallen into an icy abyss, his heart was filled with despair.


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu? Why is he here!”



***
Chapter 926 - Refining Star Thought Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hu Immortal blessed land, underground cave.


 The blood zhi forest had already spread out to an area of over thirty thousand square meters.


 At the center of the blood zhi forest, the blood lingzhi shined with a dark red light, but currently the light of wisdom had already overpowered it.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was bathed in the wisdom light halo as he sat and concentrated.


 His expression was calm, he was like a statue, but his mind was working rapidly, countless thoughts were created and destroyed, they crashed into one another like a meteor shower, or the eruption of a volcano.


 He grunted.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, he slowly opened his eyes.


 His mind which was undergoing a storm made of thoughts had returned to a peaceful state.


 He frowned, thinking deeply.


 Two streams of blood slowly flowed down from his nose.


 The immortal zombie body’s blood was pale green, there was no warmth at all, it was icy cold.


 Fang Yuan indifferently cleaned up his nosebleed, he evaluated: “It seems that the Gu formation that I newly created still has many flaws.”


 Ever since he had become a wisdom path grandmaster, he had obtained countless inspirations. As for how to use wisdom Gu more efficiently, he had many new ideas.


 This Gu formation was created by him not too long ago.


 Not long ago, he had a low wisdom path attainment level and could only use the light of wisdom directly. Now, with this Gu formation, he could intensify the rate at which his thoughts collided.


 Even though it could not raise the effect of his deductions, it could save him a lot of time.


 Wisdom Gu was rank nine, while Fang Yuan was merely a rank six immortal zombie, it was already very difficult for him to use the light of wisdom. This Gu formation could be considered a significant breakthrough.


 Furthermore, this Gu formation was not in its original state, it had been modified several times.


 The first few versions had all sorts of flaws, once, the Gu formation even exploded inside Fang Yuan’s body.


 When he used it this time, Fang Yuan withstood the backlash of the Gu formation and suffered a minor injury.


 “The Gu formation still needs to be modified... but, that is not key. Now, the difficult problem is the modification of the star thought Immortal Gu recipe.”


 Fang Yuan frowned even deeper.


 A few days ago, Blazing Heaven Demoness had recruited Fang Yuan, he used this chance to request the refinement of star thought Immortal Gu to her.


 Both sides came to an agreement, Blazing Heaven Demoness was very generous about funding Fang Yuan. She provided the materials to refine star thought Immortal Gu for him, dispatching Bo Dan to send them over.


 These immortal materials were very precious. Not only were they expensive, if Fang Yuan had to collect them himself, he would need to expend a lot of time.


 Only Blazing Heaven Demoness, using her rank eight cultivation level, her Zombie Alliance status, and her deep foundations could gather three sets of these immortal materials in such a small amount of time.


 Fang Yuan was well prepared, he naturally got to refining Gu.


 But he had tried three times consecutively and failed them all.


 Fang Yuan was mentally prepared in regards to failing.


 After all, he did not have the success dao mark from the Refinement Path Convention this time, he could only rely on his own skills and luck.


 Relying on skill was easily understood, but why did he have to rely on luck?


 Looking at the example of star thought Immortal Gu, during the refinement process, there was a step that needed two immortal materials. He needed a portion of pale flame white bones, and a portion of green beetle water lotuses.


 The former was a fire path immortal material, the latter was a water path immortal material.


 At this step, the two immortal materials have to be processed at the same time, fusing water and fire, to create a clear liquid.


 But this step was very difficult.


 There were fire path dao marks on the pale flame white bone, and water path dao marks on the green beetle water lotus. To process them and form the clear liquid, the fire path dao marks and the water path dao marks have to be equal in number. Even if they were not equal, the difference had to be very small. That was the only way the fire and water could cancel out each other, if one side was higher, more than the range allowed, the liquid would be extremely murky.


 This sort of murky liquid could not be used.


 But the liquid could not be stored for long, it needed to be refined right before use. Fang Yuan did not have a time path Immortal Gu to seal the state of the liquid. Thus, Fang Yuan had to create the liquid while refining Immortal Gu.


 And the difference in dao marks was extremely subtle. Even if Fang Yuan focused all his attention and used his best methods, he could not inspect all of them, he could only estimate.


 Fang Yuan was not a fire path or water path Gu Immortal, he was already reaching the limits of his investigative abilities.


 Thus, the Immortal Gu recipe strictly stated the age of the green beetle water lotuses, as well as the amount of pale flame white bones.


 But even so, even among green beetle water lotuses of the same age, they would have different water path dao marks on them due to the environment that they were in. If the pale flame white bones were damaged, there would also be fewer dao marks on them.


 All of the Gu refinement materials met the Immortal Gu recipe’s requirements after Fang Yuan checked them meticulously.


 But when they were used in practice, there was bound to be failure.


 To refine the clear liquid, there was luck involved in it.


 The entire Immortal Gu refinement process had many such examples like the fusing of water and fire.


 Succeeding once or twice was not difficult. The difficult thing was to succeed every single time.


 Thus, the success rate of refining Immortal Gu was extremely low.


 Many Gu Immortal went bankrupt trying to refine an Immortal Gu without success.


 Immortal Gu were a huge boost to the Gu Immortal in all aspects.


 Because of the existence of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, Gu Immortals had an even more intense desire in regards to Immortal Gu.


 But in the history of Gu cultivation, there were countless instances of Immortal Gu refinement failing, these painful experiences landed countless people in terrible straits.


 At present, many rank six Gu Immortals did not even have a single Immortal Gu.


 Gu Immortals would rather attempt to capture wild Immortal Gu than take a risk and refine Immortal Gu themselves.


 Of course, there was another reason, refinement path attainment levels differed between Gu Immortals. Many Gu Immortals did not have the confidence to refine Immortal Gu themselves.


 Especially when it came to Immortal Gu with higher ranks, Gu Immortals would have even less confidence in refining them.


 In the past, even two venerables, Giant Sun and Thieving Heaven, had to ask Long Hair Ancestor to help them refine Immortal Gu and Immortal Gu Houses.


 Fang Yuan was modifying the Immortal Gu recipe in this aspect.


 When he became a wisdom path grandmaster, his star path attainment also rose to grandmaster level. This gave him the ability to modify the Immortal Gu recipe of Star Thought.


 Including this current deduction, he had already modified many aspects of the original Immortal Gu recipe.


 Eleven processes that were similar to this water and fire fusion had been taken out, they were replaced with more stable steps with higher success rates.


 “Looking at the time, Blazing Heaven Demoness is about to send me the fourth set of Gu refinement immortal materials.”


 With Blazing Heaven Demoness’ funding, Fang Yuan’s financial difficulties had been alleviated. Blazing Heaven Demoness had been wanting to attack Yu Lu blessed land, she was generous in allowing Fang Yuan to refine star thought Immortal Gu, she would not stop until he succeeded.


 But she was not easy to fool.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to use the excuse of failure to cheat Blazing Heaven Demoness and get the Gu refinement immortal materials, he would not succeed.


 Even though Blazing Heaven Demoness agreed to fund Fang Yuan, they had made an agreement: All of the funded immortal materials would become Fang Yuan’s debt towards her. Whether he succeeded or not in refining the Immortal Gu, he would need to pay her back later. The longer he dragged this on, the more interest Blazing Heaven Demoness would receive. If Fang Yuan successfully refines the Immortal Gu but fails to return her the sum in a hundred years, then Blazing Heaven Demoness would be allowed to take an Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan as compensation.


 If it were Shark Demon who gave this condition, Fang Yuan would not agree to it, he would propose one that suited his interests more.


 But this was the demanding and domineering Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fang Yuan also needed to refine star thought Immortal Gu as soon as possible, he could only agree to it.


 Thus, it was in no way suitable to cheat Blazing Heaven Demoness’ funding.


 Fang Yuan failed three times, the losses were all on him, he already owed Blazing Heaven Demoness a huge debt.


 Fang Yuan could clearly discern some of Blazing Heaven Demoness’ plans.


 Even if Fang Yuan could not repay his debt, with the wisdom path attainment that he displayed, Blazing Heaven Demoness could make use of it and force Fang Yuan to work for her.


 After all, wisdom path Gu Immortals were very rare. Those with Fang Yuan’s level of attainment were extremely useful subordinates.


 If Fang Yuan succeeded in refining star thought Immortal Gu, Blazing Heaven Demoness would be even happier. Because this would allow her to take down Yu Lu blessed land.


 The conclusion was that Blazing Heaven Demoness would only earn from this regardless of what happens.


 After failing three times, the pressure was all on Fang Yuan.


 “According to my current situation, I can only do seven refinement attempts. Now, I have already failed three times, I have four chances left. In terms of refining Gu, I have already reached the limits. I can only work harder in terms of luck.”


 Fang Yuan thought it over.


 He had connect luck Immortal Gu, he could forcefully link to other people’s luck and boost his own luck.


 But there was a drawback with this.


 Even though Fang Yuan had Connect Luck, he did not have Break Luck along with it.


 He could only connect, but not break.


 If the target of his luck connection became unlucky, Fang Yuan would be implicated.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had chosen several targets earlier, these people had extremely powerful luck, they were moreover unceasing and would not fade or become bad over time.


 But these people were very rare, in the entirety of the five regions, looking over his previous life, there were only so many of them.


 Fang Yuan calculated: “The remaining ones have not been born yet. Among them, Song Yi Shi had already killed the ancestor of Li Xiao Yao on the nameless island, there is no way he can be born now. The soonest and best target can only be Fairy Black Moon.”


 Fairy Black Moon was very incredible.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, she was the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House. She was one of the most outstanding characters in Spirit Affinity House.


 Her status was similar to Mo Yao in the past, or even higher.


 This was because in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, there was a great era of turmoil. The five regions were in unprecedented chaos, the appearance of dream realms broke the balance of the different forces, a new Gu cultivation path, dream path, was produced, everything hinted towards the emergence of Great Dream Immortal Venerable.


 In this great era, heroes emerged, conquerors surfaced, capable people were everywhere, dragons and snakes rampaged all while Fairy Black Moon remained as the representative of Spirit Affinity House, one of the ten great ancient sects, she had incredible talent, it was surely first-rate in the five regions.


 Furthermore, Fairy Black Moon led the Central Continent Gu Immortals to attack Imperial Court blessed land, she had outstanding achievements and incredible battle strength, her methods were also profound.


 Ever since Fairy Black Moon emerged, she grew stronger with each battle, turning disaster into fortune, her luck had been very strong.


 She was indeed an ideal target for Fang Yuan’s luck connection.



***
Chapter 927 - Fang Yuans Opportunity


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Unfortunately, Fairy Black Moon wore a mask and had a mysterious status, I do not know her true identity. In my previous life, she was like a rising sun, she was dazzling and bright, there was no biography on her. Maybe she is still an ordinary disciple in Spirit Affinity House, or maybe she is the descendant of a Gu Immortal. In short, I have too little information, there is nothing I can search for about her.”


 Since he could not find Fairy Black Moon, he could only look for other, inferior targets.


 These people were also very famous characters.


 But they only had strong luck for a period of time, it was not long lasting. Several of them had large fluctuations, some even had great misfortune after a period of good luck, dying in the process.


 “If I use Connect Luck on them, my luck can become very strong in the short run, I can surely refine star thought Immortal Gu successfully. But I do not have Break Luck, when they become unlucky, so will I. Sacrificing the long term prospects for such small temporary gains, is it really worth it?” Fang Yuan was hesitant.


 If he had break luck Immortal Gu, this was not a problem for him.


 But whether he could obtain Break Luck in the future, Fang Yuan had no confidence in that.


 He was never a person who would do something in which he had no assurance of the outcome.


 Placing his hopes of success on pure chance, Fang Yuan would not do that.


 He was indeed willing to gamble and take risks, but he was actually very careful and meticulous at the same time. If not for that, he would not have gotten so far.


 Several days later, Blazing Heaven Demoness sent over sufficient immortal materials for him to refine Gu again.


 But Fang Yuan was no longer in the mood to refine Gu.


 He had just heard some shocking news.


 Not long ago, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was infiltrated by Old Ancestor Xue Hu. The latter went deep into Earth Trench and secretly ransacked many precious Immortal Gu and immortal materials.


 If Old Ancestor Xue Hu was not exposed, Zombie Alliance could only let this matter go.


 But the problem was, an intense battle caused Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s tracks to be exposed, Zombie Alliance had to make a response to this.


 Zombie Alliance was huge, it spanned across five regions, their territory had just been infiltrated and looted casually, how could they allow it?


 If they did not punish such wrongdoers, Zombie Alliance’s reputation would suffer, their authority would be undermined and many forces would look down on them, how could they hold their ground in the Gu Immortal world and compete with other forces?


 Any organization’s face represented a certain extent of benefits.


 Moreover, just now, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was found in the immortal zombie graveyard.


 This greatly provoked all the Zombie Alliance immortal zombies, they burst into anger.


 Immortal zombies had a lot of dao marks in their bodies, they were excellent Gu refinement materials. But an immortal zombie’s immortal aperture was dead, thus, they held their own bodies in high regard, this was the last bit of pride they had.


 Therefore, immortal zombies placed much more importance on their bodies than ordinary Gu Immortals.


 The immortal zombie graveyard was a place in Zombie Alliance that could not be defiled.


 But their sanctuary was ravaged by Old Ancestor Xue Hu, could they ignore this?


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu went overboard. This violates the bottom line of Zombie Alliance, it seems that he is taking a risk to refine Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven. He actually became a thief and personally stole immortal zombie bodies.” Fang Yuan assessed.


 He thought about his previous life.


 In those five hundred years, this did not happen.


 “In my past life, Ma Hong Yun was alive and well, Old Ancestor Xue Hu did not obtain him, of course he could not refine Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven. It seems that now, because of my rebirth, everything is changing as my influence grows, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was implicated by me.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s plight was a good thing to Fang Yuan.


 In Dark Flow Giant City, Yin Liu Gong, Dragon Commander Ye Cha, and Huang Quan Weng, these three rank seven immortal zombies were standing guard. How could they be Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s match, after it happened, they could only watch as he flew away.


 This matter could not be ignored, the three immortal zombies could only seek help from Zombie Alliance’s headquarters.


 Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance flew into a rage, they sent three rank eight immortal zombies, along with ten rank seven immortal zombies out to punish Old Ancestor Xue Hu and protect their reputation.


 Among these three immortal zombies, one was Blazing Heaven Demoness, it was necessary for her to go.


 Why?


 Because Blazing Heaven Demoness was the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch.


 She was supposed to be guarding Dark Flow Giant City.


 Once this happened, Blazing Heaven Demoness who was in Eastern Sea had to bear responsibility. When a mishap happened to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, she had to return and fulfill her duty.


 Once Blazing Heaven Demoness leaves, the mission of taking down Yu Lu blessed land returns to Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 Fate worked in mysterious ways, it really caught people off guard and went beyond anyone’s expectations.


 Originally, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had no more hope, but because of Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Zombie Alliance had to focus on protecting its reputation. Thus, Blazing Heaven Demoness had to return to Northern Plains, and the ones left that were most suited to invade Yu Lu blessed land were Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 Ever since Blazing Heaven Demoness forcefully took over the mission of Yu Lu blessed land, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had been having a hard time, everyone avoided them like the plague. But now, the situation was reversed, after all, there was only one final round in Yu Lu blessed land, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man would prosper soon. With this change in circumstances, many Gu Immortals came over to befriend them, to repair the cracks in their relationships that was created earlier. Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were sighing over the mysterious twists and turns in life.


 Fang Yuan had no time to care about their feelings.


 Shark Demon was angry at Fang Yuan for turning to Blazing Heaven Demoness so quickly, in this invasion, he did not even invite Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Fang Yuan did not give a hoot.


 Invading Yu Lu blessed land would give him only a small portion of the rewards, it was far less important than refining star thought Immortal Gu.


 And refining star thought Immortal Gu was only the icing on the cake, it was less important than getting into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 After all, since long ago, Fang Yuan had been wanting the inheritance in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance. That was the inheritance of an immortal zombie great expert, it would be extremely helpful to Fang Yuan in reviving from his zombie state. In his previous life, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance obtained this inheritance and gained a huge boost in strength, surpassing Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance for a period of time!


 Fang Yuan tried to disguise as immortal zombie Sha Huang, in an attempt to make his way into Earth Trench and obtain the inheritance.


 It was a pity he failed.


 Feng Jiu Ge and the others ruined his plans.


 Left with no choice, Fang Yuan had to give up on it. There were many twists and turns along the way, he joined the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, he invaded Yu Lu blessed land, and even obtained two or three ways to revive from his immortal zombie body. However, his initial goal was still not achieved.


 Now, it was the best chance for him to make his way into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 Before Fang Yuan had even made any request, Blazing Heaven Demoness had already requested Fang Yuan to go back to Northern Plains with her.


 In the letter, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ attitude was still domineering as ever, and the reason she gave was also valid and enticing.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was the base of Blazing Heaven Demoness, she had many immortal materials kept there, she could give Fang Yuan more attempts at refining star thought Immortal Gu over there.


 Or perhaps she was worried about letting Fang Yuan stay in Eastern Sea.


 After all, the five regions’ regional walls were hard to pass.


 The higher the cultivation level, the harder it is to pass, the difficulty multiplied by several times!


 A hundred years ago, Blazing Heaven Demoness came to Eastern Sea from Northern Plains, most of her wealth was expended as she even got heavily injured, she only recovered after recuperating for eight years.


 Now, facing a strong foe like Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Blazing Heaven Demoness was uncertain of how much time it would take to settle.


 Keeping Fang Yuan by her side was more assuring.


 At the same time, the wisdom path Gu Immortal Xing Xiang Zi might provide Blazing Heaven Demoness some help when dealing with Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 All in all, the chance that Fang Yuan had been trying to create and was waiting for had arrived.


 It was all thanks to Old Ancestor Xue Hu getting discovered!


 Towards Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Fang Yuan even felt a hint of gratitude.


 Several days later.


 Northern Plains, in the deepest parts of Luo Po valley.


 The atmosphere was tense.


 The five Gu Immortals from Central Continent had solemn expressions as they looked at this inconspicuous place.


 After the battle had ended, only two people from Shadow Sect escaped.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals who had come to Northern Plains in secret and were very confident had suffered heavy losses, only five were left now.


 “To think that a Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable true inheritance was hidden deep within Luo Po valley!” Bu Fei Yan sighed.


 These last days, they had taken control of Luo Po valley and while being vigilant, they made every attempt to save Feng Jiu Ge, Ling Mei, and Ao Xue.


 In the end, they confirmed the existence of the Thieving Heaven true inheritance, but they could not enter.


 “It is a pity that my sect has no understanding regarding the Thieving Heaven true inheritances. It is too difficult to enter, we cannot break in for at least two to three years.” Hong Chi Ming said.


 He was the most skilled in Gu formations among the five here.


 Now that Ancient Soul Sect’s Old Oracle had died, Hong Chi Ming was most suited to speak in this situation.


 Not mentioning three years, the Central Continent immortals could not even wait for three months. In fact, it had been very risky to stay in Luo Po valley these last days.


 After all, two Gu Immortals had escaped, what if they lured over other people, and attacked again.


 “Actually, even if we know how to get in, we might not be able to save them. This is the arrangement of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable after all.”


 “Lord Feng Jiu Ge is so strong, yet he is still trapped inside without any commotion. It seems that it is very dangerous inside, if we go in, we might not survive.”


 “Qin Bai Sheng had planned meticulously to trap Feng Jiu Ge in there. If we go to save him rashly, perhaps...”


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals spoke, their words contained deep meaning, their gazes were flickering uncertainly.


 The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent were all under Heavenly Court, but they did not coexist in harmony, they had incessant conflicts.


 If Feng Jiu Ge, a one in a thousand years genius, were to die here, the other nine sects would heave sighs of relief.


 As for Ao Xue and Ling Mei, they had Immortal Gu, if they died here, Heaven’s Envy Manor would lose its signature killer move — Peerless Crescent Moon Slash. This was no small loss even to Heaven’s Envy Manor which had a deep foundation.


 The enemy had left, the age-old inner conflicts between the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had finally started to vaguely show themselves in these five immortals.


 “We infiltrated Northern Plains to investigate the truth behind the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Even though we took down Luo Po valley, Old Oracle has died and Feng Jiu Ge is trapped, we can only stop here now.”


 “That’s right, after this battle, we have all suffered huge losses, we need to rest and recuperate now.”


 “In my opinion, we should hand over the information of what happened, and the fruits of our investigation over to our sects, that is the most important thing.”


 “That makes sense, don’t forget, we have captured Hui Feng Zi and the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison. These gains are all extremely valuable, we need to handle them appropriately.”


 As they conversed, the Central Continent five immortals silently smiled internally.


 Why would they save Feng Jiu Ge?


 Save him so that he could suppress them? Save him so that he could get a share of the loot?


 But they were in the righteous path, they needed to act on the surface, and not give others excuses to target them.


 Now that they had made enough excuses for themselves, the five Central Continent immortals agreed on one thing — to return to Central Continent as soon as possible!



***
Chapter 928 - Luck Path Backlash


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After passing the regional wall, the group from Eastern Sea finally reached Northern Plains.


 “I am finally back.” Fang Yuan sighed. He was disguised as Xing Xiang Zi, as he stepped on the grassland, his wistful sigh was not just an act.


 In front of him, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ gaze flickered as she muttered softly: “Yes, I’m finally back.”


 She was more deeply moved than Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, he only became an immortal in Northern Plains, he was born in Southern Border.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness was born and bred a person of Northern Plains, after a hundred years, she was finally back.


 The five regions had varying terrains. Eastern Sea had endless mystical sea areas, Northern Plains was mostly flat and had countless grasslands, plains, and mounds.


 Right now, Blazing Heaven Demoness had stepped into an infertile grassland, the yellow-brown soil only had a trace of greenery.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness felt a strong sense of familiarity inside her.


 Apart from Fang Yuan and Blazing Heaven Demoness, the other Gu Immortals frowned slightly. They were Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, they felt curiosity yet unfamiliarity towards Northern Plains. Going from their homeland to another region, they felt a sense of ostracism inside them, they felt out of place from the environment that they were in.


 Among them, there were two immortal zombies with the strongest auras, they were both rank eight.


 These Gu Immortals from Eastern Sea were almost all immortal zombies, there were barely any living Gu Immortals. Including Fang Yuan and Blazing Heaven Demoness, there was a total of three rank eights, six rank sevens, and four rank sixes.


 They were a powerful group, they had strength in numbers!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s actions had truly angered Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, it sent out such a huge group to Northern Plains just to take revenge.


 However, all of the Gu Immortals were injured now. The rank six Gu Immortals were lightly injured, the rank sevens had more severe injuries and were in pathetic states, while the three rank eight Gu Immortals were weak and had damaged bodies, some were missing arms while others were missing legs. Their bodies were swaying in the breeze, as if about to fall over at any time.


 The edges of the five regions had regional walls. The one surrounding Northern Plains was the licorice regional wall, and the one around Eastern Sea was the blue water regional wall.


 Because of the existence of regional walls, the five regions were isolated.


 Furthermore, the regional walls were bigger obstructions against stronger life forms.


 The difficulty of a rank eight Gu Immortal passing a regional wall was innumerable times as hard as a rank six Gu Immortal!


 The Eastern Sea immortal zombies had to go from Eastern Sea to Northern Plains, they had to pass two regional walls, the three rank eights were heavily injured, while four of the rank seven immortal zombies died in the regional walls. In contrast, the rank six Gu Immortals faced less pressure.


 Among all of them, Fang Yuan had the easiest time.


 He had the lowest cultivation level, at the bottom of rank six, at the same time, he was also a Northern Plains Gu Immortal.


 When he entered Northern Plains from Eastern Sea, the Eastern Sea regional wall rejected him and pushed him out, while the Northern Plains regional wall welcomed him and drew him in.


 Using the same logic, among the three rank eight immortal zombies, Blazing Heaven Demoness had the lightest injuries.


 Like travelers from afar returning home, Fang Yuan and Blazing Heaven Demoness received the warm welcome of Northern Plains.


 “If not for the giant Gu formation in Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, we would have to sacrifice at least one rank eight immortal zombie, and half of the rank sevens.”


 Fang Yuan observed silently, at the same time, he inwardly praised Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s deep foundations.


 Before they left, dozens of immortal zombies in the Zombie Alliance headquarters activated a Gu formation, causing an earth tide.


 Once in a while, an earth tide would generate in Eastern Sea.


 Drawing the force of the earth from deep within the sea trenches, a grand force would move the seawater and create an earth tide.


 An earth tide was extremely powerful, it could easily whip up giant tsunamis. When an earth tide rushes at the regional wall, the regional wall would become thinner as a result, thus, every year during the earth tides, many Gu Immortals from other regions would enter Eastern Sea.


 When Fang Yuan and the others set off, the earth tides were over already.


 To think that in Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, there was a method to create an artificial earth tide, weakening a portion of the Eastern Sea regional wall for a short period of time.


 If not for this, Fang Yuan and the others would have suffered greater injuries.


 “What do we do now?” After resting for a while, a rank eight immortal zombie broke the silence.


 The other Gu Immortals were focusing their gazes on Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was the leader of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, among the three rank eight immortal zombies, she was the strongest in terms of battle strength, thus, she was primarily directing the group in this mission.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness did not hesitate, she smiled: “According to a reliable source, Old Ancestor Xue Hu has already returned to Snowy Mountain blessed land. We should not rush there, we should rest and recuperate, and recover our battle strength, that is the best course of action.”


 The immortal zombies nodded in agreement, there were no objections.


 They had just passed the regional walls, their battle strength had dropped to the lowest point, they needed to recover now.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness did not even go back to Dark Flow Giant City, she chose a hidden and secluded spot.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals went into hiding as they recuperated.


 This was the same course of action as taken by the Central Continent Gu Immortals when they came.


 There was no other choice, the cost of passing the regional walls was too high.


 In Snowy Mountain blessed land, snow was falling.


 Three main peaks with countless branch peaks were situated, like a colossal frost giant that was standing straight.


 Among them, the first main peak was tall and big, it was the residence of Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Right now, in a certain room on the first main peak, a giant Gu formation was flickering with golden lights.


 Outside the Gu formation, there was an old man.


 It was Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 But at this moment, it was not him controlling the Gu formation, it was a female immortal.


 This female immortal looked like she was in her late twenties, she had a beautiful appearance and elegant disposition, it was the second leader of Snowy Mountain, Lady Wan Shou.


 Lady Wan Shou was Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s wife, she looked much younger than Old Ancestor Xue Hu, but she was in fact much older than him.


 Lady Wan Shou once had a fortuitous encounter and obtained the inheritance of Gu Immortal Wang Jiu, not only did she obtain a few lifespan Gu, she also obtained many lifespan extension methods.


 These lifespan extension methods all had drawbacks compared to lifespan Gu.


 But lifespan Gu were extremely hard to find, Lady Wan Shou’s lifespan extension methods were very popular with other Gu Immortals.


 During Lady Wan Shou’s early days, many Gu Immortals had approached her, paying a huge price for her to extend their lifespans.


 In time, Lady Wan Shou helped more and more Gu Immortals, she had extended more than a thousand years worth of lifespan. Not only did she receive countless cultivation resources, her strength also rose drastically, she built a strong network and was very popular.


 Many Gu Immortals needed her services, they naturally did not dare to offend her, they promoted her as her reputation soared far and wide.


 Lady Wan Shou was not only skilled at extending lifespan, she was also a refinement path quasi-great grandmaster, she was known in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world as one of the ‘four refinement path experts’.


 Quasi-great grandmaster, she was only a step away from great grandmaster level.


 In terms of refinement path, Fang Yuan could not compare to Lady Wan Shou at all. As for Old Ancestor Xue Hu, he was an ice and snow path expert, he was also inferior in refinement path.


 Thus, whenever Old Ancestor Xue Hu wanted to refine Gu, he would ask Lady Wan Shou to do it.


 But now, Lady Wan Shou was using this refinement path Gu formation not to refine Gu, but to temper an immortal material.


 This immortal material was dug out by Old Ancestor Xue Hu from deep in Earth Trench, inside the deepest part of the Zombie Alliance immortal zombie graveyard.


 It was palm sized and was shining in purple-gold light, it was like a rock.


 The refinement path Gu formation shined brightly and made great rumbling noises.


 A while later, the Gu formation settled down, and the light also dissipated. The mysterious purple-gold rock that had turned completely red now cooled down quickly, it went back to its previous state.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu looked at Lady Wan Shou with an expectant gaze, he was asking her wordlessly.


 Lady Wan Shou frowned slightly, she shook her head.


 “Even you cannot tell what this mysterious purple-gold rock is?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu was surprised.


 “This immortal material is truly extraordinary, I have already used my Gu formation to its limits, but I could not refine it. This is the first time I’ve seen such a situation, I need to research it carefully.”


 After saying this, Lady Wan Shou changed the topic: “Dear, you were too careless. It would have been fine if you were not exposed when stealing immortal zombies. But now that you have exceeded Zombie Alliance’s bottom line, they are sure to take revenge, you need to be careful.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu nodded, he said heavily: “This time, I was overconfident. My original plan was progressing smoothly, I almost looted the entire immortal zombie graveyard, but suddenly, a Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie appeared. This is a superb immortal material for refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu, I got too excited and tried to capture him. To think he had already set up a Gu formation in the graveyard, I was careless and could not conceal the sound of the battle, thus Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was alerted.”


 “Oh...” Old Ancestor Xue Hu sighed deeply: “Now that I think about it, it was likely the interference of fortune rivalling heaven Immortal.”


 Lady Wan Shou said in a heavy tone: “Fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu is rank eight, it is to be expected that you were influenced. This is the core Immortal Gu of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. When I was refining Gu recently, I have been failing a lot too, it is likely the effect of fortune rivalling heaven Gu. But dear, just now, you have obtained a large number of immortal zombie bodies, the rate of immortal material collection was raised drastically. As long as we can refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, all of this would be worth it.”


 Ever since Old Ancestor Xue Hu bought Ma Hong Yun, he had been using the latter as the main material to refine the rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.


 This matter was not advantageous to Ma Hong Yun, thus, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou faced the backlash of fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.


 Not only them, many Gu Immortals of Snowy Mountain blessed land had received Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s orders to collect immortal materials, but they constantly faced bad luck and many mishaps happened to them.


 Actually, previously, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had already experienced a backlash from luck path.


 That was when Fairy Li Shan had just obtained Miniscule Mountain, it attracted the attack of Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. But fighting both of them alone, Old Ancestor Xue Hu forced them to retreat.


 Luck path was not invincible by any means, Old Ancestor Xue Hu used his immense strength to resist the backlash of luck path.


 Just now, it was a near guaranteed success that he would steal the immortal zombie bodies, but due to the luck path backlash, he became careless, and the matter was blown up.


 “The more difficulties we face in refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu, the more we can see the power of this Immortal Gu, and the more determined I am to refine it! Don’t worry, I have already placed Dark Flow Giant City under close supervision, if anything happens, I will know immediately. We will resist whoever comes here, I want to see if Zombie Alliance can really invest so much into this.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu laughed, he displayed the dominance and ambition of a demonic path overlord.



***
Chapter 929 - Plotting Against Old Ancestor Xue Hu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The huge Dark Flow Giant City was situation in a desolate land.


 Darkness loomed over it, the giant city was like a slumbering beast, quietly lurking.


 Ever since Old Ancestor Xue Hu had ransacked the immortal zombie graveyard, Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the other two leaders had closed the entirety of Dark Flow Giant City, showing a defensive stance.


 Dark Flow Giant City was focusing on defense, no matter how other forces tried to probe it, they could only obtain a bit of information.


 When night came, Blazing Heaven Demoness led the other Eastern Sea immortal zombies and secretly returned to Dark Flow Giant City.


 “Subordinates Yin Liu Gong, Dragon Commander Ye Cha and Huang Quan Weng welcome leader and both lords, greetings to everyone.” The three currently in charge of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance paid respects, they could not conceal the uneasiness and agitation in their expressions.


 “Get up. You were facing Old Ancestor Xue Hu, it was not your fault.” Blazing Heaven Demoness said first.


 Yin Liu Gong and the others sighed in relief, their worries were eased.


 Their lives had been very difficult these last few days.


 On one hand, they were waiting for the reinforcements from Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, but at the same time, they were worried about their responsibility towards this matter in terms of negligence.


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu was too arrogant, he has to pay the price, we of Zombie Alliance are not to be trifled with.” Another rank eight immortal zombie said.


 The surrounding immortal zombies looked at him in admiration, they quickly voiced out their agreement.


 This rank eight immortal zombie was known as Corpse Detonation King, he was most skilled at using the smallest cost to ignite immortal zombie bodies and cause terrifying explosions.


 He had a bad temper and was ruthless, when he passed the regional wall, he wantonly attacked allies who disagreed with him and killed them. Among the four rank seven immortal zombies that died, three were dead because of him. Their corpses were blown to bits, completely shattered, they created a huge explosion in the regional wall which allowed Corpse Detonation King to advance forward.


 “Leader, when are we counterattacking?”


 “When we attack, please let me be the vanguard!”


 Yin Liu Gong and Huang Quan Weng saw the reinforcements from Eastern Sea and felt a strong sense of enthusiasm, they requested to help.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was not anxious, she said leisurely: “This matter is very important, let’s go look at the crime scene first, we need to collect evidence there.”


 “That’s right, looking at these traces, we might be able to estimate some of Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s methods.” Another rank eight immortal zombie, Pu Wan Dao, nodded in agreement.


 Even though they were greater in numbers, they were all immortal zombies, compared to living Gu Immortals, they had many drawbacks.


 Most importantly, the other party was not an ordinary person, they could not pressure him easily.


 This was someone who could fight both Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu alone and force them back, he was a fearsome character, the publicly recognized number one demonic path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 Next, the immortal zombies moved without pause, secretly going to Earth Trench and analyzing the battlefield.


 The battlefield was well preserved by Yin Liu Gong and the others.


 The immortal zombie graveyard was a mess, the surface was covered in large amounts of frost, some crevices even had some fire burning in them.


 Everyone displayed their abilities as they investigated.


 Fang Yuan was among them, but his mind was wandering.


 He gazed around, but his mind was elsewhere. He was looking for the treasure, but this treasure was not inside the immortal zombie graveyard, it was far deeper in Earth Trench.


 “How can I obtain this treasure without anyone else knowing? I have a feeling this inheritance will surely be of huge help to me. Perhaps I will have to rely on it to get rid of my immortal zombie body and revive.”


 Fang Yuan was becoming more excited about it.


 But currently it was a pity that he was unable to leave the group, he could only follow them as they left Earth Trench, returning to Dark Flow Giant City.


 After observing the battlefield, the immortal zombies’ expressions turned very ugly.


 Even Corpse Detonation King and Pu Wan Dao had grim expressions.


 Even though they did not engage in battle personally, just looking at the traces left behind, they could estimate Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s immense power.


 But this made everyone feel that there was something strange, it was the person who could fight Old Ancestor Xue Hu to this extent.


 “Who is this person? With rank seven cultivation level, he had outstanding battle strength, even already having set up a Gu formation in the graveyard itself. They seem to be an immortal zombie as well, but why do I not have their details in my list of names?” Blazing Heaven Demoness frowned deeply, she asked Yin Liu Gong and the others.


 Yin Liu Gong, Dragon Commander Ye Cha, and Huang Quan Weng smiled bitterly, they admitted blame in unison: “We have failed our duties, we were kept in the dark and did not know that there was such a person hiding in Earth Trench.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness snorted coldly, her expression turned cold: “Investigate, investigate thoroughly. I feel that this is not so simple! Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s appearance here can be explained. He needs to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu but is lacking in immortal materials. But why did that mysterious immortal zombie appear in our Northern Plains Zombie Alliance graveyard? Looking at this situation, he had been here for a long time already!”


 “No need to investigate.” At this time, the rank eight Gu Immortal Corpse Detonation King interjected: “This person is a member of Zombie Alliance. We are here now to rescue him.”


 Beside him, Pu Wan Dao added: “Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, and everyone from Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, do forgive us. This person is not ordinary, he is a ten extreme immortal zombie with outstanding battle strength. Because he is on a secret mission from Zombie Alliance, for his safety, he was kept hidden. Zombie Alliance’s headquarters has sent down a top priority order, we have to work together to rescue this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.”


 “It was like this?” The immortal zombies showed looks of shock.


 Yin Liu Gong and the other two were slightly taken aback before their expressions turned grim.


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha cupped his fists at the people from Eastern Sea: “I wonder what secret mission this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was on, that he had to come to the highly important immortal zombie graveyard in our Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.”


 Corpse Detonation King replied coldly: “This is not something you are qualified to know.”


 “Alright.” Blazing Heaven Demoness stood up, she tried to ease the situation: “Our enemy now is Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Since that immortal zombie is one of us, we will save him as well.”


 Yin Liu Gong and the others nodded in agreement.


 Fang Yuan watched coldly from the side.


 This secret was kept from even Blazing Heaven Demoness. She was, after all, a Northern Plains immortal zombie, even though she had been in Eastern Sea for a long time, she was still isolated from the true core of Zombie Alliance.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan realized something.


 Zombie Alliance sent out so many people not only to teach Old Ancestor Xue Hu a lesson, but they most importantly wanted to save this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.


 Fang Yuan saw this interesting situation as he laughed internally: “Hehe, if this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was sent by Zombie Alliance’s headquarters secretly as a spy to check on the Northern Plains branch, that would be amusing! Earlier, Dragon Commander Ye Cha was probably trying to ask about this.”


 “Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, you are indeed a valuable member of our Zombie Alliance. If everyone else had your awareness and understanding, why would we have to worry about Zombie Alliance’s goal of becoming the overlord of the five regions? Hahaha!” Corpse Detonation King laughed loudly.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was kept in the dark, she only learned about the true mission now.


 But she was a shrewd person, she did not show any displeasure, instead she said: “Next, let us talk about how we will teach Old Ancestor Xue Hu a lesson and also save the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.”


 Corpse Detonation King immediately said: “The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie’s body has an abundance of fire path and lightning path dao marks, he is extremely suited to be used to refine Gu. We should not waste time, we should just approach him directly.”


 “Going right at him is just an act of a boor.” Blazing Heaven Demoness rebuked, not giving Corpse Detonation King any face.


 Corpse Detonation King stared as he was about to say something, but Pu Wan Dao also supported Blazing Heaven Demoness: “That is right, the other party captured the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, he has a hostage. If we go there openly, even if we suppress Old Ancestor Xue Hu, he will use the hostage to threaten us, we will be restricted and all our advantages would be lost.”


 “Then we will sneak into Snowy Mountain blessed land and save the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie!” Corpse Detonation King said again.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness snorted: “Outside Dark Flow Giant City, there are countless hidden investigators, some must come from Snowy Mountain blessed land. With just this, we can see how alert Old Ancestor Xue Hu is, Snowy Mountain blessed land is sure to be heavily guarded. It is not realistic to sneak in, it is like surrendering ourselves to them. Of course! Corpse Detonation King, you are incredibly powerful and have amazing skills, if you want to, you can go yourself. I am sure that with your strength, you will succeed.”


 “You!” Corpse Detonation King was lost for words, he showed an ashamed and angry expression.


 “Then, in your opinion, what shall we do?” Pu Wan Dao placed his hand on Corpse Detonation King’s shoulder as he asked Blazing Heaven Demoness with a sharp gaze.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled proudly: “Even though Old Ancestor Xue Hu is strong, and Snowy Mountain blessed land is heavily guarded, it cannot conceal his greatest weakness.”


 Someone asked: “Oh? What weakness?”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness looked around as she said: “Fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan had no interest in dealing with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, when the immortal zombies were discussing about schemes excitedly, he was thinking about how to get to the treasure deep inside Earth Trench.


 After an exchange of words, Blazing Heaven Demoness regained control as the first in command.


 The immortal zombies planned and arranged their roles. Blazing Heaven Demoness did not let Fang Yuan go with them, she gave him one mission only, that was to continue refining star thought Immortal Gu.


 She even gave Fang Yuan a token, it provided him the highest representation of her authority.


 With this token, Fang Yuan could freely enter or exit Dark Flow Giant City, as well as the resource points that were controlled by Northern Plains Zombie Alliance. He could even enter the storage and use the precious immortal materials that were accumulated inside.


 As long as they were used to refine Immortal Gu, he just had to register what he took.


 The terms were relaxed and in his favor, Fang Yuan could not help but be surprised by this.


 “Does Blazing Heaven Demoness still want to take down Yu Lu blessed land? That is not possible. Not mentioning how long it would take to solve this issue with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, now that Shark Demon and Su Bai Man have started invading it again, they are sure to make use of their time and invite wisdom path Gu Immortals to help regardless of the cost.”


 “But once I have star thought Immortal Gu, together with my wisdom path attainment level, I can deduce many things. Maybe Blazing Heaven Demoness wants to make use of my ability in this regard to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu?”



***
Chapter 930 - Creating a Chance to Enter Earth Trench


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 There was a loud sound, but the power of the explosion, on the contrary, was not big.


 The endless starlight flickered leisurely in the secret room, like fluttering butterflies.


 Looking at such a beautiful scene, Fang Yuan’s expression was very unsightly.


 “Failed again. This time, the refinement of star thought Immortal Gu did not even progress to one-third...” Fang Yuan exhaled and waved his sleeve, immediately, everything was cleared, the starlight disappeared without a trace and the large secret room once again recovered its tranquility.


 This was a secret room in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance.


 Fang Yuan had obtained enough immortal materials here, thus, he made another attempt at refinement, but tasted the bitterness of failure once again.


 “Despite using immortal killer move time assist luck before refining every time, the effect is not much. In terms of Connect Luck, there are no suitable targets. Forget it, I have already showed enough efforts on the surface, now I should try to enter deep into Earth Trench and get that inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan naturally wanted to get the inheritance as soon as possible, but in many matters, haste was waste.


 If he did not refine star thought Immortal Gu and just tried to go into Earth Trench hurriedly, it would no doubt be exposing his intentions.


 It would be easily seen through, this naturally could not be allowed.


 Although Fang Yuan entered Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, the current problem was he did not have freedom and was strictly guarded by two immortal zombies.


 Fang Yuan understood that he was being monitored.


 After all, he had failed many times in refining the Immortal Gu and owed Blazing Heaven Demoness a huge amount.


 If he was not monitored and ran away, what would she do?


 Even though when they had set the agreement, Blazing Heaven Demoness had used information path methods and both sides were restricted by immortal killer moves.


 But at Blazing Heaven Demoness’ level, as the saying goes, ‘the more aged and experienced a person is, the less recklessness they have, the more knowledge they have, the more careful they are.’ Who could be certain if Fang Yuan did not have a way to break the restrictions?


 And Fang Yuan indeed did!


 His previous life’s memories gave him knowledge of many methods that could break immortal level restrictions of information path. But he did not have relevant Immortal Gu, so at present, he did not have the ability to break the restrictions.


 Moreover, he sincerely wanted to refine star thought Immortal Gu, thus he was cooperating with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 But now, his even more wanted to secretly take that inheritance.


 During these last days in Dark Flow Giant City, Fang Yuan tried refining star thought Immortal Gu to make Blazing Heaven Demoness feel at ease, while secretly gathering information and making preparations for when he made a move.


 Compared to previously, Dark Flow Giant City had already opened its city gates, resuming its dealings with the outside world. The immortal zombies’ morale gradually started rising and they were in high spirits.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness led the experts to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, using a rather intelligent strategy.


 She did not attack directly, instead exploiting Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s greatest weakness.


 What was Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s greatest weakness?


 Almost all Northern Plains Gu Immortals knew.


 That was fortune rivalling heaven Gu!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was wholeheartedly trying to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu, but he severely lacked immortal materials, even though he already had Ma Hong Yun, the main material, this concerned rank eight Immortal Gu, he needed to prepare many sets of materials and do everything to maximize the possibility of success. Thus, his requirements towards immortal materials were extremely huge.


 Those demonic path Gu Immortals of Snowy Mountain blessed land were already endlessly at work from Old Ancestor Xue Hu, they were in constant torment in order to find the materials.


 Even Old Ancestor Xue Hu let go of his status, and personally sneaked into the immortal zombie graveyard in Earth Trench, like a two-bit thief.


 This showed Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s extreme desire towards immortal materials.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness used this point to actively deploy and transfer experts to deal with those demonic path Gu Immortals of Snowy Mountain blessed land in particular, using ambushes, plots, wrecking plans and various other strategies.


 These demonic path Gu Immortals already had enough pain as it was when gathering immortal materials, now that they suffered the backlash of luck path, the immortal zombies had a high success rate every time they moved against them.


 As these attempts continued to succeed many times, Snowy Mountain blessed land’s morale unavoidably fell, while Zombie Alliance’s morale gradually rose, sweeping away the previous dejectedness.


 Fang Yuan opened the door to the secret room with an ashen expression.


 Two rank six immortal zombies were standing guard at the entrance.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, an immortal zombie called Doctor Yin Xuan immediately bowed: “Sir, you have come out. I wonder if this refinement....”


 Fang Yuan gave a grunt, waving his hand in irritation: “Don’t bother me!”


 Saying this, he walked away.


 “Hmph, who does he thinks he is, to be so arrogant in our base!” The other immortal zombie, Landlord Lei Yu’s eyes flickered with ominous light as he looked at Fang Yuan’s receding figure.


 However, Doctor Yin Xuan did not care about being ignored, brightly smiling as he followed closely behind Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan walked ahead, taking a left turn and then a right, arriving in front of a hall.


 This was the biggest immortal material warehouse in Dark Flow Giant City, and was personally watched by an immortal zombie.


 Seeing Fang Yuan as well as Doctor Yin Xuan and Landlord Lei Yu, the immortal zombie in charge familiarly nodded towards them, knowing Fang Yuan was here to get immortal materials; he handed an information path Gu worm to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan held the Gu worm, and pretended to inspect the immortal material list inside, while plotting inwardly.


 ‘Blazing Heaven Demoness, Corpse Detonation King and Pu Wan Dao have already left Dark Flow Giant City two days ago to target the demonic path Gu Immortals of Snowy Mountain blessed land, and have not returned until now. This is an opportunity, I need to take advantage of it...’


 Right at this time, the immortal zombie managing the warehouse enthusiastically spoke: “Sir Xing Xiang Zi, you can take any immortal materials you want. Leader has already informed us, and you only need to register the items. You don’t need to have any worries.”


 Who knew that right as he finished speaking, Fang Yuan stared at him with a fierce look: “What worries would I have? Why would I have any worries? I am good!”


 Fang Yuan looked like a mess with his hair and clothes in disorder, and also very agitated.


 One look at this appearance, and the managing immortal zombie knew Fang Yuan must have failed the refinement.


 This immortal zombie was dazed for a moment before thinking: ‘Serves me right, why do I have to shoot my mouth off. Whether his refinement succeeds or fails, what has it got to do with me?’


 At once, he kept quiet to prevent any further issues.


 However, Fang Yuan was not willing to let go.


 He crushed the information path Gu worm, and walked away with his head low and hands behind his back.


 He was grumbling: “Damn it, why is it still not working, why is it always a failure! I have already failed four times, why is it like this, why...”


 Doctor Yin Xuan and Landlord Lei Yu looked at each other, and both sensibly stayed away from Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan, however, became more restless and started swearing while clenching his fists, his words were extremely vulgar and occasionally, he mumbled incomprehensible words.


 Doctor Yin Xuan tried his best to differentiate them but he could only make out some fragmented contents.


 “Do I really have to use that method?”


 “No, the price is too high...”


 “Damn it, this damned Immortal Gu, why am I not succeeding?!”


 Fang Yuan revealed hesitation, seemingly having to make an extremely difficult decision.


 His eyes were very red, giving the impression of a gambler who had already lost most of his assets but decided to go all in to win back the losses.


 “Screw it, I will stake it all!”


 “This time, it will definitely succeed, definitely.”


 “Right, it will succeed!”


 The three immortal zombies watched on indifferently, and as they looked on at Fang Yuan’s restlessness, the disdain and hate in their heart disappeared slightly, replaced by a trace of pity.


 Many Gu Immortals had faced such a situation.


 To refine an Immortal Gu, they paid a huge price, but they end up making no gains and might even lose all their wealth.


 It was like stepping on a road of no return, looking at the dozens of years of accumulation and even hundreds of years of resources go to waste, it was unavoidable for them to become irrational and chase after success, unable to turn back, walking further and further on the road of failure.


 Fang Yuan suddenly stopped and turned around, looking at Doctor Yin Xuan and Landlord Lei Yu.


 “I have decided, you two pack up and follow me into Earth Trench!”


 Fang Yuan’s words gave a huge shock to the three immortal zombies.


 “Entering Earth Trench?” Doctor Yin Xuan’s expression changed.


 Earth Trench was a dangerous place with ferocious beasts roaming around and perilous terrain, who knew how many lives have been buried there.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had ordered them to monitor Fang Yuan, naturally it also meant they had to guard him. Hearing Fang Yuan suddenly speak of entering Earth Trench, how could Doctor Yin Xuan agree?


 Landlord Lei Yu also did not agree, saying firmly: “We will gather any immortal materials you require, sir, you don’t need to take the risk.”


 “What do you understand, huh?” Fang Yuan raised his voice, his gaze revealing an arrogant look.


 “Both of us have received leader’s command to ensure your safety, sir. Sir, if you enter Earth Trench and something happens, how can we explain it to leader? Please don’t make it difficult for us.” Doctor Yin Xuan gave a bitter smile, requesting earnestly.


 Why would Fang Yuan care about his sincerity, he raised his arm and roared: “What does your difficulty have to do with me? I only care about refining Gu, I only know I need earth shell snail star night mucus!”


 “Earth shell snail star night mucus? Sir, please hold on, I will check.” Doctor Yin Xuan immediately said.


 He also had information path Gu worms on him which contained the records of most of the immortal materials in Zombie Alliance.


 Soon, Doctor Yin Xuan showed a joyous look as he retracted his consciousness: “Earth shell snail mucus is the fluid left behind by the desolate beast earth shell snail as it slowly crawls on the ground. We have it, we have it. Currently, in warehouse number six, there are two to three in stock, will they be enough? If they are not, we will immediately issue a task and summon immortal zombies to gather them.”


 Fang Yuan bellowed furiously, scolding while pointing at Doctor Yin Xuan’s nose: “Have you become deaf or is there a hole in your brain? Didn’t you hear what I said?! Earth shell snail star night mucus. Star. Night. Mucus! Not ordinary mucus, do you understand?!”


 He then hurriedly continued: “Earth shell snail mucus needs to be sealed and stored within ten breaths of time, otherwise the fluid will dry up and lose its effect. Star night mucus is produced by using my special methods to process the ordinary mucus on the spot! The processing requires seven breaths of time, and even if the processing is complete and star night mucus is produced, its sealing process is complicated and needs to be finished within three breaths. So I need to enter Earth Trench, can you do it without me? If you can do it, I will eat my hat!”


 “Uh...” For a moment, Doctor Yin Xuan and the others choked on their words, unable to retort to Fang Yuan’s scolding.



***
Chapter 931 - Finally Entering Earth Trench


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Earth shell snails lived in the depths of Earth Trench, or rather, they could only live there.


 According to what Fang Yuan said, to collect the star night mucus, he would need to enter deep into Earth Trench and find an earth shell snail, trailing behind it as the snail moves, processing the mucus on the spot.


 After processing it, he had to collect the star night mucus in a very short amount of time.


 There was great difficulty in this, and it was very dangerous.


 Earth shell snails had mild temperaments, it was not hard to get near them, one could even stand on their backs and attack them lightly, this desolate beast would not get angry.


 The danger came from the fact that Earth Trench did not only contain earth shell snails.


 The deeper one went into Earth Trench, the more fierce beasts, mysterious plants and wild Gu worms would show up.


 Earth Trench was unfathomably deep, the place where the earth shell snails lived was a huge distance from the surface. Around the earth shell snail, there were many powerful beasts that formed into groups of desolate beasts, even ancient desolate beasts were not rare.


 These fierce beasts and plants were the biggest threat.


 “I definitely have to go into Earth Trench. Since Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness wants you two to protect me, then I will rely on you. Even if you die, I must live, do you understand?” Fang Yuan ordered them in a matter-of-fact tone.


 Landlord Lei Yu and Doctor Yin Xuan gritted their teeth in anger, but they could do nothing to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used Blazing Heaven Demoness’ name, these two immortal zombies had no choice.


 The two discussed for a while before Doctor Yin Xuan said with a gloomy face to Fang Yuan: “This is very important, I have to report to Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness first, we cannot decide this ourselves!”


 In the end, the key obstacle was still Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 But this was something Fang Yuan had expected.


 Thus, he waved his sleeves, urging them: “Then go!”


 He was not afraid of Blazing Heaven Demoness’ investigation.


 The truth was, star night mucus was a real thing.


 This was one of the gains that Fang Yuan had recently when modifying the star thought Immortal Gu recipe.


 Star night mucus was a personal innovation by Fang Yuan, it had a lot of potential and had a variety of uses. Not only could it be used for star thought Immortal Gu, it could also be used for the refinement of other star path Immortal Gu, it was an easy to gather rank six immortal material that also had a lot of use.


 “If I can find a suitable habitat for earth shell snails, I can make use of it to produce star night mucus continuously. This immortal material would be a monopoly if I sold it in treasure yellow heaven, I can definitely sell it for a good price. In the short run, its value and profit would rival guts Gu.”


 Fang Yuan evaluated.


 But in the long run, the star night mucus’ method of production would be deciphered by others, they would even mimic him.


 After all, processing immortal materials was not like producing guts Gu, in the hands of refinement path and wisdom path Gu Immortals, it could be easily deciphered. He could not keep a monopoly for long.


 Doctor Yin Xuan stayed and accompanied Fang Yuan. The unlucky fellow, Landlord Lei Yu, carried a sense of heaviness and uneasiness as he went to a certain Gu formation in Dark Flow Giant City, using an information path Gu formation to transmit the information to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Fang Yuan was not worried that Blazing Heaven Demoness would stop him.


 In fact, Fang Yuan was rather confident that she would agree to it.


 After all, refining star thought Immortal Gu would be of great help to Blazing Heaven Demoness as well. Fang Yuan still owed her a huge debt, if she did not want him to die, she might even send other immortal zombies to protect him.


 Of course, there would not be many immortal zombies protecting him.


 Right now, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s attention was on the demonic path Gu Immortals of Snowy Mountain blessed land, to assault them and prevent them from obtaining Gu refinement immortal materials, so that Old Ancestor Xue Hu would suffer.


 “If Blazing Heaven Demoness really did that, it would be in my favor. Entering deep into Earth Trench, the more people there are, the safer it is. By the time I get to the inheritance, I can shrug them off. If there are few people, I can shrug them off more easily.”


 As Fang Yuan had expected, in the end, Blazing Heaven Demoness agreed with his idea and arranged for five immortal zombies to accompany him.


 Among them, two were rank seven, and three were rank six. This was slightly beyond Fang Yuan’s expectations, he could see Blazing Heaven Demoness’ sincerity from this.


 Three days later, the five immortal zombies gathered.


 They waited for two more days, as the immortal zombies borrowed some Immortal Gu for this mission.


 As the locals, no one was more familiar with Earth Trench than them.


 After making ample preparations, the group set off.


 What was worth noting was, not only did Northern Plains have an Earth Trench, in fact, the five regions all had an Earth Trench.


 The ground was split open into giant ravines, some Earth Trenches stretched on for millions of li, some were tens of thousand of kilometers deep, some were immeasurably deep, in the Gu Master world, it was one of the most magnificent wonders of nature.


 The Earth Trench in Zombie Alliance was closely guarded by them. When Blazing Heaven Demoness was not in Northern Plains, Yin Liu Gong, Dragon Commander Ye Cha, and Huang Quan Weng, the three rank seven immortal zombies, would send at least one person to guard the entrance of Earth Trench.


 Earth Trench was full of resources, there were many desolate beasts, in the past, when Dark Flow Giant City was built here, it was to occupy this rich resource point.


 Everyone knew that Northern Plains has the least amount of cultivation resources compared to the other four regions. But in Earth Trench, there was a huge area of rich resources. The only drawback was, there were powerful desolate plants and desolate beasts inside, they were numerous.


 Normally, only super forces could occupy the Earth Trench resource point.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was like this, the Demon Expelling Sect in Central Continent was the same. Demon Expelling Sect was a super force, having three Gu Immortals standing guard in it, it controlled the Earth Trench known as An Zu Earth Trench, it was very famous in Central Continent.


 By night time, Fang Yuan and the others went through the entrance of Earth Trench.


 Fang Yuan had planned for a long time, he was not going to sneak in stealthily. He was surrounded by five immortal zombies, he was going in boldly and openly.


 The giant trench was like a giant beast with a bloodthirsty mouth, it slowly opened its mouth in the deep darkness.


 Fang Yuan and the others went inside, as their view of the trench gradually enlarged, dozens of times, hundreds of times.


 After they flew down for several minutes, the interior of the Earth Trench was already wide enough to fit seventy or eighty Dark Flow Giant Cities.


 The eerie darkness shined with twinkling glimmers of light.


 The cliffs on the two sides were smooth and bare, there was only a sparse amount of needle shaped plants that were stuck there like sesame seeds.


 Nobody knew how deep this Earth Trench was.


 Even the immortal zombies who were in control of this place for many years had never explored to the bottom of the Earth Trench.


 Even though the Earth Trench was full of resources, there was also an unbelievable number of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. Northern Plains Zombie Alliance did not have the strength, even though they exerted all their efforts, they only controlled the territory up to about one hundred and sixty kilometers from the surface.


 In this current world, even though humans had been the overlords for a long time, they were not able to gain control over every area in nature.


 Compared to the majesty of nature, humans were very insignificant and small.


 The profound mysteries of heaven and earth were endless, they were deeply hidden. Even Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables were merely at the peaks of one or two paths, being able to observe the rules of the world.


 Humans were far from understanding the mysteries of heaven and earth, there was a long road ahead of them.


 As the group moved deeper, Earth Trench became wider and it showed just how small Fang Yuan and the rest were.


 Here, they were already around a hundred kilometers from the surface. Mountains could not fill up this Earth Trench, it was shrouded in boundless darkness, devouring everything.


 Everyone was very quiet.


 Fang Yuan looked around without making a sound, he observed the immortal zombies secretly using his peripheral vision.


 Five immortal zombie guards, two rank seven, three rank six.


 Among them, the rank seven immortal zombies were Dragon Commander Ye Cha and Granny Yuan.


 Among the three rank sixes, there was Doctor Yin Xuan and Landlord Lei Yu, as well as an enslavement path immortal zombie, called Lin Da Niao.


 In the last five days, Fang Yuan had obtained some of their information, he was not clueless about them.


 Among the two rank seven immortal zombies, the leader was Dragon Commander Ye Cha.


 He was one of the three vice-leaders of Dark Flow Giant City, and also the strongest person in this trip. What was worth mentioning was that he used his own immortal aperture to raise large numbers of yaksha octopuses, gaining a reputation because of them.


 Immortal zombies had dead apertures, but Dragon Commander Ye Cha was able to raise large amounts of yaksha octopuses, this was something others found puzzling, and many immortal zombies were curious.


 The other rank seven immortal zombie was Granny Yuan, skilled in defense.


 Doctor Yin Xuan, as his title suggested, was a healing Gu Immortal. He could not compare to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but in regards to healing immortal zombies, he had quite the skill.


 Landlord Lei Yu was skilled in attacking, his attacks were grand and powerful.


 The final person, the immortal zombie Lin Da Niao, he was skilled in controlling birds, he was an enslavement path immortal zombie.


 From this, one could see that Blazing Heaven Demoness had put in some effort in arranging these people to protect Fang Yuan.


 Granny Yuan could provide him defense, while Doctor Yin Xuan could help Fang Yuan recover from injuries at a crucial moment, saving his life. If they were attacked by desolate beasts and were unable to win, Lin Da Niao could sacrifice the bird groups that he had, providing enough time to allow the immortals to make an escape.


 The deeper they went, the wider Earth Trench became.


 There was a lot of space between the two cliffs on the sides, birds could move very freely here.


 At this moment, birds were flying out of Lin Da Niao’s immortal aperture, flying around the place.


 Enslavement path had its conveniences, ever since they entered Earth Trench, Lin Da Niao was in charge of the investigation aspect.


 “The inheritance is that way, but I cannot go there directly, it would seem like I have an objective and they would be suspicious.” Fang Yuan did not do anything suspicious, he was very patient.


 After some traveling, Lin Da Niao suddenly said: “There is a yaksha octopus in front and towards the left, it is injured.”


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s expression did not change: “Ignore it, we will detour around it.”


 Fang Yuan’s group of six was very powerful, a rank six yaksha octopus was surely inferior to them.


 But this trip was to find earth shell snails and gather immortal materials, that was their objective.


 By that point, they were sure to go through many battles, they should save their immortal essence for now.


 Earth shell snails lived deep in Earth Trench, they moved very slowly and did not have fixed locations, they were very hard to trace.


 The stronger the beast, the more they would have a sense of territory.


 In an extremely deep part of Earth Trench, all sorts of fierce beasts and plants owned their respective territories.


 But earth shell snails were a rare species that could move between territories without attracting the animosity of the desolate beasts.


 Maybe it was because of the earth shell snail’s gentle nature, it let the other strong living beings know that it was harmless.


 But Fang Yuan and the others would not receive treatment like the earth shell snail.


 Thus, there were bound to be battles.



***
Chapter 932 - Yaksha Octopuses, Mouth Earthworm


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Without speaking, Fang Yuan and the other immortal zombies had already traveled more than a hundred and thirty kilometers down into Earth Trench.


 Even though they avoided battles, they still engaged in sixteen fights, both big and small.


 The immortal zombies were more or less injured to an extent.


 “We can’t go any deeper.” Dragon Commander Ye Cha said: “At this depth, we are already at the range of the earth shell snail’s habitat, let’s look around.”


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance only managed to explore one hundred and sixty kilometers into Earth Trench.


 Right now, they were still around thirty kilometers from that limit, but the lower they went, the more dangerous it became, desolate beasts were everywhere, and Fang Yuan’s group would face even more difficulties than now.


 No immortal zombie objected to Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s suggestion.


 After choosing a direction, everyone flew quietly.


 Maybe it was because Fang Yuan had used time assist luck before this trip and raised his luck for a period of time. But in any case, not long after, he encountered an earth shell snail.


 “Great.” Fang Yuan showed an overjoyed expression.


 “Don’t be anxious, check the surroundings first, make sure there are no dangers lurking around.” Dragon Commander Ye Cha was very patient.


 The immortals used their methods to thoroughly investigate, in this area, there was a sizable group of yaksha octopuses guarding their territory.


 “To process the snail mucus, I will need to use starlight, it will definitely alert these yaksha octopuses.” Fang Yuan showed a difficult expression as he looked at Dragon Commander Ye Cha.


 Everyone’s expressions sank.


 “Why didn’t you say that earlier?” Landlord Lei Yu asked unhappily.


 “Maybe there is a way to conceal this disturbance...” Doctor Yin Xuan said.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “That is not possible, I also want to conceal our disturbance, but that is beyond my ability. I cannot reveal my actual method, but in short, we should get rid of these yaksha octopuses first.”


 Fang Yuan’s attitude was firm and his reason was valid.


 The other immortal zombies looked at each other, in the end, Dragon Commander Ye Cha relented: “Then we will fight this group of yaksha octopuses before Xing Xiang Zi starts.”


 This time, Dragon Commander Ye Cha did the scouting personally.


 There were eight desolate beast octopuses in this group, among them was an octopus king, having rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength.


 “Lin Da Niao will be in charge of the surroundings, mobilizing the bird groups to encircle the octopus group.”


 “Granny Yuan will draw their attention and distract them.”


 “Landlord Lei Yu and I will attack these octopuses.”


 “As for Doctor Yin Xuan, you will stand guard outside in case of emergencies.”


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha quickly arranged matters, Fang Yuan did not have to do anything.


 The yaksha octopuses were truly unfortunate, the immortal zombies stealthily approached them, scheming against this unknowing group. Thus, once they fought, the yaksha octopus group suffered a huge blow and fell into panic.


 The immortal zombies quickly gained an advantage as they built upon their superiority.


 Soon, the battle reached its end as the octopuses were killed, only two were left.


 At this time, Dragon Commander Ye Cha said to Fang Yuan: “Xing Xiang Zi, go ahead and attack.”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, he slowly went into battle.


 Immortal killer move — Star Snake Rope.


 He first trapped the yaksha octopus that was in better condition, before using six illusion star bodies to encircle the other one.


 Swish swish swish...


 Starlight shone brightly, Fang Yuan attacked non-stop, he quickly killed this yaksha octopus which was already close to dying.


 Next, he turned around and targeted the final one remaining.


 The yaksha octopus was half man and half beast. Its upper body was a muscular man with bulging muscles and dark skin that was tough as steel. Its lower body was made of dozens of tentacles, in place of legs.


 This final yaksha octopus was in a good condition, it fought valiantly, engaging in a fierce battle with Fang Yuan, as it slowly fell into a deadlock with him.


 Fang Yuan used star cloud grindstone to defend himself while waiting for a chance to attack time and time again, until he finally cut off all of the yaksha octopus’ tentacles.


 When he was fighting, the other immortal zombies watched without doing anything.


 At most, Lin Da Niao manipulated the bird groups to prevent the yaksha octopus which was trying to escape from leaving, allowing Fang Yuan to catch up and continue fighting it.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of patience, he slowly injured the yaksha octopus, dark and cold blood flowed out from its injuries.


 “Alright, you can stop.” Eventually, Dragon Commander Ye Cha did not want to wait anymore, he personally struck and captured this yaksha octopus himself.


 The first few were all killed because they could not afford to go easy on the group initially.


 This octopus was captured by Dragon Commander Ye Cha, he was preparing to raise it inside his immortal aperture.


 Now, all the immortal zombies understood Fang Yuan’s battle strength.


 Fang Yuan only showed his star path battle strength, but even so, he was an expert among rank sixes. Landlord Lei Yu, who was unhappy towards Fang Yuan became silent.


 He estimated that if he fought Fang Yuan alone, he might not be able to win.


 In the Gu Immortal world, strength ruled above all, even if Landlord Lei Yu was unhappy, he could not show it on the surface.


 Next, Fang Yuan started collecting star night mucus.


 He requested the immortal zombies to stay back and not use any investigative methods to steal his personal technique.


 The immortal zombies were naturally unhappy, they scolded Fang Yuan internally for being so small-minded, but they had to agree to his request.


 When processing the mucus, the starlight caused quite a disturbance.


 Soon, the earth shell snail stopped moving, its entire body curled into its shell.


 The moment it sensed danger, the earth shell snail would react like this.


 Its shell was very thick, even though it was only a desolate beast, most rank six Gu Immortals could do nothing to it. Even rank seven Gu Immortals would need to exert a lot of effort to break its shell.


 Furthermore, the earth shell snail was large like a whale, and heavy like a mountain, once it entered its shell, it could be for a year or two. If there was a huge commotion outside, it would stay inside for even longer.


 If it was moved away from the habitat of earth shell snails, even if it was still in Earth Trench, even if it was outside of it by a few kilometers, the earth shell snail would die immediately.


 Thus, the immortal zombies could only give up on this one and find others.


 In Earth Trench, there were more than yaksha octopuses.


 There were bat desolate beasts, wall climbing demon apes, and desolate plants like earth milk grass.


 On their later journey, they met with three earth shell snails.


 Among which, Fang Yuan made good use of two of them and collected a lot of star night mucus. The final one however, moved towards the territory of an ancient desolate beast red flame snake.


 This monster had dark path, fire path, and earth path dao marks on it, it was hard to deal with and was an expert in digging holes, it could move quickly between the walls of Earth Trench.


 Once they fought, the commotion would be unconcealable, thus, Fang Yuan and the others had to give up.


 Under Fang Yuan’s intentional guidance, the immortal zombies got closer to his destination.


 “We’ve discovered a large number of yaksha octopuses ahead! Stop moving forward, there are a lot of them, the initial estimation is thirty!” Lin Da Niao suddenly reported anxiously.


 “Then we will leave this place and go in another direction.” Dragon Commander Ye Cha immediately ordered.


 Thirty desolate beasts, that was the battle strength of thirty rank six Gu Immortals. Such a massive group would surely have at least three ancient desolate beast yaksha octopuses commanding it.


 Even though Fang Yuan was unwilling, he could not object to it publicly, he could only memorize this place for now.


 The immortal zombies took a detour towards the south-east direction.


 Soon, they found a fourth earth shell snail.


 This snail looked quite old, it was carrying a yellow shell, its white body moved slowly on the walls of Earth Trench, at an extremely slow pace.


 “We’re finally lucky.” After investigating, Lin Da Niao laughed: “This area has little danger, Sir Xing Xiang Zi can go ahead and collect the mucus.”


 Fang Yuan nodded without speaking, observing intently.


 Suddenly, his eyes shined, he saw the danger in this place.


 This place seemed safe, but it was full of earth path dao marks, once someone got close, they would be pulled towards the wall.


 The heavier the body, the stronger the force of attraction.


 “Desolate beasts have huge bodies and incredible mass. Once they come here, they would be unable to move and would starve to death. The earth shell snail is heavy like a mountain, but this earth shell snail can still move slowly. It seems that this snail is not old, it is an ancient desolate beast earth shell snail!”


 Realizing this, Fang Yuan had an idea.


 He flew over, purposely acting like he was sucked over, as he screamed.


 “Oh no, it is the gravity soil zone!”


 “This should only appear after a hundred and sixty kilometers in depth, it is actually here as well.”


 “Be careful! This gravity soil zone often has mouth earthworms hidden in ambush!”


 At once, the immortal zombies shouted in shock.


 The closer he was to the gravity soil zone, the more Fang Yuan felt the suction force getting stronger and his speed increased.’


 With a loud thud, Fang Yuan crashed into the wall, his legs were deeply stuck in the wall as he showed a terrified expression.


 Immortal killer move — Star Fire Escape!


 Fang Yuan used his movement killer move.


 Immediately, his body was covered in star fire as he flew.


 “Don’t fly!” Dragon Commander Ye Cha roared.


 But it was too late.


 With a loud bang, a huge mouth earthworm emerged from the soil.


 The earth shell snail immediately shrunk into its shell, turning motionless.


 Huge amounts of rocks were pushed away, the mouth earthworm opened its mouth, it could swallow four or five earth shell snails at once.


 Fang Yuan screamed: “Someone save me!”


 Once he said that, the mouth earthworm swallowed him.


 “Be careful! The mouth earthworm is full of sharp teeth, they are incomparably sharp!”


 “Hang in there, we will definitely rescue you!!”


 The immortal zombies were panicking, they moved at once.


 If anything happened to Fang Yuan, how would they explain themselves to Blazing Heaven Demoness?


 They attacked fiercely, forcing the mouth earthworm back into the gravity soil zone immediately.


 This mystical ancient desolate beast had a huge body when hunting for food. Once it ate, its body would shrink rapidly like a leaking balloon. The teeth inside it would rotate endlessly, grinding its prey into meat paste and blood.


 But once Fang Yuan went inside, he used a star path killer move and stopped the body from shrinking.


 Next, he activated Fixed Immortal Travel.


 He had memorized the place nearby earlier, in three breaths of time, Fixed Immortal Travel teleported him away and he escaped from this dangerous spot.


 But Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the others still thought that Fang Yuan was inside the mouth earthworm, they were attacking it furiously.


 Even though Fang Yuan got away from the immortal zombies, the disturbance from Fixed Immortal Travel had attracted the huge group of yaksha octopuses.


 Fang Yuan smiled, turning into a yaksha octopus and attacking furiously.


 A moment later, he successfully lured the angry yaksha octopuses towards Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the others.


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the others were unable to discern Fang Yuan’s transformation, they thought the yaksha octopuses were fighting among themselves and were chasing away the weakest members.


 They sighed over their bad luck but because Xing Xiang Zi was still inside the mouth earthworm, they could not leave.


 Thus, the yaksha octopuses, the Northern Plains immortal zombies, and the mouth earthworm engaged in a chaotic battle.



***
Chapter 933 - Wild Immortal Gu, Traces of Gu Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the chaotic battle, Fang Yuan managed to escape.


 When he returned to the place where the yaksha octopuses were, about half of them were still left.


 He tried the same thing again, luring the remaining yaksha octopuses away.


 “Oh no! Another ancient yaksha octopus, and ten desolate beast octopuses. They seemed to have moved out together!” Dragon Commander Ye Cha was stuck in the chaotic battle, seeing the octopus reinforcements, he cried out in bitterness.


 What grudges did they have, what vengeance was it?


 The other immortal zombies also bemoaned their terrible luck, what was going on?!


 But they had other choice than to save Xing Xiang Zi first.


 “Hold on!” Dragon Commander Ye Cha shouted, he did not stint on his immortal essence, he used them extensively.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had immense authority, the immortal zombies did not dare to defy her orders, they could only endure in the chaotic battle.


 Thankfully, this mouth earthworm did not hide in the gravity soil zone, it was in a frenzy and its huge body lashed around, creating powerful sonic booms.


 The immortal zombie did not dare to take the hits, they could only attack from afar, the damage accumulated slowly as the mouth earthworm’s skin was damaged.


 Originally, the situation was quite simple.


 Even though the mouth earthworm was an ancient desolate beast, it was not the match of Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the others.


 But with the yaksha octopus group, it became a three way battle.


 They restricted each other and fought randomly, the scene became very chaotic.


 The yaksha octopuses were the greatest in number, they encircled the immortal zombies and the mouth earthworm, forming a tight layer.


 “Xing Xiang Zi, you must survive!” Landlord Lei Yu shouted.


 Even though he was unhappy with Fang Yuan, the moment he thought that Fang Yuan could die from this, he burst out in cold sweat.


 Fang Yuan’s safety was a huge issue weighing on the immortal zombies.


 During this period, the perpetrator, Fang Yuan was secretly sneaking into the territory of the yaksha octopuses.


 Groups of yaksha octopuses lived in the two sides of the cliff walls.


 The cliff wall in front of him had a huge protrusion. This yaksha octopus group made a hole in this protrusion and made it their home.


 Fang Yuan sneaked inside, drilling into a bigger entrance.


 The entrance of the hole was very big, it was for the yaksha octopuses to enter and exit. Desolate beast level yaksha octopuses were very big, not to mention the ancient desolate beast yaksha octopus kings.


 Fang Yuan entered the hole and a thick smell of oil assailed him.


 The hole extended in front of him, he looked ahead and only saw darkness.


 But Fang Yuan’s investigative methods were very rich, this darkness could not obstruct him.


 He stretched out his hand and touched the walls.


 The surface of the hole’s walls were full of black oil, they were thick and sticky.


 Why would the dry cave have black oil?


 This was due to the yaksha octopus’ habits.


 Yaksha octopuses were a type of fierce beast that liked to hunt for prey in the black oil of Earth Trench. Therefore, their bodies would often have sticky black oil stuck to them.


 When they enter or exit the caves, the black oil would spread from their bodies to the walls of the caves.


 The oily smell that Fang Yuan smelt was due to this black oil.


 In the black oil, there were lots of weeds and needle wood, they were rooted into the walls and the black oil provided them sufficient nutrients.


 Guru guru...


 When Fang Yuan touched the black oil and wiped along it, bubbles started appearing on the sticky black oil surface on the wall.


 Next, dozens of tiny worms that were smaller than fingers flew out from the bubbles.


 They were alerted by Fang Yuan’s actions and flew out, but they quickly went back into the black oil.


 The black oil was like glue, it was very sticky and stuck to the walls tightly. Inside, there was rotting vegetation as well as large numbers of insects.


 The insects were of such a massive scale, there were bound to be wild Gu worms in them.


 Fang Yuan only gave them a glance and realized that there were at least four wild Gu worms around him. Two were earth path Gu worms, one was dark path, and one was water path.


 Of course, these were mortal Gu, Fang Yuan had no interest in taking them.


 “Dragon Commander Ye Cha is able to raise large numbers of yaksha octopuses, is his immortal aperture mimicking this environment?” Fang Yuan’s mind wandered as he thought about this.


 Fang Yuan was also very curious about Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s cultivation secret.


 Since an immortal zombie’s immortal aperture was dead and filled with death energy, it could not be used to support living beings.


 How did Dragon Commander Ye Cha do it?


 Perhaps it was possible to learn the secrets of Dragon Commander Ye Cha by researching this environment, but now was not the time, Fang Yuan discarded these thoughts and moved on.


 Several minutes later.


 Howl——!


 This was the final growl before the fierce beast died.


 But this growl was only heard in a small area before it vanished.


 The killer was Fang Yuan.


 He used his Gu worms to prevent the sound from spreading.


 This was deep into the yaksha octopus’ cave, not only was the black oil seven to eight inches thick, some fierce beasts were even living here in the crevices.


 These wild beasts mostly consisted of black stomach hounds.


 Black stomach hounds ate rotting meat and bones. The yaksha octopus only consumed the fresh blood and meat of their prey, they did not eat the bones and rotting meat.


 These black stomach hounds would eat the leftovers from the yaksha octopuses, the yaksha octopuses were happy with this, they had a free cleaner to tidy up the cave.


 This was one of the wonders of nature, living beings could coexist in harmony.


 When Fang Yuan found out the relationship between the black stomach hounds and the yaksha octopuses, he turned into a black stomach hound and ventured in.


 It was a pity that these black stomach hounds divided their own territories and had a stronger territorial awareness than the yaksha octopuses.


 Fang Yuan was fiercely attacked by the black stomach hounds, it would have been easier to just fight in his human form.


 If this cave was divided into two, the upper half and the lower half, then Fang Yuan’s current position was already in the lower half, past the upper half.


 Even so, the clues to the inheritance had not appeared yet.


 At every interval, there would be a fork in the path. All of the yaksha octopuses went to their homes through these paths, they were interconnected. In the ground, these countless holes formed widely connected and accessible paths.


 Fang Yuan continued moving forward.


 He found some yaksha octopuses that were guarding the cave.


 These octopuses were only desolate beasts, Fang Yuan could take them down if he used his real battle strength.


 But Fang Yuan got past them, he did not want to waste time in fighting with them.


 He could use mortal Gu to conceal the traces when killing the black stomach hounds. But when dealing with desolate beasts, he needed a battlefield killer move to conceal the traces and commotion.


 He lured most of the yaksha octopuses out.


 But there was still an ancient yaksha octopus king, and numerous desolate beast yaksha octopuses.


 If the yaksha octopus king was alerted, it would be terrible.


 Time continued to pass, but he still found no clues, Fang Yuan was getting more anxious.


 If he missed this chance, he would have to plan a lot for the next visit.


 Even though he had Fixed Immortal Travel, he could not use it in Dark Flow Giant City blatantly. The activation of Fixed Immortal Travel caused quite a disturbance after all.


 Within the investigative range of Gu Immortals, it was not just some light effects, the aura of Immortal Gu was like a fire burning in the night sky.


 And at this time, Fang Yuan had to refine Gu in Dark Flow Giant City, Blazing Heaven Demoness would not let him leave her sights.


 Fixed Immortal Travel could not be exposed.


 Once it was exposed, many secrets would be exposed, the whole world would know that Fang Yuan was the person who toppled Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Fang Yuan did not know that the Central Continent Gu Immortals had already left by now.


 “If there is no other way, I can only give up. Time is limited, once the battle ends and the mouth earthworm is dissected, if Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the others do not find me inside, I will not be able to explain it.”


 Fang Yuan evaluated.


 Time was limited. He had about fifteen minutes.


 Now, most of the time was already wasted, but he had no gains.


 Fang Yuan had to use his time well, he raised his speed.


 Eventually, he came to the deepest part of the cave.


 Here, there was a yaksha octopus king resting.


 Its snores were loud as thunder — evidently, it was sleeping.


 “Immortal Gu aura!” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 He felt the aura of a wild Immortal Gu in this yaksha octopus king.


 As it turned out, this cave had existed for a long time, and this yaksha octopus king was the oldest. As a long time passed, among the Gu worms living in its body, one had emerged as a wild Immortal Gu.


 The joy in his heart vanished as Fang Yuan felt glad.


 Thankfully, he had not lured out this yaksha octopus king earlier.


 If this yaksha octopus king appeared, the immortal zombies would definitely go crazy and try to capture the wild Immortal Gu, they would enter a frenzy.


 But after finding this Immortal Gu, whether they succeeded or not, they would come to the cave and investigate.


 “Perhaps this is how the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance found this inheritance in my previous life?” Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration.


 After hesitating, Fang Yuan decided to take a gamble.


 He turned into a black stomach hound and carefully got close to the yaksha octopus king.


 If this yaksha octopus king’s wild Immortal Gu could expose Fang Yuan’s identity, that would be trouble.


 But this possibility was not big.


 Fang Yuan decided to risk it.


 “The cave is huge with many tunnels, but this is the deepest part of the cave, it is most likely to be here.”


 At this time, the yaksha octopus king’s tentacles which were wrapped up loosened, it opened its eyes as its topaz-like pupils looked at Fang Yuan who has transformed into the black stomach hound.


 Fang Yuan did not sense anything, he got past the yaksha octopus king and went behind it as if it was normal.


 Behind the yaksha octopus king, there was a pile of white bones, there were some rotting meat left in them.


 The octopus king shut its eyes, continuing to sleep.


 Fang Yuan’s mind was energized: “It is here! There are dao marks exposed here, these are traces of a Gu formation...”


 Countless Gu worms in his immortal aperture were activated, immortal essence was expended rapidly as this Gu formation was unraveled.


 Soon, Fang Yuan found that this space path giant Gu formation only showed a trace of a flaw because it had not been repaired for a long time.


 “Very possibly, the treasure that I have been looking for is in this giant Gu formation. But to unravel this Gu formation, I have to activate Gu worms, the disturbance is huge. I can only take a risk...”


 Fang Yuan made up his mind, he picked up a piece of bone and left the yaksha octopus king.


 He quickly returned and when he reached a certain place, he used his Immortal Gu and directly attacked a close by desolate beast yaksha octopus.


 The intense battle erupted as the yaksha octopuses that were defending their homes charged over.


 Fang Yuan fought as he retreated, when he reached the exit, he activated Fixed Immortal Travel.


 In three breaths of time, he teleported to the deepest area of the cave.


 At this time, the yaksha octopus king was still at the exit of the cave, Fang Yuan fought against time as he unraveled this space path Gu formation.


 After the yaksha octopuses fought for some time, they did not see any enemies and gradually calmed down, returning to the cave.


 They moved quickly in the cave, Fang Yuan’s time was limited.


 The worse thing was, when he started unraveling it, Fang Yuan could feel the profoundness and complexity of this huge Gu formation.


 To completely deduce it, he would need months to do so!



***
Chapter 934 - Sea of Immortal Material Remains


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Such an enormous Gu formation required at least several months to be unraveled.


 It would require about a month just to pry an opening.


 Fang Yuan’s hands moved very fast, countless Gu worms fluttered all around, unraveling the Gu formation. At the same time, his ears quivered frequently as he activated his investigative methods to the limit, the yaksha octopus king was already on its way.


 Time waits for no man.


 Strive for every second!


 “This is it.” Fang Yuan’s eyes suddenly brightened as the air in front of him started emitting a hazy glow.


 Beyond the hazy glow, he saw a trace of the enormous Gu formation.


 Although his sight was blurry, he could vaguely see the scenery inside the formation.


 The yaksha octopus king had already returned.


 Time was up, he had to retreat.


 In this short amount of time, being able to peep into the scenery inside the Gu formation was already the limits of Fang Yuan’s ability.


 If Fang Yuan did not reach grandmaster level in wisdom path, he would not have been able to do this.


 This was enough.


 Fang Yuan relaxed, and immediately retreated.


 The ancient desolate beast yaksha octopus king was moving like an underground subway train in the cave. The surrounding slippery black oil from Earth Trench allowed it to move like a fish in water.


 Fang Yuan had almost bumped into it.


 This yaksha octopus king returned to its place, and gazed around first of all.


 It felt there was something off.


 When Fang Yuan analyzed the Gu formation, many different kinds of auras were left behind, the wild beast’s intuition made the yaksha octopus king feel something wrong.


 It frowned deeply, and more than ten of its enormous and tough tentacles carried it nimbly as it patrolled around the nest.


 However, it could not discover anything missing even after a while, while the previous unknown auras already had begun dissipating. The yaksha octopus king only then slowly calmed down, lying down on its nest again.


 It was just that it did not sleep, its eyes were slightly closed but a small crack was opened.


 From time to time, its ears would quiver from the slightest breeze in the cave as it tried to listen to any unknown sounds.


 Fang Yuan’s worries finally dissipated, he cautiously retreated, even retreating to the upper half of the octopus nest.


 This yaksha octopus king seemed to have the highest status as it had stayed behind to guard the nest. If it felt any strong danger, who is to say it might not call back the other yaksha octopuses fighting outside.


 At that time, not to mention whether the Northern Plains immortal zombies would feel suspicious and be attracted to the disturbance, Fang Yuan’s movements in the octopus nest would be extremely restricted.


 “This place should be okay.” After a while, Fang Yuan carefully selected an inconspicuous corner among the several underground burrows.


 He hesitated for a moment, but still decided to activate Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Although that enormous Gu formation was arranged by some predecessor, when Fang Yuan deciphered it earlier, he found out that it had become an unmanned formation and had been unmanaged for many years. The risk of rashly going in was not high.


 To find a method of reviving from the immortal zombie state, this was a risk he needed to take.


 After all, as time passed, Fang Yuan’s predicament would become more dangerous.


 Who could say if the matter of him wrecking Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would be exposed at the next moment? At that time, the whole world would hunt him down. He would definitely not be able to protect Hu Immortal blessed land, and Star Form blessed land would be his only base.


 In such a situation, the earlier he got rid of his immortal zombie body, the more beneficial it would be. After all, a living immortal aperture world could be brought with him, more safe and convenient than Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land.


 Moreover, living Gu Immortal immortal apertures could produce immortal essence in set intervals of time, which was extremely helpful to Fang Yuan’s financial situation and battle strength!


 The Immortal Gu was activated, green light blossomed.


 The next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared from his place, appearing inside the giant Gu formation.


 Just outside the Gu formation was the yaksha octopus king. But because of the isolation effect of the Gu formation, it was unaware of anything.


 “I am finally in here.” Fang Yuan was extremely vigilant, he quickly looked around him, this was indeed the place which he had inspected earlier.


 Rashly charging into a Gu formation was very dangerous, and it was normal to be attacked by the Gu formation.


 However, Fang Yuan did not suffer any attacks, this further proved that the Gu formation was not managed by anyone.


 He exhaled a breath of relief, but was still extremely vigilant.


 Unmanned Gu formations could still function. Perhaps the core of the Gu formation had the will left behind by the Gu Immortal.


 It could be like Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, where Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had left behind his will.


 This was an giant formation using mainly space path methods, thus creating a special space.


 This huge space had a yellow sky and a ground paved with purple sand.


 The purple sand seemed to be extremely fertile, as dense amounts of vegetation covered Fang Yuan’s sight, like a tropical rainforest.


 “Scribe grass, nutrient peaches, immortal beans, blood tide flowers...” With just a brief glance, Fang Yuan could make out dozens of immortal materials.


 Even a person as stoic as him was shocked.


 Although most of these immortal materials were rank six level, along with a few of rank seven, their quantity was truly shocking.


 “These immortal materials come from five regions, and are not limited to Earth Trench and Northern Plains. What background did the great expert immortal zombie that created this place have?”


 To gather such an enormous scale of immortal materials, how much manpower and material resources would it require?


 Moreover, immortal materials were not grass growing along the sides of a road, the gathering of immortal materials often resulted in bloodshed and was tied together with fighting. If the gatherer’s strength was not up to par, they simply would not be able to get the materials.


 There was also the five regions’ regional walls.


 The stronger one was, the higher the cultivation of the Gu Immortal, the more difficult it would be for them to pass through a regional wall.


 “Could it be...” Fang Yuan’s thoughts churned as he made a guess.


 He had thought this was a great expert immortal zombie inheritance, but now it seemed such huge handiwork could not be possibly achieved by one person, it would at least require an organization.


 And this organization must be huge.


 Because a small sized organization with two or three Gu Immortals simply could not have such large assets and energy to spare!


 Looking over it again, there were countless immortal materials everywhere he looked, such a sight caused Fang Yuan’s heart to thump in excitement.


 “Such enormous wealth is simply unimaginable! It is enough for me to attempt refining Immortal Gu dozens of times, even hundreds of times! Maybe in my previous life, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was able to rise up because of these enormous cultivation resources, even suppressing Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.”


 This was almost like a warehouse, with so much immortal materials piled up.


 The total value was hard to estimate, Fang Yuan only knew this value was enormous, very enormous.


 If he had to accumulate this much with his current two thousand immortal essence stones per month earnings, he might not be able to succeed even in a thousand years.


 After all, he also had to calculate cultivation expenditures.


 As Gu Immortal’s cultivation became higher, the calamities and tribulations would become more terrifying.


 “But compared to these countless immortal materials, this enormous Gu formation has even higher value!” Fang Yuan’s eyes twinkled.


 He had a huge ambition and was very experienced, as he came back to awareness, he realized the preciousness of this enormous Gu formation!


 In this Gu formation, the countless immortal materials from the five regions were able to exist mutually without interfering with each other.


 “Fortunately, I did not rashly take down this Gu formation, otherwise it would be too late for regret. With this Gu formation, I could plant countless types of immortal materials, it is easier to use than an immortal aperture!”


 Fang Yuan could not help but praise the great expert immortal zombie that arranged this.


 An Immortal zombie’s immortal aperture was already dead, this predecessor was able to arrange such a Gu formation which replaced the use of immortal apertures to a certain extent.


 “However, this Gu formation has low defense and also can’t be moved, it is far from being convenient and safe like immortal apertures. Hmm... this purple sand seems to be rather strange.”


 Fang Yuan bent down and grabbed a large amount of purple sand.


 The sand was extremely fine. Some flowed down the gaps in Fang Yuan’s fingers and sprinkled down like fine grains of crystal. While falling down, they drifted haphazardly while emitting fluorescent light.


 “But what I want to find is the method of reviving, where is it?” Fang Yuan threw away the purple sand as he thought of his main objective.


 He was not in a hurry to gather the immortal materials, and started to gently fly around, searching the area.


 Time gradually passed, the joyous look on Fang Yuan’s face slowly disappeared as his feeling of unease intensified.


 “Something is not right!” He suddenly stopped and looked down at the endless immortal materials.


 After inspecting once more, he found what was wrong.


 “It is too peaceful. There is not a trace of wind or sound, it is more quiet than even my dead aperture.”


 “There are also many other areas that feels fishy. Like the immortal beans, they grow in spring water, but are actually growing on the purple sand here. There are also the nutrient peaches, which are usually accompanied by snake-tail monkey groups. Every type of immortal material has a harsh living environment. But here, there are only these immortal material plants, and there is not even an insect.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with cold light.


 He landed on the ground and tried to pick up a strand of scribe grass.


 The next moment, Fang Yuan’s body shook.


 When the scribe grass was on the purple sand, it was safe and sound, but the moment Fang Yuan picked it up, it withered and turned into fine purple sand.


 And the sand was the same as the purple sand below Fang Yuan’s feet!


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, and tried to pick other immortal materials.


 The result was the same, the moment the immortal materials left the sand, they turned into purple sand.


 All of these immortal materials had a problem, they were unusable!


 “Strange! Strange!! The reason immortal materials are called immortal materials is because they contain plenty of dao marks on them. When these immortal materials wither and turn into purple sand, their dao marks should have been destroyed, but there is not even a slight disturbance from this...”


 A chill emerged from the depths of Fang Yuan’s heart.


 The immortal materials were in such a state, as for an immortal zombie body which contained dao marks, could it be regarded as a type of immortal material, would it also be absorbed into this enormous field of purple sand?


 Looking at this vast amount of immortal materials, flowers and trees, Fang Yuan felt like he was looking at the remains of corpses!


 From another perspective, this was a sea of immortal material remains!


 The unease inside him kept on intensifying.


 Fang Yuan immediately flew to the sky, maintaining some distance with the purple sand.


 He gazed at the sky.


 “There is definitely something strange about this Gu formation, it is probably not enough to just maintain distance from the purple sand. This change in immortal materials should definitely be related to the whole Gu formation. Before I know of what’s going on, it is better to quickly find the method to revive from the immortal zombie state and leave as soon as possible!



***
Chapter 935 - Surprising Gains


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Swoosh—!


 Fang Yuan was like an arrow as he flew in the air, creating huge air currents.


 Below him, there were countless immortal materials, but he did not even look at them. These ‘dead’ immortal materials were worthless.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s gaze focused.


 On the flat ground below, he saw a desolate beast.


 This desolate beast was large like a small hill, it was sprawled on the ground and did not move, it was a hidden essence turtle.


 Fang Yuan was not unfamiliar with this desolate beast, not long ago, he had captured one inside a fragment world of Central Continent’s Starry Sky grotto-heaven.


 Lowering his flying speed, Fang Yuan’s body turned as he flew towards the hidden essence turtle.


 When he got close, he realized this this was a hidden essence turtle that had died long ago.


 It was sprawled on the ground, its head lowered, half of it was buried into the soft purple sand.


 The hidden essence turtle’s state was as if the spine below its neck was broken, its four limbs were extremely relaxed and loose.


 But before it died, it had a calm expression, or rather, a peaceful expression, Fang Yuan felt some suspicion.


 “Among the countless ‘dead’ immortal materials, there is a desolate beast corpse huh...”


 Fang Yuan tried to collect the hidden essence turtle’s body.


 A moment later, his heart sank, he saw that a fragment of the hard turtle shell had turned into purple sand in his hands, scattering with the wind.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered, after a few breaths’ time, he left this place, exploring in the sky again.


 Soon, he saw a second desolate beast.


 This was an earth chief.


 It had a humanoid body and a snake tail, its face resembled a bat, and its nose was pointed up. It had large ears and a black body covered in fleshy armor.


 Around its chest were fifty to sixty fleshy whips, each over twenty meters in length. There were suction organs on the surface of the fleshy whips, covering them entirely.


 At the front of each fleshy whip was a chrysanthemum-like orifice which could shoot out a white milky fluid at the crucial moment, the fluid had very high corrosiveness and contained extremely large numbers of parasitic worms, which could drill into the pores of victims and wreak havoc from inside the body.


 The earth chief corpse was well preserved.


 But when Fang Yuan tried to collect the corpse, the same thing happened again.


 Fang Yuan no longer felt surprised, he muttered: “Hidden essence turtles are a desolate beast from Central Continent, and earth chiefs mostly appear in Northern Plains...”


 Leaving this place, he continued exploring.


 Fang Yuan quickly made a new discovery.


 “Sandalwood sacred elephants, and three of them!” Fang Yuan gasped.


 Sandalwood sacred elephants were much more valuable than hidden essence turtles and desolate beast earth chiefs.


 Because it was an ancient desolate beast, a mature sandalwood sacred elephant had rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength.


 Long ago, during the auction held by Qin Bai Sheng that involved the whole of Northern Plains, someone bid a sandalwood sacred elephant egg and attracted a huge commotion.


 in the current five regions, sandalwood sacred elephants were very rare, they were barely seen.


 But now, in front of Fang Yuan, were three sandalwood sacred elephant corpses.


 Next, Fang Yuan found even more desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses. They were all lying on the ground, surrounded by red, purple, or green plant immortal materials.


 Moon howling heavenly wolf, star desolate hound, golden sand dark stallion, ice spike divine ape, white hoof ink horse, nine palace crane, iron crown eagle, dragonfish, sharp tusk boar... Those that flew, those that ran, those that swam, all of them were present, it was like a creepy display of specimens.


 The more he flew towards the center, the more corpses he found, the numbers were stunning!


 Northern Plains’ coiling mountain goat king, Southern Border’s phoenix feather lava crocodile, Central Continent’s diamond bear, Eastern Sea’s grand smoke sea turtle, desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts from all five regions were all over the place.


 “Eh? This is a ruin bat.” Fang Yuan slowed his speed unknowingly.


 This ruin bat was a rare space path desolate beast, it was inferior to the immemorial desolate beast ruin bat that Fang Yuan had seen back in Tai Qiu.


 “Half moon qilin!” Fang Yuan’s body froze.


 Right now in Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, there was a living half moon qilin, it was raised like a treasure by the entire alliance.


 “This ancient desolate beast, it seems to be... remnant heavenly dog?” Fang Yuan checked it over and over and obtained an answer.


 He had never seen a remnant heavenly dog personally, he had only read about its descriptions in records. This ancient desolate beast only existed in white heaven.


 The more he saw, the more Fang Yuan became desensitized.


 His knowledge was very vast, but he did not recognize many of the ancient desolate plants and desolate beasts here.


 “The space here is so vast, I’ve already flown for so long, yet even with my speed, I have not seen the edge of the Gu formation.”


 This was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 He had tried to deduce this huge Gu formation earlier, and realized that it was a giant space path Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan had estimated the size of this place, but now it seems, his initial estimation far underestimated the power of the Gu formation.


 “It seems that my deductions and estimations did not reach the core of this Gu formation.”


 “Who is the person who made this? This is unheard of! So many immortal materials, this is truly an uncountable sum! Is it the work of an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable?”


 Fang Yuan guessed internally.


 Even rank eight Gu Immortals did not have such power to create this singlehandedly.


 Because the five regions’ regional walls prevented most rank eight Gu Immortals from traveling to other regions.


 This was also why, even with the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects only sent rank six and seven Gu Immortals over.


 Of course, once a person is rank nine and invincible in the world, the five region’s regional walls can no longer obstruct them.


 “If it is not a rank nine venerable, then this must be the work of a super organization. This organization spans across all five regions, that is the only way they can collect the immortal materials.”


 Even though there was treasure yellow heaven and Gu Immortals could use it to trade, at this scale, treasure yellow heaven could not possibly be the site of transaction.


 Because such transactions would have unprecedented scale, it would definitely be recorded down in history.


 But Fang Yuan knew that there were no such records.


 Even though he was deep into the Gu formation and had explored it for a long time, the longer he stayed, the more the mysteriousness around him thickened.


 Fang Yuan did not know much about this place.


 In his previous life, he had invaded Hu Immortal blessed land, but he did not step into this place.


 This was only something he had heard of in his previous life.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance suddenly became strong, even surpassing the headquarters in Eastern Sea. The explanation that they gave was that there was an inheritance here in Earth Trench.


 They said that an immortal zombie great expert had left behind a revival method for immortal zombies. Because of this, many of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s members turned back into humans, and countless lone cultivator immortal zombies came to join them, allowing Northern Plains Zombie Alliance to develop in size.


 But soon after, the good prospects did not last, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance was destroyed by Ma Hong Yun forcefully.


 Fang Yuan was unfamiliar with this place, but everything he saw made him extremely curious.


 “The direction that I am going should be correct, because the immortal materials that I am seeing are getting rarer. Who is the person who arranged this? It is simply terrifying, perhaps even Heavenly Court would not be able to achieve this?”


 Heavenly Court was an organization in Central Continent, it held control over Central Continent and had less power and forces in the other four regions.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, all sorts of monsters showed up, Fang Yuan was aware of this.


 Or rather, every super force had its own way to develop. Heavenly Court’s method was to grasp Central Continent and openly be the supreme force.


 “If the one who arranged this is an organization, then this organization has to span across all five regions, while being hidden and mysterious. Eh? That place is...”


 Fang Yuan saw a shade of purple in front of him.


 This was a desolate land.


 Soft purple sand was all around him, the sea of immortal materials was nowhere to be seen.


 This desolate landscape of sand was a giant circle, it was at least two square kilometers in area!


 There was no wind or sound, it was deathly silent.


 Fang Yuan was shocked internally: “This is the central part of the Gu formation, it seems that a terrifying explosion had occurred here!”


 It was this explosion that created the two square kilometers of desolate land. There should have been a sea of immortal materials here originally, but now there was nothing left.


 As he gradually got close to the edge of the desolate land, a bright light in the sand attracted Fang Yuan’s attention.


 Fang Yuan landed and saw that there were thin wings piercing into the sand.


 These were not the wings of birds, there were no feathers, they were half transparent, they should be the wings of cicadas or dragonflies.


 And these cicada-like wings emitted an aura that made Fang Yuan gulp.


 An immemorial desolate beast aura!


 Even though it was just the remains, it was the real deal, this was shocking!


 These cicada wings were extremely tattered, but they shone like a gem under light. From time to time, under sufficient lighting, they gave off a dark golden glow.


 “This light is that of dao marks of metal path, these cicada wings should have belonged to something that had a terrifying foundation in dao marks! Only with a dao mark foundation that was at quasi-rank nine would there be visible dao marks that could be seen with the naked eyes. That is the light of dao marks!”


 “Wait, maybe this is... the wings of the tiger-striped honey bee!”


 Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration, he made a guess.


 This guess made his heart shudder.


 Tiger-striped honey bees were a living being recorded in >.


 Each of these honey bees was the size of a leopard with patterns on their body resembling tiger stripes, golden with black stripes on top. They were extremely powerful, Verdant Great Sun could not even beat one of them. The honey wine that they create is sweet and delectable, it is extremely delicious and among the highest quality in the world.”


 “If the bees are at the size of leopards, the wings are at just the right size.” Fang Yuan thought about this and smiled bitterly.


 He was uncertain.


 His past experiences and knowledge were very shallow when compared to what appeared in this place, he knew little.


 He tried to take out these bee wings.


 But something shocking happened!


 The bee wings left the purple sand and were undamaged, they did not turn into purple sand like the other immortal materials.


 At once, Fang Yuan was overjoyed and surprised!


 This was from the body of an immemorial desolate beast, a rank eight Gu refinement immortal material!


 It could even give out dao mark light.


 Thus, more accurately speaking, this was quasi-rank nine immortal material!



***
Chapter 936 - Multi-layered Gu Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan held in his excitement.


 The immortal material in his hands was of very high quality, even in his previous life, he had never owned such a specimen.


 Quasi-rank nine immortal material, it had so many dao marks that it shined with bright light, observable with the naked eye.


 Fang Yuan was not a grandmaster in refinement path, but he knew something, the reason why immortal materials could be used to refine Immortal Gu was because the immortal materials themselves contain a lot of dao marks.


 Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.


 Gu worms were the vessels of the Great Dao, why did they contain power? That was because the tiny Gu worm contained dao marks.


 Dao marks were the traces of the Great Dao of heaven and earth, precisely because of this, activating Gu worms would result in many magical effects.


 The more dao marks in a Gu worm, the higher their rank would be, and the more powerful and profound their abilities would be.


 Refining an Immortal Gu was to gather the dao marks in countless mortal Gu and immortal materials, using the ones needed for the refinement.


 Now, Fang Yuan’s immortal material had many dao marks, in theory, it could be used to refine a rank eight Immortal Gu!


 In fact, he only needed to use a tiny fragment of it to refine a rank six Immortal Gu.


 The dao marks in a rank eight Immortal Gu were tens of thousands of times that of a rank six Immortal Gu.


 “Of course, this bee wing that resembles a tiger-striped honey bee mainly contains metal path dao marks. If I am trying to refine a metal path Immortal Gu, this would be very useful. Unfortunately, this has no use if I want to refine star thought Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan collected this precious immortal material properly.


 He could not use it now, but he might need it in the future.


 Even if he did not, this was such a precious immortal material, it would create a huge commotion in treasure yellow heaven, there was no need to worry that it would not be sold.


 “I’ve finally had some gains after entering this Gu formation.”


 Fang Yuan’s mind started to think deeply.


 He was not rushing towards the center, he was starting to explore this desolate land of purple sand.


 As expected, a moment later, he had another discovery while flying!


 In the purple sand, there was a white veil that resembled a handkerchief that attracted his gaze.


 He quickly descended, feeling joy after inspecting it.


 The aura could not be fake, this was another rank eight immortal material!


 But the quality was slightly lower than the bee wing earlier, there was no light from dao marks.


 Fang Yuan held it in his hands, the immortal material did not disintegrate after leaving the purple sand.


 “It seems that immortal materials of this level are no longer affected by the power of the purple sand.”


 Fang Yuan squeezed it, this immortal material was very soft, it could be molded into different forms.


 “So this is not a veil, but a piece of... cloud?”


 Fang Yuan observed carefully, feeling surprised.


 This was like a fragment of a cloud, but it contained a huge amount of cloud path dao marks.


 “Is this...” Fang Yuan’s felt excitement, he activated his Gu worms and spat out a mouthful of water vapor.


 When this immortal material was covered in water vapor, it became lighter and floated out of Fang Yuan’s hands, it rose into the sky and turned into a tiny cloud in the form of a phoenix. The phoenix’s wings moved slowly, as the cloud danced in the air.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, he was overjoyed: “As expected! This is a fragment of the immemorial desolate beast cloud phoenix’s body!!”


 Fang Yuan’s heart was pounding.


 This cloud phoenix was not a lifeform from the five regions, it was a mystical creature that only existed in white heaven of the immemorial nine heavens.


 It was not born with a phoenix bloodline, instead it was an ancient cloud that would not face destruction even after ten thousand years in white heaven. After having a phoenix’s aura or blood transmitted and spread through it, the cloud would slowly turn into a living being.


 Thus, its body was very special, it was neither made of flesh and blood nor clouds.


 The cloud phoenix fragment that Fang Yuan obtained was less than a fraction of a fraction of the cloud phoenix’s true body, but the cloud path dao marks inside could be used to refine a rank six Immortal Gu at least ten times as the main material!


 The discovery of the cloud phoenix affirmed Fang Yuan’s earlier guess.


 He continued exploring, not long after, he circulated entirely around the purple desert, he had huge gains.


 Counting his gains, he had a total of eighteen of such immortal materials, the dao mark varieties covered the majority of Gu paths. Among which, three materials had a lot of star path or wisdom path dao marks, they were very helpful in refining star thought Immortal Gu.


 One could say that with these three immortal materials, Fang Yuan could forget about Blazing Heaven Demoness and refine the Gu himself.


 Of course, because of the change in immortal materials, the recipe of star thought Immortal Gu would have to change as well. But Fang Yuan was not afraid of this, he could use the light of wisdom to easily do it, he was also a wisdom path grandmaster now, it was not difficult to deduce!


 “Even though the immortal materials that I collected are incredibly precious, they are only a small part of the corpses’ bodies. The Gu Immortal who created this place, they actually used so many precious immortal materials, are they trying to refine a rank nine Immortal Gu?”


 Fang Yuan could not help but guess.


 In the process of collecting immortal materials, he started to realize something.


 This desolate land of purple sand once had an incredibly profound refinement path Gu formation.


 Combined with these fragmented immortal materials, it was likely that the Gu Immortal had a grand ambition, they were trying to refine an immensely powerful Immortal Gu.


 But it was a pity, the Gu refinement failed and a huge explosion occurred.


 Not only was the refinement path Gu formation destroyed, with only debris left, most of the Gu refinement immortal materials were destroyed, only these fragments remained.


 “Regardless of who it is, or what organization it is, they are most likely dead from the explosion. If not for that, this Gu formation would not be left unmaintained for such a long time. The immortal material fragments here would not be scattered everywhere without anyone taking them.”


 Even though the immortal materials were just remnants after the explosion, they were very valuable.


 With rank eight and quasi-rank nine immortal materials involved, even rank eight Gu Immortals would be moved.


 If Old Ancestor Xue Hu knew that Fang Yuan had such a large number of precious immortal materials, he would forget about his face and come to find trouble with Fang Yuan in a hurry.


 In order to refine the rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was already going bankrupt trying to find the supplementary immortal materials, even though he had Ma Hong Yun as the main material.


 If not for that, he would not thrown away his face as a rank eight great expert and have gone to Zombie Alliance’s graveyard to steal immortal zombie corpses in place of the materials.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s worry eased slightly.


 Since this mysterious and powerful Gu Immortal, or Gu Immortal organization, was gone, this trip was much less dangerous now.


 Fang Yuan looked around, he saw that there was something new in the desolate land of purple sand.


 “Sigh... in the endless depths of history, who knows how many truths of the past has been buried, how many incredible people died inconspicuously without anyone knowing.”


 The commotion stirred up by them fades eventually, legends disappear.


 Getting rid of these thoughts, Fang Yuan came to the center of the desolate land of purple sand.


 This was the only area he had not explored yet in this entire desolate land.


 Even though he obtained many immortal materials, Fang Yuan was still slightly disappointed — in his previous life, rumors said that there was a way to get rid of his immortal zombie body and revive, but why has he not found it yet?


 Fang Yuan’s intuition was: At the central area of this desolate land, it should be the center of the Gu formation as well, if it was not here, then Fang Yuan would never find it elsewhere.


 Looking around, at the center of the desolate land, there was only small fragmented purple sand.


 This was the center of the explosion, the purple sand was much finer than outside.


 There were no immortal materials.


 He looked around, there were nothing.


 But under Fang Yuan’s investigative methods, he made a discovery of some remnants of the Gu formation deep under the purple sand.


 “This is indeed the central control area of the entire place!”


 “What an amazing person, this is actually a multi-layered Gu formation, having such an incredible design, this must be the work of a formation path great grandmaster!”


 Fang Yuan inspected as he felt shock internally.


 It turned out that the entire space was mainly focused on using the refinement path Gu formation, but what originally built this space, including the space path formation, was only a supplementary formation outside the refinement path Gu formation.


 Other than the space path Gu formation, Fang Yuan also found many defensive Gu formations, some food path Gu formations, and some phantom path Gu formations.


 Food path throughout history had never been widely spread, it was even rarer today.


 Fang Yuan did not understand much about it, but he had heard that food path was specialized in feeding Gu worms.


 “The food path supplementary Gu formation here should be used to feed these Gu worms. After all, a Gu formation needs countless Gu worms to work together in combination.”


 “There are still two or three food path Gu formations in use here. It is hard to imagine that after the great explosion, the Gu formation here is still working.”


 “Maybe that is the reason why the outermost space path Gu formation is still functioning.”


 This discovered unraveled one mystery for Fang Yuan.


 “Eh? This is... a phantom path Gu formation?” As he continued to observe, Fang Yuan made a new discovery.


 This phantom path Gu formation was already destroyed, but there were two or three mortal Gu left, buried deep in the purple sand, they are not moving and were barely alive, using the food path Gu formation to maintain their lives.


 Fang Yuan had even less knowledge regarding phantom path.


 But during the battle of Tai Qiu, Dong Fang Chang Fan had once used a ruin bat corpse to set up a huge phantom formation.


 If not for that, Fang Yuan would not have recognized this Gu formation immediately.


 “The phantom formation turns the entire Gu formation into a phantom and prevents outside attacks from destroying the Gu formation. Maybe this is the reason why the Gu formation survived the great explosion.”


 “Refinement path Gu Immortals with such attainment levels have their own refinement path Gu formations, and also many supplementary Gu formations on top of the refinement path Gu formation. Using these Gu formations, the refinement path Gu worms will be twice as effective for half the effort, they would save a lot of time and energy. For example, Snowy Mountain blessed land has an exquisite refinement path Gu formation, it is known as the best formation for refinement path in Northern Plains’ demonic path. It is said that this Gu formation is also a multi-layered Gu formation, using a total of twelve different Gu formations.” Fang Yuan’s thoughts churned.


 He could set up some refinement path Gu formations as well.


 But these Gu formations were very superficial, after all, they had to do with his formation path attainment.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment level was very low.


 A person has limited energy, and even more limited time, Fang Yuan had some accomplishments in certain aspects, he naturally had areas where he was inferior to other people.



***
Chapter 937 - Life-and-death Immortal Aperture!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The Gu formation in Snowy Mountain blessed land was not set up by Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 He was a rank eight great expert, but he could not set up such a Gu formation.


 To set up this Gu formation, Old Ancestor Xue Hu personally went to ask the number one formation path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, Sun Ming Lu, for help. Sun Ming Lu was a righteous path Gu Immortal, he had a firm personality and refused to cooperate, Old Ancestor Xue Hu knew that he could not be forceful, he put down his status and asked him for help numerous times.


 After seven invitations, in which Old Ancestor Xue Hu talked about Lady Wan Shou at the final time, Sun Ming Lu finally was convinced.


 Even though Sun Ming Lu was someone with extremely firm will, he treasured love and loyalty. Old Ancestor Xue Hu was setting up the refinement path Gu formation for his beloved wife, their love touched him, therefore he helped.


 This matter caused a huge commotion in the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world back then.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Sun Ming Lu fought intensely with the Central Continent Gu Immortals, he set up a Gu formation that prevented the Central Continent Gu Immortals from advancing. Eventually, the Gu formation was broken, and Sun Ming Lu died.


 After he died, someone made a biography of him. Inside >, the matter about Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s invitation was recorded clearly.


 “According to my deduction using this Gu formation’s remains, it has at least thirty layers! The twelve layered Gu formation that Sun Ming Lu made caused him to become the publicly recognized number one formation path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains. Then the Gu Immortal who made this arrangement here must be a great grandmaster. Or rather, they could even be a supreme grandmaster!”


 Supreme grandmaster!


 The attainment level above great grandmaster, a transcendent realm.


 For example, the three supreme grandmasters in refinement path: Long Hair Ancestor, Old Eccentric Tian Nan, and Old Immortal Kong Jue. All three of them were unprecedented and unique, they had achievements that could not be surpassed.


 “Food path Gu formation, phantom path Gu formation, metal path Gu formation, strength path Gu formation...” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly, his gaze pierced past the purple sand and looked into all the traces of the Gu formations.


 His heart gradually sank.


 He had not forgotten his original goal.


 Looking at the situation, there was little hope of obtaining a revival method.


 These Gu formations were all near the brink of destruction, mortal Gu inside were barely alive, there were zero Immortal Gu left. Maybe because the strong received the greatest burden, the explosion destroyed all of the Immortal Gu. Or maybe it was because the two or three food path Gu formations could not feed the Immortal Gu, and as time passed, they all starved to death.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan found a wisdom path Gu formation that was extremely tattered at the deepest level.


 This was the seventh wisdom path Gu formation that he had discovered.


 The Gu formation was so fragmented that Fang Yuan bore no hope.


 But he took a glance and realized that there was an unexpected gain in this Gu formation!


 There were some thoughts left behind in this tattered Gu formation.


 These thoughts were in a state of complete rest, it was probably the effect of this wisdom path Gu formation.


 Since there were thoughts, they could interact.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he mustered his strength and started to deduce this wisdom path Gu formation.


 He was very careful, this wisdom path Gu formation was like a building that was going to collapse, Fang Yuan needed to act very meticulously.


 Thankfully, he was a wisdom path grandmaster already, he had a high attainment level.


 A moment later, he deciphered this relatively simple wisdom path Gu formation, and successfully invaded it, controlling this delicate Gu formation.


 Next, he sent out thoughts into the Gu formation and started to interact with the thoughts that were at rest.


 ...


 “After using up more than eighty years, this Gu formation is finally complete! In the next few hundred years, or even thousands of years, I will be refining Gu here. Heh, I became an immortal zombie, even though I am not restricted by lifespan, my mind is no longer as agile. Thus, I asked ‘Yellow’ to add in this small Gu formation and store my thoughts so that they can help me think.”


 ...


 “This Gu formation is too useful, not only can it help me refine Gu, it can also conceal us from the perception of heaven’s will. Using only two hundred years, I successfully refined eight soul path Immortal Gu, among which six are rank seven, and two are rank eight.”


 ...


 “Every year, they send me lots of immortal materials. I would never have imagined this day where I would not be able to use up my immortal materials! I have countless immortal materials, this is so blissful. I should start to attempt those incomplete Immortal Gu recipes.”


 ...


 “An unexpected surprise occurred today when refining Gu! I tried to complete the Immortal Gu recipe of devour soul Immortal Gu, but in the end I refined an Immortal Gu with an unknown effect. Even though it is also a soul path Immortal Gu, I will let the others do the work of testing its effect.”


 ...


 “My Gu refinement failed! Three of my defensive Gu formations were destroyed, even my main refinement path Gu formation was damaged. That liar in treasure yellow heaven, that unscrupulous merchant! He dared to use a tampered immortal material to deceive me!! I will tear out his tendons and pull out his skin to vent my hatred!”


 ...


 “That unscrupulous merchant was already punished, ‘Azure’ is really amazing. These days, ‘Yellow’ arrived and repaired all of the Gu formations. I can refine Gu again.”


 ...


 “‘Purple’ came to inform me to be careful. ‘Azure’ has met with trouble. It turns out that the unscrupulous merchant Gu Immortal who deceived me was a pawn of Heavenly Court. Fate! It still exists, Red Lotus Demon Venerable did not manage to destroy it thoroughly. It is the assistant of accursed heaven! It will be destroyed one day!”


 ...


 “‘Azure’s’ problem is getting more and more serious. Sacrificing any one of us seven is a huge loss to all of us. Sigh, I harmed him, but he has already made up his mind. Maybe I can try that now... before leaving, he took that soul path Immortal Gu, so that Immortal Gu’s effect is like this... I hope it can help him out.”


 ...


 “‘Azure’ failed, his state is so pitiful, he is only one step from complete annihilation. ‘Yellow’ barely managed to preserve his life, but his injuries cannot be healed, it can only be fixed through time. This would take at least hundreds or thousands of years. Our greatest battle strength has been lost!”


 ...


 “‘Azure’s’ failure made me realize something fully, our previous methods will not work. We are all born with flaws, heaven and earth will not tolerate our existence. As ‘Green’, I must comprehend the profound meaning of life and death, nobody is more suited for this mission than me. We can only restart if I can find a way to truly revive and obtain an immortal aperture that is full of vitality.”


 ...


 At this point, Fang Yuan’s heart shook, he showed some excitement on his face.


 “Currently, it seems that this is a strong and mysterious organization. The members refer to each other with codenames, among which are Yellow, Green, Purple, Azure... if they have a total of seven members, they probably use the colors of the rainbow — red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple? Hmm... I will call this organization ‘Seven Rainbows’ for now.”


 Fang Yuan paused in his speculations, he continued to send his thoughts into the Gu formation, interacting with the motionless thoughts inside the Gu formation.


 The following thoughts were missing a huge chunk, they were no longer as closely connected as the previous ones, it seems that each thought was made after a long period of time.


 ...


 “My attempt succeeded, today, I found another revival method, but to me, what significance does such an ordinary revival method have? I do not need it.”


 ...


 “‘Blue’ obtained a Gu Immortal inheritance, it was left behind by Old Immortal Kong Jue in Central Continent. He had researched deeply into the ten extreme physiques, I have great gains from this, no, I have immense gains!”


 ...


 “‘Yellow’ and ‘Purple’ worked together and obtained an inheritance of Limitless Demon Venerable. Hahaha, truly worthy of Limitless Demon Venerable, his achievements in rule path are unprecedented and might never be surpassed, even I am vastly inferior!”


 ...


 “Limitless Demon Venerable is correct, there is life in death, and death in life, life and death can be interchanged! Except that under normal circumstances, turning from life to death is a natural process, it flows smoothly. But to turn from death to life, it would be extremely difficult, like traveling upstream. Meanwhile, immortal zombies are stuck between life and death, they are the manifestation of the profound mysteries of life and death.”


 “Life has its advantages, death has its uses. An immortal zombie’s immortal aperture might be a dead aperture, but it is safe from calamities and tribulations. This is a huge advantage of death!”


 “Limitless Demon Venerable’s direction is correct, I should move forward in this aspect. I am sure to make shocking achievements!”


 ...


 “I succeeded! This is an unimaginable result!!”


 “Limitless Demon Venerable was incredibly talented, actually, he was only some steps away from success. An immortal zombie’s dead aperture is extremely precious, it has many uses. Hehehe, if this result is exposed, the entire Gu Immortal world would be shaken! Even I myself was shocked immensely...”


 Next, Fang Yuan got more and more stunned as his eyes burst with shining light, his expression visibly changed.


 According to these thoughts, when a Gu Immortal cultivates, they should first turn into an immortal zombie and obtain a dead immortal aperture! Next, they would revive, obtaining a life-and-death immortal aperture.


 This immortal aperture has two layers, one layer is of life, and the other layer is of death, life and death are able to coexist with each other and are interchangeable. It would be an immense help to the Gu Immortal in terms of cultivating or undergoing tribulations!


 Ordinary Gu Immortal who are alive were filled with vitality and cannot control death.


 Ordinary immortal zombies have death energy emanating in their dead apertures, they have death without life, they could only contain the mysteries of death.


 The former had too much vitality, with such immense fortune, heaven would seek balance. Thus, every once in a while, there would be heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, to create losses to the Gu Immortal.


 The latter was full of death energy and had no calamities or tribulations, but would slowly disintegrate and could not contain cultivation resources.


 The immortal aperture that Fang Yuan obtained when ascending had already disintegrated by more than half.


 In time, it would completely disappear, the entire immortal aperture would vanish. By then, Fang Yuan would only have his mortal dead aperture left.


 “But according to this cultivation method contained in the thoughts, I can use the dead aperture as the core and fuse life and death during the process of revival, condensing them into one aperture, and form the life-and-death immortal aperture, to control life and death to a certain degree!”


 “With this life-and-death immortal aperture, the power of the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities I face from now on would be halved! Most importantly, the dao marks I obtain would not be reduced at all.”


 Fang Yuan was greatly moved.


 Any Gu Immortal would be moved.


 “If this method really works, then it would truly shock the entire Gu Immortal world, it would not be an exaggeration to say that the entire world would go into chaos!”



***
Chapter 938 - Successfully Returning to the City


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 With a whooshing sound.


 At a nook of the yaksha octopuses’ cave, a green light shined brightly as the surrounding darkness was repelled.


 As the jade green light faded, a figure appeared at the place which was previously empty.


 It was Fang Yuan, having just come out of the space created by the Gu formation.


 He had used fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu.


 And this place had been specially arranged earlier, when he explored the yaksha octopuses’ underground cave.


 He had set up many mortal Gu here, forming a simple and crude Gu formation.


 There was nothing that could be done about it, Fang Yuan’s formation path attainment was very low, he could only use Gu formations of this level.


 The Gu formation could only conceal most of the disturbance, but Fixed Immortal Travel was, after all, an Immortal Gu, when Fang Yuan appeared, this mortal Gu formation immediately broke apart, some aura leaked out.


 Fang Yuan quickly used his methods to get rid of these traces.


 But soon, he heard the growling of desolate beasts as well as the movement of the yaksha octopuses in the cave.


 “The surrounding yaksha octopuses are back already?”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light.


 He took action rapidly, eliminating the Immortal Gu aura before the yaksha octopuses returned, and quickly left.


 The yaksha octopuses felt the aura of the Immortal Gu and were stirred up, but when they arrived, there were no traces remaining. The octopuses searched around and saw nothing, their uncertainty gradually vanished, they turned around and left.


 If they were Gu Immortals, they would not be so easy to fool.


 Desolate beasts lacked intelligence, thus Fang Yuan could easily deal with them.


 Before long, he returned to the battlefield with the mouth earthworm, it was a messy scene.


 Most of the yaksha octopuses had retreated, while the Northern Plains immortal zombies were nowhere to be found.


 A huge gorge, like a long scar along the Earth Trench, was displayed in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, he smiled silently.


 He knew that this gorge was dug by the mouth earthworm.


 Mouth earthworms were creatures that primarily lived under the surface.


 They stayed there most of the time, only coming to the surface when hunting for food. After devouring the prey rapidly, they would dig back under the soil and stop moving.


 At the same time, their bodies would shrink at a shocking rate, turning from gigantic fat masses to being like bamboo poles.


 At this time, the thick meat in their bodies would squeeze together tightly. The unique apparatus in their flesh — countless sharp bony teeth, would rotate and grind the prey into flesh and blood.


 “This mouth earthworm swallowed me, but I used Fixed Immortal Travel inside its body to escape. It failed to hunt its prey, it would definitely rage and fight with the Northern Plains immortal zombies. The mouth earthworm is not their match, it does not have wisdom, it is bound to lose. But this wild beast has the instincts to escape, and it is very good at it. Once it is injured to an extent, it would dig into the soil and escape from the battle.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with eerie light.


 If not for this, he would not have chosen to use the mouth earthworm to escape from the immortal zombies’ sights.


 Previously in Dark Flow Giant City, he had obtained information about Dragon Commander Ye Cha and the others, he knew that they did not have an effective way to deal with the underground mouth earthworm.


 Their investigative methods could not bypass the abundant earth path dao marks on the mouth earthworm, thus Fang Yuan dared to use fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu inside its body.


 Thus, even though there were many individuals among the Northern Plains immortal zombies, and they had great battle strength, they could not do anything to this mouth earthworm for a period of time.


 Especially when the mouth earthworm did not want to fight, and was using all its efforts to escape.


 Battle strength did not mean everything.


 For example, Old Ancestor Xue Hu with rank eight cultivation level could fight against both Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and force them to retreat, he had incredible battle strength. But to create the Gu formation, he still needed to ask Sun Ming Lu seven times.


 Even rank nine venerables were like this.


 In the history of Gu Immortals, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had asked Long Hair Ancestor to refine Gu for them.


 There were all sorts of paths in Gu cultivation, that meant that specialists tackled their own fields, even if a person cultivates a path to rank nine, they would still be lacking proficiency in other areas.


 After all, there was a limit to their energy.


 Unless they had a lot of time, or a certain degree of fortuitous encounters.


 The mouth earthworm escaped, while the Northern Plains immortal zombies chased, the traces of battle extended along the way.


 During this journey, many things could be seen: pits created from explosions, blood inside the gorges, most likely the mouth earthworm’s blood. Other than that, there were also many pieces of the corpses of Earth Trench’s creatures that were drawn into the chaos.


 In order to live, the mouth earthworm was going all out, this helped Fang Yuan conceal his traces to a large extent.


 One side chased, while the other escaped, this extended battlefield had been formed.


 Seeing the intense fighting along the way, Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 “In order to escape, the mouth earthworm must have panicked and led the Northern Plains immortal zombies to the territories of other fierce beasts. Good, the more chaotic this scene is, the more advantageous for me. This is just like what I had calculated earlier.”


 Next, Fang Yuan followed along the traces of battle and flew rapidly, his body submerging into the darkness.


 The Northern Plains immortal zombies were flying dejectedly.


 Their injuries were not light, they were in pathetic states, with ashen expressions.


 “What can we do? Xing Xiang Zi died, how can we explain this to Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness?”


 “Sigh, we did our best. Assaulting the mouth earthworm along the way, we went through the territories of five fierce beasts, among which three are ancient desolate beasts! Keep in mind, this is the Earth Trench! I have never acted so crazy before.”


 “Unfortunately, our efforts were in vain, this mouth earthworm fell into the acid bog, it had completely dissolved. Xing Xiang Zi was not spared, there’s no way we can sacrifice our lives for him, right.”


 “In my opinion, Xing Xiang Zi was too careless. Acting so careless in Earth Trench, he was simply courting death!”


 The immortal zombies spoke quietly, only the leader, Dragon Commander Ye Cha, was silent.


 He had the highest status among these people, he was the leader, he held the biggest responsibility towards Xing Xiang Zi’s demise.


 Thinking about Blazing Heaven Demoness, Dragon Commander Ye Cha’s heart felt extremely heavy.


 “Everyone, we finally meet again.” Fang Yuan turned into Xing Xiang Zi, appearing in front of the immortal zombies.


 “Eh?” At once, the Northern Plains immortal zombies were stunned.


 “Xing Xiang Zi?!” Doctor Yin Xuan called out, his gaze was full of joy.


 The other immortal zombies were the same, even Landlord Lei Yu looked at Fang Yuan feeling that it was very pleasing to see this old man!


 “How did you escape?” An immortal zombie asked.


 This question was in everyone’s minds.


 Several gazes were all focused on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan was prepared for this, he gave his explanation: “Alas! When I was trapped inside the mouth earthworm’s stomach, the surrounding flesh squeezed me, and numerous teeth started rotating. In that dangerous state, I used my Immortal Gu for an immortal killer move, sealing myself into star ice. This is my strongest defensive move, it was able to block the teeth. But there was a drawback, I could not move at all, not just my body, but my thoughts as well, therefore I could not think. The star ice would only exist for a short period of time, but I believed that everyone would save me. All I had to do was to wait until the star ice melted, and when I regained my freedom, I found that I was buried under some rubble!”


 “So that’s it!” Doctor Yin Xuan realized.


 “Xing Xiang Zi must have fell out when we were chasing the mouth earthworm and fighting in the chaotic battle, creating wounds that tore its flesh open.”


 “So close, so close!”


 “Xing Xiang Zi, you were really lucky.”


 The immortal zombies did not have any suspicions.


 Dragon Commander Ye Cha heaved a sigh of relief: “That is good, do you still need to collect star night mucus?”


 Fang Yuan’s face changed, he showed a hesitant expression, saying: “Forget it! I was unlucky now, let’s go back and rest first, we will talk about it later.”


 The immortal zombies glanced at each other, secretly laughing inside about Xing Xiang Zi’s timidness.


 But after such an intense battle, their bodies were in bad shape as well, thus everyone agreed to return to Dark Flow Giant City and rest.


 As for the remaining star night mucus, that was a problem for later.


 A few days later.


 Dark Flow Giant City.


 In the secret room, the refinement path Gu formation was shining with a dazzling light.


 The light shined on Fang Yuan’s face, but now, his mind was elsewhere.


 “Possible, this is totally possible!” Fang Yuan said internally.


 He was using the Gu formation to process the Gu refinement materials on the surface, but he was actually inside his dead aperture, controlling Gu worms to do an experiment.


 He was very vigilant, even though he obtained a revival method in Earth Trench, it had a dubious origin, Fang Yuan had to experiment on it and test if it was usable.


 The results all proved that this revival method was usable!


 Fang Yuan was excited and deeply moved.


 Looking back over the past, Fang Yuan had been collecting revival methods ever since Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, facing many difficulties.


 The first revival method he collected, of time path — that was to use man as before Immortal Gu with time anchor Immortal Gu to revive himself.


 But though this method might have great potential, it was only a conjecture, to complete it, he needed to cooperate with Shark Demon and invest an immense amount of time and resources into it.


 Next, Fang Yuan found the possession method from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, using this, he could achieve the target of getting rid of his immortal zombie state.


 But if he used this method, not only would there be questions on whether the body would suit his soul, and the aptitude of the body, but the second aperture that Fang Yuan had put in so much effort to obtain would be gone for good.


 Following that, Fang Yuan obtained a method of using a ten extreme physique immortal ascension to get rid of the immortal zombie state from Feng Jin Huang at the Refinement Path Convention.


 This method was even less plausible, it was suited for mortal Gu Masters. Fang Yuan was already an immortal zombie, he would need to use his first mortal aperture to undergo immortal ascension, he did not have one of the ten extreme physiques either, he had insufficient aptitude. Even though he had blood skull Gu, he already had dao marks in his body, he could not use mortal Gu to raise his aptitude.


 Finally, in the Starry Sky grotto-heaven fragment world, Feng Jin Huang told Fang Yuan another revival method.


 Using theory involving transformation path, in combination with everlasting Gu, he could achieve a permanent transformation, that was the same as revival.


 But what was the way to refine everlasting Gu? Fang Yuan did not know.


 If someone else had everlasting Immortal Gu, the situation would be even worse.


 Fang Yuan did not excel greatly in transformation path either.


 These methods, even though they could succeed, they all had drawbacks and could not be achieved easily.


 But as the saying goes, one determined to work hard would not be disappointed, after so much turmoil and difficulties, Fang Yuan finally found the best and most suitable method for himself inside Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s Earth Trench!



***
Chapter 939 - Dual Ten Extreme Physique Rank Nine Demon Venerable?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Since the creator had yet to name the method, Fang Yuan gave it a tentative name: life-and-death immortal aperture revival method.


 The true value of this method was absolutely priceless!


 If it were to be leaked out to the public, the whole cultivation world would be shaken and the current situation of the world would change. Countless Gu Immortals, even the secluded rank eights, would start researching it immediately with their full efforts and attempt to use the method.


 Once a large portion of Gu Immortals obtain this method, from then on, the number of Gu Immortals in all the five regions would start to increase explosively and in unprecedented fashion.


 Because the life-and-death immortal aperture contained the mysteries of both life and death, it could reduce the might of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities. And the extent of that reduction was as high as an entire fifty percent!


 What did that imply?


 The cultivation journeys of Gu Immortals had two difficulties that they had to pass.


 One was that of limited lifespan and the other was the presence of calamities and tribulations.


 Increasing cultivation level could not increase lifespan, thus Gu Immortals could only seek out other methods to prolong their lifespans by all means possible.


 Ignoring that for the time being.


 Right now, calamities and tribulations were to be emphasised.


 Gu Immortal would face calamities and tribulations once in a while. Heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities were like blades of an executioner hanging over the heads of Gu Immortals.


 During times of peace, most Gu Immortals would die as a result of calamities and tribulations. Countless records within history and practical examples and experiences in real life served to remind Gu Immortals time and time again about how terrifying and fatal these threats were!


 Calamities and tribulations were unpredictable and their power was not equal, instead the difficulty increased gradually.


 Gu Immortals needed to work hard in their cultivation and raise their strength continuously to have a chance of passing the tribulations.


 And cultivation was not simply a theoretical matter, resources for cultivation were required, like immortal materials, Immortal Gu, immortal killer moves, Immortal Gu Houses and so on.


 An immortal aperture was the best place to cultivate and harvest immortal materials.


 Because the environment of the immortal aperture was special, it had many dao marks and could grow relevant immortal materials that were suitable for the Gu Immortal, in accordance with their situation. Moreover, time flowed much faster in the immortal aperture when compared to the five regions, thus the immortal materials could be harvested more frequently and provide higher gains overall.


 There was another reason as well, nurturing cultivation resources in the immortal aperture could be done much more safely and they could be carried around with the person conveniently.


 It was quite dangerous to place immortal materials outside.


 Not only could they be easily seized by others, there could also be overbearing experts like Blazing Heaven Demoness who would even attempt to destroy them if they were unable to obtain them.


 However, the problem was that every heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity would result in heavy negative repercussions on the immortal aperture.


 It was already not a simple matter for Gu Immortals to pass calamities and tribulations. To prevent damage to the entirety of their immortal aperture was nearly impossible.


 The cultivation resources that were stored in the immortal aperture would often be destroyed to a large extent.


 Gu Immortals would have to once again accumulate the cultivation resources to continue their cultivation, there were even some who might have to start all over from scratch.


 If that happened, a vicious cycle would be formed.


 Accumulating cultivation resources, cultivating, increasing in strength, passing tribulations... re-accumulating resources, cultivating, increasing in strength slowly, passing even tougher tribulations...


 The calamities and tribulations would become stronger and stronger, while their resources would need to be accumulated all over again each time, greatly delaying the growth of the strength of the Gu Immortal. The strength of many Gu Immortals might be insufficient for keeping up with the required speed, their growth might even sometimes be stagnant, so how could they cope with the even more terrifying calamities and tribulations?


 Thus, since ancient times, countless Gu Immortals had lost everything to heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities and perished.


 Hu Immortal was a typical example.


 She had passed four earthly calamities, but at the fifth calamity, she encountered a blue charm lightning shadow and died due to it. Her obsession turned into the land spirit of Hu Immortal blessed land, which was finally obtained by Fang Yuan.


 Of course, there was a method to reduce the threat, that was to move out the cultivation resources in advance.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had done this.


 But in fact, very few Gu Immortals would do such a thing.


 They were obviously not foolish, so what was the reason?


 The reason was because of the targeting natures of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities. For instance, a wood path Gu Immortal who moved out all their wood path resources before facing a calamity or tribulation may instead end up attracting a fire path calamity or tribulation.


 After passing the tribulation, the immortal aperture would be greatly affected, gaining many fire path dao marks, which would cause changes in the environment and temperature.


 When the wood path Gu Immortal brings back all the previously moved out cultivation resources, many of those resources would not be suitable to be cultivated in this completely new environment.


 On the contrary, if the wood path resources were kept in the blessed land and attracted a wood path tribulation, the immortal aperture’s wood path dao marks would increase, although there would be losses, the environment of the immortal aperture would become even more ideal.


 Countless examples of success and failure, countless summaries of the experiences of predecessors proved one thing clearly — keeping the resources when facing a tribulation was wiser than moving them away, and was even more beneficial for the Gu Immortal’s cultivation journey.


 Fang Yuan had previously moved out his resources, which led to a blood path calamity that was essentially unsuitable for the growth of the previous resources.


 However, Hu Immortal blessed land was not compatible with his path, so this was not a big problem.


 Later on, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng faced the calamity in his immortal aperture, he chose to keep his resources even when aware of how severe the loss could be. It was because the immortal aperture that was undergoing an earthly calamity was his most essential foundation.


 Only after understanding this kind of information could one truly realize the terrifying value of the life-and-death immortal aperture method!


 Although Gu Immortals were high and mighty above the masses, calamities and tribulations hung above their head, they had to cultivate endlessly, and make huge progress at every phase of their cultivation, and had to keep on making more progress, only then could they continue to survive.


 But if they had a life-and-death immortal aperture, everything would be different.


 It directly reduced the power of calamities and tribulations by fifty percent!


 With the sharp decrease in the power of calamities and tribulations, the loss of their cultivation resources would be less, while there would be no drop in the number of dao marks gained, this was enough to benefit the cycle for the Gu Immortal’s cultivation.


 Accumulating cultivation resources, cultivating, increasing in strength, passing tribulations... on top the original foundation, one can continue to accumulate resources, cultivating even quicker, experiencing a greater increase in strength, and passing a slightly stronger tribulation...


 With just a living immortal aperture, the calamities and tribulations would keep on growing stronger; Gu Immortals could barely endure them as it was, and as their cultivation increased, it would be even more difficult for them to advance.


 And if they only had a dead immortal aperture, the immortal aperture would continue to crumble, resources could not be accumulated quickly and there was no hope of progress, it was simply a doomed ending.


 However, a life-and-death immortal aperture created a cycle that allowed the Gu Immortal’s strength to snowball and accumulate, and have increasingly greater assurance in passing future tribulations!


 Undoubtedly, this was an accomplishment that surpassed the current era!


 It could change the whole Gu Immortal world, the entire world would be revolutionized, the history of Gu Masters would be changed henceforth.


 It might seem to be simply a revival method, but it contained such monstrous power!


 More accurately speaking, it was no longer just a simple revival method, it was a method of cultivation.


 This technique that had improved upon the foundation of Limitless Demon Venerable’s concept was, without doubt, much more superior than the methods of cultivation that had been passed down for countless years!


 Such a grand feat, in the context of Earth’s history, was like the invention of steam engine, electricity and calculator, they had incredibly significant importance!


 The traditional Gu Master cultivation methods were passed down from Ren Zu’s era, and there were almost no changes done to it since.


 If the life-and-death immortal aperture method was publicized, it would be akin to the theory of general relativity of Einstein which ‘overthrew’ Newton’s first law!


 If it were other Gu Immortals, they might find it hard to accept this for a period of time, even thinking that this was an unrealistic fantasy, it might even be considered sacrilegious!


 After all, immortal zombies had low status, while this method placed much importance on their dead immortal apertures and instead held them in high regard.


 But Fang Yuan’s own soul was from Earth, he had an open mind, the authority of the traditional way of Gu cultivation had not been deeply ingrained into his mind.


 At this moment, his mind was filled with exclamations of praise!


 “The methods of humans continue to progress over time, history continues to be written. Gu cultivation can fully be regarded as another form of science, it continues to advance and develop with time.”


 “In the past, in ancient times, there were indeed countless wise and capable geniuses who had glorious and brilliant accomplishments. But those of future generations stand on these shoulders of their predecessors, using their foundations, they are able to have even more brilliant and splendid accomplishments.”


 Like this mysterious great expert immortal zombie who invented the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method, they had stood on Old Immortal Kong Jue’s shoulders, they used Limitless Demon Venerable’s accomplishments in rule path and combined them with their own talents before they were finally able to create this improved cultivation method.


 Fang Yuan continued to ponder.


 The more he thought about it, the more he realized the profundity and brilliance of this revival method.


 During this short period of time, Fang Yuan could only scratch the surface of this brilliant technique, but he could not comprehend the essence and origin of this brilliance.


 He knew that following this method was the right course and the result would also be ideal for him.


 But he did not know what principles were involved in this method.


 The explanation for the life-and-death immortal aperture could be said to be simple, but the principles involved in it were something Fang Yuan could still not understand.


 The contents of the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method were not simple, they were very complex.


 Because it subdivided every Gu cultivation path into different revival methods, different Gu worms needed to be refined accordingly.


 For instance, Fang Yuan cultivated strength path, he needed a large amount of exert strength Gu, countless disappointment Gu, and many other types of supplementary Gu worms to finally create a multi-layered Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan carefully thought over these ideas, feeling that they were rather interesting.


 When mortals started cultivating, hope Gu was needed to awaken their aperture. This method, however, required disappointment Gu and exert strength Gu.


 Without hope, how could there be disappointment?


 Without disappointment, where would hope come from?


 Disappointment and hope, these two concepts stood as opposites to each other but they coexisted together.


 It was just like the concept of life and death. If one was gone, the other also lacked the significance for a concept of it to be formed.


 Fang Yuan planned inwardly: “Disappointment Gu and exert strength Gu are merely mortal Gu, so they are not difficult to gather. There are also corresponding Gu recipes here, I can order the hairy men to refine them day in and day out. Even if the amount required is large, I can complete it within three months. Once completed, I can immediately start my revival and obtain a life-and-death immortal aperture! Except that...”


 Except that the life-and-death immortal aperture that would be obtained in this way was somewhat unsatisfactory.


 Because Fang Yuan’s strength path immortal aperture was already mostly disintegrated. Using just the remaining dead immortal aperture as the base, the newly formed life-and-death immortal aperture would naturally be inferior. Be it the size, the environment or its foundation, they would all be lacking.


 When Fang Yuan had been forced to ascend in Northern Plains, the foundation for his immortal aperture was not high in the first place, its size was three and a half thousand square kilometers and the rate of time was sixteen times that of the outside world.


 A low grade blessed land has a size of two thousand square kilometers at the maximum, it can draw in a small tributary of the river of time and create over ten beads of immortal essence, while being a land of few resources.


 A medium grade blessed land can have a size of two thousand and seven hundred square kilometers to four thousand square kilometers, draw in a slightly bigger tributary of the river of time, create over twenty beads of immortal essence and have plentiful resources.


 Fang Yuan’s previous strength path immortal aperture was only a medium grade blessed land. Now, if he used his currently shrunken blessed land to revive, it will definitely be a low grade blessed land, and it was very likely for it to be low grade even among low grades.


 Without doubt, this would be unfavorable to Fang Yuan’s future cultivation.


 However, there was a segment of content about the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method which excited Fang Yuan greatly.


 During the refinement process, he could use other strength path immortal zombies’ corpses as immortal materials and refine them in a Gu formation. This would increase the grade of the life-and-death immortal aperture created, his low grade blessed land could return to medium grade, and as long as there were sufficient strength path immortal zombies, he might even be able to raise his blessed land to high grade!


 When immortal zombies die, their aperture would completely dissipate and the dao marks in the aperture would stay in the immortal zombie body. Thus, immortal zombie bodies were rich with dao marks and were special kinds of immortal materials. If not for this, Old Ancestor Xue Hu would not have shamelessly sneaked into the immortal zombie graveyard to steal the corpses.


 At the final part of this segment, it was clearly recorded —


 If one could obtain a Great Strength True Martial Physique immortal zombie body and used it during the revival process, the life-and-death immortal aperture created would surpass that of a high grade blessed land and become a super grade blessed land!


 And after the immortal zombie revives, they would possess the Great Strength True Martial Physique!!


 Because Hei Lou Lan had advanced into an immortal with the Great Strength True Martial Physique and possessed a super grade blessed land, Fang Yuan understood many things regarding it.


 “A super grade blessed lands has a vast space of over six thousand seven hundred square kilometers. Every year, the amount of immortal essence it produces would surpass fifty beads! The rate of time is even faster, thus precious resources can be obtained in extremely short intervals! Furthermore, the Great Strength True Martial Physique can increase my battle strength by several times!” Fang Yuan’s heart thumped with excitement.


 From this point, one could also discern that the life-and-death immortal aperture method was an excellent method to raise a Gu Immortal’s aptitude!


 The ten extreme physiques...


 They had extremely great power, but their flaws were even bigger!


 Because time flowed faster, calamities and tribulations came quicker and more frequently, their might becoming increasingly terrifying! For the cultivation of Gu Immortals, this was a big taboo!


 One could find out from history that none of the ten supreme venerables had one of the ten extreme physiques. Even among rank eight Gu Immortals, it was extremely rare for someone to possess one of the ten extreme physiques.


 In short, a person with one of the ten extreme physiques could be unrivaled among those of the same rank and could even fight against those that exceeded their rank, but they did not have the potential to grow and simply could not live for long under the barrage of calamities and tribulations.


 However, this huge flaw did not exist to Fang Yuan!


 There was only one reason for that — he possessed the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method.


 And a life-and-death immortal aperture reduced the might of calamities and tribulations by half!


 This lowered the danger to a completely acceptable level and formed a much more beneficial cycle.


 “I can at most obtain a high grade blessed land by gathering ordinary strength path immortal zombie bodies. But if I can gather the body of an immortal zombie of one of the ten extreme physiques, I can possess the Great Strength True Martial Physique and own a super grade blessed land, moreover the calamities and tribulations would have their might reduced by half. As long as I have enough time to cultivate, my strength will continue to grow, and I would have a chance at vying for that supreme throne of rank nine!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes burned with the flames of passion.


 Rank nine venerables were invincible in the world, this was a publicly recognized fact. If since ancient times, there has been not been a ten extreme physique venerable, did that imply that they would be the strongest even among the rank nine venerables?


 In this world, the greatest in strength in all of history?


 “I also have my first mortal aperture. If my revival goes smoothly, I can use this method again to cultivate time path and change my first mortal aperture to a super grade blessed land. At that time, not only will I have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, I will also have the Desolate Ancient Moon Physique!”


 Dual Ten Extreme Physique!


 And with time, a dual ten extreme physique venerable?


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan almost shed tears.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life and in this life, he had wandered from place to place, enduring many hardships and taking risks amidst life and death. Finally, now, at this moment, he found a hopeful path that could lead him to the grand ambition of immortality!


 Eternal life seemed to be an illusory goal, but if one did not have sufficient strength, then it was a target that was impossible to pursue to begin with.


 “Strength path immortal zombies are already few in numbers, since I have joined Zombie Alliance, I am unable to target the alliance members. Great Strength True Martial Physique immortal zombie, where can I find one? Hmph. Right now, there is only one optimal target — Hei Lou Lan!!”


 At that instant, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a ferocious light.


 “Although I cooperated with you to escape from Imperial Court blessed land and have obtained many benefits later on, having a rather pleasant experience, for the ambition that I seek, you have to be sacrificed.”


 A faint smile appeared on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Ruthless.


 Callous!



***
Chapter 940 - Fang Yuan’s Plans


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Since he obtained the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method, Fang Yuan naturally wanted to make as much use of it as he could.


 Regardless of whether it was in his previous life or now, cultivation aptitude was always a big regret for Fang Yuan. Now that he could fix this, Fang Yuan was extremely happy to do so.


 Most importantly, the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method for the ten extreme physiques was too enticing, the advantage it gave towards cultivating was too great.


 However, it was extremely difficult to obtain a Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 Firstly, the ten extreme physiques were very rarely seen. Even if they appeared, they could not cultivate easily.


 There were even fewer of those with the Great Strength True Martial physique that cultivated to Gu Immortal level.


 And on this basis, those who turned into immortal zombies and still had their bodies intact might simply be nonexistent!


 Fang Yuan checked historical records and his memories, but there were no clues.


 Thus, Hei Lou Lan was his easiest target, and also the most appropriate and realistic one.


 Or rather, she was his only target.


 But the problems in front of Fang Yuan were not few.


 Firstly, Hei Lou Lan herself was a formidable person, she had both brains and brawn, in his previous life, she left her own mark in history. Such a person was not easy to deal with, she could risk her fight and battle all out while also scheming deeply, she could not be messed with casually.


 Secondly, Hei Lou Lan was not alone, she had the rank seven Fairy Li Shan supporting her. They had a close relationship, they would not turn on each other. To deal with Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan would also have to deal with Fairy Li Shan.


 Thirdly, Fairy Li Shan, Hei Lou Lan, and Fang Yuan had an alliance agreement.


 Finally, and what was also Fang Yuan’s biggest problem, Hei Lou Lan knew the truth of Imperial Court blessed land. If he did not handle it appropriately, she would tell this truth to the world. By then, Fang Yuan would be hunted down by all the Gu Immortals in the world. The allure of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s inheritance would be so great that countless greedy Gu Immortals would charge at him like a tsunami, completely drowning him.


 All in all, Hei Lou Lan was like a porcupine, if he was rash in dealing with her, not only might she be left unharmed, but he would also end up suffering major backlash.


 “Hei Lou Lan, oh Hei Lou Lan, if not for the fact that you have the Great Strength True Martial physique which helps my cultivation, I would not want to target you.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan started his preparations on two aspects.


 On one hand, he needed to think about an appropriate way to harm Hei Lou Lan.


 On the other hand, he was refining star thought Immortal Gu while using letters to communicate with Fairy Li Shan on how to breach a contract.


 But days went by, he was making very slow progress in all of them.


 Ever since Hei Lou Lan realized her flaws, she made up her mind and focused on managing her blessed land. Since she could not hide inside Snowy Mountain blessed land anymore, she hid outside and went missing.


 After Fang Yuan returned to Dark Flow Giant City, he took action to one again go to Earth Trench and collect star night mucus. After that, he used the star night mucus to refine star thought Immortal Gu, but he failed again.


 Fairy Li Shan had cultivated earth path in the past, she later cultivated information path mainly alongside wood path, she had mountain pledge Immortal Gu, her information path attainment was definitely higher than that of Fang Yuan. Earlier, she had gone against the agreement to deal with Dong Fang tribe, but she was still alive and well now, this showed that not only was she skilled at making agreements, she was also able to break them.


 Information path specialized in agreements. To make a comparison, they were like locks that restricted both parties.


 Fairy Li Shan was like a locksmith, she was skilled at making locks, she was certain to be good at opening them.


 Fang Yuan, Fairy Li Shan, and Hei Lou Lan, even though they had an agreement, the deadline was approaching, thus this agreement was not trouble.


 The reason Fang Yuan gave Fairy Li Shan was — he needed to deal with the agreement for joining Zombie Alliance.


 Fang Yuan had joined Zombie Alliance in Eastern Sea, he was restricted by the Zombie Alliance agreement.


 “If I cannot get Hei Lou Lan, I can only lower my expectations and collect a large number of strength path immortal zombies. If that happens, I will need to break the Zombie Alliance agreement so that I can steal bodies inside the Zombie Alliance graveyard.”


 The careful Fang Yuan would naturally not put all of his eggs in one basket, he would make all kinds of preparations.


 Therefore, these last days, Fang Yuan had been asking for information path methods from Fairy Li Shan often.


 The results were minimal.


 On one hand, Fairy Li Shan was guarding against Fang Yuan. He had developed too rapidly, it already made this third leader of Snowy Mountain blessed land feel threatened. Even though Fang Yuan offered a high price, she used the excuse of having to find immortal materials to reject him.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan had little understanding in regards to information path, with such low attainment, it was hard for him to learn something in this short period of time.


 Thirdly, was Zombie Alliance’s agreement so easily broken? It was wishful thinking to expect Fang Yuan to be able to break it in such a short time!


 Even though he did not make any progress in information path, after interacting with Fairy Li Shan, Fang Yuan had a clear understanding of the fight between Zombie Alliance and Snowy Mountain blessed land using his own knowledge from being inside Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s base.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ tactic was very smart.


 These last days, she led the immortal zombies to attack the demonic path Gu Immortals of Snowy Mountain blessed land continuously.


 Many of the demonic path Gu Immortals had low luck to begin with, it was hard to collect immortal materials, but now with the immortal zombies wreaking havoc, they faced even more problems, their gains were affected.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was helpless.


 The reason was simple, even though he was a rank eight great expert, he was just one person.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had three rank eight immortal zombies.


 If Blazing Heaven Demoness forcefully attacked Snowy Mountain blessed land, with Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s battle strength, it was uncertain who would win.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness avoided that, she made use of Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s weakness, this made Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s life much more difficult.


 If he attacked, he would not be around to guard Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 The defending Gu Immortals only had rank seven cultivation level at the highest. Second leader Lady Wan Shou was skilled in refinement path, while third leader Fairy Li Shan cultivated information path, they both did not have high battle strength.


 If Old Ancestor Xue Hu went out to attack and was held up by an expert of the same rank, and Snowy Mountain blessed land was ransacked by the other rank eight immortal zombies, then that would turn him into the biggest laughing stock in Northern Plains!


 Especially that Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 She did not have limits to her conduct, back then, she even burned a nine heavens fragment world, making it a lose-lose situation for everyone.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land was only a blessed land that was pieced together, it had lower defense than normal blessed lands, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had to guard against her.


 Thus, even though Old Ancestor Xue Hu had incredible battle strength, against Zombie Alliance, he was at a disadvantage, he could not turn the situation around.


 Battle strength did not mean everything.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ experienced scheming made Old Ancestor Xue Hu suffer heavy losses, but he could not fight back effectively.


 Fang Yuan had no other choice but to be patient and focus his attention on refining exert strength Gu and disappointment Gu.


 The Fang Yuan stone nests that he built were already at quite the sizes.


 Large numbers of hairy man slaves were working non-stop, the number of exert strength Gu and disappointment Gu grew, but they were still far from the desired quantity.


 Even though Fang Yuan obtained those precious rank eight immortal materials, he did not sell them yet, he kept them for now.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was funding him in refining star thought Immortal Gu. Every month, Fang Yuan’s profits were used for refining Gu worms, feeding Immortal Gu, as well as developing Star Form blessed land.


 He purchased large amounts of cloud soil, ordering Star Form land spirit to arrange them.


 He wanted to build a giant three dimensional river system, using the ample space to cultivate star fragment grass.


 This had huge prospects.


 If it succeeded, the profits would not be lower than guts Gu.


 But the initial investment was huge, Fang Yuan could only develop it one step at a time.


 He wanted to deal with Hei Lou Lan, but that might expose his crimes. It was too easy for Hei Lou Lan to expose the truth, even though there was an alliance, she had Fairy Li Shan’s help if she wanted to breach the contract, she had a greater advantage than Fang Yuan.


 All along, Fang Yuan had been feeling anxious.


 The investigation of the Central Continent Gu Immortals could not be making zero progress.


 Perhaps tomorrow, Central Continent Gu Immortals would come and attack Hu Immortal blessed land.


 There was no way he could defend Hu Immortal blessed land, once it was lost, Star Form blessed land would be Fang Yuan’s only place to retreat to.


 As the saying goes, a sly rabbit makes three dens, not to mention the old demon Fang Yuan.


 On this day, Fang Yuan was activating the refinement path Gu formation, processing a certain immortal material.


 Inside his dead aperture, moving perspective cup Gu activated, bringing a letter from Fairy Li Shan.


 Fang Yuan felt this was strange, this letter was actually Fairy Li Shan approaching him.


 Opening it, it was a letter requesting for help.


 As it turned out, Fairy Li Shan found traces of Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng was the father of Hei Lou Lan, she wanted to take revenge for her mother, he was someone she had to kill.


 Fairy Li Shan’s letter asked Fang Yuan to come along and kill Hei Cheng!


 Hei Cheng’s circumstances were not good.


 As a person who held power in the super force, Hei tribe, he went missing for a long time (the hundred days battle), and by the time he reappeared, he was in a pathetic state, being hunted down secretly by Hei tribe itself.


 In fact, in order to save his life, Hei Cheng sacrificed the rank six Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.


 This was the symbol of strength in Hei tribe, it was also their trump card, he actually lost it.


 Even though Hei Cheng had great authority, in this situation, he would still be punished according to the rules of the tribe!


 The Immortal Gu House Dark Prison was not his, the core Immortal Gu that made up the Immortal Gu House came from the four supreme elders of Hei tribe. After the Central Continent Gu Immortals divided up Dark Prison, they brought the Immortal Gu back to their sects, one of the Immortal Gu had already been forcefully refined by a Central Continent Gu Immortal.


 Thus, the Hei tribe supreme elders learned about it, Hei Cheng had committed a huge mistake, he needed to be punished!


 Hei Cheng did not want to hand himself over.


 Before he participated in Shadow Sect’s activities, he had made an agreement with them, he could not expose any details regarding Shadow Sect.


 This alliance agreement had a strong restriction!


 Hei Cheng could not explain the matter to his tribe, he could only escape.


 Hei tribe was unwilling to let him go, the Immortal Gu House was extremely important, it affected their deterrence capability and strength, it had to be taken back.


 And Hei Cheng was the clue. 

 Thus, Hei tribe sent Gu Immortals to capture Hei Cheng.


 After both sides fought several times, Hei Cheng narrowly escaped. As the commotion got larger, Fairy Li Shan learned about it. She and Hei Lou Lan discussed it, they felt that now was the best time to take revenge, after Hei Cheng had been abandoned by his tribe.


 They needed to have greater numbers as assurance in killing a Gu Immortal.


 Thus, Fairy Li Shan immediately contacted Fang Yuan, before the alliance expired, they now had an excellent chance to make use of him!


 While it was true that the compensation that Fairy Li Shan gave was very profitable, Fang Yuan also had his own motives, this was a good opportunity.


 Hei Lou Lan had been staying hidden all this time, only during a chaotic battle could Fang Yuan find a chance to take action.



***
Chapter 941 - Third Battle With Hei Cheng


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Escape! Escape! Escape!


 A shadowy figure moved rapidly in the tall grass, like a flying snake.


 A moment later, the shadow vanished with a soft sound, and the flying stopped. Hei Cheng crashed into the grass nearby.


 A clear stream was flowing, right beside him.


 Hei Cheng breathed roughly, he was sprawled on the ground, not even having the strength to turn his body over.


 His current condition was terrible.


 His entire body was covered in wounds, some were deep until bones could be seen, some were still bleeding. Intense pain was assaulting him, but Hei Cheng was already used to it.


 These injuries were all created when he fought intensely with the pursuers from Hei tribe.


 If Hei tribe was not trying to capture Hei Cheng alive, with his current ability, there was no way he could have escaped so many times.


 “I am already at my limits, huh...” Hei Cheng felt grim internally, he gritted his teeth and tried to get up, seeing his reflection in the water, he smiled bitterly at himself.


 Originally, he was handsome and charming, having a gentlemanly disposition, but now his face was pale and his lips were green, his body was covered in blood while he escaped for his life.


 Suddenly, Hei Cheng’s pupils shrunk to pinpricks in size as he curled up his body, like a venomous snake that felt threatened.


 “Who is it?!” Hei Cheng’s eyes shined with a sharp light, he shouted at a nearby bush.


 At the next moment, with a loud bang, air currents burst out as the grass was uprooted, a large pathway was created.


 Hei Lou Lan wore a mask as she stepped forward.


 Her eerie and dark eyes were burning with flames of hatred that had been etched into her.


 “It is you!” Hei Cheng was shocked, he tried to stand up but his head was dizzy, his body shook intensely as he fell down helplessly.


 Thankfully, he did not collapse entirely, he managed to regain his balance but he was half squatting with tightened muscles, his expression was ruthless but he could not conceal the anxiety inside him.


 If he was captured by the Hei tribe Gu Immortals, he might still be able to live, even though that was unlikely.


 But if he ended up in the hands of Hei Lou Lan, Hei Cheng would be dead meat, his fate would be unthinkably miserable!


 “Hei Cheng, to think that you would end up like this!” Hei Lou Lan walked towards him, her body was straight like a spear, across a small river, she looked down at him arrogantly.


 Fate was unpredictable.


 Who would have thought that Hei Cheng would end up in such a state?


 Hei Lou Lan had never expected this!


 Thus, when the perfect opportunity for revenge was right in front of her, other than hatred and anger deep inside her, she also felt a trace of pity.


 The father and daughter stared at each other.


 Hatred, grudges, all of their emotions were present.


 For a moment, time seemed to have stopped.


 “Don’t look at me with that gaze!!!” Hei Cheng screamed, he struggled to get up.


 He could accept Hei Lou Lan’s anger and hatred, but he could not stand that trace of pity in her eyes.


 I, the great Hei Cheng, do not need anyone’s pity!


 Whoosh!


 A strong wind blew, the dark clouds in the sky moved as the surrounding grass swayed.


 Ripples appeared in the stream, as Fairy Li Shan’s voice was heard in the wind: “Nice wind, nice scenery, this nameless location is a good place for you to die, Hei Cheng.”


 Hei Cheng sneered, he could feel the hatred and killing intent in Fairy Li Shan’s words.


 He turned his head around with difficulty, looking at the surroundings: “A tiger without power gets bullied by dogs, isn’t there someone else? Why are you not coming out?”


 Fang Yuan quietly concealed himself nearby, he did not move and leaked no aura, as if he could not hear Hei Cheng’s words.


 “You, a tiger? You are just a dog who is struggling to survive on the verge of death. Thieving dog, prepare to lose your life!” Hei Lou Lan no longer concealed the anger inside her, she took a big step and sent out a punch.


 In an instant, there was an explosion in the air as the air currents created from her punch burst out.


 Fang Yuan’s mood was stirred, he felt a strong desire: “This is only a mortal killer move, but with the amplification of the Great Strength True Martial Physique’s strength path dao marks, its power could actually reach such a level.”


 Before this punch landed on Hei Cheng, the latter already felt an intense feeling of stiflement.


 An immeasurable sense of danger filled him.


 If this punch landed, Hei Cheng would die on the spot!


 Escape!


 Hei Cheng gritted his teeth, activating countless Gu worms.


 With a swoosh, he turned into a dark shadowy snake again, escaping towards the left side.


 Hei Lou Lan’s punch missed, she quickly chased him.


 But Hei Cheng was very fast, in a few breaths of time, Hei Lou Lan was already dozens of meters behind.


 In fact, even though Hei Cheng lost the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, he still had Immortal Gu Dark Arrow.


 During the hundred days battle, in order to raise Hei Cheng’s strength, Shadow Sect designed a set of immortal killer moves for him.


 This set of immortal killer moves used dark arrow Immortal Gu as the core, right now, the dark snake that Hei Cheng had transformed into to escape was one of these immortal killer moves.


 “Hei Cheng, stay here.” Fairy Li Shan took action, the surrounding grass grew wildly as flowers grew out of nowhere.


 Battlefield killer move — Pear Orchard!


 Hei Cheng’s body froze, but he immediately broke out of the pear orchard and moved west to escape.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Countless strength path phantoms emerged from the tall grass, blocking Hei Cheng.


 Fang Yuan had not exposed the identity of Xing Xiang Zi to Hei Lou Lan or Fairy Li Shan, right now he was using his strength path battle strength.


 Fang Yuan secretly used his wisdom path techniques and deduced three possible escape paths, he quietly assigned his strength path phantoms to those areas in order to ambush him.


 While escaping, Hei Cheng accidentally went towards one of them, and was stalled by Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms.


 Even so, Hei Lou Lan was still a distance from Hei Cheng.


 Seeing that Hei Cheng was about to escape, Fairy Li Shan transmitted to Fang Yuan anxiously: “Quickly stop him!”


 Fang Yuan immediately showed his true form, using the true solid bat wings on his back to fly towards Hei Cheng.


 Fairy Li Shan frowned deeply, she could tell, with Fang Yuan’s speed, he could not obstruct Hei Cheng.


 In truth, Fang Yuan was not planning to stop Hei Cheng either.


 Earlier, he had fought with Hei Cheng, but times were different now.


 Hei Cheng was Hei Lou Lan’s weakness, as long as he was alive, he would be able to use Hei Cheng in order to scheme against Hei Lou Lan.


 Fang Yuan had originally wanted to use this chance to see if he could capture Hei Lou Lan.


 But after seeing Hei Cheng’s severe injuries, he knew the chances were close to zero.


 If it were possible, Fang Yuan would rather let Hei Cheng go and let him escape.


 But because of the alliance agreement, he could not go overboard.


 Hei Cheng got rid of the obstacles, he gave Fang Yuan a look as he sneered: “You finally came out? It is a pity you cannot catch me!”


 Saying so, he was about to use his immortal killer move to escape from this place.


 But right at this moment, the cry of an eagle resounded and almost tore his eardrums.


 A giant iron crown eagle phantom appeared behind Fang Yuan!


 His iron crown eagle strength activated, as Fang Yuan’s speed rose, he flew at lightning speed, closing the gap between him and Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng was shocked, he did not dare to slow down, he quickly escaped.


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 Even though he had the rank six Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu, it was still a rank five mortal Gu now. Fang Yuan’s iron crown eagle strength was obtained from an Immortal Gu, it could only be triggered with certain probabilities.


 In the previous battles, it had never been triggered, but today, when he did not want it to activate, it did.


 “It seems that it was inappropriate to use time assist luck right before this to raise my luck! If I had known that Hei Cheng would be in such a condition, I would have realized that it was impossible to execute my plan.”


 Fang Yuan sighed, his body was like an eagle, pouncing at Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng was slippery as a snake, he moved around in the grass as a dark snake, changing many directions, even though Fang Yuan attacked many times, he narrowly escaped each time.


 But Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan were no longer anxious, they were excited.


 With Fang Yuan’s interference, Hei Cheng could no longer escape. In a few breaths of time, Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan got close to them.


 Eventually, the three of them encircled Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng’s expression was dark and ominous, he screamed with messy hair all over his face: “You want me dead? Don’t think you will leave unscathed!”


 An intense battle erupted.


 Rumble...


 Thunderous sounds exploded, darkness shot out, flowers were flying, strength qi rampaged, the soil on the ground was sent flying.


 Without any doubt, Hei Cheng was heavily suppressed, Fang Yuan’s group held the advantage.


 “It is a pity that I can only hold back on ten to twenty percent of my strength, that is the limit. If I hold back any more, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan would realize it, they would be suspicious towards me and lose trust.”


 Seeing that this excellent pawn in Hei Cheng was about to die, Fang Yuan felt some regret.


 Including this time, Fang Yuan had already fought against Hei Cheng three times.


 Fang Yuan and the others did not have much of an increase in battle strength compared to the previous time.


 But Hei Cheng’s condition was too terrible, he had experienced the hundred days battle and the immortal essence that he accumulated over all his life was expended. These last days, he had been escaping and fighting intensely with Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 Thus at this moment, under the attacks of Fang Yuan and the rest, Hei Cheng suffered another severe injury, he spat out blood and was about to lose.


 “Stop!”


 Suddenly, an angry shout could be heard in the sky.


 A blinding green light filled the entire battlefield.


 Space tore open as a green hand grabbed at Hei Cheng imposingly.


 Fang Yuan and the others reacted quickly, but the green hand could affect time, it grabbed Hei Cheng before anyone could react.


 “Green City Rampage!” Hei Cheng could not move, he screamed while being captured.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others rapidly retreated.


 Green City Rampage was a powerful battle formation of the Olden Antiquity Era, at that time it was ranked at third in the world, only lower than Golden Heavenly Saint and Heavenly Giant Solor.


 The fact that Hei tribe was in control of Green City Rampage was known to everyone in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 At this moment, with the appearance of Green City Rampage, it meant that the four strongest supreme elders of the super force Hei tribe had arrived together.


 “We of Hei tribe will deal with our own Hei tribe members, how can we allow you to kill him casually?”


 “Hei Lou Lan, the tribe nurtured you, but you betrayed us and went to the demonic path, you are guilty of the most heinous crimes, surrender now!”


 At the next moment, a green giant tore through space, standing on the ground.


 A mysterious light shot out of its forehead, towards Hei Lou Lan.


 At that moment, Hei Lou Lan was unable to move!


 Strength path giant hand!


 Fang Yuan rapidly retreated as he used his rank seven battle strength.


 Boom!


 With an intense collision, strength path giant hand collided with the green hand, and the strength path giant hand disintegrated immediately.


 “Pitiful trick!” The green giant laughed coldly.


 But at the next moment, a fire bird crashed into the green giant’s chest out of nowhere.


 Boom!


 With an intense explosion, the green giant was sent back, almost falling onto the ground.


 “Blazing Heaven Demoness?!” The four supreme elders of Hei tribe shouted with shock and anger on their faces inside the green giant.


 Angry bird, this was a signature killer move of Blazing Heaven Demoness, it was widely known among Gu Immortals of Northern Plains.


 At this time and place, why was Blazing Heaven Demoness here?


 Be it the Hei tribe Gu Immortals or Fang Yuan, they were asking the same question.



***
Chapter 942 - Little Aunt, Elder Aunt


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Her rank eight aura was unconcealed, emanating freely.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was bathed in flames, she crossed her arms and stood arrogantly in the air.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness shouted loudly: “Hei tribe elders, this ancient battle formation Green City Rampage of yours is so incomplete, you have the face to use it? A hundred years ago, in order to use this battle formation, you were forced to stay together at a distance of no more than three meters between each other. This time, you came here together, who is guarding the blessed land that is your main camp?”


 The green giant gazed at Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 An elderly voice came out of the green giant’s body: “Blazing Heaven Demoness! Since you know that this is the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage, you should know that its power rivals that of rank eights. Hei Lou Lan and Hei Cheng are members of Hei tribe, this is an internal family matter of ours, as an outsider, you should not interfere. Don’t forget that Zombie Alliance is in the righteous path. As the leader of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, you have significant responsibilities, do be careful.”


 Immediately after, another voice said: “Blazing Heaven Demoness, aren’t you going to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu? Why are you here to join in the chaos?”


 “Join in the chaos? Hahahahaha...” Blazing Heaven Demoness raised her head and laughed.


 Fairy Li Shan spoke at this moment, she continued: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s matter is none of your concern, elders of Hei tribe. Furthermore... you said this is your family matter, don’t tell me it isn’t our own family matter?”


 “What do you mean?” Inside the green giant’s body, the four elders of Hei tribe asked with shocked voices.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan felt an intense feeling that something was not right.


 “Big sister!” Fairy Li Shan called out.


 There was tacit understanding between siblings, there was no need to communicate too much in words.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness stopped laughed, her gaze was like lightning as she flew towards the green giant.


 On the green giant’s body, a lump of fire burned out of nowhere, in an instant, it turned into a blazing flame and engulfed the entire green giant.


 Soon, the hill-like green giant became an orange pillar of fire.


 Immortal killer move — Fire Prison!


 In the burning flames, the green giant could barely move, it was as if it had fallen into a puddle of sticky black oil.


 The four elders who assembled the green giant were shocked.


 “When did we get hit by it?”


 “This killer move’s power is so immense! Even our Green City Rampage cannot break free for the time being.”


 “Most importantly, there were no hints of it being used, we cannot defend against it!”


 But the four elders had rich battle experience, they were only shocked for a few breaths of time before they understood.


 They remembered the attack earlier — angry bird had crashed into the green giant’s chest.


 Meanwhile, fire prison started burning at the green giant’s chest.


 This was a combo immortal killer move!


 So-called combo immortal killer moves were the usage of two or more immortal killer moves one after another, they would have stronger power, having synergy between them.


 Angry bird, fire prison, these two immortal killer moves formed a combo immortal killer move.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness first used angry bird to attack the green giant, she next used fire prison to trap Green City Rampage with an incredibly powerful effect.


 If a long time had passed, or if she had activated fire prison first, Blazing Heaven Demoness would have to spend time in activating the move, during that period, the four elders of Hei tribe would be able to dodge, fire prison’s power would not be as great as now.


 The reason was very simple.


 It was due to dao marks.


 Immortal killer moves used Immortal Gu as the core to activate powerful methods.


 The power was great because they formed temporary dao marks.


 When angry bird crashed into the green giant’s chest, temporary fire path dao marks were left behind. Blazing Heaven Demoness used these fire path dao marks as the basis to unleash fire prison, elevating its power and temporarily trapping the green giant.


 “To be able to design a combo immortal killer move, her attainment level must be great grandmaster! So Blazing Heaven Demoness’ fire path attainment level has already reached such a level.” Fang Yuan’s heart was shaking.


 Fire path great grandmaster!


 This attainment level was not something ordinary Gu Immortals could reach.


 Roar—!


 The green giant roared loudly, large amounts of green fog spewed out of its body.


 Wherever the green fog went, fire was put out.


 Evidently, this mysterious green fog was a powerful immortal killer move.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ combo immortal killer move did not even last for ten breaths of time before it completely disintegrated.


 But they still lost some precious time.


 During this period, Fairy Li Shan had already finished preparing, she used her trump card.


 Battlefield immortal killer move — Orchard Garden in Mountain!


 The earth rumbled intensely.


 Rumble...


 In the blink of an eye, waves of terrifying tremors erupted deep underground.


 The surface started to rise, the terrain changed swiftly.


 The flat grassland had turned into a mound.


 Soon, this mound rose rapidly, becoming taller. On the two sides of the mountain, there were evident ridges forming.


 Eventually, the mountain stopped rising, a chain of mountains encircled the green giant in all directions.


 The tremors of the earth finally stopped.


 The terrain of over a thousand li had completely changed because of Fairy Li Shan’s battlefield immortal killer move.


 Achieving such incredible effects, it was truly breathtaking!


 A chain of mountains surrounded the green giant in the center, it was like a giant bowl or a prison, blocking their escape route.


 At this moment, the green giant was like trapped prey.


 Fang Yuan’s heart pounded, even though he knew that Fairy Li Shan had such a trump card, seeing this effect, he still felt some surprise.


 In his previous life, when Fairy Li Shan used this move, the power was not as great. Why did it become so powerful now?


 “Don’t tell me, it is because of Miniscule Mountain?” Fang Yuan had a guess.


 “That should be it. Fairy Li Shan’s orchard garden in mountain is like myriad star fireflies, it has incredible power when used, but the price should be equally big. Each time it is used, dao marks in the Gu Immortal will be expended permanently. Thus, in records of history, Fairy Li Shan did not use this battlefield immortal killer move very often.”


 Or in other words, this was a last resort technique.


 A forbidden move.


 If it was used frequently, one’s own foundation and cultivation level would fall drastically.


 Miniscule Mountain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was recorded in >, the mountain itself had a large number of dao marks. Fairy Li Shan placed it inside her own immortal aperture, the dao marks of Miniscule Mountain became her own foundation, she could use and expend them.


 Thus, orchard garden in mountain’s power became so terrifying, far beyond Fang Yuan’s knowledge based on his previous life.


 The four elders of Hei tribe were rank seven Gu Immortals, the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage that they created was ranked at third in the world. But using Miniscule Mountain, Fairy Li Shan used orchard garden in mountain and temporarily trapped the rank eight level green giant, controlling the situation.


 Fang Yuan and the others were floating in the air, looking down.


 The green giant was huge, but the mountains surrounding it were taller.


 Fairy Li Shan had stopped her activation, she no longer controlled it.


 But the transformation of orchard garden in mountain still continued.


 In the valley of the mountains, vegetation grew rapidly, countless pear trees grew, the branches were like vines entangling with each other, extending rapidly.


 At the same time, pear blossoms bloomed, they floated in the air, slowly descending like snow.


 Behind the green giant, a pair of thick and huge green wings appeared.


 One of the four Hei tribe elders was skilled in transformation path, thus, the green giant could have such a transformation.


 This was the specialty of an ancient battle formation.


 Once an Immortal Gu House was created, the methods would be fixed. But ancient battle formations had different abilities according to the Gu Immortals using it, as well as their various methods in fighting.


 The four elders of Hei tribe wanted to fly out of the cage, but countless vines were coiled onto the legs of the green giant.


 “Hmph!” The green giant snorted, the color of its body changed.


 It was as if fire was burning deep inside its body. Its green color, like that of moss, had turned into a dark red color.


 Dark path and fire path — dual immortal killer move — Dark Ember!


 Boom!


 An intense explosion resounded, it could cause eardrums to vibrate.


 A dark red translucent shock wave burst out of the green giant’s body, spreading rapidly.


 Everywhere the shock wave went, the entangled vines burned like paper, becoming ash.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 With three shock waves emitted by the green giant, obstacles were swept away.


 At once, dust rose like clouds, the earth trembled, countless rocks fell.


 The powerful and terrifying aura made Fairy Li Shan take a small step back in reflex.


 Hei Lou Lan was seemingly unaware of this, her eyes were staring at one of the green giant’s hands. Inside this hand, her father, Hei Cheng, was held inside.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, but his heart sank.


 He was starting to understand the situation.


 Evidently, Fairy Li Shan, Hei Lou Lan, and Blazing Heaven Demoness were in cahoots.


 Today, this situation was created by them to kill Hei Cheng, but at the same time, they were targeting Fang Yuan.


 “I was scheming against Hei Lou Lan, but to think they would move against me first!” Fang Yuan looked towards Blazing Heaven Demoness, before today, he had not expected the leader of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance to be so closely related to Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness sensed Fang Yuan’s gaze and gave him a look that was seemingly smiling.


 Fang Yuan snorted internally, he turned his gaze away.


 He was in grave danger now!


 If he wanted to escape, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan would only bring him disturbance, but Blazing Heaven Demoness was a barrier that he could not pass!


 Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, Blazing Heaven Demoness surely knew about it.


 “But now is not the time to act rashly. Since they have not attacked me yet, we can still talk it out. Even if I escape, it is pointless. I have joined Zombie Alliance, and Blazing Heaven Demoness is the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch. Furthermore, Fairy Li Shan is an information path Gu Immortal...”


 It was laughable that previously, Fang Yuan was asking Fairy Li Shan for the method to leave Zombie Alliance.


 “This means that my identity as Xing Xiang Zi has already been exposed. Hei Lou Lan is astute, since she knows I have star path cultivation, she would also know that I have already obtained Star Form blessed land!”


 “Hei Lou Lan called Fairy Li Shan little aunt, I thought this was just an affectionate term, for example, little brother. To think that with a little aunt, she also had an elder aunt. And to think that Hei Lou Lan’s elder aunt was such a formidable person!”



***
Chapter 943 - Afraid of Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was actually Hei Lou Lan’s elder aunt, Fang Yuan did not expect this.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength was rank seven at best.


 Against Hei Lou Lan, he had an advantage, but the other party had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, he needed to be wary of her last resort attack.


 Against Fairy Li Shan, he was at most only evenly matched. Fang Yuan would be in a disadvantage the moment she used her battlefield immortal killer move, he could not give her enough time to use it.


 As for Blazing Heaven Demoness, he was extremely pitiful in comparison, it was despair-inducing. Even though Fang Yuan had many Immortal Gu, with his bottom tier rank six cultivation level, there was no way he could fight against a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Even a rank seven Gu Immortal could not match a rank eight Gu Immortal. Feng Jiu Ge was an exception, in the last thousand years of Central Continent’s history, he was the only one.


 It was virtually impossible for Fang Yuan to deal with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 The other party was simply too powerful, Fang Yuan was at a weaker position with an absolute disadvantage.


 ‘Right now, the only thing that I can rely on is the alliance agreement I made with Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan previously. Allies are not allowed to kill each other.’


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly to himself internally.


 Earlier, he was finding this agreement restricting to his actions, but now he had to rely on it to survive.


 ‘However, Fairy Li Shan is an information path Gu Immortal, this agreement might not be reliable. Blazing Heaven Demoness can completely suppress me using battle strength, but she has not struck yet. If Fairy Li Shan wants to kill me, she would not create this situation either. Also, Blazing Heaven Demoness knows my true identity, why did she help me in refining star thought Immortal Gu? This means that they are not going after my life, they have other objectives.’


 As for what their objectives were, Fang Yuan had a vague idea.


 The conclusion was, right now, Fang Yuan was not in any mortal danger. This was also the reason why he was continuing to watch and not trying to escape.


 Just as Fang Yuan was thinking over his own safety, the green giant that was trapped by orchard garden in mountain roared as it raised its head.


 After several uses of the killer move dark ember, most of the pear trees in the valley were burned to ashes, but they continued to grow from the ground, extending towards the green giant even though it would take some time to trap it again.


 Using this chance, two more pairs of giant green wings appeared on the green giant’s back again.


 At the same time, the green giant’s appearance underwent a change, its large head turned into that of an eagle’s, its entire body became slimmer and longer, its arms and legs turned into sharp five fingered claws.


 Whoosh!


 Its three pairs of wings flapped together, at the same time, the green giant’s knees bent slightly, it jumped and burst into the sky.


 The ground trembled, a huge crater was formed from the impact.


 Dust clouds rose and mixed with the huge amounts of ashes.


 This time, the green giant was not restricted by the vines, but the moment it flew into the sky, the four elders of Hei tribe felt a strong suction force, it was pulling onto the giant, preventing the green giant from flying far away from it.


 “This is?” The four elders of Hei tribe showed stunned expressions one after another.


 Every several meters the green giant rose into the sky, the strength of the huge pulling force increased by ten times as much!


 Gradually, the green giant was unable to resist it anymore.


 No matter how much the three wings flapped, the giant’s speed became slower and slower, eventually, it slowed to a crawl, resembling a snail.


 After reaching its limits, it was only thirty meters away from the ground.


 Boom!


 With another loud bang, the green giant crashed into the ground.


 The four elders of Hei tribe were silent.


 There was no need to say anything, anyone could guess the result, their faces were completely ashen now.


 This was the true power of orchard garden in mountain.


 Fairy Li Shan cultivated information path mainly, and secondarily in wood path and earth path. Orchard garden in mountain was a battlefield killer move that was formed by combining earth path and wood path, the pear blossoms were like snow, the vines coiled around the target, these were just wood path techniques. The force of gravity that pulled it down was the aspect of earth path.


 Of course, this was also due to Fairy Li Shan using the power of Miniscule Mountain inside her.


 Otherwise, if she used the original version of orchard garden in mountain that was based on her own strength, the green giant might have broken out of it already.


 This was an ancient battle formation, Green City Rampage, even though it was incomplete, there were four rank seven Gu Immortals inside the battle formation, they could fight against a rank eight when unified.


 The green giant could not break out, it landed on the ground. In the valley, countless vines coiled around it again like tough snakes, the green giant was restricted again.


 At this time, there was a sharp sound of wind as explosions occurred in the air, the sound was so loud eardrums could almost burst.


 Three angry birds fused in the air, turning into a fire phoenix that was neither big nor small.


 The phoenix sang loudly, its wings flapped, it was extremely fast, it drew a beautiful rainbow arc in the sky, crashing into the green giant’s arm and vanishing completely.


 The green giant displayed an incredibly powerful defense, merely a deep hole was created from the explosion on its arm.


 Next, waves of green fog circulated around it, as the deep hole closed up, it was like liquid metal, rapidly mending.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness’ attacks did not stop for even a moment.


 She stood arrogantly in the air, she slowly pointed her arm towards the green giant that was below her, her arm made a slashing motion from up to down!


 Fire path killer move — Phoenix Feather Triple Wing Blade!


 Three waves of flames formed instantly. They resembled the feathers of the phoenix, they were curved but extremely sharp like sickles.


 Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!


 Three fire blades tore through the air, burning intensely as huge winds started blowing as a result of the movement.


 Three blades launched one after another, hitting the same place consecutively.


 Together with the angry bird earlier, this achieved another combo move effect, the green giant’s arm was chopped off by these three blades.


 The four elders of Hei tribe growled furiously, but it was too late for them to stop her.


 The green giant’s body was formed from the ancient battle formation, after the arm was detached from the body, it was as if the Gu formation itself had lost a portion of itself. Losing the immortal essence supply from the four elders, the arm quickly vanished into nothingness, as countless Gu worm flew out rapidly towards the green giant.


 Hei Cheng who was captured earlier lost his restraint, he quickly fell.


 The green giant tried to grab him, but Blazing Heaven Demoness stopped it.


 Hei Cheng tried to escape, but times were different now, he was inside orchard garden in mountain, almost immediately, countless vines and roots tied him up tightly, sending him out into the hands of Fairy Li Shan.


 “Let him go!” The four elders of Hei tribe flew into a rage.


 Countless dark ember killer moves were used consecutively. Marks of dragons appeared on the green giant’s chest and back, it was like they were emerging from a body of water, they turned into green dragons and flew around the area.


 This was the signature killer move of Hei tribe’s first supreme elder — Nine Dragon Body Protection!


 It could both attack and defend, under the amplification of the ancient battle formation, it displayed incredibly terrifying power!


 At once, nine dragons flew around, they were unstoppable.


 Mountain ridges collapsed, pear blossoms wilted, plants and trees were sent flying.


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression changed: “Hurry up, I cannot hold on much longer!”


 The green giant unleashed its full battle strength, it was already very difficult for orchard garden in mountain to trap it until now.


 “Go!” Blazing Heaven Demoness moved without hesitation, she shot out a long chain of fire, grabbing onto Fairy Li Shan, Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan, and Hei Cheng.


 Soon after, she used her killer move, turning into a rainbow, dragging everyone into the air along with her.


 At the moment where he was trapped by the chain of fire, Fang Yuan subconsciously wanted to resist it, but he held in that instinct eventually.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ speed was extremely fast, in the blink of an eye, she vanished with everyone into the horizon.


 Ten breaths of time later, orchard garden in mountain was completely destroyed, the terrifying collapse of mountains ravaged the battlefield.


 The green giant successfully flew into the air, it roared and caused tremors in the sky and earth.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ movement killer move was extremely fast, it would take a lot of effort for the four elders of Hei tribe to catch up to her.


 Even if they caught up, it would be hard to decide a winner among them.


 But it was too late now, the four elders of Hei tribe had to chase her. Hei Cheng had been the representative of the four supreme elders, he had settled Hei tribe’s affairs for so many years, he knew a lot of secrets.


 Furthermore, as a super force, their own Gu Immortal was kidnapped by others, the four elders of Hei tribe had lost all of their face, if they did not stop Blazing Heaven Demoness, they would not be able to raise their heads in front of the other super forces, or even any of the righteous path or demonic path forces.


 Hei tribe’s Immortal Gu House Dark Prison was lost, and Hei Cheng got captured, Hei tribe’s reputation was going to plummet.


 As the saying goes, everyone kicks a man who is down, with Hei tribe being so weak now, all the other forces would try to suppress them, they would also be forced to give up a lot of the cultivation resources that they were holding onto in Northern Plains.


 Green City Rampage was an ancient battle formation, the four supreme elders of Hei tribe had no lack of movement killer moves. Once they activated their moves together, their speed would be several times that of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 But just as the green giant was about to chase her, a latter for emergency support appeared beside the four elders of Hei tribe.


 “What? Our blessed land base has been infiltrated by someone secretly and most of our resources were stolen, we have suffered great losses!”


 “The Hei tribe Gu Immortals guarding the place are all heavily injured!”


 “The invader is extremely powerful, they have undeniable rank eight aura!”


 The four elders of Hei tribe were shocked and furious.


 This was most definitely a plot.


 “Right now, Northern Plains Zombie Alliance has three rank eights including Blazing Heaven Demoness.”


 “Damn it! Our base cannot be lost, the defense of a blessed land assembled with bits and pieces is not enough.”


 “We have all fallen into Blazing Heaven Demoness’ scheme. Go! We have to go back and defend it.”


 The green giant roared loudly, both of its arms raised up and pulled, causing a gigantic dark hole to appear in the space in front of it.


 The green giant flew into the dark hole and vanished, leaving behind only the ravaged battlefield which was completely in ruins.


 “Hei tribe did not pursue us, we are safe now.” Blazing Heaven Demoness landed on the ground with everyone.


 The chain of fire that restricted everyone was collected by her.


 Next, she waved her hand casually and the surrounding ten li were covered by a layer of dark red barriers.


 The battle was now over, but Fang Yuan was more alert than before.


 He moved his shoulders and arms, saying calmly to Fairy Li Shan: “So you are all family, you have truly kept me in the dark.”


 “The same goes for you.” Fairy Li Shan smiled with deep meaning.


 It was obvious that she had already known that Fang Yuan obtained Star Form blessed land and disguised himself as Xing Xiang Zi.


 “Spare me! Spare my life! I am willing to become your subordinate, I am willing to serve you faithfully, it will be better for you if you keep me alive!” Hei Cheng struggled to get up, his face was filled with anxiety as he shouted continuously.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had taken away the parts of the chain of fire restricting everyone else, but Hei Cheng alone was still bound up tightly.


 Not only did the situation develop beyond Fang Yuan’s expectations, it was also completely out of Hei Cheng’s expectations.


 Fairy Li Shan stared with furious eyes as she pointed at Hei Cheng and scolded: “Dog thief, my little sister loved you so much, yet you took her life away. But that was not enough for you, you even wanted to lay your hands on your own daughter!”


 Hei Cheng directly knelt on the ground, he raised his head and begged: “I am willing to be your dog or horse, I am willing to tell you all of the secrets of Hei tribe! Including the time path inheritance of our rank eight ancestor Hei Fan. Didn’t Su Xian Er get close to me because of this inheritance? Don’t you all want this inheritance! I will tell you everything that I know, I will not conceal any secrets!”


 But Fairy Li Shan was completely unmoved, as Hei Cheng turned towards Blazing Heaven Demoness: “I did not have any intentions to offend you! Back then, if I had found out that you were behind Su Xian Er, I would not have taken her life! This is all a misunderstanding, this is all just a misunderstanding!!”


 Hei tribe was a super force, they have an inheritance from long ago, their ancestor was obviously very powerful.


 During the generation when Hei Fan was the one in power, Hei tribe had a rank eight Gu Immortal, they were one of the stronger super forces in Northern Plains.


 But his lifespan was limited, after Hei Fan died, Hei tribe slowly became weaker, while some of the other super forces rose up.


 This was normal in the world of Gu Immortals. The saying goes, upturns and downturns were just like the ebb and flow of tides, if one falls, another rises.


 Hei Cheng continue to beg unceasingly.


 He knew that this was the only way he could possibly survive.


 Facing the rank eight Blazing Heaven Demoness, and Hei Lou Lan who bore a deep and unresolvable hatred towards him, he could not threaten them using Hei tribe itself. Thankfully, Hei Fan had an inheritance, and Hei tribe was unable to inherit it. The inheritance of a rank eight Gu Immortal was extremely attractive to any Gu Immortal out there.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness snickered, she looked at Hei Lou Lan and spoke with a gentle tone: “Your life is not mine, whether you can survive or not, only Little Lan can decide. Little Lan, go ahead, I have already restricted Hei Cheng, he is now as fragile as a mortal.”


 “Little Lan, Little Lan, listen to me!” Hei Cheng knelt on the ground, he rubbed his knees against the ground as he crawled towards Hei Lou Lan in a frenzy.


 “You are my daughter, I am your father. you have the blood of Hei tribe flowing in you, you have a huge advantage in inheriting Hei Fan’s inheritance. If your mother was alive, she would not want to see you and I in such conflict, right? If you mother was here, she would definitely be extremely happy to see you inherit Hei Fan’s inheritance. Also, also! You have one of the ten extreme physiques, you were able to live until now because I asked Jiang Yu to protect your life, that is an undeniable fact!”


 Hei Lou Lan looked at Hei Cheng, seeing his frightened and panicking face, she frowned, showing an expression of deep disgust and hatred.


 Next, she kicked Hei Cheng away ruthlessly.


 “I will only ask you one question!” Hei Lou Lan’s expression was cold as ice.


 “Ask, please ask! I will tell you everything that I know!” Hei Cheng could almost see a chance of survival.


 Hei Lou Lan breathed in deeply, her eyes were red and her voice was trembling: “Mother loved you so much, she trusted you completely, actually, she knew that you were going to harm her long ago, but she believed that you would realize your mistake and stop your actions because of love. Facing someone who loved you so deeply, how could you have the heart to end her life?”


 Hei Cheng was stunned.


 He was originally tied up tightly on the ground, and was using his arm to prop his body, trying hard to sit up.


 But he was completely stumped by Hei Lou Lan’s question.


 At this moment, he seemed to have turned into a statue.


 A gust of wind blew, Hei Cheng’s messy and muddy hair was blown up, his eyes were red as the loving memories of him and Su Xian Er surfaced in his mind.


 Regret, pain, sadness, all sorts of emotions filled his heart.


 He started choking, before wailing.


 “I, of course I knew that your mother loved me... but, but, but I was afraid of dying... I was afraid of dying! Sob, sob, sob...”


 After answering her question, Hei Cheng no longer had the strength to support his body, he collapsed on the ground.


 He was like an old dog, or a rotting prawn, his body was curled up as he wept in the dirty mud.


 His mucus and tears were mixed together, flowing down his face.


 His silk robe was tattered beyond repair, his body was covered in blood.


 His handsome face and former glory was like a dried up mask made of mud. When facing the prospects of death, this mask disintegrated and vanished.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others fell into deep silence.


 The scene was completely quiet.


 Except for the wind that was blowing, and Hei Cheng’s continuous soft weeping.


 Hei Cheng’s display made everyone around feel a deep sensation.


 Death was truly a terrifying thing.


 Facing death, even an invincible rank nine venerable was fragile beyond belief.


 Eternal life.


 Was it possible?


 Fang Yuan only knew: From ancient times until the present, nobody had reached such a stage.


 “Let him go.” At this moment, a lump of emotion came out of Hei Lou Lan’s body, turning into a translucent figure of a female immortal’s body.


 ‘Su Xian Er, the mother of Hei Lou Lan.’ Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered.


 In the past, before Su Xian Er died, she had given Hei Lou Lan a sum of immortal essence, as well as this familial emotion.


 It was because of the familial emotion and immortal essence that Hei Lou Lan could activate Immortal Gu while she was still a mortal.


 “Little sister!” Seeing this familial emotion, Fairy Li Shan could not help but have tears fall from her eyes.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ eyes were turning red, she showed an extremely guilty expression full of regret.


 Hei Lou Lan lowered her head, she looked at Hei Cheng calmly, seemingly in deep thought.


 Su Xian Er’s figure floated towards Hei Lou Lan, she stretched out her hand behind Hei Lou Lan, hugging her beloved daughter as she consoled her gently: “Let him go, you see how pitiful he is now. After killing me, he was already living a life of misery and regret, is he really happy to be alive now? No, he is barely scraping through life, he lives in terror, he lives in guilt, he is drifting without purpose, only living due to his fear, even though he is alive, he had already died long ago.”


 “Let him go, that is also the same as letting yourself off. Little Lan, do not live in a world of hatred, do not live in the past, you need to lead your own life. Don’t bear the sin of killing your own father, it is a very heavy burden. Trust me, revenge will not lead you to salvation, but destruction instead. I want you to live a better life!”


 “Mother, I know that you are saying that for my sake.” Hei Lou Lan said as she walked towards Hei Cheng.


 Suddenly, she raised her leg.


 And she stomped!


 Like what Blazing Heaven Demoness had said, Hei Cheng was currently as fragile as a mortal.


 So under Hei Lou Lan’s feet, his head was like a watermelon that burst, blood matter, blood, his skull, and teeth were all mixed together in a pile.


 The high and mighty Hei Cheng, a rank seven Gu Immortal, a generation’s hero, had died.


 Su Xian Er’s familial emotion was dazed.


 Next, she saw that Hei Lou Lan turned around, facing her: “There is nothing I cannot bear, mother! It is like in the past, when you knew the situation but still let him have his way, I have my own resolution as well. Will this lead me on the path of destruction? Hmph, I am not so fragile.”


 “Little Lan.” Fairy Li Shan took a step forward, holding Hei Lou Lan’s hand with much worry.


 “Little Lan...” Blazing Heaven Demoness muttered softly, she wanted to take a step towards Hei Lou Lan, but she did not do so eventually.


 ‘So it’s like this, I think I understand now.’ Fang Yuan had been observing all of their expressions this entire time.



***
Chapter 944 - The Greatest Fear is Fear Itself


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 Mountains stood tall, fog was thick, in a deep area of the bamboo forest, a waterfall resembled a clear veil as it hung in the air and fell downwards.


 Feng Jin Huang sat silently on the branch of a pine tree, she quietly looked at the waterfall as her tears fell.


 During this period of time, the Central Continent Gu Immortals who were sent to investigate Northern Plains had already returned.


 But there was no news of Feng Jiu Ge.


 From Feng Jin Huang’s perspective, her father was missing without a trace in another region, it was likely that he had already died.


 These last days, Feng Jin Huang did not have the appetite to eat or mood to cultivate, her face was drenched in tears as she became thinner.


 Life and death.


 These were heavy words, they attacked Feng Jin Huang’s fragile heart at an unexpected timing.


 It was not that Feng Jin Huang had never seen someone die.


 But when it came to her own family, facing this situation, she lost all of the composure and calmness that she had.


 But she was still hanging on staunchly.


 The nightmare did not defeat her, she only cried secretly at a place without any other person.


 On the surface, she was still cultivating as usual, but she had no idea what the content of her cultivation for the last few days was.


 A figure appeared behind Feng Jin Huang silently, out of thin air.


 “Daughter.” She heard a familiar voice.


 Feng Jin Huang turned around, the person was her mother, Fairy Bai Qing.


 “Mother!” Feng Jin Huang could not hold it in anymore, she went into Fairy Bai Qing’s embrace as she cried her lungs out.


 Fairy Bai Qing consoled her for a long time before Feng Jin Huang stopped crying.


 “Mother, father is so powerful, he must be alright now, am I right?” Feng Jin Huang raised her head as she looked at her mother with a hopeful expression.


 But Fairy Bai Qing did not directly console her in this matter, she shook her head: “Even the invincible rank nine Gu Immortals die one day, not to mention your father. Peopleir must die eventually, Huang Er, stop crying, let mother tell you a story.”


 This was a story in >.


 Legend says that Ren Zu tried to rely on the capabilities of the feathermen to save his daughter, who was still stuck inside ordinary abyss.


 However, the feathermen wanted freedom, they did not want to be restricted.


 Ren Zu thought of a scheme, but he failed, the feathermen would rather die than compromise their freedom.


 Ren Zu fell into deep perplexity.


 He could not find a better way to save his children.


 The same situation applied to his eldest son, Verdant Great Sun, and also his daughter, Boundless Forest Samsara.


 At this time, self Gu spoke in Ren Zu’s heart: “Oh human, you want to save your son, Verdant Great Sun, I have a method.”


 Ren Zu thought that he had to save at least one of them, he quickly asked: “Oh? What method?”


 Self Gu laughed: “All living beings in this world will die, this is because fate Gu entered the door of life and death, and left a trace behind when searching for fairness Gu. Oh human, you can enter the door of life and death, and walk on the road of life and death, as long as you do not walk on the traces of fate, you will step on a road that belongs to you solely. When you walk into the door of life and death and leave again, you will form a brand new road, that would be partway to success.”


 “Next, as long as you bring Verdant Great Sun onto the path that you walked on, and leave the door of life and death, you will be able to return to the human world where the sun shines. Your son, Verdant Great Sun, will be able to escape death and revive.”


 Ren Zu heard the method of self Gu and was very hesitant, but there was no better solution available.


 Thus, he decided to let Boundless Forest Samsara stay inside ordinary abyss for a while longer, while he used the method taught by self Gu to save his eldest son, Verdant Great Sun.


 Ren Zu set off towards the door of life and death, as he walked, one day, he met with a beastman.


 This beastman was very muscular, his muscles were like rocks, the fangs in his mouth were sharper than blades. He took huge steps, sprinting in the wilderness as he shouted: “Don’t get any closer, don’t come here! I am afraid!”


 Ren Zu was very curious, he asked: “Oh beastman, what are you afraid of?”


 The beastman said: “I am afraid of my own shadow, it keeps following me, I cannot get rid of it. I am so afraid that I can only run around in all directions, I am tired, hungry, and thirsty, I am going to die!”


 Ren Zu felt that this was funny: “Oh beastman, you have such a powerful body, yet you are afraid of a harmless shadow, do you have a cowardly heart? What is there to be afraid of?”


 At this time, a Gu worm came out of the beastman’s heart, it laughed at Ren Zu: “Oh human, do not speak so shamelessly. You do not feel afraid because you have not encountered me, fear Gu. Hehehehehe.”


 “Fear Gu?” Ren Zu took a step back, his expression changed.


 Once fear Gu appeared, fear started to well up in Ren Zu’s heart.


 He was afraid.


 Fear Gu laughed even more arrogantly now, it said to the beastman: “I will let you off now, little beastman, you pitiful worm.”


 The beastman was free now, it fell to the ground, weeping in extreme joy.


 Fear Gu turned around, facing Ren Zu: “Oh human, you dared to look down on me, fear Gu, now I will torture you with endless fear!”


 Saying this, fear Gu flew into Ren Zu’s heart with a whooshing sound.


 Ren Zu felt immense fear.


 He was afraid of this, and afraid of that.


 Fear Gu made him scared of the wind, every time the wind blew, Ren Zu screamed in horror.


 Fear Gu made him afraid of sunlight, Ren Zu could only travel at night and often lost his way, during daytime he would enter caves or hide inside thick bushes.


 Fear Gu also made Ren Zu afraid of tree leaves, thus Ren Zu ran away from the forests, every tree he saw made him shriek.


 Fear Gu made Ren Zu afraid of snakes, in the end, Ren Zu even stopped using the grass ropes that he made himself.


 After that, fear Gu made Ren Zu scared of rain.


 Whenever it rained, Ren Zu would shrivel up and look at the sky that was raining continuously, feeling extreme fear.


 Ren Zu wanted to go to the door of life and death, but after being struck by fear Gu, he could not move much, he could not make any progress.


 When fear Gu understood Ren Zu’s motive, it made Ren Zu scared of death.


 Ren Zu no longer dared to walk towards the door of life and death.


 Because once he entered the door of life and death, he would be walking from life towards death.


 Ren Zu was afraid that he would die, he could only stay in place.


 Self Gu sighed: “Oh human, actually death is not scary, the real scary thing is the fear in your heart.”


 “That is right!” Fear Gu heard this and said proudly: “The only thing worth being afraid of is fear!”


 Fairy Bai Qing spoke this story as Feng Jin Huang was silent in her arms.


 Fairy Bai Qing looked at her daughter lovingly, she said again: “Huang Er, no matter what, you have to become stronger, and face death head on! Death is not scary, everybody dies, not even a rank nine venerable is spared from it. Your father might be dead or alive. But one day, I will certainly die, and so will you. Never be defeated by the fear in your heart.”


 Feng Jin Huang’s body shuddered.


 She struggled lightly, freeing herself from her mother’s warm hug.


 Tears were still flickering in her eyes, but she showed determination and fortitude.


 She looked at Fairy Bai Qing, gritting her teeth: “Mother, I understand! I will go cultivate now, there will be no fear in my heart, no matter how father is right now, I will not be fearful, I will face it directly, and face any possible outcome. I am Feng Jin Huang, how can I make father and mother lose face?”


 “Hehehe, you are really a good child.” Fairy Bai Qing concealed the worry in her eyes, her face was filled with a smile.


 Actually, she was frantic internally.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s disappearance hugely influenced matters.


 Spirit Affinity House recruited Feng Jiu Ge, allowing them to be at the lead of the ten ancient sects in this generation. The other nine sects faced some suppression in one way or another.


 These were the characteristics of a society where one person could cultivate to have great strength.


 The influence of one person was expanded hugely.


 Right now, Feng Jiu Ge was not around, Spirit Affinity House’s authority fell drastically, the other nine sects were ready to make trouble, Central Continent had deep undercurrents that could create huge tremors and drastic changes.


 It was like this outside of the sect.


 But within her own sect, Fairy Bai Qing also was not having an easy time.


 Places with people will have competition for benefits.


 Where there are sects, there is internal strife.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s disappearance made the ones who were had been suppressed to the lowest level able to suddenly raise their heads.


 Feng Jiu Ge was too powerful, to the extent that Fairy Bai Qing had almost forgotten that there were many people in the sect who was against them.


 These last days, those people had been gathering strength and ostracizing Fairy Bai Qing.


 Fairy Bai Qing loved Feng Jiu Ge deeply, she wanted to go to Northern Plains and help him. But she had been controlling herself, holding down this impulse.


 She had a daughter to care for, Feng Jiu Ge was so powerful but he still went missing, she could not move carelessly.


 If even she was gone, what would Feng Jin Huang do?


 “She is just a child!” This was Fairy Bai Qing’s thoughts.


 From the viewpoint of every parent, their children were always children.


 Northern Plains.


 Hei Cheng’s headless corpse was still in the mud.


 His soul was wailing, but he could not escape from Hei Lou Lan’s hands.


 Hei Lou Lan killed Hei Cheng and stomped on her father’s head, but it was not enough. Now, Hei Cheng’s soul had also been captured, he was surely going to be tortured and interrogated by Hei Lou Lan.


 Meanwhile, Blazing Heaven Demoness squatted on the ground and used an immortal killer move.


 A small hand of flames appeared out of nowhere, grabbing at Hei Cheng’s stomach.


 The small fire hand easily fused into Hei Cheng’s corpse, after fiddling around for a while, it flew out while holding onto a pearl.


 “This is Hei Cheng’s immortal aperture, I have temporarily retrieved it. Little Lan, take it, it can only last for seven days and seven nights, once the time limit is up, my immortal killer move will stop and the immortal aperture will fuse with the outside world to form a blessed land. It is a pity that the Gu worms in the immortal aperture, be them mortal or immortal, have all been destroyed.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness said as she passed the fire pearl into Hei Lou Lan’s hands.


 Hei Lou Lan received it silently.


 Fairy Li Shan and Fang Yuan were inwardly shocked by Blazing Heaven Demoness’ method.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed: “Don’t look at me with such expressions. Hehehe, this method of taking an immortal aperture is not a skill devised originally by me. I obtained an inheritance of Immortal Kong Jue in Eastern Sea, I learned his method of retrieving apertures, and created this fire path immortal killer move.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was an extremely rare great grandmaster.


 At this attainment level, it was easy to understand capabilities of other paths using their own as a foundation, her methods were very comprehensive in all aspects.


 “Alright, now, we will talk about your matter, Fang Yuan.” Fairy Li Shan looked towards Fang Yuan with a coldly smiling expression.



***
Chapter 945 - Ceasefire


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Alright, now, we will talk about your matter, Fang Yuan.” Fairy Li Shan looked towards Fang Yuan with a coldly smiling expression.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness said: “No need to rush, I am still waiting for someone.”


 “Oh? Who is it?” Fairy Li Shan asked in surprise.


 “It is me.” A voice suddenly came from nowhere.


 Everyone’s pupils shrunk, they turned around at lightning speed, facing the new arrival.


 This person had immense capability, if he did not speak, none of them would have realized that he was so close to them.


 But when they saw his appearance, everyone felt that such capability was to be expected.


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu!” Hei Lou Lan growled out.


 “Lead, leader...” Fairy Li Shan’s voice was hoarse and surprised.


 The person’s elderly face was very energetic, his snow-white beard was very thick, it extended to his toes.


 Right now, all of his aura was concealed, not a trace of his might was felt, he looked like an ordinary old farmer.


 But everyone was at full alertness.


 Because he was the number one demonic path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, in control of Snowy Mountain blessed land, after the battle of rank eights, some crowned him as the ‘strongest rank eight Gu Immortal’, Old Ancestor Xue Hu!


 Facing Old Ancestor Xue Hu, only Blazing Heaven Demoness was calm and seemingly at ease: “Xue Hu, how was your harvest just now?”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu nodded, replying slowly: “Even though Hei tribe has gotten weaker over the years, it is still a super force, it has a deep foundation. This infiltration into Iron Eagle blessed land gave me great gains.”


 As it turned out, the four elders of Hei tribe directed the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage to chase after Hei Cheng, causing their base to be relatively unguarded.


 In order to obtain more Gu refinement materials, Old Ancestor Xue Hu sneaked into Iron Eagle blessed land and looted it.


 When the four elders of Hei tribe returned, he had already left with the profits.


 “Snowy Mountain and Zombie Alliance are in a heated battle with constant conflicts. But just now, Blazing Heaven Demoness and Old Ancestor Xue Hu teamed up together to deal with Hei tribe?” Fang Yuan squinted, he couldn’t help but raise his opinion of Blazing Heaven Demoness, seeing her in a different light.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was strong and overbearing, but what was truly fearsome were her wits.


 If she did not ask Old Ancestor Xue Hu to take action, the four elders of Hei tribe would not have left, Blazing Heaven Demoness would not have been able to leave so easily.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu, who had the highest battle strength in Northern Plains, was willing to be used by Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Ultimately, the reason for this was that Blazing Heaven Demoness aimed at Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s weakness. He needed lots of immortal material for Gu refinement, even though he knew he was being used, he was willing to do such a thing.


 “Alright, this is the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, and the other immortal zombies. Even though I used several of them, most are still around. I will return them to you.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu waved his hand, dozens of immortal zombie bodies appeared on the ground, one of them was still sleeping, it was the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu looked at the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance physique immortal zombie with a regretful gaze.


 He knew that the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance zombie had some Immortal Gu.


 But these last days, even though he tried, he could not extract these Immortal Gu.


 This Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie had many methods, he used an unknown immortal killer move and fell asleep. If Old Ancestor Xue Hu did something overboard, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie would start self-detonating, and the Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture also showed signs of self-detonation.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness collected and put away these immortal zombies as she said seriously: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu, you truly keep your words, then according to the agreement, Zombie Alliance will stop targeting Snowy Mountain, our battle will cease!”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s eyes shined with light, he looked at Blazing Heaven Demoness as he said: “Blazing Heaven Demoness, it seems that you made great gains in Eastern Sea, your strength has increased tremendously. But the time path injury still plagues you, now that the four elders of Hei tribe are back in Iron Eagle blessed land, after this, they would not move out easily anymore. If you want to obtain Hei Fan’s time path inheritance and settle your injury, it will be difficult. When you attack Iron Eagle blessed land in the future, I can lend a hand.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed heartily, she clapped: “Good! I am also looking forward to working together with you again.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu nodded, his figure slowly faded, in a few breaths’ time, he vanished into thin air, like fog that dispersed under sunlight.


 From start to finish, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had not taken a glance at Hei Cheng’s headless corpse.


 Earlier, Blazing Heaven Demoness and Old Ancestor Xue Hu had engaged in fierce combat, but now they were actually talking about future cooperation.


 Having the power and capability to do anything they want, that was the power of rank eight great experts.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was known as the strongest Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, his battle strength exceeded Blazing Heaven Demoness, but he actually gave in this time and handed over the immortal zombie captives and bodies.


 He disregarded the reputation of the number one expert entirely.


 But Fang Yuan felt no surprise.


 Reputation was very much a secondary concern in reality, only one thing could move almost everybody in this world.


 That was benefit.


 Gu Immortals were humans too, they looked at benefits.


 In fact, it was very common for Gu Immortals to work together.


 Having cultivated to this stage, not at all an easy matter, what was the point of fighting to the death?


 If there was no special reason, no Gu Immortals would do that.


 All Gu Immortals want to develop themselves properly, because there was a sharp blade hanging above their heads.


 This blade would descend once in a while, cutting at their necks.


 If they could not endure it, they would die. If they survived it, they would still suffer a huge loss.


 This blade naturally was calamities and tribulations.


 The higher the Gu Immortal’s cultivation level, the more terrifying the calamities and tribulations get, with greater difficulty in surviving, hope was bleak.


 People like Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Blazing Heaven Demoness, these rank eight experts, were extremely cautious, they faced great danger. If they were careless, they would die under the tribulations.


 Thus, rank eight Gu Immortals were all very vigilant.


 Earlier, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang fought against Old Ancestor Xue Hu, but did they use all of their trump cards and full strength?


 No.


 Both sides were only probing each other.


 In the end, Old Ancestor Xue Hu displayed methods that were superior to what they were willing to use.


 That caused Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to retreat. Because if they continued, the fight would escalate, and they would lose control of the situation, they would be in danger.


 The fight between Zombie Alliance and Snowy Mountain blessed land was very heated, but there were few losses.


 They were making a huge commotion but there were barely any consequences.


 Because be it Old Ancestor Xue Hu or Blazing Heaven Demoness, they knew their limits.


 Just now, both sides cooperated, it might seem abrupt, but that was not true.


 Be it Blazing Heaven Demoness or Old Ancestor Xue Hu, they achieved their goals.


 The former saved the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie and the other immortal zombie bodies, she completed the mission given by Zombie Alliance and successfully defended its reputation.


 The latter gave in, but he plundered the base of Hei tribe, his gains were greater than the immortal zombies he lost!


 The only party who had losses was the super force Hei tribe.


 Hei tribe’s losses were immense, but who cared?


 One could say that Hei tribe was the innocent party, suffering due to the conflict between Zombie Alliance and Snowy Mountain.


 But whose fault was it that the four elders of Hei tribe were schemed against?


 In this world, be it Gu Immortals or mortals, it did not matter who was innocent, the only thing that mattered was who had greater strength and methods.


 The strong prey on the weak, this was such a cruel and beautiful rule!


 After confirming that Old Ancestor Xue Hu had left, Blazing Heaven Demoness turned around and faced Fang Yuan at long last.


 “Now, we need to have a chat, Fang Yuan.”


 She smiled lightly, she called him Fang Yuan instead of Xing Xiang Zi.


 Subconsciously, the pressure Fang Yuan felt internally intensified.


 But Fang Yuan smiled confidently: “What do you have to say, I am listening.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness could not help but frown.


 She, Fairy Li Shan, and Hei Lou Lan had planned secretly for a long time to set up this situation, not only did they want Hei Lou Lan to fulfill her vengeance and kill Hei Cheng, they also schemed against Hei tribe and settled the battle between Zombie Alliance and Snowy Mountain. In addition, they also wanted to force Fang Yuan to relent so that they could get their way.


 But now it seemed that Fang Yuan felt indifferent towards such force. He was like an eel, slipping out of their control.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness did not speak, but Fairy Li Shan said in a heavy tone: “Fang Yuan, I admire you as a person, but please take a look at your situation. We can determine whether you live or die today!”


 “So what?” Fang Yuan shrugged, he looked at Fairy Li Shan mockingly: “It’s only death at worst. Do you think that I, the great Fang Yuan, would fear death?”


 The air seemed frozen.


 The scene became still.


 Ever since Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fairy Li Shan, and Hei Lou Lan’s relationship was exposed, Fang Yuan had been full of doubts.


 What did they want to do with him?


 Since Blazing Heaven Demoness knew the true identity of Xing Xiang Zi, why did she fund Fang Yuan to refine star thought Immortal Gu?


 Using her rank eight battle strength, it was not hard for her to kill this bottom tier rank six immortal zombie. Why did she have to create this situation?


 Next, Fang Yuan analyzed calmly, with his rich life experience, he could see the true relationship between Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fairy Li Shan, and Hei Lou Lan.


 On the surface, these three seemed like a united family, very close to each other.


 But in truth?


 Hehehe, their relationship was quite peculiar, they were not united!


 When Fang Yuan realized this, many questions that he had were answered at once.


 Thus, he had some confidence just now to adopt a strong stance, negotiating with Blazing Heaven Demoness fearlessly.


 Of course, he had split a portion of his focus on Spring Autumn Cicada at all times.


 If this situation turned bad, he could only rely on this unreliable trump card.


 But each time he used Spring Autumn Cicada, there was a chance of failure. Fang Yuan would not use it unless he had no other options.


 The current situation was not so severe that he needed to use Spring Autumn Cicada.


 While remaining silent, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ frown became tighter.


 Fang Yuan’s attitude gave her a problem.


 She understood that Fang Yuan had already realized her true motive.


 That was self strength Immortal Gu!


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was someone without limits, back then when she could not obtain the fragment world of the immemorial nine heavens, she directly destroyed it, resulting in nobody gaining anything.


 She was afraid of Fang Yuan being just like that and destroying self strength Immortal Gu!


 Self strength Immortal Gu was already refined by Fang Yuan, he could destroy it with a single thought.


 Immortal Gu were hard to take away, if it were not for that, Blazing Heaven Demoness would not have created this situation, using a great deal of effort.



***
Chapter 946 - Past Grudges and Hatred


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the past.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness suffered from time path injuries, thus she had placed hope in Hei Fan’s time path inheritance.


 Thereupon, Blazing Heaven Demoness began to make arrangements, she took charge of Su tribe, changed her third sister’s name to Su Xian Er and intentionally made her approach Hei Cheng to enter Hei tribe.


 Hei Cheng and Su Xian Er were both in love with each other, becoming a Gu Immortal couple, and Su Xian’s Night Elopement thus became a famous story.


 Su Xian Er did not forget her task and tried to find out information of Hei Fan’s inheritance, but she gradually exposed her traces in the process. Hei tribe began investigating and got knowledge of Fairy Li Shan, making them think this was Snowy Mountain’s plot.


 Su Xian Er, however, was truly in love with Hei Cheng, so she did not leave Hei tribe. Afterwards, Hei Cheng secretly killed Su Xian Er and prolonged his life.


 After learning of their younger sister’s sacrifice, Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fairy Li Shan felt incomparable grief.


 Fairy Li Shan blamed Blazing Heaven Demoness and believed she was the reason for their sister’s death. Later on, Fairy Li Shan completely fell out with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness felt ashamed and guilty, but she was heavily injured and could not take revenge. She had also taken position as the leader of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, she could not act independently easily, and could only go far away towards Eastern Sea.


 When she passed the regional wall, it was a nearly fatal experience.


 In Eastern Sea, she gradually had some fortuitous encounters from the clues she had gathered at Northern Plains. For instance, an inheritance left behind by Old Immortal Kong Jue allowed Blazing Heaven Demoness to have a method of seizing another person’s immortal aperture.


 These fortuitous encounters provided great help to Blazing Heaven Demoness and partially alleviated her injuries.


 For a long time, Fairy Li Shan did not contact Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 But when Fairy Li Shan took in Hei Lou Lan, instructed and helped her cultivate, and saw her growth, Fairy Li Shan gradually began to let go of her hatred.


 She hoped Hei Lou Lan could receive better help and support.


 Recently, Fairy Li Shan had completely calmed down and began to use information path methods to contact Blazing Heaven Demoness, both sides started to communicate with each other.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness thus learned of Xing Xiang Zi’s identity and began to scheme.


 Because Fang Yuan just happened to need star thought Immortal Gu; Blazing Heaven Demoness was able to smoothly set an agreement with Fang Yuan.


 When she made use of Zombie Alliance’s power to return to Northern Plains, she wanted to resolve her countless years of shame and guilt to Hei Lou Lan.


 She wanted to use all her strength to make it up to Hei Lou Lan, she wanted to make up for the mistakes she made in the past!


 She viewed things through Hei Lou Lan’s perspective and thought of ways to support her.


 What was most important to Hei Lou Lan?


 Without doubt, it was self strength Immortal Gu.


 First of all, Hei Lou Lan possessed the Great Strength True Martial Physique and cultivated strength path, self strength Immortal Gu was a strength path Immortal Gu and was perfect for Hei Lou Lan.


 Second, self strength Immortal Gu was an inheritance given to Hei Lou Lan by Su Xian Er; as far as Hei Lou Lan was concerned, it was not just a rank six Immortal Gu, it was an extremely important keepsake of her mother!


 Thus, Blazing Heaven Demoness thought of every way possible to take self strength Immortal Gu back for Hei Lou Lan.


 But she encountered a problem.


 From the communication with Fairy Li Shan, Blazing Heaven Demoness got an understanding of Fang Yuan.


 She was startled and wary of Fang Yuan’s craftiness, and also saw her own image in him.


 On one hand, Fang Yuan was very proficient in scheming, on the other hand, Fang Yuan could take life threatening risks and was not afraid of death.


 In pleasant words, it was bravery. In ugly words, it was thuggish and unscrupulous behavior. If I can’t get benefits, you also can stop dreaming about them. If you want to fight, then come, it is just death at worst.


 This attitude was like that of Blazing Heaven Demoness, destroying a fragment world of the immemorial nine heavens.


 As a result, Blazing Heaven Demoness had agreed to help Fang Yuan refine an Immortal Gu and set an agreement with him —


 Blazing Heaven Demoness would help fund Fang Yuan with immortal materials, but Fang Yuan would be in debt to her. Whether he succeeded or not in refining the Immortal Gu, he would need to pay her back later. The longer he dragged this on, the more interest Blazing Heaven Demoness would receive. If Fang Yuan successfully refines the Immortal Gu but fails to return her the sum in a hundred years, then Blazing Heaven Demoness would be allowed to take any one Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan as compensation.


 “Any one Immortal Gu” was the key.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was targeting the self strength Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan possessed..


 Right now, as she saw Fang Yuan’s attitude, Blazing Heaven Demoness raised her eyebrows and spoke frankly: “Right, I want self strength Immortal Gu. Return the Immortal Gu to Little Lan, it was hers after all.”


 If she could directly take it, Blazing Heaven Demoness would have already done so and absolutely would not have gone through such trouble.


 But even if she was a fire path great grandmaster, she could not forcibly take Immortal Gu.


 The Immortal Gu was already refined by Fang Yuan, and could be destroyed instantly with just a thought from him.


 Like Old Ancestor Xue Hu who had extremely strong attainment in ice path, but had no way to take the mysterious Immortal Gu inside the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.


 Unless they were a wisdom path Gu Immortal who suppressed Fang Yuan and made sure he could not take action in thinking, or someone who had great accomplishment in theft path.


 Theft path was created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 His signature immortal killer move formless hand was feared by countless Gu Immortals.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan did not have wisdom path methods and theft path was a not a mainstream path, despite it being created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, besides him, other cultivators of theft path were generally not able to achieve anything significant.


 If Blazing Heaven Demoness and the others had theft path methods, they could directly steal the Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan’s aperture, given they had set this up, the possibility of this was very small.


 Especially when Fang Yuan had wisdom path attainment, Blazing Heaven Demoness felt even more cautious regarding taking action.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness directly demanded self strength Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan remained silent.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ reason was not very justifiable.


 Fang Yuan had obtained self strength Immortal Gu fair and square, if he had not saved Hei Lou Lan, she would have already lost her life in the dream realm.


 It could be said that Fang Yuan was Hei Lou Lan’s benefactor.


 However, Fang Yuan did not want to speak of this.


 Such words were useless, why would there be discussion about benevolence with those of fierce character?


 Moreover, back then when Fang Yuan helped Hei Lou Lan, he also did not hold any good intentions.


 If he talked about this, Blazing Heaven Demoness and the others would instead look down on him.


 ‘A bigger fist is the best and the strongest reason. If I were stronger, I would not need to fear Blazing Heaven Demoness’ extortion. Unfortunately, I cannot even escape right now. My cultivation is stagnant, my strength is too low!’


 Fang Yuan was self-aware.


 He knew it was impossible for him to not hand over self strength Immortal Gu.


 In the current situation, the enemy was strong while he was weak, like meat on the chopping block. But it was not that he did not have any cards in his hands.


 ‘Firstly, there is the previous agreement. The agreement states allies cannot harm each other. But Fairy Li Shan is an information path Gu Immortal, she had openly violated the agreement when we invaded Dong Fang tribe’s blessed land. The value of this is rather small.’


 ‘Secondly, Immortal Gu are not easy to plunder. It is because of this that Blazing Heaven Demoness and the others had to make arrangements to trap me. But the value of this can only be at a middling level, I cannot overestimate its use. Blazing Heaven Demoness has the ability to capture me alive, if she put aside all considerations and decided to do so, wouldn’t I be like that Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie that fell into Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s hands?’


 ‘Thirdly, there is Purple Mountain True Monarch. Hei Lou Lan and others don’t know this is only a lie. Earlier, I used this lie to deceive Tai Bai Yun Sheng. But who could have thought it would instead become my greatest trump card at this moment.’


 Fang Yuan was not wrong.


 After Blazing Heaven Demoness knew of Purple Mountain True Monarch, she treated such information with great importance.


 She was quite wary of this mysterious Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 If Purple Mountain True Monarch was a rank eight Gu Immortal, and she captured his beloved disciple, the trouble stirred up in the future would not be small. Blazing Heaven Demoness had just approached Old Ancestor Xue Hu and sought to trouble him, she naturally did not want herself to fall into the same situation.


 Even if Purple Mountain True Monarch was only rank seven, he still had many disciples. Fang Yuan claimed he was only a junior disciple and had senior disciples above him.


 Especially when this Purple Mountain True Monarch was extremely resourceful, he could arrange his disciple to enter Immortal Crane Sect.


 But did Purple Mountain True Monarch really exist?


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were completely in the dark, and Blazing Heaven Demoness, who obtained information from them, also was deceived by this.


 Fang Yuan’s silence made Blazing Heaven Demoness slightly impatient as she urged: “Fang Yuan, what requests do you have, say them, we can talk.”


 Fang Yuan let out a breath, he had already planned it all inwardly.


 But he did not reply to Blazing Heaven Demoness’ question, instead asking: “Those Gu refinement immortal materials you gave me to refine star thought Immortal Gu, did you tamper with them?”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled: “Of course.”


 She actually admitted it!


 Moreover, she did not have even a trace of embarrassment on her face.


 Fang Yuan frowned: “Actually, I had suspected this, but every time I refined Gu, I inspected the immortal materials carefully, why was I not able to find anything amiss?”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness replied: “That is because your fire path attainment has not reached great grandmaster level. I added a trace of fire path dao marks on each fire path immortal material. The increase is very small, but it accumulates with every immortal material used, and takes substantial effect during the refinement process, ruining the Gu refinement.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness naturally had to do this.


 If Fang Yuan succeeded in refining, how could she coerce Fang Yuan?


 Fang Yuan did not nag about this issue, he nodded and continued: “I can return self strength Immortal Gu, but I have some conditions.”


 Hearing this, Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan’s hopes were raised.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness looked at Fang Yuan with slight surprise, and clapped: “Now I can somewhat understand why little sister wanted to suppress you. Speak, what are your requests?”


 “First of all, I want to form a new agreement.”


 This agreement was the assurance for his safety. Although Fairy Li Shan was an information path Gu Immortal and could have unknown methods to break the agreement, she would need to make preparations before doing so. At least during that period, Fang Yuan could escape safely.


 “This is a must.” Blazing Heaven Demoness agreed.


 Fang Yuan continued: “Secondly, my debt of the immortal materials you lent to me before will be cleared.”


 “As long as you return self strength Immortal Gu, this won’t be a problem.” Blazing Heaven Demoness replied straightforwardly.


 “I want to leave Zombie Alliance, and get rid of the alliance agreement with them.”


 “Okay.”


 “Finally, I want strength path immortal zombie corpses. You need to promise me that you will do your utmost to get me as many strength path immortal zombie corpses as possible.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly.



***
Chapter 947 - Nirvana Fire


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hei Lou Lan had Blazing Heaven Demoness protecting her, Fang Yuan could no longer target her.


 If he could not obtain a super grade blessed land, a high grade blessed land was still very good.


 To achieve that, Fang Yuan needed a large number of ordinary strength path immortal zombie bodies. And in Northern Plains, who else could obtain more immortal zombie bodies than Blazing Heaven Demoness?


 Of course, Fang Yuan gave a valid sounding excuse: “If I give self strength Immortal Gu to you, I will not have a useful strength path Immortal Gu with me. I need to refine a strength path Immortal Gu to replace it. The Immortal Gu recipe that I have needs a large number of strength path immortal zombie bodies.”


 This excuse perfectly concealed the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method, Blazing Heaven Demoness could not reject him either.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness frowned deeply.


 If she agreed, she would have a pay a huge price.


 Earlier, Old Ancestor Xue Hu handed over some immortal zombies, a large number of strength path immortal zombies were among them. But if she gave them to Fang Yuan, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ contribution to Zombie Alliance would be greatly diminished.


 Immortal zombies were very particular about preserving their corpses after dying.


 This was the last bit of pride they had.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu targeted the immortal zombie graveyard, that caused Zombie Alliance to mobilize their forces to deal with this rank eight expert, going into a state of frenzy disregarding the cost. That was because immortal zombie bodies were the bottom line of Zombie Alliance, anyone who targets them will face the vengeance of Zombie Alliance!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu understood this as well.


 After the matter was exposed, even though he obtained a large number of immortal zombie bodies, he kept many of them without using them, leaving behind a way to settle the situation.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness thought: “I can give the strength path immortal zombie bodies to Fang Yuan. This matter can be blamed on Old Ancestor Xue Hu, nobody will suspect me. But the problem is, Fang Yuan wants to use immortal zombie bodies to refine Immortal Gu!”


 Immortal Gu were hard to refine, it was normal to fail.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness shook her head, she said to Fang Yuan: “If you keep failing in your refinement, would I have to provide you immortal zombie bodies unceasingly? That is impossible! As the leader of the Zombie Alliance branch, I am stealing from the inside, if I get exposed, the consequences are severe. How about this, you can give me a number, if it is reasonable, I will consider it.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it and gave a number.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness immediately rejected him, the number was too large, it was too risky for even her to obtain this many strength path immortal zombie bodies.


 Next, both sides negotiated and eventually reached a consensus.


 Fang Yuan obtained a number of strength path immortal zombies that greatly exceeded the requirements for a high grade blessed land. But on the surface, he pretended to be dissatisfied: “This is only enough for me to do three attempts at Gu refinement...”


 Fairy Li Shan snorted coldly: “Fang Yuan, I urge you not to get an inch and ask for a mile.”


 Fang Yuan chuckled, he looked at Fairy Li Shan: “Back then, when Hei Lou Lan was trapped in the dream realm, why didn’t you have this attitude?”


 These words made Fairy Li Shan slightly awkward.


 She was not as shameless as Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 “Talking more is pointless, we can form the new agreement now. Once the agreement is created, I will return self strength Immortal Gu to you.” Fang Yuan continued.


 “Wait.” Blazing Heaven Demoness waved her hand: “Earlier, you stated your conditions, now, it is my turn.”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly internally, he knew that Blazing Heaven Demoness was not so easy to deal with.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness’ words made Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan extremely surprised.


 “I am willing to fund you to refine star thought Immortal Gu, I will not do anything to the immortal materials this time.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and did not feel joy, he squinted as he went into high alert.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s vigilant state, Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled, she said: “Fang Yuan, I know that you have been looking for a revival method to get rid of your immortal zombie state, look at this!”


 Saying so, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ body started to burn in raging flames.


 Orange-yellow flames covered Blazing Heaven Demoness’ entire body.


 But the strange thing was, it was not hot, it was filled with life force and could give observers a feeling of warmth and hope.


 It seemed harmless, but Fang Yuan took a few steps back vigilantly.


 Next, his eyes opened wide as he witnessed an unbelievable sight.


 In the burning flames, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ immortal zombie body started to change.


 First, her five meter tall zombie body shrunk rapidly, returning to a normal person’s height.


 Next, her skin which was rough and dark like tree bark vanished in the flames, white and tender skin appeared on her, like a freshly peeled egg.


 Next, her immortal zombie hair, which looked like messy red wheat stalks, turned long and slim, the red color was vibrant and warm.


 Finally, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ entire figure went through a complete transformation.


 From a scary giant zombie, she turned into a beautiful woman wearing a red dress, she had tender skin, sharp features, her gaze was energetic, and her lips were bright red.


 Her chest was busty, it could be barely be contained, her legs were slim and long, yet they were also not thin.


 Most strikingly, her hair extended to waist length, it was burning red, giving off a dream-like feeling, vibrant and overflowing with colors.


 In this wondrous flame, Blazing Heaven Demoness had performed an amazing display in front of Fang Yuan.


 She turned from an immortal zombie to a living person!


 Her entire aura also became stronger. Like a gently burning flame, becoming larger and giving off loud noises, other than giving people a sense of liveliness, her aura was also more overbearing.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ face became more rosy, but Fairy Li Shan showed worry on her face: “Big sister, be careful of your injury!”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness understood this of course, the price she paid for this was not small, but seeing Fang Yuan’s shining eyes and intense desire, she felt that it was worth it.


 Thus, she extinguished the flame on her body and used Gu worms, turning her body taller and transforming from a beauty into a monster, becoming an immortal zombie again.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness said: “I have a time path injury on my body that causes my ageing to accelerate hundreds of times. Without any choice, I had to become an immortal zombie. But you saw earlier that I can revive easily, changing between the immortal zombie and living Gu Immortal states. This is because of the immortal killer move that I used earlier — Nirvana Fire!”


 “Nirvana fire?” Fang Yuan felt some hope internally.


 Earlier, he did not care about it, because he already had the best revival method there was.


 But hearing Blazing Heaven Demoness’ words, Fang Yuan still was greatly excited.


 “Using the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method, I will turn into an ordinary Gu Immortal completely. My remaining lifespan will decrease accordingly. I cannot use wisdom Gu after that, since my lifespan would be consumed rapidly under the light of wisdom. Furthermore, each immortal aperture can only use the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method once, it cannot be repeated.”


 “If I can obtain this revival method and interchange between the states of immortal zombie and living Gu Immortal, that would be excellent! I would be able to use wisdom Gu more optimally!”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness observed his expression, seeing that Fang Yuan was interested, she added chips to her side of the bargain.


 She took out a mortal Gu, saying to Fang Yuan: “This is my third request, you have to accept this gift.”


 If it were an ordinary mortal Gu, Fang Yuan would not take even a glance at it.


 But Fang Yuan could not look away from this mortal Gu that Blazing Heaven Demoness took out.


 The reason was simple, this mortal Gu was so valuable even rank nine venerables looked for it painstakingly.


 This was a lifespan Gu!


 Blazing Heaven Demoness continued: “Fang Yuan, I know that you have little lifespan left, this lifespan Gu can give you sixty years of life, after you change back, you will not be old.”


 Fang Yuan sighed to himself deeply.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness gave three conditions.


 The first was to help Fang Yuan refine star thought Immortal Gu, and she promised that she would not tamper with the materials.


 The second was to give Fang Yuan a revival method, most importantly, this revival method allowed Fang Yuan to turn into an immortal zombie freely and use wisdom Gu fully.


 The third was a sixty year lifespan Gu, it was a treasure that Fang Yuan had been looking for.


 Rather than saying these three requests were Blazing Heaven Demoness’ conditions, they were more like bait that she was laying out in front of Fang Yuan.


 Facing such huge temptation, Fang Yuan felt excited, at the same time, his mood was heavy.


 He knew that Blazing Heaven Demoness was doing this for a reason.


 Thus, he cupped his fists at Blazing Heaven Demoness, saying seriously: “I cannot reject Blazing Heaven Demoness’ conditions. Please continue stating them.”


 Fang Yuan could not reject her.


 Because he did not have the strength to do so.


 “Hahaha.” Blazing Heaven Demoness raised her head and laughed, Fang Yuan understood the situation he was in, she was very pleased and finally stated her true objectives.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had six true conditions.


 First, she wanted Fang Yuan to give her all of his eerie fire dragon pythons.


 Second, she wanted to enter into the guts Gu business, and become the largest buyer in the guts Gu trades.


 Third, and the most important of them, she wanted Tai Bai Yun Sheng to cooperate with her using Man as Before and Landscape as Before, to try and heal the time path injury that she had.


 Fourth, she wanted to be able to borrow Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel from now on to return to Eastern Sea.


 Fifth, she wanted Fang Yuan to make a deduction for her each year for free. The content could be related to finding Immortal Gu, deducing incomplete Immortal Gu recipes, and others.


 Sixth, if possible, she wanted to meet Fang Yuan’s master, Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Fang Yuan thought about this thoroughly.


 He could agree to the first request, eerie fire dragon pythons were related to fire path, they might be useful to Blazing Heaven Demoness, but Fang Yuan could do without them.


 The second request was for Blazing Heaven Demoness to enter into the guts Gu trade and become a larger buyer than Immortal Crane Sect and Spirit Affinity House, Fang Yuan could accept this. With Blazing Heaven Demoness’ funding, perhaps the guts Gu trade would expand even further.


 For the third request, if Fang Yuan talked to Tai Bai Yun Sheng he would not reject it. But Man as Before and Landscape as Before could not fall into Blazing Heaven Demoness’ hands.


 The fourth request involving Fixed Immortal Travel was similar. Fang Yuan would not lend the Immortal Gu, at most, he would go along with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Fang Yuan directly agreed to the fifth request.


 The sixth request was nothing but Blazing Heaven Demoness trying to probe into Fang Yuan’s background and the force behind him. This was impossible! Purple Mountain True Monarch did not exist, he was made up by Fang Yuan!



***
Chapter 948 - Attitude Gu!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 The silver light in the sky seemed everlasting and indestructible. There were many halls on the ground, but there was silence, without any person around.


 There was an old tower standing tall and proud among the halls.


 This tower was covered in blemishes, it had over three million years of history.


 It was very famous, the Immortal Gu House that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable created herself — Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 There was a huge refinement path Gu formation around Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 In the four cores of the Gu formation, there were four rank eight Gu Immortals respectively, three male and one female, one old looking and three young.


 At this moment, seeing that the huge Gu formation was gradually coming to a halt, the four Heavenly Court Gu Immortals let out deep breaths, their tense minds calmed down.


 Once they relaxed, Lian Jiu Sheng’s body wavered, he could not stand upright, he sat down on the ground directly.


 The others were not any better.


 Bai Cang Shui’s head was full of sweat, while Bi Chen Tian was pale. Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s aged face had even deeper wrinkles than before.


 Any of these four people, if they went outside, would be huge characters in Central Continent, or famous experts even in the five regions.


 But at this moment, they were all exhausted, it was as if they were extremely hungry, after having fought strong foes for three hundred days, without any rest or sleep.


 After all, how could repairing the rank nine Immortal Gu Fate be so easy?


 Thinking about the difficulties when activating the Gu formation, Bai Cang Shui and the others felt immensely glad.


 One crucial step in repairing Fate was to draw in heaven’s will.


 Heaven’s will was grand and vast, a human’s will was small and insignificant compared to it. The four Gu Immortals endured much hardship to maintain their consciousness amidst the inflow of heaven’s will, under this situation minutes felt like years, they lasted for several hundred days and eventually succeeded.


 “Good! Just now was a great success for repairing fate Immortal Gu. Everyone has worked hard.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord carried his walking stick as he slowly got up, he looked at the Gu formation in the center with much joy, as fate Immortal Gu floated above it.


 This fate Immortal Gu was like a black and white spider. The red wound on its body had already shrunken by thirty percent.


 “We finally succeeded.” Bi Chen Tian sighed.


 “Now that we succeeded, fate Gu can already use fifty percent of its strength. Even if it is outside of Heaven Overseeing Tower, it can start to show some effect!” Lian Jiu Sheng said excitedly.


 “Oh? What effect?” Bai Cang Shui asked in puzzlement.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was extremely tired, but he smiled and said: “The effect of fate Immortal Gu is fate itself. You have to know: All living beings in this world have certain paths in life that they follow, they cannot be allowed to change. After Red Lotus Demon Venerable harmed fate Immortal Gu, the world went into chaos! Right now, fate Immortal Gu has already recovered fifty percent of its strength, with its existence, the world is already starting to adjust itself. All of those who derailed from their original path before this, even if they took a huge detour, will start to move towards their original fate, and continue on that path!”


 At this moment, in Northern Plains.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness listed her true intentions.


 After considering them, Fang Yuan replied to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 He did not directly reject the sixth request, he said he that he could not directly make the decision for such a thing. He would try to inform his master, Purple Mountain True Monarch, but whether he would show up or not was the master’s decision.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness expressed her understanding.


 After both sides reached a consensus, the heavy atmosphere eased slightly.


 After patiently negotiating, both sides set a new agreement.


 This alliance agreement was hard to break. Fang Yuan used his previous life’s experiences to avoid loopholes in the alliance agreement and increasing the difficulties of breaking it.


 Fang Yuan estimated that even if Fairy Li Shan had information path great grandmaster attainment level, she would still need at least two to three years to break the agreement.


 Moreover, Fairy Li Shan was not an information path great grandmaster.


 After setting the alliance agreement, Fang Yuan’s safety was assured, he followed the agreement and handed over self strength Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan.


 Even though he lost self strength Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was satisfied with the results.


 In fact, Blazing Heaven Demoness was not overbearing in this negotiation.


 Of course, if Fang Yuan refused to hand over self strength Immortal Gu, then that would be another story.


 Fang Yuan made great gains this time.


 All in all, this was a fair exchange of benefits.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness did not try to lay her hands on Fang Yuan’s Hu Immortal blessed land, Star Form blessed land, Dang Hun Mountain, or Fixed Immortal Travel. She did not even mention Fairy Li Shan’s time luck Immortal Gu.


 This showed that she was truly sincere in cooperating with Fang Yuan.


 Be it his wisdom path attainment, Fixed Immortal Travel or other aspects, Fang Yuan had very great value if used.


 After achieving a mutually beneficial result by cooperating, Blazing Heaven Demoness would not strike forcefully.


 After all, in her mind, Fang Yuan was backed by Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 After Hei Lou Lan received self strength Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan purposely let go of it, and she successfully refined it rapidly.


 It had finally returned to her, Hei Lou Lan sighed as she used the Immortal Gu.


 At once, her body shook as three strength path phantoms appeared.


 These three phantoms were not burly and rough-looking men like before, they were similar to Hei Lou Lan’s own appearance, they were all peerless beauties.


 Fairy Li Shan was overjoyed at this: “Little Lan, you have finally unraveled the biggest obstacle in your heart, and found your true self!”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded in joy.


 When she killed Hei Cheng personally, she felt refreshed, her breathing became more relaxed, and she felt like she had started a new life.


 The strength path phantoms in front of her were proof.


 Hei Lou Lan smiled and laughed, she turned towards Blazing Heaven Demoness: “Elder aunt, don’t you want Hei Fan’s time path inheritance? I can help you.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness heard Hei Lou Lan calling her ‘elder aunt’ and trembled from excitement.


 She knew that Hei Lou Lan actually hated her.


 After all, if it were not for her injury, Hei Lou Lan’s mother would not have exposed herself during the course of events when undercover in Hei tribe.


 In a way, Blazing Heaven Demoness could be considered the killer of Hei Lou Lan’s mother.


 Hei Lou Lan continued: “Next, I will return to Hei tribe by infiltrating it. I will find Hei Fan’s inheritance, and obtain it afterwards.”


 “No!” Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fairy Li Shan shouted in disagreement.


 Hei Lou Lan’s words made them severely shocked.


 Back then, Su Xian Er died because of this. Hei Lou Lan wanted to walk on Su Xian Er’s former path, how could her two aunts allow tragedy to strike again?


 “Don’t worry, I have already planned this for a long time.”


 Hei Lou Lan expected their reactions, she placed her arms behind her as she walked slowly, analyzing calmly: “Times are different now. The four elders of Hei tribe would not leave their base easily after this battle. With Hei Cheng’s death, Hei tribe’s reputation has sunken, in the following days, many super forces will collaborate and deal with Hei tribe. With Hei tribe’s current strength, they cannot hold onto so many resources anymore. This is a rare opportunity! I will get into Hei tribe and obtain the highest authority, it is time this super force had a new owner!”


 Hei Lou Lan had great ambition, even Fang Yuan was shocked at her goals.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu only wanted to steal some resources, he even hid himself during the process, fearful of Hei tribe’s revenge. But Hei Lou Lan actually wanted to take over all of Hei tribe.


 “It is too dangerous!” Fairy Li Shan shook her head.


 “I will not allow it.” Blazing Heaven Demoness spoke plainly, but she showed off a stance that did not allow rebuking.


 Hei Lou Lan looked at her aunts fearlessly, she smiled: “I know that you are concerned about me, but I’m afraid you have the wrong idea. This is my decision, I am not discussing it with you. You can refuse to cooperate with me, but you cannot interfere with my choice.”


 Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness looked at each other speechlessly.


 Hei Lou Lan knew that it was hard to accomplish this goal herself, but if she had the help of both her aunts, along with Fang Yuan’s strength, it would be of huge help to her, the danger would be lower, and she would have a higher chance of succeeding.


 “Fine, I will give you some assurance.” Hei Lou Lan said, taking out a mask.


 This mask was emanating with the aura of an Immortal Gu.


 “Attitude Gu?” At once, Fairy Li Shan stared with wide opened eyes.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixed onto this mask.


 Attitude Gu was a legendary Immortal Gu, it was recorded in >, and also one of the Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan was searching for.


 That was because attitude Gu was the core Immortal Gu of familiar face.


 Fang Yuan had the modified immortal killer move vaguely familiar face, if he fused attitude Gu into it, his disguise would surely be at a higher level.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had a puzzled look: “This Gu was once in Hei Fan’s hands, Hei Fan doted on his granddaughter, Hei Feng Yue, and gave attitude Gu to her. Hei Feng Yue was a spoiled brat, as a mortal, she brought the Immortal Gu to roam the icy plain. In the end, she was targeted by a mysterious Gu Immortal and vanished. Attitude Gu also disappeared as a result, and never showed up again.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s lips curled up, she toyed around with attitude Gu: “That’s right, I obtained this attitude Gu from the icy plain.”


 Fairy Li Shan was curious: “Little Lan, when did you go to the icy plain? Wait, unless...”


 “That’s right, I purposely went to the northern icy plain for my immortal ascension because I had clues of attitude Gu’s whereabouts. That was the only way I could subdue attitude Gu, by borrowing the heavenly might of the tribulation. Haha, I will not talk about the specific details.” Hei Lou Lan explained.


 Fairy Li Shan was surprised.


 She assessed Hei Lou Lan again, feeling complex emotions, she was both happy and dejected.


 Nobody found out that Hei Lou Lan had obtained attitude Gu, and she did not tell anyone either. Even Fairy Li Shan was kept in the dark.


 “This child has grown up after all.” Blazing Heaven Demoness sighed internally.


 Hei Lou Lan wore the mask, saying plainly: “From now onwards, I am Fairy Black Moon.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness clapped and smiled: “Excellent! With attitude Gu as well as the genuine Hei tribe bloodline, this matter might very well succeed!”


 Fang Yuan was shocked.


 “Hei Lou Lan is Fairy Black Moon?!”



***
Chapter 949 - Divine Concealment


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan observed Hei Lou Lan closely.


 Hei Lou Lan’s appearance had changed greatly after wearing the mask.


 Clad in black and gold armored martial attire, with short hair and bright eyes, a heroic and domineering aura radiated around her and gave an oppressive sensation to others.


 She unexpectedly looked almost the same as Fairy Black Moon’s appearance, which Fang Yuan had seen in the records from Central Continent back in his previous life.


 ‘Attitude Gu influences not my eyes, but my mind. Right now, the person I am looking at is still Hei Lou Lan wearing attitude Gu, but my mind is perceiving her as a different person. This is far too huge of a coincidence, it seems Hei Lou Lan is undoubtedly Fairy Black Moon!’


 Fang Yuan was convinced of this, understanding the hidden inside details of his previous life.


 In his previous life, Hei Lou Lan had become the winner of the Imperial Court contest, according to history, she was a tyrant and was later assassinated.


 But in fact, she had not died.


 She joined Central Continent’s Spirit Affinity House and became the next generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House. And later, she returned to Northern Plains, leading Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, wrecking Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and destroying the spiritual pillar of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 If that was the case, how was Hei Lou Lan able to get in touch with Spirit Affinity House?


 Fang Yuan immediately thought of Mo Yao’s will.


 Hei Lou Lan won in the Imperial Court contest, entered Imperial Court blessed land and obtained Mo Yao’s will. And under the influence of Mo Yao’s will, she joined Spirit Affinity House.


 As for how big of an influence Mo Yao’s will was, Fang Yuan was not sure.


 His intuition told him that this guess should be the truth of history during his previous life.


 It was only that in this life, because of Fang Yuan’s interference, the whole situation was thrown into disorder. Mo Yao’s will influenced Fang Yuan and almost caused him to die.


 “So when I was in Northern Plains, I had already caused a huge influence to the future of Central Continent. Sure enough, the butterfly effect is beyond imagination. But now, Hei Lou Lan is still in Northern Plains, if so, who will Spirit Affinity House appoint as the next generation fairy? Will it be Feng Jin Huang?”


 Fang Yuan let his thoughts wander.


 He felt that since Hei Lou Lan was no longer involved, Feng Jin Huang was the most likely candidate to inherit the position of the next generation fairy.


 ...


 “Zhao Lian Yun, you can be the next generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House — as long as you successfully obtain this inheritance!” Standing in front of the Thieving Heaven inheritance’s entrance, a wisdom path Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House, Xu Hao, spoke to Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun gazed at the huge entrance of light with a resolute expression: “I don’t care about being the next generation fairy, I only want to save brother Ma Hong Yun as quickly as possible!”


 Illusory Fairy Li Jun Ying stood beside Xu Hao, revealing a slight smile as she heard this.


 She softly stroked Zhao Lian Yun’s cheek, revealing a bewitching smile: “Cute little sister, this is a Thieving Heaven inheritance. As long as you can successfully inherit it, you will be very likely to have the power to save your lover.”


 Zhao Lian Yun blushed, her eyes, however, were sober and calm.


 She was an otherworldly demon, a transmigrator, she was not so easy to deceive.


 Zhao Lian Yun persisted in asking: “I am only a mortal, can this inheritance immediately let me ascend and become a Gu Immortal?”


 “Ah...” The female Gu Immortal, Li Jun Ying, did not have an answer to this, in fact, she also did not know the specific contents of the inheritance.


 She glanced at the male Gu Immortal Xu Hao, before continuing: “Even if you can’t immediately become a Gu Immortal, by obtaining Thieving Heaven’s inheritance, you will become the strongest competitor for the position of the next generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House. Don’t underestimate this position. As long as you succeed, you can borrow the sect’s strength to save your lover. Our Spirit Affinity House is one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, only super forces like ours can match up to Old Ancestor Xue Hu and save your brother Ma Hong Yun.”


 “I understand.” Zhao Lian Yun nodded and did not speak any further, taking a firm step forward into the entrance of light and disappearing within.


 “Do you think she can succeed?” Illusory Fairy Li Jun Ying let out a sigh, and asked with a worried expression.


 Xu Hao, however, was confident: “We have already confirmed that Zhao Lian Yun is an otherworldly demon, if even she can’t succeed, who can?”


 He continued: “I know you are worried the inheritance will have difficult tests, and Zhao Lian Yun might not be able to pass them since she is only a mortal. But you don’t know much about this aspect. After these last years of research, I have already confirmed what the qualification for Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable inheritance tests are – as long as one is an otherworldly demon, they can easily obtain his inheritance, and there are no other dangerous tests. I just don’t know how much Zhao Lian Yun can grow by inheriting this.”


 Li Jun Ying felt at ease at her husband’s words: “I wouldn’t be surprised even if Zhao Lian Yun were to immediately advance to a Gu Immortal. After all, this is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s arrangement.”


 “Hehe, compared to ascending to immortal, I want his formless hand more. Back then, if only I had a slightly stronger immortal killer move, I would not have been defeated by Feng Jiu Ge.” Xu Hao’s fists were clenched as he said this, his eyes flickering with a vague light of hatred.


 No organization would lack internal strife, Spirit Affinity House naturally was not an exception.


 After Feng Jiu Ge disappeared, many Gu Immortals of Spirit Affinity House tacitly agreed to trouble Fairy Bai Qing.


 And Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, this couple were the most important people in the ‘anti-Feng’ faction.


 Li Jun Ying consoled her husband: “Heaven’s Envy Manor had sent the news of the deaths of Ao Xue and Ling Mei. And Feng Jiu Ge has been missing for so long, he might already be dead as well. Why would you be bothered by a dead person?”


 Xu Hao discontentedly gritted his teeth: “Hmph, in the past, Feng Jiu Ge had such might that almost anything he said in the sect was carried out automatically, suppressing us for so many years. I was dispatched to comprehend the Thieving Heaven inheritance, this was also him removing me from a seat of power. But it was fortunate, I became the person who has the most understanding of Thieving Heaven’s inheritances, and have the highest authority regarding this matter. Otherwise, how could we have openly taken charge of Zhao Lian Yun?”


 Li Jun Ying repeatedly nodded: “At present, Feng Jin Huang is the top candidate for the next generation’s fairy, but Zhao Lian Yun’s appearance is a new variable, becoming the competitor with the highest threat to Feng Jin Huang. If we could support her to rise to the status, we would not only be able to suppress that slut Bai Qing, but also can make use of it to regain authority.”


 Zhao Lian Yun was just newly arrived, but had already fallen into the power struggle within Spirit Affinity House, becoming a powerful weapon for Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying to fight for authority.


 As the saying goes: In this world, people often had no control of the situation.


 Xu Hao was just about to say something when his gaze suddenly focused, becoming very surprised: “Huh? She came out so quickly!”


 In front of the two immortals, Zhao Lian Yun’s figure gradually appeared from thin air.


 Xu Hao hurriedly asked: “The Thieving Heaven inheritance has disappeared, this means she has succeeded! Is it really so simple?”


 Even if he had done deep research and was mentally prepared, he could not avoid having an envious feeling right now.


 Li Jun Ying had already moved ahead to welcome Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun was out of the inheritance space, and appeared somewhat clueless and dazed right now.


 “How was it, did you succeed? What did you inherit?” Under the heat of the moment, Li Jun Ying grabbed Zhao Lian Yun’s small, tender shoulder and shook it fiercely.


 Zhao Lian Yun frowned from the pain: “I am also not too sure, there was a dazzling light after I entered, then a will appeared, he told me to accept the rank nine immortal killer move — Divine Concealment.”


 “Divine concealment?!” Hearing this term, Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying’s eyes opened wide as they glanced at each other, both seeing the shock in each other’s eyes.


 Zhao Lian Yun, however, was disappointed, asking anxiously: “I did not become a Gu Immortal, and also didn’t experience any changes, can I still save brother Ma Hong Yun?”


 Xu Hao reacted at this moment, and started laughing heartily, replying firmly: “Of course! I did not think the true content of this inheritance was this. Being able to inherit divine concealment is a gargantuan fortune.”


 “Rank nine immortal killer move divine concealment...” Li Jun Ying also involuntarily let out a gasp, “In the past, when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created theft path, he stole the treasures of the world with no one able to forecast or deduce his movements. Why was that the case? It was rumored that it was because of two defensive killer moves Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable possessed, one was ‘divine concealment’, the other was ‘ghostly concealment’.”


 Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes opened wide: “Divine concealment, ghostly concealment?”


 Li Jun Ying nodded: “Right, divine concealment makes it so that no thoughts, wills or emotions can deduce your state or origins. Do you know what this means? The methods of probing and deducing of almost all wisdom path Gu Immortals in the world come from these three aspects: thought, will and emotion. And with divine concealment, you are immune to the deductions of almost all wisdom path Gu Immortals. Rank nine divine concealment... only a rank nine wisdom path Gu Immortal can have a chance to succeed in making deductions about you.”


 Xu Hao continued: “This is actually still not its most amazing aspect! You might not even believe it when I say it, but the most amazing thing is that divine concealment can make Gu Masters immune to heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities!”


 Li Jun Ying’s expression looked enchanted, while Zhao Lian Yun still looked uncomprehending.


 Xu Hao could not help but laugh, he realized Zhao Lian Yun was only a mortal and not a Gu Immortal, thus she did not understand the significance of this.


 He patiently explained: “Heaven’s will is a kind of will. You have divine concealment, since heaven’s will can’t probe you, it can’t send calamities and tribulations to you. You have already escaped the detection of heaven’s will, when you ascend to immortal later, you won’t attract any heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity. After Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created divine concealment, no calamities and tribulations befell him.”


 “But this has its disadvantages as well, calamities and tribulations are not entirely bad, they are a major way to increase the number of dao marks a Gu Immortal has. In the future, although you won’t face calamities and tribulations, and will be incomparably safe, you won’t be able to increase your quantity of dao marks through calamities and tribulations, and your accomplishments would be limited. Unless you have the other methods of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable to support your cultivation. In records of history, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could even steal dao marks.”


 Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes moved round and round in puzzlement, as she probed: “Divine concealment is so powerful, then what about ghostly concealment?”


 Xu Hao, who had been talking with confidence, did not have an answer for this, and Li Jun Ying also slowly shook her head.


 “Divine concealment, ghostly concealment. The former is known by everyone, but the latter is extremely mysterious. There are many guesses and public opinions vary, but they are all unreliable and there has never been a publicly accepted answer.” Xu Hao replied.


 Li Jun Ying spoke faintly: “But since both are equally famous, it also must be extraordinary.”


 Zhao Lian Yun blinked, her tone one of astonishment: “Besides inheriting divine concealment, I also obtained a clue. Another Thieving Heaven inheritance is hidden in Luo Po valley, and that inheritance is about ghostly concealment!”


 “What? A second Thieving Heaven inheritance!”


 “And it is hidden in Luo Po valley?”


 Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying was surprised and joyous, they glanced at each other with bright eyes.



***
Chapter 950 - Unexpected Compensation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying were very perceptive.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s information was very important.


 Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying immediately thought of Feng Jiu Ge rather than the Thieving Heaven inheritance!


 Combined with the information from the Central Continent Gu Immortals who returned, they were almost certain: The reason why Feng Jiu Ge disappeared was because he was trapped inside the Thieving Heaven inheritance.


 “The Thieving Heaven inheritance must have been used by the enemy to trap Feng Jiu Ge.” Xu Hao was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he said this after deducing.


 “Then what should we do now?” Li Jun Ying’s words made them sink into silence.


 Zhao Lian Yun looked around left to right and back, she did not speak.


 The reason why said she mentioned this was because she wanted to return to Northern Plains, using Spirit Affinity House’s power to save Ma Hong Yun.


 But she did not know about the internal conflicts within Spirit Affinity House.


 Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying looked at each other, they interacted with their gazes.


 Both of their gazes gradually turned cold, they had chemistry and a close rapport built over the years, they quickly came to an agreement.


 They decided to suppress this information and temporarily not report it.


 They wanted Feng Jiu Ge to die.


 If they reported it, Spirit Affinity House would definitely send people to save him, if Feng Jiu Ge was still alive, what would happen once he was saved?


 After dragging it out for three days, both immortals reached the time limit and reported this information.


 As expected, the higher ups in Spirit Affinity House were alarmed, they organized a group to save him. As for the otherworldly demon Zhao Lian Yun, she became the key person in this rescue mission, she was brought to Northern Plains.


 Several days later.


 Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, Dark Flow Giant City.


 Boom!


 A loud sound was heard as intense explosions occurred, the entirety of Giant City trembled.


 “What is going on?”


 “What is going on? Is someone attacking Dark Flow Giant City?”


 In Dark Flow Giant City, people had fallen to the ground, shocked cries were heard.


 Dark Flow Giant City was enormous, it had a total of seven layers. The lower five layers were the residences of mortal Gu Masters and were very bustling and clamorous. One layer above was where people with some connection to immortal zombies resided. The highest layer was reserved for immortals only.


 At this moment, at the highest layer of Dark Flow Giant City, a thick smoke rose into the sky.


 “Cough cough.” Fang Yuan was covered in soot as he came out of the secret room, he was coughing non-stop.


 He failed again when refining star thought Immortal Gu.


 Ever since they made the new alliance agreement, Fang Yuan did not return to his blessed land, he came to Dark Flow Giant City and used Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s refinement path Gu formation.


 He was not a refinement path Gu Immortal, he could not set up a refinement path Gu formation of such a level himself.


 Fang Yuan tried to refine star thought Immortal Gu again.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had funded him a huge amount of immortal materials for Gu refinement in accordance with the agreement.


 This time, the immortal materials were not tampered with at all.


 Fang Yuan had an easy time during the refinement, but during the final few steps, the Gu refinement failed, and an intense explosion occurred.


 Not only was the entire refinement path Gu formation blown to bits, the explosion also destroyed the secret room, alerting all of the Gu Immortals in Dark Flow Giant City, even the mortals in the lower layers felt it.


 “At the final few steps, the dao marks will undergo a unique change that cannot be controlled. The interaction of dao marks would only stabilize under one condition, that is the successful refinement of star thought Immortal Gu. This step is purely dependent on luck.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.


 All living beings, including humans, could not directly manipulate dao marks. Be it Gu Masters, desolate beasts, desolate plants, even if they had dao marks in them, they could only make use of them through Gu worms.


 Thus, when Gu Immortals refine Gu, they could not directly manipulate the dao marks, they could not control intense changes in the dao marks.


 To make a rather crude comparison.


 Refining a rank six Immortal Gu was like playing golf.


 The Gu Immortal’s preparations are all to ensure that the golf ball moves according to the path that they had planned.


 But the long path that the ball needs to travel on is filled with over a hundred holes.


 Only when the golf ball falls into the correct hole at the end of the path would the Gu refinement succeed.


 Gu Immortals could only ensure that the golf ball would move according to their wishes during the first half of the route, by the second half, the ground would be uneven and filled with pits, the Gu Immortals would not be able to control how the ball moved anymore.


 Thus, whether the ball could enter the proper hole depended on luck.


 “Even though Blazing Heaven Demoness no longer tampered with the immortal materials, her funding is not without cost, I need to pay her back eventually. Refining Immortal Gu is simply too hard, the success rate is too low. Maybe I can seek help from Lang Ya land spirit, he should have a strong refinement path Immortal Gu, or a special refinement method to increase the rate of successfully refining Immortal Gu.”


 In history, Long Hair Ancestor was known as the ‘number one refinement path immortal of all times’, the number of Immortal Gu that he had refined in his life shocked countless people.


 Even though Long Hair Ancestor had died, his land spirit was alive, and Lang Ya blessed land was still intact.


 Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement had failed again, he even suffered injuries.


 He decided to seek help from Lang Ya land spirit and try to increase his chances, even if he had to pay a huge price!


 “I’d suggest you to first try refining the strength path Immortal Gu.” At this time, Fairy Li Shan came over and gave Fang Yuan a suggestion.


 Fairy Li Shan could no longer stay in Snowy Mountain blessed land. Ever since they killed Hei Cheng, Fairy Li Shan had been staying inside Dark Flow Giant City.


 Her relationship with Blazing Heaven Demoness was exposed, everyone knew about it.


 Earlier, Blazing Heaven Demoness had led a band of immortal zombies to assault the Snowy Mountain blessed land demonic path Gu Immortals, with high rates of success.


 In actual fact, it was because Fairy Li Shan was the traitor exposing intelligence to Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Fairy Li Shan was an information path quasi-great grandmaster, even though she had was restricted by the alliance agreement of the forces of Snowy Mountain blessed land, she could skirt around the restrictions and aid Blazing Heaven Demoness while only suffering mild injuries from violating it.


 How could Old Ancestor Xue Hu keep such a traitor?


 After meeting with Blazing Heaven Demoness, he publicly announced the expulsion of Fairy Li Shan, and declared her to be an enemy of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Fairy Li Shan had offended the biggest demonic path force in Northern Plains, but she was welcomed by Zombie Alliance. Her relationship with Blazing Heaven Demoness made her one of them. Furthermore, she was the key person in forcing Old Ancestor Xue Hu to give in just now, in Dark Flow Giant City, Fairy Li Shan was very well respected by the immortal zombies.


 Fang Yuan heard Fairy Li Shan’s words and frowned: “Please explain.”


 Fairy Li Shan sighed: “There is a change in the situation, my sister’s funding for your refinement of star thought Immortal Gu might have to be delayed.”


 “Why is that the case?” Fang Yuan could not understand, they had just set the agreement, was Blazing Heaven Demoness going to break the agreement so quickly?


 That did not make sense.


 Because funding Fang Yuan’s refinement of star thought Immortal Gu was Blazing Heaven Demoness’ idea.


 Fairy Li Shan explained the reason and Fang Yuan soon understood why.


 The reason was that the cooperation between Blazing Heaven Demoness and Old Ancestor Xue Hu had a huge impact on Northern Plains after Snowy Mountain and Zombie Alliance went into a ceasefire.


 The conflict between both forces received much attention, some of the other regions even looked into the matter.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness and Old Ancestor Xue Hu knew their limits, they cooperated and settled this conflict rapidly and peacefully.


 The righteous path forces in Northern Plains were excitedly watching this as they wanted to see a conflict between them.


 Suddenly, there was a turn of events.


 As the conflict ended, Zombie Alliance’s headquarters sent out a mandatory mission in addition to the contribution points.


 All the members of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance had to work together, using all their resources to refine a giant Gu formation.


 This Gu formation’s sole use was to protect the immortal zombie graveyard.


 If a situation like Old Ancestor Xue Hu stealing bodies happened again, the Gu formation would activate and defend the place. If it could not defend the place, the power of the Gu formation would teleport these immortal zombie bodies out of Northern Plains.


 “Right now, Zombie Alliance is putting in a huge sum! Not just the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch, but the other three branches and even the headquarters are building this giant Immortal Gu formation together. Just here alone, we are using thirteen Immortal Gu, and countless supplementary mortal Gu.”


 “Most of the Immortal Gu are sent here from the headquarters, but we also have to refine a number of them. Thus, Dark Flow Giant City is recalling all the immortal zombies back to refine Gu. There will definitely be insufficient storage in Dark Flow Giant City, the immortal zombies will have to use their personal resources.” Fairy Li Shan explained in detail.


 Of course, the immortal zombies would be compensated for contributing their personal resources.


 The Zombie Alliance headquarters was giving out huge amounts of contribution points, much higher than ordinary times, to compensate the members.


 This was among the biggest actions taken by Zombie Alliance in the last thousand years.


 An immense amount of contribution points made the immortal zombie members feel enthusiastic about refining Gu. As long as they participated and expended immortal materials, regardless of whether they failed or succeeded, they would be able to obtain a huge sum of contribution points, this was a benefit rarely seen in a thousand years!


 Furthermore, after setting up this Gu formation, the Zombie Alliance graveyard would be safe without any future worries.


 The immortal zombies in Zombie Alliance were also delighted to see the creation of this giant Immortal Gu formation.


 The immortal zombies from Eastern Sea were temporarily unable to return to Eastern Sea, they stayed and refined Immortal Gu, and a huge number of supplementary mortal Gu.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was in the same place, she could no longer fund Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s plan to refine star thought Immortal Gu was obstructed, he could not even continue using the Gu refinement secret room.


 He had already rescinded the Zombie Alliance agreement that had been placed on him.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, who was the branch leader, had the authority to do this.


 In Dark Flow Giant City, Fang Yuan and Fairy Li Shan were both outsiders. Except that Fairy Li Shan was much more popular and well regarded than Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan frowned as he thought: “In the five hundred years of my previous life, Zombie Alliance had this plan too, and they even succeeded. But the reason was not because Old Ancestor Xue Hu stole immortal zombies from the graveyard. It seems that the course of history will not alter easily, in this life, Zombie Alliance is building this giant Immortal Gu formation again.”


 Fang Yuan could not stop them, of course.


 Zombie Alliance was a huge force, Blazing Heaven Demoness, who was just the leader of a branch, was already able to suppress him firmly.


 If not for Fang Yuan’s immense value which interested Blazing Heaven Demoness, choosing to cooperate with him, Fang Yuan might have been dead already.


 But no matter how strong Blazing Heaven Demoness was, Fang Yuan would not let go of the compensation that he was entitled to.


 “Blazing Heaven Demoness’ action is going against our alliance agreement, right?” Fang Yuan asked as he looked at Fairy Li Shan.


 Fairy Li Shan smiled bitterly.


 This was indeed Blazing Heaven Demoness violating the agreement.


 According to their alliance agreement, Blazing Heaven Demoness had to give Fang Yuan quite a sum of compensation.


 Unless Fang Yuan was willing to forgo the compensation claim, Blazing Heaven Demoness would have to pay him, otherwise the backlash of the agreement would heavily injure her.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was feeling regret towards this as well.


 If she had known this, why would she fund Fang Yuan? Wasn’t a different condition better? Even if she wanted to fund him, she could do so in a different way that did not break the agreement.


 The plan of Zombie Alliance caught Blazing Heaven Demoness off guard, since Fang Yuan refused to let go, she could only compensate him.



***
Chapter 951 - Genius of a Generation, Feng Jiu Ge!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ compensation was very satisfactory.


 Firstly, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ recently funded immortal materials were all waived, Fang Yuan did not need to pay her back. Secondly, Blazing Heaven Demoness lent Fang Yuan three fire path Immortal Gu and gave him a large number of mortal Gu.


 These three fire path Immortal Gu along with the countless mortal Gu could create the fire path immortal killer move — Nirvana Fire.


 Speaking of which, Blazing Heaven Demoness was quite unlucky.


 She had funded Fang Yuan in refining star thought Immortal Gu, and provided him a huge amount of precious immortal materials. In the end, all of it went to waste and Fang Yuan did not need to pay her back.


 Even though Blazing Heaven Demoness had tampered with the immortal materials earlier, Fang Yuan had gained a lot of experience from it, he was very familiar with the refinement process of star thought Immortal Gu.


 Because of the alliance agreement, Fang Yuan obtained the details of the immortal killer move nirvana fire.


 Which Immortal Gu were the cores, how many supplementary mortal Gu were needed, what was the order of the Gu worms, Fang Yuan knew all of these clearly.


 But to use this killer move, there was a prerequisite — fire path dao marks needed to be expended from the Gu Immortal’s body!


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had cleverly concealed this fact, it was a small trap in the agreement.


 She wanted to increase her control over Fang Yuan using this.


 Since Fang Yuan did not have any fire path dao marks, if he wanted to revive using nirvana fire, he would need Blazing Heaven Demoness to use nirvana fire for him.


 Fang Yuan planned to modify the immortal killer move nirvana fire, using other Immortal Gu as the cores to achieve the same or similar results.


 And it would be best of these new core Immortal Gu were Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan possessed.


 This modification was very difficult, typical wisdom path Gu Immortals would not have any confidence in this, but Fang Yuan had high hopes for it.


 The reason was because wisdom Gu was inside Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The power of the rank nine wisdom Gu was simply brilliant, it could not be expressed with words!


 It was important for Fang Yuan to do this.


 The life-and-death immortal aperture revival method could allow him to revive, but it could only be used once on each immortal aperture. After revival, he would not be able to use wisdom Gu.


 If Fang Yuan could modify nirvana fire and freely change between being an immortal zombie and a living person, wisdom Gu would continue to assist him in unimaginable ways.


 “Blazing Heaven Demoness is tight on funds now, she needs to spend her own resources to refine Immortal Gu and complete the mandatory mission by Zombie Alliance. Thus, she had to lend out these three fire path Immortal Gu. If not for this situation, even if I requested it, she would not lend them to me so easily. With these three fire path Immortal Gu, my modification and deduction will be much easier!”


 Fang Yuan felt very pleased about this.


 The Gu formation plan of Zombie Alliance unexpectedly made him a beneficiary.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan was bathed in the light of wisdom, he deduced with all his energy, concentrating on modifying the killer move nirvana fire.


 Speaking of which, he had already gathered enough strength path immortal zombies and refined enough exert strength Gu, he even had a sixty year lifespan Gu.


 He had all three, he could activate the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method now to become a living Gu Immortal and obtain a high grade blessed land.


 But after obtaining nirvana fire, Fang Yuan was no longer satisfied with just this.


 Even though with Blazing Heaven Demoness’ interference, Fang Yuan was prevented from plotting against Hei Lou Lan and obtaining a super grade blessed land, because of this opportunity, he obtained nirvana fire and if he used it well, he would be able to continue using wisdom Gu.


 Summing up his gains and losses, Fang Yuan was uncertain if he had overall made a gain or a loss.


 Just as Fang Yuan was modifying the immortal killer move, Zhao Lian Yun had already stepped into Luo Po valley.


 She was the key to rescuing Feng Jiu Ge.


 There was only one person who came along with her as the rescue team from Spirit Affinity House.


 Prince Feng Xian!


 His rank eight cultivation could face any challenges.


 On the surface, he was a Northern Plains righteous path Gu Immortal, and was an external supreme elder of a super force, Gong tribe. He did not have the Huang Jin bloodline in him, and because he had some grievances with Gong tribe, he had been living outside for many years.


 The truth was, he was a disciple of Spirit Affinity House. The Central Continent force had spent a huge effort and price to send him into Northern Plains as their highest level spy, his main task being in regards to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Normally, Prince Feng Xian could not be used easily. If any traces were exposed, Prince Feng Xian’s secret status, which had been hidden for hundreds of years, would be wasted.


 But it was different now because of Feng Jiu Ge. He was the face of Spirit Affinity House, currently, he already could suppress the rest of Central Continent, if he advanced to rank eight, with his talent and ability, in time, he would be an expert even among rank eights. His existence meant more benefits. His life and death would tilt the balance between the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, and even change the situation of the entire Central Continent Gu Immortal world.


 Thus, Spirit Affinity House took a risk in using the hidden agent Prince Feng Xian, to try and save him as soon as possible!


 Prince Feng Xian and Zhao Lian Yun, a mortal and an immortal, moved forward in Luo Po valley.


 “Lord, I would like to ask a question. If I can save Lord Feng Jiu Ge, will I be able to become the next generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House?” While traveling, Zhao Lian Yun asked this.


 Prince Feng Xian wore a mask, his figure was blurry, he was shrouded in fog, his true appearance was concealed.


 He said softly with a smile: “It is not so easy to become Spirit Affinity House’s next generation fairy. But if you can save Feng Jiu Ge, then it would almost be guaranteed that you succeed. I heard that his daughter Feng Jin Huang is the top competitor for this title. If you become the savior of her father’s life, she would step down from this contest for sure.”


 “So that’s it...” Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes shined with the light of hope.


 Even though she had the soul of an adult, after she went to Spirit Affinity House, she was very cooperative, she did not conceal anything and acted obediently.


 Because she had understood what world she was in.


 Without strength, no matter how intelligent you was, you were like a loose strand of grass, once the wind blew, you would be blown away and sent into danger.


 She understood that she needed to rely on Spirit Affinity House to save Ma Hong Yun.


 But it was unrealistic to get Spirit Affinity House to attack Snowy Mountain.


 Zhao Lian Yun had understood the rules of Spirit Affinity House, all the generations of fairies were fully nurtured by the sect. In Spirit Affinity House’s long history, all of these fairies had become Gu Immortals, they had immense strength and had significant authority in the sect.


 “To save brother Hong Yun, I need to rely on myself. Brother Hong Yun, you must hang in there!” Zhao Lian Yun prayed for Ma Hong Yun internally.


 Prince Feng Xian suddenly stopped moving: “Found it, it is here.”


 Using the Immortal Gu from Spirit Affinity House, Prince Feng Xian obtained an immortal killer move that was specialized in finding the Thieving Heaven inheritance.


 To use this killer move, they had to move slowly.


 Prince Feng Xian brought Zhao Lian Yun and walked for over two hours before they located the Thieving Heaven inheritance in the giant Luo Po valley.


 Prince Feng Xian activated his Immortal Gu, and in a few minutes, an entrance of light opened.


 Whoosh!


 The entrance of light had just opened when an intense wind blew.


 Prince Feng Xian was shocked: “How can the winds of assimilation be here?!”


 He quickly activated his Immortal Gu, using a killer move and grabbing with his hand.


 The winds of assimilation were condensed into a ball, grabbed tightly by Prince Feng Xian in his hand.


 But soon, Prince Feng Xian’s hand started trembling as his expression turned pale: “Quickly go in, I can only control it for a moment!”


 Zhao Lian Yun swiftly acknowledged his words, even though she could not see his face, she could hear how anxious he was from his voice.


 Zhao Lian Yun stepped in and saw a familiar sight.


 Like the previous inheritance space, this place was empty. The only thing here were over a dozen tornadoes of the winds of assimilation, moving slowly in the space like tall pillars.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s heart was pounding.


 Even though she did not know what the winds of assimilation were, from the actions of Prince Feng Xian, she knew that they were incredibly powerful.


 “You are finally here, quickly come to me.” A voice was transmitted into her ears.


 Zhao Lian Yun was shocked, she took a step back: “Who are you?”


 “I am Feng Jiu Ge, hurry, come here now.” The voice was extremely weak, it sounded like a dying old man who was holding onto his last breath.


 Zhao Lian Yun hesitated.


 She could hear that the voice came from within one of the tornadoes of the winds of assimilation.


 Zhao Lian Yun also realized that the tornadoes were all gathering towards the most central one, they were moving slowly, like a group of lions stalking and eyeing up on their food.


 “Don’t worry, you are an otherworldly demon, you have received the acceptance of Thieving Heaven’s will, the winds of assimilation are harmless to you.”


 Feng Jiu Ge paused before speaking with difficulty: “Didn’t you come to save me? If I stay here, you will not be able to inherit this Thieving Heaven inheritance.”


 Zhao Lian Yun licked her dry lips.


 She knew that she had to make a decision now.


 Time waits for no one.


 Zhao Lian Yun carefully got closer to a tornado of the winds of assimilation, the tornado’s power was very concentrated, Zhao Lian Yun could only feel a light breeze when she was beside it.


 She stretched out her trembling hand as she placed it into the tornado.


 If any Gu Immortal saw this, they would cry out in shock. But Zhao Lian Yun’s ignorance made her less fearful, she did not know the power of the winds of assimilation, and she chose to believe in Feng Jiu Ge.


 Like what Feng Jiu Ge had said, the winds of assimilation that even Prince Feng Xian could not deal with were harmless towards Zhao Lian Yun. After Zhao Lian Yun placed her hand into it, the tornado shrunk at an observable rate, in a few breaths’ time, it vanished.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s voice was transmitted again: “See, wasn’t I correct? This inheritance space has a power greater than the winds of assimilation, thus it cannot be destroyed. You are an otherworldly demon accepted by this space, with it protecting you, you are in no danger.”


 Zhao Lian Yun was overjoyed: “Lord Feng Jiu Ge, I will save you now!”


 She rushed into the tornadoes, charging her way in, as the winds of assimilation vanished wherever she went.


 Eventually, she reached the center, and the largest wind pillar trapping Feng Jiu Ge dispersed.


 Next, she saw that Feng Jiu Ge was sitting cross-legged in the air, three meters from the ground. His face was rosy and his robe was clean, but his eyes were shut tight.


 “Lord Feng Jiu Ge...” Zhao Lian Yun called out lightly.


 Feng Jiu Ge slowly opened his eyes, his expression was clear as jade.


 He did not speak, he opened his right hand and showed it to Zhao Lian Yun.


 There were two words written with blood on his palm.


 Zhao Lian Yun looked at it in confusion, turning her gaze towards Feng Jiu Ge again.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled lightly at her, next, his entire body scattered with the wind, it disintegrated and vanished on the spot.


 Zhao Lian Yun was left staring blankly.


 The greatest genius of a generation, Feng Jiu Ge, had passed away!



***
Chapter 952 - Fang Yuan’s First Entry into Luo Po Valley


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Because the rate of time was different, half a month had already passed here.


 In the underground cave, Fang Yuan was bathed in the light of wisdom as he deduced quietly as usual.


 In here, he did not need to use the killer move vaguely familiar face, he was in his original zombie appearance.


 He did not move, he sat still like a rock.


 But in his mind, countless starlight specks were shining, as thoughts clashed endlessly within.


 “Puff...” A long while later, he let out a breath, he opened his eyes and showed an extremely tired expression.


 He stood up with difficulty, after undergoing such a long period of intense thinking, his mind was hurting and he felt waves of dizziness.


 Even though he was a wisdom path grandmaster, his fire path attainment level was too low, he could only maintain each deduction for seven days and nights.


 After seven days and nights, he would need to rest, unable to continue further.


 His mind was like a simmering cauldron, it needed time to cool down frequently. If not, his mind would suffer considerable damage.


 “After so many days, I have only completed twenty percent of nirvana fire’s modification. And this was with the effect of the light of wisdom. If I did it alone, I would need countless years to reach my current progress.”


 Immortal killer move were very hard to create.


 The killer move nirvana fire was even more profound. Using fire path to display the mysteries of life and death, if Blazing Heaven Demoness was not a fire path great grandmaster, she might not have successfully created this move.


 Fang Yuan left the underground cave and returned to Dang Hun palace to rest.


 After sleeping for half a day, his mind was refreshed, but according to his experience, Fang Yuan still needed to rest for an entire night before he could recover fully.


 Hu Immortal blessed land did not have day and night, there were no changes in the sky.


 But if it did, then there were would still be six hours until night time.


 Fang Yuan was unwilling to waste his time, he activated connecting heaven Gu and his consciousness entered treasure yellow heaven. During this period of time, he selectively put some rank eight immortal materials up for sale, to exchange for a large amount of food to feed his Immortal Gu.


 Of course, the more precious quasi rank nine immortal materials were kept in his possession.


 The rank eight immortal materials that he sold were the lowest quality among his inventory.


 Even so, waves of commotion were created in treasure yellow heaven as a result.


 The attraction of rank eight immortal materials was huge. This allowed Fang Yuan to easily complete the current goal of feeding his Immortal Gu.


 “If not for these rank eight immortal materials, I would be troubled by this for a long time.” Fang Yuan was feeling the burden of feeding Immortal Gu now.


 He had simply too many Immortal Gu on him right now.


 Very few Gu Immortals had so many Immortal Gu in their possession.


 The burden of feeding these Immortal Gu was huge.


 Actually, quality was more important than quantity for Immortal Gu. Like Xue Song Zi, he only had one Immortal Gu, but after Shadow Sect gave him a set of immortal killer moves, he fought without any clear weaknesses. In this situation, he was making full use of his Immortal Gu.


 “The most common situation is to feed a small number of Immortal Gu and use them as the cores to create many different immortal killer move to deal with different situations.”


 Fang Yuan knew this, but he had no choice.


 He could not sell these Immortal Gu easily.


 Transactions of Immortal Gu were very rare, even if there occurred, they traded Immortal Gu for Immortal Gu.


 After settling the final deal in treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu feeding session ended for the time being.


 As for the refinement of star thought Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had set it aside.


 He still had the rank six Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu, but he did not plan to refine it. Even though he lost self strength Immortal Gu and his battle strength fell drastically.


 The success rate of refining Immortal Gu was too low, in order to refine star thought Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan suffered huge losses.


 Right now, he felt sick every time he heard about refining Immortal Gu. He felt some pity and sympathy towards the immortal zombies who were refining Immortal Gu collectively right now.


 He did not lack immortal essence stones currently, but his funds were all spent on the building of Star Form blessed land.


 During this period, Fang Yuan had been multitasking.


 Star Form land spirit had been working laboriously, following the design plans of Fang Yuan in building the new structures. Right now, Star Form blessed land was already forty percent done with the new development.


 But with the revival method, Fang Yuan no longer felt such urgency towards Star Form blessed land.


 Fang Yuan also did not plan to move Hu Immortal blessed land’s resources into Star Form blessed land.


 During this period, Fang Yuan’s time in Hu Immortal blessed land was fulfilling and peaceful.


 His main effort was on modifying the killer move nirvana fire.


 Everything was prepared now, he only lacked the final critical elements!


 Once nirvana fire was completed, Fang Yuan would revive and obtain a high grade blessed land. Next, he will move all of the blessed lands’ resources into his own immortal aperture.


 This was the safest and fastest way.


 Undoubtedly, once this plan succeeds, Fang Yuan’s future would be bright.


 Fang Yuan waited patiently.


 He was not anxious, even though he had been seeking this goal for a long time.


 His experiences in the five hundred years of his previous life trained his incredible level of patience.


 But just when he was preparing to rest for the night before continuing his killer move modification, Hei Lou Lan requested help from him.


 “You will never imagine what I found in Hei Cheng’s soul!” Using a stargate, Hei Lou Lan arrived in front of Fang Yuan excitedly.


 After Hei Cheng died, his soul was captured by Hei Lou Lan.


 These last days, Hei Lou Lan had obtained lots of shocking information from Hei Cheng’s soul. What moved her the most was the hundred days battle in Luo Po valley!


 “Fang Yuan, you have the ability to move mountains, I need you to retrieve Luo Po valley for me! Don’t worry, I will give you enough compensation! We have to move quickly before complications arise!” Hei Lou Lan acted rapidly.


 Luo Po valley...


 Fang Yuan did not speak, he thought of the open door Gu and close door Gu in his possession.


 He had the clue to Luo Po valley long ago, but he was bothered with other matters and did not head there.


 Now, after receiving Hei Lou Lan’s information, he was internally glad about his vigilance and careful decision.


 Luo Po valley was under the control of Shadow Sect long ago, it was their base. If Fang Yuan headed there abruptly, without enough strength, he would be easily captured by the other party. Even if he struggled while risking his life, his enemies would be too powerful, there would be little hope of escaping.


 “But now is a chance!” Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shined brightly.


 Fang Yuan nodded, agreeing: “Shadow Sect failed and Luo Po valley is controlled by the Central Continent Gu Immortals now. But they are from another region after all, they cannot stay for long. We just need to leak some information to force them to escape.”


 Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan did not know that the Central Continent Gu Immortals had already left Northern Plains, returning to Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan had always been weak in collecting information. In terms of Northern Plains, he relied on Fairy Li Shan. In terms of Central Continent, Immortal Crane Sect would never reveal such secrets to him.


 “This group of people should be trying to investigate the culprit behind the fall of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they are after us. But for some reason, their investigation led to Shadow Sect.” Hei Lou Lan chuckled.


 Fang Yuan pondered: “Compared to this, I am more concerned about the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie. He is a member of Shadow Sect, why was he saved by Zombie Alliance?”


 When the mysterious Gu Immortal revealed his identity as a ten extreme immortal zombie, Hei Cheng was there as well, thus this precious information was leaked.


 “Sigh, there are many secretive Gu Immortals and Gu Master forces. Zombie Alliance has a loose structure, many of the members have their own forces, this is nothing strange, right?” Hei Lou Lan said nonchalantly.


 “Shadow Sect is not to be underestimated!” Fang Yuan had a heavy expression: “Shadow Sect members are not afraid of sacrifice, the unity of this mysterious force is simply too high.”


 This was not the first time Fang Yuan had heard of Shadow Sect.


 Back in Southern Border, he had heard about it from Chou Jiu.


 Fang Yuan even knew that the door of life and death was inside Shadow Sect’s blessed land. But he did not make any plans regarding it.


 The reason was that his strength was too low, and there was no good opportunity.


 It was very difficult to attack a blessed land and not attract attention. Shadow Sect was mysterious and stretched across Southern Border and Northern Plains, they were not to be trifled with.


 “Alright, enough of that. Luo Po valley is right in front of us, I am inviting you and my aunts to explore it. We will split the gains according to our alliance agreement.” Hei Lou Lan said anxiously.


 Fang Yuan understood why she was in a rush.


 This was truly an incredibly rare opportunity.


 Fang Yuan was excited too.


 He still had open door Gu and close door Gu in his possession, he wanted to know if these two Gu worms could grant him any different treatment in Luo Po valley.


 But before going, some things had to be said.


 “You want to take Luo Po valley completely, I do not agree with that.” Fang Yuan said firmly.


 Hei Lou Lan stared with furious eyes, her gaze shined with a ruthless light: “What do you mean? I found the information on Luo Po valley!”


 Fang Yuan laughed, he said the location of Luo Po valley.


 Hei Lou Lan was shocked, she was staring at Fang Yuan with much suspicion.


 She had withheld some information earlier, she did not tell Fang Yuan this piece of important information!


 Fang Yuan took out open door Gu and close door Gu. Like how Hei Lou Lan exposed attitude Gu to them, since these Gu worms were going to be used anyway and could not be concealed, he openly explained it.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted, looking at Fang Yuan disdainfully: “Without my information, would you dare to go? By the time you are willing to go, the chance would have been lost.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Don’t be so agitated, I am just saying your information is not as important as you think.”


 But Hei Lou Lan acted very agitated.


 Next, they went into an intense verbal fight.


 Both sides were breathing roughly with exertion written on their faces, their demeanor as Gu Immortals was disregarded, but they came to an agreement.


 The ownership of Luo Po valley was divided up.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness would take fifty percent, Fairy Li Shan would take twenty, while Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan would take ten percent each.


 Hei Lou Lan was very crafty, she used her two aunts to force Fang Yuan to give in.


 Ten percent of the ownership might be little, but it achieved Fang Yuan’s goal.


 He just needed the rights to use it.


 Fang Yuan had never thought of taking Luo Po valley for himself. After all, Hei Lou Lan had Blazing Heaven Demoness backing her.


 However, Blazing Heaven Demoness was busy refining Gu, and as a rank eight, her every action would garner great attention. She transmitted to them: Since Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel anyway, if they were in any danger, she would be able to save them.


 In the end, only Fang Yuan, Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan went.


 “Oh no, some people have entered Luo Po valley!” Hui Feng Zi, who was hidden outside guarding the entrance, saw Fang Yuan and the others and quickly reported it.


 Soon, Prince Feng Xian was informed of it!



***
Chapter 953 - Late By One Step


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After Hui Feng Zi surrendered in battle, he was subdued by Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects. The Central Continent Gu Immortals returned while leaving him behind to keep watch over Luo Po valley.


 He had just sided with Central Continent and had originally been unwilling, and was only a temporary hired hand, so naturally he did not have the qualifications to know of Prince Feng Xian’s true identity.


 He only knew an immortal and a mortal had entered Luo Po valley, while he was keeping watch for them.


 He was at the mercy of others and had no choice but to slog for Central Continent; the moment he saw Hei Lou Lan and the rest of the group, he quickly used information path methods to inform Prince Feng Xian who was inside Luo Po valley.


 Prince Feng Xian quickly obtained the information. At this moment, his hand was still slightly shaking.


 Clearing up the winds of assimilation was truly not easy.


 Just from this, Prince Feng Xian could not help but admire Feng Jiu Ge. The latter was actually able to last for so long under the winds of assimilation. He truly did not know how Feng Jiu Ge was able to do this.


 Unfortunately, Feng Jiu Ge was already dead!


 The process of inheriting the Thieving Heaven true inheritance was extremely fast.


 Only the identity needed to be checked and if one was indeed an otherworldly demon, the Thieving Heaven inheritance would go to them.


 After Feng Jiu Ge died, the inheritance space only had Zhao Lian Yun remaining. So, she quickly obtained this inheritance — Ghostly Concealment.


 Right at this moment, she returned to Prince Feng Xian’s side and reported the news of Feng Jiu Ge’s death.


 “Sigh, we were late.” Prince Feng Xian sighed inwardly.


 He then grabbed Zhao Lian Yun’s shoulder and flew away.


 An immortal and a mortal were soon away of the scene.


 At present, Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness’ relation was already known by everyone.


 Prince Feng Xian did not want to get in a fight.


 The social circle of rank eight Gu Immortals was very small.


 In the whole of Northern Plains, the number of rank eight Gu Immortals on the surface was only five.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Yao Huang, Prince Feng Xian and Five Elements Grandmaster.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was a rank eight immortal zombie who was barely able to join in this circle.


 One could say all six of them were very familiar with each other, and had fought and sparred with each other many times. To exaggerate it, if someone farted, they would know who it was, and they would recognize someone even if they turned into ashes.


 Were Prince Feng Xian to attack Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, Blazing Heaven Demoness would definitely come out.


 In Prince Feng Xian’s opinion, Blazing Heaven Demoness might already be secretly lurking in the surroundings.


 Prince Feng Xian’s identity was very special, he could not rashly make a move. If he made a move and Blazing Heaven Demoness recognized his identity, that would truly mess up the situation.


 Why would Prince Feng Xian appear in Luo Po valley?


 Gu Immortals were not idiots, they would easily guess Prince Feng Xian had a secret link with Shadow Sect or perhaps Central Continent forces.


 One should not forget the existence of wisdom path Gu Immortals in this world!


 Prince Feng Xian was looking at the overall situation and in caution, he took the initiative to retreat, avoiding leaving behind any clues or evidence that could be deduced by wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others still did not know they had already forced a rank eight great expert to ‘retreat’.


 They broke the concealment seal outside and entered inside Luo Po valley, inspecting their surroundings.


 Luo Po valley was a scene of ruins, this valley of legend had experienced the hundred days battle and was already half-ruined. Moreover, the remains of the valley was already beyond recognition, as almost everywhere were Gu formations arranged by Gu Immortals.


 Some of these Gu formations were the works of Shadow Sect while some were arranged by Central Continent’s Hong Chi Ming.


 These Gu formations had no doubt an extremely bad influence to Luo Po valley’s environment. It was to the extent that the bewilderment fog which blew all year round in Luo Po valley, and Luo Po wind, were nowhere to be seen.


 The group of three began to roughly search Luo Po valley.


 Fang Yuan found some remains of white lotus giant silkworm Gu.


 He sighed, feeling some regret.


 He had learned from Hei Lou Lan that there had been large numbers of white lotus giant silkworm Gu in Luo Po valley, but the hundred days battle caused the death of most of them, and when the Central Continent Gu Immortals swept through the battlefield later, they did not leave behind any living ones.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had already obtained enough white lotus giant silkworm Gu in treasure yellow heaven, and fed cleanse soul Immortal Gu.


 This proved that the accumulation of those old senior Gu Immortals could not be looked down upon. Naturally, the prior condition was you needed to have something enticing enough to make them act and carry out the transaction.


 Under Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s attentive gazes, Fang Yuan used open door Gu and close door Gu.


 No response!


 Open door Gu and close door Gu were the inheritances of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, but this place was already occupied by Shadow Sect and there were Gu formations everywhere, turning Luo Po valley into a stronghold or a fortress.


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh, he realized the Thieving Heaven inheritance was already taken by someone else. Most probably it was Shadow Sect.


 But his guess was wrong.


 The true beneficiary of the Thieving Heaven true inheritance was Zhao Lian Yun and Central Continent’s forces.


 What’s more, she had inherited it just a short while ago.


 Prince Feng Xian was late in saving Feng Jiu Ge, and Fang Yuan was also late by a step to arrive at Luo Po valley.


 “Even if Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had left behind an inheritance, so many years have gone by, it is normal for it to be taken by others. The true treasure is still Luo Po valley!” Hei Lou Lan patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder and said with a smile.


 Fang Yuan knew she was urging him to hurry up and get to work.


 Fang Yuan nodded, and activated Immortal Gu to slowly lift the whole of Luo Po valley.


 Fairy Li Shan closely cooperated from another side, countless Gu worms flying all around.


 “They are actually going to take Luo Po valley!” Hui Feng Zi had been spying from outside and was shocked at this sight.


 Prince Feng Xian was also surprised.


 He had not expected Hei Lou Lan’s side actually had such an unorthodox method!


 This truly caught Prince Feng Xian unprepared. He hesitated, but finally decided to restrain himself and do nothing.


 After spending an hour, Fang Yuan succeeded in storing Luo Po valley in his immortal aperture.


 “There are still blessed lands here, but just to be safe, we better leave now.” Ever since Hei Lou Lan failed in passing the calamity, she had become more self-controlled and had lost almost all her rashness.


 Although Luo Po valley was extremely ruined, but with Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Landscape as Before, it could definitely be restored.


 Compared to the blessed lands, Luo Po valley’s value was extremely difficult to replace.


 Many Gu Immortals had fallen here in the hundred days battle. After they died, their immortal apertures should have become blessed lands hidden in space within this place.


 Fang Yuan could take away Luo Po valley, but he could not bring these blessed lands.


 However, now was not a good time to search for them.


 After taking Luo Po valley, Fang Yuan and the group quickly made their retreat.


 “They left really quickly, they know their situation.” Far away, Prince Feng Xian quietly looked at the receding figures of the three people, his gaze dark and cold.


 Although he could not make a move, he had the two female Gu Immortals, Swordmaster You Lan and Le Yao, under him, and he also had other secret forces.


 Prince Feng Xian had hidden in Northern Plains for hundreds of years, naturally, he would have accumulated quite a bit of strength.


 He had still been wanting to find trouble for Fang Yuan and the others, but they left too quickly, so he was unable to chase them.


 Prince Feng Xian glanced at the battlefield of the hundred days battle, Luo Po valley was already gone, this place had now become an empty desolate land.


 Although the auras of Immortal Gu were removed as much as possible, an expert could still sense some clues.


 So many Gu Immortals had died here, these blessed lands themselves were rich resources.


 Prince Feng Xian naturally would not give them up.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals behind him also would not give them up and would definitely move to retrieve these blessed lands.


 As for the Immortal Gu, he did not have to even think about it, they were certainly already destroyed.


 Retrieving blessed lands, especially ones that fell in foreign regions, was a difficult and troublesome matter.


 “I hope this troublesome matter doesn’t fall upon me, it is better if those other nine ancient sects take up the trouble. Feng Jiu Ge died from the winds of assimilation, he left behind nothing except two words in blood. I should first send back Zhao Lian Yun and this important information to the sect!”


 Prince Feng Xian did not remain any longer and immediately left with Zhao Lian Yun.


 As for Hui Feng Zi, he was still left behind to watch over the blessed lands.


 “This is Xiao Hun blessed land.” Hei Lou Lan brought Fang Yuan and Fairy Li Shan to the blessed land left by Hei Cheng.


 This blessed land was clearly dominated by dark path and soul path dao marks, the whole of the blessed land was dim and gloomy, giving an oppressive feeling.


 In the central area of the blessed land was a large and dense forest.


 The trees were in all kinds of postures resembling female bodies. This was a special resource Hei Cheng had raised in his immortal aperture.


 This kind of tree was not found in the nature, Hei Cheng could be considered its creator.


 Thus these female-shaped trees were also one of a kind.


 Hei Lou Lan had already thought of the place for Luo Po valley, calling out the land spirit.


 Xiao Hun blessed land’s land spirit looked rather peculiar, it was a jade-green vine. The vine was like a cloth, attaching itself onto that familial emotion left behind by Su Xian Er to Hei Lou Lan.


 Fairy Li Shan introduced to Fang Yuan with a sigh: “Xiao Hun land spirit’s ownership condition was to stay together forever with Su Xian Er. So after Little Lan took out sister’s familial emotion, she easily became the master of this blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan was also slightly surprised.


 Who could have thought that Hei Cheng’s final obsession before his death was actually Su Xian Er.


 It could be seen he truly loved Su Xian Er and even during the moments of his death, what he thought of was still her.


 Humans were truly complicated creatures.


 Turbulent events occurred over time, most people did not understand themselves fully even until their deaths.


 “Little Lan, you have returned.” Su Xian Er’s familial emotion looked at Hei Lou Lan with love.


 “Mother.” Su Xian Er softly called out, then ordered the land spirit.


 The land spirit brought the three to another part of the blessed land in an instant.


 The land spirit’s movement ability signified this blessed land had a lot of space path dao marks. Fang Yuan’s Star Form blessed land had few space path dao marks, so Star Form land spirit did not have the ability to teleport.


 Boom, Fang Yuan placed down Luo Po valley.


 Fairy Li Shan could not help but smile at the completion of this task: “Fang Yuan, you have Dang Hun Mountain, I have Miniscule Mountain, and Little Lan has Luo Po valley. Haha, this is interesting, we actually have possession of three secluded domains of heaven and earth!”


 Gazing at the Luo Po valley below him, Fang Yuan also could not help but reveal some look of expectation.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley were proclaimed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable as the two treasures of soul path cultivation. Fang Yuan was already gaining endless profits from Dang Hun Mountain. He wondered how this Luo Po valley would make him grow.



***
Chapter 954 - Blue


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House, discussion hall.


 There were fifteen Gu Immortals in the sect, more than half of them had come in person.


 This was a rare sight.


 There were meetings held in the sect quite often, Gu Immortals only needed to participate with their will or emotion.


 But now, there were eight Gu Immortals who came in person, including the only two rank eight Gu Immortals in Spirit Affinity House.


 The reason for this situation was Feng Jiu Ge’s disappearance.


 Spirit Affinity House’s Gu Immortals felt uneasy and uncertain towards the future.


 “This time, we gathered everyone here to declare important information.” Spirit Affinity House’s first supreme elder sat at the main seat as she looked around, speaking solemnly.


 Spirit Affinity House was very different from the other nine sects in one aspect.


 They had a high proportion of female immortals.


 Spirit Affinity House had ten female Gu Immortals, but only five male Gu Immortals.


 Spirit Affinity House’s first supreme elder and second supreme elder were both female rank eight immortals.


 At this moment, everyone’s attentions were focused on first supreme elder.


 First supreme elder was expressionless, but second supreme elder beside her had a grim expression.


 The Gu Immortals observed their reactions and had a very bad feeling.


 As expected, first supreme elder’s following words were like a huge rock crashing into their hearts.


 “It has been confirmed, Feng Jiu Ge has died in Northern Plains. He died inside the winds of assimilation, he did not leave behind anything but two words written in blood.”


 All of the immortals’ hearts sank.


 Fairy Bai Qing, who attended the meeting personally, felt her head spinning as her expression paled.


 Even though they were mentally prepared, when they heard the news, everything still found it unbelievable.


 Feng Jiu Ge, who was so strong, actually died in Northern Plains. In contrast, the Gu Immortals who were weaker than him were alive and returned to their sects.


 Honestly speaking, when Feng Jiu Ge went to Northern Plains, nobody expected this ending.


 Since long ago, Feng Jiu Ge’s strength was ingrained into everyone’s minds. He was the face of Spirit Affinity House, he had even become a symbol.


 Now that he was dead, the immortals felt dejected and empty inside.


 Even those who were against him, Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, had the same feelings.


 First supreme elder continued: “Look at the information path Gu worms in front of you, the details are recorded inside, take a look.”


 The Gu Immortals looked into the Gu worms.


 “Sigh, Lord Feng Jiu Ge died in the winds of assimilation, it was not an unworthy death.” Long after, a Gu Immortal broke the silence in the hall.


 Fairy Bai Qing’s eyes were shut, her body was trembling slightly, the intense pain and grief engulfed her like a tsunami.


 She loved Feng Jiu Ge so deeply, and Feng Jiu Ge loved her just as much.


 Her mind was filled with the scene before he left. To think that it was the last time she would see him!


 People were often played by destiny.


 Right now, she was alive while he was dead, she was in Central Continent while he perished in Northern Plains!


 Fairy Bai Qing did not dare to open her eyes, she was afraid that her tears would flow out uncontrollably if she did.


 She tried to think of her daughter and said to herself internally: “Bai Qing, oh Bai Qing, you must stay strong. At this time, you cannot let others see your weakness!”


 She took a few deep breaths, slowly opening her eyes. Her eyes were watery and had redness in them.


 At this moment, the immortals in the hall were discussing Feng Jiu Ge’s final action.


 “Before Feng Jiu Ge died, he wrote ‘Bo Qing’ on his palm, what was he trying to say?”


 “In my opinion, this lead is very important. Feng Jiu Ge must have understood something while under the immense pressure of death. It is a pity that he was already beyond saving when he met Zhao Lian Yun, he did not have the strength to speak anymore, he only left this clue for us.”


 “Feng Jiu Ge was investigating the truth behind the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, what does that have to do with Bo Qing?”


 “Feng Jiu Ge and Bo Qing are very similar people. Of course, Bo Qing was much stronger than him, he was at the peak of Central Continent, even Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had to bow to him. At that time, Spirit Affinity House was at its most glorious period! Back then, many people thought highly of him, that he would become a sword path Immortal Venerable. It was a pity that he failed in the end.”


 “We all know about Bo Qing’s information. What I want to know is, why did Feng Jiu Ge write his name before dying? What was he trying to tell us?”


 The hall became silent, a Gu Immortal opened their mouth: “Did everyone forget? In the information returned, Feng Jiu Ge had fought against Qin Bai Sheng who used five finger fist heart sword. This killer move was created by Bo Qing, it was his signature killer move.”


 “Feng Jiu Ge was trying to say that the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was related to Bo Qing?”


 “According to my deduction, he should have thought that since the other party had five finger fist heart sword, they must be related to Bo Qing in some way. Bo Qing was a Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House, we will have an advantage in investigating it, this is an important lead.”


 “That is indeed the case, back then, Bo Qing died under the tribulation, not even his ashes were left. How can his killer move be used by a Northern Plains Gu Immortal?”


 The Gu Immortal talked about it for a while, they had all sorts of ideas, but none were reliable.


 First supreme elder raised her hand, her action made the hall turn quiet.


 “No matter what, we have to investigate Bo Qing’s matter. I will pass this mission to you, Bai Qing.”


 Hearing first supreme elder call her name, Fairy Bai Qing turned around and looked at first supreme elder, agreeing.


 These was her husband’s final words before dying!


 Fairy Bai Qing would exert all her efforts to investigate this lead, and find the truth.


 “Only we will know about Feng Jiu Ge’s death, conceal it as much as possible. Whoever leaks this information will be come under trial as a traitor of the sect!” First supreme elder called out coldly: “Next, we will talk about the forces that are under our sect’s control in Central Continent.”


 Feng Jiu Ge’s death created many problems for Spirit Affinity House.


 Even though the sect had two rank eight Gu Immortals, unless they were in a perilous situation, these two Gu Immortals would not move easily.


 There were many reasons.


 Firstly, rank eight cultivation level was like treading on thin ice, the Gu Immortals would be very careful, and spend all their efforts on the tribulations. If they were careless, and lost their battle strength from fighting, they would die under the terrifying might of the tribulations.


 Secondly, the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had a sole origin, that was Heavenly Court. With Heavenly Court around, the conflicts of the ten great ancient sects would never escalate, they did not require rank eight Gu Immortals to intervene.


 Thus, in the world of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, or even in all five regions, the most active ones were rank seven Gu Immortals and rank six Gu Immortals.


 And among rank sevens, the invincible Feng Jiu Ge was important beyond words for the sect.


 Because of his existence, Spirit Affinity House could expand to such a size, and occupy countless precious resource points.


 With Feng Jiu Ge’s demise, Spirit Affinity House was much less of a threat towards the other sects. The resources that they controlled were like pieces of delicious meat that attracted countless greedy gazes.


 “Xuanwu mountain range has rich resources, it is a treasury of immortal materials, at least one rank seven Gu Immortal needs to guard it.”


 “The mining inside the golden sand cave has reached a critical moment, we have already invested a huge amount of time and resources into it, now is the time we reap our harvest, we should not give it up.”


 “Reincarnation Battlefield is most important...”


 The Gu Immortals felt headaches, they had too large of a sphere of influence but too few Gu Immortals. Even if they were split their forces up to defend everywhere, they still had insufficient numbers.


 At this time, they finally realized that Feng Jiu Ge’s reputation was such a huge deterrence to the outside world.


 Fairy Bai Qing was silent.


 The Gu Immortals were talking about immortal materials or other resources constantly, nobody talked about Feng Jiu Ge anymore.


 It was as if Feng Jiu Ge’s existence ended with the discussion of the two words ‘Bo Qing’.


 Fairy Bai Qing felt some sadness towards this, “Husband, oh husband, you made so many contributions to the sect, yet in the end, these people forget about you in an instant.”


 In the entire process of the discussion, Fairy Bai Qing’s mind was not focused on it.


 The immortals could tell and understood why, even the strict first supreme elder did not criticize her.


 Only when the immortals mentioned Zhao Lian Yun did Fairy Bai Qing’s eyes light up, showing deep concern.


 If Feng Jiu Ge was still around, Feng Jiu Ge would almost certainly become Spirit Affinity House’s next generation fairy. But now that Feng Jiu Ge was gone, and Zhao Lian Yun appeared out of nowhere, she became Feng Jin Huang’s greatest threat.


 Fairy Bai Qing doted on her daughter, of course, thus she was very concerned about Zhao Lian Yun’s matters.


 She heard the Gu Immortals discuss:


 “Zhao Lian Yun inherited two Thieving Heaven true inheritances, did anything change in her?”


 “Otherworldly demons cannot be trusted!”


 “Divine concealment, ghostly concealment, these two are top tier defensive immortal killer moves, we are still researching on them... with our current progress, it is profound and unfathomable! These two immortal killer moves have formed two layers of dao marks cloaking Zhao Lian Yun’s soul, I have never seen such a unique usage of dao marks!”


 “These two layers of dao marks will always protect Zhao Lian Yun. We tried many methods to deduce her, but there is no effect. We as Gu Immortals are deducing a mortal, but we failed to get anything. If I did not experience it myself, I would not believe it.”


 “Did you all notice? Divine concealment and ghostly concealment are top tier defensive killer moves that do not expend immortal essence. They are like fortune rivalling heaven Gu, the power of venerables are truly hard to comprehend.”


 “Hiding from the deductions of thoughts, wills, and emotions, this is the defensive effect of divine concealment. Then what about ghostly concealment?”


 “That is still unclear, we have tried many methods. Oh, Zhao Lian Yun was very cooperative during the entire process. I feel that even though she is an otherworldly demon, she knows how to behave properly, she can be nurtured.”


 “This little fellow wants to save her lover. Hehe, but sadly, according to our intelligence, Old Ancestor Xue Hu has already gathered enough immortal materials, he will start the refinement soon.”


 Finally, first supreme elder concluded this meeting: “Continue researching, and also increase Zhao Lian Yun’s attachment to our sect. I am looking forward to her future!”


 At the same time, in a nameless forest.


 Seven Star Child immortal zombie looked at a mirror to communicate with someone.


 There was a vague elderly figure in the mirror.


 He spoke slowly: “All the preparations are in place. But Heavenly Court has already completed their last process of repairing fate Gu, you have to act in advance now.”


 “Understood.” Seven Star Child immortal zombie said solemnly.


 “Be careful, Vice Envoy Blue.” The figure in the mirror spoke again.


 Seven Star Child did not speak, he stopped activating this information path immortal killer move and the mirror vanished.


 Next, he turned around and entered deep into the forest without looking back.



***
Chapter 955 - Swords Traverse Central Continent


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The scene was quiet and dark.


 Under the hazy moonlight, shadows of trees seemed to be dancing.


 The occasional breeze, the cries of birds and the growls of beasts felt like the sleep talking of this mountain range.


 Lanterns were lit in a cabin in the mountain valley, giving off a dim light.


 Feng Jin Huang lay on the bed, weak and pale without a trace of rosiness on her face.


 She looked at Fairy Bai Qing who was sitting at the edge of the bed, and apologized: “Mother, I made a mistake, I will not do it again...”


 Fairy Bai Qing was grave: “Huang Er, I know what you are thinking about. You are cultivating so desperately that you have already injured yourself five or six times over these last dozens of days. I have warned you when you began cultivating, you need to be act according to what is natural and be in control. But what you are doing is going for more haste, which is instead causing you to progress slowly, you might even collapse and endanger your life as well!”


 Feng Jin Huang lowered her eyelids, speaking quietly: “Mother, I am sorry.”


 “I have already placed Gu in your body, as punishment, you cannot cultivate for seven days and seven nights and you can only move around this mountain valley. If you are hungry, you can pick up wild fruits, if you are thirsty, you can go drink from the mountain spring. Think properly over these days.” Fairy Bai Qing said in a heavy voice.


 “Mother, don’t!” Feng Jin Huang was very anxious.


 However, Fairy Bai Qing brushed her sleeves at Feng Jin Huang’s cheek.


 Immediately, an intense sleepiness attacked Feng Jin Huang’s mind.


 Her eyelids were extremely heavy and she felt so exhausted that she was not able to say anything.


 In the blink of an eye, she fell into a deep sleep.


 Seeing her daughter in a deep sleep but still frowning slightly, Fairy Bai Qing was sad and worried.


 Fairy Bai Qing had not informed Feng Jin Huang of Feng Jiu Ge’s death.


 On one hand, Spirit Affinity House wanted to conceal the news for as long as possible to make arrangements more easily. Feng Jin Huang, a mortal, was not qualified to know. After all, prying information from mortals were much easier than prying information from Gu Immortals.


 Secondly, Fairy Bai Qing did not know how she could inform her.


 Why was Feng Jin Huang cultivating so desperately? She was working hard to advance further, to become stronger so that she could look for her father and save him.


 How could Fairy Bai Qing tell the cruel truth to Feng Jin Huang?


 She could not bear to.


 “Sigh...” As she looked at her daughter’s face, Fairy Bai Qing heaved a long sigh.


 Her normally upright posture and dignified white robe, in this dim light, looked weak and dull.


 She was truly tired.


 Only now did she remove the disguise and revealed her true emotions.


 Fairy Bai Qing softly caressed Feng Jin Huang’s cheek. The love and affection in her gaze could even melt iron.


 Feng Jin Huang’s appearance combined the good features of Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Bai Qing.


 In her face, Fairy Bai Qing could vaguely see Feng Jiu Ge’s image.


 Feng Jiu Ge was dead, Feng Jin Huang was now her only sustenance to keep on living.


 In such a silent gaze, time passed and light was already shining in from outside the cabin.


 The light of dawn made Fairy Bai Qing realize the passing of time, she had to set out now.


 She stood up slowly, taking slow steps towards the outside, and closed the door carefully.


 She looked at the cabin in the valley deeply, murmuring to herself: “Huang Er, wait seven days for mother, you need to take care of yourself during this period and calm your mind.”


 Fairy Bai Qing was not worried about Feng Jin Huang’s safety.


 After all, this was Spirit Affinity House’s central region.


 Even if there were internal fights in the sect, they were limited and a move would not be made against Feng Jin Huang.


 Fairy Bai Qing stepped on the clouds and mist, flying towards the north-west direction.


 Her destination was the source of Falling Heavenly River.


 Why was she going there?


 She had received the sect mission to investigate Bo Qing, the clue left behind by Feng Jiu Ge.


 Bo Qing had been a Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House and the sect had large amounts of records on him which Fairy Bai Qing had looked through.


 In her investigation, Fairy Bai Qing discovered Bo Qing’s experiences were actually extremely similar to Feng Jiu Ge’s. What made her even more interested was Bo Qing’s lover, Mo Yao.


 Mo Yao had been the fairy of that generation of Spirit Affinity House, and unlike those of other generations, she was an inkman and not a human.


 But even so, Bo Qing and Mo Yao had fallen in love with each other at first sight.


 “Bo Qing might not have entered Northern Plains, but Mo Yao went to Northern Plains, even entering Imperial Court blessed land. Could Mo Yao be involved in the plan of destroying Eighty-Eight True Yang Building?”


 Fairy Bai Qing knew the reason that Mo Yao risked entering Imperial Court blessed land was to help her husband, Bo Qing, pass his tribulation.


 Back then, the peak rank eight Bo Qing was about to face tribulation to breakthrough to the rank nine level. Such a huge event had not only attracted the attention of Central Continent, but also the other four regions.


 Unfortunately, at the end, Bo Qing died, perishing in the terrifying tribulation. And Mo Yao also perished with him.


 In fact, all the Gu Immortals of Central Continent knew of this.


 Fairy Bai Qing had also heard of this many times in the past.


 But now, as she recalled, she got a different feeling, as if they were in the same boat.


 She even envied Mo Yao, even in death, she had died together with her husband. Both had not let each other down, they were a couple who were greatly in love with each other and had died worthy deaths.


 Fairy Bai Qing repeatedly investigated and racked her brains, but was not able to make much progress. She discovered some clues in the records of the sect, all pointing towards the same place — the source of the Falling Heavenly River.


 As there was no breakthrough in other aspects, Fairy Bai Qing decisively moved towards Falling Heavenly River to search for more clues.


 The source of Falling Heavenly River was the place where Bo Qing had perished in the past.


 Spirit Affinity House was quite far away from the source of Falling Heavenly River.


 If Fairy Bai Qing relied on her own methods, she would take up to a year to reach there.


 She naturally would not do so and had already made sufficient preparations before leaving.


 She flew rapidly, using Spirit Affinity House’s Gu formations constantly on the way to transport her, in one use, she could travel over a hundred thousand li, saving a large amount of time.


 She did not directly move towards the direction of the source of Falling Heavenly River, instead moving towards Myriad Dragon Dock.


 In the range of Myriad Dragon Dock’s force, she used their transportation Gu formations to speed up her journey. She had already communicated with Myriad Dragon Dock’s Gu Immortals, and although she paid a high price, she was able to further save a large amount of time.


 She moved smoothly towards Falling Heavenly River, after Myriad Dragon Dock’s territory, Fairy Bai Qing stepped into the territory of Combat Immortal Sect.


 Just like before, she used their transportation Gu formations to speed up her journey.


 A day and a night later, the fatigued Fairy Bai Qing was finally only a thousand li away from the source of Falling Heavenly River.


 In front of her was an enormous waterfall that fell from an endless height.


 A boundless expanse of water heavily crashed at the riverbed.


 The rumbling noise of the waterfall was like the continuous crackling of thunder.


 Endless water vapor formed dense fog that shrouded a vast range of the surroundings.


 Why was it called Falling Heavenly River?


 Falling Heavenly River, a giant river that fell from the heavens.


 Compared to this enormous river, Fairy Bai Qing was minute like an ant.


 Fairy Bai Qing had already seen Falling Heavenly River when she had traveled with Feng Jiu Ge in the past.


 Right now, as she looked at this enormous river again, she could not avoid thinking about Feng Jiu Ge, feeling distressed.


 She still remembered what Feng Jiu Ge said to her at that time.


 It was about the reason for the formation of Falling Heavenly River.


 Feng Jiu Ge had confidently told Fairy Bai Qing that there were two opinions about this.


 One was that Falling Heavenly River itself was a form of calamity or tribulation, while the second said that when Bo Qing had resisted his tribulation, his sword light was so sharp that it instantly pierced through white heaven to black heaven.


 And Bo Qing had faced his tribulation during daytime.


 Thus this sword light had pierced a huge hole in white heaven, continuing on to black heaven, where it formed a small hole in the bottom layer of black heaven.


 It just so happened that above these two holes was a majestic heavenly river.


 The heavenly river followed the path between these two holes and crashed down to Central Continent, forming an inland sea; at the same time, the river surged and opened a path, forming the first river that traversed through Central Continent’s mainland.


 Fairy Bai Qing had asked, which was more reasonable between these two opinions?


 Feng Jiu Ge had answered with a smile: “I am also not too sure. But the second opinion can explain the change in the water flow. During daytime, the Falling Heavenly River flows with extremely strong momentum, even rank eight Gu Immortals are unable to resist this momentum. And during night, the flow of Falling Heavenly River slows down to the extent rank seven Gu Immortals can just barely resist it.”


 Nature’s might was boundless and peerless. Even Gu Immortals appeared insignificant when compared to it.


 Ending her recollection, Fairy Bai Qing’s gaze focused.


 She had borrowed many water path Immortal Gu for this trip, to help her enter Falling Heavenly River.


 However, it was clearly impossible to do that during the day, Fairy Bai Qing was a rank seven Gu Immortal, her only opportunity was to enter during night and search for clues.


 It was still daytime right now, Fairy Bai Qing reduced her speed and slowly neared Falling Heavenly River.


 She intended to wait for nightfall before she entered the riverbed.


 Time passed, the sun gradually set in the west, red streaks of colors overlapped in the horizon and the radiance of the setting sun shone on Fairy Bai Qing’s face.


 Suddenly, she opened her eyes, looking at the distant Falling Heavenly River with astonishment.


 Roar!


 Water gurgled as a giant beast stretched out its head from under the river, revealing the tips of its horns.


 This was an enormous bull head, the horns were curved.


 “Immemorial desolate beast myriad eyes clear bull!” Fairy Bai Qing was pale as she recognized this fierce beast’s identity.


 Falling Heavenly River was not safe.


 Besides the majestic waterfall, there were also large amounts of ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts living inside.


 The myriad eyes clear bull was an immemorial desolate beast and one of the overlords that lived at the riverbed of Falling Heavenly River.


 “Doesn’t it normally stay at the riverbed and patrol its territory? Why has it suddenly come out of the river?” Fairy Bai Qing was puzzled, but she quickly retreated, maintaining some distance with this myriad eyes clear bull.


 Immemorial desolate beasts had rank eight battle strength.


 Fairy Bai Qing could not defeat this giant bull.


 Moreover, her main objective here was not to hunt.


 Fairy Bai Qing was cautious while sighing at her bad luck. With the myriad eyes clear bull’s appearance, she had an ominous feeling.


 Right as she was about to distance herself further from the myriad eyes clear bull, a sword light suddenly came out from the riverbed.


 Like a thunderbolt, it pierced through the myriad eyes clear bull.


 This sturdy and tough immemorial desolate beast was instantly cut into two by the sword light.


 Endless blood and internal organs splattered out, dying the nearby river blood red.


 Whoosh!


 Before Fairy Bai Qing was able to react, another sword light flew out, slashing at the river bank.


 The next moment, a long gash was slashed open on the ground, like it was a delicate tofu, and large amounts of water flowed towards the space rapidly.


 The river water overflowed, all of the surroundings were covered with water.


 Fairy Bai Qing was extremely shocked.


 What was going on?


 What was this situation?


 The sword light had such power that its terrifying might had reached an extreme. The immemorial desolate beast had been cut down as easily as a vegetable.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Countless sword lights shot out from below the Falling Heavenly River.


 Like fireworks, the sword lights flew everywhere, leaving Falling Heavenly River before rapidly disappearing from Fairy Bai Qing’s sight.


 Swords traverse Central Continent!



***
Chapter 956 - World Shaking Might


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, centipede valley.


 A terrifying chase was happening in the narrow ravine on the mountain road.


 “Quickly run, quickly run!” A miniman laid down on Hong Yi’s head as it shouted anxiously.


 “It hurts, it hurts! Don’t pull my hair.” Hong Yi screamed in pain.


 The miniman did not pay attention to what he said, it subconsciously grabbed onto Hong Yi’s hair and turned back to look.


 “Damn it! It is already here, quickly leave, if you are not fast enough, we will be eaten by it.” The miniman called out frantically.


 “I also want to move faster...” Hong Yi gritted his teeth, exerting all his effort to use his movement Gu. Unfortunately, his cultivation level was too low, at only rank two upper stage.


 Of course, this cultivation level was already very rare at Hong Yi’s age.


 Ever since the Refinement Path Convention, Hong Yi had obtained some lucky opportunities and his cultivation speed far surpassed others.


 But in this current moment of danger, rank two upper stage cultivation level was useless against the wild rank five golden horn centipede chasing behind him.


 This centipede had a huge body, it was like a large python. It had a sharp horn on its head, when it moved on the ground, its hundreds of legs stomped, its body twisted as it moved rapidly.


 “We’re finished! It is already right behind you.” The miniman was pale from shock, it was terror-stricken.


 “I’ll risk it!!” Hong Yi could also feel the golden horn centipede getting closer, the hair over his body was standing on end from fear, he had no choice but to use his only killer move.


 This killer move was a movement killer move.


 But Hong Yi had only obtained it recently, he had not practiced with it for long enough.


 When he used it, the success rate and failure rate was fifty percent each.


 Killer moves required at least two Gu worms to activate. The more Gu worms there were, the more complicated the steps involved, and the greater difficulty in activating it, but the power of the move also normally increased.


 Hong Yi’s new movement killer move was formed by nearly ten mortal Gu.


 It was not comparable to a Gu Immortal, but for Gu Masters, this was a relatively huge number of Gu.


 Killer moves were not so easy to practice.


 When the activation of the killer move fails, the Gu Master or the Gu worms might receive damage.


 Thus, normally, Hong Yi was very careful every time he practiced this killer move.


 But at this time, his life was in critical danger, he could not care anymore.


 His original speed was not enough for him to break free from the golden horn centipede, he was sure to die.


 Right now, there was only one way left, he had to risk it!


 “Activate, I must succeed!” Hong Yi screamed in his mind.


 But wishes were wonderful, reality was cruel.


 Activating killer moves required intense concentration, some killer moves needed special environments and could not be disturbed.


 Fang Yuan could easily use his killer moves because he had a huge amount of experience in the five hundred years of his previous life, but Hong Yi was a newbie.


 At this time, he was in danger, he had to pay attention to the path in front of him as the mountain was full of rocks and pitfalls, he was running rapidly, if he fell, his life would be over.


 On the other hand, Hong Yi was chased by the golden horn centipede. The intense commotion behind him was ringing in his ears, he was engulfed in the aura of death, how could Hong Yi be unaffected by it?


 Under this situation, those who could remain calm and absolutely focused were experienced experts who had already undergone countless battles and had disregarded the fear of death. Hong Yi could reach this stage eventually, but he was too young now.


 “It’s catching up, it’s catching up!” The miniman on top of his head screamed in fear as it looked at the golden horn centipede, shortening the gap between them with a fierce demeanor.


 The centipede was heavy and had a huge body, it had hundreds of legs and a huge mouth, saliva splattered everywhere as it bit at Hong Yi.


 The miniman screamed tragically, it shut its eyes in fear.


 Even though it had wings, they were broken already, it could not fly.


 It had succeeded in stealing the rank five Gu material hundred flower dew during this exploration into the cave. But there was a price to pay for this, it had attracted the animosity of the golden horn centipede which was guarding the dew. Thus, the miniman could only escape with Hong Yi, trying to get away using his superior speed.


 However, the miniman did not feel any pain.


 It opened its eyes, showing disbelief.


 For some reason, Hong Yi had escaped from the golden horn centipede’s bite.


 But at the next moment, the golden horn centipede chased them again.


 The miniman was scared, but it could see clearly now.


 The reason was, whenever the golden horn centipede tried to bite Hong Yi, it would subconsciously raise its head first.


 This action would cause its head to go dozens of meters above the ground, half of its body would be elevated from the ground as well, before it landed heavily.


 When the centipede raised its head, many of its legs would leave the ground, its speed would fall.


 But at this time, Hong Yi was still running without lowering his speed.


 Thus, Hong Yi could evade the golden horn centipede every time it attacked.


 “This fool!” The miniman laughed heartily, it felt an intense joy in escaping from mortal danger.


 Man is the spirit of all beings, wild Gu worms had limited intelligence, their movements were decided by instincts.


 “I was kind enough to escape with you, but you call me a fool!” Hong Yi was displeased.


 “I am not scolding you, I am talking about this golden horn centipede, you fool!” The miniman shouted.


 Hong Yi was still nursing displeasure: “You are the fool, I said the centipede was sleeping, you should not have been afraid and simply should have stolen the hundred flower dew and escaped, but you had to scream for no reason!”


 The miniman’s cheeks puffed up, guilt flashed across its eyes as it showed an embarrassed expression.


 It wanted to rebuke him, but at the next moment, its eyes opened wide in shock.


 It turned out, the golden horn centipede behind saw that it could not bite Hong Yi, it changed its attack method, using its golden horn.


 Of course, it had not become smarter.


 The reason was, during its long life, the golden horn centipede had encountered some large prey that it could not swallow, in that situation, the golden horn centipede would use its horn to slice the prey up into pieces.


 Opening its mouth to bite was the golden horn centipede’s instinct, using the golden horn was also an instinct.


 The golden horn centipede pounced harshly, lowering its head and stabbing its horn forward, soon approaching... Hong Yi’s butt.


 This was unavoidable because of its size.


 “Fool, run!” The miniman saw this dangerous situation and shuddered in fear, it could not even grab onto the hair firmly.


 “You still are calling me a fool — oh!” Hong Yi shouted, but suddenly, his pitch became higher, like a rooster who was grabbed by the neck. There was shock, unpreparedness, and intense pain in his voice.


 The golden horn had already stabbed into Hong Yi’s buttocks.


 The miniman was full of despair, it thought that this was it!


 But at this moment, Hong Yi’s speed suddenly rose by a huge amount.


 He shot out like a cannonball!


 The reason was, when he was screaming, the intense pain gave him a moment of inspiration and he successfully used the killer move in an instant.


 Hong Yi escaped as a result.


 “Bleeding, you are bleeding.” The miniman screamed loudly to Hong Yi.


 It turned out that the golden horn centipede had already stabbed Hong Yi’s buttocks, but because Hong Yi burst out in an instant, the two sides had been separated by a distance again.


 It was as if a dagger was pulled out of Hong Yi’s buttocks, the wound was unstopped and started bleeding.


 “My butt hurts! Ahhhh, its so painful!!” At this moment, Hong Yi’s mind was filled with an intense thought.


 He subconsciously grabbed his butt, applying pressure on the wound.


 However, naturally because he was feeling pain from his injury, his mind was distracted again.


 The killer move that he had activated earlier fell apart, and his speed dropped again.


 But the golden horn centipede was still chasing him.


 The golden horn stabbed into his other buttcheek.


 “Ah!” Hong Yi screamed again.


 But the same thing happened again.


 The powerful attack, the sudden pain, Hong Yi’s focus reached another peak, he used the killer move again.


 He sprinted again.


 “You’re bleeding, you’re bleeding!” The miniman screamed.


 There was no choice, the two wounds were very deep, because of Hong Yi’s intense movement, it was no wonder that blood spewed out!


 Hong Yi grabbed his buttocks as the golden horn centipede chased relentlessly, he was in such a helpless situation.


 “Oh no, my primeval essence is running out!” Suddenly, Hong Yi’s expression paled.


 Gu Masters had little primeval essence in the first place, it was easily used up. Activating killer moves meant using many Gu worms, the expenditure was great. After running for such a long time, Hong Yi reached his limits.


 Death was approaching, Hong Yi was forced into a desperate situation, there was no way to live.


 “Are we going to die? Are we going to die? Lord centipede, don’t eat me. I am so small, I have little meat, eat him, eat that fool.” The miniman was muttering senselessly while grabbing Hong Yi’s hair.


 At this moment, Hong Yi was feeling empty inside, he did not bother to respond to this miniman.


 But suddenly, sword light that shook the world flashed!


 In an instant, the world turned white, everything turned silent.


 The sudden change did not make Hong Yi stop running, he kept running for a while before he realized something amiss.


 Looking back, he was shocked.


 The rank five golden horn centipede Gu was no longer present, it had vanished completely.


 Along with it, half of centipede valley had vanished!


 What was in front of him was a huge and deep trench. The sides of the trench were extremely smooth, like a mirror.


 “This, what is going on?” Hong Yi was lost for words, he could not believe it.


 “Just, just that sword light...” The miniman was completely stunned.


 Central Continent, east coast.


 Waves crashed, rumbling non-stop, frost energy oozed out in the surrounding area.


 “Youngsters, we are here. This is profound ice island, the place where Flying Frost Sect is located. This will be where you live from now on, the place where you change your destiny.” The leading Gu Master pointed at the ice island and proudly introduced this.


 The youngsters raised their heads, looking forward.


 Some had shining eyes, some were extremely excited.


 Even though Flying Frost Sect did not have any Gu Immortals and was not a super force, within a huge surrounding area, it was the supreme overlord, the only force that could contest it was Five Virtues Sect.


 Not long ago, when the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was held, Flying Frost Sect was one of the venues for participation.


 Because of this, the reputation of Flying Frost Sect had spread widely.


 “This time, the children here have the highest aptitude for the last ten years. They are the future of the sect, nurture them well, they will make us stronger.” The leading Gu Master saw these children and felt very excited.


 The leading Gu Master said loudly: “Youngsters, it is your fortune to be able to become Flying Frost Sect’s disciples. Now, let me tell you...”


 Swoosh!


 At this time, sword light flashed, everyone was blinded momentarily, they all shut their eyes.


 When they opened their eyes, everyone was stunned, their opened their mouths and were still like statues with exaggerated expressions.


 The huge profound ice island was gone, in its place, there was a deep trench that appeared in their vision.


 Even the sea water was split apart!


 On the surface of the sea, a path of five to six li in length had been completely emptied of water, the lingering sword path dao marks were extremely overbearing, blocking the water path dao marks and preventing the water from filling up the gap.


 At once, a weird but domineering scene was formed!


 Heavenly Court.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord held his walking stick as he stood below Heaven Overseeing Tower shakily.


 His other hand was holding fate Gu, his old wrinkled hand was gently rubbing fate Gu.


 This time, fate Gu was successfully repaired to a great extent, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was extremely excited and happy.


 The ones who had repaired it with him, Bai Cang Shui, Lian Jiu Sheng, and Bi Chen Tian had already left Heavenly Court, going to the mortal world.


 The Gu Immortals in Heavenly Court mostly used sleeping as their lifespan extension method. After waking up, they had to make good use of their time, going to their sects and settling some private matters, or to take care of their blood related descendants in the sect.


 Heavenly Court controlled the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, but at the same time, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were also chosen from the ten great ancient sects.


 In the structure of sects, Heavenly Court was like the upper level sect, and the ten great ancient sects were the lower level sects.


 Not all Gu Immortals had the chance to join Heavenly Court.


 Other than having deep attainment in their paths, great battle strength and reaching rank eight cultivation level, there was also additional important criteria to join Heavenly Court.


 That was their values!


 Heavenly Court.


 What was Heavenly Court?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had described it three million years ago, it was —


 Following the will of heaven, and upholding justice for heaven!


 “After this restoration, fate Gu can use half of its might. Using Heaven Overseeing Tower, we can find more people who escaped from fate. Eliminating these people will help in repairing fate Gu, this can allow more people to be found and result in a beneficial cycle, as long as this progresses, Heaven Overseeing Tower will regain its former glory!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was filled with anticipation, he was about to step into Heaven Overseeing Tower again.


 Rumble!


 A sword light shot over like a flash of lightning. In no time, it sliced through Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s mouth was opened wide, his pupils shrunk to pin size.


 His body was extremely stiff, he saw that the upper half of Heaven Overseeing Tower slowly tilted and crashed onto the jade floor.


 “Heaven Overseeing Tower!!” After being stunned momentarily, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord screamed loudly.



***
Chapter 957 - Rising Commotion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “It finally stopped.” Fairy Bai Qing looked at the tranquil river surface, her face pale with lingering fear.


 When the sword lights rampaged, she was nearest to the source and had personally witnessed this heaven shaking scene.


 Right now, Falling Heavenly River was filled with corpses.


 Large quantities of mutilated body parts of ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts bobbed up and down in the river.


 The surging white heavenly river water was now dyed blood red.


 Although Falling Heavenly River came from the heavens, the river water was filled with vitality. Countless ferocious beasts lived within and propagated, large numbers of aquatic plants grew within and there were also countless hidden currents, whirlpools and other natural traps which even a Gu Immortal could die from.


 Fairy Bai Qing waited for some moments, no more sword lights appeared.


 She ran to the river and picked up the corpses of the beasts, and the branches and roots of ancient desolate plants and immemorial desolate plants.


 She had truly earned a fortune!


 The fortune was so huge even she could not help being joyous.


 But the happiness did not last long, many ancient desolate beasts began to show up, Fairy Bai Qing could even vaguely see some faint images of ancient desolate beasts through the river water.


 These beasts’ ferocity was stimulated by the bloodied water.


 The flesh and bones cut apart by the sword light were excellent delicacies to these beasts.


 More and more beasts were attracted over by the blood and flesh, leading to a fierce battle.


 They tore at each other as they battled for food, raising frightening waves.


 Fairy Bai Qing had no choice but to retreat, over half the original quantity of corpses remained, she looked at them with much regret. These were all excellent Gu refinement materials!


 “The sword lights shot out so suddenly, what happened in Falling Heavenly River? Should I enter to explore and find the reasons or not?”


 Fairy Bai Qing was held back by the thought of Feng Jin Huang, thus she hesitated.


 However, she had a feeling that Bo Qing’s clues should be in the riverbed of Falling Heavenly River.


 Fairy Bai Qing gritted her teeth, turning into a white light, shooting straight into Falling Heavenly River.


 From Falling Heavenly River’s source, unrivaled sword lights had shot out everywhere, their range covering the whole of Central Continent.


 Whether it was the centipede valley in Central Continent’s central region, or Flying Frost Sect in the east, or even Heavenly Court which was high above, they were all affected by the sword lights.


 The whole of Central Continent was in a commotion.


 Heavenly Court.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s face was ashen, his hand moved without stopping, he had immediately started restoring Heaven Overseeing Tower when he had gotten out of his shocked state.


 He had already sent a message to Bi Chen Tian, Bai Cang Shui and Lian Jiu Sheng, urgently recalling them.


 Right now, they were already on their way.


 The damage created by the sword light was extremely troublesome, its sword path dao marks seemed to contain a corrosive nature. The remaining parts of Heaven Overseeing Tower might be standing upright, but it would not last for long.


 If the sword path dao marks were left to continue corroding, it would definitely lead to even more disastrous damage.


 “We succeeded in our last attempt at restoring fate Immortal Gu, but when I was just about to use it, Heaven Overseeing Tower was split apart. Is this a coincidence? Or....”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had a bad premonition.


 After a while, Bi Chen Tian was the first to return, then Bai Cang Shui and finally Lian Jiu Sheng arrived.


 Lian Jiu Sheng had stopped partway through, but was thus able to bring concrete information: “I have investigated it, the sword light came from the source of Falling Heavenly River. Right now, the whole of Central Continent is in a ruckus.”


 “Falling Heavenly River’s source, isn’t that where Bo Qing died?” Bai Cang Shui exclaimed in shock.


 Speaking of Bo Qing, Heavenly Court’s four immortals had complicated feelings on him.


 Back then, it was not that they did not try to recruit Bo Qing, but unfortunately, Bo Qing’s ideals did not conform to theirs, and he did not join Heavenly Court.


 “Bo Qing...” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s gaze was dark, “Investigate, we must investigate this clearly. Fairy Cang Shui, you are specialized in water path, I will have to trouble you to make a trip. The three of us will stay here to restore Heaven Overseeing Tower. For some reason, I am having a very bad feeling about this.”


 The other three immortals’ expressions turned serious, Bi Chen Tian spoke: “Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, you are in charge of Heaven Overseeing Tower and fate Gu, if you are uneasy, we cannot disregard it, we need to move quickly!”


 Central Continent, Combat Immortal Sect.


 “Falling Heavenly River’s source has changed all of a sudden, I suspect Bo Qing’s sword path inheritance has appeared! Jin Lie Yang, you will go to investigate the truth. You can bring two rank six Gu Immortals, choose whoever you want.” Combat Immortal Sect’s first supreme elder’s will floated in mid-air.


 Gu Immortal Jin Lie Yang was sitting within fire. He was tall and well-built, with golden hair and fiery eyes, and a vigorous rank seven aura.


 Hearing what was said, he instead snorted, not giving any face to the first supreme elder: “You should go find Shi Lei for this matter, he is the Immortal Monkey King, with Feng Jiu Ge no longer alive, he is now the strongest among Central Continent’s rank seven Gu Immortals!”


 First supreme elder’s will smiled: “Jin Lie Yang, Shi Lei might be strong, but he is not the only person in Combat Immortal Sect. He has already made more than enough contributions in the exploration of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, could it be that you want him to make more contributions?”


 An idea came to Jin Lie Yang and he suddenly became convinced.


 He leaped out of the fire, and cupped his fists: “Heh! First supreme elder is correct. I had thought of growing another seventeen or eighteen fire path dao marks, but since that is the case, I will immediately move out!”


 First supreme elder’s will nodded, instructing: “Go and return quickly.”


 Wind Cloud Manor.


 “First senior brother, you came out of seclusion?” Gu Immortal Hong Chi Ming immediately greeted the person in front of him with great joy.


 This person was clothed in a white robe and was wearing a jade belt. He was tall and thin, elegance and harmoniousness seemed to be expressed in him. He smiled and nodded: “I came out because of the change in Falling Heavenly River. Junior brother, you participated in the hundred days battle and personally witness five finger fist heart sword. I have been asked to go investigate the truth of Falling Heavenly River, please lend me a hand.”


 Hong Chi Ming took a deep breath and said sincerely: “First senior brother, you are treating me like an outsider. Back then, were it not for your help, I would not be around today. I will offer my full efforts!”


 Spirit Affinity House, discussion hall.


 “Should we send someone to investigate the strange change in Falling Heavenly River’s source?” First supreme elder was not present, so the discussion hall was managed by second supreme elder.


 “Second supreme elder, you may not be aware but Fairy Bai Qing has already gone to explore Falling Heavenly River’s source a few days ago.” Li Jun Ying’s will spoke.


 “Oh? Did she discover some clues?” A Gu Immortal unavoidably recalled the matters discussed.


 Second supreme elder frowned: “Fairy Bai Qing only has peak rank six cultivation, it is not enough to cope with this situation. But the sect is limited on available personnel right now, who should I send to reinforce Bai Qing at this time?”


 Xu Hao’s will laughed: “Reporting to second supreme elder, Fairy Bai Qing has actually already advanced to rank seven, it is just that she concealed it and did not report it.”


 “Oh? Is that the case? I remember there was still some time before the tribulation for her advancement to rank seven.”


 Xu Hao calmly replied: “This matter has been confirmed. Before Feng Jiu Ge left for Northern Plains, he borrowed time path Immortal Gu to secretly help Fairy Bai Qing advance her cultivation.”


 “So it was like that.” Second supreme elder mumbled before saying, “Fairy Bai Qing advancing to rank seven is a blessing for our Spirit Affinity House. When she returns, she shall be rewarded heavily. Also, open the storage and let her choose a rank seven Immortal Gu. As for this matter of Falling Heavenly River, there is no need to send reinforcements anymore, just message her regarding the sect’s intentions.”


 “Yes, we will follow second supreme elder’s command.”


 Tian Ti mountain.


 “This sword light, Bo Qing, Bo Qing... the pseudo-Immortal Venerable who split the five regions with his sword, it was fortunate for the people in the world that love changed him... maybe this is the appearance of his sword path true inheritance!”


 Sword path Gu Immortal Jian Yi Sheng gazed into the horizon with excitement and yearning.


 “Such a huge change, Falling Heavenly River will definitely be a gathering point for Gu Immortals, maybe there will be an opportunity to fish for profits in this commotion. Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects are strong and can eat the meat, but I should be able to drink some soup, right?”


 As he thought of this, Jian Yi Sheng hardened his mind and flew out of Tian Ti Mountain towards the northwest.


 Whether it was the righteous path led by the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, or the demonic path or lone cultivators like Jian Yi Sheng, they all started making their moves.


 Countless gazes pierced through space and gathered at the source of Falling Heavenly River.


 Bo Qing, a pseudo-Immortal Venerable, at the pinnacle below the venerables, this reputation that had been covered in dust resurfaced once again.


 The countless sword lights that wreaked havoc throughout the whole of Central Continent reminded the world of Bo Qing’s power.


 A rumor, who knows from where, started spreading and kept on getting bigger, affecting everyone’s mental states.


 “The sword lights are the arrangements left behind by Bo Qing before he perished. He is reminding the world that his sword path true inheritance has appeared, and although he perished, he did not want his true inheritance to be obtained by the wrong person. He is using this chance to select the most suitable inheritor!”


 Thereafter, the shock created from the sword lights’ might, gradually turned into greed and desire.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortal world was in a commotion!


 Countless Gu Immortals, even the hidden old monsters, started to move towards Falling Heavenly River.


 A commotion occurred in Central Continent, a huge dispute that covered the whole of Central Continent was going to unfold at Falling Heavenly River.


 But in Southern Border, it was calm and tranquil.


 The trees swayed in the lush green hills.


 On a mountain peak, in a stone pavilion.


 Old Man Yan Shi was sitting inside the pavilion, playing chess.


 A giant rock was in front of him, on the smooth surface of the rock were star path dao marks that formed either horizontal cuts, vertical cuts or diagonal cuts, forming a dazzling diagram.


 Below Old Man Yan Shi was actually the famous astrolabe chessboard from history.


 A figure descended down from the sky, and the stone pavilion instantly filled with cold air.


 “Why did you call me?” Bai Ning Bing coldly stared at the back of Old Man Yan Shi.


 Old Man Yan Shi slowly turned around and faced Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing continued to speak in an icy tone: “Although you helped me in becoming a Gu Immortal, I am not a subordinate of yours who is at your beck and call.”


 Old Man Yan Shi smiled, speaking softly: “Do you know that Fang Yuan will be returning?”


 Fang Yuan!


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze turned bright, he then squinted, hiding the sharp light in his eyes.


 With a cold snort, he said: “Explain it clearly.”



***
Chapter 958 - Pawn Bai Ning Bing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Looking at Old Man Yan Shi, Bai Ning Bing was very vigilant.


 Ever since he had advanced to Gu Immortal, while in the process conveniently getting rid of his female body which had been troubling him for a long time, he thoroughly realized how unfathomable Old Man Yan Shi was.


 Bai Ning Bing’s nature was to be indifferent. But his firm attitude towards Old Man Yan Shi was only a type of probe.


 Even his strong desire of wanting to fight Fang Yuan and take vicious revenge was also a disguise for himself as well as a probe towards Old Man Yan Shi.


 Although only a few years had passed, Bai Ning Bing was no longer so concerned about Fang Yuan.


 Being at the Gu Immortal level had broadened his horizons, he saw many more things and experienced many more wonders.


 What he minded was Old Man Yan Shi in front of him, it was not that he had not secretly investigated, but Shadow Sect was still deeply concealed, not revealing a trace.


 He did not know why Old Man Yan Shi was helping him, but at the same time, he was also discontent at being controlled like this.


 He had thought of walking away from all of this. But Shadow Sect had spent so much effort on him, they certainly would not let him leave easily. In addition, Bai Ning Bing cared about excitement and brilliance more than his own life, when the enemy was stronger, the process was dangerous, resistance became more difficult, it instead made him feel like he had not lived in vain, taking it as a pleasure of life.


 Competing against heaven, competing against earth, competing against humans, the joy was endless!


 There was one thing that Bai Ning Bing had never done in his life, that was — retreating in the face of danger!


 Facing Bai Ning Bing’s query, Old Man Yan Shi leisurely took out an Immortal Gu and said: “You only need to do as I say and I can guarantee Fang Yuan will return to Southern Border.”


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shined with coldness: “You seem to know Fang Yuan’s whereabouts clearly. But in the past, when I was advancing to Gu Immortal, and I asked you the same question, you said you did not know.”


 Old Man Yan Shi chuckled.


 He did not respond to Bai Ning Bing’s query, instead continuing: “To the south of Namei peak, east of Li Qiu, not far away from rock dragon cave, there is a nameless mountain peak. The mountain is tall and there is a long river that passes by it, the trees on the mountain are green and lush, it is a lone mountain with no other branch peaks. Go to the top of that mountain and activate this Gu. Once you succeed, leave quickly. This mountain will become a forbidden zone for immortals, any Gu Immortals that enter this area will be met with fatal killing intent.”


 Bai Ning Bing did not accept this Immortal Gu, his eyes still staring at Old Man Yan Shi as he coldly said: “You still haven’t answered my question.”


 “I don’t need to answer your question. You only need to know that when this is done, Fang Yuan will return. Back then, you signed an agreement with Shadow Sect, wasn’t the agreement that only after Fang Yuan is dead, you can be free from the agreement and regain your freedom?” Old Man Yan Shi smiled faintly.


 Bai Ning Bing was silent for a while, before taking the Immortal Gu.


 He then gave a cold snort, and flew away, disappearing into the horizon.


 He made haste when traveling, two days later, he found the mountain Old Man Yan Shi spoke of.


 “This mountain is ordinary and there is nothing strange, why did he choose this place?” Bai Ning Bing was puzzled.


 Actually, he had many guesses, even thinking of the possibility that Old Man Yan Shi was trying to harm him.


 “But, he has spent a huge price to raise me to Gu Immortal, why would he kill me now? The chance of this is very low.”


 Bai Ning Bing shook his head, there was another uncertainty which he had for a long time: “Why did Old Man Yan Shi help me to become a Gu Immortal? Among so many people, why did he choose me? Is it simply because of my Northern Dark Ice Soul physique?”


 Previously, Bai Ning Bing had such thoughts, but now he was increasingly feeling the truth was not as simple as that.


 Bai Ning Bing started to carefully investigate this nameless mountain peak, but he did not find any traces of Gu formations.


 He was filled with doubts and hesitation.


 If this was truly a trap, then he would be stupidly sending himself to death, wouldn’t he be humiliating himself?


 Bai Ning Bing suddenly had a thought: “Old Man Yan Shi would not make me come here in particular and activate Immortal Gu for no reason. His motive is veiled in mystery, but there is no time limit, I might as well delay and probe him.”


 If the matter was urgent, Old Man Yan Shi would be very anxious and naturally would urge him. At that time, with the Immortal Gu, Bai Ning Bing could obtain the initiative.


 Bai Ning Bing bided his time and made no move, sure enough, someone on Shadow Sect’s side became anxious.


 A black robed Gu Immortal appeared inside the stone pavilion, and spoke with a rough voice: “Yan Shi, Bai Ning Bing has already gone for close to half a month, but there has been no word or action from him. Could it be that he ran away with the Gu, or maybe encountered a problem?”


 Old Man Yan Shi was at ease, looking at the astrolabe chessboard.


 The astrolabe chessboard in front of him was filled with dao marks but compared to before, when Bai Ning Bing had appeared, the numerous and disorderly lines had already reduced by a little less than half.


 Old Man Yan Shi was pinching his fingers as he tried to deduce the chess moves, while saying to the black robed Gu Immortal: “Bai Ning Bing is still there, just not making a move. He already had doubts, doubts that this trip is harmful to him, so it is normal for him to have this reaction.”


 The black robed Gu Immortal could not help but speak urgently when he saw the leisurely attitude of Old Man Yan Shi: “But we can no longer delay the matter in Central Continent! Now, not just the Gu Immortals from the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, but even a lot of lone cultivators and demonic cultivators have entered to explore the riverbed of Falling Heavenly River. Vice Envoy Blue and the others can only hold on for three days at most. After three days, Heavenly Court will realize this is an arrangement and it might disrupt our true plan.”


 Old Man Yan Shi nodded, agreeing: “What you say makes sense. In fact, the present state has already diverged from the original plan, the progress is really too slow.”


 “How about you send a letter to urge Bai Ning Bing to make a move quickly. If he doesn’t submit, we can take away his immortal level and make him fall down back to a mortal! He became a Gu Immortal with our help, but he is only a false immortal, there is no need for us to continue letting him be so arrogant! We can take action first and remove his Gu Immortal strength, making him a mortal again, restoring his female body. Such a junior with his head high above the clouds, if we don’t make him know his place, we won’t be able to use him.” The black robed Gu Immortal suggested.


 “Hehehe, why do you think I am using him?” Old Man Yan Shi chuckled, he lightly flicked his wide sleeve, immediately, a star mark was removed from the astrolabe chessboard.


 If Fang Yuan was to see this sight, he would definitely be very shocked.


 Doing this with such ease, Old Man Yan Shi’s wisdom path attainment level was definitely great grandmaster!


 The black robed Gu Immortal was wearing a large hood that covered his expression, but his tone was filled with heavy doubts: “Yan Shi, didn’t you choose Bai Ning Bing because you saw his ten extreme physique battle strength?”


 “No, no, that is not the case.” Old Man Yan Shi laughed, “This is only what makes him special on the surface. His true special characteristic is that he is also someone who has escaped fate!”


 “What? He is also one?” The black robed Gu Immortal was shocked.


 Old Man Yan Shi explained further: “Our crucial plan has been devised for a hundred thousand years! Our true enemy is not the Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, or the other four regions, but heaven. So I am handing this final crucial step to Bai Ning Bing. He is an escapee of fate, from a certain perspective, he could be said to have escaped the grasp of heaven’s will as well. Only this kind of person is qualified to become our pawn.”


 “So it was like that.” The black robed Gu Immortal came to a realization and had no more doubts.


 Old Man Yan Shi continued: “Bai Ning Bing is a fate escapee, heaven’s will is unable to control him completely, making him a potent weapon for us. We will first let him spearhead the attack, and what we will do is build up our energy, using all of our strength to cope with the fury of heaven’s will. After Bai Ning Bing left, I did not contact him and let him move freely, but you can rest assured, with his nature, he will not wait for much longer.”


 “Since that is the case, then I will continue sleeping.” The black robed Gu Immortal cupped his fists, and took his leave.


 Bai Ning Bing waited another two days on the nameless mountain peak, occasionally looking at the direction of Old Man Yan Shi’s stone pavilion.


 “So many days have passed by, but Old Man Yan Shi has not urged me yet. It seems he is not in a hurry about this matter. That makes sense! If he was hurried, he would emphasize the time limit for completing the task when he handed it to me.”


 Bai Ning Bing could not help but feel somewhat dejected.


 The probing just now was undoubtedly a failure.


 He looked at the mountain below him, and pondered: “I have checked this mountain time and time again over these last days, but I could not find traces of any Gu formations. Sigh! If this is is truly harmful to me, I can only admit defeat, I could not find out anything, I can only blame my inadequate ability!”


 Bai Ning Bing sighed and hovered in the air, looking at this ordinary mountain.


 “Go.” With a shift of his mind, his immortal essence started to be consumed as he activated the mysterious Immortal Gu.


 The Immortal Gu let out some radiance but it still lay on his palm, showing no movement.


 Bai Ning Bing was slightly surprised: “So this Immortal Gu requires a lot of immortal essence.”


 He continued to send beads of green grape immortal essence to it, the radiance of the Immortal Gu grew brighter and brighter, and the exquisite body of the Immortal Gu started to slightly tremble.


 After a while, Bai Ning Bing’s forehead was dripping with sweat, and he was feeling worried: “I have already used up hundreds of beads of immortal essence, why does it still not activating? So the difficulty in this task was in this!”


 Just when he was getting very puzzled, the Immortal Gu in his hand suddenly buzzed, it turned into a ray of light that shot towards the sky.


 The light continued to grow bigger, its speed however was becoming slower. When it reached a peak in height, it charged down to the nameless mountain.


 Boom!


 It crashed onto the mountain peak, the clash produced incomparably dazzling radiance.


 Bai Ning Bing quickly covered his eyes and retreated.


 He no longer needed to use his immortal essence.


 But whether the Immortal Gu succeeded in its activation, he still needed to check to be certain.


 Thus, he flew to a distance of five li away, before stopping in the air.


 He then saw an unbelievable and marvelous scene!


 Within the intense radiance, the nameless mountain peak suffered no damage, phantom images started to appear over the woods on the mountain.


 This was a section of a long river, the river water billowed, rising and falling, filled with a mystical and natural wondrousness that would be difficult to portray, there was endless profundity that could not be described with words or expressed.


 “This scene... could it be the river of time?!”


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes suddenly enlarged, filled with extreme surprise.


 Afterwards, he saw the river of time’s phantom image gradually dissipate, becoming dimmer and dimmer. Two human-shaped figures seemed to jump out of the river, their appearances and clothes gradually becoming clearer.


 These two people were fighting!


 Both sides exchanged moves one after the other, the battle’s intensity shocked Bai Ning Bing to the core.


 Among them, one was enormous with bulging muscles, he was like a mythical creature that rampaged around with an extremely fierce momentum. He was a rank eight Gu Immortal!


 The other person was rank seven. But he seemed to be using a killer move to disguise himself, his whole body was covered in a layer of fog that made others unable to distinguish his face or stature. The only thing that could be clearly seen was a red lotus that was drawn on his forehead.



***
Chapter 959 - Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The battle between the two shook the scenery in the image, boulders shattered and the river roared.


 Even if the change in the phantom image did not affect reality, it was an extremely moving scene.


 The battle gradually heated to the climax, the burly rank eight Gu Immortal held the upper hand, he raised his head and laughed wildly: “I have rank eight cultivation and also possess the Great Strength True Martial Physique, a mere rank seven dreams of challenging me?!”


 That mysterious Gu Immortal with a red lotus mark on his forehead chuckled and said with a plain voice: “Martial Duel Heavenly King, your defeat is certain. Take this move!”


 Right after he finished speaking, the rank seven Gu Immortal flung his right hand and a high platform flew out.


 The next moment, the contempt on the face of the rank eight Gu Immortal, Martial Duel Heavenly King, was completely gone, replaced by shock: “This is an Immortal Gu House! What Immortal Gu House is this?”


 The rank seven Gu Immortal proudly smiled: “Let me teach you, this is my original creation — Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage!”


 “Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage?” Bai Ning Bing frowned, as far as he knew, the present Southern Border Gu Immortal world did not have any such Immortal Gu House.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s might was extremely mysterious.


 No matter what kind of attacks Martial Duel Heavenly King sent, they were all absorbed and sealed.


 That was not all.


 After the attacks were sealed, they could still be used by the rank seven Gu Immortal to strike back!


 Martial Duel Heavenly King’s attacks were mighty, but in the end, he had to bear most of his attacks himself.


 The images transformed continuously, and the battle situation kept on getting more heated.


 Finally, with the help of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, the mysterious rank seven Gu Immortal won against Martial Duel Heavenly King, accomplishing an extraordinary feat of rank seven defeating rank eight!


 However, the rank seven Gu Immortal also had to pay a heavy price.


 As a final stand, Martial Duel Heavenly King did not hesitate to turn into a rank eight immortal zombie, almost possessing an unkillable body. The mysterious rank seven Gu Immortal was not able to take his life, and could only let go of this Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, using it to suppress Martial Duel Heavenly King deep under the earth.


 To win against Martial Duel Heavenly King, the unknown rank seven Gu Immortal had to give up an Immortal Gu House.


 After the battle was over, he sighed as he gazed down, at his Immortal Gu House that was under the earth, before flying away.


 There were no more images of the Gu Immortals, but the phantom image still kept on transforming.


 The battlefield where the Gu Immortals fought returned to tranquility. With good weather, grass and trees started to grow. Then there were lightning strikes and flood. Meteors crashed down and inferno raged. The plain terrain gradually began to rise, growing slowly. At first, it was a mound, then it continued to increase until it became a mountain.


 There were occasionally scenes of humans moving in the mountain, the movements were extremely quick, whether it was natural phenomenon or the movements of humans and beasts, they were shown like a sped-up video.


 This mountain also began to change rapidly, it occasionally had landslides and occasionally changed in shape. Finally, in the phantom image, this mountain gradually turned into the appearance of the nameless mountain.


 When the phantom image had completely disappeared, the world regained its original appearance.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone strangely, he understood that the Immortal Gu Old Man Yan Shi gave him was a time path investigative Immortal Gu!


 It drilled into the crevices of time and transported the scene of the ‘past’ at a certain segment of the river of time towards the ‘present’.


 The scene of a huge battle between the two Gu Immortals was now this ordinary and inconspicuous mountain.


 “This means there is an Immortal Gu House buried here!” Bai Ning Bing fixed his gaze under the mountain, his heart thumping in excitement.


 He naturally knew the value of an Immortal Gu House.


 Only forces with Gu Immortals could be considered super forces. But even among these super forces, only the powerful ones could possess one or more Immortal Gu Houses!


 “If I can get hold of this Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, it will definitely be a huge help to me and I can more easily deal with Shadow Sect and leave! But this is bad, the Immortal Gu’s aura has leaked everywhere, the disturbance when I activated the Immortal Gu was also not small, it will definitely attract other Gu Immortals. Time does not wait for anyone, I must hurry up!”


 Bai Ning Bing had just thought of flying down, piercing deep into the earth and taking the Immortal Gu House, when he hesitated.


 He thought of Old Man Yan Shi.


 If he went down, would it be messing up Old Man Yan Shi’s plan?


 Maybe Old Man Yan Shi already calculated his reaction and wanted him to go deep into the earth, explore the depths of the earth and take Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 “If it is like this, he must have something up his sleeve... the mantis stalks a cicada, unaware of the oriole behind, if I blindly move, all my efforts will be in vain and I will be used by others!”


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze was deep, he decided to first probe the surrounding environment before deciding to move.


 However, what he had not expected was when he had just approached the nameless mountain by some distance, he felt an intense weakness, his Gu Immortal aura started to quickly weaken, he could not even exert his thoughts.


 Bai Ning Bing retreated in shock, he recalled Old Man Yan Shi’s words.


 “Go to the top of that mountain and activate this Gu. Once you succeed, leave quickly. This mountain will become a forbidden zone for immortals, any Gu Immortals that enter this area will be met with fatal killing intent.”


 Bai Ning Bing thought with a frown, could this be the forbidden zone for immortals?


 If this had truly become a forbidden zone, then how could he seize Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage?


 At this moment, the phantom image on the mountain peak changed again, turning into the previous scenes.


 Bai Ning Bing patiently observed, and could not help having a thought: could it be that there was a clue to take the Immortal Gu House hidden in the transformations of these phantom images?


 However, after the phantom image finished showing the scenes, it disappeared again, Bai Ning Bing was not able to find out any clues.


 He then discovered: the phantom image would reappear once in a while.


 Every time the phantom image played, it would show the same contents with no difference.


 He also discovered: the forbidden zone was expanding.


 At first, he could still approach within three li of the nameless mountain. Now, however, he was ten li away from the mountain peak, but still felt exhausted and weak. He had a sense of warning deep within telling him that were he to forcefully charge in, he would definitely die.


 Looking at the huge fortune moving farther and farther away from him, Bai Ning Bing was naturally uneasy.


 He had stayed here for three days, trying to hide this constantly appearing phantom image.


 He had already erased the Immortal Gu aura, but he was not able to hide these images.


 Although Old Man Yan Shi helped him ascend to immortal, he did not give him any Immortal Gu.


 This phenomenon in front of him was created by a time path investigative Immortal Gu, Bai Ning Bing naturally could not cover it using mortal Gu.


 Of course, if he used superior mortal killer moves, there was a possibility of covering the images temporarily. But his foundation was shallow, and he did not have such methods.


 “If Fang Yuan was here, what would he do?” In the worrisome moment, Bai Ning Bing recalled Fang Yuan’s image.


 Despite him no longer being concerned with Fang Yuan, he could not deny that Fang Yuan’s ruthlessness and craftiness had made a deep impression and subconsciously influenced him.


 He thought and thought, before he stopped in terror.


 He suddenly realized: this Immortal Gu was given by Old Man Yan Shi, this should be a plan of Shadow Sect.


 What was Shadow Sect trying to do?


 They did not try to seize Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage secretly and silently earn a fortune, instead they were proclaiming this as if they wanted the whole world to know...


 “Involving an ancient battle and the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, probably the whole of Southern Border will be in an uproar. Be it righteous path Gu Immortals or demonic path or lone immortals, they will all go crazy for it. None of them would yield a step for the Immortal Gu House, this will definitely cause great turbulence and incite bloodshed. Is Shadow Sect’s objective to bring a calamity to Southern Border? But how would this benefit them?”


 Bai Ning Bing fiercely slapped his forehead, as his anxious expression vanished, clarity returned to his gaze.


 “What was I doing these last days?! I actually let myself be blinded by greed. This is not something I can obtain, this nameless mountain will soon become the center of a storm in Southern Border, luring almost all the Gu Immortals of Southern Border. I am only a rank six Gu Immortal with limited methods. I can’t stay here for long, I better leave early. Right, I should return and try to probe Old Man Yan Shi on what he is thinking of doing. Does he want to use this to lure Fang Yuan?”


 Bai Ning Bing hurriedly returned, but Old Man Yan Shi was no longer in the stone pavilion.


 He hurried to Shadow Sect’s blessed land, but he was unable to summon the blessed land’s entrance to appear, he also could not contact them using information path mortal Gu, it was almost like the entirety of Shadow Sect, including Old Man Yan Shi, had completely disappeared in an instant.


 The wave of doubts in Bai Ning Bing’s mind intensified, there was a sensation of being discarded, he vaguely felt that the last series of events was anything but a reassuring omen.


 Central Continent, Falling Heavenly River.


 Right now, the bottom of the riverbed of the source of Falling Heavenly River was filled with light.


 Countless Gu Immortals of Central Continent fixed their gazes at the riverbed’s only light source, their hearts filled with fervent desire.


 An immortal zombie with eyes closed was floating in this light. His appearance was just like before when he was alive, seemingly filled with vitality. Sharp brows, high nose, jade green hair, upright back, it was Bo Qing!


 “Who could have thought Bo Qing would have turned into an immortal zombie.”


 “Back then, the fairy of Spirit Affinity House at that time, Mo Yao, had also faced the tribulation with him. But there is only Bo Qing here, it seems Mo Yao had completely died.”


 “According to the sect records, that heavenly tribulation had such terrifying might that it shook the whole of Central Continent. It really is inconceivable that Bo Qing could preserve his life, how strong was he actually?”


 The immortals discussed with each other.


 “The corpse has been maintained for so long, who knows how many secrets it contains. As long as we can obtain it, we can decipher the profound mysteries of Bo Qing’s cultivation back then. Even if there is no sword path true inheritance, just this research alone would be an enormous gain. Maybe it can even add to a true inheritance in the sect?”


 Most of these thoughts were from the Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects. They were looking at long term prospects, considering for the situation of their sect.


 While the lone immortals and demonic cultivators like Jian Yi Sheng were paying attention to the Immortal Gu carried by the immortal zombie Bo Qing.


 “There are still auras of so many Immortal Gu on his body. This is really unimaginable for them to exist until now! These are all sword path Immortal Gu of the pseudo-Immortal Venerable, I will be satisfied with even just one!”


 Central Continent’s righteous path was very prosperous, and the demonic cultivators were fiercely suppressed, to the extent that their situation was the most miserable among the demonic cultivators in the entirety of the five regions.


 These demonic cultivators and lone cultivators did not dare to have any idea of taking Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body, and only wanted to make a profit and run away quickly.


 In fact, before this, in the process of entering Falling Heavenly River, almost all the immortals had made some gains.


 The remains of beasts and plants cut down by the sword lights were not few. As long as one looked for them carefully, they could find them.


 However, Bo Qing’s assets was truly too attractive.


 Humans die for wealth and birds die for food. Since they personally witnessing it, who would want to leave now?



***
Chapter 960 - Bo Qing Awakens


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 At this time, there were at least thirty Gu Immortals at the bottom of Falling Heavenly River’s source.


 The immortals had heated gazes, they were staring at the light lump that enveloped the immortal zombie, Bo Qing, they looked around secretly, they were very alert towards their competitors.


 Among these competitors, the strongest ones were the Gu Immortals from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects.


 Jin Lie Yang, Hong Chi Ming, Qi Yun Tian and others.


 And among the people from the ten great ancient sects, the most threatening one was Fairy Bai Qing.


 Seeing this stalemate, Qi Yun Tian said slowly: “Fairy Bai Qing, this situation is very clear. Bo Qing has his immortal zombie remains, but his soul was decimated by the tribulation. However, there are some wills and emotions left in his mind, he can defend himself.”


 “Thus, whenever we get close, he will use his Immortal Gu and shoot out extremely sharp sword lights, attacking everywhere. To weaken his animosity, we need something that contains Bo Qing’s aura, or a Gu worm that he refined in the past, we can also use the wills and emotions left behind by Bo Qing, as long as we take these out, we can get close to Bo Qing and gain the upper hand.”


 Fairy Bai Qing smiled bitterly: “Why would I have these things, if I did, I would have taken action long ago, right?”


 She indeed did not.


 Because she had not expected to find Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body.


 Qi Yun Tian smiled lightly: “Fairy Bai Qing, why are you lying to us? You are the first person here, why did you come here alone secretly? Is all this a coincidence?”


 Fairy Bai Qing’s smile became more bitter: “You say I came here secretly, that is wrong. I had used the path through Myriad Dragon Dock and Combat Immortal Sect, I came here openly, what do you mean by secretly?”


 She had come to investigate Falling Heavenly River because of Feng Jiu Ge’s last words.


 But she could not expose this truth.


 Spirit Affinity House needed to stall the information regarding Feng Jiu Ge’s death as much as possible, so that they could have more time to prepare.


 Jin Lie Yang frowned more deeply now, his voice became more shrill: “Why is Fairy Bai Qing hiding it from us? The current situation will only draw in more Gu Immortals. As time passes, accidents might occur! We of the ten great ancient sects should work together to jointly control situation in Central Continent. Otherwise, if those lone cultivators obtain Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu, Central Continent would undergo huge turbulence. Is your sect going to ignore Central Continent’s wellbeing just for your own greed?”


 Qi Yun Tian’s attitude was warm, he continued urging: “We of the ten great ancient sects are of the same origin. We should work together and obtain immortal zombie Bo Qing. I can represent Wind Cloud Manor and sign an alliance agreement with your sect, we will ensure you get your benefits in this matter.”


 Fairy Bai Qing was silent.


 She sneered internally, Jin Lie Yang and Qi Yun Tian were working together to coerce and coax her, how could she not know that.


 She was secretly anxious.


 This had happened too suddenly, and Spirit Affinity House did not send Gu Immortals to reinforce her.


 Even though she was rank seven, facing these immortals, she could not do much.


 No matter what immortal zombie Bo Qing’s situation was, it was very important to take back his body and sword path Immortal Gu for Spirit Affinity House.


 The other nine sects knew this.


 Right now, in their opinion, Feng Jiu Ge was missing, he was likely dead, Spirit Affinity House was weakened now, they could not let them obtain this immortal zombie Bo Qing.


 If they nurtured another Bo Qing who was as strong as Feng Jiu Ge, what would the nine sects do?


 The situation in Falling Heavenly River was extremely dangerous.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s sword lights were extremely sharp, they shot through the entirety of Central Continent.


 Large numbers of demonic and lone cultivators came because of it. They desired conflict, they wanted to obtain huge gains from it.


 As for the immortals from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, they want to stabilize the situation and not give these outsiders a chance.


 But at the same time, the immortals of the ten great ancient sects were not united, thus, the nine sects were resisting Spirit Affinity House together.


 Fairy Bai Qing was thought to have possession of a crucial method, she could not explain her innocence now.


 Just as the immortals were in a deadlock, a vast rank eight aura surged.


 “All of the immortals stand back, we of Heavenly Court are taking charge.”


 Everyone gasped, they looked at the source of the sound and saw a female immortal descending.


 It was the rank eight water path Gu Immortal Bai Cang Shui.


 The situation changed at once!


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 Light shone on Heaven Overseeing Tower, it had been rebuilt again, standing in front of the three immortals.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Bi Chen Tian, and Lian Jiu Sheng felt the weight on their hearts easing, they sighed in relief.


 Ever since Heaven Overseeing Tower was slashed by the sword light, they had not rested.


 To prevent the sword path dao marks from corroding it further and destroying more Gu worms, they had worked day and night to repair it without rest, they had finally succeeded.


 Thankfully, the three immortals rapidly replaced the destroyed Gu worms using the huge amount of immortal materials in Heavenly Court’s storage, saving it in time.


 There was something important to note, Heaven Overseeing Tower was a rank nine Immortal Gu House, it had incredible defense. Even though it was split in half by the sword light, what it truly lost was only the Gu worms near the damage caused by the sword, in fact, Heaven Overseeing Tower was not gravely damaged.


 After looking at it for a while, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord took a deep breath and supported himself on his walking stick as he held fate Gu, walking towards the tower.


 Lian Jiu Sheng could not help but ask: “Tower Lord, are you not going to rest, why are you in a rush to activate Heaven Overseeing Tower?”


 “Thank you for your concern, it is alright.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord smiled, rejecting the suggestion.


 For some reason, ever since the sword light attacked Heaven Overseeing Tower, he had been having an ominous sensation.


 As time passed, this ominous sensation intensified.


 Even after seeing the repaired Heaven Overseeing Tower, he did not feel this ominous sensation going away.


 “Go.” He willed, in his hand, fate Gu turned into a mystical light, entering the top of the tower, towards the formation core.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord moved his aged body as he slowly walked up the stairs.


 Every step he took expended rank eight immortal essence.


 The tower walls were shining in bright light, they appeared to be in a mess and did not give any hints or advice.


 But Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord did not mind it.


 Fate Immortal Gu could only use half of its might, half of the images displayed were blurry or dark.


 After walking for sixty steps, the image on the wall became clear.


 On the nameless peak of Southern Border, the scene was depicted vividly in front of Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord.


 In the image, Martial Duel Heavenly King and the mysterious rank seven Gu Immortal’s fight entered Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s vision.


 This old man frowned unconsciously.


 “Rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie... Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage... and this!”


 On the mysterious rank seven Gu Immortal’s forehead, the red lotus mark was very bright red and striking.


 “An inheritor of Red Lotus’ true inheritance!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s eyes flashed with sharpness.


 The pain that Red Lotus Demon Venerable brought to Heavenly Court and the damage he dealt to fate Immortal Gu, had tormented generations after generations of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals for over a million years!


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord stopped on this step, thinking deeply.


 “Red Lotus’ true inheritance, it has to be destroyed! No traces must be left behind!”


 “The Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie is less of a concern... but that Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage should belong to Heavenly Court ideally. Even if Southern Border has the regional wall, Heavenly Court has to make an attempt now.”


 Just that mystical Immortal Gu House, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, was worth the intervention of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 Even though rank eight Gu Immortals faced much difficulty in passing the five regions’ regional walls, and had to pay a huge price.


 “Without concealing such a scene, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world would definitely be stirred up, countless immortals would come forward to fight for it. If Heavenly Court wants to traverse regions and compete, we have to choose appropriate people, and the number has to be precise.”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord thought more deeply and soon shook his head, placing these troublesome thoughts aside.


 He continued to go up.


 Sixty steps, seventy steps, eighty steps...


 When he got to the eighty-third step, the image changed again.


 This time, it was the scene of Central Continent.


 In Falling Heavenly River, immortal zombie Bo Qing’s eyes were shut as the Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Bai Cang Shui led the immortals and controlled the situation singlehandedly.


 In the image, Bai Cang Shui smiled and spoke to Fairy Bai Qing.


 But after Fairy Bai Qing replied to her, Bai Cang Shui’s expression became one of deep disappointment.


 Soon, she concealed her expression and became calm again.


 She moved her fingers, setting up a Gu formation, planning to seal this place.


 But at this moment, starlight shot over, it penetrated the incomplete Gu formation and shot towards immortal zombie Bo Qing.


 As starlight shined brightly, immortal zombie Bo Qing opened his eyes!


 In an instant, countless flashes of sword light burst out, turning the world white.


 Even Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shut his eyes in response.


 At the next moment, he opened his eyes.


 What he saw was a bloody scene.


 There were bits and pieces of Gu Immortal corpses everywhere, the head of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, Bai Cang Shui, was rolling away with streams of blood.


 Her eyes were opened wide, she had died!


 “How can this be?” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, who saw this, was anguished.


 Three figures landed immediately.


 Seven Star Child was in front, followed by Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun.


 “Azure, you are finally awake.” Seven Star Child laughed loudly, his body was emitting a powerful rank eight aura.


 He walked forward, getting close to immortal zombie Bo Qing.


 Bo Qing’s eyes shined with ruthlessness, sword light shot out.


 Seven Star Child was shocked, he did not expect Bo Qing to attack him!


 The sword light was peerlessly sharp, he was sliced in half, even his immortal zombie body was useless against it.


 Seven Star Child’s pitiful death stunned Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun.


 “What is going on? Envoy Azure killed Vice Envoy Blue!”


 “No, he is not Envoy Azure, his mind is filled with heaven’s will, and there is another person’s remnant soul living inside his body!”


 At once, Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun were shocked and furious.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing was expressionless, he turned around to look at them.


 Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun felt a strong chill, they sank into despair.


 They did not see any killing intent from immortal zombie Bo Qing’s eyes.


 They only saw the unfeeling and impartial nature of the way of heaven!


 They were people who escaped from fate, they were targets of elimination of the way of heaven.


 An intense aura of death engulfed them, against the famous pseudo-Immortal Venerable, Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun could not escape or dodge, they could only await their deaths.



***
Chapter 961 - Unprecedented Contest


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hahaha, I finally succeeded!”


 Coming out of the underground cave, Fang Yuan’s face was filled with joy.


 During this period, he had exerted all of his effort into deducing this immortal killer move, he had finally obtained some results today.


 This new killer move used eat strength Immortal Gu, pulling mountain Immortal Gu and pulling water Immortal Gu as the cores, with three hundred and thirty thousand supplementary mortal Gu, he formed an extravagant combination that would stun another person.


 To activate this killer move, Fang Yuan had to focus wholeheartedly for two hours, activating this set of Gu worms.


 Then, going through three days and nights without rest, he could gradually transform his living body into an immortal zombie body, or transform his immortal zombie body into a living body.


 Even though it was not as convenient as nirvana fire, Fang Yuan had reached his limits by getting such progress.


 Fang Yuan was very satisfied with this result.


 After all, Fang Yuan only had so many strength path Immortal Gu. He could use all of them here thanks to the light of wisdom.


 Of course, it was because he had nirvana fire as the blueprint.


 If he did not have nirvana fire, or the set of Gu worms to research that were lent by Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fang Yuan would not have been able to obtain a strength path version in such a short time.


 Also, Fang Yuan had wisdom path grandmaster attainment level.


 Because of all these reasons, a minor miracle was created.


 “Next, I have to use those strength path immortal zombies and exert strength Gu to form my high grade life-and-death blessed land, to revive.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 After searching for so long, he had finally reached this stage.


 As for Luo Po valley, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had repaired it not long ago.


 Fang Yuan gave it a try, cultivating inside Luo Po valley.


 It was indeed the soul cultivation sacred land that was on par with Dang Hun Mountain!


 Paired with Dang Hun Mountain’s guts Gu, Fang Yuan’s soul cultivation was advancing by leaps and bounds.


 But now, Fang Yuan knew that the most important thing was to revive. His soul cultivation could be placed aside now, he did not need to engage in it.


 Fang Yuan could almost not hold in his urge.


 But just as he was about to start, he received Blazing Heaven Demoness’ letter.


 The contents caused his revival plan to pause.


 “Rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie?” When Fang Yuan saw this line, his heart pounded.


 The information that Blazing Heaven Demoness gave him was regarding the nameless mountain in Southern Border.


 This matter was too big now, it concerned an Immortal Gu House, it had spread throughout the entirety of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 In Southern Border, there was a Zombie Alliance branch as well.


 Thus, as the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch, Blazing Heaven Demoness quickly got hold of the news.


 “Blazing Heaven Demoness has great ambitions, she knows that I have Fixed Immortal Travel, thus she observed the events over all five regions. As a higher up of Zombie Alliance, she could collect information more easily than Fairy Li Shan.”


 Fang Yuan felt his weakness in intelligence gathering once again.


 In his previous life, he had an organization and network, his developed blood path Gu worm techniques could replace the use of most information path methods.


 But in this life, Fang Yuan used his previous life’s memories together with intelligence mainly from people like Fairy Li Shan and Lang Ya land spirit.


 As more and more unexpected surprises occurred, Fang Yuan was starting to feel that his previous life’s memories were beginning to become unreliable.


 The truth of history was often hidden in deep fog, what Fang Yuan saw in his previous life was only what had been exposed and was seemingly true on the surface.


 Even for matters that he had experienced personally, they might not have been as simple as he thought.


 The reasons for the occurrence of many events were complicated.


 “In my previous life, I had a tough time, I slowly climbed up from the bottom, my network and resources were accumulated slowly, thus I had no obvious weaknesses. But after rebirth, I have obtained opportunities one after another, my strength rose rapidly, or rather, explosively. Thus, in many aspects, I could not keep up.”


 “It seems that I have to use more information path methods to collect intelligence. For the time being, I can rely on outsiders like Blazing Heaven Demoness, but in the long run, I need to rely on myself!”


 Fang Yuan contemplated.


 Lack of information meant losing many opportunities.


 Like just now, Fang Yuan did not know the situation, he was kept in the dark, he almost missed this fortuitous encounter completely.


 Three days later, Fang Yuan went alone to Southern Border, approaching the nameless mountain.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was still in Dark Flow Giant City, she had told Fang Yuan in the letter that she was busy refining Gu and setting up the Immortal Gu formation, she could not leave. But when necessary, she would come to take action.


 As for Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, they were in Northern Plains, using Luo Po valley to cultivate their souls, and increase their foundation. They had an intense interest towards the Immortal Gu House, but their Northern Plains aura made it difficult for them to roam Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan came here to obtain intelligence.


 Even though he had become a Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, he had the concealment of vaguely familiar face, ordinary Gu Immortals could not expose him.


 On the nameless mountain, once in a while, phantom images would reappear.


 Bai Ning Bing was nowhere to be found.


 Fang Yuan watched it three times over and pondered over it before moving, getting close to the nameless mountain.


 As expected, like what Blazing Heaven Demoness said in the letter, this place was a forbidden zone for immortals. The deeper Fang Yuan went, the more he felt his limbs going weak, he felt that his immortal aperture was being pressured by a formless force.


 Fang Yuan had to stop in his tracks, he knew that if this continued, his immortal aperture would be destroyed before he took fifty or sixty steps.


 That would not do.


 He had to use his strength path immortal aperture to create the life-and-death immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan had to retreat.


 At this time, he heard a tender laughter from behind him.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he immediately turned around.


 Only to see a beautiful woman, dressed in pink and red, her hair was tied up and her skin was white like snow, her eyes were alluring and watery, she was standing nearby, looking at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to be careless.


 This woman was oozing with Gu Immortal aura, she was a rank six Gu Immortal.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s gaze, this beautiful woman introduced herself: “I am Li Mei Hua, people call me Granny Mei Hua. Handsome lad, you look very unfamiliar, where do you cultivate?”


 Fang Yuan smiled, he thought: “So she is Granny Mei Hua.”


 Even though Fang Yuan had never seen Granny Mei Hua personally, he had seen her granddaughter, that demonic path female Gu Master, Hu Mei Er.


 To care for beauty was natural for women.


 There was no relation between the age and appearance of Gu Immortals.


 Right now, Fang Yuan wore a green robe and his sleeves were large and wide, the wind blew and his robe fluttered, moving like a war banner.


 In Fang Yuan’s disguise, he had a rank six Gu Immortal aura, he was tall and skinny, having a middle aged appearance with a tall nose bridge, slim eyes, and his pupils radiated with faint traces of jade green light. He gave off an eerie aura, as if he was not to be trifled with, even though he was not good looking, he had quite a disposition.


 “Granny Mei Hua, I have long since heard of you. I am Sheng Ying, I am just a simple wanderer.” Fang Yuan replied.


 “Sheng Ying...” Li Mei Hua memorized this name, she could not remember such a person in Southern Border.


 However, she did not find it strange.


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s introduction, she knew that he was a lone cultivator.


 Southern Border had many mountains, countless experts were in seclusion. Many lone cultivators never showed themselves, nobody knew about them.


 But because of the Immortal Gu House, Gu Immortals one after another were attracted and had come over.


 Fang Yuan, who was disguised as Sheng Ying, was just one of them.


 These last days, Li Mei Hua had contacted many Gu Immortals similar to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was slightly suspicious towards Li Mei Hua’s warm attitude in approaching him.


 Fang Yuan was about to ask, when Li Mei Hua told him the reason.


 Fang Yuan realized at once.


 Li Mei Hua invited Fang Yuan to travel together, after thinking about it, he agreed.


 He followed Li Mei Hua and moved out, settling down at Headless Mountain which was a thousand li away. When Fang Yuan got there, there were already many demonic path or lone immortals on the mountain.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, many cast curious gazes, while some has grim or ruthless expressions.


 Because they did not know Fang Yuan’s background, no Gu Immortals spoke to him yet.


 But Granny Mei Hua was quite popular, the moment she returned, someone smiled: “Li Mei Hua, you brought another one?”


 “Hahaha, this time, we demonic and lone cultivators have gathered to negotiate with the righteous path, Granny Mei Hua has made the most contribution towards it.”


 “Oh no, I am flattered, I am just doing my best to help.” Li Mei Hua smiled as she greeted and interacted with the people around here one after another, she managed the individual relationships with great ease.


 “Let me introduce you, this is brother Sheng Ying, he is a lone immortal.” After talking to everyone, Li Mei Hua introduced Fang Yuan to them.


 “So you are brother Sheng.” Immediately, a demonic path Gu Immortal cupped his fists.


 “I am Zhong He Zi.”


 “I see that sir cultivates transformation path, oh, my name is Lan Tian Hong, I am also a lone cultivator.”


 ...


 Fang Yuan showed a look of being poor at socializing, barely interacting with them.


 After some short talks, Headless Mountain returned to being peaceful like before Fang Yuan arrived.


 Li Mei Hua did not stay on the mountain for long, she had to return to the nameless mountain and wait for more people, she pointed at a mountain before leaving, telling Fang Yuan: “That Pine Tail Mountain is the base camp of the righteous path Gu Immortals.”


 Even without her pointing it out, the intense Gu Immortal aura on that mountain had already informed Fang Yuan.


 After separating from Li Mei Hua, Fang Yuan stayed on Headless Mountain.


 He did not go out often, most of his time was spent in his cave, after all, Fang Yuan was disguised now, and vaguely familiar face was not an invincible disguise.


 He stayed and waited for more than ten days, during this period, Headless Mountain and Pine Tail Mountain welcomed Gu Immortals from both righteous and demonic paths.


 Most of them were rank six, whenever a rank seven Gu Immortal came, a commotion would be created, eventually, even rank eight Gu Immortals arrived, a total of four!


 One demonic path, one lone cultivator, and two of the righteous path.


 It formed a balance of power on both sides.


 The rank eight Gu Immortals did not involve themselves, every day, the Gu Immortals on both sides recommended one person each to engage in a difficult negotiation.


 After seven days and nights of negotiation, they finally came to an agreement.


 The righteous and demonic paths, dozens of Gu Immortals set an agreement together, all around the nameless mountain, they were engaging in a grand contest that was rare even in a thousand years!


 The winner of the contest would obtain the opportunity on the nameless mountain. As for the other Gu Immortals, they were not to attack the victor for the next three years.



***
Chapter 962 - Xiao Shan, Xiao Mang


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 At the bottom of Falling Heavenly River, immortal zombie Bo Qing’s eyes moved around, looking emotionlessly at Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun.


 At this moment, Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun’s hearts were jumping, they were facing immense pressure, they were drenched in sweat.


 Bo Qing was known as a pseudo-Immortal Venerable, during his time, he was publicly recognized as the strongest person under rank nine venerables in the five regions!


 Even though he had become an immortal zombie after the tribulation and his immortal aperture was completely destroyed, he still had ample rank eight immortal essence on him, especially his sword path dao marks, they were not destroyed.


 Thus, his battle strength was terrifying.


 The most crucial point were the dao marks!


 The higher the Gu Immortal’s cultivation level, the more dao marks they had. Even if two people were using the same Immortal Gu, the difference in dao marks would cause different outcomes when the Immortal Gu’s power was amplified.


 Consider Qin Bai Sheng, a soul path Gu Immortal who also cultivated metal path, he did not have a single sword path dao mark on him, but when he used five finger fist heart sword, he could fight Feng Jiu Ge on equal grounds.


 Right now, none of Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu were damaged, together with his vast number of sword path dao marks, he could display unimaginable might, he could almost replicate the glory that he had when he was alive.


 Thus, Bai Cang Shui, Seven Star Child, and the others had no chance to resist him.


 Not to mention Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun.


 The higher the rank of the Gu Immortal, the greater the difference, between rank seven and eight, the difference in dao marks was like heaven and earth. Between rank six and seven, there might be those who are evenly matched occasionally. But when rank eight fought against rank seven, it was almost always a one-sided fight. When rank nine fought rank eight, it would be as simple as stepping on an ant.


 Facing immortal zombie Bo Qing, Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun had no way to retaliate!


 “Am I going to die today?”


 “What will we do? What will we do!”


 The two of them felt their bodies going cold, countless thoughts were churning in their minds, looking at this situation, they had almost no hope.


 Bo Qing raised his finger, pointing at Song Zi Xing.


 A thin sword light flashed.


 Song Zi Xing did not even try to escape, he faced death with a bitter smile.


 Because he knew that in front of Bo Qing, escaping was completely futile.


 Bo Qing pointed at Yu Mu Chun.


 “No—! I am unresigned, I cannot die!” Yu Mu Chun shouted loudly, in the moment between life and death, he took out an Immortal Gu.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s movements froze.


 His face started to show a struggling expression.


 Yu Mu Chun’s heart was pounding loudly, he started at Bo Qing’s changing face anxiously.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s expression turned from impassive to confused, he showed pain, hatred, and sadness, he was like a traffic light that was rapidly changing in color.


 Eventually, his expression turned lively, there was some intelligence shining in his eyes, it was like a person with dementia suddenly recovering his senses.


 He looked at his hand, and looked around at the brutal bloody scene, in the end, he looked towards Yu Mu Chun, asking hesitantly: “You are...”


 Yu Mu Chun’s body was full of cold sweat, he replied weakly like he had lost all his strength: “You are finally awake, Mo Yao, it seems that I made the right gamble. It was so close, so close.”


 It turned out that the remnant soul inside immortal zombie Bo Qing’s body was Mo Yao’s remnant soul.


 Yu Mu Chun’s Immortal Gu awakened Mo Yao’s remnant soul, it caused the heaven’s will which was inside the immortal zombie’s mind to be pushed out.


 Without the manipulation of heaven’s will, immortal zombie Bo Qing stopped attacking.


 Yu Mu Chun took several deep breaths as he continued: “Remember our conversation back then, in order to revive Bo Qing...”


 “Bo Qing!”


 Hearing her lover’s name, Mo Yao’s remnant soul shook.


 She manipulated the immortal zombie body, nodding as she interrupted Yu Mu Chun: “Then what should I do now?”


 Yu Mu Chun looked at Seven Star Child and Song Zi Xing’s corpses, sighing.


 If they were still alive, together with Yu Mu Chun, the three of them could use an immortal killer move and teleport all of the immortals to Central Continent’s north-east area.


 Heavenly Lotus Sect was in control of that area.


 But now that Seven Star Child and Song Zi Xing were dead, Yu Mu Chun could only settle for dealing with Combat Immortal Sect, giving up on attacking Heavenly Lotus Sect.


 “I hope that they can be stalled!” Yu Mu Chun took a glance in Heavenly Court’s direction, feeling deeply worried.


 Heavenly Court, Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s expression was dark, he was filled with anger.


 He looked at the image, Yu Mu Chun cooperated with immortal zombie Bo Qing and was going to attack one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, Combat Immortal Sect, he could no longer watch idly.


 Even though he was a Gu Immortal from Heavenly Lotus Sect, Combat Immortal Sect was still a sect underneath Heavenly Court.


 Right now, immortal zombie Bo Qing had awakened, Combat Immortal Sect was in danger. Only Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could save them!


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord flew out of Heaven Overseeing Tower, summoning Lian Jiu Sheng and Bi Chen Tian: “An issue has occurred in Falling Heavenly River, Bai Cang Shui is dead, Bo Qing revived as an immortal zombie and is attacking Combat Immortal Sect. We have to reinforce them now!”


 The two immortals were extremely shocked, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s words contained information that was simply too hard to believe.


 “Go!”


 The two immortals were only stunned momentarily.


 Immediately after, they reacted and the three immortals used Heavenly Court’s teleportation Gu formation and appeared at Combat Immortal Sect’s base in a moment.


 Looking at the north-west direction, the sky was clear as a grand sword light flew over rapidly.


 A battle of rank eights was right before their eyes.


 Southern Border, Light Mountain.


 Light Mountain was more than two and a half kilometers tall, the light path Gu worms produced on the mountain were well-known over the whole of Southern Border.


 This mountain had been in the control of a single force for the last thousand years.


 Xiao clan.


 Rumors had it that Southern Border’s Xiao clan and Western Desert’s Xiao clan were of the same origin. A thousand years ago, there was an internal conflict within Western Desert’s Xiao clan, resulting in the losing side leaving and moving to Southern Border.


 Southern Border’s Xiao clan was once a super force. But its final remaining Gu Immortal, Xiao clan’s supreme elder, had not appeared for the last hundred years, it caused Xiao clan to fall from a super force to a large scale force.


 Xiao clan’s current leader, Xiao Shan, stood on a mountain slope, he looked at Xiao clan’s main base partway up the mountain as he showed dejection and hatred in his eyes.


 A figure ran up the mountain rapidly, landing beside Xiao Shan, paying respects to him: “Xiao Zi Feng greets lord clan leader.”


 “That Wu Hui, is he still causing trouble?” Xiao Shan asked in a low voice.


 Clan elder Xiao Zi Feng lowered his head: “Reporting to clan leader, Wu Hui is still screaming in the hall, requesting us to hand over the culprit that killed his son. The other elders are still holding the ground, don’t worry clan leader.”


 Xiao Shan snorted coldly, he gritted his fists: “Wu Hui’s son was the one with ill intentions, trying to target Xiao Cui Er, my daughter was just defending herself. This Wu Hui is actually using Wu clan to cause a ruckus in Xiao clan’s discussion hall!”


 “Clan leader, all will be fine if we endure this. Wu Hui is not a problem, but Wu clan is very powerful, we cannot resist them.” Xiao Zi Feng quickly urged.


 Xiao Shan’s clenched fists loosened, he sighed deeply, his face was full of fatigue and bitterness.


 He waved to Xiao Zi Feng: “Forget it, I will hide at the back of the mountain for the time being.”


 Xiao Zi Feng took his leave, vanishing into the forest below.


 Xiao Shan sighed at the sky again, his mind was filled with gloominess and anger, he could not calm himself.


 But at this moment, he suddenly heard a voice resounding in his mind.


 “Come here, my descendant!”


 “Who is it?” Xiao Shan was suspicious and uncertain.


 This voice spoke again — come here, my descendant!


 This voice was very familiar to Xiao Shan. He followed the voice’s direction, entering deep into the region at the back of the mountain, until he reached Xiao clan’s forbidden area.


 “This is Xiao clan’s forbidden area, even as the leader of Xiao clan, I have no authority to enter it!” Xiao Shan stopped moving, he was very troubled.


 That voice rang in his mind again: “My descendant, you inherited my bloodline, why are you so timid? I am Xiao clan’s ancestor, a Gu Immortal of Xiao clan, quickly come and receive my inheritance, the mission to strengthen our clan is yours to bear.”


 Xiao Shan’s eyes shined, his body was trembling in agitation.


 Gu Immortal!


 Xiao clan’s ancestor!


 “Were the rumors true? My Xiao clan has had a Gu Immortal before? This voice is so familiar to me. I am a rank five peak stage Gu Master, other than Gu Immortals, who in this world can transmit their voices into my mind directly?”


 “But this is forbidden area in the clan. Anyone who steps into this place will be exiled from the clan, even as the leader, I am no exception!” Xiao Shan thought of this and clenched his fists tightly.


 He was engaged in an intense internal struggle.


 “No, I must get the ancestor’s inheritance! Wu Hui has caused our Xiao clan to lose face, if Wu clan voices out their support of Wu Hui, will I be able to protect my daughter? Wu clan is so overbearing and forceful, rumors says that they have Wu clan’s Gu Immortals backing them! If I can receive the inheritance and become a Gu Immortal, I will definitely be able to raise Xiao clan’s reputation and change everything!”


 Xiao Shan’s face shined with determination.


 He hesitated no longer, he walked into the forbidden area.


 Under the guidance of the voice, he reached a cave, seeing an Immortal Gu inside the cave.


 Before he reacted, the Immortal Gu turned into a mystical light and fused into his body.


 “This Gu worm’s aura is preventing me from moving at all through power alone. Is this a legendary Immortal Gu?” Xiao Shan was surprised and joyful.


 But when he inspected his body, the Immortal Gu was nowhere to be seen.


 He could not find it anywhere.


 And at this time, the voice in his head vanished completely.


 Xiao Shan felt trepidation and deep suspicion as he walked out of the mountain’s forbidden area.


 “Brother, right now, Wu clan’s elder is here to cause trouble, but you as the leader violated our rules and sneaked into our clan’s forbidden area! You are not fit to be the clan leader!” Xiao Mang suddenly appeared, bringing with him a larger number of Xiao clan elders.


 Xiao Shan realized the situation was turning bad.


 He knew that his twin brother had great ambitions, he had been coveting his position as clan leader.


 “This is not what you think!” Xiao Shan wanted to explain himself, but he could not explain himself clearly.


 He was unwilling to casually mention the Gu Immortal inheritance, he was afraid that other forces or experts would try to take it away by force.


 “Your explanations are just excuses! According to the clan rules, you are no longer a member of Xiao clan! The position of clan leader is mine!” Xiao Mang shouted, his expression was ruthless and furious, excitement and ambition was hidden deep inside his eyes.



***
Chapter 963 - Yi Tian Mountain!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The speed of the sword light was beyond belief, as it cut through the air.


 However, Heavenly Pool, the location of Heavenly Lotus Sect, was still far away beyond the horizon.


 “Hmm?” The sword light dissipated, revealing Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body and Yu Mu Chun.


 The immortal zombie Bo Qing, which was controlled by Mo Yao’s remnant soul, was now frowning with a sharp gaze, as he used sword light to sweep the surroundings.


 The sword light was incomparably sharp, everywhere it went, space rippled and illusions shattered, revealing the true scene.


 However, a breath of time later, the true scenery was covered by layers and layers of illusions again.


 “This is Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Immortal Gu House, Illusion Garden, which is built on the foundation of illusion path and was created over three hundred years ago by Illusion Demon Immortal Huang Xiao.” Yu Mu Chun immediately explained.


 Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body nodded, sighing: “Every age brings forth new geniuses. It seems many geniuses have appeared in Central Continent after my main body’s death.”


 Yu Mu Chun spoke: “Illusion Demon Immortal has already died, this Immortal Gu House could beguile and trap us so stealthily that we were only able to realize now, the person who is controlling it should have a very high cultivation!”


 Just as he said this, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng appeared.


 “Escaping fate is already a great sin. Now, you are thinking of attacking the sects under Heavenly Court, this is unpardonable!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord immediately shouted.


 “You talk too much!” Immortal zombie Bo Qing was furious, he waved his arm, a terrifying sword light quickly slashed.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng cried out as they activated their immortal killer moves.


 The sword light was unstoppable, it broke all the killer moves of the three immortals, its might had decreased for the most part in doing this but it still was able to charge towards them.


 The three immortals disappeared without a trace, evading this strike.


 “Cowards!” Immortal zombie Bo Qing snorted, extremely displeased.


 Yu Mu Chun’s eyes shined with sharp radiance, but he let out a sigh of relief inwardly.


 The three Heavenly Court immortals were controlling the Immortal Gu House Illusion Garden, combining the strength of three rank eights, using this to be able to trap Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body and Yu Mu Chun in it.


 Time passed, several days later.


 Southern Border, on the nameless mountain.


 Bam bam bam!


 Three explosions resounded, and bright light blossomed.


 Xiao Mang was sent flying, blood spurted out from his mouth while in the air.


 Bam.


 A muffled sound echoed.


 He did not crash on the ground, but was instead caught by the elders behind him with some difficulty.


 Defeated!


 Xiao Mang’s face was pale as paper, he opened his eyes wide, staring fixedly at Xiao Shan with hatred and anger.


 Behind Xiao Shan stood two demonic path Gu Masters, both rank five experts, one tall and fat, another short and thin.


 Several days ago, Xiao Shan had set foot in the forbidden area at the back of Light Mountain, breaking Xiao clan’s rules, and had to be punished. Xiao Mang took this chance to seize authority and kill Xiao Shan.


 Xiao Shan ran as quickly as he could, while Xiao Mang hunted him down with the elders.


 Their chase had brought them to this nameless mountain peak, Xiao Shan was in a hopeless situation with no way out, just as he was about to be killed by Xiao Mang, two demonic path Gu Masters descended from the sky and saved him.


 Xiao Mang was filled with anger at having all his efforts go to waste at the last moment, he pushed away the hands of the elders supporting him as he stood up, shouting at Xiao Shan: “Xiao Shan, sure enough, you were harboring evil intentions! As a clan leader of the righteous path, you were secretly colluding with demonic path Gu Masters!!”


 Xiao Shan threw his head back and laughed loudly, his laughter filled with grief and indignation: “I really misjudged you, for power, you were actually willing to kill me! You have such a vicious heart, it is so funny that I always treated you as my only close relative in the world. You can distort the facts as you like, but I believe that others will easily be able to discern the truth.”


 “Lord Xiao Mang, the enemy’s strength is great, we should retreat.”


 “Right, we have enough time.”


 “Xiao Shan is heavily injured and near death, but the two rank five demonic path Gu Masters behind him are in good condition.”


 The elders tried to quietly persuade him.


 “Hmph!” Xiao Mang spat out some blood and said with disdain, “Those two are also nothing but stray dogs, their cultivation might be high but they don’t have many Gu worms, what are you afraid of?”


 Although he said this, Xiao Mang also knew that he would be unable to kill his own elder brother, Xiao Shan, today.


 The dark light in his eyes flickered as he internally pondered: “Right now, I already hold the upper hand and also have the basis of righteousness on my side. There is no need to go all-out, after returning to Light Mountain, I can inherit the position of clan leader! At that time, I can use my identity in the righteous path to issue a warrant and bounty for Xiao Shan’s head. Xiao Shan is without a clan now, and with the righteous path’s warrant, he can only live as a fugitive with his strength decreasing constantly. It will be wiser if I bide my time and kill him in the future.”


 With these thoughts, Xiao Mang did not stubbornly persist.


 “Xiao Shan, you traitor of the righteous path, you will surely die like a dog. For now, I will spare your life, just you wait, I will come to take it in the future! Let’s go!”


 After leaving behind these vicious words, Xiao Mang and the elders cautiously retreated.


 He was also injured but he still had ample strength left.


 The two demonic path Gu Masters did not have many Gu worms and so did not dare to go on a reckless chase, letting them leave.


 “Brother Xiao, we meet again!” The tall and fat rank five demonic path Gu Master was called Sun Pang Hu, after he saw Xiao Mang had left, he looked at Xiao Shan with tears in his eyes.


 The short and thin rank five Gu Master was called Zhou Xing Xing, he was supporting Xiao Shan’s shoulder while activating a healing Gu worm: “Talk about the past later, heal brother Xiao’s injuries first!”


 Xiao Shan’s heavy injuries were quickly stabilized under the efforts of these two Gu Masters.


 Xiao Shan had an ashen expression as he heaved a deep sigh: “It is fortunate the two of you were here to help, otherwise I would have died here! But my younger brother is ruthless, he will definitely try to come after me again. He won’t rest until he kills me, I can heal these injuries myself, both of you leave, I don’t want to implicate you two!”


 “What are you talking about, back then I was saved by you. My life is yours, brother Xiao!”


 “Right! In the past, I had slaughtered an enemy’s family for revenge, but was caught by brother Xiao. When you heard my story, you let me go that very night. This kindness has always been engraved in my mind.”


 Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing spoke fervently and sincerely.


 “Neither of us will leave you.”


 “If Xiao Mang wants to battle, he can come, I will fight him to the end!”


 Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing were extremely firm in their attitude.


 Xiao Shan was very moved, his eyes started getting moist with tears: “Sigh, over these years, I have understood this. Who says demonic path Gu Masters are all ungrateful and unkind? Instead, the hypocrites who put on false pretences of kindness can be seen everywhere in the righteous path.”


 “Brother Xiao is correct! Many of us in the demonic path stay true to our nature, and the righteous path go through all possible means to kill us. Since the righteous path won’t accept you, we will be a team from now on, and roam the world as part of the demonic path!” Sun Pang Hu spoke boldly.


 Xiao Shan fell into silence.


 He still had the mindset and ideals of the righteous path embedded in him, and he did not want to join the demonic path.


 He knew there was an Immortal Gu hidden in him, he still wanted to restore his position in Xiao clan.


 Zhou Xing Xing was observing his expression: “Brother, you may not understand. When people hear how you were expelled out of your clan and are being hunted by an insidious relative, many good people will come to help you. Brother, you have been just, upright and have aided people in need over these years, saving others from disasters without consideration for whether they belonged in the righteous or demonic path. Everyone will be willing to help you, willing to fight for you!”


 Xiao Shan frowned, but did not respond.


 At this moment, the voice appeared in his mind again: “Fool! Why do you need to rigidly mind the difference between righteous and demonic? Since you inherited my Immortal Gu, you have the ability to create your own Xiao clan and lead it to prosperity! i will give you a task now, listen carefully...”


 Xiao Shan was excited, and listened carefully.


 The voice in his mind told him that only by passing this test, he could truly earn the inheritance, getting the Immortal Gu and obtaining the method to become a Gu Immortal.


 “Gather Gu Masters at this mountain and create a fortified village, and fight off any invading righteous path enemies. As long as it can be maintained for a hundred days, I can pass the test, obtaining the Immortal Gu and becoming a Gu Immortal!”


 Xiao Shan’s excitement was hard to describe, he clenched his fists and his eyes shined brightly.


 “Good, then let’s go all out! Let these so-called righteous path people look at our might!!” Xiao Shan suddenly spoke boldly.


 Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing were very happy.


 After discussing for a while more, they felt a close affinity with each other, talking and drinking harmoniously.


 Xiao Shan saw the timing was right and suggested becoming sworn brothers.


 Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing exclaimed that this was a wonderful thing!


 Immediately, they chopped off a chicken’s head, put drops of the blood into a single bowl of wine, before they all drank and used Gu to make an oath...


 After they became sworn brothers, Xiao Shan’s face also regained some rosiness, he stood up and faced the breeze of the mountain as he looked at the scenery in front of him.


 He sighed: “The Xiao Shan of the righteous path from yesterday is dead, today, the one standing here is Xiao Shan of the demonic path. This place and I have a fated connection, it allowed me to run into the two of you, this is an arrangement of heaven! I want to build a new village on this mountain, we will welcome any demonic path Gu Masters. Let’s work together and band up to resist the righteous path clans!”


 Sun Pang Hu’s face flushed with excitement, giving a thumbs-up as he praised: “Brother, you are truly a great hero with high morals, this is such a grand course of action!”


 Zhou Xing Xing spat out saliva, speaking with a dark and ruthless look: “Screw it, I have been hunted everywhere by the righteous path over these years, living a life of a fugitive, I have been dissatisfied with this for a long time. Brother, I support you, we will do it like that!”


 “My good brothers!” Xiao Shan grabbed the arms of Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing, saying, “The demonic path is filled with mutual suspicion, if we are to accomplish this, we need to set aside our prejudices and doubts, and believe others, abiding by a spirit of loyalty and brotherhood. Our village shall be called Yi Tian Village! This mountain shall be called Yi Tian Mountain!”


 Far away, Fang Yuan sighed as he observed all these events.


 Indeed, this nameless mountain that hid the Immortal Gu House, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, and the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was Yi Tian Mountain.


 He had already recognized it the moment he saw this mountain.


 It was just that he had not expected the true reason for the battle of Yi Tian Mountain in his previous life to be this.


 “My status was too low back then, my vision was only limited to the mortal world. There are so many hidden details to history, who obtained the Immortal Gu House in my previous life?”


 Fang Yuan was filled with the desire to explore this.


 His gaze moved down again, piercing through the soil, inspecting the Immortal Gu House deep under the earth.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was suppressing the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, it was extremely strong and the forbidden zone for immortals was caused by its strength seeping to the outside. Clearly, it contained the mysteries of food path, the Gu worms that formed the Immortal Gu House were full and in excellent condition.


 And that rank eight immortal zombie, although possessing the Great Strength True Martial Physique, its main cultivation was wisdom path.


 He naturally was not willing to be suppressed, and used a certain killer move, attempting to use his battle will to refine the Immortal Gu House.


 He did not succeed.


 His soul thoroughly died, only leaving behind an empty shell of a body.


 But he did not completely fail either.


 There were large quantities of his battle will in the Immortal Gu House, these battle wills were already purified by the Immortal Gu House’s strength, becoming pure and ownerless battle will.


 When battles occurred on Yi Tian Mountain, the intentions of Gu Masters to fight would form battle will, and resonate with the battle will in the Immortal Gu House, the pure battle will would then gradually turn into the Gu Master’s individual battle will.


 If someone turned all the battle will in the Immortal Gu House into their own battle will, they would complete the unfinished last step of the rank eight immortal zombie, that is, refining the Immortal Gu House and becoming the true owner of the Immortal Gu House!


 The gambling contest agreed to by the Southern Border Gu Immortals revolved around this point.


 First of all, the forbidden zone for immortals had already expanded to ten thousand li. Gu Immortals were unable to personally make a move, so they could only select mortals as their representatives.


 Afterwards, they would form a battlefield, only continuous fierce battles could stimulate the battle will of mortal Gu Masters.


 Then, the bodies of mortal Gu Masters would be tampered with via a simple wisdom path technique.


 Finally, the pure battle will in the Immortal Gu House would convert into the Gu Immortal’s personal battle will.


 In conclusion: Gu Immortals would choose certain mortals and turn these mortals into tools, which the Gu Immortal would use to indirectly refine Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Xiao Shan was the person selected by the supreme elder of Xiao clan.


 On his body was not only the Immortal Gu of Xiao clan’s supreme elder, there was also immortal essence and large amounts of the supreme elder’s battle will.


 It was just that Xiao Shan was only a mortal, only able to see the vague image of an Immortal Gu, and had no awareness of the truth.


 Naturally, besides Xiao Shan, Xiao Mang was similarly a pawn of Xiao clan’s supreme elder.


 If it were not arranged by Xiao clan’s supreme elder, how could Xiao Mang coincidentally run into Xiao Shan when he stepped foot in the forbidden area?


 These two rank five Gu Masters, standing at the peak of the world of Gu Masters, were both in the dark, both being played in the hands of Xiao clan’s supreme elder.



***
Chapter 964 - Gua Lao Borrows Money


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Xiao Shan forced Xiao clan’s reinforcements into retreat, and after naming this mountain Yi Tian Mountain, he began to invite demonic path members from all over, building up his forces.


 Before he was expelled from the clan, he was known for his grand morals, his social network was extremely large and he had been popular in both the righteous and demonic path.


 Xiao Shan’s nature was straightforward, he clearly separated kindness and hatred, and emphasized close connections and loyalty.


 On the other side, Xiao clan was weakening, suppressed and pressured by Wu clan and other forces from all sides. Sometimes, even demonic path Gu Masters could not be offended, especially those lone warriors with rank four and rank five cultivation.


 These demonic path experts were different from the righteous path experts.


 Demonic path experts were loners, acting without scruples, but righteous path experts were bound by morals, family, reputation and so on.


 Xiao clan had established a caravan years ago to strengthen themselves. These wandering demonic path experts were treated with even more caution compared to other clans.


 Over these last years, Xiao Shan let these demonic path Gu Masters go, or roped them in if he could, but if it came down to killing, he would do it with all his strength and as fast as possible. Occasionally, he even aided some lone cultivators or demonic cultivators financially. Thus, although he was a righteous path clan leader, he had obtained the approval of many Gu Masters of the demonic path.


 All these gave Xiao Shan a strong rallying force.


 When the news of him creating a fortified village was spread, there were many immediate responses.


 A few days later, several demonic path experts traveled from far away to join Xiao Shan.


 Moreover, the Gu Immortal of Southern Border intensified the situation in secret, so as to easily put their own pawns in the battlefield.


 Thus, more and more demonic path Gu Masters and lone cultivators started joining Yi Tian Village.


 In just six to seven days, Yi Tian Village already had over thirty members. Such a speed made even Xiao Shan shocked and surprised.


 As the number of people grew, they formed an organization.


 Any organization needed to have distinctions in status.


 In the world of Gu Masters, the strong were always revered.


 Among all these people, Xiao Shan not only had the highest strength, he also had the highest reputation, he was chosen by everyone as Yi Tian Village’s leader, stably placed at the highest ranking.


 His two sworn brothers, Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing, respectively were placed at the second and third ranks. After all, they were rank five experts, having the highest strength among others.


 As for the other people, the vast majority were rank two and rank three, with few at rank four. Their statuses were arranged simply according to their cultivation and strength.


 In a mountain cave, Fang Yuan was drinking wine with a Gu Immortal.


 This demonic path rank six Gu Immortal was short but had a large head, he was an old man and his name was Gua Lao.


 “Here, brother Sheng Ying, give it a sip, how is the taste of my melon wine?” Gua Lao enthusiastically urged Fang Yuan to drink.


 Fang Yuan knew Gua Lao’s intention in coming, without saying anything, he drank a mouthful and nodded, critiquing: “Not bad, not bad.”


 Although he said ‘not bad’, but Fang Yuan’s expression was impassive and it was clear he had spoken only half-heartedly.


 Gua Lao was observing him, he chuckled and pointed outside: “I wonder what opinion brother Sheng Ying has towards this grand contest of Southern Border?”


 Fang Yuan calmly replied: “Given that it concerns who Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage will belong to, no one will yield a step. Since everyone is participating in this contest and has joined the agreement, putting forth their wagers, there should not be anyone who will cause trouble.”


 In the past, it was always the righteous path who suppressed the demonic path.


 Whether it be in the mortal Gu Master world or the Gu Immortal world.


 But right now was an exception.


 The appearance of the Immortal Gu House completely shook the world of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals. To seize the Immortal Gu House, demonic and lone immortals emerged, forming a huge force that gave the righteous path no choice but to compromise and set up this large gambling contest.


 The content of the wager was to select mortals as pawns who would participate in the battle between the righteous and demonic paths in Yi Tian Mountain, helping the Gu Immortal behind them to refine the Immortal Gu House.


 But to participate in this huge contest, there were some conditions.


 Any Gu Immortal that wanted to participate in this gambling contest had to make a wager. Those who made larger wagers could arrange pawns with higher cultivation and enter the battle earlier.


 Finally, when the gambling contest ends, all the wagers would be redistributed.


 Each Gu Immortal would be ranked according to the amount of battle will they refined. Whoever had higher quantities of battle will in the Immortal Gu House would accordingly have higher returns.


 Naturally, one that refined over fifty percent of the battle will would be the winner who could activate the Immortal Gu House, obtaining the highest returns from their bet.


 But other Gu Immortals would also be able to get some profits, they might even be able to get great returns from small bets, earning a huge fortune.


 This condition could be considered to be superb!


 It was because of this that all the Gu Immortals participating in the gambling contest, be it righteous path, demonic path or lone cultivators, whether they had enmity or resentment, they all subconsciously worked together to maintain this unrivaled gambling contest.


 Anyone who attempted to play dirty tricks or acted shamelessly would have their wagers completely confiscated.


 Gu Immortals who arrived later could also join in, but they had to take part in the gambling.


 And as the gambling contest progressed, if Gu Immortals wanted to raise their bets, they could do so.


 And this demonic immortal Gua Lao in front of Fang Yuan was a person who wanted to raise his bet.


 But he lacked the capital to do so.


 Over these last days, he went around borrowing money, so everyone knew of it. This time, he intentionally came to find Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was giving him the cold shoulder, Gua Lao had no choice but to take the initiative to mention the gambling contest.


 Fang Yuan had only given a casual analysis, but Gua Lao squinted and gave a thumbs-up, exaggeratedly smiling: “Brother Sheng Ying, you are right, you have hit the nail on the head. The rules of this contest cannot be broken by anyone. If anyone breaks them, it will be akin to making Gu Immortals of the whole of Southern Border their enemies! So they need to earn capital and participate honestly in the contest.”


 “Just look at it, the contest has just started, but Xiao clan’s supreme elder is already at the lead. Xiao Shan is his pawn and from the previous battle of Xiao Shan and Xiao Mang, Xiao clan’s supreme elder has become the first to refine the battle will in the Immortal Gu House. As long as Xiao Shan doesn’t die, his lead will continue increasing.”


 Fang Yuan glanced at Gua Lao: “Xiao Shan is a rank five Gu Master and was the first to enter the mountain, Xiao clan’s supreme elder naturally will have a huge advantage. But, he has also paid a large price for this, although he is only a rank seven Gu Immortal, his wagers are the highest, to the extent that even rank eight Gu Immortals cannot match it.”


 Gua Lao nodded repeatedly, and grinned, revealing his yellow teeth: “Yes, the earlier we can place our pawns in Yi Tian Mountain, the more beneficial it would be. Of course, the cultivation of these pawns need to be ensured, they should at least be rank four, otherwise they will likely die there and we will just suffer losses. Brother Sheng Ying, I won’t conceal it from you, I really hate not being able to put myself as a wager! I am a bit short on funds right now, brother Sheng Ying, could you lend me some immortal materials? Wait till this is over, and I will return double the amount!”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Sure.”


 Gua Lao was joyous, and was just about to say his thanks, when Fang Yuan said: “But we need to set a vow.”


 “This is natural, and it is a must as well.” Gua Lao nodded quickly.


 Fang Yuan continued: “Also, take out an Immortal Gu as collateral.”


 Gua Lao’s joyful expression immediately stiffened: “Brother Sheng Ying, is this a joke? If I had an Immortal Gu, why would I go for this Immortal Gu House?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression also changed, with a face filled with coldness, he glared violently and spoke: “Gua Lao, you don’t even have one Immortal Gu, but are actually scheming for this Immortal Gu House? Don’t you think you are indulging in a wild fantasy? Aren’t you too greedy?!”


 “Sheng Ying, you...” Gua Lao was just about to flare up, but suddenly he sensed an aura of Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan’s body, no longer concealed.


 “He actually has Immortal Gu!” Gua Lao’s heart immediately sank.


 Many rank six Gu Immortals did not have even one Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan did.


 This surpassed Gua Lao’s expectations. As far as he was concerned, any Gu Immortal with Immortal Gu would have some reputation.


 But Sheng Ying clearly did not.


 He had taken Fang Yuan to be a weak lone immortal, cultivating bitterly in some unvisited area of the world.


 But Fang Yuan had Immortal Gu, this caused fear to emerge in Gua Lao’s heart.


 With an Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortal’s battle strength would often rise by a large extent. Sheng Ying, with Immortal Gu, was not someone Gua Lao could handle.


 Thus, he did not vent his anger and finally forced a smile as he cupped his fists towards Fang Yuan: “I was too abrupt and rude, brother Sheng Ying, please don’t mind it!”


 Fang Yuan gave a cold snort: “You can leave.”


 “I am leaving, leaving now, farewell!” Gua Lao smiled as he retreated a few steps, before turning around and leaving, not daring to linger.


 When he walked out of the cave, the smile on his face disappeared, replaced by shame and anger.


 His gaze was cold, as he roared in his mind: “Hmph! Having Immortal Gu is indeed amazing! I shall remember this humiliation. Wait for the day I have an Immortal Gu, I will return this humiliation back to you!!”


 Inside the cave, Fang Yuan was thinking.


 Gua Lao’s matter made him aware of the gambling mentality of many bottom tier Gu Immortals.


 Most of these people did not have Immortal Gu, so they had an extreme thirst for the Immortal Gu House. They all knew that success could not be built on small efforts, but when it concerned themselves, who did not want to soar to the sky with a step and get rich overnight?


 The gambling contest in front of them gave these Gu Immortals an extremely favorable environment to compete in.


 If it were a normal situation, for instance, finding wild Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortals would engage in fighting each other. These bottom tier Gu Immortals with no Immortal Gu had low battle strength, how could they compete with other Gu Immortals?


 But what this gambling contest examined were other aspects, not the Gu Immortal’s own battle strength.


 This gave hopes of success to the bottom tier Gu Immortals.


 Examples like Gua Lao were not few in number.


 Fang Yuan then thought of Xiao clan’s supreme elder.


 According to the news, this rank seven Gu Immortal was facing a huge problem. He had barely gotten past extreme danger in his previous tribulation, and his strength had yet to recover. The next tribulation, which would be even more powerful, was already approaching.


 Xiao clan only had one Gu Immortal remaining, that was him. Without another Gu Immortal’s support, he would not be able to face this tribulation by himself, and his death was almost certain.


 However, this gamble gave him hope of surviving.


 If he obtained the Immortal Gu House, he would have huge assurance in getting through this tribulation.


 Thus, he brought out all he had and went all in on this gamble, placing the highest wagers. These wagers gave him the qualifications to select two pawns.


 Moreover, both the pawns had rank five cultivation. Among them, Xiao Shan was the first to enter the area of the contest, the other, Xiao Mang, would enter the stage after some more time.


 Xiao Shan belonged to the demonic path and Xiao Mang belonged to the righteous path, no matter what the result between the righteous and demonic paths was, or how the process went, Xiao clan’s supreme elder was well-prepared with having these two arranged. The two rank five pawns had a low likelihood of death, as time passed, the advantage of Xiao clan’s supreme elder would continue growing larger.


 “This time, I intentionally leaked out an Immortal Gu’s aura so as to let other Gu Immortals feel sufficiently cautious and not take me as a weakling.”


 “I need to properly participate in this gambling contest. The information exposed from the gambling contest is extremely valuable, it is a most precious opportunity for me to get close to the world of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals and understand their structure!”


 “As for this gamble, maybe I can personally take action...” A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes.



***
Chapter 965 - Battle of Yi Tian Mountain (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A forbidden zone for immortals, that was the power of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 This zone now covered thousands of li around Yi Tian Mountain, any Gu Immortal who went in would face huge suppression, if they entered deeply, their lives would be in danger.


 Before the gambling contest was set up, the Southern Border Gu Immortals had probed it themselves.


 But even the rank eight Gu Immortals returned empty-handed.


 And because there was the outside pressure of having too many competitors, this shocking gambling contest was established.


 But Fang Yuan could keenly sense that this forbidden zone had a loophole.


 This loophole was Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu could be used in the forbidden zone, but their power was greatly reduced. Xiao clan’s supreme elder placed an Immortal Gu in Xiao Shan’s body, and left behind immortal essence secretly to protect his life to an extent.


 After all, Xiao Shan was a bloodline descendant of Xiao clan’s supreme elder.


 “Immortal Gu can be used in the forbidden zone, but Gu Immortals cannot enter, does this forbidden zone for immortals target only the bodies of Gu Immortals?”


 Fang Yuan thought of this conjecture.


 Then, what was the difference between Immortal Gu and Gu Immortals?


 Evidently, dao marks were not the answer. Immortal Gu were vessels containing dao marks, while Gu Immortals also had dao marks in their bodies.


 Fang Yuan quickly thought of an answer — immortal apertures!


 Maybe immortal apertures were the most crucial difference.


 Immortal Gu would not have immortal apertures, but Gu Immortals definitely had them. If the forbidden zone targeted immortal apertures, then maybe Fang Yuan could make use of this loophole and attend the battle of Yi Tian Mountain in person!


 “I am different from others, I have two apertures. Spring Autumn Cicada is sealed in my first, mortal aperture. My second aperture is dead, most of my Gu worms are stored inside.”


 “If I can seal my immortal aperture and become a mortal rank five Gu Master again, will I be able to enter the forbidden zone for immortals?”


 The more Fang Yuan thought about it, the more hopeful he became.


 Even though he did not have the method to seal an immortal aperture, he had the help of wisdom Gu, and with his grandmaster attainment level in wisdom path, he could deduce it himself!


 “Furthermore, I have the method to transplant immortal apertures, and succeeded in moving Star Form blessed land. This is very helpful as reference for my deduction.”


 “Right, I also can look into Blazing Heaven Demoness’ fire path aperture taking method, maybe I can gain even more inspiration from it. No, I do not need to focus on her aperture taking method. She created this fire path method after benefiting from an inheritance of Old Immortal Kong Jue, maybe I can get Old Immortal Kong Jue’s research gains from her directly.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts were churning rapidly.


 Old Immortal Kong Jue, a publicly recognized refinement path supreme grandmaster, being on par with Old Eccentric Tian Nan and Long Hair Ancestor. He had the deepest research in immortal apertures and mortal apertures, in terms of depth, it was yet to be surpassed by another.


 If he could obtain a portion of his inheritance, Fang Yuan’s deduction of the immortal aperture sealing method would receive substantial and crucial help.


 Fang Yuan did not invest much into this gambling contest.


 According to the terms of the gambling contest, he could only choose a rank three upper stage Gu Master, and this Gu Master could only ascend Yi Tian Mountain after three months.


 He had a lot of immortal materials and had much capital to spare, he could bet heavily. But he had just arrived, if he acted rashly, other Gu Immortals might covet his wealth and place attention on him, it would be dangerous if any rank eight Gu Immortals targeted Fang Yuan.


 Thankfully, during the process of this gambling contest, the bet could be raised at any time.


 The rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was important for Fang Yuan’s plans. Other than that, he was also enticed by Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 This was an Immortal Gu House after all!


 Furthermore, this Immortal Gu House involved secrets of food path. After so many years, not a single Gu worm had died of hunger.


 If he could obtain these secrets of food path, perhaps Fang Yuan would be able to settle his problem of feeding Immortal Gu more easily.


 Fang Yuan stealthily left the surroundings of Yi Tian Mountain, using Fixed Immortal Travel to return to Hu Immortal blessed land secretly.


 In the following period of time, he kept his attention on the battle of Yi Tian Mountain while deducing the immortal aperture sealing method enthusiastically.


 The deduction of the method was very rapid, as expected and worthy of a rank nine Immortal Gu, even though Fang Yuan was only using the light of wisdom, its help towards him was immense.


 Over a month later.


 News of the righteous and demonic battle of Yi Tian Mountain had spread far and wide. The attentions of almost all experts and large forces had been drawn on this battle in Southern Border.


 The first wave of attack since Xiao Shan created Yi Tian Village arrived. This was an expert sent by Wu clan, the super force closest to Yi Tian Mountain.


 Wu Shen Tong.


 Wu clan elder, rank four peak stage, enslavement path Gu Master.


 Enslavement path Gu Masters excelled in fighting large numbers of enemies, but were more vulnerable if personally targeted and fought. Thus, Wu Shen Tong had three rank four Gu Masters around him in protection.


 Two of these three rank four Gu Masters were clan leaders of villages that had submitted to Wu clan. The third was a Wu clan elder assigned to protect Wu Shen Tong.


 The beast group attacked Yi Tian Mountain like a tide.


 The demonic path’s side had just created Yi Tian Village when it got engulfed by a beast group.


 Many demonic path Gu Masters died, but relying on Xiao Shan, Sun Pang Hu, and Zhou Xing Xing, these three rank five Gu Masters, Wu Shen Tong retreated with heavy injuries, and two rank four righteous path Gu Masters lost their lives.


 Even though Wu Shen Tong’s attack was repelled, the newly created Yi Tian Village suffered a huge blow because of this.


 Wu Shen Tong remaining alive caused Xiao Shan and the others to feel unrest.


 Just when the three of them were about to take a risk and go down the mountain in their injured states to kill Wu Shen Tong, a demonic path Gu Master ascended the mountain.


 Furthermore, he brought Wu Shen Tong’s head with him.


 This person was called Lu Zuan Feng, he was a rank five Gu Master, called the Divine Thief in Southern Border. He had a demonic path Gu Immortal backing him, he had once sneaked into Tie clan’s Demon Suppression Tower.


 Lu Zuan Feng relied on his infiltration methods to kill Wu Shen Tong and settled Yi Tian Village’s crisis. The first wave of attack by the righteous path thus ended.


 Wu clan was unresigned, they quickly sent the second elder to battle. In fact, he was joined by two of Shang clan’s new elders: Yan Tu and Ju Kai Bei.


 During the second battle, both sides had wins and losses, they were in a deadlock.


 This time, Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang ascended the mountain, joining Yi Tian Village.


 These two Gu Masters were not simple, they were famous flying masters in the world of Southern Border’s Gu Masters!


 Yi Tian Village thus had the upper hand, and the righteous path members were forced back.


 To resist Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang, the righteous path invited a female Gu Master, Hong Fei Yu, she was also a flying master, but belonged to the righteous path.


 But Hong Fei Yu alone could not resist the combination of two flying masters of the demonic path.


 Hong Fei Yu was at the moment between life and death, when Shang clan’s reinforcements rushed and arrived, it was the White Light Swordsman Wei Yang.


 Wei Yang had been nurtured by Shang Yan Fei and had his aptitude raised, his cultivation level was at rank four initial stage. Not only did he save Hong Fei Yu, he even gained much fame.


 After Hong Fei Yu was heavily injured and retreated, he fought against both Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang, eventually managing to stall for enough time until more reinforcements from the righteous path came, as Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang were forced to retreat.


 After this battle, Wei Yang was acknowledged by both the righteous and demonic paths, joining the ranks of the flying masters. Southern Border’s three famous flying masters became four famous flying masters, with Wei Yang at the top.


 With Wei Yang’s addition, the righteous and demonic battle entered another deadlock once again.


 However, as the Second Zombie King entered Yi Tian Mountain, enslavement path showed its might again, the righteous path lacked Wu Shen Tong and had no choice but to fall back.


 The second righteous and demonic battle came to an end.


 “It seems that because of me, Yi Tian Mountain’s battle has undergone some changes.” Fang Yuan watched as he compared it to his previous life.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, during this period, Yi Tian Mountain should have held the upper hand firmly.


 This was because Wang Xiao joined Yi Tian Mountain and killed many righteous path experts, he was extremely powerful and had once attempted to force Xiao Shan to give up his role in leading the demonic path.


 But on San Cha mountain, Wang Xiao was killed by Fang Yuan, this caused Wang Xiao to not join Yi Tian Mountain this time, and thus they were almost at a disadvantage against the righteous path.


 Thankfully for them, Second Zombie King arrived early and saved the demonic path’s position from worsening.


 Second Zombie King came from the Southern Border Zombie Alliance branch, he was likely the pawn of a certain Southern Border immortal zombie. He was a rank five peak stage Gu Master, he had once left behind his inheritance on Mu Bei Mountain, causing the rise of an enslavement path Gu Master, Ding Hao.


 But Ding Hao had been killed by Fang Yuan in this life.


 “In my previous life, Ding Hao sacrificed himself to save the life of his master, Second Zombie King. If Second Zombie King encounters a mishap this time, who would save him?” Fang Yuan was curious.


 Conflict in the Yi Tian Mountain battle continued raging, but Fang Yuan was met with difficulty in deducing the immortal aperture sealing method.


 He was stuck at a certain point, he had to make use of the foundation of others to rapidly get past it.


 Otherwise, with just his own deductions, he would need seventeen to eighteen years.


 Fang Yuan sought help from Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had part of an inheritance of Old Immortal Kong Jue, it was enough for Fang Yuan to get through this.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness made use of the chance, asking to borrow Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move, vaguely familiar face.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, Hei Lou Lan, and Fairy Li Shan all wanted to get a share of the action. But the Southern Border Gu Immortals were working together in this gambling contest, they could not interfere.


 They were Northern Plains Gu Immortals, once they showed up, the Southern Border Gu Immortals would jointly assault them.


 Right now, in the five regions, Southern Border was the least welcoming to outsiders. Eastern Sea was the most open, followed by Central Continent.


 Thus, if Hei Lou Lan and the others wanted to interfere, they would need Fang Yuan’s vaguely familiar face.


 Fang Yuan was unwilling to lend it, of course.


 Lending the immortal killer move was different from lending Immortal Gu.


 Once the immortal killer move was lent out, the secrets in it would be learned by other Gu Immortals, they would know its weaknesses and could easily develop ways to counter this immortal killer move.


 But Fang Yuan did not have other options and could only agree to it.


 He lent vaguely familiar face, but he obtained Blazing Heaven Demoness’ partial inheritance of Old Immortal Kong Jue.


 Even though he paid a huge price, he got his reward rapidly.


 Getting past the point he was stuck, his speed in deducing the method rose again, it was smooth sailing.



***
Chapter 966 - Battle of Yi Tian Mountain (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent.


 Boom—!


 Suddenly, an intense explosion broke the tranquility of the mountain valley.


 The aftermath of the explosion created a huge inferno that rapidly spread in all directions.


 In just a breath of time, the lush trees in the surroundings were destroyed, and the area became a barren desert.


 The eight rank eight Gu Immortals that came from Heavenly Court gradually revealed their figures.


 They had formed a circle, each of them heavily injured, their gazes looking heavily at the proud and aloof figure in the center.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing was standing upright and proud like a spear.


 He slowly moved his eyes, a sword light suddenly flickered from them.


 The eight Gu Immortals were terrified, three even subconsciously retreated a step. In the intense battle earlier, they had suffered a lot under these sword lights coming from his eyes.


 However, the sword light in Bo Qing’s eyes died out in an instant.


 Afterwards, the lively light in his eyes completely dissipated. His whole body became motionless like a stone statue.


 “Success!”


 “We finally killed the remnant soul within Bo Qing...”


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals let out breaths of relief, they had obtained victory in this battle.


 Bo Qing was known as a pseudo-Immortal Venerable, but he had only left behind his corpse, and the remnant soul in it was Mo Yao’s.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals targeted this weak point, using their battle tactics to completely annihilate Mo Yao’s remnant soul. Without the control of the remnant soul, Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body moved no longer.


 “It has been so long since I had such a thrilling battle!” A Gu Immortal sighed, deeply moved.


 “Fortunately, this immortal zombie Bo Qing had such a huge weakness, otherwise someone among us would definitely be annihilated.”


 “It is a pity we couldn’t take it alive....”


 “After taking this immortal zombie body to Heavenly Court and storing it properly, I will continue my sleep.”


 Previously, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng used an Immortal Gu House, Illusion Garden, to trap immortal zombie Bo Qing and Yu Mu Chun.


 Bo Qing battled the three immortals with incredible sword path might. Heavenly Court’s three immortals were no match for him and could only request for reinforcements. Five Gu Immortals from Heavenly Court had no choice but to come out of their rest and enter the mortal world as reinforcements.


 The eight Gu Immortals formed an ancient battle formation, and after over a month, they finally killed Yu Mu Chun and extinguished Mo Yao’s remnant soul.


 The battle ended, the five Heavenly Court Gu Immortals that were awoken immediately returned to their headquarters and continued to rest.


 They had almost no lifespan remaining, they had to treasure every second they had.


 Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng also wanted to leave, but their situation was better than the five immortals. They still had time to care for their descendants and sects.


 But, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord gave the task of cleaning up the battlefield to Bi Chen Tian, and persuaded Lian Jiu Sheng to go to the riverbed of Falling Heavenly River and search again.


 He now was flying towards Heavenly Court.


 “Although we have won this battle, my unease has instead increased, and I am feeling very restless, as if an apocalypse is approaching.” Standing in front of Heaven Overseeing Tower, this old rank eight Gu Immortal frowned.


 He stepped inside the tower and continued the previous deductions.


 “What’s going on?” Soon, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s forehead was dripping with sweat.


 His gaze was extremely puzzled.


 There was an enormous pressure which made it difficult for him to move forward.


 In the past, he only needed to spend a bead of rank eight immortal essence for each step. But this time, he did not know why, but the consumption of immortal essence had doubled!


 “Ever since I have been in control of Heaven Overseeing Tower, there has never been such a situation! What’s happening?”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s intuition was urgently telling him: Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s matter was only a prelude, and behind the scenes, there was an even stronger mastermind!


 “I understand, it seems someone is secretly hindering me from deducing... haha, if that is the case, then I want to succeed even more, I will walk to the top of the tower. I want to see who it is that has escaped the judgment of fate!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord continued to climb, his expression was firm with no more puzzlement.


 But after he climbed a hundred steps, the wall turned dark.


 It was like the darkest, blackest ink had spilled over the whole wall.


 There were no more images.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s heart sank: “Who is it? Who is interfering with my deduction! They could actually interfere with a rank nine Immortal Gu House, Heaven Overseeing Tower, to this degree!!”


 Time continued to pass.


 A month later, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord finally stepped onto the top floor of the tower.


 He was extremely exhausted, most of the immortal essence accumulated in his lifetime had been consumed.


 He looked at the wall with anticipation.


 After the first pitch black wall, he no longer saw other images.


 However, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord knew fate Immortal Gu’s might extended over the whole world and could not be blocked, the wall at the end would definitely reveal the true perpetrator behind the scenes.


 When he stepped on the top floor, he widened his eyes, gazing impatiently!


 At the next moment, his pupils shrunk down to pin-size.


 His aged body shook intensely.


 The final wall was still pitch black.


 Darkness, incomparably deep darkness.


 But unlike before, in this darkness, a pair of eyes were shining.


 This was a pair of human eyes!


 But it was filled with bone-chilling coldness and terrifying killing intent.


 They gazed at Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord like a beast hiding in the darkness, waiting patiently for an opportunity, upon which it would charge of the darkness, causing terror over the world.


 “You, you are...” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was soaked with cold sweat, he trembled and even his teeth chattered.


 After a long while, he barely managed to calm down.


 But fear and panic still remained on his face.


 “Crisis! A huge crisis! If this is left unchecked, even Heavenly Court will be destroyed. Immortal zombie Bo Qing was no more than a distraction for us. I must awaken many more of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, this is a battle that decides our survival!!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord did not hesitate, he ran out of the Heaven Overseeing Tower, directly to Floating Maple Cliff.


 On Floating Maple Cliff, there was a giant Gu formation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord decisively activated the Gu formation; a sound of a bell, vast and unparalleled, immediately resounded throughout the sky.


 Heavenly Court shook!


 At the same time, in Southern Border.


 “Finally, the deduction has succeeded.” Fang Yuan had already taken another appearance and stepped onto Yi Tian Mountain, his immortal aperture sealed.


 After obtaining a portion of Old Immortal Kong Jue’s inheritance from Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fang Yuan did not encounter any obstacles in his deduction. Using the method of sealing the immortal aperture, Fang Yuan sealed his own immortal aperture and turned into a rank three Gu Master, officially stepping into this huge stage.


 At this time, the situation on Yi Tian Mountain had already undergone a huge change.


 Large numbers of Gu Masters had entered both the righteous and demonic sides.


 The righteous path had initiated the third and fourth waves of offense, both sides suffered heavy losses.


 On the demonic path’s side, Second Zombie King had summoned many of his disciples, their zombie army giving a huge headache to the righteous path.


 On the righteous path’s side, Wei Yang and Hong Fei Yu had allied, getting an advantage over Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang in the aerial battles.


 However, Divine Doctor Sheng Shou was supporting the righteous path.


 This person was one of the four great doctors of Southern Border, extremely proficient in healing and treating wounds and illnesses. With him there, righteous path Gu Masters had fewer losses, and most injuries were quickly healed, so they did not fear fighting fiercely.


 Xiao Shan knew if this were to continue, the righteous path would continue becoming stronger, thus he decided to make use of a diversion while taking the initiative to attack, beginning the fifth wave of battle between righteous and demonic.


 On the surface, he, Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing attacked, while Lu Zuan Feng was commanded to sneak towards the rear of the righteous path and try to kill Divine Doctor Sheng Shou.


 But the result was, Divine Doctor Sheng Shou was not killed, instead, Shang Fu Xi of the righteous path had planned for their scheme, laying an ambush and killing Second Zombie King.


 With Second Zombie King dead, the demonic path’s disadvantage was quickly enlarging.


 Around this time, Killer Ghost Doctor Chou Jiu stepped onto Yi Tian Mountain, suppressing Divine Doctor Sheng Shou, salvaging the situation.


 Chou Jiu saved many demonic Gu Masters’ lives, and soon took the third highest rank. Lu Zuan Feng was ranked at second while Xiao Shan still was at first.


 As for Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing, they had already been squeezed out to the fourth and fifth.


 Because of Chou Jiu, the demonic path could recuperate and build up strength day by day, and because one of the rising stars of the demonic path, Mo Wu Tian, had joined and challenged many to one-on-one battles, the righteous path had lost many strong warriors.


 Shang clan sent Doctor Su Shou, who together with Divine Doctor Sheng Shou, managed to close the gap created by Chou Jiu.


 A phantom path inheritor, Yan clan’s young clan leader, Yan Jun, entered the spotlight, he sneaked into Yi Tian Mountain and killed Chou Jiu before swaggering off.


 The righteous path’s morale was boosted, making another attack, beginning the sixth wave of battle between righteous and demonic.


 However, they fell into the demonic path’s trap.


 Chou Jiu had remnant life Gu, as long as his body was mostly intact, he could resurrect. After Yan Jun killed him, he had secretly resurrected while pretending to be dead, causing the righteous path to take the bait.


 In the sixth battle, Mo Wu Tian showed his demonic might, killing three rank four Gu Masters in the chaotic battle, his fierce might surged and even Yan Jun was defeated by him and suffered heavy injuries.


 The righteous path retreated in defeat, but the demonic path had also incurred huge losses, both sides temporarily rested, trying to recover their strength.


 During such a situation, Fang Yuan stepped onto Yi Tian Mountain, joining Yi Tian Village.


 He had disguised himself as a rank three Gu Master, and after joining, his status in Yi Tian Village was outside the top one hundred. The higher ups arranged him a position of guarding an archery tower.


 Fang Yuan was extremely low profile, working without making any disturbances.


 He patiently waited for the first three days, and after seeing no Gu Immortals had appeared to stop him, began to stealthily refine the battle will in the Immortal Gu House.


 The number of demonic path Gu Masters who had joined Yi Tian Village had already reached six hundred.


 Among these people, some were pawns of Gu Immortals, while some were not. Fang Yuan was hidden among them and was not in the least bit conspicuous.


 He was secretly earning a fortune, rapidly refining the battle will in the Immortal Gu House with his wisdom path grandmaster attainment.


 Other Gu Immortals could only make their pawns fight and indirectly refine the battle will from this. But Fang Yuan did not need to fight, he could continue to unceasingly refine the battle will. After all, a Gu Immortal was personally making a move, it naturally would be extraordinary.


 Day after day passed, the righteous and demonic sides were like two giant beasts, after taking a few breaths, their energy was restored and they began to battle again.


 It was the seventh wave of battle, and this was a draw again.


 The demonic path made a crafty scheme, cutting off the righteous path’s supply lines. But on the righteous path’s side, Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei personally arrived with his forces, and used gourmet food box Gu, providing a feast for the army, foiling the demonic path’s scheme.


 Next, the clan leaders of Southern Border’s super forces like Yi clan, Luo clan, Yao clan and Xia clan also showed themselves, joining the battlefield.


 The battles were getting increasingly heated, affecting the minds of countless Gu Masters and forces.


 But from Fang Yuan’s viewpoint, it was simply another ordinary scene.


 Righteous and demonic battled, it looked to be extremely brilliant, but in fact the true manipulators were Southern Border’s Gu Immortals.


 During these last days, the Gu Immortals had also clashed. Although they did not officially fight, they secretly schemed and strategized, each trying to cheat or outwit one other, making everyone on guard.


 Fang Yuan was able to obtain huge amounts of information from this and his understanding of the world of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals increased at a rapid speed.


 He had refined large amounts of battle will, but Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage seemed like a bottomless pit.


 Time continued to pass, a month had gone by.


 On this day, Old Man Yan Shi secretly came to the surroundings of Yi Tian Mountain with over ten Gu Immortals.


 He took a deep breath, and said in a slightly shaky tone: “Heavenly Court has already detected this and is preparing for an expedition to Southern Border. Time does not wait for anyone, we can only begin early!”


 Whoosh.


 The Gu Immortals behind him turned into shadows as they flew in all directions.



***
Chapter 967 - Trapping Immortals, Tribulations Fall Like Rain


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Eh, what’s going on?” At this moment, the Gu Immortals of Southern Border, who were situated ten thousand li away from Yi Tian Mountain, looked at the sky one after another.


 Even the mortal Gu Masters on Yi Tian Mountain also felt an indescribable chill.


 Rumble...


 A vague rumbling sound could be heard coming from the sky.


 Several breaths later, the rumbling got louder and louder, as if hundreds of people were beating war-drums far away.


 Ever since Fang Yuan stepped on Yi Tian Mountain, he had been making use of every second in refining the battle will, but the commotion in the sky right now was getting louder and louder, he had no choice but to temporarily stop his work and look above.


 From high up in the air, he saw the sky suddenly brightening with a series of white light specks.


 These light specks were extremely vast in scale and densely packed together. They started to fall rapidly and powerfully down towards Yi Tian Mountain.


 “This is the thousand pearl-light tribulation.” A Gu Immortal exclaimed in shock.


 “Wrong, the thousand pearl-light tribulation only has a thousand light pearls, but this tribulation has at least a hundred thousand light pearls!”


 “How could there be a tribulation?” Many Gu Immortals were baffled.


 “Could someone be undergoing a tribulation?” Most of the Gu Immortals immediately looked towards Yi Tian Mountain.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, and he became extremely vigilant.


 Soon, he was dripping in cold sweat as he felt waves of immaterial investigative senses scanning his whole body.


 Although he had vaguely familiar face, the core Immortal Gu of this immortal killer move was only at rank six. It could deceive rank six Gu Immortals, but facing the inspection of rank seven and rank eight, there was a huge chance of being exposed.


 Fang Yuan was filled with anxiety before he finally let out a sigh of relief.


 He was not discovered.


 “There was no discovery?” The Gu Immortals were surprised.


 They searched Yi Tian Mountain and its nearby surroundings, but did not discover any rank five Gu Master that was facing a tribulation.


 Just when they were about to continue searching with even more powerful investigative methods, the thousand pearl-light tribulation was already just above the immortals.


 “Just in case, we can’t let this tribulation affect Yi Tian Mountain!”


 “Right, let’s block this tribulation.”


 Some Gu Immortals started guessing, perhaps this tribulation was caused by Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage?


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals soon came to an agreement.


 According to the gambling agreement, if a menace appeared, the Gu Immortals participating in the gambling contest would band together to obstruct it and protect their interests.


 Although the thousand pearl-light tribulation was high in quantity, the Gu Immortals that occupied this place had power in numbers, they included four rank eight, nine rank seven and over ten rank six Gu Immortals.


 The immortals made their moves, and soon the thousand pearl-light tribulation was destroyed, with not even one light pearl touching the ground.


 It was to the extent that even some Gu Immortals used their methods to draw in layers of clouds, blocking the sky of Yi Tian Mountain, and preventing the mortal Gu Masters from sensing this anomaly.


 “Hehehe.” A lone cultivator rank eight Gu Immortal, Peng Shi Long, stroked his beard, laughing, “No matter who it is that is ascending to immortal at this moment, they are quite creative.”


 “We need to find this person! The people here are all elite Gu Immortals of Southern Border, we can’t even find a mortal who is facing tribulation?” The rank seven Gu Immortal Ye Qing Tang smiled coldly, being taken as a meat shield by someone else and used as a tool to face the tribulation made this proud Gu Immortal extremely displeased.


 “Whose descendant is this mortal? Speak up, avoid losing your face when we find them.” Gu Immortal Wang Kai chuckled.


 The immortals looked at each other, but no one stood out.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Ren Hai Yang’s expression turned dark as he shouted: “You don’t know what is good for you! You still want to hide, do you take us as fools?”


 “Look, another tribulation is falling.” Suddenly, a Gu Immortal gave a reminder.


 The sky was dark, like a giant had coated it with a dense black dye.


 At once, the temperature fell and cold air emanated.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Endless ice and snow circled around like sharp blades before pouring down like a storm.


 Ye Qing Tang’s expression turned heavy, calling out: “Dark flying frost.”


 “Who is facing the tribulation, they could actually attract one of the ten great catastrophes!”


 “No that’s wrong, the scale of this tribulation is even greater than the ten great catastrophes.”


 “Its here!”


 “Hold it back!”


 Rumble, lightning flashed and inferno roared as the dark flying frost was destroyed.


 Dark flying frost was indeed one of the ten great catastrophes.


 After this tribulation, many Gu Immortals suffered injuries. Gu Immortal Gua Lao was heavily injured, and he could not help but think of retreating.


 “Strange! Could this be because Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage is about to appear? So the heavens sent down the tribulations? No, this won’t do, I don’t have any Immortal Gu, I can’t stay here, foolishly facing the tribulation, I need to leave this dangerous place before thinking of anything else!”


 The moment he thought of this, Gua Lao turned into a ray of light, as he flew away.


 “This guy ran quite quickly!” Ye Qing Tang sneered, proudly floating in the air with his hands behind his back. Dark flying frost was strong, but he could still deal with it.


 However, many rank six Gu Immortals started imitating Gua Lao.


 Most of these people were bottom tier Gu Immortals, with no Immortal Gu, and injuries all over their bodies.


 However, at the next moment, Gua Lao’s figure suddenly appeared in the center of the Gu Immortals.


 He was stunned, how could he appear here?


 Shortly afterwards, many more rank six Gu Immortals were also sent back, appearing beside Gua Lao.


 “Ambush! Someone has set a huge space path Gu formation in the surroundings!” Soon, a Gu Immortal reacted and shouted in shock.


 Rank eight auras burst out, Peng Shi Long’s eyes let out a ferocious light as they gazed all around: “Who is it, come out!”


 “Hehehe....” With a sinister laugh, Old Man Yan Shi appeared with over ten black robed Gu Immortals, encircling the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Old Man Yan Shi was at the back, his hand pointing towards the sky: “Everyone, a word of advice, the third tribulation is already here.”


 Everyone looked up, the sky was packed with lion groups.


 Desolate beast, qi grand lion!


 These lions had qi path dao marks and could innately fly.


 There were over six thousand qi grand lions, the rank six Gu Immortals turned deathly pale.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Jia Yi shouted in fury: “Such little things! Get lost!!”


 He waved his sleeve, and a wild wind started blowing.


 Giant wind sickles, numbering in tens of thousands, shot in every direction.


 The lion group howled in pain, severely injured by the wind sickles, many even died on the spot. The corpses were cut in thousands of pieces, blood started to rain down majestically from the sky, mixed in it were countless bone fragments and crushed flesh.


 “Berserk Wind Jia Yi, you are truly mighty!” Old Man Yan Shi lightly smiled, freely giving praise.


 Jia Yi, however, frowned. He had sent most of the wind sickles towards Old Man Yan Shi, but the wind sickles were blocked by a Gu formation and were completely destroyed, while the Gu formation only rippled and had suffered no damage, its defensive prowess was beyond imagination.


 “Who are these people, what are they aiming for?”


 “Scheming against us, they really are audacious, they are seeking death.”


 “You dare to oppose Gu Immortals of the whole of Southern Border!”


 The Gu Immortals shouted and cursed, while having doubts in their mind.


 Time did not permit for them to wait for the response of Shadow Sect, a tribulation was descending again!


 Roar——!


 A majestic dragon’s cry resounded throughout the surroundings.


 Cloud of fire spanned ten thousand li of distance, and started pressing downwards.


 “Four inferno clouds tribulation!” Someone shouted.


 “Careful, I have faced this four inferno clouds tribulation, it has four layers in total. Each layer above is much more ferocious than the one below.” A fire path Gu Immortal warned.


 “Block it!”


 “There is also the dragon roar tribulation, this is two tribulations at once!”


 “Protect surrounding Gu Immortals, maintain our strength!”


 The Gu Immortals shouted one after another, as they worked together to face these tribulations.


 “A typical four inferno clouds tribulation covers at most a hundred li, why is this so large?” At Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan also watched with shock.


 The clouds drawn in earlier could block the vision of mortal Gu Masters, but could not obstruct Fang Yuan’s gaze.


 He felt extremely uneasy.


 “I seem to have entered a huge trap. These black robed Gu Immortals are extremely similar to the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals that Hei Lou Lan had described. They actually dared to scheme against so many Southern Border Gu Immortals, what are they trying to do?! It seems these tribulations are not because someone is undergoing tribulation, but their own handiwork.”


 With Old Man Yan Shi at the lead, Shadow Sect’s immortals had constructed a giant Gu formation that completely trapped the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals wanted to escape and tried to break the Gu formation, but their efforts showed no results, thus they could only face the bombardment of the tribulations.


 As time passed, the strength of the tribulations became more terrifying, soon even rank seven Gu Immortals felt difficulty.


 After another three waves, rank eight Gu Immortals also struggled to cope, their expressions looked unsightly.


 It was not that they had not tried breaking the formation, but their attempts had failed.


 “Hold back this tribulation, let me do it!” Peng Shi Long decided, activating his trump card.


 Waves of light scattered with imposing momentum, but Shadow Sect’s Gu formation only shook three times before stabilizing again.


 “What Gu formation is this?!” The Southern Border Gu Immortals’ hearts sank to rock bottom, they were unable to hide their worries.


 The tribulations came in succession, and the time interval between each wave became shorter and shorter. Different kinds of tribulations poured down like an endless rainstorm.


 The Gu Immortals gradually defended more and attacked less, losing the initiative.


 “Persevere!” Jia Yi shouted, “We still have a chance! The tribulations are coming against us continuously, but it is also affecting the surrounding Gu formation.”


 The immortals felt a surge of morale.


 Despite the fact that some rank six Gu Immortals were already dead, the remaining immortals did not give up.


 They held on bitterly, retaining hope.


 Once the Gu formation was destroyed by the tribulation, they could escape with their lives.


 The situation of the battlefield was observed by Old Man Yan Shi, he saw all the changes clearly.


 “Wu Xie.” He softly called.


 Behind him, a young man stood up.


 He had wavy black hair that draped down to his shoulders. His eyes shined with countless lights of all kind of colors, forming a vortex that was slowly but constantly spiralling.


 He had a tall nose bridge, the contours of his lips were like knife carvings, and when they were closed, they gave off a cruel and demonic charm. However, right now, he was concentrating on the sky, his lips opened wide as a smile filled his face, revealing white teeth, unexpectedly appearing somewhat... silly.


 “Wu Xie.” Hearing no response behind him, Old Man Yan Shi called again.


 “Ah, you called for me, I was looking at the fireworks.” The young Gu Immortal responded with a smile.


 Old Man Yan Shi gave a bitter smile: “This is not a simple display of fireworks, these are tribulations, although they look beautiful, they contain fatal danger. These are all the work of heaven’s will, it is attempting to destroy us, it is our greatest enemy.”


 The young Gu Immortal immediately revealed an earnest and serious look: “Ah, so it is like that. Then tell heaven’s will to come out, I will take it down!”



***
Chapter 968 - Ten Extreme Immortal Zombie Lifeless Formation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Old Man Yan Shi sighed: “Heaven’s will is not a physical enemy, it is everywhere, vast and boundless. As long as the five regions and nine heavens exist, heaven’s will is eternal. Even if you destroy a portion of heaven’s will, at the same time, another portion of heaven’s will would be created.”


 The young Gu Immortal was stupefied: “Then, then what do we do?”


 “What we are doing is defying heaven, so heaven’s will is our greatest enemy. After a hundred thousand years of preparation, we are going to unleash an explosive strike. There is a common saying: man proposes, heaven disposes. But right now, we will be taking action all of a sudden, catching heaven’s will unprepared, this can be considered to be man winning against heaven!”


 While Old Man Yan Shi spoke to Wu Xie, he pointed with his finger: “The ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation we set up has already entrapped all the Southern Border Gu Immortals nearby. But only a small portion of this formation has been set, it cannot even display one-tenth of its might. The tribulations are constantly affecting the Gu formation, the formation won’t last long at this rate.”


 “Next, I and some other Gu Immortals will sacrifice our souls in setting up this formation. With this, the formation can display ninety percent of its might, only lacking a step for completion. The Southern Border Gu Immortals will have no more chance to escape.”


 “So powerful!” The young Gu Immortal stared with wide opened eyes, looking blankly.


 Old Man Yan Shi continued in a serious tone: “After I die, you will be the strongest of us. You need to remember, you were born from a dream realm, and only have eighteen hours of lifespan in total. Every two hours, your cultivation will rise by one rank. Right now, you have just advanced to rank seven, your lifespan only has four hours remaining. The stronger you become, the closer your death approaches. When you advance to rank nine, no one can defend from even one attack of yours!”


 “Rank nine is so powerful?” The young Gu Immortal had a look of ignorance.


 Old Man Yan Shi chuckled: “Of course. Rank nine is the limit in the whole world, it is the highest summit, this world cannot have rank ten, so rank nine is the strongest!”


 “I can only live for four hours, isn’t the time too short? After four hours, will I die? Death, what is it?” The young Gu Immortal asked questions one after another.


 Old Man Yan Shi patiently explained: “Everything has been planned properly, four hours is more than enough. Should the plan fail, even if you live longer it won’t change the outcome.”


 “As for death...”


 Old Man Yan Shi paused, before speaking slowly with a quiet and deep voice: “Death is the end of life, and is also the beginning of life.”


 The young Gu Immortal scratched his head, not fully understanding this.


 Old Man Yan Shi took a deep breath, his emaciated, aged body trembled in the wind, as if he would be blown away the next moment.


 He gazed far away.


 His eyes did not have whites, they were pitch black, but right now countless inverted images emerged in them.


 In the inverted images were Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Southern Border Gu Immortals, Yi Tian Mountain, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage...


 “It’s time.” Old Man Yan Shi spoke, “But before I die, I will use my remaining lifespan to deduce for you. Remember my words, they will provide huge help to you.”


 After he finished speaking, Old Man Yan Shi’s life force started to quickly weaken.


 The next moment, he suddenly opened his eyes, for the first time his face showed bewilderment, seemingly being puzzled and terrified of the result of the deduction.


 He turned his head with difficulty, and looked at the childlike Gu Immortal with an extremely complicated gaze.


 His lips squirmed a few times, before he finally let out several words: “One of... us... be careful... failure...”


 He revealed the heavenly secret with extreme difficulty, his body started turning into powder while he spoke, dissipating in the wind.


 When he said ‘failure’, he had no more time remaining, he completely dissipated and unraveled.


 His soul was absorbed by the formation, completely merging in an instant.


 Not only Old Man Yan Shi, a number of Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals also sacrificed themselves, their souls merging with the formation.


 Ninety percent — Ten Extreme Immortal Zombie Lifeless Formation!


 A vast radiance suddenly soared to the sky.


 At this moment, even the mighty heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities seemed to dim and lose their luster.


 The radiance was so dazzling, all the Southern Border Gu Immortals had to tightly close their eyes.


 The radiance passed in an instant and the Southern Border Gu Immortals quickly opened their eyes.


 The entire area was covered by a gigantic Gu formation.


 Ten Gu Immortals stood in the air, separated from each other, standing at the outermost periphery, seemingly encircling the group of Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Among them, nine Gu Immortals wore black robes, their appearances covered under their hoods, veiled in mystery.


 The last one was the young Gu Immortal, Ying Wu Xie. He looked all around him with curiosity. After all, he had begun life just fourteen hours ago, it was understandable he had a mindset of exploring the novelty of this world.


 “What is going on?”


 “What happened? This Gu formation has suddenly become much more powerful!”


 Previously, under the bombardment of the tribulations, the formation had already been swaying unstably, but now it appeared like a giant reef at the seaside, unbreakable by the storm, standing firm and stable like a mountain.


 Sensing this situation, the hearts of the Southern Border Gu Immortals sank.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Ren Hai Yang stopped protecting the rank six Gu Immortals, and chose a direction to attack the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 “Merely putting up a facade, die!” He shouted as he clapped his hands, a giant tsunami rose from thin air, the water was incomparably vast, with a roaring sound, it fiercely charged towards a black robed Gu Immortal.


 “Protect him!” The other three rank eight Gu Immortals exerted themselves to block the tribulations overhead, protecting Ren Hai Yang.


 With their help, Ren Hai Yang had less pressure on him, he laughed heartily as he stopped holding back and activated his immortal essence again.


 Waves after waves erupted, giving a feeling of covering the sky and the sun, as if an ancient beast had opened its mouth to devour heaven and earth!


 Wu Xie wanted to go help, but was stopped by a black robed Gu Immortal beside him: “Stay at the formation core where you’re located, don’t move recklessly. He can deal with it.”


 Sure enough, the mysterious Gu Immortal who faced the tsunami, suddenly sent out a burst of flames that soared to the sky.


 In an instant, with the black robed Gu Immortal at the center, the surroundings turned into a seething world of lava.


 Waves over thirty meters in height smashed into the formation, and evaporated into white vapor.


 Whoosh...!


 Immediately afterwards, the fire roared as it spread quickly, the intense temperature clearing up the vapor in an instant.


 “Such power... I almost cannot control it!” The black robed Gu Immortal was pleasantly surprised.


 He stood proudly in the center of the lava, the black robe on him was already mostly destroyed, revealing his true appearance.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he recognized this person.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals also exclaimed in surprise: “You actually are a ten extreme immortal zombie — Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance!”


 This person was precisely the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance zombie that had participated in the hundred days battle and had successfully escaped. After he was captured by Old Ancestor Xue Hu, he was then saved by Blazing Heaven Demoness and others sent by Zombie Alliance.


 Who could have thought he would actually appear here!


 “Could it be that the party scheming against the Southern Border Gu Immortals is Zombie Alliance? That can’t be! If it were Zombie Alliance, it would be impossible for Blazing Heaven Demoness to not know of it. Perhaps...”


 Shadow Sect!


 These two words suddenly jumped into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan’s whole body shuddered, the situation was becoming worse. His own circumstances were actually similar to the Southern Border Gu Immortals, he was also trapped here.


 Ren Hai Yang’s attack failed and he could only discontentedly retreat.


 The tribulations from the sky rained down like a storm, not only did they not halt for even a moment, their power also continued to grow greater.


 The air was mixed with constant sounds of shouting and screaming.


 The rank eight Gu Immortals could hardly look after themselves, many bottom tier rank six had already lost their lives.


 These Gu Immortals, who stood high and mighty above the masses under normal circumstances, were as weak as chicks and pups in front of the tribulations.


 Many of the rank seven Gu Immortals could only be carried along by the tide, like a small raft in a stormy sea, they had no control over their circumstances and with any slight carelessness, they could be swallowed by the waves.


 The tribulations were very difficult to face, but the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation firmly withstood them all and was unshakeable, while the Southern Border Gu Immortals were in a predicament.


 At this juncture of life and death, they let go of any previous enmity and collaborated.


 They soon realized their only remaining path to survival.


 That was the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage!


 This Immortal Gu House had extraordinary defensive strength, it could block the vast and boundless tribulations, and protect the Gu Immortals.


 At the same time, the Immortal Gu House’s offensive prowess was also the most suitable weapon to break through the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 The Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage that lay deep under the earth was the hope of the Southern Border Gu Immortals!


 Although the forbidden zone made it extremely difficult for the Southern Border Gu Immortals to approach in person, it did not damage Immortal Gu. Though the powers of Immortal Gu were weakened greatly in there, they still surpassed the vast majority of mortal methods.


 “Combine our strength to bombard Yi Tian Mountain and get hold of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage!” Gu Immortal Jia Yi shouted.


 However, the only remaining ones who still had such ample strength left were the four rank eight Gu Immortals.


 The rank seven Gu Immortals, dodging and defending desperately from the tribulations, had no energy to spare.


 The four rank eights attacked furiously, but it did not affect Yi Tian Mountain.


 The thick layer of clouds above Yi Tian Mountain had been infused with the power of the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, and could defend from the powerful attacks.


 It absorbed all the attacks, clouds and fog surged intensely for a while before it was calm again.


 The four rank eight Gu Immortals’ efforts showed no results.


 Their eyes shone with a ferocious light, they clenched their teeth as they attacked without stop, their expressions gradually turned frantic.


 On Yi Tian Mountain, it was still a scene of serenity.


 Mortals were all kept in the dark, knowing nothing about the blood-curdling scene above them.


 So long as a fraction of the tribulations leaked out, they could destroy Yi Tian Mountain completely, and all the mortal Gu Masters would turn into dust.


 Fang Yuan gazed at the sky heavily.


 “Was there such a situation in my previous life as well? None of us knew death was right above us. Calm down, calm down!”


 Fang Yuan took a few deep breaths, and forcibly dispelled his nervousness and unease, before starting to think.


 The shocking and enormous action taken by Shadow Sect schemed against the Southern Border Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan was also trapped within and could not extricate himself.


 “Although Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan have joined this gamble, they are currently in Xiao Hun blessed land, using Luo Po valley to cultivate their souls. This Gu formation cuts off links between the inside and outside, it even restricts all my communication methods!”



***
Chapter 969 - Losses and Deaths are Natural


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Even if I still had self strength Immortal Gu, rank seven battle strength is simply not enough in this situation. The top priority now is still Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage. The Southern Border Gu Immortals outside the forbidden zone already have no hope of taking this Immortal Gu House. But I still have a chance!”


 “Only with the help of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage will I have hope of escaping! Otherwise, I can only use Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 Fang Yuan thought rapidly, the only chance in front of him was to become the new owner of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage!


 He had Fixed Immortal Travel.


 But this Immortal Gu was in his immortal aperture.


 The aura of Immortal Gu could be easily detected, and they could only be kept safe when stored within an aperture.


 However, Fang Yuan had already sealed his immortal aperture.


 If Fang Yuan were to break the restriction of the forbidden zone, he would be destroyed at the first moment. He simply would not be able to last three breaths of time to activate Fixed Immortal Travel.


 However, Spring Autumn Cicada was not under this seal.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was Fang Yuan’s first vital Gu, it had long ago been placed under a different seal in his first aperture.


 After all this time, Spring Autumn Cicada had already recovered for the most part, and even though it was heavily sealed, it was already giving huge pressure to Fang Yuan’s first aperture.


 Prior to this trip, it was not that Fang Yuan had not considered sealing Fixed Immortal Travel and other Immortal Gu in his first aperture just in case something happened.


 But it simply got nowhere.


 The aperture could store some mortal Gu, but containing a second Immortal Gu was impossible.


 “Even with Fixed Immortal Travel, I am afraid...” Fang Yuan’s gaze pierced through the cloud layer, falling upon the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, his breathing turned somewhat rough.


 Among the Southern Border Gu Immortals, there were space path Gu Immortals as well as space path immortal killer moves. But none of them were able to do anything.


 Clearly, this formation restricted space path as well, its defense was extremely tight, with no loopholes that could be exploited!


 Gu Immortals continued to die miserably under the tribulations.


 The four rank eight Gu Immortals were also injured, they knew that the longer this continued, the lower their chances, they had no choice but to work together and break through simultaneously.


 “You are all flies trapped in a web, where can you escape?” A black robed Gu Immortal Gu blocking their way sneered, his aura was surging as his hood swayed.


 “Northern Dark Ice Soul!” Peng Shi Long shouted in shock.


 Frost energy spread rapidly, a crystalline ice wall that was dozens of meters tall spanned in front of them all.


 While the four immortals were obstructed, a lightning strike smashed down on them!


 “Snow war tribulation lightning!”


 Typical snow war tribulation lightning was already one of the ten great catastrophes. But this tribulation lightning in front of them had multiple bolts branching out, its might over dozens of times stronger!


 When it rains, it pours, the four immortals did not dare to face such lightning head on. Among them, one activated a time path killer move to slow down the lightning, which gave the four immortals time to move away.


 The snow war tribulation lightning continued on its path, as it struck the Northern Dark Ice Soul immortal zombie’s crystalline ice wall.


 A huge hole was pierced through the icy wall, the Northern Dark Ice Soul immortal zombie snorted as he suffered minor injuries.


 “Heaven’s will!” The Northern Dark Ice Soul immortal zombie stared fiercely at the sky.


 The four Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortals changed their direction, towards another area of the Gu formation.


 “You shall not pass.” The black robed Gu Immortal located here, chuckled.


 Boom!


 Both sides attacked each other, they fought for a long time, but they were evenly matched.


 The four immortals were obstructed and their momentum was halted, but the black robed Gu Immortal also did not have it easy.


 “Carefree Wisdom Heart Physique!”


 This was another immortal zombie of the ten extreme physiques.


 “You... you are Shang clan’s Shang Gui Cai!”


 Peng Shi Long frowned, recognizing the black robed Gu Immortal’s identity.


 “Shang clan’s first supreme elder and I have a close friendship. As a member of Shang clan, you actually joined a demonic organization, bringing disaster to the world! A prodigal son who returns is immeasurably precious, you still have time to repent! Otherwise, if this leads to catastrophe, you will implicate your clan as well.”


 The black robed Gu Immortal sneered with disdain: “What do you understand? Shang Gui Cai is just an identity I used after soul replacement, what is mere Shang clan? How can it compare to my great plan?!”


 Boom!


 A lightning bolt of the tribulation struck the four immortals, causing them to be on the verge of collapsing.


 “Don’t bother with him, let’s change to another direction!”


 “Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, Northern Dark Ice Soul, Carefree Wisdom Heart... the ten extreme physiques that one seldom sees in a hundred years are actually appearing one after the other, I am afraid this is not a coincidence.”


 “This Gu formation should be using the ten extreme physiques to garner such huge power!”


 “That means he is the only flaw!!”


 After they were thwarted by the Carefree Wisdom Heart immortal zombie, the four immortals quickly communicated and fixed their gazes at the young Gu Immortal Ying Wu Xie.


 Among all the Gu Immortals present, he was the most peculiar.


 He was alive, and at the same time, his aura revealed he did not have one of the ten extreme physiques.


 The four immortals bore heavy injuries as they charged towards Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie’s heart was thumping, he thought frantically: “What to do? What to do? They are coming over!”


 “Don’t be nervous, use your most proficient method.” The black robed Gu Immortal beside him immediately reminded.


 “I am not nervous, I am not nervous!” Ying Wu Xie took a deep breath, his breathing, however, was rushed.


 But as the four immortals neared him, Ying Wu Xie thought of the scene when he was born.


 He had been born from a dream realm.


 When he opened his eyes, the first person he saw was Old Man Yan Shi.


 Old Man Yan Shi had chuckled when sizing him up with his black eyes, his tone hardly concealing his happiness: “Good, good, good. Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, you are the greatest accomplishment of my dream path research! Since Bo Qing is dead, you will replace him, becoming our greatest strength in suppressing the situation.”


 “Who are you, who am I?” Ying Wu Xie curiously asked.


 “I am you, and you are me. I am Old Man Yan Shi, and you... shall be called Ying Wu Xie.” Old Man Yan Shi chuckled.


 He then lightly waved his arm, countless thoughts were transferred into Ying Wu Xie’s mind.


 Ying Wu Xie felt information flowing into the depths of his mind — time is limited, I can only impart an immortal killer move to you. Although it doesn’t have any killing power, it is the pinnacle of dream path achievement currently in the five regions, at the forefront of this era. Even those Heavenly Court Gu Immortals are far behind. As the saying goes: ‘When you have the skill, you can eat your fill’! Learn it properly, when you become a Gu Immortal, I will give you a complete set of Gu worms for you to speed up your practice at that time!


 ...


 The recollection stopped, the four immortals had already neared him. Among them, Berserk Wind Jia Yi was at the lead!


 Ying Wu Xie’s eyes suddenly let out a sharp light.


 He slowly spoke, like he was reciting: “Immortal killer move — Lead! Soul! Into! Dream!”


 The four immortals slowed down sharply, and were extremely vigilant, as if they were facing a powerful foe.


 However, there was no movement even after several breaths of time.


 “Kid, you actually dared to trick us!” Peng Shi Long was about to attack in fury.


 Right at this time, the rank eight Gu Immortal Jia Yi, however, began to fall down.


 “What’s going on?” Just when Peng Shi Long and the rest were bewildered, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation sent out an incomparably swift attack at Jia Yi.


 Jia Yi made no movement, the layers of heavy defense over his whole body began to slowly dissipate.


 The remaining three immortals quickly moved to block the Gu formation’s attack.


 Jia Yi was still falling.


 Zzz... Zzz...


 He had actually fallen asleep!


 “That kid’s behind this!!” Ren Hai Yang was grim and frantic.


 The enemy was only a rank seven Gu Immortal, but Jia Yi was struck by his immortal killer move, putting up no resistance!


 What’s more, the layers of defense over his whole body showed no effects!


 What killer move was this?!


 “Careful!” Peng Shi Long exclaimed.


 Another form of tribulation lightning descended, this time, countless bolts of falling star lightning struck at the speed of light, reaching the Southern Border Gu Immortals in an instant.


 In this wave of tribulation, most of the Southern Border Gu Immortals lost their lives.


 Even the rank eight Gu Immortal Jia Yi, renowned as Berserk Wind for hundreds of years, was turned into countless pieces by the falling star lightning.


 Peng Shi Long and the others were not even able to take care of themselves, they simply had no time to save him.


 “We are finished!” The three rank eight Gu Immortals started to despair.


 Ying Wu Xie was indeed the flaw in the formation, but his battle strength far surpassed the imaginations of the three immortals.


 This unprecedented dream path killer move directly sent Jia Yi into deep sleep, unable to wake up.


 Jia Yi died, the remaining three immortals’ momentum immediately slowed, and their hopes of breaking through became miniscule.


 “Hold on!” On Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan, who had been observing the battlefield, also started to feel anxious.


 Even if he became the owner of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, with just his strength, it would be hard to activate the enormous Immortal Gu House. It would be like a lone person controlling a battleship, it would be extremely difficult for him to make use of it.


 So, he had to ally with the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 The more Gu Immortals in the Immortal Gu House, the more immortal essence would be consumed, the more power the Immortal Gu House could unleash. Just with Fang Yuan alone, it would be impossible to increase the Immortal Gu House’s strength to the level where it could break through the formation.


 Time passed, the three rank eight Gu Immortals were extremely exhausted, let alone the few remaining rank seven Gu Immortals who were fleeing desperately from the tribulations.


 When Ren Hai Yang perished under the tribulations, the remaining two rank eights had lost all hope.


 “It’s over now!” Fang Yuan exhaled painfully, “Sigh, now I can only continue with my disguise and hope I won’t be discovered...”


 But right when the rank seven and rank six Gu Immortals had all died, with only the two rank eight Gu Immortals remaining, Yi Tian Mountain suddenly began to shake.


 Soon, the tremor increased rapidly.


 The earth was shaking!


 “What’s going on?” The tremor attracted the gazes of the two rank eight Gu Immortals.


 “Could it be that Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage has been obtained by you?” The two rank eight Gu Immortals said to each other with strange tones.


 Both were stupefied, realizing it was not due to them.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, he had yet to refine the Immortal Gu House, so who was it?


 Boom!


 Boulders cracked, the ground opened up, and from the huge rift jumped out a figure.


 The Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie!


 He had actually gotten free of the Immortal Gu House’s suppression, and flew to the sky!


 However, before Fang Yuan and the others could react, a cold snort resounded throughout the scene: “You want to escape fate in front of us? Die!”


 A beam of light shot down from the sky.


 Rank nine Immortal Gu House — Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 Heavenly Court immortals had arrived.


 The pure white beam of light was extremely terrifying, breaking apart the ten extreme formation like snapping a rotten branch. The two Southern Border rank eights were immediately exterminated.


 “Damn it!” The rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was not able to dodge, and could only roar in extreme unwillingness as he was turned into fine powder by the beam of light.


 The beam of light continued its path as it shot down onto Yi Tian Mountain.


 “Am I going to die....” Fang Yuan raised his head and clenched his teeth, all the muscles in his body tensed.


 A rank nine Immortal Gu House’s full power attack, he had no way to defend from it.


 He only had one remaining trump card — Spring Autumn Cicada!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan self-detonated.


 It failed!


 Spring Autumn Cicada was carrying Fang Yuan’s will and had just entered the river of time when it suddenly crumbled, exploding into countless tiny fragments.


 Fang Yuan was dead!



***
Chapter 970 - Rebirth, Ghost Face, Red Lotus!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Legend says there was a river in this world.


 It connected the beginning and the end, it had hidden causes and effects, flowing to every part in the world, it was everywhere.


 With its irrigation, the world could operate normally and all things were able to change.


 This river was called the river of time.


 This was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, a place where time path flourished, and countless time path Gu worms lived and propagated.


 The endless river flowed wantonly without pause.


 The river was vast and boundless, its tides rose and fell along with the surging waves.


 Each drop of the water of time was pale and colorless, but innumerable droplets of water crashed, intertwined, collided, and spun all the time, giving off a brilliant show of lights.


 These brilliant lights were in all kinds of shapes and colors, and were hard to put into words. Fang Yuan felt this was one of the most beautiful sights in the world.


 When the rank nine Immortal Gu House, Heaven Overseeing Tower, sent out the attack which it had prepared for a long time, Fang Yuan was like a bystander that had been implicated, unable to avoid it.


 His only remaining option was to activate Spring Autumn Cicada.


 However, the rank six Spring Autumn Cicada had a huge flaw. There was a chance of failure every time it was used!


 At Qing Mao Mountain, Fang Yuan successfully activated it once.


 At San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan successfully activated it again.


 If his previous life of five hundred years was counted, then Fang Yuan had already successfully activated Spring Autumn Cicada three times.


 Now, he had finally failed.


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s activation failed.


 Although his will entered the river of time, at the moment of activation, Spring Autumn Cicada self-detonated, turning into countless fragments.


 Fang Yuan’s will was like a baby that had lost the small boat it was in and was drowning.


 The surging river of time would engulf and destroy Fang Yuan’s will in an instant, not even a trace would remain.


 “In the end, I still failed...”


 At the moment of death, Fang Yuan’s remaining will was strangely tranquil.


 There was no worry, no discontent, and no regret.


 When he had first chosen this path, he had already expected the situations that could occur, the situation right now had already been within Fang Yuan’s consideration.


 He could do nothing now.


 He had already done everything he could.


 “If a chance was given to me again, I would still choose to live this way. Hehehe, so be it, my story as a Gu Immortal shall end here. Although I did not leave behind any biography or inheritance, but... it doesn’t matter.”


 Fang Yuan’s will was quickly dissipating.


 He was tranquil, even feeling happy in a way.


 If he still had a face, the corners of his lips would probably be curled up into a smile right now.


 Dying while pursuing one’s goal, what regrets could he have?


 “Hehehe... hmm?”


 Fang Yuan’s laughter abruptly stopped, a strange change was occurring at this moment.


 From the remote and grand river of time, a ghost face suddenly came out.


 The ghost face first looked at Fang Yuan’s remaining will and made faces, seemingly in silent mockery.


 Then, the pitch-black ghost face’s cheeks swelled up, its expression seemed like one of extreme suffering, like it was going to vomit.


 A giant flower bud, dripping wet, came out from the ghost face’s mouth.


 The ghost face’s mouth almost ripped apart, its lips had stretched to an exaggerated degree, even reaching its ears.


 After vomiting out the flower bud, the ghost face relaxed before starting to make faces at Fang Yuan again, it was amusingly comical, but at the same time was a ghastly and terrifying smiling expression.


 And that flower bud started to slowly blossom in the river.


 Time seemed to have stopped at that moment.


 In the blink of an eye, the flower bud opened, turning into an enchanting red lotus!


 From the center of the lotus shot out a slightly red light ray that landed at the area where Spring Autumn Cicada had shattered, the time in the red light began to turn back.


 At the same time, the ghost face that had carried the red lotus slowly sank down into the river.


 Like a movie being played backwards, everything began to go backwards.


 As if water spilled from a basin was returning.


 Fang Yuan’s will had almost completely dissipated, the scant few bits remaining were negligible. But under the illumination of the red light, his will began to rapidly restore and countless Gu worm fragments also began to appear.


 And when these Gu worm fragments joined together, they turned into an intact Spring Autumn Cicada!


 Spring Autumn Cicada carried Fang Yuan’s restored will, and began to set on its path again.


 The red light dissipated, the red lotus immediately scattered, and that ghost face also had been completely washed down into the endlessly surging river of time.


 It was as if everything had been an illusion.


 However, Spring Autumn Cicada was already forcibly restored.


 It carried Fang Yuan’s will, carrying Fang Yuan’s remaining hopes as it flowed in the river.


 Flowing backwards....


 Returning to the past!


 ...


 Star Form blessed land.


 Poisonous fog was spreading, poisonous blood was boiling, three layers of Gu formations were already destroyed by corrosion, the surrounding land turned into a thin layer of poisonous swampland.


 Fang Yuan’s face was stern.


 “Next is the most troublesome and difficult to process immortal material, earthly limit astral qi.”


 He took out an immortal material and held it in his hands.


 This Gu refinement material was very peculiar, it was made up of soil and qi. They gathered into a lump.


 At the top was light azure colored astral qi, below was black soil.


 Astral qi was the heaven qi found up in the nine heavens. Outside the immemorial nine heavens was a thick wall of astral qi. If a Gu Immortal wanted to explore the nine heavens, they would need to break through the astral qi wall.


 Meanwhile, the black soil was made up of the essence of earth qi condensed from the ten depths.


 Heaven and earth qi could not coexist, but at this moment, this earthly limit astral qi was joined together in harmony. Not only were they existing peacefully, they were converting into one another constantly. Black soil turned into astral qi while astral qi turned into black soil.


 Fang Yuan shook it by moving his hands rapidly, as this lump of earthly limit astral qi melted, fusing with the black soil and becoming a lump of fog.


 But after shaking, after a dozen breaths, the black soil sank while the astral qi stayed on top. Black and white was separated again, the two were rotating, it was a mystical sight.


 “Processing such an immortal material is most troublesome. Ordinary refinement path killer moves cannot deal with it perfectly. Only the four publicly recognized strongest immortal killer moves to deal with immortal materials — slumbering lightning python, reflect snow, muffled thunder stone drum, and wind grind, can complete this step instantly. Unfortunately, I do not have any of these four immortal killer moves, to process the earthly limit astral qi, I can only put in much time and effort.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts flashed as he moved his feet, his huge body shot into the air, he leaped and jumped into the turtle shell, into the poisonous blood.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan flashed his sharp nails, causing injuries on his six monstrous arms, he next slashed at his chest, back, and other areas, creating openings on his skin.


 Blood refinement killer move — Blood Trace Travel.


 From these injuries, traces of blood appeared.


 The blood traces quickly fused into the dark purple poisonous blood, the poisonous blood in the turtle shell was drawn away, it moved into Fang Yuan’s wounds.


 Intense pain assaulted him, Fang Yuan snorted.


 Immortal zombies did not have a sense of pain, Fang Yuan could feel pain because he used Gu worm methods. He needed to feel pain so that he could know what step the immortal materials were at.


 Fang Yuan’s blood and the poisonous blood in the turtle shell acting as a pot continued to fuse and circulate, they were entering and exiting Fang Yuan’s body.


 After this process stabilized, Fang Yuan took out the earthly limit astral qi and swallowed it.


 Gulp, the earthly limit astral qi entered his stomach.


 This was his own original method, created in his previous life, an abnormal technique using blood path to refine Gu. He called this the flesh body blood refinement technique.


 The earthly limit astral qi entered his body, it was engulfed by the blood and slowly melted into the blood.


 Blood flowed out of Fang Yuan’s body through the wounds, into the turtle shell pot, and sank to the bottom.


 At the same time, the other poisonous blood in the pot flowed into Fang Yuan’s body through the wounds, engulfing the earthly limit astral qi again.


 Time slowly passed, three days and two nights later.


 Fang Yuan was covered in wounds, the pain made his face distorted, his eight monstrous arms were inserted into the poisonous blood, his fangs were exposed and his eyes were red, he was breathing heavily like an ox.


 “Still... still a night remaining, I need to completely process all the earthly limit astral qi in my body... as long as I can get past this step, the most difficult part of refining change form Immortal Gu would be over... uh!”


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s pained expression stiffened.


 Under his deep frowning expression, his bright eyes suddenly showed confusion, almost losing all their luster.


 When refining Immortal Gu, one had to maintain high degrees of concentration, how could he be allowed to be distracted?


 Pff—!


 He immediately spat out a large mouthful of poisonous blood.


 Shortly afterwards, he fell down heavily in the poisonous blood in the giant turtle shell, raising a huge wave of blood.


 The bloody wave splashed out of the turtle shell, into the grassland; soon, a large patch of healthy green grass turned into dark red smoke due to the corrosion.


 “Master!” Star Form land spirit shouted worriedly, jumping into the turtle shell.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s head emerged from the pool of blood.


 He splashed around twice, before standing up.


 The confusion on his face quickly disappeared, his gaze brimming with energy as he mumbled: “This is... this place?”


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s mumbling, Star Form land spirit became even more worried: “Did master lose his mind because of the refinement failure?”


 Fang Yuan gazed at his hands first, then swept through the turtle shell and the blood pool, before finally stopping on Star Form land spirit.


 “What time is it now?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Star Form land spirit jolted inwardly, but still replied: “Many days have already passed since master began refining the Immortal Gu.”


 “Hahahaha...” Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed heartily.


 Star Form land spirit felt bleak: “Oh no, master has lost his mind! After failing the Immortal Gu refinement, his body suffered heavy injuries, he has even forgotten the time, and is still laughing so happily!”


 There was no need for Fang Yuan to tell others about the reason for his happiness.


 “I have returned once again!”


 “Despite the activation of Spring Autumn Cicada failing, because of a strange change, I returned to life from death, from defeat to victory, my will has once again returned to the past.”


 “I am still refining change form Immortal Gu... the time is over a year ago? This is actually so short!”


 “According to my foundation and with so many Immortal Gu on me, I should have at least traveled several hundred years back. Is it because Spring Autumn Cicada failed to activate that I only returned to a point over a year ago?”


 “Also, that ghost face and the red lotus, what was going on... what had happened?”



***
Chapter 971 - A Bit of Excitement Thinking About It


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The strange phenomenon in the river of time only occurred for a very short moment, but it was deeply etched into Fang Yuan’s mind and left a lasting memory.


 It was at the crucial moment between life and death, it was impossible to not have a clear memory of it!


 Now, as he recalled that moment, Fang Yuan was filled with doubts.


 “The ghost face and the red lotus, what do they mean? Why did I not come across this situation when I used Spring Autumn Cicada before? Does it occur only when Spring Autumn Cicada’s activation fails? Or...”


 Shaking his head, Fang Yuan stopped thinking about this mysterious subject.


 He jumped out of the poisonous blood and flew out of the turtle shell.


 “The injuries on me are heavy, and the sole success dao mark is now destroyed because of the Gu refinement failure, it is truly a pity.”


 Fang Yuan examined himself and soon noticed the aftereffects of this Gu refinement failure.


 His body was filled with cracks, almost on the verge of falling apart. Such injuries would require months of recuperation before they could be mended.


 Gu refinement in itself was a dangerous task, not unlike a heated battle.


 Let alone when refining Immortal Gu!


 This time, Fang Yuan had failed in Gu refinement because of his rebirth, suffering serious injuries was to be expected.


 What made Fang Yuan feel even more regret was that the success dao mark, which he had obtained after painstaking efforts in the Refinement Path Convention and a difficult journey to reach the top ranks, was destroyed.


 This gave Fang Yuan some insight.


 “Previously, the reason I failed in refining star thought Immortal Gu was not because there was a problem in my method, but the subtle aspect of mutual fusion of the dao marks of each immortal material, which is not something one can control. This is one of the crucial reasons for the low success rate in refining Immortal Gu.”


 “The greatest use of success dao marks is to influence this aspect, to let the dao marks of the immortal materials fuse together and reach the standard for the Gu refinement. Thus, when I began refining Immortal Gu, the success dao mark was consumed, turning into a special type of immortal material that assisted in refinement.”


 “Last time, there was no mishap and I was able to refine change form Immortal Gu, the aid of the success dao mark was immeasurable. But this time, because of my rebirth, this highly likely refinement was messed up.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt some irony.


 It was not that with the success dao mark, the Gu refinement would succeed no matter how it was done.


 If the Gu Master was purposely trying to fail, intentionally using wrong refinement methods, then it would be certain failure.


 Success dao marks were not all-powerful.


 Earlier, why did Fang Yuan intentionally choose Star Form blessed land to refine the Immortal Gu? It was because he was afraid of being disturbed by outside forces, which could cause the Gu refinement to fail.


 Once the refinement failed, the immortal materials would be lost, injuries were a small matter, the main thing was that the success dao mark would also be destroyed.


 Fang Yuan was reborn, and it just so happened to be during the process of refining change form Immortal Gu, this doomed him to failure.


 Nothing could be done about it now. Last time, change form Immortal Gu had been refined successfully, but now it had failed.


 “I have been reborn, and although I have the advantage of future knowledge, accurately speaking, it doesn’t mean a path to success.”


 “But this rebirth gave me huge advantages. Losing a success dao mark is inconsequential!”


 Fang Yuan soon sorted out his mood, and stabilized his mindset.


 Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Fang Yuan activated the Immortal Gu and returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 In the past, he was anxious, but now he knew that there would still be a while before Central Continent made a breakthrough with the matter of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. He could be more at ease.


 Although he had his previous life’s experience, Fang Yuan had always been the one to consider everything before taking action. An impetuous person would absolutely be unable to reach his current stage.


 How would he use the countless disorderly clues and his current resources to obtain the maximum benefits?


 This was the main question Fang Yuan needed to consider.


 An immortal zombie had slower thought processes, Fang Yuan stepped in the light of wisdom to ponder.


 Compared to his previous life, his wisdom path attainment had already reached grandmaster level! He had even thought of a small Gu formation that could let him use the light of wisdom more efficiently and save a large amount of time.


 In just half a day, Fang Yuan finished pondering over the question.


 An immortal zombie did not need to eat or drink, although he was injured, Fang Yuan had to make use of every minute and second.


 Fixed Immortal Travel!


 He immediately activated this Immortal Gu to secretly return to Southern Border.


 Using his methods, he removed most of the aura of the Immortal Gu, then he quietly approached Yi Tian Mountain.


 Fang Yuan was familiar with the surrounding ten thousand li of Yi Tian Mountain.


 In his previous life, an unprecedented gambling contest had been held on Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan had also participated in it. As time passed, the range of the forbidden zone for immortals had continued to expand, and Fang Yuan had to constantly move farther away, along with the Southern Border Gu Immortals. Thus, he was very familiar with the scenery near Yi Tian Mountain.


 Yi Tian Mountain!


 At this moment, it was still only a nameless mountain peak.


 Before Fang Yuan’s arrival, there had just been rain over this mountain, the future Yi Tian Mountain was tall and beautiful, with lush trees and deep valleys. A rainbow appeared above and life seemed to brimming with vitality.


 Fang Yuan gazed from afar, moving in carefully and full of expectations.


 If Fang Yuan was asked what was it that enticed him the most after rebirth?


 It was no doubt Yi Tian Mountain, under which was buried the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, and the suppressed rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 The significance of the latter to Fang Yuan did not need to be said.


 “Although last time, this rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had actually leaped out, getting rid of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s suppression, as long as I can successfully refine the Immortal Gu House and become its new owner, I can continue to suppress him!”


 “If I can obtain Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage...” Fang Yuan licked his lips as he thought of this.


 An Immortal Gu House was no small matter!


 Immortal Gu Houses and ancient battle formations, they were the highest achievements of formation path.


 Among them, ancient battle formations were gradually eliminated over the course of time, and Immortal Gu Houses had become mainstream.


 Whether it be Southern Border, Northern Plains, Eastern Sea, Western Desert or Central Continent, all powerful super forces had at least one Immortal Gu House as their trump card. Like Hei tribe, Dark Prison was their symbol as well as a powerful trump card!


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, after Dark Prison had been lost, to seize it back, even the four supreme elders of Hei tribe had risked going out and chasing Hei Cheng.


 Dark Prison was only a rank six Immortal Gu House and Hei tribe had been so anxious to take it back.


 The significance of Immortal Gu Houses could be seen from this.


 And Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, which was buried deep under Yi Tian Mountain, was not only of higher rank than Dark Prison, a mysterious Gu Immortal had used its power to forcibly challenge someone of a higher rank and succeeded in suppressing a rank eight expert, one who furthermore possessed the Great Strength True Martial Physique!


 The value of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was clearly many times higher than Dark Prison!


 “Thinking back to my previous life, the Profound Ice House used by Shark Demon and Su Bai Man was only an incomplete Immortal Gu House, but it could repeatedly break through the hindrance of the battlefield killer moves and escape. If I can obtain this Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, even if I can’t reach the level of moving unhindered in the world, in the future, when the truth is exposed and I am hunted down by Central Continent, Northern Plains and others, I can protect myself and intimidate other immortals!”


 An Immortal Gu House was a fortress for battle, it did not have any shortcomings and covered all aspects of attack, defense, movement, healing and even assistance in cultivation.


 It was structurally stable, and was easy to control.


 A rank seven Immortal Gu House could be controlled by a rank six Gu Immortal as well.


 However, Immortal Gu Houses had two major flaws, one was feeding and the second was immortal essence.


 An Immortal Gu House was constructed from many Immortal Gu and vast numbers of mortal Gu, feeding these Gu worms was naturally extremely troublesome and a huge burden.


 But Fang Yuan knew that Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage seemed to involve food path in its construction, and the feeding problem could be disregarded.


 Next was the immortal essence.


 To activate an Immortal Gu House, the amount of immortal essence consumed would be a gigantic number. Just with Fang Yuan’s capability, he would not be able to bear it.


 In his previous life, when Shark Demon had no choice but to activate Profound Ice House, all the immortal zombies had to share the burden of immortal essence consumption, and the amount of consumption had greatly distressed everyone.


 The price to activate an Immortal Gu House was huge.


 Because the amount of immortal essence consumed was extremely high.


 Fang Yuan was now in a poor state, he had staked it all and used up all his assets to barely be able to gather one set of immortal materials for refining change form Immortal Gu.


 And now, he had failed the refinement, losing most of the immortal materials, he had little money in possession.


 Even though he had many rich income sources like the guts Gu trade, earning a thousand immortal essence stones every month, half of a year of accumulating this income would not be enough to activate the Immortal Gu House for even thirty seconds.


 But none of these mattered!


 Fang Yuan had very little green grape immortal essence, but he had large amounts of Giant Sun’s immortal essence!


 This could be traced back to Imperial Court blessed land.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was rank nine, the immortal essence he had left behind was the yellow apricot immortal essence that only rank nine venerables could form. The quality of this immortal essence was countless times greater than green grape immortal essence, the difference between the two was like the gap between heaven and earth.


 Giant Sun’s immortal essence could not be used by Fang Yuan himself, but the Immortal Gu House could absorb it.


 Immortal Gu Houses could absorb immortal essence of others, otherwise Shark Demon and the other immortal zombies would not be able to combine their powers to activate Profound Ice House.


 This was the fundamental characteristic of Immortal Gu House — integrating the power of a group of immortals into one!


 Fang Yuan had thought of this in his previous life.


 As far as he was concerned, Giant Sun’s immortal essence was like water with a source or a tree without roots, the more it was used, the more it would be consumed, and it could not be replenished.


 Thus, the even more economical method was to gather many Gu Immortals to serve as a source of labor in activating the Immortal Gu House.


 Unfortunately, the Southern Border Gu Immortals had died too quickly.


 Or one could say Fang Yuan was not able to make it in time.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had yet to be refined by anyone when the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had broken out.


 This was a huge pity.


 “If I have Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, I could resist even that beam of life that was about to kill me!” Fang Yuan had confidence.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage naturally was not Heaven Overseeing Tower’s match, but Heaven Overseeing Tower’s condition was not optimum, that light pillar’s might had been reduced after being whittled down by the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 With Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, although he could not say ‘with a house in hand, the world is mine’, it was enough to say ‘with a house in hand, advancing or retreating is up to me.’


 ‘With a house in hand, the world is mine’, the rank eight Eighty-Eight True Yang Building could be said to be one such example, it was specialized in plundering Gu worms, even Immortal Gu. The rank eight Refinement Cauldron was another one.


 Compared to the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, self strength Immortal Gu, all-out effort Immortal Gu, star thought Immortal Gu, all of them seemed unimportant.


 As long as he had the Immortal Gu House, with Giant Sun’s immortal essence, Fang Yuan could use his rank six bottom tier cultivation level and immortal zombie body to forcibly fight rank eights, directly becoming one of the strongest experts!


 “Just thinking about it gives me a bit of excitement.” Fang Yuan carefully inspected his surroundings, and after confirming there was no one around, he immediately drilled into the ground, entering deep into the earth.



***
Chapter 972 - Rebirth Plans


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What’s going on? Where is Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage?” Fang Yuan was filled with doubts and disappointment.


 After he was reborn, he had almost immediately hurried to Yi Tian Mountain, thinking of getting this Immortal Gu House.


 But when he searched under the ground, he discovered that Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was simply not present, even that rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie could not be found.


 “Could it be that there were other reasons behind the appearance of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage? I came early, so the opportunity was not available?” Fang Yuan frowned as he pondered.


 He had guessed correctly.


 Previously, the reason Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage appeared was due to Bai Ning Bing.


 He had activated a mysterious Immortal Gu, and this Immortal Gu had been given to him by Old Man Yan Shi.


 Fang Yuan naturally did not know this detail, he also did not have this Immortal Gu, so he could not find any trace of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 If Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was simply buried under the ground, then it would probably have already been discovered by others. How would it remain up until now?


 Without any other choice, Fang Yuan could only leave quietly.


 He was unable to obtain Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, as such, Fang Yuan had to modify his plans and put it aside for the moment, carrying out his other ideas first.


 After moving a long distance from Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan carefully activated Immortal Gu Fixed Immortal Travel.


 The Immortal Gu’s aura leaked, jade green radiance flashed.


 The next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared from Southern Border, and appeared in that giant formation in Northern Plains’ Earth Trench.


 This giant formation was a space path formation, the space inside it was extremely large. In his previous life, Fang Yuan had used Fixed Immortal Travel to enter here.


 In this life, he had once again used Fixed Immortal Travel to enter here, there were no mishaps or setbacks.


 Moreover, this time, he directly entered the central area of the Gu formation.


 This was a large, desolate land of purple sand.


 In this desolate land, some rarely seen and extremely valuable immortal materials were spread.


 His memories were still very clear, Fang Yuan did not even need to put in the effort to search, he directly ran to each key area and collected the immortal materials.


 These immortal materials were of extremely high rank, they were basically all at rank eight and there were even some top quality rank eight materials with such dense dao marks that their light could be seen with naked eyes!


 Like the tiger-striped honey bee’s wings, the fragment of the immemorial desolate beast cloud phoenix’s body...


 Altogether, eighteen immortal materials ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands once again.


 He then moved to the middle of the desolate land of purple sand, where he discovered those multi-layered Gu formations once again.


 He carefully inspected the contents and saw it was just like his previous life. He left the Gu formations as they were, but destroyed all the crucial thoughts.


 Fang Yuan naturally did not intend to leave the life-and-death immortal aperture method for others.


 Before leaving, Fang Yuan gave the place a final glance, sighing inwardly.


 He knew that outside the desolate land of purple sand, there were large numbers of desolate plants and desolate beast corpses, but these immortal materials only looked impressive, once they were picked up, they would all turn into purple sand.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not even look at them.


 In his previous life, he had to painstakingly scheme, joining Zombie Alliance’s headquarters first, then after being schemed by Blazing Heaven Demoness, he was thrown into Northern Plains’ Dark Flow Giant City. He had to deceive several immortal zombies before he was able to enter Earth Trench. He kept on scheming the whole way, not hesitating to be swallowed by the mouth earthworm, then arriving at the nest of yaksha octopuses, searching painstakingly, taking the risk to unravel a small portion of the Gu formation, before he was finally able to enter this hidden space.


 But this life, because of rebirth, he went straight to his destination, getting the maximum benefits while spending the least amount of time and energy. The whole process was very simple, it was like a dream.


 Using Fixed Immortal Travel again, Fang Yuan left the place and returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Change form Immortal Gu’s refinement failed, not only was the success dao mark lost, most of the immortal materials were also destroyed.


 To prepare for this single refinement of change form Immortal Gu, he had taken out all his assets.


 After rebirth, he could be said to be dirt-poor.


 But now, he had these precious immortal materials as very timely assistance.


 These immortal materials were extremely valuable, if their value was to be maximized, it would undoubtedly be by keeping them until a time when Fang Yuan refined rank eight Immortal Gu.


 However, the time needed for this was too long, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was still at the bottom tier of rank six, advancing to rank eight was a distant prospect and not within the foreseeable future.


 Fang Yuan had already considered how to make full use of these immortal materials.


 Like in his previous life, Fang Yuan put several of the immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven, causing a huge commotion among the Gu Immortals.


 Even in treasure yellow heaven, these immortal materials were extremely rare and were very sought after.


 Fang Yuan easily traded them for the things he wanted, and fed all the Immortal Gu he had, except for self strength Immortal Gu and wisdom Gu.


 Taking a look over the Immortal Gu Fang Yuan had:


 Strength path: Self Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Iron Crown Eagle Strength, Eat Strength.


 Star path: Star Shoot, Star Mark, Starlight.


 Luck path: Connect Luck, Time Luck, Calamity Beckoning.


 Besides these, there was also his first vital Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada, the extremely practical space path Immortal Gu, Fixed Immortal Travel, the less frequently used poison path Immortal Gu, Woman’s Heart, a soul path Immortal Gu, Cleanse Soul and a wisdom path Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had change form Immortal Gu at this time. But after rebirth, the refinement had failed, and change form Immortal Gu did not exist.


 As for the rank nine wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan could not refine it so it was temporarily placed in Hu Immortal blessed land. Thus, whether it could be considered Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu was debatable.


 Normally, most rank six Gu Immortals only had mortal Gu and not even one Immortal Gu.


 The number of Immortal Gu Fang Yuan had already numbered sixteen, without counting wisdom Gu.


 As such, the burden of feeding the Immortal Gu was extremely heavy and had always been on Fang Yuan’s mind.


 The feeding issue of the Immortal Gu was resolved for now, Fang Yuan could relax for the moment.


 “Land spirit?” Fang Yuan softly spoke in the secret room.


 “Master, I am here!” The land spirit Little Hu Immortal swiftly appeared, beaming with a smile, and hugged Fang Yuan’s leg.


 “Master, I didn’t disturb you because you were busy, but I really missed you.” Little Hu Immortal said while shaking her furry tail, before saying some childlike words, “Although master has turned ugly.”


 Fang Yuan laughed, stroking Little Hu Immortal’s head as he instructed her: “Go command all the hairy men in the stone nests to start refining only airsac Gu.”


 “Yes, master.” Little Hu Immortal immediately replied.


 “You can leave now.”


 “Okay...” Little Hu Immortal gazed at Fang Yuan with a reluctant look, before disappearing.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts shifted, as he activated Fixed Immortal Travel, leaving Hu Immortal blessed land.


 When he appeared again, he was already at Lang Ya blessed land.


 At this time, Lang Ya land spirit had not changed his nature, and was still that long robed, white hair, and seemingly sagelike land spirit.


 “Why are you here? That immortal material I wanted, did you get it? If you didn’t, then there is no need for discussion!” Lang Ya land spirit waved his large sleeves and spoke with a cold and detached expression when he saw Fang Yuan.


 Because of his excessive demands, Fang Yuan’s relationship with Lang Ya land spirit had already turned cold.


 Fang Yuan wanted to request for Lang Ya land spirit’s help, but Lang Ya land spirit’s condition was extremely harsh — asking Fang Yuan to get a type of immortal material.


 And this immortal material’s origin was from the immemorial nine heavens, and was extremely rare even in treasure yellow heaven.


 If not for this, Lang Ya land spirit would not have asked Fang Yuan to do this.


 “Of course I have it, take a look.” Fang Yuan laughed, not minding Lang Ya land spirit’s cold attitude.


 “You really got it?” Lang Ya land spirit looked at the immortal material in Fang Yuan’s hand, his expression immediately relaxed and his tone revealed his incredulous feelings.


 Clearly, he had not been optimistic about Fang Yuan’s chances.


 Rightfully so.


 The task of getting this immortal material had already surpassed Fang Yuan’s capabilities. At least, that was the case in his previous life.


 But in this life, after Fang Yuan was reborn, he made use of the rank eight immortal materials in his hands, why would he fear not being able to purchase goods of this level?


 Fang Yuan handed the poisonous flower petals to Lang Ya land spirit: “I need a certain amount of exert strength Gu and disappointment Gu, along with large numbers of star thought Gu.”


 Fang Yuan already knew: Lang Ya blessed land was extremely special, the space inside was so large that it had already surpassed most grotto-heavens.


 This was because Lang Ya land spirit had merged the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, into the whole blessed land.


 Countless hairy men lived here, the number beyond imagination.


 The land of cloud soil in front of him was only a layer of clouds in Lang Ya blessed land. Under this layer were three continents, where large numbers of hairy men lived. Specializing in Gu refinement, they selected talents, living and working in peace and happiness.


 With the help of these hairy men, it was extremely simple for Lang Ya land spirit to refine exert strength Gu, disappointment Gu and star thought Gu.


 “On the basis of this immortal material, I will do you this favor.” Lang Ya land spirit replied, before adding, “But next time, I hope to get scales of the half moon qilin, at least thirty of them. Otherwise, I won’t agree to any of your requests.”


 His tone was still rather frigid, but his expression was no longer cold.


 Fang Yuan nodded, and without speaking further, he activated Fixed Immortal Travel and left.


 He possessed the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method, as well as a strength path version of nirvana fire, so he could get rid of the immortal zombie body and become a living person.


 But for the moment, Fang Yuan had no plans to do so.


 Becoming alive would only mean having the potential to advance, his cultivation would still be at the bottom tier of rank six. He would also lose his immortal zombie body, and his battle strength would instead decrease.


 More importantly, Fang Yuan did not have much lifespan left, and thus would not be able to use the light of wisdom.


 Fang Yuan asked Lang Ya land spirit to refine exert strength Gu and disappointment Gu as early preparations for the future.


 What he had paid for this was an immortal material, while Lang Ya land spirit was only refining mortal Gu, although the numbers were somewhat huge, Fang Yuan had still incurred a loss.


 But Fang Yuan did not seriously concern himself with it.


 He had his own plans regarding Lang Ya land spirit, but it was not the time for them yet.


 Fang Yuan left Lang Ya blessed land, directly arriving at a certain village in Central Continent.


 There was an extraordinary tree here.


 It was a spring dream fruit tree.


 “It indeed still exists.” Fang Yuan hid his figure and inspected it, feeling some joy.


 In his previous life, he had obtained information about this tree from Mo Yao’s will, but before he could collect the spring dream fruits, this tree was cut down by someone.


 But after rebirth, Fang Yuan had no need to join Zombie Alliance and search for the revival method, he was able to come here half a year early, making up for a regret in his previous life.



***
Chapter 973 - Spring Dream Fruit Tree


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Spring dream fruit trees were a very special type of plant.


 They could be any kind of fruit tree, but only extremely few fruit trees could become spring dream fruit trees.


 One of these spring dream fruit trees was next to a farmer’s home.


 The head of the family was an old man, known as old man Chen.


 “Son, in half a year, you will be married. I will build a house for you, the main girder of the house will be built using this fire date tree.” Old man Chen stood in front of the tree, and patted its thick bark, as he spoke to his son who was at the side.


 The son looked at this date tree and gave a thumbs up, pleased: “Father, this is a good idea. This date tree is older than the history of our village. I remember that it has already stopped producing dates, it will be useless even if it keeps on growing. Cutting it down to construct the main girder for my house will be putting it to good use!”


 Fang Yuan coldly snorted.


 He was standing not far away, but was invisible.


 Old man Chen and his son, who were not even Gu Masters, were unable to sense him.


 Finding out by chance the reason for the spring dream fruit tree being cut down, Fang Yuan inwardly frowned.


 This spring dream fruit tree’s existence was supported by this date tree.


 A true spring dream fruit tree was a tree that existed in dreams and did not have a material body. But it required a real tree to be the foundation for it to live long.


 This date tree was several thousand years old, only old trees like this could be used by the spring dream fruit tree.


 Naturally, the specific requirements involved not just age.


 Humans needed to be living near the tree, the dreams of these humans from generation after generation would nourish the spring dream fruit tree.


 In history, this place was once the base of a volcano.


 Because the volcano erupted every several hundred years, the large amounts of volcanic ash created fertile soil in the surroundings.


 Attracted by the excellent natural farmland, there would be people migrating now and then. They would gradually form villages, which would later be destroyed by the volcanic eruptions.


 Fire date trees were extremely resistant to heat, they could even resist lava, thus they were able to continue existing.


 If the date tree was cut down, the spring dream fruit tree would be destroyed. But to move the date tree, there needed to be corresponding dream path methods to move the spring dream fruit tree at the same time, otherwise Fang Yuan would only obtain an ordinary date tree and not the spring dream fruit tree.


 Fang Yuan did not have methods to move the spring dream fruit tree. Currently, it was not possible for him to even pick the spring dream fruits. He would need to refine some dream path mortal Gu that were targeted at picking the fruits.


 In the past, Mo Yao seemed to have recognized the extraordinariness of this tree, but due to her limited knowledge, or perhaps she also sensed that casually picking the tree would not work, she chose to leave it behind.


 “It seem I still need to preserve the living environment of this spring dream fruit tree for some time.”


 Fang Yuan flicked a finger, two wills separately drilled into the minds of old man Chen and his son.


 The son suddenly let out tears: “Father, let’s not cut down this tree. Even if it can’t produce dates anymore, I want to keep on seeing it. It has accompanied me as I have grown, when I was young, I urinated on the tree, when I got slightly older, I built a swing on it. Let’s forget about cutting it down...”


 “Sigh! Alright.” Old man Chen’s eyes had also reddened, nodding emotionally: “Then let it continue to grow here. We will choose another tree, although there is not any that is as tall as this one, they will be enough for the main girder of the new house.”


 After dealing with the mortals’ thoughts, Fang Yuan arranged a Gu formation here to protect the spring dream fruit tree.


 In the meantime, he would have to refine some corresponding dream path mortal Gu to pick up the fruits.


 This required time.


 Almost all the refinement materials for dream path mortal Gu were derived from dream realm.s


 “According to how my previous life went, after refining change form Immortal Gu, I helped Tai Bai Yun Sheng pass his tribulation, then participated in the battle to defend Lang Ya blessed land. After the battle, I took up the identity of Xing Xiang Zi to enter Eastern Sea and participate in the invasion of Yu Lu blessed land. In this process, because of the collapse of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, I was invited by Immortal Crane Sect to invade a fragment world of the grotto-heaven. After this matter, Blazing Heaven Demoness appeared, defeating the immemorial desolate beast one finger flow shark. I was forcefully recruited by Blazing Heaven Demoness, then returned to Northern Plains and obtained the Earth Trench inheritance. After that, I took part in killing Hei Cheng, then was forced to set a new agreement with Blazing Heaven Demoness and the others, then we went on to seize Luo Po valley. Finally, I took part in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain!”


 “This time, after my rebirth luckily succeeded, my main objective is still the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage. As long as I can become the owner of this Immortal Gu House, I can smoothly suppress the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, in that case, my gains will be huge!”


 Although Fang Yuan’s plan of taking the Immortal Gu House early had failed, how could one failure shake his resolution?


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had not appeared now, then he could only wait for the moment it appeared.


 Originally, Fang Yuan’s plan had been to take the Immortal Gu House, then suppress the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie. He would wait until the alliance agreement expired, then he would use the Immortal Gu House to deal with Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness, maybe he could even borrow the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, from Lang Ya blessed land, and seize their Immortal Gu, obtaining the greatest benefits.


 However, he could not do that now.


 Without the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan’s strength was clearly weaker than Hei Lou Lan’s side. Even if he had many plans and plots, without strength, they could not come to fruition. After all, Hei Lou Lan was also a formidable character, she was not someone who could be trifled with easily. This was clear from when she killed her own father, then disguised herself to enter Hei tribe.


 Fang Yuan’s original plan was wonderful, but reality was cruel.


 Fang Yuan made calculations on the basis of the worst possible situation, if Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage appeared at the same time as in his previous life, then he would be unable to covertly take this Immortal Gu House.


 The likelihood of this was huge.


 “When Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage appeared, it produced a grand sight, the battle scene of that day in history kept on being displayed. If that is the case, then I can only follow my previous life, and participate in the gambling contest between the Southern Border Gu Immortals, and personally entering the demonic path side on Yi Tian Mountain.”


 If he went in like this, the risks would be extremely huge, he would have to face the Gu Immortals of Southern Border, Shadow Sect, and also Heavenly Court. It would be entering great danger.


 But how can there be gains without any danger?


 Fang Yuan was cautious, but he did not lack the mindset to take risks.


 The huge benefits had already made him resolved to take the risk.


 He had been reborn, and had plenty of experiences and knowledge of his previous life, if he did not dare to conspire, then Fang Yuan considered this to simply be cowardly!


 “Since the protection of the spring dream fruit tree has been ensured, I can put it aside for the moment. I should change my plans, I need to ally with Hei Lou Lan again!”


 Fang Yuan had self strength Immortal Gu, Blazing Heaven Demoness would definitely target him.


 If Fang Yuan obtained the Immortal Gu House early, then he would not be afraid of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 But the situation happened to be different now, Fang Yuan needed to obtain the Immortal Gu House, and in the process, he might have to face the Southern Border Gu Immortals, Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court. Now, he needed the strength of others.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan, Blazing Heaven Demoness and others, especially Blazing Heaven Demoness, with her rank eight cultivation, she could add much power to the Immortal Gu House.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had suffered from going in alone without help. When Shadow Sect mobilized, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were both in Xiao Hun blessed land, using Luo Po valley to cultivate their soul. And Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still in Eastern Sea.


 Naturally, it was also because Fang Yuan had intentionally concealed it from Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan and the others, sneaking into Yi Tian Mountain alone.


 Even if Fang Yuan revived, he would only have rank six bottom tier cultivation. To advance to rank seven, he needed to go through many earthly calamities and three heavenly tribulations. In the blessed land’s time, it would take three hundred years.


 There was clearly not enough time for Fang Yuan to do this.


 Of course, he could also devour Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land, but his body had a strength path immortal aperture which did not relate to these blessed lands.


 Right now, the utmost priority was to turn enemies into allies and strategize from there.


 Fang Yuan wanted to eliminate Hei Lou Lan and the others, but this kind of impatience could spoil his grand scheme. There were many times when one needed to compromise.


 To accomplish one’s aims in the world, it was necessary for any person to compromise, and to learn how to compromise. No matter how high someone’s position was, they would need to follow this.


 Giving up small benefits for greater benefits, this was a display of a person’s growth.


 Using Fixed Immortal Travel again, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 In his previous life, when Fang Yuan wanted to target Hei Lou Lan, she had already left Hu Immortal blessed land for the outside world, her tracks were concealed, and as such Fang Yuan was not able to make a move against her.


 But in this life, at this time, Hei Lou Lan still was staying in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 She was using her strength qi Immortal Gu to help the hairy men in the stone nests to refine airsac Gu.


 When Fang Yuan found Hei Lou Lan, she was within a stone nest.


 She was holding an information path mortal Gu in her hand, frowning at the information brought by the Gu worm.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan raised the information path mortal Gu and asked: “Did you hear about the matter of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent ambushing Song Zi Xing?”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Of course I did. This matter can be kept secret from mortals, but it cannot be hidden from Gu Immortals. Even though Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects are hiding their traces, the other Gu Immortals in Central Continent would not want to keep this a secret, right now, they are looking forward to seeing some drama in the ten great ancient sects.”


 “Oh!” Hei Lou Lan sighed deeply: “Such a prime opportunity, but we missed it. If we could kill Song Zi Xing during this period, we might be able to obtain Star Form blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan glanced at Hei Lou Lan, sighing internally: This person really is formidable!


 She already had attitude Gu, but had restrained herself, not only was he not informed, she did not even inform her closest friend and relative, her aunt Fairy Li Shan.


 To deceive the enemy, one had to start from deceiving those they were closest to.


 But Fang Yuan was like her.


 He had obtained possession of Star Form blessed land, but had deliberately concealed the information, keeping Hei Lou Lan in the dark. In his previous life, were it not for Blazing Heaven Demoness, this secret would not have been revealed.


 It was because Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were similar kinds of people, that Fang Yuan appreciated Hei Lou Lan while also being apprehensive at the same time. If possible, he truly wanted to get rid of her and get rid of her quickly.


 But destiny worked in mysterious ways, Fang Yuan had to deepen his collaboration with Hei Lou Lan to obtain the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Therefore, at the next moment, Fang Yuan took out self strength Immortal Gu, placing it in his hand and holding it out for Hei Lou Lan.



***
Chapter 974 - Difficult Interaction with Hei Lou Lan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Self strength Immortal Gu!” Fang Yuan’s action shook Hei Lou Lan’s mind.


 This Immortal Gu was originally hers, but because she failed her tribulation, she had been trapped in a dream realm and was later saved by Fang Yuan.


 The result was that this Immortal Gu became the price for saving Hei Lou Lan, ending up in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 This self strength Immortal Gu had huge significance to Hei Lou Lan.


 Not only was it very suitable for Hei Lou Lan as she possessed the Great Strength True Martial Physique and cultivated strength path, this self strength Immortal Gu had been refined by Hei Lou Lan’s mother, Su Xian Er, and was a memento she left to Hei Lou Lan.


 Thus, self strength Immortal Gu had extremely great importance to Hei Lou Lan!


 Hei Lou Lan had been extremely unwilling to give it, but she had no other choice.


 She thought about this Immortal Gu day and night, and really wished she could seize it back from Fang Yuan.


 However, she had restrained this impulse.


 On one hand, it was because Gu worms were very difficult to take away and could be destroyed with a thought from their owner. On another hand, it was because Hei Lou Lan was astute.


 She deeply understood there was an art called compromise when interacting with people.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan were natural allies. Hei Lou Lan still needed to rely on the guts Gu business to support her cultivation, working together created benefits, while being enemies formed losses, so Hei Lou Lan had continued to endure.


 Besides the first meeting after waking up, Hei Lou Lan had not raised any objection towards Fang Yuan having self strength Immortal Gu.


 It was as if she had already forgotten this.


 She had deep shrewdness.


 But now, Fang Yuan was suddenly handing over the self strength Immortal Gu, like he was returning it to its rightful owner; Hei Lou Lan was caught unprepared and was unable to conceal her desire.


 But at once, Hei Lou Lan calmed down, her frown deepened as she fixed her sharp gaze on Fang Yuan.


 She had already snapped back to awareness, and she was filled with vigilance.


 She knew Fang Yuan’s nature, and just like Fang Yuan, who had both appreciation and apprehension towards her, she also felt the same about Fang Yuan.


 “Why would Fang Yuan hand over self strength Immortal Gu for no reason? This is impossible! Then what is he planning?”


 As if seeing Hei Lou Lan’s doubts, Fang Yuan chuckled: “Don’t be nervous. Self strength Immortal Gu is rather suitable for me as well, but I believe this Immortal Gu is more important to you. Like they say, a gentleman doesn’t take advantage of others, isn’t that the case?”


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes flashed with dark light, she glanced at the self strength Immortal Gu in Fang Yuan’s hand, before fixing her gaze on Fang Yuan, sneering: “You are a gentleman? Just say what you want to say.”


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “If I speak directly, I am afraid it will scare you.”


 Hei Lou Lan snorted: “Just tell me!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered, speaking in a serious tone: “Then I won’t beat around the bush. I want to use this self strength Immortal Gu to trade for your attitude Gu.”


 “What?!” Hei Lou Lan’s body shook, the ferocious glint in her eyes increased, and she almost took a step back involuntarily.


 “I have kept the matter of acquiring attitude Gu extremely secret, how did he know? I hid it from even little aunt. Besides heaven and earth, only I know!!”


 The shock Hei Lou Lan felt was hard to express.


 This was her greatest secret, but it was suddenly exposed by Fang Yuan, she could not help being shocked.


 Killing intent surged inside her, subconsciously wanting to attack Fang Yuan.


 To eliminate the person who knows her secret!


 This was the nature of ferocious characters.


 However, at this time, Fang Yuan took the initiative to retreat a step.


 This movement was simple, but had subtle effects on Hei Lou Lan’s current mentality.


 Hei Lou Lan was like a frightened beast, but Fang Yuan moved away some distance and showed a harmless smile, emitting good intention, making Hei Lou Lan feel safer.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes squinted into a slit, fixing her gaze at Fang Yuan. Her expression was cold as ice, her killing intent had not dispelled yet, instead it was restrained for now.


 “It seems you truly possess the legendary attitude Gu.” Fang Yuan pretended to be observing her expression, and spoke with a surprised tone.


 Hei Lou Lan stared blankly before speaking in fury: “You tricked me?!”


 “Of course not.” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, shrugging his shoulders: “Do you still remember my master, Purple Mountain True Monarch?”


 Hei Lou Lan took a deep breath, hearing the name of Purple Mountain True Monarch again, she was filled with wariness.


 She knew this Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Fang Yuan was his disciple and so was Tai Bai Yun Sheng. That was the reason why Fang Yuan called Tai Bai Yun Sheng senior brother.


 Of course, all this was false information. In his previous life, even Blazing Heaven Demoness had been deceived.


 “It was your master who informed you?” Hei Lou Lan asked.


 Her killing intent went down to rock bottom, from her view, Fang Yuan had huge backing. It was very difficult to kill Fang Yuan, let alone Purple Mountain True Monarch, who was not someone she could handle.


 After all, at this time, Fairy Li Shan had yet to fully reconcile with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “What do you think?”


 Hei Lou Lan snorted, thoughts churning in her mind: “Purple Mountain True Monarch actually knows my secret, he indeed has vast powers and is unfathomable! Fortunately, we have set an agreement with Fang Yuan... but Fang Yuan is really scheming, no matter how important self strength Immortal Gu is, it is only a rank six Immortal Gu, how could it be traded for my attitude Gu? Hmph!”


 Hei Lou Lan immediately refused Fang Yuan’s suggestion: “My attitude Gu is a rank eight Immortal Gu. As long as it is someone with a thinking mind, they can wear it and use it! It is a legendary Gu worm recorded in the >. You are actually thinking of using the rank six self strength Immortal Gu to trade for my attitude Gu. Hehe, aren’t you daydreaming!!”


 Fang Yuan pondered it before speaking: “Then how will you trade for it?”


 “Not trading!” Hei Lou Lan immediately replied firmly.


 Fang Yuan’s expression sank, letting out a dangerous aura: “Hei Lou Lan, think properly... I will remind you this is my territory, my Hu Immortal blessed land.”


 Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly: “Hahaha, so what? Don’t forget the agreement between us, it has not ended yet, allies cannot attack each other.”


 “Of course!” Hei Lou Lan added, “You have your master’s backing, maybe you have already undone your restrictions. But do you think I, Hei Lou Lan, am afraid of death?”


 “You underestimate me too much! Even if I die here, I will destroy all my Gu worms before I die. Also, I know all about the resources that are in your Hu Immortal blessed land. After the battle, how many of these resources will remain? Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Landscape as Before cannot restore these resources.”


 Fang Yuan could not help but laugh.


 In his previous life, he had threatened Blazing Heaven Demoness by showing a fearless stance towards death. This life, after he was reborn, Hei Lou Lan was using the same method to pressure him, and he similarly had to accept and go along with it.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, laughing and clapping: “Hei Lou Lan, I wouldn’t dare to underestimate you, it was only a joke.”


 “Using a rank six Immortal Gu in exchange for a rank eight, your joke only reveals your greed and stupidity!” Hei Lou Lan coldly berated, without giving any face to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered with sharp light: “Then I will add some more on the table, how about I give up in contesting for Star Form blessed land?”


 Hei Lou Lan shook her head: “Giving up in contesting for it? Even if you hand over both Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land to me, I won’t trade it. Attitude Gu is not only a rank eight Immortal Gu, the requirements to use it are very minimal, it doesn’t need immortal essence and only consumes mental energy. That means, even I, a rank six Gu Immortal, can use this rank eight Immortal Gu. This kind of Immortal Gu is a peerless treasure, I absolute won’t give it up! Don’t mention trading for it! Fang Yuan, you are a smart person, you won’t make useless efforts, right?”


 Fang Yuan nodded, sighing.


 “I understand. Then I shall take a step back, I want to use self strength Immortal Gu to exchange for your slavery Immortal Gu.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyebrows raised.


 She had a slavery Immortal Gu, she had obtained it during the final moments in Imperial Court blessed land, after deceiving Giant Sun’s will.


 Hei Lou Lan sank into silence, Fang Yuan’s offer enticed her.


 As far as she was concerned, self strength Immortal Gu’s value was undoubtedly far above slavery Immortal Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan gazed at Fang Yuan’s eyes: “My slavery Immortal Gu is only rank six. You are using rank six in exchange for rank six, this is feasible. But slavery Immortal Gu cannot be used repeatedly, it can only be used once. Trading Self Strength for Slavery, don’t you think you are losing out?”


 “Yes, there is some loss.” Fang Yuan laughed, before raising a finger: “So I still have a condition, I want to borrow attitude Gu for some time.”


 Hei Lou Lan did not reply, sinking into silence.


 Fang Yuan was trying all kinds of methods to borrow attitude Gu, this made her acutely sense the importance of attitude Gu to Fang Yuan.


 However, how much importance it had, Hei Lou Lan was not too sure, she needed to probe.


 Therefore, she refused: “I will not lend attitude Gu.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression sank: “Then forget it.”


 He then turned around, leaving.


 Hei Lou Lan stood at her spot, watching coldly without moving.


 Fang Yuan moved several steps before stopping, turning around with a bitter smile as he faced Hei Lou Lan again: “I only want to borrow attitude Gu for three years.”


 “Three years? I wouldn’t agree even if it was three days!” Hei Lou Lan’s expression was cold and ruthless, internally, however, she was excited. She saw an opportunity to rip off Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan’s concealment was good, but she was in the end still young, and Fang Yuan was an old monster who had lived hundreds of years.


 Fang Yuan gave a displeased snort, how could he not know Hei Lou Lan’s current thoughts.


 He threw out his trump card: “It seems you don’t want revenge. You have such a good opportunity in front of you to kill Hei Cheng. But it feels like you don’t want it.”


 “What? Hei Cheng!” Hei Lou Lan’s eyes flashed with a ferocious glint, her expression fluctuating.


 Although Hei Cheng was her own father, the hatred between them was so great, she would not rest until he was dead.


 Killing Hei Cheng and taking revenge was already the greatest obsession of Hei Lou Lan.


 This obsession was so deep that it had affected her cultivation, becoming a permanent scar in her mind.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Hei Lou Lan had killed Hei Cheng, got back the self strength Immortal Gu, dispelled the scar in her mind, and found her ‘self’, so when she activated strength path phantoms, they turned into her appearance, and not the brawny burly man.



***
Chapter 975 - New Alliance Agreement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The negotiation with Hei Lou Lan lasted for six hours.


 After it ended, even Fang Yuan with his immortal zombie body felt extremely exhausted, his pitiful immortal zombie mind could not think on its own easily, who knew how many thoughts he wasted in the process.


 Hei Lou Lan also wasn’t better off, she felt this negotiation was much more exhausting than an intense battle of life and death, a feeling of weakness emitted from deep within her, her tongue went dry and she was feeling dizzy.


 After the negotiation, Fang Yuan brought over Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and formed a new agreement with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.


 Fang Yuan handed over self strength Immortal Gu, trading for Hei Lou Lan’s slavery Immortal Gu, as well as borrowing attitude Gu for one year.


 Fang Yuan also had to provide an opportunity to kill Hei Cheng for Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.


 As for Star Form blessed land, everyone would continue to participate fairly.


 Besides these, Fang Yuan also obtained Hei Lou Lan’s consent to connect their luck.


 The new agreement was tightly linked together in all aspects, even Fairy Li Shan with her information path quasi-great grandmaster attainment would need to spend several years to break the agreement. More importantly, it also took account of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 There was a condition inside that stated more allies could be added, but the new allies must follow the agreement.


 Moreover, both sides could not get the help of external forces to target each other. Both sides would also have a one time opportunity to request for support, and once used, the other side must be assisted! The compensation after the matter would be calculated according to the specific situation.


 The agreement was extremely stringent, the division of profits was stipulated in detail. Fang Yuan used Hei Lou Lan’s apprehension towards Purple Mountain True Monarch, and his previous life’s memories, to reach his goal.


 One who could only fight was no more than a boor.


 Battles could not resolve all issues.


 Man is the spirit of all livings beings, humans possessed great wisdom. If they used this wisdom only to fight, they would be letting down this gift from heaven.


 After the agreement was made, Fang Yuan’s situation had changed greatly.


 First of all, Hei Lou Lan was Fairy Black Moon, with vigorous luck that would not decline for a long time. Fang Yuan connected his luck with hers, offsetting Spring Autumn Cicada’s flaw.


 Second, he was able to borrow the rank eight attitude Gu. This Immortal Gu was used in the past by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was the core Gu of the legendary immortal killer move — Familiar Face.


 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had only been rank six Gu Immortal, but by using this killer move, he deceived two rank eight Gu Immortals in a row, obtaining large amounts of treasures as well as causing the two rank eight Gu Immortals to misunderstand each other, indirectly causing their deaths.


 Fang Yuan had lost change form Immortal Gu, but obtained attitude Gu, which was countless times better!


 His improved vaguely familiar face killer move’s effect would be sharply increased to an astonishing level. Fang Yuan was now confident of deceiving even rank eight Gu Immortals!


 Lastly was Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 In his previous life, Blazing Heaven Demoness, this rank eight Gu Immortal, had schemed against Fang Yuan. This life, Fang Yuan had reached a new agreement with Fairy Li Shan and others, which could be taken as stopping Blazing Heaven Demoness’ scheme early.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ guilt and affection towards Hei Lou Lan was her biggest weakness. Fang Yuan was planning to “inadvertently” make use of Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Even if Blazing Heaven Demoness did not join the new alliance, when Hei Lou Lan falls into a predicament while assisting Fang Yuan, could Blazing Heaven Demoness do nothing?


 It could be said that Hei Lou Lan was the best tool to control Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 “Hei Lou Lan’s side is no longer an obstacle to me. After turning enemies into allies, my plans should now go much more smoothly. But Hei Lou Lan and the others are extremely shrewd, they are not easy to fool. They are now very satisfied with this new alliance agreement, but they will slowly realize the enormous advantage I am holding. At that time, they will definitely be displeased and may even try to go against me.”


 Because of his previous life’s memories, Fang Yuan was able to gain the advantage. But he had not removed his vigilance against Hei Lou Lan’s side.


 “Wait until I possess Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, then the course will be set, the contrast between the strength of our sides will be overturned. Even if Hei Lou Lan’s side is unsatisfied, they won’t be able to create any problems.”


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate on giving up self strength Immortal Gu, it was because he was planning for the Immortal Gu House, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, and the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 With self strength Immortal Gu, he would only have the first style of myriad self, at best, his strength would only be rank seven.


 But with the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan did not need to fear even rank eights, easily advancing or retreating.


 After obtaining attitude Gu, Fang Yuan stored it in his own immortal aperture and moved to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit was extremely surprised, asking: “So quickly? You got what I wanted?”


 “No.” Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression immediately turned gloomy, shouting coldly: “Fang Yuan, you brat, are you disregarding my words? Before you left last time, I told you Lang Ya blessed land is not a place for you to come whenever you want! If you don’t have the immortal material I want, then don’t come bothering me. I won’t agree to any of your requests.”


 “Is that so?” Fang Yuan chuckled, his attitude calm, “What if I want to use my final opportunity to request you to refine Gu for me?”


 “Ah.” Lang Ya land spirit was staring blankly, lost for words.


 Fang Yuan had stolen Ma Hong Yun’s fortuitous encounter, arriving at Lang Ya blessed land with the identity of an inheritor of Thieving Heaven.


 Because Long Hair Ancestor had made an agreement with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Lang Ya land spirit had to refine Gu three times for Fang Yuan without any costs.


 If refining mortal Gu, Lang Ya land spirit must guarantee the success of the Gu refinement. If refining Immortal Gu, Lang Ya land spirit could fail, but the materials for the Gu refinement must come from his own pockets.


 Fang Yuan had used two opportunities.


 The first was to refine stargate Gu, although this Gu worm was only a mortal Gu, it had provided huge help to Fang Yuan at that time.


 The second was to refine second aperture Gu, during the Gu refinement process, Fang Yuan drank four types of fine wines, obtaining divine travel Gu. Finally, he used divine travel Gu to trade for gruel mud Immortal Gu from Lang Ya land spirit.


 Thus, Fang Yuan only had one remaining opportunity to request Gu refinement.


 Lang Ya land spirit said sternly: “Kid, what Gu do you want to refine?”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, patting Lang Ya land spirit’s shoulder: “I only said ‘if’, I don’t truly want to waste the third opportunity now.”


 Lang Ya land spirit snorted, brushing away Fang Yuan’s hand, and dusting off his clothing with extremely dislike.


 But in the end, he did not speak anymore.


 As long as Fang Yuan did not use his final opportunity, he could casually enter Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit knew this was Fang Yuan’s warning towards him, even a verbal attack. But he was unable to do anything about it, so he felt very displeased.


 “If you don’t want to use the final chance, then leave quickly!” Lang Ya land spirit said, displeased.


 Fang Yuan unconcernedly shrugged his shoulders: “Although I did not get the immortal material you mentioned, but I brought this. Take a look.”


 The corners of Lang Ya land spirit’s lips curled up: “Brat, you want to deceive me? Hmph, you think immortal materials can easily substitute for each other? I cannot...”


 He suddenly stopped speaking.


 His eyes flew wide open, his gaze intensified sharply as it fixed upon the immortal material in Fang Yuan’s hand.


 This immortal material naturally was not a simple one, it was a rank eight immortal material Fang Yuan had picked up inside the Gu formation in Earth Trench!


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes were captivated.


 “This... this... this... looks like fragment of the immemorial desolate beast cloud phoenix’s body!” Lang Ya land spirit stuttered in an incredulous tone.


 Fang Yuan gave a thumbs up: “As expected of Lang Ya land spirit, you are correct. After I obtained this immortal material, I had to spend some effort before I found out its origin.”


 As he said this, Fang Yuan handed this immortal material to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not restrain himself, he quickly stretched his hand, grabbing the immortal material and put it in front of his eyes, examining carefully.


 “Good stuff, good stuff.”


 “Sure enough, it is a fragment of a cloud phoenix, this is a rare object!”


 “What dogshit luck do you have, to actually get such a treasure!”


 Lang Ya land spirit muttered non-stop, he was extremely enticed, and his gaze looked somewhat infatuated.


 No matter which Lang Ya land spirit it was, they both originated from Long Hair Ancestor.


 Long Hair Ancestor excelled in Gu refinement, and was also infatuated with it. Lang Ya land spirit had also inherited this nature.


 Right now, as Lang Ya land spirit looked at this rank eight immortal material, his thoughts started to fluctuate. He had bitterly sought for such immortal materials, but had not found them, if he had this, the gaps in materials for a lot of Immortal Gu recipes could be filled up. The Gu refinement materials for one or two Immortal Gu would even be collected entirely, and the Gu refinement could begin immediately!


 Lang Ya land spirit had already stopped paying attention to Fang Yuan, his gaze was tightly fixed at the cloud phoenix’s fragment, inspecting it from all directions. He was almost salivating!


 Even in Lang Ya blessed land, there were very few rank eight immortal materials.


 Why?


 It was simple, they were hard to gather!


 Like this cloud phoenix’s fragment, its main body was an immemorial desolate beast cloud phoenix! This cloud phoenix was extremely powerful, able to match rank eight Gu Immortals.


 To gather this immortal material, normally speaking, one had to kill the cloud phoenix. Gu Immortals were few in numbers, rank eight Gu Immortals were even fewer, only a handful of them existed. They had to consider their tribulations and their own safety, and would not easily start a battle. Unless they had some specific demands, there would be extremely few rank eight immortal materials entering the market.


 This was also the reason why Fang Yuan had only put two immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven, yet he was easily able to trade for all kinds of food for Immortal Gu.


 Even Lang Ya land spirit’s main body, Long Hair Ancestor, did not have too much capability to personally gather rank eight immortal materials.


 One of the reasons he agreed to refine Gu for Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was to borrow the strength of the rank nine venerables to gather rank eight immortal materials.


 Fang Yuan saw Lang Ya land spirit’s expression, and smiled, he then took out another rank eight immortal material, and intentionally asked: “Lang Ya land spirit, help me check the origins of this immortal material.”


 “Ahhh!!” Lang Ya land spirit raised his head to take a glance, immediately letting out a loud and shocked scream.


 His eyes were wild with joy: “Heavens, isn’t this the wing of a tiger-striped honey bee? Look, such beautiful lights from dao marks. The metal path dao marks on this wing are so dense that we can see the light from the dao marks with our naked eyes!!”


 “Brat, how could you obtain something of this level!? It simply angers me to death, I searched so hard for so many years, but even I have barely over twenty of them. They are so precious that I am not willing to use them!!”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “What if I say I picked them up, do you believe me?”


 Saying this, he immediately took back the cloud phoenix’s fragment from Lang Ya land spirit’s hand.


 Lang Ya land spirit was caught unprepared, and after he reacted, he gave a miserable howl, feeling like a piece of his heart had been cut out.


 He stamped his foot and shouted: “What are you doing?!”


 “Doing what?” Fang Yuan had a baffled expression, “This belongs to me, are you thinking of stealing it?”


 Lang Ya land spirit stiffened, he was not able to retort and could only glare at Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 976 - Familiar Face


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya land spirit looked straight into Fang Yuan’s eyes, unsure of what to say.


 These immortal materials were Fang Yuan’s, he was so anxious that he almost scratched his own head.


 Fang Yuan looked at Lang Ya land spirit with a smile, not matter how bad Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude towards him was, as long as these immortal materials were with him, he seemed to have taken hold of Lang Ya land spirit’s weakness.


 Suddenly, Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes turned, and he quickly reacted.


 He was no longer anxious, instead sneering: “Hmph, brat, do I still not know you? You swindler, you don’t do anything without benefits! Speak, what advantage you want to take from me?”


 Fang Yuan pretended to be unhappy: “Your words are really wrong. I didn’t come to take advantage of you, but to do a fair transaction with you.”


 “Hehe.” Lang Ya land spirit was already somewhat prepared for Fang Yuan’s shamelessness, “Speak up, don’t talk in a roundabout way.”


 Fang Yuan drooped his eyelids, staring at the immortal materials in his hands: “Since you are so forthright, then I will speak directly. Can I ask if you have the immortal killer move familiar face?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was stunned before asking back: “How did you know I have Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s signature killer move?”


 Fang Yuan was inwardly joyous, Lang Ya land spirit indeed had it!


 He had only made a guess about this.


 Thinking of the past, Lang Ya land spirit lacked a desolate beast and wanted Fang Yuan to grab a living one, using the mortal killer move unfamiliar face as a reward to tempt Fang Yuan.


 Back then, when they had been discussing, Fang Yuan had asked about familiar face and Lang Ya land spirit’s original words were:


 “Familiar face? You are really daring! That is an immortal killer move, the core Gu is the legendary attitude Gu. Even if I give it to you, you will not be able to use it. But this killer move of mine has a huge relationship with familiar face, it can be said to be the former version of it, this is a mortal killer move and is suitable for you to use.”


 Land spirits were simple and would not tell lies.


 Lang Ya land spirit had not said that he did not have familiar face, he had only said that even if he gave it to Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan would not be able to use it.


 But Fang Yuan now already had attitude Gu with him.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had deceived two rank eight Gu Immortals with his rank six cultivation in his time.


 Fang Yuan should also be able to do it!


 “Looking back over that time, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable sought out my main body to refine space escape Gu. My main body also had been interested and worked an entire twenty-one years with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. This duration was according to the time of the five regions, when calculated with Lang Ya grotto-heaven’s time, it would be even longer!”


 Lang Ya land spirit recalled those eventful years with a nostalgic expression.


 He paused for a moment, before continuing: “In these twenty-one years, my main body and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable made many attempts, but they all failed. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s accumulated savings were spent, and even my main body’s treasury was used. My main body naturally would not accept making a loss, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had to bring out his resources to buy immortal materials from my main body. Unfamiliar face, vaguely familiar face and familiar face, this set of killer moves was one of them.”


 “So it was like that.” Fang Yuan nodded, engraving this information in his mind.


 Lang Ya blessed land indeed had deep foundations, actually having Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s possessions.


 A person’s wealth is their own ruin, no wonder Shadow Sect targeted them, and even Heavenly Court also attacked.


 Fang Yuan had also been eyeing this land of treasures, but his strength was simply not enough, and rashly attacking would only cause trouble for himself.


 “Brat, what do you want familiar face for? Hehehe, did you experience the benefits of unfamiliar face? My things are all of top quality. But unfamiliar face is only a mortal killer move, it indeed is not suitable for your current cultivation.” Lang Ya land spirit laughed.


 Fang Yuan spoke frankly: “I want to exchange a rank eight immortal material for familiar face.”


 Lang Ya land spirit had still been laughing, but the next moment his laughter turned into anger: “Brat, you really think I am stupid? You want to use a rank eight immortal material to buy Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s signature killer move? Keep on dreaming!”


 Fang Yuan did not mind it, and asked with a warm attitude: “Then what’s your price?”


 “Ten rank eight immortal materials!”


 This time, it was Fang Yuan’s turn to change his expression: “Impossible! How could I have so many in my hands? Do you really think I picked them up?!”


 He cried out in seeming seriousness, lying brazenly.


 Lang Ya land spirit was in the dark.


 He sheepishly smiled: “Then eight?”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were wide open as he shouted: “Eight?! You are robbing me! Back then, you told me yourself that familiar face’s core Immortal Gu is attitude Gu! Without attitude Gu, familiar face simply cannot be used. I am only trying to use it as reference, to make my own deductions and create an immortal killer move suitable for myself. You think I will use eight whole immortal materials in exchange for merely familiar face?!”


 Fang Yuan’s saliva flew out as he shouted, landing on Lang Ya land spirit’s face.


 Lang Ya land spirit looked embarrassed, retreating a few steps.


 He had been tricked many times by Fang Yuan, and had learned to bargain. But clearly, his experience was still not enough, and he was stumped by a few words from Fang Yuan.


 In the end, Lang Ya land spirit’s existence was only an obsession formed by heavenly power. They were extremely simple, Lang Ya land spirit being able to reach this stage was already extraordinary.


 Fang Yuan continued to lower the price loudly with ragged breathing. According to him, familiar face had already been degraded in value to being of no worth whatsoever, while the rank eight immortal materials’ rarity and value were emphasized and enhanced countless times.


 Lang Ya land spirit was unable to hold his own, and kept taking steps back in defeat.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life of five hundred years, he had worked as a merchant. He ran a merchant caravan and built stores, earning a huge fortune, but in the end it was destroyed in just one day, breaking his habitual thought processes from Earth, and he comprehended the logic that this world was different from Earth, it was a world where the fist was strongest!


 Fang Yuan finally reduced the price to five immortal materials.


 This was the limit.


 If he tried to reduce it any further, Lang Ya land spirit would not sell familiar face.


 Land spirits were simple but stubborn. However, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s signature move was indeed worth this much at the minimum!


 Lang Ya land spirit would not make a loss, he had calculated internally, at most he could say he had sold it at base price.


 Fang Yuan knew he could not change the outcome, immediately paying five immortal materials and getting possession of familiar face.


 Success!


 The joy Fang Yuan felt was hard to describe.


 Although he could use the light of wisdom, it would be extremely difficult to deduce familiar face. His wisdom path attainment was grandmaster level, but his transformation path attainment was merely at master level. And the ‘familiar’ series were transformation path killer moves.


 “Even if I could deduce it, it won’t be the same. But now what I have is the original familiar face, which contains its full contents without any flaws!”


 Fang Yuan had no mood to keep staying, and left immediately.


 He returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, and started to carefully study the immortal killer move.


 There was only one core of familiar face, that was the rank eight attitude Gu. This move fully utilized the might of attitude Gu, one could say attitude Gu was the essence of this move, and without it, no matter which other Immortal Gu was added, it would be hard to display the profound capability of familiar face.


 Besides attitude Gu, familiar face had over twenty supplementary Gu. Among them were two Immortal Gu, including change form Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had failed in refining Change Form, while he did not even have the Immortal Gu recipe of the second Immortal Gu. This was the only blemish in this otherwise perfect matter.


 “It seems that in the past, when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was at rank six, he possessed these two supplementary Immortal Gu.”


 Shortly afterwards, Fang Yuan entered the underground cavern and used the light of wisdom, continuously consuming large amounts of star thoughts as he began modifying the immortal killer move familiar face.


 Several days later, he succeeded.


 The two supplementary Immortal Gu were removed, about a thousand mortal Gu were added in, barely replacing the effect of the two Immortal Gu.


 With this, the activation of Fang Yuan’s modified familiar face was over ten times slower and more complicated.


 The original familiar face only had over twenty Gu worms, even including attitude Gu, it did not reach thirty. The fewer the Gu worms, the simpler and faster the process of activation.


 After Fang Yuan’s modification, the number of Gu worms was over a thousand, their activation naturally was not as fast and convenient as the original.


 This was something he had no other way to deal with.


 Fang Yuan tried activating the modified familiar face.


 The result of the test made him quite satisfied.


 The modified familiar face could show sixty percent of the original’s capability. The two supplementary Immortal Gu had been replaced with a thousand mortal Gu, being able to reach this point was already extremely exceptional.


 It was just that the activation was very slow and required about an hour.


 This was not of much importance, after all, familiar face was not used for battle.


 “In my previous life, I refined change form Immortal Gu and used it as the core to form the modified vaguely familiar face. Now, I have this modified familiar face where the effect is over a hundred times better! I can completely deceive rank seven Gu Immortals, while the specific situation needs to be assessed for rank eight Gu Immortals.” Fang Yuan inwardly calculated.


 The killer move familiar face was exquisite beyond compare, especially the attitude Gu at its core, causing Fang Yuan’s transformation to not be a transformation of surface appearance, but directly affecting others’ minds.


 Even if Fang Yuan transformed into a stranger, if the enemy was affected by this move, they would feel Fang Yuan was a long lost friend, or have a warm impression, or feel intense familiarity.


 After gaining familiar face, Fang Yuan spent some time to practice every day.


 Although attitude Gu was at rank eight, its requirements for activation were very low, only using up mental energy, not using up any immortal essence.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s practice did not cost much.


 As he became more accustomed, the time taken to activate familiar face reduced to half of the original one hour.


 “The preparations are done. Now, I will have to wait for Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tribulation.” Fang Yuan settled down, staying in Hu Immortal blessed land and occasionally traveling back and forth from that small village which had the spring dream fruit tree.


 He continuously refined dream path mortal Gu, and used these Gu to pick up large numbers of spring dream fruits.


 As time passed, his injuries gradually turned better, and finally it was the day of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tribulation.



***
Chapter 977 - Slavery Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In a green heaven fragment world within Western Desert.


 The sky was green, the wind that would not stop in all four seasons was blowing gently.


 A pure white and vast city was stably floating in the air, letting out faint golden radiance.


 At present, humans were the rulers of the world. The variant human races, who once were dominant, were already hiding in corners of the world, surviving with difficulty.


 And this green heaven fragment world was the paradise for a group of one of the races of variant humans, the feathermen.


 Immortal Gu House Sacred Feather City was the strongest headquarters of these featherman descendants.


 Right now, rainbow flags were hanging in Sacred Feather City, cheers and shouts could be heard everywhere.


 All the feathermen were calling the same name.


 “Yu Fei!”


 “Yu Fei!”


 “Yu Fei!”


 The featherman king had passed away, according to their customs, it was time to select the new featherman king through battles.


 And just a while ago, the battle had concluded.


 The most popular candidate, the featherman prince Dan Yu, had actually lost. While the ordinary citizen, the black haired youngster Yu Fei, had obtained the final victory.


 “I, Yu Fei, have finally realized my life’s dream, I have become the featherman king!” Yu Fei was severely injured, but it did not bother him, as he raised his head and laughed heartily.


 He stretched his arms as well as his wings, enjoying everyone’s cheers.


 He grinned from ear to ear, and his mouth was opened wide, revealing his gums.


 “This new featherman king is quite unique, he is quite different from the other kings.”


 “Hehehe, he is an interesting fellow.”


 “It seems that he has quite the ambition, he wants to expand the territory of us feathermen. But after he becomes the featherman king, he should become more mature.”


 Behind the scenes, three featherman Gu Immortals were communicating with each other, wearing smiles on their faces.


 But right at this moment, a powerful attack suddenly hit this peaceful city!


 Boom!!!


 The enormous explosion shook the entirety of Sacred Feather City.


 “Painful, painful, painful!” Yu Fei was caught off guard, he lost his balance and crashed onto the ground, rolling around in the process.


 “Quickly look, this, this is?!” The feathermen at the front saw something amiss, they pointed at the sky and stammered in fear, they could not speak.


 Immediately after, most of the feathermen raised their heads, they were shocked to find out that above them, in the green sky, there was a huge crack!


 From the crack, several figures descended like demonic gods.


 The three featherman Gu Immortals in Sacred Feather City had already reacted, they were startled to awareness as they flew towards the sky.


 They appeared to face the invading enemies while shouting to their featherman citizens.


 “Be careful, there is a strong enemy attacking!!”


 “Quick, sound the alarms, defend our homeland!”


 “Gu Masters assemble, go to the formation cores and activate the defenses of Sacred Feather City!”


 The entire city was in chaos, fear was spreading.


 Sacred Feather City had been peaceful for too long, they had no competition with the outside world, it was like life inside a utopia. This caused their defenses to be very lax, and with the crowning of a new king, the non-militarized feathermen could not respond properly.


 The enemy had come in with such momentum, the three featherman Gu Immortals were grim-faced, but they held a hope as they tried to negotiate peacefully.


 But the command from the enemy’s leader, White Sea Shatuo, destroyed the three featherman Gu Immortals’ hopes.


 This old Gu Immortal’s eyes were extremely apathetic, as he commanded: “Attack!”


 The three featherman Gu Immortals were no match for them, and could only retreat to the Immortal Gu House Sacred Feather City and defend.


 Sacred Feather City was besieged from all directions by the Western Desert’s immortals, battlefield killer moves followed one after the other, as they covered the whole area. Countless mortal killer moves and immortal killer moves impacted the Immortal Gu House, creating grand fireworks.


 White Sea Shatuo had clearly come prepared, as his methods immobilized Sacred Feather City.


 Sacred Feather City seemed like it had sunk into a mire, it would be difficult for it to get free in a short period of time.


 The feathermen had lived in peace for very long time and now they were suddenly thrusted into a life and death battle, they were not able to cope in time. The three immortals were also the same, thus losing the best chance to escape.


 Two days later.


 Boom!


 A bolt of lightning shot out and struck a section of the wall of Sacred Feather City.


 The city wall immediately crumbled, and shortly dispersed into countless Gu worm fragments.


 None of the featherman Gu Masters defending the city wall were able to escape, their dead bodies covered the ground.


 Dust clouds rose, from within, a slight trace of green light suddenly flashed.


 “Damn it!” The battle had already lasted for two days and two days, the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong’s eyes were bloodshot.


 He saw the destroyed city wall, their defense had a flaw now, thus he immediately flew to guard it.


 Immortal Gu Houses were essentially formed from countless Gu worms. This destroyed city wall meant all the Gu worms in it had died, and it was like a hole had been opened in the Immortal Gu House.


 This was like a boat with holes, its defense had reduced by a large extent. If the enemies pierced through it and took the chance to enlarge this hole, the whole Immortal Gu House could be destroyed in the end!


 Right now, although the hole was small, it absolutely could not be ignored and allowed to be enlarged. Zhou Zhong quickly hurried to block the hole, buying crucial time for the Immortal Gu House’s self-recovery.


 However, just when Zhou Zhong had arrived, he heard a sinister laugh: “Hehehe, you have fallen into the trap.”


 Suddenly, two figures appeared at his sides, flanking him in the middle.


 The portion of the Sacred Feather City that had collapsed had already formed a gap which allowed the two Gu Immortals to enter.


 “Scoundrels!” Zhou Zhong was extremely furious and panicked, as he counterattacked. But he had lost the initiative, and after several rounds, he was severely injured and on the verge of death.


 “Bind!” From outside the city, a Western Desert Gu Immortal got close and suddenly activated his immortal killer move.


 Instantly, Zhou Zhong could not budge an inch, like he was bound all over.


 The two Gu Immortals beside him laughed sinisterly, as they struck Zhou Zhong’s chest.


 Zhou Zhong spat out huge amounts of blood and was sent flying back like a cannon, crashing through countless constructions on the way before finally laying down motionless on a pile of rubble.


 His body shook slightly as he struggled with all his strength.


 However, the killer move’s effect was still there, making him unable to move.


 Those two Gu Immortals came rushing over; Zhou Zhong could not help but feel despair.


 “Zhou Zhong, hold on, I am coming!” At the crucial moment, a stalwart figure stood in front of Zhou Zhong.


 The strongest expert in the featherman city, first supreme elder!


 Even by collaborating, the two Western Desert Gu Immortals were unable to match the first supreme elder’s strength.


 This supreme elder’s cultivation level was almost at the peak of rank seven. Right now, as he attacked in anger, his might burst out, it was overwhelming!


 The two Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were unable to attack back, and were soon injured heavily, they quickly retreated back to the hole.


 The final featherman Gu Immortal, Zheng Ling, was controlling the Immortal Gu House to quickly repair the hole as quickly as possible.


 The hole was already eighty percent restored and was getting increasingly smaller.


 The two Western Desert Gu Immortals hurried to the hole in the Immortal Gu House, but were unable to escape. They would have to stay and enlarge the hole slightly.


 However, at this critical juncture, every second was extremely important. The Western Desert Gu Immortals simply did not have the time to attack the hole.


 “Zheng Ling, great work!” The featherman first supreme elder was joyous.


 Right now, the Immortal Gu House was continuously being repaired, and the situation had already become such that the enemies were trapped inside, waiting to be attacked.


 Once they kill these two Western Desert Gu Immortals, the featherman tribe’s morale would surely be uplifted greatly. The enemies would be shaken and no one would dare to rashly charge into the Immortal Gu House anymore.


 But right as the featherman first supreme elder was about to kill the two Western Desert Gu Immortals, a shocking change occurred.


 The two Western Desert Gu Immortals no longer had panicked expressions, instead replaced by a smile, as if they had a plot which succeeded.


 At the same time, four Western Desert Gu Immortals appeared beside the featherman first supreme elder.


 “Our true target is you! You will die!!” The leading Gu Immortal was actually White Sea Shatuo!


 At this moment, his aura erupted and surged, and overwhelming might burst out, revealing rank eight cultivation level!


 The featherman first supreme elder paled in fear, the moment of carelessness had sent him into a dangerous situation.


 “Damn it!” The rank seven featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling, who was controlling the Immortal Gu House, was extremely anxious, activating the Immortal Gu House quickly.


 Both sides were focused in this peripheral area of the Immortal Gu House, this crucial battlefield.


 “Old ancestor, are you alright?” Yu Fei shouted as he moved towards the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong, who was lying on the ground motionlessly.


 Zhou Zhong was struck by the immortal killer move and its effect had yet to dissipate, thus he was still unable to move from the rubble.


 “The newly crowned featherman king...” Zhou Zhong sighed as he looked at Yu Fei.


 He transmitted his voice: “Leave quickly, the battle here is not something you can participate in.”


 But Yu Fei ignored it, flying towards Zhou Zhong’s side and activating mortal Gu: “Old ancestor, I will save you!”


 Zhou Zhong appreciated Yu Fei’s bravery, feeling moved, but also helplessness.


 There were countless injuries on his body, all inflicted by immortal killer moves, the injuries were filled with dao marks, how could they be healed by ordinary mortal Gu?


 “Huh?!” But the next moment, Zhou Zhong’s eyes protruded out, as he stared at ‘Yu Fei’.


 “You are not Yu Fei, you...” Zhou Zhong tried to cry out furiously, wanting to resist, but he could not budge.


 Before he could even alarm others, Fang Yuan had sealed his voice.


 The moment when there was a gap in the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan had used Fixed Immortal Travel to travel here from Northern Plains.


 The Immortal Gu House’s control near the hole had fallen to almost nil, Fang Yuan was thus not detected by anyone.


 He then waited for a chance, and taking advantage of when the two sides were in an intense battle, with their attention focused on the key battlefield, he immediately made a move, disguising himself as Yu Fei, and was able to smoothly approach Zhou Zhong.


 Right now, he was silently activating slavery Immortal Gu!


 Zhou Zhong resisted intensely, his resistance kept on increasing. But after a while, all his resistance suddenly disappeared, as he was turned into Fang Yuan’s slave!


 In an instant, he turned to Fang Yuan’s side.


 “I finally succeeded.” Fang Yuan was completely exhausted.


 Shortly after, he gave a command to Zhou Zhong: “Go replace Zheng Ling to take control of the entirety of Sacred Feather City.”


 “Yes, master.” Zhou Zhong moved his heavily injured body, flying towards the center of Sacred Feather City.


 “Elder Zheng Ling, go reinforce first supreme elder. I will control the Immortal Gu House!” Zhou Zhong called out.


 Zheng Ling was joyous, the featherman first supreme elder’s situation was already extremely bad. Although he was controlling the Immortal Gu House, the entirety of Sacred Feather City was already immobilized by the enemy, as such, it was not able to display its true power.


 Instead of using Sacred Feather City’s power, it was better for him to go in person to reinforce the first supreme elder.


 “Are your injuries okay?” Zheng Ling was about to move, but hesitated.


 “Quickly go! At this point, even if I die, I will guard the Immortal Gu House.” Zhou Zhong shouted, his whole body bathed in blood.


 “Alright, I am leaving. Hang in there!!” Zheng Ling nodded, and turned into a bolt of lightning as he left.



***
Chapter 978 - Subduing the Feathermen


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bam bam bam!


 Continuous explosions resounded like thunder.


 Every explosion shook the whole of Sacred Feather City.


 Fang Yuan was standing within ruins, hiding inside the rolling dust and dirt as the entirety of Sacred Feather City shook.


 “Enslaving a Gu Immortal is indeed countless times more difficult than enslaving beast groups!” Fang Yuan felt the pressure on his soul.


 Enslaving other life forms created a burden on the Gu Master.


 Back in Northern Plains, during the contest for the imperial court, Fang Yuan had commanded tens of thousands of beasts, but it was not that he had enslaved all of them, rather, through enslaving myriad beast kings, thousand beast kings and hundred beast kings, he had been indirectly controlling the whole beast army.


 Man is the spirit of all livings beings, beasts did not have much intelligence, so Fang Yuan was able to enslave a lot of them.


 However, Zhou Zhong was completely different.


 Zhou Zhong had deep wisdom and intelligence, although enslaving him did not fail, it created an extremely huge burden on Fang Yuan’s soul.


 After all, Zhou Zhong was a Gu Immortal!


 Rank six slavery Immortal Gu could only enslave a rank six Gu Immortal.


 “It is also because Zhou Zhong is a featherman and not a human. His intelligence is inferior just by a bit, if I were to enslave a human Gu Immortal, I might have failed.”


 “I had cultivated soul path previously and have some foundation in regards to my soul. But this is only at the limits of mortal levels, and my foundation in it as a Gu Immortal is quite shallow. By enslaving Zhou Zhong, my soul has become heavily burdened, if my soul was like an energetic youth before, now I have turned into an old man with a heavy load on my back. With such a sharp reduction in strength, it would be good if I can display twenty percent of my ability.”


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.


 All the paths of Gu were broad and profound.


 So too was enslavement path.


 At Gu Immortal level, there were extraordinary abilities that laymen could not grasp.


 Simply put, Fang Yuan was a layman in enslavement path.


 He did not know of any enslavement path immortal killer moves, if he had, then in combination with slavery Immortal Gu, his current situation might have been much better.


 He was only able to use the slavery Immortal Gu superficially.


 But with his previous lives’ experiences, along with the help of the light of wisdom to deduce the plans, he was able to achieve a huge success.


 “Master, I have received control over Sacred Feather City. Zheng Ling has already moved towards the battle to support the first supreme elder.” Zhou Zhong’s voice suddenly resounded in Fang Yuan’s ears.


 Fang Yuan excitedly licked his lips, clenching his fists subconsciously.


 He send a command: “First, kill the real Yu Fei.”


 He now had Yu Fei’s appearance, the real Yu Fei was his greatest flaw.


 Shortly afterwards, Zhou Zhong’s voice arrived again: “Yu Fei is dead, turned into ashes.”


 At present, Zhou Zhong was the only one controlling Sacred Feather City alone, as such, this was accomplished easily.


 “Good, do all you can to control the Immortal Gu House and get away from the battle!” Fang Yuan sent another command.


 This time, it took a good while before Zhou Zhong’s weak voice arrived: “Forgive me, master, I was not able to do it. The whole Immortal Gu House is already locked in place by the enemies.”


 Fang Yuan snorted, a ferocious light flashing in his eyes.


 “So it is still like this.” He did not feel much disappointment.


 In his previous life, he had laid a trap which caused all the feathermen to suicide, and he was only able to obtain featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling’s soul.


 Zheng Ling had personally participated in the battle to defend Sacred Feather City, and not much time had passed, thus his memories were extremely clear.


 His soul was not like Xue Song Zi’s, which had been tampered with by a soul path expert, Fang Yuan could easily search his soul and obtain all his memories.


 It was these memories that let Fang Yuan feel like he had personally experienced the battle to defend Sacred Feather City.


 Thus, his timing was so precise, he could infiltrate the Immortal Gu House and take the opportunity when the two sides were in an intense battle to successfully enslave Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong.


 There were a lot of opportunities like this, but the best one was this.


 Zhou Zhong just happened to be restricted by an immortal killer move and was not able to budge, providing huge convenience to Fang Yuan.


 From Zheng Ling’s soul, Fang Yuan also knew this Immortal Gu House, Sacred Feather City, was locked down by the enemies and was unable to be moved.


 However, a person like Fang Yuan would absolutely not be reconciled to this, they would personally attempt it.


 The attempt indeed failed and he was unable to steal this Sacred Feather City. Fang Yuan could only choose the second best option, observing from the sidelines and letting the events continue to develop.


 Similarly to his previous life, Zhou Zhong carried his heavily injured body and controlled the Immortal Gu House with difficulty, freeing Zheng Ling from the duty.


 Zheng Ling hurried to reinforce the first supreme elder and had a huge fight with White Sea Shatuo and the rest.


 This huge fight was the most crucial fight of the battle to defend Sacred Feather City.


 The outcome of the fight was the same as Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 White Sea Shatuo and the rest were beaten back, and escaped through the gap in the wall. The first supreme elder was heavily injured and was on the verge of death after being targeted by the combined strength of the Western Desert Gu Immortals. As for Zheng Ling, his situation was slightly better.


 The battle ended, the Immortal Gu House was restored and there was no gaps anymore, its defense becoming perfect.


 However, the featherman first supreme elder’s injuries could not be healed and he died within the city.


 After losing their greatest battle strength, the two featherman Gu Immortals held on for a night, and seeing that nothing could be done, they resolutely decided to give up on the Immortal Gu House and leave this place.


 All the feathermen gathered together and activated the immortal killer move heavenly wish.


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, survive!”


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, gain freedom!”


 “I wish — my clan’s feathermen, have a place to live in the world!”


 The Western Desert Gu Immortals observed from the sidelines, letting the feathermen leave. Once the feathermen left, they could obtain the entire Immortal Gu House Sacred Feather City.


 It was the first time Fang Yuan experienced this heavenly wish.


 He felt a majestic and powerful white light engulfing him along with the rest of the feathermen, and transporting them through a white tunnel.


 He felt he was like a piece of wood dropped into a rapid whirlpool, as he was sent revolving round and round.


 After about five minutes, the surrounding white light suddenly disappeared and Fang Yuan found his footing once again.


 He was feeling extremely dizzy and almost fell to the ground.


 The surrounding mortal feathermen were already sprawled on the ground.


 Only the two featherman Gu Immortals, Zheng Ling and Zhou Zhong, were vigilantly standing.


 Fang Yuan inwardly shook his head at this : “It seems that after enslaving Zhou Zhong, my own battle strength is not worth any expectations.”


 “Where is this place?” The featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong scanned his surroundings.


 Zheng Ling’s expression changed rapidly: “Not good! This is a human Gu Immortal’s blessed land! We were treated as an earthly calamity and transported here.”


 With Tai Bai Yun Sheng at the lead, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan slowly flew towards the feathermen.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan helped Tai Bai Yun Sheng to pass the tribulation and did not invite them.


 But this life, Fang Yuan wanted to use this earthly calamity to intimidate them, so he invited them to help.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was expressionless, feeling both shocked and joyous internally: “Fang Yuan looked for me to tell me he could deduce this calamity and told me what to do. I did not dare to believe him then, but now it seems everything is just like what he said. I can definitely pass this earthly calamity!”


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were both inwardly shocked.


 Having a featherman calamity was rare and peculiar.


 But Fang Yuan had actually accurately predicted it, what did this mean?!


 One of the reasons it was difficult to pass heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities was that they could not be predicted.


 Fang Yuan now had this ability, which was simply like a divine weapon to pass tribulations! As long as they made specific preparations before the tribulation, the probability of successfully passing the tribulation would be raised by a terrifying degree!


 The featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 In his previous life, when he had seen Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he had a feeling of contempt.


 But now, the rank seven Fairy Li Shan, Hei Lou Lan with the Great Strength True Martial Physique and Tai Bai Yun Sheng arrived together, especially the unconcealed aura of Immortal Gu on them, they involuntarily brought huge mental pressure on Zheng Ling.


 There was nothing much to say after that.


 With Tai Bai Yun Sheng displaying the ability of landscape as before Immortal Gu, the featherman Gu Immortals’ threat towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture had become non-existent.


 In his previous life, just with Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, these feathermen had been duped over and over.


 This time, not only was there Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, Zhou Zhong and Yu Fei were also hidden traitors.


 After a duel, Zheng Ling was once again killed, but Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the others did not force the remaining feathermen.


 This was a mistake Fang Yuan had made last time.


 This time, he would not make it again.


 These feathermen were different from those feathermen sold in the markets. They lived in the immemorial green heaven fragment world, living on for generations in isolation from the rest of the world. They had the nature of the ancient feathermen, they would rather suicide than lose their freedom.


 Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not restrict them, instead negotiating with them deceptively.


 Under the lead of Zhou Zhong and ‘Yu Fei’, the feathermen moved to Star Form blessed land.


 With these feathermen, Fang Yuan’s development in Western Desert could reach a new stage, and his prospects were bright.


 This was not his only harvest.


 After the event, Hei Lou Lan indirectly asked him regarding the prediction of the calamity.


 Fang Yuan intentionally gave a bitter smile, asking back: “You think I have such an ability? Don’t forget, Purple Mountain True Monarch is my master, at the same time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is also his disciple.”


 Hei Lou Lan thought: “So it was indeed like this, this ability is too powerful, it is not something Fang Yuan can possess, so it was Purple Mountain True Monarch.”


 Unconsciously, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s apprehension towards Purple Mountain True Monarch deepened further.


 Fang Yuan was able to deal a heavy blow to them, this would be greatly beneficial to him in restricting Blazing Heaven Demoness in the future.


 It was only that after he enslaved Zhou Zhong, his soul’s burden had become very heavy, and there was much difficulty in even refining dream path mortal Gu.


 This intensified Fang Yuan’s desire towards Luo Po valley.


 Luo Po valley and Dang Hun Mountain, if he had both of them, then even if he was a layman in soul path, the foundation of his soul would increase rapidly!


 However, right now, it was still not the time to go to Luo Po valley.


 In his previous life, Hei Cheng’s soul had ended up in Hei Lou Lan’s hands, much of the information obtained through soul searching had been shared with Fang Yuan as well.


 Fang Yuan knew that currently, Luo Po valley had been remodeled into a secret stronghold by Shadow Sect, with large numbers of Gu formations arranged everywhere.


 Even in his previous life, when Feng Jiu Ge and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals had attacked Luo Po valley when no one was around, these Gu formations were able to hold them off until Qin Bai Sheng and the rest arrived.


 Right now, Luo Po valley was filled with Shadow Sect’s members, it was much more terrifying than a dragon’s den.


 Fang Yuan needed to wait for the appropriate time.



***
Chapter 979 - Going With The Flow


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan had a lot of patience.


 After helping Tai Bai Yun Sheng pass the tribulation, Fang Yuan refined dream path mortal Gu while collecting the spring dream fruits, along with expanding his guts Gu and eerie fire dragon python trades.


 Soon, his monthly profits greatly exceeded his previous life, it was over two thousand!


 There were many reasons for this.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan had to spend a lot of time in investigating and gathering information before deciding on suitable trade partners in his previous life. Especially in Western Desert.


 But now, with his experience, Fang Yuan could easily contact the buyer and save a lot of time and effort, causing his profits to come much earlier than before.


 Secondly, the hairy men in the Fang Yuan stone nests were now free to refine guts Gu. This was different from last time, when they were still refining star thought Gu and other Gu worms that did not provide income.


 Thirdly, Fang Yuan did not have any plans to relocate Star Form blessed land, he had already made a new alliance agreement with Hei Lou Lan and the others. He might need to relocate it in the future, but it was not an urgent matter now.


 Fourthly, with the feathermen forming caravans and dealing with transactions for him, Fang Yuan obtained much benefits in Western Desert quickly.


 The use of the feathermen was starting to show.


 But Fang Yuan was still experimenting for now, he did not send out all of these tens of thousands of feathermen.


 In this aspect, he had a long term plan, he wanted to use these current feathermen to increase the population of feathermen, he might be able to implement slave trade of feathermen in the future.


 In terms of slave trade, even though feathermen were inferior to hairy men, they were much better than rockmen. Especially in Western Desert forces, they sacrificed a large number of feathermen yearly, the demand for featherman slaves was always high and unceasing.


 Fang Yuan developed patiently, while he accumulated immortal essence stones, he did not forget to accumulate Gu refinement immortal materials.


 Time passed quickly, Lang Ya blessed land was attacked by strong foes once again.


 Lang Ya land spirit knew that the enemy was powerful, he had to seek help, sending emergency support letters to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 In this life, Fang Yuan had planned meticulously, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture did not suffer much losses, after receiving the letters, the two of them went to Lang Ya blessed land.


 In Lang Ya blessed land, there was a thick fog of clouds that shrouded everyone’s vision. They could not see anything, not the sky, the ground, or even their own fingers.


 “This is the twelve wave cloud confusion formation.” Lang Ya land spirit explained in a deep and low tone: “And these are the invaders.”


 The land spirit waved his sleeves, as several images appeared in front of Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Qin Bai Sheng, Jiang Yu, Hei Cheng, Xue Song Zi, He Lang Zi, and Hui Feng Zi, as well as the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, they were all present.


 “It’s them!” Fang Yuan pretended to be surprised.


 “You recognize these people?” Lang Ya land spirit quickly asked.


 Fang Yuan nodded with a serious expression: “These people are extremely strong, the leader, Qin Bai Sheng might only have rank seven cultivation level, but he can fight with a rank eight Gu Immortal.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was shocked: “So powerful?!”


 Fang Yuan pointed at the others: “This is Fairy Jiang Yu, she has dark limit Immortal Gu. This is the supreme elder handling public affairs of a super force in Northern Plains, Hei tribe’s Hei Cheng, he has an Immortal Gu House in his possession! There is also Xue Song Zi, he might be only rank six, but he is a member of Snowy Mountain blessed land, he is backed by the rank eight Old Ancestor Xue Hu. And this He Lang Zi, he is a transformation path Gu Immortal with high battle strength, in the past, he rejected a recruitment offer by Old Ancestor Xue Hu. This is Hui Feng Zi, a wind path expert, his wind path attainment level is very deep, he is the publicly recognized fastest person in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, he had once escaped from many rank eight Gu Immortals.”


 As Fang Yuan spoke, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression turned grimmer and grimmer.


 When Fang Yuan finished his words, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression was extremely grave, he pointed at the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal: “To think that the enemies are so powerful. Then who in the world is this Gu Immortal?”


 Fang Yuan knew who he was, of course, but at this moment, he pretended to show a confused and suspicious expression.


 He hesitated before saying: “This person is covering his face and has an immortal killer move protecting him, he is very mysterious. Let me make a deduction.”


 Saying so, he pinched his fingers and deduced, his body was covered in starlight as Immortal Gu aura surged around him, as if he was working hard.


 Seeing this, Lang Ya land spirit was deceived, he thought: “Even though I had approached Fang Yuan many times in the past and asked him to deduce Immortal Gu recipes for me, this is the first time I am seeing him make a deduction. I do not know what Immortal Gu he is using, but looking at this, his wisdom path attainment level is not low!”


 The starlight on Fang Yuan’s body faded gradually, his expression was grim as his eyes shined brightly: “My goodness, this mysterious Gu Immortal is extremely special, he is an immortal zombie, and one of the ten extreme physiques, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance Physique!”


 “You deduced it so quickly?” Lang Ya land spirit was surprised.


 Beside him, Tai Bai Yun Sheng chuckled: “That is only natural. Fang Yuan is a wisdom path grandmaster.”


 “Wisdom path grandmaster?!” Lang Ya land spirit was shocked, he assessed Fang Yuan again, looking at him in a different light.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, his voice was heavy as he spoke to Lang Ya land spirit: “The enemy is so powerful, we are in danger now.”


 Lang Ya land spirit chuckled: “No need to worry, as long as we persevere for a period of time, I can capture any Gu Immortal no matter how strong they are.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows rose, he probed Lang Ya land spirit while pretending to be curious: “It seems you still have additional assistance?”


 Lang Ya land spirit smiled with a smug expression, he did not want to say much, but he changed his mind suddenly and probed Fang Yuan instead: “You are a wisdom path grandmaster at such a young age? Honestly speaking, I am quite surprised. Why don’t you deduce where my confidence lies in dealing with the enemies?”


 Fang Yuan naturally knew that Lang Ya land spirit’s confidence was in the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron.


 But afterwards, he pretended to deduce and acted like he was met with difficulty.


 Eventually, he admitted his failure: “I cannot deduce it, honestly speaking, in the past, I have tried to deduce Lang Ya blessed land, but I had no gains. Now is no exception.”


 “Hahaha.” Lang Ya land spirit laughed loudly, he patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder proudly, but did not say much.


 An Immortal Gu House could attack and defend, so could the rank eight Refinement Cauldron.


 Defensive methods were not just against attacks, they could also defend against the deductions of others.


 Fang Yuan pretended to fail, this was within Lang Ya land spirit’s expectations.


 From his point of view, this was natural. No matter how outstanding Fang Yuan was, he only had rank six cultivation level, no matter how mystical his Immortal Gu were, they could not match the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron.


 “It is normal for me to fail in deducing it. If I succeed, it would cause Lang Ya land spirit to become very wary.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly internally.


 Land spirit were obsessed and pure, but that did not mean they were stupid.


 Especially when Lang Ya land spirit’s original form was Long Hair Ancestor, this legendary person had a good friend when he was alive, Immortal Yi Yan, a wisdom path Gu Immortal that created the Prophecy of Three Venerables, he was also a famous person throughout history.


 Thus, Lang Ya land spirit was clear about the capabilities of a wisdom path Gu Immortal to a great extent.


 If Fang Yuan deduced something, it was evidently out of the scope of ability that a rank six Gu Immortal had, this would cause Lang Ya land spirit to become very wary and suspicious.


 He would think: “How could Fang Yuan alone deduce anything? Evidently, he has someone behind him! And this great expert is very powerful, he can breech the defense of my Refinement Cauldron and deduce my arrangements in the blessed land!”


 Once he thought of that, Lang Ya land spirit would be very vigilant, he would be on guard against Fang Yuan.


 After all, Lang Ya land spirit was the obsession of Long Hair Ancestor. And Long Hair Ancestor was a hairy man, towards humans and other variant humans, he had deep wariness. This could be shown from the transformation in personality and manner of speech in Lang Ya land spirit in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 The reason why Fang Yuan could get close to Lang Ya land spirit was mainly because he had obtained a certain inheritance of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Because of his agreement with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Lang Ya land spirit had to help Fang Yuan refine Gu three times.


 If not for that, how could Fang Yuan, as a human, get so close to Lang Ya land spirit?


 Even though Fang Yuan had to refine star thought Immortal Gu and all-out effort Immortal Gu, all along, he did not want to waste this final opportunity to refine Gu, that was because he wanted to remain close to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit had lived countless years in this blessed land. His interactions with the outside world, other than the transactions inside treasure yellow heaven, were limited to only Mo Tan Sang.


 He understood that great wealth would attract the greed of others, thus he had been keeping a low profile.


 At the same time, he had a natural form of distrust towards other individuals.


 Fang Yuan was not strong back then, thus Lang Ya land spirit was not too wary or suspicious of him, but now that he was starting to show extraordinary abilities, Lang Ya land spirit would naturally be alert and uneasy.


 How can an outsider be allowed to sleep beside his bed?


 In the past, Fang Yuan was a white rabbit, but the Fang Yuan who displayed wisdom path grandmaster attainment was considered a poisonous snake.


 Matters developed just like in his previous life.


 Fang Yuan was arranged to guard a cloud building by Lang Ya land spirit.


 But before that, Fang Yuan suggested that they should allow Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan to join the battle.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng gave his assurance as well.


 But Lang Ya land spirit rejected them.


 Fang Yuan used a different method to deal with Xue Song Zi this time, he did not sneak attack Xue Song Zi, instead, he fought him openly.


 Even though it was a more impressive fight, the result was less of a victory.


 Fang Yuan only fought with Xue Song Zi for a while before Shadow Sect’s reinforcements came, and Fang Yuan took the initiative to retreat.


 There was no benefit in killing Xue Song Zi. He had Immortal Gu and lifespan Gu, but they could not be taken.


 He might as well let him go, so that he could deal with the Central Continent Gu Immortals next.


 Fang Yuan had thought of reminding Lang Ya land spirit and making arrangements earlier, so that Refinement Cauldron could take down the group from Shadow Sect in advance, but after considering it thoroughly, Fang Yuan rejected this idea.


 First, there was a great risk in dealing with Shadow Sect. Qin Bai Sheng was very powerful, Fang Yuan had no confidence against him. Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance also had some kind of secret connection, there was more than met the eye.


 Second, even if Shadow Sect was dealt with, Fang Yuan’s gains would not be ideal. Refinement Cauldron would hold the biggest use, if they won, Lang Ya land spirit would gain most of the loot. Shadow Sect’s base, Luo Po valley, would end up in the hands of the Central Continent Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan would get nothing.


 Third, Fang Yuan needed the Northern Plains Shadow Sect members to resist the Central Continent Gu Immortals. Even though he did not know how the Central Continent Gu Immortals found Shadow Sect while investigating Fang Yuan, this was something he wanted to see. If Shadow Sect was eliminated, Central Continent would have no obstacles, if they found Fang Yuan, what would he do?


 Finally, Fang Yuan could guess that the mastermind behind the battle of Yi Tian Mountain was Shadow Sect because of the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance zombie, if they were killed, the influence would be huge, during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, unexpected mishaps would occur. With many mishaps, Fang Yuan’s plans would be disrupted, his preparations would be in vain.


 Thus, Fang Yuan decided to go with the flow for the battle to defend Lang Ya blessed land.


 Altering the result of this battle not only carried big risks, the disadvantages outweighed the advantages, a wise person would not do this!



***
Chapter 980 - Joining Lang Ya Sect


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Damn it, it had to be at this time!” Qin Bai Sheng clenched his fists, looking at the battlefield in front of him, he was filled with discontent and reluctance.


 “Retreat.” A moment later, he sighed as he ordered.


 “Why are we retreating?” Fairy Jiang Yu was shocked.


 “Luo Po valley is being attacked, it’s the Central Continent Gu Immortals who are investigating the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.” Qin Bai Sheng transmitted.


 “How could their investigation lead to us? Unless... heaven’s will?!” Fairy Jiang Yu’s body shuddered.


 “Heaven’s will is vast and grand, that is likely the case... But our action earlier caused too much of a commotion, while making preparations for our ultimate plan, heaven’s will obstructed us. Later, on Yi Tian Mountain, I wonder how terrifying heaven’s will’s obstruction will be.” Qin Bai Sheng sighed.


 The two conversed at lightning speed, they transmitted their words to each other, no one else heard them.


 Soon, Qin Bai Sheng ordered the Shadow Sect members to retreat from Lang Ya blessed land.


 “They... have retreated.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng let out a breath.


 “Damn it! He escaped again.” Hei Lou Lan clenched her fists, gritting her teeth.


 Fairy Li Shan was silent, she was deeply frowning, her expression of worry.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals first cheered before feeling great sorrow. In this battle, they had made a bloody sacrifice, and even found traitors. Life was hard to predict, with the sad state of life and death in front of them, these hairy man Gu Immortals who normally only thought of refining Gu were greatly incited.


 Lang Ya land spirit dismantled the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor, his eyes were bright red, he looked at the direction where Qin Bai Sheng and the others were leaving harshly: “These people really think us hairy men are easy to bully! I will return today’s humiliation with bloodshed one day in the future!”


 In this battle, because Fang Yuan did not do much, it was quite similar to his previous life.


 First, Fang Yuan and the others defended the mortal Gu house cloud buildings, but they were destroyed by Shadow Sect easily, breaking the twelve wave cloud confusion formation. Once again, the inkman Gu Immortal was killed by Qin Bai Sheng rapidly, losing his life.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s plan to stall for time was severely disrupted, he had no way out and was pacing around anxiously.


 In his previous life, during this crucial moment, the land spirit transformed.


 But now, during this period, Fang Yuan gave a suggestion and advised Lang Ya land spirit to use an ancient battle formation.


 When Lang Ya land spirit was desperate and at his wits’ end, he heard this suggestion and quickly used it.


 Ancient battle formations were quite different from the currently mainstream battlefield killer moves. The dao marks in an ancient battle formation were much less harmful to the blessed land than battlefield killer moves.


 Lang Ya land spirit was desperate, he could only use Heavenly Giant Solor.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan suggested again: “Just the few of us, how can we resist them? We need more people.”


 But Lang Ya land spirit was hesitant, he had more than ten hairy man Gu Immortals, but they were hidden and manipulating the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron.


 Especially when he somewhat sensed that there were traitors among them.


 Fang Yuan had anticipated Lang Ya land spirit’s response, he suggested that he had reliable aid.


 Lang Ya land spirit frowned immediately, he was very wary of outsiders, the less people who knew about the blessed land, the better.


 Fang Yuan smiled and said: “Land spirit, rest assured, how good is our relationship? I can definitely keep a secret for you! We will not expose any information regarding the blessed land. You just need to summon them directly into Heavenly Giant Solor, and let them fight. Afterwards, give them appropriate remuneration.”


 Lang Ya land spirit did not want to agree, but Qin Bai Sheng and the others were attacking more fiercely, even though they used Heavenly Giant Solor, they were still losing slowly.


 Lang Ya land spirit had no choice, he could only accept Fang Yuan’s suggestion.


 This way, Fang Yuan brought Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan into Heavenly Giant Solor and caused this ancient battle formation’s power to rise.


 However, Hei Cheng controlled the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, he could resist Heavenly Giant Solor.


 Qin Bai Sheng’s five finger fist heart sword was extraordinarily sharp, it caused great harm to Heavenly Giant Solor.


 The situation was only suppressed for a moment before it turned bad again.


 Lang Ya land spirit was forced to move the hairy man Gu Immortals in Refinement Cauldron into Heavenly Giant Solor in batches.


 In the intense battle, Lang Ya land spirit’s other self was finally summoned.


 After sending three batches, Qin Bai Sheng finally got a chance and had the traitors take action, starting to take away Refinement Cauldron.


 Eventually, he obtained many core Immortal Gu from Refinement Cauldron and hurriedly retreated, bringing Xue Song Zi as well as the two exposed hairy man Gu Immortal traitors.


 After the battle, Fang Yuan handed Fixed Immortal Travel to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, asking him to bring Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan away, without staying.


 This way, he completed a part of the new alliance agreement that they had made earlier.


 He had provided a chance for Hei Lou Lan to kill Hei Cheng. But she did not grasp the opportunity, this did not mean that Fang Yuan failed on his side of the agreement.


 After the battle, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were very curious and suspicious towards this Lang Ya blessed land.


 But Fang Yuan did not answer them.


 The alliance agreement did not state that all information had to be shared openly.


 Since Fang Yuan knew everything now, why would he create problems for himself?


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan felt that Fang Yuan was shrouded in mystery and had a deep background, he could actually be related to such an incredible existence. They could not help but think, was this related to Fang Yuan’s master Purple Mountain True Monarch?


 First, he borrowed attitude Gu, then now, using Lang Ya blessed land, he dealt several blows towards the confidence of Hei Lou Lan’s side, this made Fang Yuan very confident in dealing with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 At the same time, he was slightly setting up for the future, where he might cooperate with Hei Lou Lan and the others to capture Lang Ya blessed land.


 If possible, Fang Yuan wanted to have sole possession over Lang Ya blessed land. But many times, ideas were beautiful, while reality was cruel. This was minor preparation for the future in case Fang Yuan needed it.


 Lang Ya land spirit turned into his second personality, like in the previous life, he immediately decided to relocate Lang Ya blessed land after the battle, at the same time, he changed the social system in the blessed land and created Lang Ya Sect, inviting Fang Yuan to be an external supreme elder.


 Fang Yuan agreed.


 Speaking about the remuneration of joining this battle, Fang Yuan did not ask for the rank six Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu, instead he sought a request for reinforcements from Lang Ya land spirit.


 In the future, if Fang Yuan got into a dangerous situation, Lang Ya Sect would need to dispatch Gu Immortals to save him.


 This way, Fang Yuan roped all of the Lang Ya blessed land hairy man Gu Immortals onto his side.


 Lang Ya land spirit handed Fang Yuan a sect mission, asking him to go deep into the icy plain and contact the super tribes that the rockmen and snowmen who were deep underground had created.


 “As long as you complete this mission, I will release some Immortal Gu recipes to you. As long as you have enough sect contributions, you can use the points to exchange for the Immortal Gu recipes that you want.” Lang Ya land spirit tempted Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts shifted: “Can I take a look at these Immortal Gu recipes first?”


 “Of course.”


 After seeing them, even with Fang Yuan’s broad knowledge and experiences, he was tempted.


 Lang Ya blessed land had dozens of Immortal Gu, but the quantity of Immortal Gu recipes was something even Fang Yuan couldn’t expect.


 At the very least, Lang Ya land spirit gave Fang Yuan more than two hundred recipes to view!


 Fang Yuan quickly saw some Immortal Gu recipes that suited him.


 He asked: “Can I choose other missions?”


 But Lang Ya land spirit rejected him.


 “My Lang Ya Sect has just been established, there are many things waiting to be done, of course many missions are available. But this mission is the most dangerous, thus it is given to you. If you die, so be it, I will not feel any heartache. The hairy man Gu Immortals cannot die so easily, they are one of our true members!”


 Lang Ya land spirit only spoke the truth, Fang Yuan did not know whether to laugh or cry, but he feel at ease internally.


 “But don’t you worry, I aim to create an era of hairy men, the assistance of you and other species are needed. I have a transformation path method to turn your human body into a hairy man. When you become a true hairy man, I will open up the Immortal Gu storage and allow you to exchange for Immortal Gu or borrow Immortal Gu using contribution points. Hahaha...”


 Lang Ya land spirit patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder, encouraging him.


 This encouragement was extremely straightforward.


 But Fang Yuan did not care.


 The first question he had considered was whether he could use familiar face to turn into a hairy man and deceive Lang Ya land spirit.


 But soon, he gave up on that idea.


 Not only was the familiar face that he had now an incomplete copy, the original familiar face came from Lang Ya land spirit himself, even though he was straightforward, he was not stupid.


 “As for turning into a real hairy man, I will not consider it. Humans are the true masters of this world. It has been like this since the Remote Antiquity Era. This is the direction the world is going, how can it be easily turned around? Back then, even Long Hair Ancestor had to hide and conceal his own identity. Right now, he is only a land spirit, what can he accomplish? Hmph, simply wishful thinking!”


 Fang Yuan did not think well of Lang Ya Sect’s prospects.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Lang Ya Sect was taken down by Heavenly Court, this was the eventual outcome of Lang Ya blessed land. Even if the future changes, and it is not Heavenly Court, it could also be other Gu Immortal forces.


 Humans were the rulers, the status of variant humans would not change.


 Fang Yuan’s plan, from start to finish, was to extract benefits from Lang Ya land spirit. Lang Ya land spirit turning into his second personality carried greater benefits for Fang Yuan than losses. At least right now, for Fang Yuan, there were greater gains.


 The original Lang Ya land spirit was conservative, he would not create Lang Ya Sect, or invite Fang Yuan to be an external supreme elder, he would also not agree to assist Fang Yuan when he was in danger.


 After the battle to defend Lang Ya blessed land ended, the hundred days battle in Luo Po valley commenced gradually.


 Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, resting as he created a large number of dream path mortal Gu.


 At the same time, he amassed a huge amount of Gu refinement immortal materials, to make preparations for refining Immortal Gu.


 A month later, he collected all of the spring dream fruits, refining a large number of dream path mortal Gu, the number was higher than in his previous life.


 Two months later, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had settled the relationships on the other side as Fang Yuan used the earth tide as an opportunity to enter Eastern Sea.



***
Chapter 981 - The Might of a Wisdom Path Grandmaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea, Yu Lu blessed land.


 Just as in his previous life, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were led by the scenic blue travel immortal zombie, Sha Nan Jiang, passing Yu Lu blessed land’s entrance.


 “Brother Tai Bai, we meet again. Hahaha!” Shark Demon saw Tai Bai Yun Sheng and showed a warm expression.


 He took the initiative to approach and pat Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shoulder affectionately.


 Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng had not been in Eastern Sea for a long time, he had Man as Before and Landscape as Before, these two Immortal Gu that gave him fame.


 Earlier, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng assisted Shark Demon and the others in attacking Yu Lu blessed land, his Man as Before was a huge help to everyone.


 After Shark Demon said his greetings, he directed his gaze towards Fang Yuan: “Sir, you must be brother Tai Bai’s best friend, Wisdom Star Chen Dao? Since you are brother Tai Bai’s friend, you are also my friend.”


 “I am but a wandering lone cultivator, I would not dare.” Fang Yuan smiled humbly.


 His body was straight, he looked like a scholar with a handsome face, he had the appearance of a good looking young man.


 His skin was fair, the bridge of his nose was high, his thick brows hung over his deep eyes, right now, Fang Yuan was smiling, with his handsome appearance, he looked like a perfect gentleman, it was very appealing.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan was Xing Xiang Zi, but now, he was Wisdom Star.


 The power of familiar face was much greater than vaguely familiar face. If Shark Demon and the others could not expose his identity then, it was even more impossible now.


 Shark Demon’s wife, Su Bai Man looked at Fang Yuan for a while, speaking: “I heard that sir cultivates wisdom path primarily and star path secondarily, you were highly recommended by Sir Tai Bai. Can we have a demonstration?”


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan was disguised as Xing Xiang Zi and declared: he cultivated star path primarily and wisdom path secondarily. But now, Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment level had reached grandmaster level, even without any wisdom path Immortal Gu, he had sufficient foundation. Thus, he swapped the primary and secondary path this time.


 Fang Yuan nodded, saying to Shark Demon and the others: “All of you must be curious about my cultivation level, that is normal. Hmm... then I shall give it a go, and let everyone critique.”


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan was very humble, but now, even though he spoke in a polite manner, his expression was full of arrogance.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man looked at each other, feeling great anticipation.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt deep worry internally, but he did not show it on his face.


 Bo Dan, who was among them, had a grim expression. Fang Yuan’s appearance threatened his status immensely, his benefits were being infringed.


 At once, everyone’s gazes were on Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan smiled, one of his hands was behind his back, while the other was holding a feather fan, waving it in front of his chest.


 He looked around, observing the surroundings.


 At this moment, it was still the battlefield killer move freezing rain frozen earth. Thus, when he looked around, it was a vast area of snow and ice.


 Once in a while, there would be icy rain forming countless snow monsters, bringing huge problems to everyone.


 Fang Yuan only took a while to look around before he said: “I have completed my deduction.”


 Shark Demon and the others were shocked, they thought that Fang Yuan was creating some immortal killer move, but to think that he was done so quickly!


 Su Bai Man spoke in an even more polite manner: “Sir truly has incredible cultivation level, to think that you could unravel the flaws of this battlefield killer move in such a manner without creating any commotion, it is truly amazing.”


 “No, no.” Fang Yuan waved his hands: “Madam is too kind. It would take some effort to deduce the flaws of this battlefield killer move, what I deduced was not that.”


 An immortal zombie asked immediately: “Then what did sir deduce?”


 Fang Yuan spoke calmly: “I deduced some details about the battlefield killer move. For example, the battlefield killer move that we are in is called freezing rain frozen earth.”


 Hearing this, the immortals were stunned.


 Immediately, Shark Demon frowned as a sharp light flashed in his eyes, he had a ruthless nature, he was about to blow up when Su Bai Man stopped him secretly.


 Bo Dan chuckled, saying: “Chen Dao, are you toying with us? Everyone knows that this battlefield killer move is called freezing rain frozen earth. To think that you have such weak abilities but such great guts, you dare to toy with Lord Shark Demon and Lady Su Bai Man!”


 Su Bai Man laughed, relaxing the tense atmosphere: “Hold your tongue, Bo Dan, I am sure brother Chen is only joking, he has yet to use his true abilities.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “Madam, this is what I deduced.”


 Su Bai Man’s expression froze, her gaze also became dark.


 “What?!” Shark Demon snorted, he could not stand it anymore, he stared with furious eyes as he walked up angrily.


 At this moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng walked forward, standing in front Fang Yuan, obstructing Shark Demon.


 He cupped his fists to Shark Demon as he said with a bitter smile: “Lord Shark Demon, it was my fault. I did not tell you all that my brother Chen is like this, he like to explain the deduction in bits and pieces, it has troubled me for a long time too.”


 “Oh?” Shark Demon’s expression eased, he stared at Fang Yuan.


 “Sigh, oh brother Chen, tell us your full deduction.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng pretended to be anxious.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Everyone, I indeed did deduce the origins of this battlefield killer move, but there is not only freezing rain frozen earth. Underneath it, there is fighting soul battlefield, eight doors labyrinth, and unmoving troops.”


 “Fighting soul battlefield, eight doors labyrinth, unmoving troops... is this for real?” Shark Demon was drawn in by Fang Yuan’s words, his eyes shined with bright light as he stared at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan waved his fan slowly: “I made the deduction, how can it be wrong?”


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man transmitted to each other secretly.


 Shark Demon was joyful: “My wife, if this Wisdom Star is accurate, then his wisdom path attainment is incredible!”


 Su Bai Man agreed: “That’s right! The few wisdom path Gu Immortals that we invited earlier faced great difficulty in deducing the battlefield killer move, to think that this person found the answer so easily.”


 Shark Demon pondered: “We will see. What if he is just spouting nonsense and pretending to be mysterious? If he is wrong, what good would it do?”


 Su Bai Man thought about it as she rejected that possibility: “I think it is unlikely. Firstly, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is an honest man, he approves of this person, if he really is a wisdom path grandmaster, then it is understandable that he could find the battlefield killer moves. Secondly, we can confirm his claims. As we attack the blessed land, we can confirm if he is right. If he wants to deceive us, he would not be so stupid as to give us information that can be exposed so easily.”


 “Yes, you are right.”


 While Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were conversing, Bo Dan could no longer wait, he sneered at Fang Yuan: “Chen Dao, you are very smart, what an amazing deduction you made! As long as we do not go past freezing rain frozen earth, who would know if you are right or wrong?”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally, he had trampled on and framed this Bo Dan in his previous life, it seemed that it was unavoidable this time round as well.


 Fang Yuan did not want unnecessary trouble, but this Bo Dan was prancing in front of him, he had no choice.


 At this time, Shark Demon smiled: “Sir Chen, Bo Dan is rude, please don’t take it personally.”


 “Even though he is rude, he is speaking the truth. The things that I deduced need some time to confirm.” Fang Yuan nodded in admission.


 Su Bai Man smiled lightly: “I don’t know why, but even though this is the first time I am meeting sir, it is as if we are long lost acquaintances, I feel a sense of cordiality and trust. Thus, even though we cannot confirm it now, I will believe sir.”


 “Hahaha, many people say that as well.” Fang Yuan talked big, he was not humble at all.


 But he did not need to be humble anyway.


 The effect of familiar face was like this.


 Shark Demon said: “Sir Chen, we are stuck at freezing rain frozen earth, I hope sir will help. The faster we unravel this battlefield, the faster we can get to the next layer and confirm sir’s deductions, proving your capabilities.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Lord Shark Demon, that is not true. I am confident in my earlier deduction, I do not need to confirm anything to myself. It is just that all of you do not trust me and needs some affirmation.”


 After a while, Fang Yuan continued: “Since you want my help, should we talk about the remuneration first?”


 Shark Demon frowned, Fang Yuan’s attitude made him very unhappy.


 After all, Fang Yuan was only rank six while he was rank seven, this attitude of a rank six towards a rank seven could already be considered a form of offense.


 Fang Yuan sucked up to Shark Demon in his previous life, that was because he wanted to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, thus he was very polite. But now, Fang Yuan had already obtained the Earth Trench inheritance, why would he need to join Zombie Alliance?


 Shark Demon was attacking Yu Lu blessed land, he needed Fang Yuan’s help, Fang Yuan had to make use of this status to gain more benefits.


 After some negotiation, Shark Demon offered a huge price.


 Fang Yuan accepted it gladly and started to work.


 Even though he did not have star thought Immortal Gu, now was different from his previous life, he had wisdom path grandmaster attainment level. Even if he only used mortal Gu, he could do many things.


 Most importantly, he had unraveled this battlefield killer move in his previous life.


 Thus, when he worked, results came quickly, it caused everyone to cheer and gasp loudly.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan could only focus solely on unraveling the battlefield killer move, but now, Fang Yuan had a lot of leeway in doing it, he placed his focus on learning instead.


 Be it in his previous life or now, Fang Yuan did not have a single battlefield killer move.


 He was extremely curious in regards to any battlefield killer move.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan gained more understanding about freezing rain frozen earth, and obtained deeper insight. 

 The core Immortal Gu of freezing rain frozen earth, how many there were, how many supplementary mortal Gu there were, Fang Yuan gradually understood them.


 Except that he could not investigate for the time being how these Gu worms cooperated, and how many ways they could be used in a certain manner.


 Once in a while, there would be icy rain and snow monsters attacking, but Shark Demon and the others attacked and ensured Fang Yuan’s safety.


 Fang Yuan did not make the same mistake as previously, he did not increase the power of freezing rain frozen earth. Instead, he deduced and unraveled it step by step, weakening the battlefield killer move gradually.


 As for Bo Dan, he had already shrunken into a corner dejectedly, he did not dare to contest with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was far deeper than in his previous life. Back then, Bo Dan felt indignant, but now, he saw their immense gap and lost all fighting spirit, he felt great dejection.


 Eventually, when Fang Yuan almost expended all of the mortal star thought Gu that he accumulated, he stopped.


 Sixty percent of freezing rain frozen earth had been unraveled, only forty percent was left.


 “Why did brother Chen stop?” Shark Demon asked anxiously.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Haste means waste, I am feeling tired, we will stop here for today.”


 Shark Sea was furious, but he needed Fang Yuan’s help, he had no other choice, he could only smile: “Sir, you are right, you need to rest. How about this, you are a guest from afar, do you want to visit my Shark Sea? My personal shark fishing banquet is unique in Eastern Sea.”


 The other immortals gasped upon hearing this, they looked at Fang Yuan with much envy.


 Fang Yuan nodded, his expression was plain: “Then I will trouble Lord Shark Demon.”



***
Chapter 982 - Grasping the Battlefield Killer Move


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the shark fishing banquet, delicious delicacies filled the table as the aroma of wine pervaded the air.


 After seeing Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were very inviting and warm towards Fang Yuan.


 While drinking, Shark Demon summoned many female Gu Masters: “How can we not have dances to entertain us while in a banquet? These are the servants that I nurture, they have Gu Master cultivation level and are skilled in transformation path, they can perform the sea demon dance, many Gu Immortals have praised it. Today, I will let both of you watch and critique it.”


 These female Gu Masters were all beautiful like flowers, their bodies were slim and attractive.


 Right now, music could be heard as the girls danced, their sleeves fluttered in the air, they were extremely dazzling and alluring.


 Suddenly, the music changed as the calming atmosphere became faster, the female Gu Masters transformed and gained fish tails, becoming mermaids dancing in the air.


 The music changed again, becoming lively, the female Gu Masters transformed again, growing shells on their backs, becoming clam girls, dancing around.


 The music changed again with a metallic feel, the hands of the female Gu Masters turned into crab pincers, they danced around causing wind to blow, they were bold and grand.


 The music changed time and again, as the female Gu Masters transformed every time, showing an array of dancing styles, Fang Yuan had a truly eye-opening experience.


 “Eastern Sea has various unique and wondrous cultures, it is truly different from Northern Plains’ brutish and bold beauty.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng praised deeply.


 Shark Demon saw that Fang Yuan did not speak and asked: “How would Sir Chen critique it?”


 “It is indeed beautiful beyond imagination.” Fang Yuan said, finding it a bit funny internally.


 In his previous life, his wisdom path attainment was not high, even though he suppressed Bo Dan, it was through schemes and framing.


 But now, after displaying great capabilities, Fang Yuan obtained the enthusiastic hosting of Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 In his previous life, even though Fang Yuan joined the shark fishing banquet, there were no dances or songs provided for him. But now, its appearance showed that Shark Demon was placing great emphasis on Fang Yuan.


 As the dance ended, the female Gu Masters left.


 Su Bai Man smiled: “I wonder which servants Sir Chen and Sir Tai Bai like? Just tell us, I can make the decision and give them to you.”


 “I am too old, too old. Thank you madam for the thought!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng rejected it politely.


 Fang Yuan said: “I have heard some things about the shark fishing banquet. I am more interested in the shark groups outside of the underwater palace.”


 Su Bai Man felt some disappointment but she smiled: “Hehehe, sirs did not choose the servants, it is their misfortune. But I cannot make decisions about the sharks in this sea, they are my husband’s prized possession.”


 “Hahaha, if you want to take part, how can I not agree to it? In every shark fishing banquet, I will gift some sharks. But there is a rule in this, I wonder if you have any understanding towards it?” Shark Demon asked.


 “Of course I understand.” Fang Yuan nodded, waving the fan in front of him: “But I need to confirm with the owner, the sharks in this sea, no matter what we catch or how many we catch, they will belong to us?”


 “That is true, but you have to do it personally.” Shark Demon nodded without hesitation.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Then let me deduce which is the most valuable shark in this Shark Sea? If I can really obtain it, I hope you can bear with the pain and give it to me. Hehehe.”


 “Sir Chen, go ahead and use your methods.” Shark Demon smiled, he wanted to probe Fang Yuan’s true foundation.


 Fang Yuan pretended to pinch his fingers and deduce.


 At once, his body was covered in starlight, shining brilliantly.


 A moment later, starlight shone and shot out everywhere, filling the entire palace.


 A moment later, bells rung, the scene was beyond words.


 Starlight shone with a grand appearance, aura of Immortal Gu surged as Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were moved, they transmitted to each other secretly.


 “This Wisdom Star Chen Dao is truly incredible!”


 “Did you notice, he has already used three different Immortal Gu, I wonder which wisdom path Immortal Gu they are?”


 What they did not know was, Fang Yuan was just pretending, it was a facade.


 The starlight faded, Fang Yuan’s forehead was covered in sweat, after resting for a short moment, he slowly opened his eyes.


 His eyes burst out with starlight, shooting out several meters past, the light was extremely dazzling, one could not stare directly at it.


 “To think that Lord Shark Demon and Lady Su Bai Man have such incredible methods. You actually used enslavement path methods to restrain a rank eight level one finger flow shark, I am truly impressed. Even though I deduced it, my methods are too weak, I cannot capture this beast, what a shame. Earlier, I spoke arrogant words, but now my abilities are insufficient, I hope the two of you do not laugh at me.”


 The bodies of Shark Demon and Su Bai Man shuddered.


 “Wisdom Star Chen Dao could deduce even this secret?!”


 “This, this this...”


 At once, this rank seven Gu Immortal couple stared with wide eyes, they looked at Fang Yuan with an expression of disbelief.


 A few breaths later, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man calmed down slowly as they finally reacted.


 Su Bai Man sighed: “I finally know how skilled Sir Chen is! One finger flow shark is our greatest secret, Sir Chen might not know this, but to prevent others from deducing this matter, we had put in a lot of effort to ask Song Jia Dan to conceal this information for us.”


 Shark Sea continued: “Jia Dan sits in twin polar, Hua An hides in Nan Gong, there is also Dragon Head Tortoise, living inside adversity sea. Song Jia Dan is one of the three most outstanding wisdom path Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world. Brother Chen’s methods could breach Song Jia Dan’s defenses, that means that brother Chen’s wisdom path attainment can match Song Jia Dan already?”


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he had overdone it.


 He quickly waved his hand, salvaging the situation: “Oh! I cannot match Song Jia Dan yet, I had been lucky earlier and did better than usual. If I faced off against Song Jia Dan personally, I would not be able to win.”


 Shark Demon’s upper body moved forward, he looked at Fang Yuan, saying: “I finally have seen sir’s abilities! But... earlier in Yu Lu blessed land, why did sir not use Immortal Gu?”


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “Wouldn’t using Immortal Gu expend immortal essence? This would raise my cost in unraveling it. I am not as rich as Lord Shark Demon, if using mortal Gu can also unravel the battlefield killer move, except that the time needed would be longer, why wouldn’t I do it?”


 Shark Demon’s heart was jumping.


 Fang Yuan did not mind the time, but he did mind it a lot.


 He had accepted Zombie Alliance’s mission to attack Yu Lu blessed land. As time passed, Zombie Alliance’s higher ups would urge him more. If he did not show progress, others would take over.


 Thus, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man’s pressure had always been high.


 “Sir knows I am a hasty person, dragging on would lead to mishaps, we should take down Yu Lu blessed land as soon as possible.” Shark Demon laughed, continuing: “It seems that my earlier remuneration did not satisfy sir. Sir Chen can quote a price, I will try to satisfy you.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head as he smiled: “It is better to take down Yu Lu blessed land slowly. Lord Shark Demon, do you not know the value of a battlefield killer move?”


 “Of course I do, I know that the true value of Yu Lu blessed land is not just these battlefield killer moves. It is the method to use the dao marks in the blessed land to create a battlefield killer move! But these methods can be obtained from the land spirit after capturing the blessed land.” Shark Demon said.


 “What if there is no land spirit?” Fang Yuan asked immediately.


 “This... it is only a small possibility.” Shark Demon hesitated.


 “There is a possibility no matter how small. Has Lord Shark Demon seen the land spirit after attacking Yu Lu blessed land for so long? I doubt that is the case. Thus, the safest way is to slow down the attack and comprehend all of the battlefield killer moves.” Fang Yuan sighed deeply.


 Shark Demon was starting to get angry, he continued to urge him, but Fang Yuan was insistent on his idea.


 Shark Demon could not ruin their relationship, he needed Fang Yuan’s help, he could only endure it.


 Fang Yuan had no fear, he raised the price, finally stopping after reaching Shark Demon’s limit.


 After resting for a few days, Fang Yuan followed Shark Demon into Yu Lu blessed land again.


 This time, he used star thought Immortal Gu, expending many days and finally unraveling the freezing rain frozen earth killer move for Shark Demon.


 As for this star thought Immortal Gu, it was quite a peculiar thing.


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan succeeded in his first attempt at refining star thought Immortal Gu!


 But in fact, refining Immortal Gu was not so easy.


 He could refine star thought Immortal Gu because Fang Yuan had a lot of practice in his previous life. Or perhaps his luck had become better after connecting luck to Hei Lou Lan, his elevated luck could be one of the reasons why the Gu refinement succeeded.


 Fang Yuan was accumulating materials now, he waited for the time to be ripe before he refined the rank six all-out effort Gu.


 Time passed, several months went by quickly.


 Under Fang Yuan’s help, Shark Demon had a much easier time attacking Yu Lu blessed land than in his previous life.


 Freezing rain frozen earth, fighting soul battlefield, eight doors labyrinth, they were all unraveled by Fang Yuan one after another.


 After refining star thought Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan no longer lacked star thoughts, he grasped eighty to ninety percent of freezing rain frozen earth, fighting soul battlefield, and eight doors labyrinth.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not have the corresponding Immortal Gu to create any of the battlefield killer moves.


 This was already an immense gain.


 Fang Yuan’s understanding towards battlefield killer moves had become very deep. Using the light of wisdom, one day, Fang Yuan was confident of creating his own unique battlefield killer move using the Immortal Gu that he possessed!


 Finally, Fang Yuan faced the battlefield killer move unmoving troops once again.


 He finally met with difficulty.


 Unmoving troops was the final trial in Yu Lu blessed land, it involved wisdom path and was very tough to breach.


 Since Fang Yuan did not have any experience of unraveling it in his previous life, progress was slow.


 Fang Yuan simply abandoned it, he did not join Zombie Alliance so Shark Demon could not command him. Of course, the main reason was that Central Continent was in chaos now, with the shattering of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, countless fragment worlds had scattered over Central Continent.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan obtained dual grandmaster attainment level from the fragment world’s dream realm. But he did not explore the dream realm fully.


 In this life, Fang Yuan was deeply in anticipation.


 If he fully explored the dream realm, how much would his gains be?


 Would his wisdom path and star path attainment level rise again?


 Or maybe his other paths’ attainment levels?



***
Chapter 983 - Shocking Appearance of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days later, Fang Yuan appeared in a nameless valley in Central Continent.


 A certain fragment world of Starry Sky grotto-heaven had fallen here, and it was temporarily stable.


 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects sent their Gu Immortals to guard this valley.


 Seeing that He Feng Yang had led Fang Yuan in, the other Gu Immortals did not have good expressions.


 Currently, it was thanks to Fang Yuan’s rank six bottom tier cultivation level, otherwise, he would not be able to obtain such a benefit.


 This fragment world could barely allow a rank six bottom tier Gu Immortal to enter. But in the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, where would they find a Gu Immortal who had cultivation level as low as Fang Yuan?


 Thus, Fang Yuan became the sole and unique person in this category.


 Immortal Crane Sect made full use of the rules of this contest and allowed him to enter the grotto-heaven fragment world.


 Like in his previous life, Fairy Bai Qing asked Fang Yuan to take care of Feng Jin Huang.


 Fang Yuan agreed, but he was thinking internally, should he kill Feng Jin Huang here?


 Due to Spirit Affinity House keeping it a secret and concealing Feng Jiu Ge’s death, according to Fang Yuan’s information, he knew that Feng Jiu Ge had gone missing in Northern Plains.


 But thinking about it, Fang Yuan gave up on this idea.


 “Even though Feng Jiu Ge died in my previous life, at this point, the hundred days battle has not concluded yet, anything is possible. Furthermore, Feng Jiu Ge’s death was not confirmed in my previous life.”


 “Most importantly, I harmed Feng Jin Huang back then because I wanted her dream wings Immortal Gu. But even though she is a mortal, she can destroy the Immortal Gu with a thought. Even though I am a Gu Immortal, I do not have special methods to steal it. Dealing with her now is courting death, with Feng Jiu Ge still at the height of power, I will definitely face the attack of Spirit Affinity House and the other forces!”


 “Go in. The others have already entered, your cultivation is the highest so you are the last one.” He Feng Yang said heavily.


 There was no other choice, if Fang Yuan entered first, the mortal Gu Masters from the other nine sects could not compete with Fang Yuan.


 Of course, this showed Immortal Crane Sect’s weakness as well.


 If Immortal Crane Sect was as strong as Spirit Affinity House, it would not be difficult to arrange Fang Yuan as the first person to go in.


 The fragment world of Starry Sky grotto-heaven was right in front of Fang Yuan.


 An ocean-blue lake appeared like a half torn drawing, suddenly inserted into this mountain valley that was full of trees.


 This was not a complete grotto-heaven or blessed land, Fang Yuan stepped in directly.


 At the next moment, he was inside the Starry Sky grotto-heaven fragment world. Looking back, the Gu Immortals from the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent were still in the valley, they were no longer in the same world as Fang Yuan.


 The gazes of these Gu Immortals were either solemn, envious, or jealous.


 They could not help it, their cultivation level was too high, they had too many dao marks, if they entered outright, they would directly cause this weak fragment world to break apart.


 “This lake is huge, I remember that in my previous life, a desolate beast dragonfish was hidden near the small island at the center of the lake, it was influenced by someone’s Immortal Gu and became berserk and frenzied. I have lost self strength Immortal Gu and cannot use strength path giant hand. It will be harder for me to capture it now.”


 Fang Yuan recalled as he flew out.


 Similarly to his previous life, elite Gu Masters of Heaven’s Envy Manor were trapped on the small central island.


 Around the island, the lake water was treacherous, that desolate beast dragonfish was wreaking havoc, creating huge waves.


 Fang Yuan descended from the sky, using immortal methods and expending some effort to capture the dragonfish.


 Other than the desolate beast dragonfish, there were over six hundred thousand ordinary dragonfish.


 Leaving behind the shocked and paralyzed Heaven’s Envy Manor Gu Masters, Fang Yuan flew towards the direction of the dream realm.


 Arriving at the dream realm’s area, Feng Jin Huang had already led the four Gu Masters from Spirit Affinity House and occupied this dream realm.


 “Fang Yuan, I have been waiting for quite a while.” Feng Jin Huang smiled, her facial features were picturesque, her skin was fair and she radiated deep confidence.


 Fang Yuan smiled too: “Before this trip, your mother asked me to take care of you. I will not find trouble with you, I will try to let you have an easy time, but there is a price for it. What can you give me?”


 Feng Jin Huang was prepared and was about to speak.


 Fang Yuan interrupted her: “If you want to use a method to restore an immortal zombie back to human as the price, forget it. I have already found a suitable method, of course, it is not the ten extreme physique ascension method that you told me before.”


 Feng Jin Huang stared blankly, being caught off guard.


 She did not expect Fang Yuan to find a suitable immortal zombie revival method so quickly.


 “How about this, I know that Spirit Affinity House’s research in dream realms far surpasses the other nine ancient sects. I only need the Gu recipe of a dream realm mortal Gu, I will let you stay at this dream realm and explore it for some time, how about that? You have dream wings Immortal Gu, don’t tell me you do not know the recipe of some dream realm mortal Gu.” Fang Yuan suggested.


 According to the ten sects’ agreement, for the representative of Spirit Affinity House, Feng Jin Huang, to occupy this place, she needed to face the challenge of any sect. Only with two out of three victories could she take away the opponent’s rights to claim this territory.


 Even though Feng Jin Huang had Fairy Bai Qing’s Immortal Gu, will, and immortal essence, she was still a mortal, she could not beat the immortal zombie Fang Yuan.


 Feng Jin Huang’s expression was bitter: “Fang Yuan, your request is too hard to meet. I have dream wings Immortal Gu, everyone knows that. But the value of a dream path mortal Gu recipe is immense, you may be severely underestimating it. I have used some dream path mortal Gu before, but they were only extremely secret practice. I planned to combine them with Dream Wings to create an immortal killer move, but I failed. Those mortal Gu were given to me by the sect, I do not know a single dream path mortal Gu recipe. Change your request, for example, a strength path mortal Gu recipe.”


 At this time, dream realms had not appeared on a large scale, dream path was still being explored, it had not been created yet.


 Even though dream path Gu worms were appearing, they were limited in quantity.


 To make dream path a mature path, it was not enough with just Dream Wings or Dream Travel.


 Only a widely cultivated path can be known as a path.


 Dream path was still developing in its infancy period. In the five regions, only super forces could research on it. Thus, the value of dream path mortal Gu recipes was immense.


 Fang Yuan did not pester about this matter.


 He knew: even if Feng Jin Huang knew any dream path mortal Gu recipes, she would not hand them to him.


 Thus, this request was only to set up for his true motive.


 Fang Yuan said: “Then in that case, I want information on Sword Immortal Bo Qing. You may not know, but this person is a legendary character from Spirit Affinity House. Hand his information to me, don’t try and deceive me with those details already in the market.”


 Feng Jin Huang thought: “This Fang Yuan underestimates me! Even though I am a mortal Gu Master, I have been in the Gu Immortal world since a young age. How would I not know Bo Qing? But, why is Fang Yuan seeking Bo Qing’s information?”


 She thought again: “Bo Qing is already dead, what’s wrong with agreeing to it? It is easy for mother to get the information, even if it involves Spirit Affinity House’s secrets, I know my limits, I will not hand all of the confidential information to Fang Yuan.”


 After thinking about it, Feng Jin Huang agreed.


 But Fang Yuan continued: “This dream realm is something Immortal Crane Sect must have. The duration of your exploration will depend on what information you give me. You can transmit to your mother to start preparing already. Two hours later, in Central Continent’s time, I want to see it. Then, according to the value of the information, I will decide your time in the dream realm.”


 Feng Jin Huang’s heart sank, she knew that Fang Yuan could not be fooled so easily.


 She was the treasure of both her parents, she naturally had Immortal Gu with her, and large numbers of information path mortal Gu, Fairy Bai Qing could learn about Feng Jin Huang’s status at any time.


 After spending some effort, both sides finally came to an agreement.


 Fang Yuan was very straightforward, he left the area near the dream realm immediately. This time, even though he had already subdued the desolate beast dragonfish, he still needed to take the desolate beast hidden essence turtle, and the desolate plant nether grass.


 Two hours later in Central Continent time, a few days had gone by in the Starry Sky grotto-heaven fragment world.


 Fang Yuan captured the hidden essence turtle and nether grass, and just like his previous life, he let out some rockmen to explore for him, searching for valuable Gu worms or materials.


 He returned to the dream realm’s location as Feng Jin Huang handed him the first batch of information, while unable to conceal her dejected and irritated emotions.


 Fang Yuan looked at the information as he nodded, it was very in-depth, as expected of Spirit Affinity House’s internal information.


 “In my previous life, the heavenly river in Central Continent had a huge disturbance and many Gu Immortals gained a lot of benefits, but I could not interfere. This time, with my experience, I will not need to make many deductions, I can save much time and effort, I might be able to explore Falling Heavenly River in time.”


 Fang Yuan thought as he evaluated openly: “This information, although in-depth, does not talk much about secrets. According to our agreement, I will give you three days. Of course, that is in terms of the fragment world’s time.”


 Feng Jin Huang nodded, sighing internally.


 She had overestimated herself, while underestimating the dream realm’s difficulty. Until now, even though she had dream wings Immortal Gu, she could not pass the first layer of the dream realm.


 She had thought that six to seven days was enough to explore this dream realm completely and obtain great gains.


 But the cruel reality was like a loud slap on her face.


 “If I knew this, I would lower the price during our agreement. Now, this information can only provide me three days... this is not enough to even heal my injuries. Sigh!”


 Feng Jin Huang sighed deeply again.


 Fang Yuan knew about her status clearly, but he pretended to not know and left.


 But secretly, he turned towards the other side of the dream realm and entered it stealthily.


 With his previous life’s experience, he was very proficient, and with enough preparation, he had a large number of dream path mortal Gu, he could use the killer move unravel dream much more frequently.


 The first layer’s beastmen wind knot grass dream realm, the second layer’s mountain peak astrolabe chessboard dream realm, they were all unraveled.


 He finally came to the third layer of the dream realm.


 He did not manage to come here in his previous life.


 There was a shore with willows on it, the lake’s surface was like a mirror.


 In the pavilion at the center of the lake, a female immortal was playing the zither.


 “You are finally here.” She looked at Fang Yuan, starlight shining brilliantly in her eyes, as her mouth was showing a mysterious smile.


 Fang Yuan’s body shuddered.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!




***
Chapter 984 - Mystical Dream, Mysterious Song


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This was the third layer of the dream realm.


 The night was calm, as stars filled the sky.


 The water of the lake was peaceful, Fang Yuan had just entered the dream realm when he stood in the pavilion at the center of the lake.


 His gaze was staring fixedly at the female immortal, feeling extremely surprised.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


 Throughout history, among the ten venerables, only Red Lotus Demon Venerable was mysterious and unfathomable, with his appearance publicly unknown. As for the others, their appearances were widely known.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the second venerable in history, a disciple of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, as well as the second generation Immortal King of Heavenly Court.


 She had incredible accomplishments and fame, her appearance was known by all, Fang Yuan recognized her instantly.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a tall body, she wore a long blue dress as it was dragged along the ground.


 She had a long black waterfall-like hair, extending to her waist.


 Her brows were thick and long, her eyes were like the moon in the well, peaceful but oozing with wisdom and mystery.


 Her skin was white like snow, she looked at Fang Yuan deeply as her slender hands played the zither.


 “You are finally here.” She spoke slowly, her voice was soothing like this beautiful night sky.


 “Interesting, in this dream realm, who is my character?” Fang Yuan looked at his clothing, he realized that he was in his true appearance!


 This was shocking to Fang Yuan.


 Logically speaking, this should not be happening.


 Earlier, in the first layer of the dream realm, Fang Yuan was in the form of a child. In the second layer of the dream realm, he was a mortal youngster seeking the path of immortals. Why was he in his original appearance now in the third layer of the dream realm?


 “Before entering this dream realm, I have been activating the immortal killer move familiar face. Right now, even this immortal killer move has lost its effect, maybe this dream realm is so deep that my soul has already submerged deeply into it?”


 Fang Yuan thought about this and became increasingly alert.


 When he was exploring the first two layers of the dream realm, he was clear that it was a dream, it was not real.


 But if his soul sank into it completely, he would lose that perception, he would think that everything was real. Like back then, when Hei Lou Lan was undergoing tribulation and had fallen into a dream realm, as it continued to loop, she lost herself in that world.


 “In this dream realm, I am in my original appearance, this is a sign of my soul sinking into the dream realm. It seems that this third layer is extraordinary!” Fang Yuan thought of this and focused, not daring to be careless.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable in front of him seemed to understand Fang Yuan’s worry, she smiled lightly: “Don’t be afraid, listen to my song.”


 Saying so, her tender fingers moved.


 The zither produced an alluring and beautiful sound under her manipulation, it was like the soothing sound of flowing water.


 Next, she opened her mouth and sang with an ancient tune and method.


 Fang Yuan only heard her sing:


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 “Alas...”


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sang in the night, her voice was clear like a mountain spring, flowing into the deepest part of Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply, hearing this, he felt that the song was some kind of prophecy, it contained deep meaning, it was trying to say something, but he could not comprehend it in this short time.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finished her song, her figure gradually faded, but the mysterious smile was still hanging on her face.


 Fang Yuan focused intensely, concentrating his mind, but at the next moment, the dream realm vanished!


 “What happened? This dream realm suddenly vanished?!” Outside the dream realm, Feng Jin Huang, who was recuperating, opened her eyes with shock and suspicion.


 Fang Yuan concealed his figure in time, he was not exposed.


 He stealthily left this place, feeling great shock: “Why did this happen? The third layer of the dream realm vanished before I explored it, what sort of dream was it, why was it so mystical? Even with the five hundred years of experience in my previous life, I have never heard of such a dream realm!”


 Fang Yuan frowned tightly, he vaguely felt that this dream realm was very special, it had a sort of great meaning and purpose regarding him.


 “In the dream, what was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable trying to sing, what was she trying to tell me?”


 Fang Yuan tried to recall, but he could not remember anything.


 It was like a person waking up after a dream, even though he knew there was a dream, he could not remember any details about it.


 Fang Yuan thought hard, even using wisdom path methods, but he could not recall the contents of what Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sang, only the sound of the zither remained in his mind.


 At the same time, in Southern Border.


 Shadow Sect’s base — Life and death blessed land.


 Life and death blessed land contained the door of life and death, and in front of this door, there was a dream realm.


 Old Man Yan Shi held nine rank eight Immortal Gu, stepping into the dream realm slowly.


 The moment he went in, Old Man Yan Shi felt a cold and surging killing intent!


 “Die, die, die!” A man dressed in a black robe pounced at him with bloodshot eyes and messy hair.


 At once, Old Man Yan Shi could not move at all.


 If outsiders were here and saw this black robed man, they would scream: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”


 At the next moment, Old Man Yan Shi was forced out with a heavily injured soul, returning to his body, he spit out a mouthful of blood, his expression pale.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s dream realm was much more difficult than the Star Constellation Immortal Venerable dream realm that Fang Yuan had explored.


 Old Man Yan Shi only entered the first layer of the dream realm and was forced to act as a character in the dream.


 This character was an enemy killed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Old Man Yan Shi tried countless times, but the moment he entered the dream, he was killed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, unable to react.


 “But I have already left the Immortal Gu in the dream, it is time to use the killer move.” Old Man Yan Shi disregarded his injuries, his old and wrinkled right hand opened and revealed an Immortal Gu in his palm.


 This Immortal Gu was refined by Yu Mu Chun in Central Continent, it was of rule path, named Become Real.


 Become real Immortal Gu was activated by Old Man Yan Shi using immortal essence, turning into a flash of silver light, flying into the sky.


 It flew around the dream realm in the air, creating a long silvery trail that stopped in the air and did not disappear.


 “Rise.” Old Man Yan Shi chanted internally, countless Gu worms flew out of his immortal aperture, circling around Spectral Soul’s dream realm, forming a formation in the air.


 The hundreds of thousands of mortal Gu, all rank five, with become real Immortal Gu and the nine Immortal Gu left in the dream realm as the cores, formed into a mysterious immortal killer move.


 An hour later, Old Man Yan Shi’s face was purple and gold, the immortal essence that he accumulated in his life, along with all his Gu worms, were all expended or dead.


 Only a silver light cocoon was left, it was huge and wrapped around Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s dream realm completely and tightly.


 Old Man Yan Shi let out a breath of air, his body shook as he almost fell to the ground.


 He was extremely tired, but he was joyful and looked at the silver light cocoon, muttering to himself: “Next, we will have to wait for it to mature.”


 Several days later, in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, coming out of the underground cave.


 He had succeeded.


 After spending a month in Hu Immortal blessed land, he finally created an immortal battlefield killer move!


 This move was called star soul battlefield, using Cleanse Soul, Star Mark, Star Shoot, Starlight, and Star Thought as the cores, it did not have explosive strength, but it could endlessly drain the enemy’s battle strength over time.


 “The light of wisdom is truly formidable, if I had to deduce this alone, I would not have any results even after three years.” Fang Yuan sighed to himself.


 Even though this star soul battlefield only had six hundred or so Gu including Immortal Gu.


 In fact, the coordination of the Gu worms and the methods to use them were extremely complex.


 Thus, to set up this star soul battlefield, Fang Yuan needed at least a few minutes.


 This time was not too long, compared to other battlefield killer moves, it was average.


 Normally speaking, battlefield killer moves took a long time to set up. In his previous life, when Fairy Li Shan faced off against the four elders of Hei tribe and their Green City Rampage, the immortal battlefield killer move orchard garden in mountain was prepared in advance a while before.


 “In terms of trapping enemies, my star soul battlefield cannot rival orchard garden in mountain. But the ability to drain the enemy’s strength inside the battlefield is almost endless, it is superior to orchard garden in mountain in this aspect. After all, my star soul battlefield used fighting soul battlefield as the main reference.”


 With star soul battlefield, Fang Yuan wanted to test it on a suitable target.


 He quickly thought of the one finger flow shark.


 “One finger flow shark has rank eight battle strength, it also has three time path Immortal Gu, my star soul battlefield cannot trap it. Furthermore, to deal with the one finger flow shark, I will also have to fight Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.”


 Fang Yuan discarded this unrealistic idea very quickly.


 He could cooperate with Blazing Heaven Demoness, of course.


 At this time, Fairy Li Shan had already sent many letters to Blazing Heaven Demoness, establishing some common grounds and understanding.


 If Fang Yuan used his identity as Hei Lou Lan’s ally to cooperate with Blazing Heaven Demoness and deal with the one finger flow shark, it was highly possible.


 But Fang Yuan did not want this.


 Even if he succeeded in dealing with the one finger flow shark, in terms of loot, Fang Yuan would not be able to compete with Blazing Heaven Demoness, he would only gain a small portion of the benefits.


 And it was impossible to cooperate with Blazing Heaven Demoness to kill Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 Even though Fang Yuan was not a Zombie Alliance member, Blazing Heaven Demoness was. According to the alliance agreement, Blazing Heaven Demoness could only suppress Shark Demon and Su Bai Man, she could not take their lives.


 “However, I need to look for Blazing Heaven Demoness. If I do not find her, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan might conceal her existence to try and deal with me using her. If I take the initiative to find her, Hei Lou Lan will lose all hope in this aspect, and it will also be a form of deterrence towards Blazing Heaven Demoness!”


 Fang Yuan returned to Eastern Sea.


 Shark Demon and Su Bai Man in Eastern Sea were already in great anticipation regarding Fang Yuan.


 In this life, their progress in attacking Yu Lu blessed land was greatly advanced due to Fang Yuan. But the final step, unmoving troops, was extremely difficult. Shark Demon and the others had no way to break it, they could only look at the Immortal Gu fluttering in the air while sighing.


 Shark Demon’s desire towards Fang Yuan’s help was apparent.


 But Fang Yuan ignored him completely.


 Rather than helping him, he might as well help Blazing Heaven Demoness in devouring Yu Lu blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s relationship with Blazing Heaven Demoness was closer than Shark Demon. Fang Yuan could get much more benefits by working with her.



***
Chapter 985 - Fang Yuan’s Entry into Ascending Heaven Plain


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sky was blue, several clouds were floating.


 Fang Yuan floated in the sky, looking far away into the horizon.


 He only saw that the sky was vast, his vision was filled with blue, both from the sky and sea, waves were moving about, the atmosphere was grand.


 These were the special characteristics of Eastern Sea, it was completely different from the mountainous Southern Border.


 When Eastern Sea was peaceful, the scenery was flat and still, like the grand and brutish Northern Plains. Yet when fierce waves appear on the surface of the seas, turning it into a dangerous place, the resemblance to Northern Plains vanishes.


 Along with the changes of the seas and waves, Eastern Sea constantly shifted in various ways.


 Precisely because of these changes, such grand scenery could be created, and there were cultures that had various unique features.


 Fang Yuan waited patiently.


 The sea area below him was rather small, it was within Zombie Alliance’s territory, the private sea area of Bo Dan.


 But Bo Dan had been chased out long ago, the person who was occupying this place was the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch — rank eight fire path immortal zombie Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 A moment ago, the letter Gu that Fang Yuan had prepared for Blazing Heaven Demoness had been tossed into the sea.


 But there was no disturbance in the sea.


 “Who are you? Such guts, you interrupted me when I was at the most crucial moment of refining Gu.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan heard a voice.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he had used his investigative methods long ago, but Blazing Heaven Demoness could not be traced at all, Fang Yuan did not sense her.


 She actually got close to him and before she spoke, Fang Yuan had no idea.


 On the surface, Fang Yuan was unmoved, he spoke calmly and slowly turned around, bowing: “I am Fang Yuan, my respects to Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness.”


 “Fang Yuan?” Blazing Heaven Demoness’ eyes shined with brilliance.


 These last days, her mood had been good.


 Because she and Fairy Li Shan had started to communicate using letters ago, and in the letter, Fairy Li Shan mentioned that she was trying to mend their relationship for the sake of Hei Lou Lan.


 Earlier, she was not refining Gu.


 But when she received the information path mortal Gu, stating that it was ‘Hei Lou Lan’s friend’, Blazing Heaven Demoness was curious and wary, she sneaked out and got close to Fang Yuan, probing him.


 Fang Yuan did not sense her, because of his rank six cultivation level, Blazing Heaven Demoness’ wariness fell drastically.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had a tough personality, the moment she spoke, she claimed that Fang Yuan had interrupted her refinement, she wanted to gain the initiative in the conversation, so that she could pressure him later.


 But the initiative that she took did not phase Fang Yuan, Blazing Heaven Demoness was impressed by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “That is me.”


 Saying this, he deactivated familiar face, turning from the appearance of Wisdom Star back to his immortal zombie body.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ pupils expanded slightly, she sighed: “This rank eight attitude Gu is really amazing, I could not find any flaws in it. However, what is your relationship with Wisdom Star Chen Dao?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Wisdom Star Chen Dao is me, but I am not just Wisdom Star alone.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ impression of Fang Yuan rose: “In Fairy Li Shan’s letters, she did not mention that you had wisdom path attainment.”


 She had been eyeing Yu Lu blessed land for a long time.


 Thus, she had been collecting information about Shark Demon secretly.


 The information of Wisdom Star Chen Dao that Fang Yuan had been disguised as was known by Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 “If I did not have wisdom path attainment, how could I venture into Imperial Court blessed land alone? Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness, I wonder if you are interested in Yu Lu blessed land?” Fang Yuan spoke about his intention.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness smiled: “What do you think?”


 Fang Yuan was calm and collected: “If you are not interested, I would not have come here.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed loudly: “Is this also the intention of your master, Purple Mountain True Monarch?”


 Fang Yuan did not deny it: “Madam, with my capabilities, as long as I am given some time, I will be able to unravel the final battlefield killer move in Yu Lu blessed land. But how to get rid of Shark Demon and Su Bai Man will be your matter.”


 Without star thought Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would not be so confident.


 But with the wisdom path Immortal Gu in his hands, and with the fact that the battlefield killer move unmoving troops was unmanned, Fang Yuan would not face much difficulty in dealing with it.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ expression sank.


 Fang Yuan had control of the flow of the conversation, she could no longer control her patience.


 “Baseless talk.” She snorted: “You say you have the ability, is that necessarily true? How can I believe it?”


 The anger of a rank eight Gu Immortal was not to be underestimated, the atmosphere became heavy at once.


 Fang Yuan smiled calmly, he knew that Blazing Heaven Demoness would react like this.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was not familiar with Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan had his previous life’s experiences, he knew about Blazing Heaven Demoness’ temper.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Precisely because of this, Fang Yuan had control of the conversation.


 “It is simple to get madam to believe in my abilities. Please bear with me.” Saying so, Fang Yuan started deducing.


 At once, starlight shone on his body as Immortal Gu aura surged.


 After a dozen breaths, Fang Yuan stopped pretending, he said to Blazing Heaven Demoness, sighing: “A rank eight great expert is truly difficult to deduce.”


 “Is this your excuse for failing?” Blazing Heaven Demoness raised her eyebrows.


 “Of course not.” Fang Yuan’s lips curled up: “I have already deduced that madam has already contacted the Zombie Alliance headquarters and is prepared to push aside Su Bai Man and Shark Demon. Bo Dan has already been captured, right? Subduing him first, then letting him go and making him bribe Su Bai Man with an immortal material. By then, you can find an excuse of stealing immortal material to righteously seek trouble with them.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness heard this and her expression changed!


 She was very shocked internally, she did not expect Fang Yuan to deduce her plan so quickly in such a short time.


 She was a rank eight Gu Immortal, even though she was fire path, she had methods to defend against the deduction of wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 Why did her methods fail against Fang Yuan?


 “No wonder this person could make little sister feel wary and cause a loss to Little Lan! No, maybe this is what his master Purple Mountain True Monarch deduced, he is only using that information to act in front of me.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness calmed down quickly.


 She was not an ordinary immortal zombie, anyone who could reach rank eight was not easy to fool.


 “Alright, since you have the ability, I have a difficult problem for you to solve!”


 Saying this, Blazing Heaven Demoness grabbed him and fire burst out, surrounding Fang Yuan’s entire body.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 He saw Blazing Heaven Demoness’ domineering personality once again, but he was not afraid that she would cause him harm.


 Because Hei Lou Lan’s attitude Gu was in his hands.


 If Blazing Heaven Demoness tried to kill Fang Yuan, would she not be afraid that Fang Yuan would destroy attitude Gu along with him?


 Fang Yuan did not resist, he was grabbed by Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Next, Blazing Heaven Demoness turned into a rainbow of fire and tore through the sky.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes could only see fire, he could not move.


 He did not know how long it took, but suddenly, the flames vanished and Fang Yuan found himself in a plain.


 This plain was filled with greenery, young and tender grass grew over the entire plain.


 The plain had few trees, one could see very far. What was most eye-catching was a palace not far away.


 This palace had a green-gold floating sculpted design, the surface was carved with the sea, sky, and mountains, this was the design style of the Remote Antiquity Era.


 The radiating Immortal Gu aura showed that this palace was extraordinary.


 This was an Immortal Gu House!


 At this moment, many Gu Immortals were standing on the plain, surrounding this Immortal Gu House from all directions.


 There were some Gu Immortals who floated in the air, far from the Immortal Gu House.


 Whichever Gu Immortal it was, their gazes were all focused on Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fang Yuan.


 Earlier, a fiery rainbow had descended, it was a huge disturbance, nobody could miss it.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness released her rank eight Gu Immortal aura, causing them to focus on her. With such a high profile entrance, Fang Yuan who came along with her was also heavily locked on by many gazes.


 “I am Song Kun, greetings to Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness.”


 “Cai Xiong pays respects.”


 “I, Ruo Lai Gui Yi, am truly honored to be able to see Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness in person.”


 Soon, three Gu Immortals acted as the representatives and spoke.


 Even though their cultivation level was not as high as Blazing Heaven Demoness, they were the representatives of Song clan, Cai clan, and Ruo Lai clan.


 These three clans were super forces in Eastern Sea.


 They were also the main forces competing for the ownership of Ascending Heaven Plain.


 Even Blazing Heaven Demoness could not be too arrogant with them.


 She nodded lightly at the three of them, speaking: “I have heard about Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s inheritance, I am here to try and obtain it. You can feel free to handle your own matters.”


 The three clans were silent.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness said that casually, but the three clans did not dare to be careless.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ cultivation level was at rank eight, and she even had a huge force, Zombie Alliance, behind her. If Zombie Alliance wanted to interfere in Ascending Heaven Plain, there would be a huge disturbance in the current situation within Ascending Heaven Plain.


 “Lady Blazing Heaven is from Northern Plains, you are a guest here. How can we be so rude, I am unworthy, but allow me to accompany you.” Song Kun took the initiative and flew over.


 “Brother Song Kun is right, Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness has just arrived here, I am willing to explain the situation to Lady Blazing Heaven Demoness.”


 Cai Xiong had just spoken when Ruo Lai Gui Yi also flew towards Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness gave the three immortals a look, she did not chase them away, she allowed them to stand beside her.


 The geographical location of Ascending Heaven Plain meant that Zombie Alliance could not intervene in it. There were many super forces in Eastern Sea, but the ones who could influence this place only numbered to three.


 These three clans contested both up-front and in secret, but when a strong external force like Blazing Heaven Demoness came, they collaborated and resisted her together.


 There was no need to guess, Blazing Heaven Demoness knew that these three had already informed their clans, soon, rank eight experts were going to show up and hold the fort for them.


 But Blazing Heaven Demoness also knew that even though what was in Ascending Heaven Plain was good, she could not obtain it.


 Even though she was a rank eight Gu Immortal, if she tried to interfere in Ascending Heaven Plain, not only would Zombie Alliance not help her, she would offend the three super forces.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness had a domineering and firm attitude, but she was not stupid, in fact she was very wise, she understood the value of giving in.


 Otherwise, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, she would not have established that alliance agreement with him.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness’ motive in this trip was not to obtain Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s inheritance, she wanted to test if Fang Yuan had wisdom path attainment, or whether he was only a fraud, merely relying on Purple Mountain True Monarch.



***
Chapter 986 - Wisdom Path Fame Spreads in Eastern Sea


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Wisdom Star, this is Ascending Heaven Plain, a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was recorded inside >. This place is filled with space path dao marks, not only does it have no regular pattern, it is extremely complex and rearranges constantly. Since you are confident in your wisdom path methods, obtain the Tian Nan inheritance here.” Blazing Heaven Demoness said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 He understood Blazing Heaven Demoness’ intention.


 His wisdom path methods were only exposed recently. Even Hei Lou Lan and the others were not very clear on them.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness wanted to take down Yu Lu blessed land, she needed to test the might of Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods. If Fang Yuan had decent capabilities, she would believe him and entrust the duty of attacking Yu Lu blessed land to him. If he was a fraud, Blazing Heaven Demoness had to find someone else. As for Fang Yuan, if he was useless, he would have to scram.


 “Wisdom Star, why is this name so familiar?”


 “Since this person is thought highly of by Blazing Heaven Demoness, he must have some proficiency.”


 “Hmph, not only are the space path dao marks in Ascending Heaven Plain complex, they change at every moment. Our three clans are restricted by this and have little progress. How is it possible for him who is working alone?”


 Song Kun, Cai Xiong, and Ruo Lai Gui Yi transmitted to each other, as Fang Yuan landed on the ground, walking towards the Immortal Gu House that Old Eccentric Tian Nan left behind.


 Not just the three of them, the other Gu Immortals’ gazes were also on Fang Yuan.


 In the Song clan camp, a young woman was dressed in white, seemingly glowing with snow-white light, pure as jade, she was the prized jewel of Song clan, one of the beauties of Eastern Sea, Song Yi Shi.


 “Wisdom Star Chen Dao...” At this moment, Song Yi Shi’s eyes stared at Fang Yuan unblinkingly, filled with curiosity: “I know this person. Recently, Shark Demon has been attacking Yu Lu blessed land, he is doing all that he can to ask this person to help. Earlier, it was Chen Dao who helped Shark Demon unravel the first few battlefield killer moves at a rapid pace. But for some reason, Chen Dao started ignoring Shark Demon recently.”


 “Strange. Little Shi, why are you so knowledgeable about Chen Dao? Come to speak of it, this lad has quite the gentlemanly appearance, he is also quite handsome, one glance at him produces good feelings towards him.” A female Gu Immortal senior from Song clan teased Song Yi Shi.


 Song Yi Shi’s face turned bright red, she explained: “Chen Dao had once exposed one of Shark Demon’s secrets, but Shark Demon had asked uncle Song Jia Dan to protect this secret. This is why I am paying attention to him.”


 Now was different from his previous life, back then, Fang Yuan had been disguised as Xing Xiang Zi, an elderly man. But now, with attitude Gu and familiar face, Fang Yuan naturally would make full use of this killer move, he transformed into a handsome appearance which could make people put down their guard, to make it easier for him to execute his current plans.


 Song clan’s Gu Immortals heard these words and their expressions changed.


 Song Jia Dan was the pride of Song clan, he was also one of the three publicly recognized wisdom path Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan could actually break Song Jia Dan’s methods, just in this aspect, one could see his capabilities.


 At once, the Gu Immortals from Song clan looked at Fang Yuan with changed gazes.


 Fang Yuan walked five to six steps under everyone’s eyes before stopping.


 His expression was calm, but he was secretly on alert.


 Ascending Heaven Plain was not simple.


 Secluded domains of heaven and earth were usually very mysterious. For example, Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley were filled with soul path dao marks, while Ascending Heaven Plain had an uncountable number of space path dao marks!


 Precisely because of these space path dao marks, Ascending Heaven Plain could connect to the immemorial nine heavens. Even a mortal could enter the immemorial nine heavens through Ascending Heaven Plain.


 However, after the havoc caused by Ren Zu’s children, many of the immemorial heavens were destroyed, even Ascending Heaven Plain was implicated.


 Ascending Heaven Plain was no longer as safe as during the Immemorial Antiquity Era, the space path dao marks here were complex like interlinked spider webs, and they were changing all the time.


 Even though Ascending Heaven Plain looked peaceful and safe currently, danger was lurking everywhere, it was full of life threatening traps.


 Even Gu Immortals would suffer terrifying damage from the space path dao marks here if they were careless.


 “Blazing Heaven Demoness brought me here to test the capabilities of my wisdom path methods, and also to suppress me through a show of force.”


 “She is probably still suspicious that I am relying on Purple Mountain True Monarch, not using my personal wisdom path methods, instead acting as a middleman. After all, the things I deduced were all predetermined matters, the deductions could be prepared earlier. Only in this environment which is ever-changing can my wisdom path ability truly be tested.”


 It was not surprising that Blazing Heaven Demoness would be suspicious.


 After all, Fang Yuan’s display of wisdom path methods was too sudden. Furthermore, he was an immortal zombie!


 There were wisdom path immortal zombies, but after becoming an immortal zombie, it was rare for them to still have such formidable wisdom path methods.


 Fang Yuan’s mind was filled with star thoughts, colliding continuously.


 With star thought Immortal Gu, he no longer lacked star thoughts, this gave Fang Yuan a great amount of confidence.


 After a while, he continued moving forward, progressing towards Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s Immortal Gu House.


 One step, two steps, three steps...


 After eleven steps, Fang Yuan stopped again.


 At this time and place, he was about three hundred steps away from Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s Immortal Gu House, but he had already caught up to the farthest Gu Immortal.


 This Gu Immortal was from Ruo Lai clan, seeing that Fang Yuan had reached the same progress as him, he smiled without feeling ashamed.


 Fang Yuan deduced again.


 The space path dao marks here were invisible and did not show traces, he had to make deductions to progress.


 He had already reached the end of the path that he deduced earlier.


 Fang Yuan needed to walk and stop, while deducing on the way.


 Deducing a long path was not worth it. Because the space path dao marks kept changing at varying speed, even if he deduced a long path, by the time he walked on half of it, the latter half would change. The result would be that half of his deduction was wasted.


 “I need to demonstrate my value so that I can participate in Yu Lu blessed land, I need to show my wisdom path ability. It seems that after this trip, my reputation as Wisdom Star is going to become renowned in Eastern Sea.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with starlight, he had an understanding while deducing.


 Several minutes later, he had surpassed many of the Gu Immortals on the ground, he was one of the closest people.


 “Wisdom Star Chen Dao...” Cai Xiong stared at Fang Yuan’s back as he muttered.


 “How old is he? This attainment level is at least wisdom path grandmaster.” Ruo Lai Gui Yi gritted his teeth.


 Song Jia Dan sighed internally: “It is a pity that my clan’s Song Jia Dan cannot come personally. Otherwise, this inheritance would have been ours long ago.”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was very pleased.


 With such an achievement, it was enough to be qualified to attack Yu Lu blessed land even in the vast Eastern Sea.


 At the same time, Blazing Heaven Demoness could not help but feel shock: “How many years has it been since Fang Yuan became an immortal? Not only did he cultivate strength path, he also has such an attainment in wisdom path! And from sister’s letter, he even displayed exemplary enslavement path methods in the imperial court contest. This shows how incredible his master Purple Mountain True Monarch is!”


 “This should be enough. I am a hundred and eight steps away from the Immortal Gu House now. Even though I can progress more, I am already one of the closest people, if I move any closer, I would attract trouble.” Fang Yuan assessed this situation.


 Relying on Blazing Heaven Demoness, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man could be bullied. But against Song clan, Cai clan, and Ruo Lai clan, Blazing Heaven Demoness was too weak.


 The space path dao marks here became more numerous and changed faster as one got closer to the inheritance.


 Thus, the difficulty of deduction rose rapidly.


 With just Fang Yuan’s capabilities, he could not get to the Immortal Gu House.


 Especially after he got to within the range of eighty steps, he would need a wisdom path immortal killer move.


 The wisdom path immortal killer move here did not mean defensive methods like star fog concealment, or attacking methods like myriad star fireflies, it needed to be specialized for deductions.


 Fang Yuan did not have this foundation.


 But he had wisdom Gu.


 Even though he did not subdue wisdom Gu, he could use the light of wisdom. Relying on it, he could obtain a result that far surpassed any deduction wisdom path killer move.


 If he had the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan would have broken through already, he would be fifty steps away, not a hundred.


 The light of wisdom naturally could not be known to others, and in any case, if Fang Yuan obtained the inheritance, he would not be able to leave.


 The three super forces were wolves waiting to pounce, how could Fang Yuan leave after taking their food?


 Thus, Fang Yuan stopped, looking at Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness laughed internally, Fang Yuan truly was very aware of the situation.


 Not to mention this rank six immortal zombie, even with her rank eight cultivation level, she did not dare to attempt to take the treasure here.


 She wanted to leave already.


 But leaving without fighting would cause trouble.


 Song clan, Cai clan, and Ruo Lai clan were three super forces that treated Ascending Heaven Plain as theirs, Blazing Heaven Demoness coming here would cause others to place their attention here if they did not show a firm stance now.


 And for Blazing Heaven Demoness, if she left now, the three super forces would pursue the matter for sure. She might as well stay and settle it now.


 It was impossible unless she fought with a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 As expected, not long later, rank eight Gu Immortals from the three clans appeared, getting into a vague alliance as they spoke with Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, although alone, was not weak in stance, she suggested for them to fight.


 The four immortals flew to white heaven, the scene of their fight was unknown to everyone.


 After fighting, Blazing Heaven Demoness descended, laughing loudly as she left with Fang Yuan.


 The three rank eights from Song clan, Cai clan, and Ruo Lai clan showed deep wariness and solemness in their eyes.


 They secretly conversed.


 “I have heard that Northern Plains Gu Immortals have incredible battle strength, above the other four regions. After this battle with Blazing Heaven today, it appears true.”


 “Although she is an immortal zombie, she has incredible battle strength. We can only resist her when two of us collaborate. She has great grandmaster fire path attainment level...”


 “This woman cannot be underestimated. Earlier in Northern Plains, she destroyed a fragment world of the immemorial nine heavens, giving her the title of Blazing Heaven Demoness, she is extremely thuggish and unscrupulous, even though she left, in my opinion, we need to guard against her.”


 “Mm, your words make sense!”



***
Chapter 987 - Star Fog Conceals Traces


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eastern Sea, Twin Polar Sea Strait.


 The sounds of waves penetrated the thick fog as it entered the sea strait.


 Song Jia Dan sat beside the cliff, his eyes were shut as he rested.


 His lower body was encased in grey stone. His upper body had the appearance of an old man, it was extremely wrinkled and he looked very aged.


 Suddenly, his eyelids moved, he sensed that Song clan’s first supreme elder, the rank eight Gu Immortal Song Qi Yuan, had used his token.


 At Song Jia Dan’s will, the fog dispersed, revealing a path to walk on.


 A moment later, from the path, two figures walked in.


 One male and one female, both Gu Immortals.


 The female immortal was dressed in white, she was like a lotus flower, pure and moving, her clear eyes were oozing with liveliness and anticipation. The male immortal was middle aged, he was experienced and mature, walking behind the female immortal.


 “Uncle Jia Dan!” Song Yi Shi called out from afar.


 Song Jia Dan wanted to smile, but his face was firm like a statue, his muscles were stiff and could show no expression.


 His wisdom path cultivation was very unique. He could fuse with the world and make deductions, they were often very accurate.


 But the advantages came with disadvantages, Song Jia Dan lost his freedom, his lower body turned into stone and had fused with Twin Polar Sea Strait. When his lifespan runs out, he would turn into stone completely, losing all life.


 Eventually, Song Jia Dan could only speak expressionlessly in a low and drawn out tone: “Little Shi, cousin Xia Qi, it has been a long time.”


 The people who came to Twin Polar Sea Strait to visit Song Jia Dan were Song clan’s Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi.


 “Uncle Jia Dan, this is grandfather’s token, please take a look.” Song Yi Shi first handed the token to Song Jia Dan.


 Song Jia Dan inspected it thoroughly and nodded, asking: “This time, what do you want to deduce?”


 Song Xia Qi spoke: “This time, we are here for the Tian Nan inheritance in Ascending Heaven Plain.”


 Song Jia Dan pondered: “Ascending Heaven Plain’s space path dao marks are complex and ever-changing. I cannot go personally, thus I cannot deduce the path spontaneously. But Ruo Lai clan and Cai clan have no powerful wisdom path Gu Immortals. I believe that all of you can succeed using the wisdom path Immortal Gu that I have.”


 Song Yi Shi smiled lightly: “Uncle Jia Dan, there has been a change in Ascending Heaven Plain.”


 “Oh?”


 Immediately, Song Yi Shi talked about Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fang Yuan, about how they entered Ascending Heaven Plain.


 Song Jia Dan immediately understood Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi’s intentions, he spoke: “So you want to employ this Wisdom Star to help Song clan obtain the inheritance.”


 “That’s right. Wisdom Star is not a member of Zombie Alliance, he is only Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s good friend, he is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, coming here because of the earth tide. Since he can work for Zombie Alliance, he can also be employed by Song clan. He had quite an amazing wisdom path attainment, if we are slow and the other two clans take action first, we would get into a passive situation.” Song Xia Qi said.


 “So you are here to ask me to deduce matters regarding Wisdom Star?” Song Jia Dan continued.


 Song Yi Shi nodded: “Uncle, we really cannot hide anything from you. That’s right! Since we want to employ Wisdom Star, we need to know about his background, after all, he is not a clansman. Most importantly, the other party is also a wisdom path Gu Immortal, if he tries to scheme, we will not only suffer a loss, we will also lose our face. Thus this time, we need you to use your methods and see if you can defeat this Northern Plains wisdom path Gu Immortal.”


 Song Jia Dan’s eyes were lowered, he had a hint of hesitation: “But this Wisdom Star Chen Dao can crack the method that I used for Shark Demon, and he was able to achieve that much in Ascending Heaven Plain, that means he not only has wisdom path attainment, he even has wisdom path Immortal Gu. It goes against the usual customs and manners of us wisdom path Gu Immortals if I make deductions on such a wisdom path expert abruptly. If I am careless, we may attract the animosity of the other party and create a strong wisdom path enemy for our clan.”


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan was disguised as Xing Xiang Zi, because he peeked at Song Yi Shi when bathing, Song Jia Dan made deductions on him.


 In this life, Fang Yuan was disguised as Wisdom Star, he did not leave behind any flaws, and most importantly, he had incredible wisdom path methods, this made Song Jia Dan very apprehensive.


 Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi looked at each other, the former did not speak while the latter said: “There are advantages and disadvantages in everything, it depends on our judgment. Before coming here, we have already discussed with first supreme elder and second supreme elder, cousin Jia Dan, please do it.”


 Song Jia Dan nodded, even though he was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he was not in charge of making decisions in the clan.


 In that case, he no longer hesitated.


 After preparing for a while, he took action.


 A long while later, Song Jia Dan opened his eyes, showing signs of fatigue in his eyes: “I could not deduce anything.”


 “What? Uncle, you are one of the three strongest wisdom path Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea, how can you fail the deduction?”


 “Is this Chen Dao really that formidable in terms of wisdom path? He can already match cousin?”


 Song Yi Shi and Song Xia Qi were both very shocked.


 Song Jia Dan shook his head: “A person’s effort is limited, while heaven’s will is unpredictable. Maybe this Chen Dao is very skilled, able to block all my deduction methods, or maybe he isn’t in Eastern Sea.”


 “Not in Eastern Sea? Where can he be? The earth tide is gone, there is still a long time until the next earth tide.” Song Yi Shi was very confused.


 “Every immortal aperture is a small world, it is isolated from the outside world. I am only rank seven, it is not strange that I could not deduce it.”


 “Is that so...” Song Yi Shi muttered, feeling dejected and disappointed.


 Song Jia Dan’s words shifted, saying: “I am more concerned about Ascending Heaven Plain. This place can connect to white heaven and black heaven, it is of strategic importance and is wanted by many. Just now, even though Blazing Heaven Demoness left, we did not defeat her. This would lead to increase in the greed of others. We have to be careful of Eastern Sea’s lone immortals and demonic cultivators. And although the other righteous path super forces cannot interfere directly, they can use their influence to meddle with the situation in Ascending Heaven Plain. These are our biggest lurking dangers.”


 “Cousin is truly wise, this makes perfect sense!” Song Xia Qi’s expression changed, he nodded repeatedly.


 Song Yi Shi also showed an expression of worry.


 “Rather than deducing Wisdom Star Chen Dao, I might as well deduce this matter. Don’t worry, as long as you use my arrangement, you will defeat the lone immortals and demonic cultivators, we can even use their strength to weaken Ruo Lai clan and Cai clan.” Song Jia Dan was very confident.


 ...


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Star fog concealment!”


 Fang Yuan willed, using his immortal killer move.


 Immediately, fog made of starlight came out of his second immortal aperture.


 Soon, the star fog shrouded Fang Yuan’s entire body, blurring his facial features. Others could only see a vague figure of Fang Yuan inside the fog.


 “I finally succeeded in deducing the modified star fog concealment!”


 Fang Yuan inspected it and felt joyous.


 This star fog concealment could defend against the deductions of others against himself.


 After leaving Ascending Heaven Plain and negotiating with Blazing Heaven Demoness, he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land and used the light of wisdom to modify the original star fog concealment.


 The original star fog concealment had two core Immortal Gu, one of them was star thought Immortal Gu.


 The modified star fog concealment also had two core Immortal Gu. Star thought Immortal Gu was one of them, while the other was replaced with unravel mystery Immortal Gu.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, the wisdom path Immortal Gu Unravel Mystery that he could not utilize well previously was starting to display its capabilities.


 “The trip to Ascending Heaven Plain earlier will soon make the name of Wisdom Star spread throughout Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world. By then, there will be many who will try to make deductions on me, to find information on Wisdom Star. Familiar face is a transformation path killer move, it can disguise me, but it cannot block deductions. With star fog concealment, I am much safer in Eastern Sea.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Of course, the defense of star fog concealment had its limits.


 Firstly, it could only defend against deductions from others, it could not block fire, wind, water, or physical punches and kicks.


 Secondly, it only used two rank six Immortal Gu as the core, if a rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal makes a deduction, it would only be able to defend for a while before collapsing.


 But star fog concealment did not need constant activation. The star fog produced after activation was a layer of defense, as long as the fog remained, it could defend him.


 “This star fog is filled with tiny fragments of star path and wisdom path dao mark. Because of this jumbled mix of fragments, I can block outside deductions. Even if Song Jia Dan makes a deduction, the star fog can block him for a while, it would alert me and I would be able to use Fixed Immortal Travel to hide in a blessed land.”


 Once he entered a blessed land, he would be in another world, even a rank eight wisdom path great expert would be unable to make any deductions on him.


 First, he created star soul battlefield, next, he made star fog concealment. Two of Fang Yuan’s weaknesses had been eliminated.


 Next, he should focus on refining the rank six all-out effort Immortal Gu, at the same time, he had to patiently wait for Blazing Heaven Demoness to act.


 “In my previous life, Blazing Heaven Demoness had succeeded in pushing aside Shark Demon and Su Bai Man, but because the timing was bad, she had to go to Northern Plains. Right now, with my influence, progress in Yu Lu blessed land was much faster, thus she can take action early, we should have enough time. I hope that the rewards in this Yu Lu blessed land will not be as disappointing as the dream realm inside the Starry Sky grotto-heaven fragment world.”


 Earlier, Fang Yuan got through the second layer of the dream realm and came to the third, reaching a new layer that he did not enter in his previous life.


 Both his wisdom path and star path attainment levels had risen, but they were still at grandmaster level.


 But the most important thing was, the third layer of the dream realm was very strange.


 Fang Yuan could not understand.


 The third layer of the dream realm collapsed on its own, not giving Fang Yuan any boost to his attainment levels.


 And in the dream, the song that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable recited could not be recalled by Fang Yuan no matter what he tried.


 Days passed by.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness finally settled the relationships within Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, similarly to Fang Yuan’s previous life, she used Bo Dan as an excuse to oust Shark Demon and Su Bai Man.


 Fang Yuan did not participate in this.


 He would only take action when Blazing Heaven Demoness was attacking Yu Lu blessed land.


 As he expected, even though the battlefield killer move unmoving troops was mystical, it did not have anyone controlling it, it was like an empty formation. Fang Yuan expended a huge amount of mental energy and immortal essence, unraveling this final level and completely capturing Yu Lu blessed land.


 “There is only one strength path Immortal Gu, don’t think about it, this is a present I am giving to Little Lan. According to our agreement, you can take two rank six Immortal Gu. But this star path Immortal Gu, even though it is only rank six, it is on the list of top ten mystical Gu, it has immense value. If you choose it, you will not be able to take another Immortal Gu.” Blazing Heaven Demoness said to Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 988 - Star Eyes Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Star Form blessed land.


 Fang Yuan concentrated, without any distraction, on refining all-out effort Gu.


 Large amounts of immortal materials had fused into a lump of liquid.


 The yellow-brown liquid was floating in the air.


 At Fang Yuan’s will, his second vital Gu, all-out effort Gu, shot into the liquid.


 “Rise.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan grunted as he stretched out his hand, his five fingers opened and grabbed at the ground.


 Crack crack.


 With bursts of sound, the rocks on the ground rumbled and completely surrounded the liquid, forming a big muddy ball.


 This was an earth path refinement path killer move. Not long ago, Fang Yuan had traded for it with Lang Ya land spirit.


 This was a small benefit of joining Lang Ya Sect.


 Of course, he had to pay a price.


 Fang Yuan deduced an Immortal Gu recipe for Lang Ya land spirit, completing thirty percent of it.


 This refinement path killer move, even though it was not immortal level, was very useful. The all-out effort Gu recipe that Fang Yuan had modified used this refinement path killer move many times during the process of refinement.


 Blood refinement killer move — Blood Refinement Snake!


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, his eyes, nose, and ears, all his seven orifices started to bleed.


 The blood flowed continuously, forming seven snakes that slithered around and hissed, producing scary sounds.


 The seven snakes climbed onto the muddy ball.


 The muddy ball was coiled around, becoming a ball of snakes.


 Fang Yuan threw mortal Gu in continuously, as the blood snakes opened their mouths and ate. With every Gu worm that they ate, their bodies would sink into the muddy ball.


 Two hours later, the blood snakes completely fused into the muddy ball.


 On the muddy ball’s surface, there were countless red snake scales.


 The entire muddy ball almost seemed to be alive, the red snake scales flickered with faint light, it seemed like this muddy ball was breathing with life.


 Fang Yuan roasted it with fire.


 These were three different types of fire, roasting the muddy ball of snake scales in turns.


 The blue fire made the flickering of the muddy ball’s scales less frequent, as a layer of frost appeared on the red scales.


 Fang Yuan used a green fire next.


 After roasting it, the muddy ball became more lively, from the frost, a layer of moss grew.


 Finally, Fang Yuan used a yellow fire.


 From within the fire, the moss on the muddy ball hardened, turning into a brown cocoon of blood. The cocoon of blood was flickering with golden light, as if golden sand was mixed in it.


 The yellow fire roasted the muddy ball for the longest time.


 After roasting it for a day and a night, the brown muddy ball turned into a pure golden color.


 By this point, he had finally finished a crucial step.


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh, he obtained some precious time to rest, he slept for two days and two nights.


 After recovering completely, he took out the golden muddy ball.


 The original brown muddy ball was a large as a basin, but the golden one was only slightly larger than a baby’s head.


 Next was another crucial step.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, activating a special Gu worm, attacking the golden ball.


 With a bang, the golden muddy ball exploded, endless gold powder scattered around the surrounding three li.


 “Failed!” Fang Yuan’s expression was grim, his expectant gaze had dimmed.


 The gold powder was all over the place, but nothing else was left. If he had succeeded, a half-completed Immortal Gu would have been formed!


 But unfortunately, it did not.


 The immortal materials and immortal essence stones that he had invested earlier were all wasted. His only gain was the experience of refining the Gu, during his next attempt, he would be slightly more proficient.


 Sighing, Fang Yuan quickly settled his mood, becoming calm once again.


 Refining Immortal Gu was not easy, the success rate was too low.


 This failure was very normal. He could only continue to accumulate immortal materials and try again next time.


 Fang Yuan had refined Spring Autumn Cicada in his previous life, and succeeded in refining star thought Immortal Gu now, after these experiences, he had a very strong mental fortitude in terms of this.


 After resting for a bit, he used Fixed Immortal Travel and left the blessed land, arriving in Southern Border.


 It was night time.


 Fang Yuan flew up into the clouds.


 Above the clouds, the stars in the sky could be seen shining brightly.


 Star Eyes!


 This Immortal Gu was recently obtained by Fang Yuan.


 It was his reward in Yu Lu blessed land.


 Fang Yuan activated this Immortal Gu, immediately the pupils in his eyes turned into whirlpools, spiralling and spinning non-stop.


 A formless attractive force sucked the starlight in the night sky into Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Rank six Immortal Gu Star Eyes, tenth on the list of top ten mystical Gu!


 This was an investigative Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not lack investigative methods, but after careful consideration, he still chose this Immortal Gu.


 That was because this Gu’s investigative ability far exceeded most investigative immortal killer moves!


 Using Star Eyes, Fang Yuan could turn the stars in the night sky into his own eyes temporarily, using them for observation.


 The light of stars in black heaven shined over all five regions. Any place with the light of stars shining on them could be seen and investigated by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan could stay in Central Continent and use the stars in the night sky to observe Southern Border and Northern Plains.


 Thus, this Gu was at tenth.


 “It is a pity, if it did not have this weakness, its position would rise by two or three places.”


 Star eyes Immortal Gu’s weakness was that it could not be used immediately. Before using it, there was a need to connect with the stars.


 Fang Yuan was doing this now.


 The spiralling in his eyes slowed in speed, as the light of the stars were drawn in and filtered, until the remaining starlight intertwined together, forming a trace of starlight that was the thickness of a finger.


 One in his left eye, one in his right eye, a total of two starlight traces.


 These two traces were formed from starlight, one was connected to Fang Yuan’s pupils, while the other was connected to a star in black heaven.


 Beads of green grape immortal essence were expended.


 Star eyes Immortal Gu continued to be activated, as a mystical force was transmitted through the traces of starlight towards the end point.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes had been wide open, but now his vision was filled with darkness.


 But with the continued activation of star eyes Immortal Gu, he could gradually see a faint blue speck in the darkness.


 Time continued to pass, soon, the night was over.


 Fang Yuan’s vision was still covered by darkness. But at the center, the blue light had already expanded by quite a bit.


 “In time, this blue light will grow larger and larger, regaining its appearance as a star. Hopefully, the light of the star that I chose is small, otherwise, to completely make use of it, I would need a lot of time and effort!”


 If the starlight was small, Fang Yuan could turn it into his tool much quicker.


 Even though a smaller star’s starlight was dimmer, and a larger star’s starlight had greater penetrative force.


 But Fang Yuan still preferred the former, he wanted to quickly be able to use star eyes Immortal Gu.


 The sky turned bright, Fang Yuan finally stopped.


 He counted, after one night, he had consumed eight beads of immortal essence to activate Star Eyes!


 “Star Eyes is at tenth, a flaw is that its expenditure is too high. To refine a star, the consumption is around ten attempts at refining rank six Immortal Gu. Thankfully, I can bear it.”


 “In fact, my star path attainment level is grandmaster, and with the light of wisdom, Star Eyes can combine into other immortal killer moves and show great use. Most importantly, if I can combine the use of Star Eyes and Fixed Immortal Travel...”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts wandered, thinking of this combination, he smiled.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness must have known this point beforehand, placing so much emphasis on star eyes Immortal Gu.


 It was true, Star Eyes and Fixed Immortal Travel had very complementary effects.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan attempted to refine all-out effort Immortal Gu while deciphering the battlefield killer moves left behind by Fairy Yu Lu. Among which, the most important information was the method to create a battlefield killer move in an immortal aperture without harming it.


 All the while, Fang Yuan found some time to use star eyes Immortal Gu and refine the star in black heaven.


 Furthermore, he had been paying close attention to the information of the outside world.


 Time passed quickly while Fang Yuan was hard at work.


 The situation in Northern Plains and Central Continent was not much different from in his previous life.


 But in Eastern Sea, Ascending Heaven Plain’s situation changed. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, large numbers of lone cultivators and demonic immortals charged into Ascending Heaven Plain, messing up the arrangements created by Song clan, Cai clan and Ruo Lai clan.


 In this process, Seven Seas Snake Woman even laughed at Song Yi Shi, causing her to destroy a village by the sea, killing Li Xiao Yao’s ancestor.


 But now, these lone cultivators and demonic immortals were attacked by the combined forces of Song clan, Cai clan, and Ruo Lai clan, they broke apart before they even did anything. The reason was because Blazing Heaven Demoness brought Fang Yuan and caused trouble first, resulting in them becoming more alert. The internal conflicts between the clans also became more limited and controlled. With the appearance of outsiders, the three clans collaborated immediately.


 Fang Yuan was most concerned about Luo Po valley.


 He knew that Luo Po valley was undergoing the hundred days battle!


 Led by Feng Jiu Ge, Central Continent’s side were battling against the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals led by Qin Bai Sheng. Fang Yuan wanted to know about the situation of the battle, but he could not find out.


 He could only set up some investigative Gu about a hundred li away from Luo Po valley.


 This was a very dangerous range.


 If he got closer, the Gu Immortals from both sides would likely discover him.


 Be it Central Continent or Shadow Sect, they were not to be trifled with. They were fighting to the death in the valley, they were definitely afraid of third parties trying to benefit from this. They would inevitably set up many investigative and counter-investigative methods, setting up battlefield killer moves and Gu formations in advance.


 “Now is different from my previous life, I purposely kept Xue Song Zi alive to increase Shadow Sect’s strength. The overall situation in the hundred days battle will likely change.”


 In his previous life, Shadow Sect failed, but people managed to escape. Even though Central Continent won, they lost Feng Jiu Ge, it was only a pyrrhic victory.


 This time, Fang Yuan was very curious about the result of the new hundred days battle.


 But before the winner was decided, he did not want to interfere. Having lost Self Strength and failing to refine all-out effort Gu, he did not have enough confidence now.


 Time continued to pass, three days had already gone by since the end of the hundred days battle during his previous life.


 Fang Yuan pinched his fingers as he deduced, he was already in Northern Plains, waiting patiently.


 There was finally a reaction from Luo Po valley!



***
Chapter 989 - Chasing Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Two figures emerged from Luo Po valley, one in front and one behind.


 They were the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie and Hei Cheng!


 Fang Yuan went on alert, his gaze followed the two, he did not chase them immediately.


 After a while, there were no Central Continent Gu Immortals who came out of Luo Po valley.


 Fang Yuan guessed in his mind: “It seems that even though I kept Xue Song Zi alive, the result was only stalled by three days. Shadow Sect still lost, now it seems only the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie and Hei Cheng escaped.”


 Actually, this result was not strange.


 The decisive factor of this battle was the fighting between Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng.


 Fang Yuan kept Xue Song Zi alive, but just merely him alone did not have much of an impact towards the two experts.


 “I wonder if there are any other changes in the hundred days battle in Luo Po valley this time?” Fang Yuan thought as he chased.


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie flew quickly, his speed was very fast, he turned into a black line in the air, shooting forward rapidly.


 “Who is it?!” Suddenly, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie stopped, his eyes burning with fire.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng appeared, smiling coldly: “You are finally here, you will die today!”


 “Merely a rank six, hmph!” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance burst out with killing intent, pouncing at lightning speed.


 Boom!


 He hit Tai Bai Yun Sheng harshly, the latter turned into a clump of bubbles and dissipated.


 “Illusion!” The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie’s heart jumped: “The other party is only rank six, he dares to obstruct a rank seven. Most importantly, how did he know my location? Is he a Northern Plains pawn of Central Continent? Earlier, he did not join the hundred days battle because his battle strength was too low, and could not do much? Or perhaps he just arrived? Or do the Central Continent Gu Immortals not trust him?”


 This Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, even though he was an immortal zombie, had high wisdom path attainment, in an instant, countless thoughts turned in his mind, he understood Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s objective.


 “He is only rank six, while I have rank seven cultivation level, and I have forty percent of my battle strength left! He is not my match, and has a Northern Plains Gu Immortal aura, the most likely reason is that he is just here to slow me down and delay my escape!”


 “Hehehe, slow down, no rush.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s illusion appeared again.


 This illusion was very vivid, earlier, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance was not paying attention and thought it was his true body.


 But now, after using investigative methods, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance took a look and found something amiss.


 “Hmph.” He snickered, flying far away.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s battle strength was not high, and he did not have fast movement abilities, he could only cause a disturbance.


 But the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance did not care, after realizing Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s intentions, he only thought of escaping.


 “Where do you think you’re going? Stay here.” Fang Yuan finally caught up.


 He had Fixed Immortal Travel, and arranged for Tai Bai Yun Sheng to slow him down, with their information path methods, he could keep an eye on the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, he could catch up easily.


 If not for the fact that Fang Yuan did not want to expose Fixed Immortal Travel and his identity in front of the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, he would have arrived long ago.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s arrival, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart was uplifted.


 Next was the crucial moment.


 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie saw Fang Yuan and his heart jumped, he was so scared he shuddered.


 “Feng Jiu Ge!” He screamed.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had used familiar face to turn into Feng Jiu Ge’s appearance.


 His battle strength was only at the peak of rank six. Because he enslaved the featherman Gu Immortal, his battle strength fell by a lot. If they properly fought, he would not be able to do much.


 But Fang Yuan had a trump card.


 This trump card was star soul battlefield.


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was only rank seven. After the hundred days battle, and breaking out with difficulty, his remaining battle strength would be less than half of usual.


 In this situation, as long as they forced the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie into star soul battlefield and used it to drain his strength, Fang Yuan could likely win.


 “Forget about Hei Cheng for now, he is like a stray dog, probably in a worse state than in my previous life, his Immortal Gu House has already been lost in Luo Po valley. Otherwise, why did the Central Continent Gu Immortals not chase him? He has heavy injuries and only has dark arrow Immortal Gu, he is not a concern.”


 “But this Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie is a crucial member. Qin Bai Sheng and Jiang Yu went through all means possible to keep him alive. During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he was one of the members inside the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, acting as a formation core!”


 “He is assigned an important mission, he will not die easily. In my previous life, after Old Ancestor Xue Hu captured him, he awaited the rescue of Zombie Alliance. Thus, there is a high chance of me capturing him.”


 “As long as I capture him, I can soul search him and Shadow Sect’s secrets will be exposed to me. Of course, if his soul was tampered with, it would be like Xue Song Zi in my previous life. But even then, when I kill him, it would be a huge loss to Shadow Sect in the execution of their plans.”


 Fang Yuan had many considerations, Shadow Sect had huge power, if he wanted to take Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, he would need to face this mysterious and powerful Gu Immortal force.


 According to Fang Yuan’s experience and ruthlessness, as well as his forceful personality, why would he not find trouble with Shadow Sect personally?


 Fang Yuan was not going to wait passively.


 This time, he was going to strike at their weakness and deal a huge blow to them!


 “Is it really Feng Jiu Ge?” The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie saw that Fang Yuan was approaching while having a thought.


 He was a core member of Shadow Sect, Qin Bai Sheng’s plan was not hidden from him.


 Before the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie broke out, he had seen Qin Bai Sheng using the location to drag Feng Jiu Ge, Ao Xue, and Ling Mei into the space of the Thieving Heaven true inheritance. Afterwards, Qin Bai Sheng would suicide, using the winds of assimilation to eliminate Feng Jiu Ge and the rest.


 How could Feng Jiu Ge appear here?


 The likelihood was very small!


 Because Shadow Sect had already learned: Zhao Lian Yun had been secretly sent to Central Continent.


 From Spirit Affinity House’s perspective, they had control of a Thieving Heaven true inheritance, they would naturally send Zhao Lian Yun there.


 “Unless, among Feng Jiu Ge, Ao Xue, and Ling Mei, one of them is an otherworldly demon! But we had investigated this beforehand too!”


 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie thought quickly as he recalled Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s previous illusion, feeling deeper suspicion towards the Feng Jiu Ge who was chasing him.


 Thus, he decided to use his investigative immortal killer move.


 After investigating, he broke out in cold sweat.


 “This is the real Feng Jiu Ge!” At once, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie wanted to grow a hundred pairs of wings to help him fly away faster.


 “My familiar face can fool even rank eight Gu Immortals. How can you overcome it? I have star fog concealment protecting me, which means, even if you use wisdom path methods, it will take a long time for you to find out my identity.”


 With star fog concealment, a large part of familiar face’s flaws were alleviated.


 Furthermore, if the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie makes deductions on Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan would sense that the star fog was thinning, he would naturally activate the immortal killer move star fog concealment again and resist the deduction, concealing the truth.


 Unless the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie had very strong wisdom path methods that could defeat star fog concealment quickly.


 But this was very unlikely.


 At least, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, in the information he got from Hei Lou Lan, there was nothing that stated the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie had shown any wisdom path methods during the hundred days battle.


 Familiar face’s power was fully displayed at this moment.


 Even though it did not have attacking power, the great Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, having one of the ten extreme physiques with rank seven battle strength, was sent into shock by Fang Yuan, and escaped in a panic.


 He had powerful movement ability, at least two immortal killer moves were meant for movement.


 Fang Yuan’s flying speed could not keep up with the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie.


 But Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Fang Yuan had used wisdom path methods to scout the surrounding area completely already.


 As long as he knew the direction that the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was going, Fang Yuan would teleport there and block his path.


 This way, Fang Yuan chased and obstructed him at times, doing this repeatedly, he gradually chased the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie towards the area he had made his arrangements.


 There, Fang Yuan had placed many Gu worms and set up most of the star soul battlefield. Once he gets there, he would use his Immortal Gu and in a few breaths’ time, star soul battlefield would be formed.


 Once the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie falls into star soul battlefield, he would be a trapped beast.


 But just as the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal killer move was forced towards Fang Yuan’s specially created trap, he suddenly turned around, using an immortal killer move to attack Fang Yuan!


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 The blazing red flames shot towards Fang Yuan.


 The temperature in the air rose, Fang Yuan felt incomparable heat before the flames even reached him, his eyebrows and hair were turning charred.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed sharply, he had to retreat!


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie laughed heartily: “Lowly rat, you actually dared to deceive me!”


 Fang Yuan sighed secretly, no plans were perfect. His biggest flaw was that his flying speed was too slow.


 In the hundred days battle, Feng Jiu Ge displayed incredible speed, Fang Yuan could not replicate it.


 This flaw made the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie increasingly suspicious.


 As his suspicions grew, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie started to guess Fang Yuan’s motives.


 Not only did he have great battle strength, he had a meticulous mind, even as an immortal zombie, he was not held back by its weakness, he was very astute.


 Fang Yuan almost succeeded in his plan, but at the crucial moment, it failed.


 Now, the situation had turned around.


 Fang Yuan was the one in grave danger!


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie’s flying speed was much faster than Fang Yuan’s. Fang Yuan had enslaved the featherman Gu Immortal, his situation was very bad.


 After dodging the flames with much difficulty, Fang Yuan was in a pathetic state.


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was angry that Fang Yuan deceived him, he was greatly enraged, he charged towards this fake ‘Feng Jiu Ge’.


 Fang Yuan suddenly looked inspired, laughing: “Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, you fell for it! Everyone, my mission is complete, I will leave the rest to you.”


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was shocked, he subconsciously turned around and escaped for his life.



***
Chapter 990 - Fang Yuan’s Second Entry into Luo Po Valley


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing that Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was flying away, Fang Yuan relaxed, he immediately left in the opposite direction.


 Although he had Fixed Immortal Travel, it was best that he did not expose this Gu.


 Fixed Immortal Travel was too obvious, if it was exposed, even if one was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, they could deduce the true identity of Fang Yuan.


 “I have Fixed Immortal Travel, many Gu Immortals know that. Sigh, if not for that, it would be much more convenient for me to do things.”


 Fang Yuan flew towards the direction he had set up the battlefield killer move, a moment later, he arrived at his destination.


 There, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been waiting already.


 “The strategy to force the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie here failed.” Fang Yuan said solemnly.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed in relief: “In my opinion, this is a good thing. After all, with just the two of us, to deal with a rank seven Gu Immortal, it is very dangerous. Actually, Fang Yuan, you do not need to be so anxious, Central Continent still hasn’t found us, right? Even if they found us, master would not leave us in the lurch. Don’t forget, we have Fixed Immortal Travel, where can we not go in this world? We can develop peacefully now and accumulate our strength. Why is there a need to put ourselves in danger all the time?”


 Fang Yuan sighed, he shook his head and did not speak.


 Fang Yuan did not tell Tai Bai Yun Sheng about the Immortal Gu House.


 It was not that he did not want to develop peacefully, but the situation did not allow it. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not a person from the future like Fang Yuan, only with his five hundred years of experience did Fang Yuan know how deep the Gu Immortal world’s secrets could be.


 Once the truth of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was exposed, the suppression of Heavenly Court and the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent would come faster and with greater severity than Tai Bai Yun Sheng could imagine.


 Even if Fang Yuan wanted to develop peacefully, he would not be able to.


 His businesses would definitely suffer greatly.


 As long as Heavenly Court hands out false information that Fang Yuan had obtained an immense amount of wealth inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and has countless Immortal Gu with him, as well as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path true inheritance.


 Then no matter where he went, he would be suppressed and chased after.


 After all, the current era was not the one where dream realm flourished. It was no exaggeration that Fang Yuan, with Giant Sun’s true inheritance, would become the focus of the entire Gu Immortal world.


 Fang Yuan with only rank six bottom tier cultivation level would become the target of countless greedy people.


 By then, Fang Yuan, with insufficient battle strength, would have to roam everywhere like a stray dog.


 Even if he wanted to develop, he would not be able to.


 Don’t forget, he had to undergo calamities and tribulations, once in a while, he would be faced with them.


 But if he had the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, everything would be different.


 Rank eight battle strength was at the peak of the Gu Immortal world. A Fang Yuan who had nothing but cultivation level at the bottom of rank six could be hunted down by the entire world. But a Fang Yuan with rank eight battle strength would only be targeted by rank eight Gu Immortals or super forces that owned Immortal Gu Houses.


 Even if they had strength, they needed time, effort, and most importantly, confidence in taking down Fang Yuan.


 Thus, these two situations were vastly different.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw that Fang Yuan was silent and spoke to console him: “Fang Yuan, are you forcing yourself too much? No need to be like this. Actually, you can change your lifestyle. We are immortals, we should enjoy life occasionally, shouldn’t we?”


 “I am enjoying life now.” Fang Yuan gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a glance, before looking into the horizon: “It has been a while, but we have not seen that Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie approaching, he is truly cool-headed! With his intelligence, he should have been able to know that I was lying very quickly. But that person was not overcome by rage, he used the chance to leave instead.”


 “Oh you.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook his head, sighing: “But this Gu formation that you set up is quite something, it is very interesting. It surrounds an area of tens of thousands of li, it is the largest Gu formation I have seen, and within it, I can actually control Gu worms and create illusions. Most importantly, the Gu worms used to create this formation are all mortal Gu. Where did you get it? Was it obtained from Yu Lu blessed land as well?”


 Fang Yuan nodded, but did not explain it.


 He had not only obtained star eyes Immortal Gu from Yu Lu blessed land, he had also gotten Fairy Yu Lu’s cultivation knowledge.


 From it, he had an inspiration, and using the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan created this huge Gu formation that was designed for this situation.


 Fang Yuan said: “Just an area of ten of thousands of li, so what? Look at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it covers the entirety of Northern Plains! And this Gu formation is actually very weak, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie merely did not break it because he was busy escaping and did not have the time for it. Alright, let’s go, we are going to chase Hei Cheng.”


 Fang Yuan’s plan against the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie did not work, the other party was simply too astute.


 But Fang Yuan was not going to let Hei Cheng go.


 Fang Yuan had planned for the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong to tail Hei Cheng, he instructed him to follow secretly and avoid battling.


 The process of chasing Hei Cheng was very successful.


 Even though Hei Cheng had high cultivation level, he was injured and only had dark arrow Immortal Gu, he had also experienced the hundred days battle.


 Fang Yuan did the same thing again and set up the trap.


 This time, he did not turn into Feng Jiu Ge, but pretended to be Old Lord Can Yang.


 Hei Cheng was escaping and fell into the trap easily.


 Fang Yuan had been waiting for a long time, he activated his Immortal Gu and opened the star soul battlefield.


 The pitiful Hei Cheng was continuously weakened by star soul battlefield, he had no choice but to scream surrender.


 Fang Yuan did not take his life, instead, capturing him alive.


 This way, Hei Cheng became the first gain that Fang Yuan had after creating star soul battlefield.


 Hei Cheng had great value, at the very least, if he were to be sold to Hei Lou Lan, she would be willing to be extorted by a huge sum.


 But before this, Fang Yuan had to conduct a thorough soul search on Hei Cheng.


 He had obtained information from Hei Lou Lan in his previous life, but how could that compare to Fang Yuan’s personal search?


 Bringing along the captive Hei Cheng, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 He rested while observing Northern Plains’ situation.


 “My next target is Luo Po valley. Once I have it, together with Dang Hun Mountain, my soul foundation will grow at a rapid pace! The backlash of using slavery Immortal Gu will be quickly eliminated, and my battle strength will recover!” Fang Yuan had a strong desire towards Luo Po valley.


 Back then, he had chosen to trade for slavery Immortal Gu because of Luo Po valley’s existence.


 Fang Yuan wanted to take Luo Po valley, but he needed to wait for some time.


 After soul searching Hei Cheng, Fang Yuan knew that during the initial period of the hundred days battle, Xue Song Zi died. The rest of the battle was similar to his previous life, and towards the end, it was nearly identical.


 “Feng Jiu Ge was trapped by Qin Bai Sheng using some unknown method. By now, Luo Po valley has been taken over by the Central Continent Gu Immortals, it is not time to go yet.”


 Fang Yuan waited patiently.


 He would never lack patience.


 Soon, the situation in Northern Plains changed, Fang Yuan’s attention was drawn over.


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie escaped and sneaked into Earth Trench, but found out that Old Ancestor Xue Hu was stealing immortal zombie corpses.


 A battle ensued, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie was captured, while Old Ancestor Xue Hu was exposed, attracting the rage of Zombie Alliance.


 Even though the hundred days battle was dragged on by a few days, the incident regarding Old Ancestor Xue Hu still occurred.


 Fang Yuan felt a bit of pity regarding this.


 He did not want Blazing Heaven Demoness to return to Northern Plains so quickly.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness, along with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, these three immortals together gave Fang Yuan a lot of pressure.


 He still wanted to sell Hei Cheng for a good price.


 But if Blazing Heaven Demoness helped Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan would be very passive.


 Later developments were almost the same as in his previous life.


 Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance ordered Blazing Heaven Demoness to return to Northern Plains and defend Dark Flow Giant City.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was the leader of the Northern Plains Zombie Alliance branch, she could not refuse it.


 Even though she knew that Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, to play it safe, she chose two rank eight immortal zombies and some others to accompany her in passing the regional walls.


 Fang Yuan told Blazing Heaven Demoness a plan, saying that he had deduced it using wisdom path methods.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness heard it and praised him: “This plan is brilliant, I like it. Old Ancestor Xue Hu is hard to deal with, but he has a weakness, that is, he lacks immortal materials to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu. Tell me, knowing your personality, what do you want in return for giving me this plan?”


 Blazing Heaven Demoness did not know that this was a plan that she had come up with after returning to Dark Flow City and thinking deeply for a long time.


 Fang Yuan told her that he wanted strength path immortal zombie bodies.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness hesitated, but thinking about Fang Yuan’s deep background, she agreed to it.


 Fang Yuan was doing this for assurance.


 In case he fails in obtaining the Immortal Gu House and the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, he still had a way out.


 Time passed rapidly.


 Fang Yuan was investigating Central Continent, and knew that the Central Continent Gu Immortals had started to leave Northern Plains.


 “It is time to take Luo Po valley.”


 Fang Yuan mobilized Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Zhou Zhong, using Fixed Immortal Travel to get to the deepest part of Luo Po valley.


 He had come here in his previous life, and after soul searching Hei Cheng, he knew the scenery of Luo Po valley. Thus, it was easy to get here.


 At this time, Hui Feng Zi, who had surrendered to Central Continent, was guarding this place, preventing anyone from entering Luo Po valley. He did not know that Fang Yuan was already inside.


 Immortal Gu Pulling Mountain!


 Fang Yuan had just activated this Immortal Gu and was about to take Luo Po valley into his immortal aperture when a change occurred.


 In his ears, a voice could be heard.


 It was when he was in the dream realm, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had once sang —


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 “Alas...”


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


 This time, Fang Yuan heard it clearly. At the same time, a wave of information entered his mind.


 Fang Yuan’s shock was beyond description!


 “Luo Po valley actually has a Thieving Heaven true inheritance?!”



***
Chapter 991 - Inheriting the Thieving Heaven True Inheritance!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even the person involved, Fang Yuan, did not know the reason.


 When Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s song echoed in his ears again, he received some mysterious information in his mind.


 The information told him that at a certain area in Luo Po valley, a Thieving Heaven true inheritance was hidden!


 Fang Yuan was greatly enticed.


 And also very suspicious.


 “This isn’t a trap left by the Central Continent Gu Immortals, right? In which there is actually no Thieving Heaven true inheritance, but it is a wisdom path method specially used to influence the rationality of enemies who enter the valley?”


 Fang Yuan quickly calmed down, and began to inspect all over his body as well as the surrounding environment.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s song had appeared abruptly and disappeared just as quickly.


 Fang Yuan inspected himself and found nothing wrong.


 He then checked his surroundings, the many Gu formations arranged in Luo Po valley as well as large numbers of damaged Gu formations.


 However, Fang Yuan did not discover any wisdom path Gu formations.


 He lowered his head and pondered, feeling this matter might be strange but its credibility was high!


 The reasons?


 One was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s song, and the second was the contents inside the information, indicating to Fang Yuan that he had to use open door Gu to enter the Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 “I am already a wisdom path grandmaster, normal wisdom path methods probably won’t be able to influence me. Let alone when the only wisdom path Gu Immortal among the group of Central Continent Gu Immortals, Old Oracle, is already dead. Actually, it is easy to verify this, I just have to test it out myself.”


 Fang Yuan made a decision and cautiously neared the location.


 He detoured around four Gu formations and unraveled three Gu formations.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals had arranged large numbers of Gu formations in the periphery of Luo Po valley. This was because they had been attacking Shadow Sect for a long time from the periphery. When they invaded the valley, they destroyed Shadow Sect’s Gu formations.


 After the battle, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals officially occupied this valley. The intense battle was already concluded by then and they had no more need to arrange any Gu formations.


 Adding in Fang Yuan’s deepening wisdom path attainment, these Gu formations were simply no obstacle to him.


 After a while, he arrived at the location which the information during Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s song had indicated.


 Fang Yuan observed for a long while, having no hurry in using open door Gu.


 But in the end, he could not find any clues!


 This place was extremely safe, at least, Fang Yuan could not detect anything even after using all his methods.


 After confirming again and again, his eyes flashed before he resolutely decided to use open door Gu.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had also used open door Gu in Luo Po valley, but he had not obtained any results. Fang Yuan had thought Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s arrangement was already dismantled by Shadow Sect.


 But this life, soon after Fang Yuan used the open door Gu, a change occurred.


 An entrance of light suddenly appeared in the air.


 Shortly, a beam of light shined on the prepared Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was shocked, he thought for a moment before letting the beam of light engulf him.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan entered the space of the Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 This space was vast, extremely vast.


 Behind him was that entrance of light which had not disappeared and was still there.


 It was only that the size of the entrance was gradually becoming smaller.


 If it continued shrinking, it would likely disappear.


 Sounds of wind appeared from nearby, Fang Yuan moved his gaze towards the source and was immediately shaken.


 “Winds of assimilation!”


 He cried out inwardly, his gaze revealing extreme wariness.


 He was extremely clear of the power of winds of assimilation, this wind could assimilate everything into itself and expand continuously. Back then, Imperial Court blessed land had been destroyed by winds of assimilation.


 This time, dozens of huge tornadoes of winds of assimilation had formed, slowly moving in the true inheritance space.


 Fang Yuan quickly retreated, creating some distance from the winds of assimilation.


 He only felt slightly at ease after retreating hundreds of steps away. He then carefully sized up this true inheritance space.


 “I had not expected there was truly a space here! That mysterious information was true?” Fang Yuan was cautious, and still held doubts towards the information during Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s song.


 He did not hurriedly wander around this true inheritance space to look for the true inheritance, instead his mind was focused on close door Gu.


 “If open door Gu can let me enter, then close door Gu can close the entrance?”


 Fang Yuan activated close door Gu.


 Sure enough, the next moment, that shrinking entrance of light in his vision suddenly disappeared.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with sharp light as he activated open door Gu again.


 Under the use of this rank five mortal Gu, a new entrance of light formed in front of him again.


 Fang Yuan stepped into this entrance of light and immediately left the Thieving Heaven true inheritance space, returning to Luo Po valley.


 “This means that information should be true. No, more precisely, the part about open door Gu and close door Gu is true.” Fang Yuan unavoidably had some expectations.


 He entered the true inheritance space again.


 “According to the contents in the information, these winds of assimilation are genuine, but they are harmless to me. And I can only inherit the true inheritance after dispelling these winds of assimilation.”


 Fang Yuan carefully approached one of the tornadoes of winds of assimilation, he revealed his true form and stretched out his eight large arms.


 He slowly moved one of his hands towards the tornado.


 Suddenly, the roaring winds of assimilation completely dissipated.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly.


 He mumbled to himself: “Incredible! Winds of assimilation can assimilate everything, but they are so restrained in this true inheritance space. Even if the Gu Immortal who arranged this space is not Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, just this method shows they are absolutely a peerless expert!”


 Although he removed one of the tornadoes of winds of assimilation, Fang Yuan was not careless, and was very cautious in touching the winds each time. If anything was wrong, he could instantly retreat.


 Every time, after moving a certain distance, he would use open door Gu and close door Gu, letting the entrance of light open up as close to him as possible.


 Like this, even if something happened and he did not have time to activate Fixed Immortal Travel, Fang Yuan could still retreat rapidly to the entrance of light and move to the outside world.


 One after another, the tornadoes of winds of assimilation started to disappear under Fang Yuan’s efforts.


 After a while, there was only one tornado left in the center.


 Fang Yuan observed briefly and discovered: this tornado not only had the largest size, it was also moving the fastest.


 The sound of the wind roared in Fang Yuan’s ears, this tornado seemed to be hiding something in the center.


 “Could it be that the Thieving Heaven true inheritance is within this tornado?” Fang Yuan could not help but guess this.


 He stretched out his finger and touched this dark green tornado.


 The winds of assimilation suddenly disappeared, revealing a person!


 This person was sitting cross-legged in mid-air, wearing a red and white robe, and was revealing a faint rank seven aura.


 “Feng Jiu Ge!” Fang Yuan cried out softly, and subconsciously retreated.


 But Feng Jiu Ge was even faster than him, he suddenly opened his eyes, letting out a sharp gaze.


 The piercing, sharp gaze scanned Fang Yuan, before Feng Jiu Ge turned into a rainbow light and with lightning speed, he flew past Fang Yuan, moving into the entrance of light!


 The whole process was over before one could even blink.


 Fang Yuan reacted, his first action was to activate close door Gu.


 The entrance of light closed and Fang Yuan finally relaxed.


 “Why is Feng Jiu Ge here?! Could it be that the place he was trapped in was this true inheritance space? Since he was here, then what about the others? Where are Qin Bai Sheng, Ao Xue, and Ling Mei?”


 Fang Yuan quickly inspected, but the true inheritance space was empty, with just an information path mortal Gu hovering in front of Fang Yuan.


 This information path Gu worm was left behind by Feng Jiu Ge.


 When Fang Yuan did not discover anything wrong with it, only then did he send his consciousness inside to check.


 “Fang Yuan, so you are an otherworldly demon, I will keep this a secret for you. You want to know why I recognize you? Because I am Feng Jin Huang’s father. Today, you saved my life, in the future, I will save yours. After I leave, there will only be you left in the true inheritance space, the Thieving Heaven true inheritance will be inherited by you. We shall meet again some day!”


 “Feng Jiu Ge....” Fang Yuan grasped this letter Gu with a complex expression.


 He heaved a sigh before storing the Gu in his immortal aperture.


 At this moment, the entire true inheritance space began to dim.


 The bright light rays that had been present earlier disappeared in an instant, turning the space into darkness.


 In this darkness, there was only one spot where there was some light, it was precisely the spot where Fang Yuan stood.


 A charming masculine voice came from the darkness.


 “Traveler from far away.”


 “You and I are the same, we are both pitiful people who cannot return to our homes.”


 “My real name is Ben Jie Sun, people in this world call me Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. In truth, I am just a vagrant who wants to return home.”


 “This world feels like a cage of despair.”


 “If you also want to return home, then accept my present.”


 “I believe it can definitely help you. But if you want to return home, you still need to rely on your own effort!”


 “This gift’s name is — Ghostly Concealment.”


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan appeared in Luo Po valley.


 A layer of grey light was shining over his whole body.


 Fang Yuan ignored this grey light, and instead used investigative and defensive methods, being vigilant of his surroundings.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not appear.


 “It seems his injuries are extremely serious, not even having half of his strength. If not for this, he might have made a move against me in the true inheritance space.”


 “But... this person clearly distinguishes kindness and hatred. Kindness is repaid, and revenge is taken for hatred. His biography after he died explained this point. His words of repaying me for saving his life are perhaps... true.”


 Fang Yuan contemplated.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not take action against Fang Yuan, perhaps it was not because his battle strength had fallen, but because Fang Yuan had saved him.


 No matter what, Fang Yuan had profited hugely this time.


 Having Feng Jiu Ge owe him a favor, such a huge connection would probably be of great use in the future.


 He also obtained ghostly concealment, although Fang Yuan did not know what its use was, it was after all a Thieving Heaven true inheritance!


 Besides these two, there was also this Luo Po valley!


 “Feng Jiu Ge has probably already left Luo Po valley, now it is the best time to take this valley.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan decisively took action.


 “What’s going on?!” Hui Feng Zi, who was guarding the valley, was shocked by the scene of Luo Po valley, his eyes widened as he shouted incredulously: “Someone is taking away Luo Po valley?!”



***
Chapter 992 - Fang Yuan Outwits Hui Feng Zi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hui Feng Zi was startled and furious.


 Even though he did not surrender willingly, because of the situation, after he had surrendered to them, he could only work for them even if he did not want to.


 Central Continent ordered him to stay here and guard Luo Po valley, they had naturally made many arrangements on his body.


 Hui Feng Zi was restricted by them, and for the sake of his safety, he had to stand up and stop Fang Yuan from taking Luo Po valley.


 But when he saw Fang Yuan, Hui Feng Zi, who was startled and furious, shook intensely, he called out in fear: “Feng Jiu Ge!”


 Fang Yuan looked at him lightly with a calm expression.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals had already left Northern Plains and returned to Central Continent. Then, they would naturally leave some arrangements back in Northern Plains. How could the astute Fang Yuan not guess this?


 Thus, while taking Luo Po valley, he turned into Feng Jiu Ge.


 “So the Central Continent Gu Immortals arranged Hui Feng Zi to guard this place... It seems that Central Continent has good methods, making this ‘fastest person in Northern Plains’ defend their interests against his will. Furthermore, seeing his expression, did he not see Feng Jiu Ge leave earlier? Is Feng Jiu Ge still in the valley? No, that is unlikely. After the hundred days battle, the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals have already left, Feng Jiu Ge knows this is a dangerous place, he is heavily injured, although he mentioned repaying the debt of saving his life, he was very intent on urgently escaping. Thus, he did not speak to me inside the true inheritance space.”


 Guarding against others was a necessity.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s actions were extremely wise.


 After all, Fang Yuan was not Zhao Lian Yun, in the previous life, Feng Jiu Ge spoke when Zhao Lian Yun appeared. But now, when Fang Yuan showed up, Feng Jiu Ge kept completely silent.


 Let alone another point.


 If Fang Yuan knew Feng Jiu Ge was there, he would likely attack!


 Killing Feng Jiu Ge would give immense profits, even if he could not get his Immortal Gu, searching his soul was very valuable.


 In addition, if he could capture Feng Jiu Ge alive, he could either extort Spirit Affinity House or sell him to enemy forces of Feng Jiu Ge, such transactions would be hugely profitable.


 “Feng Jiu Ge is heavily injured, he is extremely vigilant now! He did not speak with me, maybe after leaving Luo Po valley, he saw Hui Feng Zi but did not approach him. The likely reasons for that being, either he did not know Hui Feng Zi surrendered, or even if he knew, he was afraid of the internal conflicts of the ten great ancient sects. After all, a person’s inner thoughts and intentions are inscrutable, with Feng Jiu Ge’s current state, he could not take a risk.”


 Fang Yuan appeared impassive, but he had already considered many things. Countless thoughts had appeared in his mind in just these few breaths of time.


 “He is real!” Hui Feng Zi used his method to investigate and after confirming Feng Jiu Ge’s identity, he sighed in relief.


 Feng Jiu Ge was the leader of the Central Continent Gu Immortals, if he personally was taking Luo Po valley, Hui Feng Zi had no reason to stop him.


 “This subordinate greets Lord Feng Jiu Ge.” Hui Feng Zi was very obedient, he flew forward and paid respects to Fang Yuan.


 “Mm.” Fang Yuan nodded: “I have understood what happened. Defend me, I am not to be interrupted when taking Luo Po valley.”


 His words were short and did not contain much information. But by stating this beforehand, he prevented Hui Feng Zi from becoming suspicious.


 “Yes, lord!” Hui Feng Zi quickly replied.


 Like this, under the protection of Hui Feng Zi, Fang Yuan succeeded in taking Luo Po valley.


 “Even though Luo Po valley was moved away, there are many blessed lands left. Stay guard here and prevent any problems from occurring.” Before leaving, Fang Yuan said this to Hui Feng Zi in a serious tone.


 Hui Feng Zi did not suspect anything, he nodded in agreement.


 Fang Yuan flew away calmly.


 “Feng Jiu Ge has already escaped, that confirms that Qin Bai Sheng is dead.” Hui Feng Zi looked at his figure while sighing at Feng Jiu Ge’s great strength.


 Hui Feng Zi was not surprised by this.


 He knew that Qin Bai Sheng was heavily injured.


 Hui Feng Zi suddenly thought: “Oh no. The ten great ancient sects restrain each other, they have internal conflicts. Feng Jiu Ge is a member of Spirit Affinity House, I have no reason to stop him from taking Luo Po valley, but I have to send this information over to the other nine sects.”


 Thinking of this, he did not hesitate, he quickly used his information path methods.


 Prince Feng Xian quickly received his letter.


 “Oh? Feng Jiu Ge is still alive? Not only did he come out, he even took Luo Po valley!” Prince Feng Xian was overjoyed, he laughed loudly.


 Meanwhile, after leaving Hui Feng Zi, Fang Yuan flew to a safe location and met with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, as well as the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong.


 These two were arranged to be situated not far away, just in case they were needed.


 At the same time, he had been maintaining contact with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, if any trouble occurred, they would be called over as reinforcements.


 With Hei Lou Lan and Blazing Heaven Demoness’ relationship, even if a rank eight Gu Immortal appears, Fang Yuan could deal with them.


 Naturally!


 The current situation was best.


 Fang Yuan obtained Luo Po valley on his own.


 And Hei Lou Lan was not like in his previous life, without Hei Cheng’s soul, she could not know the location of Luo Po valley.


 Fang Yuan wanted to keep quiet and earn a fortune, not telling her about Luo Po valley.


 Fairy Li Shan had once suppressed Fang Yuan, there was no way he would tell them about Luo Po valley.


 Once they knew, with Blazing Heaven Demoness’ demanding personality, she would definitely request the use of Luo Po valley.


 “Even in the future, if I want to trade with them using Luo Po valley, it will be after my soul becomes sufficiently powerful...”


 Fang Yuan returned to Star Form blessed land and placed Luo Po valley there.


 Hei Lou Lan went to Hu Immortal blessed land often. She had to use strength qi Immortal Gu to refine airsac Gu with the hairy men. Thus, it was not wise to put Luo Po valley inside Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The matter regarding Luo Po valley came to an end, but Fang Yuan was still apprehensive.


 His gains in Luo Po valley were beyond his expectations, but the course of events was way out of Fang Yuan’s control.


 The feeling of losing control over the situation was extremely irritating, Fang Yuan felt uneasy.


 In the Thieving Heaven true inheritance, Fang Yuan obtained ghostly concealment.


 Fang Yuan checked his body, he found that his soul was covered by a layer of dao marks.


 But Fang Yuan did not know what the use of ghostly concealment was.


 Thankfully, he had joined Lang Ya Sect.


 Thus, Fang Yuan went to Lang Ya blessed land and asked about Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not conceal things or make any requests, he told Fang Yuan a lot of information.


 “There are many inheritances of Thieving Heaven, but he only has ten true inheritances. The one you got earlier was to make me refine three Gu, that was not a true inheritance. Each Thieving Heaven true inheritance is an unparalleled treasure in the world, they contain the essence of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s cultivation. Anyone who obtains them will gain immense potential! There is only one requirement of these true inheritances, that is, the inheritor has to be an otherworldly demon!”


 “Legend says that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had two defensive killer moves, named divine concealment and ghostly concealment. The use of divine concealment was to conceal oneself from the deductions of any thoughts, wills, and emotions. As for ghostly concealment, it is very mysterious, I do not know much, it seems to have something to do with the soul. Ah? You are suddenly so interested in Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s information? Why? Did you obtain a clue to a Thieving Heaven true inheritance?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “You guessed correctly.”


 “Divine concealment, ghostly concealment...” Lang Ya land spirit sighed, deeply moved: “If I had divine concealment, Lang Ya blessed land would become a true paradise, we will no longer face any heavenly tribulations or earthly calamities. It is a pity, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created ten true inheritances, but they are extremely mysterious, until now, I have not heard of anyone obtaining them. His true inheritances come in pairs, divine concealment and ghostly concealment are a pair. Obtaining one will give you clues to the other. Fang Yuan, if you can obtain divine concealment and contribute it to Lang Ya Sect, I will make you the second supreme elder. In the whole of Lang Ya Sect, you will be second to only me, you will have immense authority! In fact, you will be able to take one rank seven Immortal Gu from my inventory. Ah, no, at least two rank seven Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan nodded, Lang Ya land spirit’s change of personality gave him a lot of benefits.


 At least, the previous Lang Ya land spirit was too conservative, he would not promise Fang Yuan such benefits.


 “However, if I can obtain divine concealment, that is a Thieving Heaven true inheritance! Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable went around stealing everywhere, nobody could deduce his location, was it not because of divine concealment and ghostly concealment? This inheritance is far more valuable than merely two rank seven Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan had a faint smiling expression.


 Lang Ya land spirit pouted, he laughed loudly and tried to alleviate the awkwardness: “You are not wrong. Actually, I did not finish what I was saying, not only will I give two rank seven Immortal Gu, you can even ask me for countless Immortal Gu recipes, immortal killer moves, and all sorts of ancient secrets and inheritance clues! How about that, is that reward enough?”


 “Mm, that is about enough. I will be back when I get divine concealment.” Fang Yuan obtained the information he wanted and turned around abruptly to leave Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit stared with wide eyes, muttering as he looked at Fang Yuan leaving: “This fellow... he might have really obtained some clues! If I can get divine concealment, what is there to worry about? Wahaha! Even if I let him become the second supreme elder, the hairy man Gu Immortals only listen to me, wahaha! Argh, I accidentally said my thoughts out loud again!”


 Lang Ya land spirit covered his mouth, staring at Fang Yuan innocently.


 Fang Yuan was used to such strangeness, he laughed internally.


 If it were any other force, he would feel wary and alert. But joining Lang Ya Sect, with a leader like this, things were extremely easy.


 “I heard everything you said.” Fang Yuan waved to Lang Ya land spirit without turning around, using Fixed Immortal Travel and leaving Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit was left behind with a dejected expression, he stomped his foot and muttered: “Damn it! Damn it!”


 Returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered uncertainly as he fell into deep thought.


 “I am a transmigrator, even though my body is from this world, my soul is from outside. Thus, I am an otherworldly demon, I have the qualification to obtain Thieving Heaven’s true inheritances.”


 “Earlier, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left behind some words, it indicated that he was also an otherworldly demon.”


 “It can be either very difficult or very easy to obtain Thieving Heaven’s true inheritances, the most important thing is the status of being an otherworldly demon. No wonder Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable spread clues everywhere in setting up this true inheritance. I was wondering why the clues of open door Gu and close door Gu were so easily obtained.”


 “But after obtaining ghostly concealment, I did not find any trace of divine concealment. This means, divine concealment has already been taken by someone?”



***
Chapter 993 - Immortal Zombie Bo Qing Appears


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan still had many questions.


 He did not get the answer he wanted from Lang Ya land spirit.


 Fang Yuan still did not have conclusive clues regarding ghostly concealment. Up until now, he only knew ghostly concealment targeted the soul.


 “Divine concealment is already an extraordinary wonder, and ghostly concealment, which is equally famous, should not be worse.”


 “Actually, I am even more curious about that song than ghostly concealment!”


 Every time he thought of this, Fang Yuan would subconsciously frown.


 The song which Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had sung in the dream realm was extremely peculiar.


 According to logic, the song originated in the dream realm and should have no relation to reality. But Fang Yuan’s experience in Luo Po valley showed that this song had huge significance in reality, almost like a prophetic song.


 “Speaking of prophecies, they have always been a specialty of wisdom path great experts. Like Immortal Yi Yan’s Prophecy of Three Venerables. Could it be that this dream realm is a prophetic dream realm left behind by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?” Fang Yuan guessed.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the greatest expert in wisdom path. After she died, the arrangements she left behind schemed against three Demon Venerables, ensuring Heavenly Court did not fall.


 This dazzling achievement consolidated her status in wisdom path firmly at the peak, and later generations could only look up to her.


 For her dream realm to be special and able to deliver a prophecy was not that strange.


 Moreover, although the latter stages during Fang Yuan’s previous life of five hundred years was the time when dream path developed rapidly like a raging fire, it was far from being explored fully.


 It was not strange for Fang Yuan to not be aware of this special kind of dream realm.


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate... the first verse of this song should be talking about Luo Po valley’s Thieving Heaven true inheritance and also Feng Jiu Ge. Then what about the second verse?”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 Fang Yuan mumbled.


 “Heavenly river... Falling Heavenly River?”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand... is it talking about the greatest expert in sword path, Bo Qing?”


 “It has already been countless years since he died under the tribulation. During his time, all five regions paid attention to him, he could do whatever he wished, upon his death, even his corpse was lost, his glorious radiance dissipated. This could be said to be rising and falling from ancient times.”


 After the experience in Luo Po valley, Fang Yuan had already remembered the complete song.


 After making deductions, he increasingly felt this second verse of the song was related to Sword Immortal Bo Qing.


 Adding in his previous life’s memories, Fang Yuan was even more determined to explore Falling Heavenly River.


 He had wanted to go anyway.


 It was filled with danger, but those corpses of ancient and immemorial desolate beasts along with desolate plants in Falling Heavenly River could be said to be superior immortal materials.


 They could not compare to those rank eight and quasi-rank nine immortal materials Fang Yuan obtained in Earth Trench.


 But their quantity was extremely large, and adding all of them would have a price that surpassed Fang Yuan’s gains in Earth Trench!


 Although large numbers of Gu Immortals had died at the bottom of Falling Heavenly River, at the initial stages of the exploration, almost every Gu Immortal had made a fortune!


 “It seems there is much to reap from Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s appearance. It is just that it is still not the optimal time to explore. On one hand, the sword lights don’t follow a fixed pattern, just being scratched would cause injuries and death if struck, it is too dangerous. On the other hand, Falling Heavenly River is home to ancient and immemorial desolate beasts, desolate plants, hidden undercurrents and whirlpools, there are countless dangers.”


 Although Fang Yuan’s modified immortal killer move familiar face was usable, it had limits.


 At present, Fang Yuan could only take on human form and could not transform into beasts or other species.


 The original familiar face could transform into anything.


 Why?


 Fang Yuan did not have change form Immortal Gu. One of the core supplementary Immortal Gu in familiar face was change form Immortal Gu. With this Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could transform into other species, getting rid of the shackles of being only able to disguise as a human.


 But even with change form Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could not go to the bottom of Falling Heavenly River.


 Besides ancient and immemorial desolate beasts along with desolate plants, Falling Heavenly River was filled with countless dangerous natural traps that were enough to take Fang Yuan’s life.


 He only had to wait until Bo Qing’s sword lights finished erupting, Falling Heavenly River would be cleansed, the beasts and the dangerous plants would be cleared away temporarily, the natural traps would also be almost completely destroyed. That would be the optimal time to enter Falling Heavenly River.


 During this short preceding period of time, Fang Yuan could only wait, there was no better alternative.


 Prince Feng Xian.


 The rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian was one of the peak experts of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world. But his true identity was a mole of Central Continent arranged by Spirit Affinity House many years ago. He had infiltrated Northern Plains when he was a Gu Master. After going through immortal ascension, he became a genuine Northern Plains Gu Immortal.


 On one hand, he had support from Spirit Affinity House, on the other, it was also his own effort and talent that combined to let him achieve his current level.


 Prince Feng Xian was very loyal to Spirit Affinity House.


 He knew how much strategic importance Feng Jiu Ge had in regards to Spirit Affinity House currently.


 He had been extremely worried during the time Feng Jiu Ge disappeared. When he received Hui Feng Zi’s message and learned Feng Jiu Ge had appeared, he was extremely happy.


 It was just that he did not know the ‘Feng Jiu Ge’ in this message was Fang Yuan in disguise.


 He waited for several days but did not see Feng Jiu Ge coming to his residence.


 “I lead Spirit Affinity House’s matters in Northern Plains, since Feng Jiu Ge is already out of danger, why did he not look for me? Could it be that he encountered some powerful enemies or troublesome matters?”


 Prince Feng Xian knew Feng Jiu Ge’s battle strength, but he was also aware of the huge battle between Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng.


 Feng Jiu Ge had been trapped for so long, and had now suddenly appeared. This information itself hinted at Feng Jiu Ge’s miserable state.


 “But since he has already freed himself, why didn’t he come to find me at the first moment? The other Central Continent Gu Immortals have already gone back, he probably won’t be able to return to Central Continent with just his strength, he needs my help. Does he not trust me?”


 While Prince Feng Xian was having doubts, a letter came from Spirit Affinity House.


 The letter expressed that Zhao Lian Yun had successfully obtained divine concealment some days ago, and also that they knew ghostly concealment was in Luo Po valley’s Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 Since Prince Feng Xian was able to become rank eight, he naturally had an astute mind.


 He came to a realization after reading the letter.


 “So it was like this.” He heaved a sigh.


 Where people interacted, there would be conflicts. Even after uniting to form an organization, internal conflicts would exist.


 Feng Jiu Ge was in power for too long, it had definitely resulted in dissatisfaction from many forces in Spirit Affinity House. This dissatisfaction had the chance to erupt when Feng Jiu Ge was missing.


 Merely considering the time when Zhao Lian Yun obtained divine concealment, Prince Feng Xian knew someone had intentionally delayed matters.


 He immediately realized Feng Jiu Ge’s plan: “It seems Feng Jiu Ge is keeping a low profile currently to see who in the sect has ill intentions towards him. Or maybe he already knew and was only waiting for an excuse, he wants to grab hold of them using this opportunity and throw these people deep into the abyss!”


 “So, Feng Jiu Ge won’t come to me because he knows he cannot influence me and I can send a message back to the sect at the first moment.”


 “But he is safest in my residence, and I am also help that he needs to rely on in order to return to Central Continent. He is not an idiot, he is a champion who knows how to make plans and schemes! It is very likely for him to still have injuries, while dangers exist from Shadow Sect externally and sect conflicts internally. Even if he doesn’t come here, he must be near this place. Then, once something unexpected happens, he can ask for my help in time. So if I am going to search, I should first search the areas nearby.”


 The moment he thought of this, Prince Feng Xian’s eyes flickered with sharp light as he immediately took action.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal’s full-powered search naturally was extraordinary.


 Soon, Prince Feng Xian discovered Feng Jiu Ge.


 “Hahaha, Brother Jiu Ge, I had to search for a while.” He laughed heartily as he patted Feng Jiu Ge’s shoulder.


 “I hope Brother Prince doesn’t blame me.” Feng Jiu Ge’s expression was still slightly pale.


 “I understand.” Prince Feng Xian nodded, “Let’s go. My grotto-heaven is the safest place for you to recuperate.”


 This Feng Jiu Ge naturally was not Fang Yuan in disguise.


 The two entered the grotto-heaven and as they conversed, they talked about Luo Po valley.


 Prince Feng Xian was slightly furious: “Hui Feng Zi was negligent, he should be punished. As for the Gu Immortal who took Luo Po valley, he might be from Shadow Sect.”


 Fang Yuan’s image appeared in Feng Jiu Ge’s mind for a moment, but he did not speak.


 Prince Feng Xian continued: “I sent a letter to the sect after seeing you. You are able to return alive, this is the greatest news for us! I can’t let your wife and daughter spend time in sorrow any longer. When your injuries are healed, I will hold a celebration for you, the celebration will last for seven days and seven nights, and only then will I let you go back to Central Continent. Us brothers will definitely drink until we get drunk!”


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled bitterly.


 He knew Prince Feng Xian’s intent.


 Prince Feng Xian was half an outsider to Central Continent, what he had to consider was the growth and interests of the whole sect.


 Feng Jiu Ge wanted to suppress the other Gu Immortals in the sect, but if the process was too intense, it would inevitably create internal friction in the sect. Prince Feng Xian did not want to see this.


 However, when he thought of his wife and daughter, Feng Jiu Ge’s heart softened.


 Never mind!


 “Brother Prince truly considers everything.” Feng Jiu Ge cupped his fists, his words containing hidden meaning.


 Prince Feng Xian laughed even more happily at this reply.


 The information reached Spirit Affinity House, all the higher ups were in great jubilation.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s disappearance brought these Gu Immortals huge mental pressure. When Feng Jiu Ge was there, they had subconsciously neglected his worth. But his disappearance now made Spirit Affinity House’s Gu Immortals recognize how important Feng Jiu Ge was to the whole of Spirit Affinity House.


 Feng Jin Huang laughed with tears on her face, while Fairy Bai Qing also had a smile.


 Some were happy, and some were apprehensive.


 “Feng Jiu Ge did not die? Things will be difficult for us in the following period of time.” Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying were feeling heavy.


 They had intentionally delayed and hidden the news regarding Zhao Lian Yun, although it was not blatant, discerning people would know it immediately.


 Even if Feng Jiu Ge could not use it against them, when he returns, he would definitely be displeased at Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, and it would be a natural thing for him to suppress them to some extent.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s news had reached Spirit Affinity House early, naturally there was now no conference between the higher-ups, and Fairy Bai Qing also did not go to investigate Bo Qing.


 However, the immortal zombie Bo Qing still appeared.


 Swords roam unhindered over Central Continent!


 Countless sword lights shocked immortals and mortals.


 When the sword lights stopped, countless Gu Immortals began to move towards Falling Heavenly River.


 But Fang Yuan had already arrived at this place before them.


 In front of him, Falling Heavenly River was already dyed blood red and immortal materials filled his vision!



***
Chapter 994 - Stealing Bo Qings Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This is the immemorial desolate beast myriad eyes clear bull?!” Fang Yuan looked at Falling Heavenly River, as a sinking bull head attracted his attention.


 He quickly hurried over, using his methods to pull up this bull head.


 An immemorial desolate beast was a strong life form that could rival rank eight Gu Immortals.


 The myriad eyes clear bull had a large body. Just this head already was like a small hill.


 And it was very heavy.


 Fang Yuan had once pulled up Luo Po valley, but this bull’s head alone was heavier than the valley.


 “This bull head’s weight is mostly on the horns. Incredible, the horns were already cut by the sword light and only half remain, but it is still so heavy!”


 Fang Yuan gasped.


 The bull’s horns were rank eight immortal material, they were filled with metal path and earth path dao marks.


 And the bull’s skin was very rare, it was full of water path dao marks. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan only had part of the skin from the bull’s head. If it was the skin of the bull’s body, not only would there be water path dao marks, there would also be light path dao marks, it was very useful for the refinement of investigative Immortal Gu!


 But the eyes of the bull were the most valuable part of the myriad eyes clear bull.


 The two eyes were dark and deep, they were full of dark path dao marks. When Fang Yuan obtained them, there were many dark path wild mortal Gu inside, mostly rank five, they could not escape in time.


 The eyes of the myriad eyes clear bull could not see.


 They were blind to begin with.


 The mechanisms through which the myriad eyes clear bull truly perceived vision were the eye tattoos on its thick skin.


 They were very mystical.


 The dao marks that were on such rank eight level lifeforms already had functions helpful to them.


 For example, the ten thousand li earthworm was also an immemorial desolate beast, it had extremely strong regenerative abilities. As for what gave it this ability, it was the wondrous dao marks on it. Only by destroying these dao marks can the ten thousand li earthworm truly be killed.


 But ten thousand li earthworms were hidden deeply inside Earth Trench or Earth Abyss, they did not exist in Falling Heavenly River.


 The lifeforms in Falling Heavenly River were mostly related to water path, followed by earth path, metal path, wind path, light path and dark path. There were few fire path lifeforms here.


 “Eh? This is the right arm of an ancient desolate beast, icefall divine ape.”


 “This is the tail of an ancient desolate beast, snow soil crocodile.”


 “What is this? Never mind, I will collect it first.”


 Fang Yuan was prepared, he rapidly looted.


 These were all severed portions of bodies, Fang Yuan could recognize some of them, but not all.


 They were mostly ancient desolate beasts and desolate plants, with a few of immemorial desolate level among them. But these rank eight immortal materials, even if they were small in quantity, had immense value.


 Fang Yuan felt great joy every time he saw one.


 “Oh my! This seems to be a life and death kun-peng!” Fang Yuan gasped in surprise.


 When he was almost done collecting all of the immortal materials floating on the river, he found his nineteenth rank eight immortal material.


 This was a grey fish with the size of a boat.


 It did not have gills, in place of them, there were dao marks in the shape of feathered wings.


 “The life and death kun-peng is a law path immemorial desolate beast, it is very special. Its body is filled with life and death dao marks, it has two forms. One is a fish, the other is a bird. It lives as a fish for eight thousand years before turning into a bird after dying. After living for another eight thousand years, it will die for real. This life and death kun-peng seems to be close to becoming a bird, it is probably more than seven thousand years old.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Humans were the spirit of all beings, but they had short lifespans. Meanwhile, immemorial desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts would often have thousands or tens of thousands of years to live.


 Not to mention plants.


 The most famous example was Ku Mu Mountain in Northern Plains.


 It was not a mountain, but an old earth wood tree.


 This tree had a million years of history, because it had grown extremely large, it was called a mountain!


 Compared to it, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, who had the longest lifespan among venerables, only lived for twenty five thousand years. Red Lotus Demon Venerable with the shortest lifespan lived for three thousand years, it was barely a fraction of that of the old earth wood tree!


 This life and death kun-peng had a well preserved corpse, only the fish head was partially cut away, the rest of its entire body was still around.


 Together with the life and death dao marks that it had, this special type of rule path dao mark was very rare in the entire world, thus it was very valuable.


 “This life and death kun-peng is probably my biggest gain in this trip.” Keeping the life and death kun-peng in his aperture, Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 At this moment, the bloody water in Falling Heavenly River was frothing.


 Large numbers of fierce beasts and immemorial level aquatic plants were fighting over the severed limbs and corpses.


 Fang Yuan had insufficient battle strength, he could only work quickly and collect the immortal materials that floated to the surface.


 From time to time, some immortal materials floated up.


 These immortal materials were mostly taken by Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan wisely left some alone due to the might of the fierce beasts and plants underwater that sought them.


 Gradually, under the river, there was growing chaos.


 These severed limbs and flesh were good food for these living beings.


 As their food decreased, they engaged in fierce combat that caused bloodshed.


 Sometimes, some dead ancient desolate beast corpses would float up to the river’s surface. Fang Yuan would take them away and earn a heavy sum.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan’s gains decreased, while the risk of collecting immortal materials became larger.


 He was a bit hesitant, wanting to leave while it was safe, but on the other hand, he wanted to explore the riverbed.


 After all, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s second sentence seemed to be referring to Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body.


 But it was all only a guess, he was uncertain.


 Right at this time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s singing voice appeared in his head again.


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 “Alas...”


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


 As the voice faded, a second wave of mysterious information entered Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Sword Immortal Bo Qing, Mo Yao’s remnant soul!” Fang Yuan was shocked, his eyes shone with brilliant light.


 “So what if I take another risk? As long as I can obtain Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu, even if I am unable to display their true power, it could be comparable to part of an Immortal Gu House.”


 Fang Yuan was very resolute, he immediately left this part of the river’s surface, choosing a faraway place and diving deep into the river.


 Because the sword lights had rampaged and almost all of the fierce beasts were gathered at that segment of the river fighting for resources, Fang Yuan could dive in very safely now.


 In fact, he even picked up some naturally present immortal materials.


 Like snow soil, unchanging water, qilin ice and others.


 Arriving at the location indicated by the mysterious information, Fang Yuan stopped moving in the river.


 He took out Mo Yao’s fake will.


 “Fang Yuan, what do you want...” Mo Yao’s fake will was at first indignant, but she was quickly weakened by Fang Yuan’s methods, she was defenseless and at his mercy.


 “It seems that somehow, everything has a connection. Mo Yao, your fake will caused me to topple Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, today, I will return you that favor.”


 Mo Yao’s fake will was captured by Fang Yuan, it dissipated slowly, as an intense aura spread out.


 Sensing this aura, a beam of light appeared, as an incomparable sword qi burst into the sky.


 Fang Yuan was startled and almost retreated, but the sword qi did not attack him, it only cleared the surroundings and was very gentle towards him.


 In the beam of light, Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body slowly appeared.


 Fang Yuan held his breath, looking at Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body tightly.


 The latter did not open his eyes, they were still closed. This meant that the remnant soul of Mo Yao inside the body was still in a semi-conscious state.


 This remnant soul only felt a familiar aura and was drawn over by Fang Yuan’s methods, arriving in advance.


 His surroundings were covered in sword light, Fang Yuan could only move three steps closer.


 This distance was his limit.


 Any closer and Fang Yuan would not be able to conceal it. After all, he was relying on just a fake will that Mo Yao had left behind.


 And this fake will had been weakened and tortured by Fang Yuan countless times.


 “Basically all my other methods are unusable. Only through using Mo Yao’s will can my aura be disguised and the Immortal Gu in Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body be lured out.”


 Fang Yuan moved carefully, he was afraid that enough of a disturbance would wake up the other party.


 Actually, the most drastic method against immortal zombie Bo Qing was to take away all of his rank eight immortal essence.


 That way, even if he has Immortal Gu, he would not be able to do anything.


 Although that did not account for special existences like dream wings Immortal Gu.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing had died for a long time, his immortal aperture was completely gone. If not for the layers of sword light around his body, Fang Yuan could even capture him alive.


 But reality was not as Fang Yuan hoped.


 The thick sword light protected immortal zombie Bo Qing, anyone who breached it would be attacked by the countless sword lights.


 According to the mysterious information in his mind, Fang Yuan used his method and quickly saw effect, he lured out an Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu was like a swan’s egg, it was translucent, and from the outside, jade light could be seen in it. When it was close, Fang Yuan could feel a bone chilling coldness emitting from this Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 Even though he did not know what Immortal Gu this was, or what use it had, the aura of the Immortal Gu told him that it was a rank seven Immortal Gu!


 What sort of person was Bo Qing? Even in history, he was known as among the strongest people beneath the venerables. Even though he was not invincible, he could still easily dominate and suppress all of Central Continent.


 None of the Immortal Gu that he used was rank six. They were at least rank seven, and his core sword path Immortal Gu would certainly all be rank eight. If not for that, he would not have that terrifying battle strength which he was famous for.


 Fang Yuan enveloped this Immortal Gu in Mo Yao’s aura, before using wisdom path methods to seal it completely.


 These seals were very fragile, they were deceptive in nature.


 He was deceiving the consciousness of the Immortal Gu, making it feel that it was still in its owner’s hands, that it had not been taken away by a stranger.


 Fang Yuan could not touch this Immortal Gu yet, he kept it in his immortal aperture.


 Soon, he repeated it again and used his method on Bo Qing.


 This time, after a long while, a second Immortal Gu was drawn out by Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 995 - Rank Eight Wisdom Sword Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This Immortal Gu was the size of an adult’s finger, it was silver and blue in color, shining with a bright light. It was like a centipede, but instead of having multiple pairs of legs, it had soft and thin hair instead.


 “This seems to be... sword eyebrows Immortal Gu?”


 Fang Yuan thought and had a flash of inspiration.


 This was among the information that he had obtained from Feng Jin Huang.


 Sword Immortal Bo Qing had a rank seven Immortal Gu, Sword Eyebrows, it was not an attack type Gu, instead, it assisted with sword path cultivation.


 When Gu Immortals use it, they can modify their eyebrows. Every hair on their eyebrows could be embedded with sword path dao marks.


 Dao marks had immense amplification effects towards the power of Immortal Gu.


 The number of hairs in a person’s eyebrows, if one truly counted all of them, the quantity was not few.


 “This Immortal Gu’s value is very high, but to me, it can only be considered better than nothing. After all, I do not cultivate sword path.” Fang Yuan surrounded this Immortal Gu with Mo Yao’s aura and collected it carefully.


 Next, the third Immortal Gu appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 This Immortal Gu was more special.


 It did not have a fixed form, it was a snake at times, and a sword at other times. Its entire body was pale blue, resembling translucent liquid, like water.


 After being lured out, it continued to dance around Fang Yuan.


 The liquid formed into the shape of a blade, it was very vivid. But because it was moving around, the blade of the sword seemed to be soft and slippery, yet it gave Fang Yuan a feeling of extreme sharpness.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body did not have weak defense. But when this Immortal Gu surrounded him, everywhere it went, he could feel a sense of tearing on his skin when it got close.


 Combined with his information, Fang Yuan guessed that this was the rank seven wave sword Gu.


 According to Spirit Affinity House’s historical records, in the past, Sword Immortal Bo Qing had tried to raise this wave sword Gu to rank eight, but he failed.


 The Gu refinement failed, and Bo Qing suffered a huge loss, the rank seven wave sword Gu was completely destroyed.


 But later, Bo Qing spent a lot of time and effort to refine the rank six wave sword Gu again. After that, he laboriously raised it to rank seven again.


 The fourth Immortal Gu was flying sword Gu. Its outer appearance was that of a silver-winged dragonfly.


 This rank seven immortal gu was one of the most commonly used Immortal Gu by Sword Immortal Bo Qing in combat.


 Using this Immortal Gu as a core, together with other Immortal Gu and mortal Gu, he created many sword path killer moves, leaving a deep mark in history.


 For example, among them included the killer moves formless flying sword, cloud flying sword, pursuing flying sword, ten thousand li flying sword...


 The fifth Immortal Gu was specially used for movement, it was called sword escape Gu.


 It was shaped like a golden bee, once used, the person turns into a sharp sword, piercing through space and moving forward.


 The speed was so fast it was nearly on par with the qi escape Immortal Gu of the same rank. In Bo Qing’s life, among his countless prominent achievements, there was a recorded case.


 When he was rank seven, he was fighting with a Gu Immortal of the same rank. After three rounds, the Gu Immortal could not beat him, he used qi escape Immortal Gu to escape.


 Bo Qing used sword escape Immortal Gu to chase him.


 Even though he did not catch him, the distance was not reduced.


 Afterwards, Bo Qing used one of his immortal killer moves, sword rampage, one of the core Immortal Gu of this move was sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Once he used this move, the enemy’s head was chopped off, and the victor was decided.


 After collecting these five Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not want it to end, he continued to use the method on the slumbering Bo Qing.


 Mo Yao’s fake will was limited, sixty-five percent was used up already.


 “I wonder what Immortal Gu is going to be next?” Fang Yuan was filled with excitement and nervousness.


 He was dancing on top of sharp blades.


 If immortal zombie Bo Qing awakens, he would be in danger.


 But Fang Yuan knew that it was Mo Yao’s remnant soul here, he was not defenseless against it.


 With his eloquence that could distort reality, it was not impossible to deceive the immortal zombie and the remnant soul.


 But if immortal zombie Bo Qing reawakens with rage and shock, he might kill Fang Yuan before he can talk.


 Fang Yuan would not wake up immortal zombie Bo Qing of course, he was not going to place his life in the hands of another person’s reaction.


 This time, there was no reaction when luring the Immortal Gu.


 This was truly the longest period of waiting.


 An hour had passed, but there was no reaction at all.


 “Maybe immortal zombie Bo Qing has no Immortal Gu left? This is impossible, right? If he only had these Immortal Gu, how could he create those incomparable sword lights that shot through the entirety of Central Continent?”


 Two hours passed, Fang Yuan had barely any of Mo Yao’s fake will left.


 His heart suddenly jumped.


 He had placed many investigative mortal Gu and Gu formations near Falling Heavenly River. Suddenly, large numbers of mortal Gu and Gu formations were pulled out of their place.


 “Other Gu Immortals are coming!” Fang Yuan’s expression sank.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had spent some time collecting immortal materials on the river surface. Looking at the time, it was not strange for other Gu Immortals to come now.


 But if Gu Immortals found out something wrong with the riverbed, and got close to Fang Yuan, that would be troubling.


 Fang Yuan was not worried about other Gu Immortals, but immortal zombie Bo Qing instead. Others would not have Mo Yao’s fake will, if they woke up immortal zombie Bo Qing accidentally, what would he do if he sees Fang Yuan taking his Immortal Gu?


 Hehe.


 The result was obvious.


 Most likely, Fang Yuan would be beheaded before he has a chance to speak.


 “Mo Yao’s fake will is almost used up, I need to leave. After all, I need to conceal my aura when leaving, thus, I cannot use up all of Mo Yao’s fake will here.”


 Fang Yuan was too close to Bo Qing.


 If he used Fixed Immortal Travel directly, the Immortal Gu’s aura would surge, Mo Yao’s remnant soul would reawaken, and Fang Yuan would die.


 However, just as Fang Yuan was about to leave.


 The sixth Immortal Gu finally appeared in front of him.


 This Immortal Gu’s appearance was very simple, it was a bubble, floating and having an ordinary appearance.


 But its aura made Fang Yuan’s eyes turn wide.


 This was a rank eight sword path Immortal Gu!


 No wonder it took so long to lure it out.


 “But what Immortal Gu is this?” At once, Fang Yuan could not tell what this rank eight Immortal Gu was.


 He had no time to think about it.


 Using his earlier method, he took it into his immortal aperture.


 Leave!


 Leave quickly!


 This time, his gains were huge, far beyond Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 He earned a fortune, great wealth could not describe his immense gains.


 Compared to this, the benefits in Earth Trench were nothing!


 Next, there would be more and more Gu Immortals exploring Falling Heavenly River. If immortal zombie Bo Qing was awakened, hehe...


 Thus, he could not stay!


 The process of leaving Falling Heavenly River went very smoothly.


 The Gu Immortal who came had rank seven cultivation level, his shock had dissipated already. At this moment, his attention was drawn over by the fierce beasts which were fighting in the river.


 From time to time, high grade immortal materials would float to the surface, before being swallowed by ferocious tides.


 This Gu Immortal wanted to take these body parts, but he was hesitant and did not dare to strike.


 After all, now was no longer the best timing. It was very risky to try and steal their food.


 Fang Yuan left Falling Heavenly River, relaxing himself.


 Just as he was about to use Fixed Immortal Travel, he shuddered.


 “I remember now! This rank eight Immortal Gu is likely to be that legendary wisdom sword Gu!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with immense joy.


 “This Immortal Gu was created by Bo Qing. In the past, even though he had outstanding battle strength, he had suffered greatly at the hands of wisdom path Gu Immortals, thus to deal with them specifically, he created wisdom sword Immortal Gu. This Immortal Gu is not just a sword path Immortal Gu, it also contains the ingenuity of wisdom path.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan decided, when he subdues these Immortal Gu, he would choose this Gu first!


 His wisdom path grandmaster attainment level made Fang Yuan gain a vague understanding. As long as he could control wisdom sword Immortal Gu and use it for himself, Fang Yuan’s gains would not just be a rank eight Immortal Gu. His wisdom path methods would improve by leaps and bounds, he would achieve a qualitative change!


 Safely returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan realized another point: “Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, rank six star thought Gu, rank eight wisdom sword Gu, and rank nine wisdom Gu... Without specific intention, my wisdom path prospects seem to have become the brightest. With my current state, strength path and time path seem to be more helpful to me, but in terms of prospects, wisdom path is far greater.”


 He handled all of these Immortal Gu that he obtained appropriately.


 Large amounts of Mo Yao’s fake will were created, used as an expendable tool to seal the Immortal Gu.


 As long as wills did not sleep, they would think, and they would be greatly expended. Back then, in Imperial Court blessed land, Mo Yao’s fake will used delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to strengthen herself, replenishing all of her expenditure.


 Now, even though Fang Yuan did not have delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, he had other methods, and was a wisdom path grandmaster, it was easy for him to create Mo Yao’s fake will.


 It was just that he needed to use countless mortal Gu of all kinds, Fang Yuan needed a lot of preparation.


 The situation in Falling Heavenly River happened too quickly, Fang Yuan’s time was tight, he did not have time to create more of Mo Yao’s fake will.


 Thinking back, his gains this time were truly too unthinkable!


 Chances to steal Immortal Gu from others were extremely rare.


 Because under normal situations, Immortal Gu could be destroyed with a single thought.


 Fang Yuan took advantage of the sleeping immortal zombie Bo Qing. To be able to steal the opponent’s Immortal Gu when they were awake, only rare cases like Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable were able to do that in history.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s prophecy from that dream realm is truly formidable! What do the next few lines truly mean?”


 Fang Yuan thought about the reasons for his huge gains and felt suspicious and expectant.


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 “Alas...”


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


 Fang Yuan already understood the first two lines, but what were the later three lines trying to predict?


 Everything was too ambiguous at the moment, Fang Yuan could not guess now.



***
Chapter 996 - Fang Yuan Cultivates His Soul


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 “Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, give up, this Immortal Gu cannot be saved.” Bi Chen Tian urged.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord did not answer.


 At this moment, his hands were ethereal, giving off a warm orange light. An Immortal Gu was nearly cut in half, but the orange light was sustaining its life, its aura was strong at times and weak at other times, being very unstable.


 Lian Jiu Sheng’s face was full of concern.


 He was a refinement path great expert, in his opinion, this Immortal Gu was beyond saving. Even Lian Jiu Sheng could not save it if he tried.


 But Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was insistent on trying.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was in control of Heaven Overseeing Tower, he was a wisdom path Gu Immortal. Gu Immortals who have reached his level could make use of aspects of other paths even if they only cultivated one path, using it as the basis.


 A person at this level did not have shortcomings, he could use wisdom path to imitate the strength of other paths, and even due to taking an innovative approach, it could potentially surpass the original.


 Now, Lian Jiu Sheng could not help this Immortal Gu, but Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s wisdom path methods gave them some hope.


 Except that the method he was using, in the opinions of Lian Jiu Sheng and Bi Chen Tian, was too risky.


 If there were any errors, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord would face a strong backlash, his dao marks would go into chaos. Not only would he be heavily injured, he would not be able to use any Immortal Gu for the next thirty years, otherwise his injuries would get more severe.


 Whoosh.


 Suddenly, from the Immortal Gu’s body, an extremely sharp, formless burst of sword qi flew out.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord could not react in time, but thankfully, this formless burst of sword qi only scraped past his ears, cutting down a strand of his white hair.


 Bi Chen Tian was shocked.


 “It’s over.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s expression relaxed, he let out a breath of air, saying in a gratified tone: “I pulled out the sword qi that was inside the Immortal Gu, it has been saved.”


 Earlier, countless sword lights had burst out of Falling Heavenly River, rampaging over Central Continent.


 One of the extremely sharp sword lights, like in the previous life, penetrated Heavenly Court and cut Heaven Overseeing Tower into two.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord quickly recalled Bai Cang Shui, Lian Jiu Sheng, and Bai Cang Shui. The four immortals had a discussion, as Bai Cang Shui headed to the riverbed of Falling Heavenly River, while the other three immortals repaired Heaven Overseeing Tower as it was being corroded by the sword qi, before its damage intensified.


 Soon, the Immortal Gu in Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s hands could be seen recovering rapidly under the orange light.


 Lian Jiu Sheng’s eyes shined, he clapped and praised: “Tower Lord, your ability to sacrifice your emotions to repair the Immortal Gu is truly an incredible wisdom path method! To think that you could really revive it, amazing. But... why did you take such a risk? This is a rank six Immortal Gu, Heavenly Court’s inventory is very abundant, we can refine it again easily. But if you got injured, you would not be able to do anything for thirty years, it would be an immense loss to Heavenly Court.”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shook his head, saying slowly: “I don’t know why, but recently, ever since the Refinement Path Convention started, I felt something wrong. It is as if a hidden danger is brewing, once it strikes, the consequences will be severe. We have just repaired fate Gu and can now use half of its might. But when I was about to enter Heaven Overseeing Tower, a sword light flew over and coincidentally cut it in half. But was it really a coincidence?”


 Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng looked at each other, as their expressions became grave.


 “I will not hide it from you, I have been getting this feeling too.” Bi Chen Tian said heavily: “But my feeling only started when we repaired fate Gu.”


 Lian Jiu Sheng also said: “So it was not my feeling alone. I thought that my descendants had encountered trouble, causing me to have this feeling. Now it seems it is not so simple. Tower Lord, you are a wisdom path Gu Immortal and you control Heaven Overseeing Tower, your senses are sharper than ours, it seems that something is really going to happen.”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was still holding the healing Immortal Gu: “Thus, I had to take a risk and try to heal this Immortal Gu. Even though this is not one of Heaven Overseeing Tower’s core Immortal Gu, by saving it, we can resolve one of the biggest issues in Heaven Overseeing Tower’s injuries at the moment. As long as we can fix the tower and use its might, together with our instincts, we will be able to deduce the truth.”


 “Also, Bo Qing died under the tribulation back then, why did he suddenly appear? Between the two, there seems to be some close connection. Next, I will continue to use this method to repair the other Immortal Gu. During this process, I need to concentrate and I cannot be interrupted. If Fairy Cang Shui sends any letters back, try to inform me as soon as possible.”


 Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng nodded in agreement: “Understood.”


 Matters regarding Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body continued to grow as time passed, there was a huge influence on Central Continent and Heavenly Court.


 Just as the Central Continent Gu Immortals placed their sights on Falling Heavenly River.


 Fang Yuan had already obtained the biggest benefits and was cultivating on Dang Hun Mountain.


 At this moment, he was standing on Dang Hun Mountain’s peak, waving a hand and sending out tens of thousands of souls.


 These souls were mostly beast souls, rabbit souls, goat souls, horse souls and others were the most common. There were fewer wolf souls, tiger souls and souls of other fierce beasts. There were plant souls too, but the type of souls in the fewest quantity were variant humans and humans.


 Actually, trade involving souls had long since existed.


 Because in this world, there were many soul path Gu Immortals.


 Soul path Gu worms had appeared since the immemorial era, but they had never formed into a path.


 Only upon the rise of a certain Gu Immortal did soul path get created and flourish.


 This person was one of the ten venerables in history, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 He was the creator of soul path, and had also singlehandedly pushed soul path to its peak over history. During his era, out of ten Gu Masters, at least five chose to cultivate soul path.


 For the cultivation of soul path, the soul was the most important resource.


 Souls were common Gu refinement materials needed for the refinement of soul path Gu worms.


 In order to create soul path Gu worms, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had engaged in massacre and slaughter, to obtain countless souls. Thus, in history, he was also known as the venerable with the most murderous nature.


 And because he created the rise of soul path, it also made his era filled with endless killing, it was a dark time when the world was in unrest.


 Because many Gu Masters and Gu Immortals cultivated soul path, they needed to kill and gain souls for their cultivation resources.


 Thus, during that era, the trading of souls appeared, they were undergone openly and on a grand scale.


 After that, Spectral Soul died, and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable appeared.


 This kind and merciful Immortal Venerable did not promote strife against others, he loved peace. Because of his experiences growing up, he knew the suffering of the commoners, and understood the harm that Spectral Soul had caused. Thus, when he became an Immortal Venerable and was invincible in the world, one major accomplishment of his was to suppress soul path.


 Soul path Gu Masters thus decreased in numbers, and trade involving souls was forced to be done underground.


 The five regions began to recuperate and the killing subsided, the turbulence also gradually disappeared.


 What the people considered most memorable thing was, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not force people using strength, he won support from people with virtue, and moved the world with his actions.


 Thus, up until today, even in treasure yellow heaven, the largest and most free market in the world, the sale of souls was very rare.


 Fang Yuan’s souls were obtained by Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan.


 Ever since Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan cooperated, the matter of souls was dealt with by them, he saved a lot of trouble.


 They were well-connected locals of Northern Plains, especially Fairy Li Shan, she was the third leader of Snowy Mountain blessed land. She had mountain pledge Gu and had a huge network.


 These souls were immediately destroyed on Dang Hun Mountain.


 After the vibrations from Dang Hun Mountain, the souls were shattered and turned into countless soul essences that were fused into the mountain.


 Not long later, because of these souls, Dang Hun Mountain produced a new batch of guts Gu.


 “Normally speaking, the stronger the life form, the higher the quality of the soul. At the same time, the higher the intelligence of the life form, the higher the quality of the soul. This batch of souls is only average. Because inside, there are few fierce beasts, and no desolate beasts, with very few variant human and human souls. The guts Gu generated will not be high in quantity.”


 Fang Yuan estimated in his mind as he walked on Dang Hun Mountain.


 This batch of souls was not from Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, but obtained by Fang Yuan.


 He was already different from in the past.


 He could obtain souls at a stable rate without Fairy Li Shan or taking action by himself personally.


 They were obviously not from treasure yellow heaven, but Western Desert.


 Western Desert was the place with the greatest trade economy in the five regions, Fang Yuan was no longer a newcomer there, he had worked with Xiao clan of Western Desert for some time, he had obtained their crucial token after gaining their recognition.


 Xiao clan was a super force, it was not hard for them to obtain souls.


 But if the soul transactions were exposed, Xiao clan would never admit they were involved. The trading of souls could not be done openly, Xiao clan was, after all, a righteous path super force.


 Fang Yuan bought souls from Western Desert in order to guard against Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan, and Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 Even though they had set an alliance agreement, that did not mean that Fang Yuan did not need to guard against them anymore.


 Fang Yuan knew how to defend himself against others, and he was even more adept at harming others.


 Fang Yuan suddenly attempting soul cultivation would definitely lead to the suspicions of Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan. Fang Yuan did not want to leave any clues for them.


 When he uses guts Gu to cultivate, it would cause the quantity of guts Gu to fall, to make up for this, he secretly placed souls in and filled the difference.


 The typically rare guts Gu could be easily picked up at Fang Yuan’s feet.


 Fang Yuan did exactly so.


 Once guts Gu left Dang Hun Mountain, they would be destroyed. But using airsac Gu, they could be contained and sold.


 After consuming a huge amount of guts Gu, Fang Yuan’s soul reached its limit, if he raised it any further, his soul would collapse.


 Fang Yuan felt that his immortal zombie body was feeling quite tight.


 It was like an adult man wearing clothes he wore when he was a teenager.



***
Chapter 997 - Refining Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Actually, the limit of immortal zombie bodies in containing souls was higher than normal living bodies, it was just that they lacked the aspect of nourishing the soul.


 Only living bodies could nourish souls. A dead corpse’s soul would continue to wither.


 Guts Gu played the most important role in Fang Yuan’s soul being able to last until now. Besides this, he also used some other soul path methods to nourish his soul.


 Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had brought disaster to the world, it was also because of him that soul path had dominated an era. Countless soul path experts emerged one after the other, innovating large numbers of soul path methods.


 Despite going through Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s era, until now, there are still large numbers of precious soul path methods that were passed down from generation to generation.


 “I don’t cultivate soul path, soul path Gu Immortals have soul path dao marks which allow the body to hold an even stronger soul.” After he reached the limit, Fang Yuan left Hu Immortal blessed land and moved to Star Form blessed land.


 Luo Po valley was placed here.


 Fang Yuan entered Luo Po valley.


 Luo Po valley had been modified by Shadow Sect and was in a completely different state. But Fang Yuan asked Tai Bai Yun Sheng to restore it, thus Luo Po valley had regained its original environment.


 Luo Po valley’s terrain was complex like a maze. > stated: In the past, Ren Zu had been trapped in the maze, unable to find his way out.


 Right now, Fang Yuan imitated Ren Zu and walked inside Luo Po valley.


 He directly let his soul leave his body.


 A grey-white fog spread out.


 This was the famous bewilderment fog.


 Fang Yuan’s soul was shrouded by the bewilderment fog, gradually diffusing.


 After the fog passed, cold wind blew.


 This was the famous Luo Po wind.


 The cold wind was like a knife as it cut Fang Yuan’s soul, inflicting countless injuries. The incomparable pain almost drove Fang Yuan mad. This pain stemmed from the very depths of the soul and was countless times more painful than death by dismemberment!


 Fang Yuan roared at the sky, but he lacked a physical body, so he could only produce a piercing screech from his soul.


 After enduring for a while, Fang Yuan realized he had once again reached his limit.


 He wisely chose to retreat, his soul returning to the immortal zombie body.


 With the immortal zombie body’s protection, the bewilderment fog and the Luo Po wind’s might was immediately reduced by a large extent.


 Fang Yuan safely left Luo Po valley.


 He inspected his soul.


 After going through the bewilderment fog and the destruction by the Luo Po wind, Fang Yuan’s soul had shrunk by a large degree and was clearly heavily injured.


 If he continued, although it would not be severe to the extent where the soul dissipated, the enslaved featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong might be able to get rid of the enslavement.


 The soul was the foundation of enslavement. When the soul is heavily injured, the enslavement would greatly weaken, and the enslaved party could have a chance to free themselves.


 “I don’t know how Ren Zu was able to stay for so long in Luo Po valley.”


 Fang Yuan gave a moved sigh, returning to Dang Hun Mountain.


 He continued to consume guts Gu.


 Guts Gu was a mortal Gu, but it was worthy of being a thing of legend. Using it to heal the soul’s injuries would show instant effects.


 Soon, the injuries to Fang Yuan’s soul completely recovered!


 Fang Yuan once again inspected his soul.


 His soul had condensed by at least one-fold! Moreover, his soul was smeared with something like oil that emitted a faint eerie glow.


 Checking again, the burden on his soul from enslaving the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong was reduced by thirty percent.


 The inhuman torture and pain Fang Yuan suffered in Luo Po valley was worth it.


 It was because his soul’s impurities were extracted in Luo Po valley, like iron that went through endless hammering and smelting before it finally turned to steel! His soul’s quality had been elevated to another stage.


 And on Dang Hun Mountain, guts Gu were continuously expended, which strengthened his soul at an unimaginable speed. The quantitative strength of the soul was increasing steadily.


 “Luo Po valley refines the soul, Dang Hun Mountain strengthens the soul. Both quantitative and qualitative change are combined, the soul’s foundation advances at a tremendous pace. It is so fast, no wonder in my previous life, after Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan obtained Luo Po valley, they moved back and forth between Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley, strengthening their soul foundation. They were cultivating freely!”


 Fang Yuan sighed.


 He also wanted to imitate Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, but he still had many things to do. Right now, there was the most important matter he had to deal with, that was Yi Tian Mountain’s battle, and the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 No doubt, the stronger Fang Yuan becomes, the higher his chances of seizing Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage at the crucial time.


 Fang Yuan could only try to think of every possibility and make more appropriate arrangements for every task. He had to squeeze out every second of time, making every second count in his cultivation!


 Finally, Fang Yuan obtained news of the appearance of the Immortal Gu House, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 “What’s going on? I made so many arrangements near Yi Tian Mountain, but they actually disappeared without alerting me.” Fang Yuan made time in his busy schedule, personally going to Southern Border to inspect.


 But he did not discover any worthwhile information.


 Like in his previous life, Yi Tian Mountain displayed the ancient battle repeatedly.


 In the intense battle, the mysterious Gu Immortal with the red lotus mark on his forehead finally used the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage to suppress the rank eight Gu Immortal with the Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 “This Gu Immortal has a red lotus imprint on his forehead, does he have any relation to Red Lotus Demon Venerable? My rebirth had failed, but in the river of time, a red lotus appeared out of nowhere and turned my failure to success, letting me rebirth. Is there some connection between the red lotus in the river of time and this mysterious Gu Immortal?”


 Fang Yuan was confused, he could only shake his head and leave.


 He still had many matters to arrange.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had appeared, but there was still some time before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 At the very least, Fang Yuan needed to remove the aftereffects from enslaving the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong in this period of time.


 Cultivating back and forth on Dang Hun Mountain and in Luo Po valley, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was rising sharply, while Zhou Zhong’s soul was still at its original stage.


 “The burden from enslaving a Gu Immortal has completely disappeared, I can now easily slip into Yi Tian Mountain and secretly refine the Immortal Gu House.”


 The body nourishes the soul, while the soul brings about intelligence, producing thoughts, will, emotions, and promoting thought processes.


 The increase in his soul foundation would be very beneficial for Fang Yuan in refining the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 “Besides the aspect of the soul, if I can refine Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu, it would be a huge increase to my battle strength. That would be even better!”


 He had tried to refine all-out effort Immortal Gu several times now, but had yet to succeed.


 At this time, Fang Yuan’s rebirth plan had already reached the final juncture.


 He resolutely gave up on refining all-out effort Immortal Gu, not continuing to invest in this sunk cost.


 During these last moments, Fang Yuan went all-out in making preparations.


 Central Continent.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing left Falling Heavenly River and was slowly rising up.


 Under his feet, the surging waves and tides of Falling Heavenly River attacked the shore, engulfing the piled up snow.


 Blood had already faded from the water, while countless ferocious beasts living in the river sensed Bo Qing’s aura, and scattered everywhere in panic.


 And in the riverbed of Falling Heavenly River, there were corpses of many Gu Immortals, only the rank eight Gu Immortal from Heavenly Cour, Bai Cang Shui, had luckily survived.


 “I have lost many Immortal Gu, my battle strength is reduced.” Immortal zombie Bo Qing spoke in a low and deep voice: “What’s our next course of action?”


 Right now, standing beside him was the owner of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, Envoy Blue of Shadow Sect, immortal zombie Seven Star Child, as well as the blood path demonic immortal Song Zi Xing, also known as ‘Blood Dragon’, and the hairy man refinement path Gu Immortal Yu Mu Chun.


 Somehow, there was a difference in this situation as compared to the previous life.


 In the previous life, Seven Star Child and Song Zi Xing had died at Bo Qing’s hands. But now, they were both alive.


 Perhaps this was because Fang Yuan had used Mo Yao’s fake will to plunder Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body.


 Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun did not speak, letting Seven Star Child speak: “Next, I, Song Zi Xing and Yu Mu Chun will use an immortal killer move to transport the four of us to Central Continent’s north-east region to attack Heavenly Lotus Sect!”


 He had already made the arrangements.


 In the previous life, Seven Star Child and Song Zi Xing had died, only Yu Mu Chun was left behind, unable to activate this powerful immortal killer move.


 But now, it was different.


 In Heavenly Court, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was shocked and furious.


 He saw the four immortals with immortal zombie Bo Qing at the lead, battling as they headed towards one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, Heavenly Lotus Sect. He was unable to keep watching from the sidelines.


 Because, he, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, was a Gu Immortal formerly from Heavenly Lotus Sect.


 In Heavenly Lotus Sect, he had large numbers of disciples and descendants.


 Right now, immortal zombie Bo Qing had awakened, Heavenly Lotus Sect was in danger. Only Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could save them!


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord flew out of Heaven Overseeing Tower, summoning Lian Jiu Sheng and Bi Chen Tian: “An issue has occurred in Falling Heavenly River, Bo Qing revived as an immortal zombie and is attacking Heavenly Lotus Sect. We have to reinforce them now!”


 The two immortals were extremely shocked, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s words contained information that was simply too hard to believe.


 “Go!”


 The two immortals were only stunned momentarily.


 Immediately after, they reacted and the three immortals used Heavenly Court’s teleportation Gu formation and appeared at Heavenly Lotus Sect’s base in a moment.


 At this moment, Bo Qing and the rest had also just arrived. The remaining radiance of the teleportation immortal killer move on them had yet to dissipate.


 Both sides stared at each other, battle intent rising immediately.


 “What’s going on?” Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Gu Masters and Gu Immortals were puzzled.


 Fight!


 A battle of rank eights suddenly erupted...


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land, an underground cave.


 “Success!” Fang Yuan looked at the Gu formation in front of him, his eyes shining with joy as well as regret.


 Over these last few days, he had used the light of wisdom to continuously ponder and deduce, obtaining a powerful Gu formation to refine Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu.


 This Gu formation actually used the light of wisdom as the core, it used Mo Yao’s fake will along with the poison path Immortal Gu, Woman’s Heart, and the wisdom path Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery, to refine Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu.


 “Unfortunately, after using this Gu formation for three days, I could only refine one Immortal Gu. Moreover, I still don’t know what use this Immortal Gu has. I can’t wait any longer, the battle of Yi Tian Mountain has already begun, the earlier I can obtain the Immortal Gu House, the better. Undue delay might bring trouble!”



***
Chapter 998 - Prematurely Joining Yi Tian Mountain


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, Yi Tian Mountain.


 Fang Yuan walked forward with big steps.


 His appearance had changed greatly. Huge bulging muscles, an exposed chest, thick hair over his head, chest, and beard, even along his legs.


 His hair was a muddy yellow color, his clothes were very tattered.


 His cheekbones were protruding, his fingers and toes all had extraordinarily huge joints.


 His nose bridge was short and stumpy, he had huge nostrils that contained thick hair, they were like open taps, gushing out together uncontrollably.


 Even though this appearance was ugly and disgusting, it was something that Fang Yuan had picked after careful consideration.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this person had come to Yi Tian Mountain at this time.


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan secretly killed this person.


 Taking his place, Fang Yuan arrived at Yi Tian Mountain.


 The sun had just risen, there was a thin fog.


 The scenery of Yi Tian Mountain was still peaceful, there were birds chirping in the mountain’s forests.


 At this time, the righteous and demonic battle had not even started its first wave.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had disguised himself and joined Yi Tian Mountain, by that time, Yi Tian Mountain was already immersed in heated battles, there were even demonic path guards at the base of the mountain.


 But this time, Fang Yuan had arrived here several months early.


 At this time, Xiao Shan had just been forced to leave his clan, he, Zhou Xing Xing, and Sun Pang Hu had just created Yi Tian Village.


 Fang Yuan did not see any people as he walked.


 After getting partway up the mountain, he finally saw a glimpse of Yi Tian Village from the crevices between the dense trees.


 Yi Tian Village was still in the process of being built, it was not completed yet.


 “Who is this? Which Gu Immortal’s pawn is this?”


 “He doesn’t resemble a pure human, he seems to have hairy man blood.”


 “Hmph, this guy is a half-breed, would anyone even choose him as a pawn? Hehehe.”


 Far away, the Southern Border Gu Immortals discussed the matter of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan walked slowly, confidently and calmly.


 In his previous life, he had used vaguely familiar face and was not exposed by these Southern Border Gu Immortals. Now that he was using an immortal killer move with attitude Gu as the core — Familiar Face, it was even more impossible for him to be exposed by them!


 He took big steps and went to the mountain peak.


 Soon, before he reached Yi Tian Village, someone finally stopped him.


 It was a rank three demonic path Gu Master. But Fang Yuan was also disguised as a rank three, so he did not dare to be careless, he asked in a serious tone: “You are?”


 Fang Yuan cupped his fists, saying boorishly: “My name is Huang Sha, I heard about Hero Xiao’s matter and came to join you.”


 The other rank three demonic path Gu Master’s body shook.


 He was not intimidated by the name of ‘Huang Sha’, instead, it was because Fang Yuan was too loud.


 “Okay, keep it down, why are you shouting. Since you know about our leader’s reputation, come with me to meet him.” The rank three Gu Master rubbed his ears as he turned around.


 Fang Yuan laughed as he quickly chased.


 He had a huge body, his steps were huge, he quickly surpassed the Gu Master in front.


 The demonic path Gu Master was unhappy, he stretched out his arm, pulling Fang Yuan: “Why are you running so quickly? If you want to join Yi Tian Village, follow the rules, get it? I got here first, so my position is higher than yours! Follow behind me!”


 “Oh, oh.” Fang Yuan quickly nodded, pretending that he was all brawn and no brains.


 “This structure needs to be built properly. If anyone attacks us next time, we will defend from here. We need to set up at least a hundred iron snake vine Gu.” Xiao Shan pointed at a location and said this to a Gu Master beside him.


 At this time, someone shouted: “Leader, your fame spreads throughout Southern Border! Right now, a new warrior has joined us.”


 Xiao Shan heard this and was overjoyed, turning around to see Fang Yuan.


 The joy in his mind faded a little as he felt disappointment. But at the same time, he showed a look of appreciation on his face.


 He quickly went forward, patting Fang Yuan’s shoulders: “What a strong man!”


 Fang Yuan laughed and cupped his fists: “You are Hero Xiao? I am here to join you, you are really brave! You dared to oppose those righteous path members!”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan raised his thumb at Xiao Shan, saying: “With just this, I am in admiration towards you, I am willing to follow you, but you have to feed me three meals a day.”


 Xiao Shan saw that Fang Yuan was boorish and uneducated, the disappointment inside him grew.


 But on the surface, he did not show it, he praised Fang Yuan as he arranged a mission for him.


 After Fang Yuan left, Xiao Shan called Zhou Xing Xing, asking: “This Huang Sha, what is his background? I am not too clear about it.”


 Zhou Xing Xing thought about it and laughed: “Brother, what rank are you, there are so many people in this world, how can such a minor character attract your attention? I know this person, his father is human and his mother is a female hairy man, he was born as a slave collecting sand rocks on sand mountain. In the end, on sand mountain, he obtained an inheritance by chance and became a Gu Master. Next, he and a water path Gu Master occupied a territory, calling themselves the ‘Bai Sha Twin Generals’. Afterwards, they were defeated by Tie clan Gu Masters, Bai Jiang died while Huang Sha escaped, with his whereabouts unknown. To think that he came here after hearing brother’s name.”


 “So that’s it, I remember now, there was once a time when there was news about the ‘Bai Sha Twin Generals’ assaulting Tie clan’s merchant ships.” Xiao Shan nodded, his expectations towards Fang Yuan fell to rock bottom.


 He even dared to touch Tie clan’s ships, this showed that the Bai Sha Twin Generals were rash and boorish, they did not use their brains.


 Furthermore, this Huang Sha even had hairy man blood, this made Xiao Shan look down on him more.


 Hairy men, feathermen, snowmen, and other variant humans were all the slaves of humans, why would human Gu Masters treat them as equals?


 If Fang Yuan had rank four or five cultivation, Xiao Shan might have placed great emphasis on him and disregarded that point. But Fang Yuan was disguised as Huang Sha, who was only rank three.


 Even though rank three was higher than the average Gu Master.


 But in Yi Tian Village, it was not eye-catching.


 Very soon, Xiao Shan forgot about this Huang Sha.


 Fang Yuan was at a worksite.


 “Now, I have joined Yi Tian Mountain, and was sent by Xiao Shan to help in the building of the village, it shows that this person is not placing attention on me. Good, this is my motive after all. Everything has been very successful so far.”


 If Fang Yuan had higher cultivation level, he would be given a major role by Xiao Shan, in the following righteous demonic battle, he would definitely be kept busy. If he did not go for the missions, he would expose himself, but if he went, he would be wasting time.


 If his cultivation level was lower, he would be cannon fodder, sent to the front lines to attract the enemy’s firepower and waste their primeval essence. After some battles, he would be sacrificed.


 Only with rank three cultivation level, it was neither high nor low, he could be the leader of a small group.


 He would not be given important missions, and if he survived in the battlefield, nobody would find it strange.


 Yi Tian Mountain’s forbidden zone only targeted immortal apertures, it did not affect Immortal Gu.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had deduced a method on how to seal immortal apertures. But now, he had this method prepared in advance, he could join Yi Tian Village a few months earlier.


 Even though his immortal aperture was sealed, his body was still an immortal zombie body.


 During the day, he worked at the sites and easily did physical labor. At night, when everyone was asleep, he would be awake and refining Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage secretly.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was suppressing the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, not allowing any freedom.


 This rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had no signs of life at all. It seemed like its soul had completely dissipated.


 But Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, he did not dare to be careless.


 He did not probe the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, he placed his efforts on refining the battle will.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals engaging in this gambling contest were trying to refine the battle will into their own, they needed these mortal Gu Master pawns to engage in fierce combat to create their own battle will and resonate with the Immortal Gu House. They would then convert the pure battle will in the Immortal Gu House into their personal battle will.


 But Fang Yuan came in person, and was also a wisdom path grandmaster, he did not need to do so.


 Even if he did not fight fiercely, he could increase the battle will in his mind and convert the Immortal Gu House’s battle will, his efficiency was many times that of ordinary Gu Immortals.


 If someone turned all the battle will in the Immortal Gu House into their own battle will, they would complete the unfinished last step of the rank eight immortal zombie, that is, refining the Immortal Gu House and becoming the true owner of the Immortal Gu House!


 Thus, there was a key point needed for Fang Yuan to snatch Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage from these Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 At the final period of time, the Immortal Gu House’s pure battle will would be completely refined by everyone.


 But there can only be one winner.


 Thus, these battle wills had to engage in combat and undergo a terrifying battle.


 In this battle, any loser would vanish, there would only be one winner.


 “I am a wisdom path grandmaster, I have a huge advantage in a fight between battle wills. Furthermore, I am going to take the lead and refine battle will at many times the speed of others. The more battle will I convert, the bigger my advantage during the battle will contest. As long as I follow my plan, it is assured that I would obtain the Immortal Gu House! But there might be unexpected surprises...”


 While Fang Yuan was pondering, the other Southern Border Gu Immortals were also harboring their own intentions.


 Xiao clan’s supreme elder was paying close attention to the developments on Yi Tian Mountain.


 He had barely survived his last tribulation. The next one was approaching, he had lost all hope initially, but the appearance of the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage gave this Gu Immortal see the light of hope within the darkness.


 Thus, in this unprecedented gambling contest, he went all in on his bets.


 Almost all of his wealth was invested into it.


 His stake was the highest among the immortals, according to the rules, one of his pawns — Xiao Shan, became the first Gu Master to ascend Yi Tian Mountain.


 Xiao clan’s supreme elder also became the first Gu Immortal in Southern Border to start refining battle will in the Immortal Gu House.


 “I must succeed in obtaining the Immortal Gu House, I cannot fail!”


 “Without this Immortal Gu House, in the following tribulation, I will definitely die.”



***
Chapter 999 - Chess Piece, Chess Player


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “But looking at it now, I have made a good start. I have converted the highest amount of battle will. As long as I maintain this advantage, the Immortal Gu House is mine.”


 Xiao clan’s supreme elder spurred himself on secretly, but he was also aware internally: the biggest difficulty was in maintaining his current advantage.


 According to the rules, the second to take the stage was the pawn of a Wu clan Gu Immortal, Wu Dang Zhi.


 This female immortal from Wu clan was an insightful character. She chose someone with lower cultivation level, as the cost of entering Yi Tian Mountain earlier.


 “Hopefully, Xiao Shan does not disappoint me later.”


 Xiao clan’s supreme elder’s wish was something that the other Southern Border Gu Immortals were unwilling to see happen.


 Right now, Xiao clan’s ancestor had created a huge advantage, the Southern Border Gu Immortals wanted to see Xiao Shan defeated or even killed, so that the advantage of Xiao clan’s ancestor would be gone, and they would have an opportunity.


 Wu Shen Tong arrived near Yi Tian Mountain.


 “Everyone, I bear a mission of utmost importance to the clan. To exterminate evil, we will pay any cost!” He pointed at Yi Tian Mountain, his expression was stern as his intent to fight surged, along with his battle will.


 Around him were many Gu Masters.


 Among them, those with the highest cultivation were three rank four Gu Masters.


 One was a Wu clan elder, guarding Wu Shen Tong. The other two were clan leaders of villages that were subordinates of Wu clan.


 Wu Shen Tong was a rank four peak stage enslavement path Gu Master, he was thin and had a pale face, he coughed from time to time, like a sickly scholar, he could not even stand in the cold winds for long.


 But nobody dared to look down on him, because he cultivated enslavement path. This path allowed him to fight many people singlehandedly.


 “On Yi Tian Mountain, the strongest person is Xiao clan’s former leader Xiao Shan. Below him are Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing, two demonic path Gu Masters. These three are all rank five Gu Masters. In my opinion, we should act slowly, inviting more righteous path members to join us, this will make the battle more assured, and we can prevent these demons from escaping as well.” A rank four clan leader suggested.


 Wu Shen Tong’s expression turned grim, he wanted to do this too, but this mission was a forced mission by the clan, they had given him a certain timing. It was so strict and rushed, Wu Shen Tong could not help but suspect that he had become a sacrifice in a political conflict of his clan.


 He exerted all of his effort and used his network to recruit all of these people around him.


 Wu Shen Tong would not understand the truth of Yi Tian Mountain even after death. All these high and mighty Gu Masters were all merely the tools of the Gu Immortals’ gambling contest. He certainly did not know, at this point in time, how many Southern Border Gu Immortals were placing their attention on him.


 “You do not need to say anymore. As long as everyone protects me, even if they have rank five battle strength, how long can they last against the beasts? Once their primeval essence is expended, the accomplishment of killing a rank five will be all yours. Furthermore, I am going personally, I have some confidence of course, why would I send myself to die?”


 Wu Shen Tong was a skilled person, with just a few words, he dispelled everyone’s suspicions and raised the group’s morale.


 They moved quickly, they were trying a sneak attack.


 A moment later, the mountain was covered in beast groups, under Wu Shen Tong’s manipulation, they charged towards Yi Tian Mountain.


 Right now, Yi Tian Village was still being built.


 The demonic path Gu Masters were all in chaos, they were used to fighting alone, even though Xiao Shan was trying to group his men together and organize them, there was little effect in the short term.


 Xiao Shan was extremely anxious, he thought: “Yi Tian Village has just been built, we are only partway through completion. This is my first fight against the righteous path, Yi Tian Village is like a banner, it cannot fall! Once it falls, our morale will suffer, it is like a heavy blow that will make us falter forever. Losing our reputation, who would come here and join me?”


 Thinking of this, Xiao Shan immediately ordered the demonic path Gu Masters to defend Yi Tian Village with their lives.


 Xiao Shan’s thoughts were very precise, but he greatly overestimated the ability of the demonic path Gu Masters to cooperate.


 If demonic path Gu Masters fought righteous path Gu Masters one on one, they usually won more than they lost. But when there were many people, if they had even numbers, the righteous path usually won.


 Without any cooperation, the demonic path Gu Masters were just a mob.


 Against the huge beast groups, they did not place priority on defending the strategic points, this was what Wu Shen Tong most wanted to see.


 Initially, large numbers of wild beasts died from the demonic path Gu Masters’ attacks.


 But soon, the demonic path Gu Masters’ attacks became more sparse. After all, mortal Gu Masters had limited primeval essence.


 The wild beasts charged past the attacks of the demonic path Gu Masters and assaulted them.


 The demonic path Gu Masters suffered heavier and heavier losses, the battle was tilting in favor of the righteous path.


 “Good.”


 “Great...”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals watched the battle as they showed expressions of joy.


 Xiao clan’s ancestor had a dark expression, he stared at Xiao Shan fixedly.


 Xiao Shan was an veteran of the battlefield, he knew that the situation could not go on, he shouted: “Rank four and five experts, come with me and kill the enslavement path Gu Master! Everyone else, retreat while you battle.”


 In the current situation, the demonic path was suffering terrible losses. Meanwhile, although the righteous path was few in numbers, they did not lose anyone.


 Everyone knew that fighting alone would not result in a good ending. Only by relying on one another and carving out a path of blood could they survive.


 Xiao Shan’s words received quick response.


 The rank four and five Gu Masters were all secretly joyful and gathered around Xiao Shan. The remaining rank two and three Gu Masters, however, all had pale expressions.


 The people who charged out were strong, no matter what, if they managed to get out of the encirclement, they could escape alone.


 But the Gu Masters who stayed back were surrounded by beast groups, there was nowhere they could go, they could only await reinforcements.


 Only Fang Yuan, despite having an anxious and ferocious expression, had peace of mind.


 Even if the beast groups expanded by a hundred times, they were no threat to him. Furthermore, he had the knowledge of his previous life, he knew what was going to happen.


 As expected, the following developments were almost the same as in his previous life.


 In this sudden fight, the demonic path Gu Masters fought against the waves of beast groups and moved forward, causing many Gu Masters to die along the way.


 But eventually, they managed to get to Wu Shen Tong.


 Xiao Shan, Sun Pang Hu, and Zhou Xing Xing were rank five Gu Masters, they were forced into a desperate situation, they had to attack the righteous path.


 After an intense battle, two rank four Gu Masters from the righteous path died, while Wu Shen Tong retreated with heavy injuries.


 The other rank four elder from Wu clan blocked them desperately, at the crucial moment, a group of flying birds came and saved Wu Shen Tong from the demonic path’s objective of killing him.


 They had no choice but to return to Yi Tian Mountain.


 That night, Xiao Shan gathered the remaining demonic path members in a certain cave.


 He was bathed in blood, his eyes were bloodshot as he called out in a hoarse voice: “Wu Shen Tong is not dead yet, he is truly a threat. As long as he is alive, we will face the threat of an unceasing tide of beasts. We need to kill him, otherwise, Yi Tian Village will never be built.”


 Xiao Shan had just finished his words, but there was little response.


 The demonic path Gu Masters had suffered a loss, their morale was low.


 Among them, a rank three Gu Master said dejectedly: “Leader, we should retreat. The righteous path is very powerful, it is normal that we cannot win. But we can always fight back another day. We should leave this dangerous place and find another mountain to rebuild Yi Tian Village, that is possible too.”


 As he said that, a sharp light flashed in Xiao Shan’s eyes as he stood up and attacked.


 He raised his saber and killed the demonic path Gu Master on the spot, shouting: “This person is trying to shake our spirit, he deserves death! If anyone dares to request to retreat, you will end up like him!”


 Sun Pang Hu and Zhou Xing Xing immediately stood up, walking to either side of Xiao Shan, with wary expressions towards everyone.


 The Gu Masters were all stunned by Xiao Shan’s demeanor, they quickly spoke and agreed to battle to the death.


 Xiao Shan’s expression relaxed: “I know that everyone is having a hard time, there are injuries. But no injury can compare to our brothers who have sacrificed themselves today, right? Everyone, rest in this cave today, tomorrow, we will gather our forces and fight on the path to killing Wu Shen Tong, we will not rest until he is dead!”


 Everyone quickly responded, Fang Yuan was among them, his wounds were still bleeding, but of course, it was a disguise.


 The night sky grew darker, the mountain cave was not big, there was not much space for the demonic path Gu Masters to sleep.


 This was a cave that Xiao Shan specially chose, it was easy for them to monitor each other. If they needed to use the toilet, they had to do it in the cave.


 Soon, the cave was filled with the disgusting smell of blood, sweat, urine and feces mixed together.


 The demonic path Gu Masters were tossing and turning, thinking about the desperate battle tomorrow, they could not sleep.


 Only one person was sleeping soundly, it was Fang Yuan.


 His snoring could be heard in the entire cave.


 Xiao Shan was shutting his eyes and resting, hearing this sound, he opened his eyes and saw Fang Yuan, he smiled lightly and said loudly: “This guy has no worries.”


 His voice attracted everyone’s attention.


 Xiao Shan continued: “Don’t worry everyone, I have complete confidence in tomorrow’s battle! That Wu Shen Tong has already been severely injured, he is definitely going to die tomorrow. I, Xiao Shan, swear that I will not run away, if I go against my word, may heaven bring judgment upon me, and may the world shake in anger!”


 The demons were inspired, they were in admiration towards Xiao Shan’s enthusiasm and aspiration.


 But they did not know that Xiao Shan was trying to subdue the Immortal Gu in his body, and obtain the acknowledgment of Xiao clan’s ancestor. Unless he had no choice, he would never retreat from here.


 Xiao Shan thought of these demonic path Gu Masters in the cave as his chess pieces.


 In contrast, he was a chess piece of Xiao clan’s ancestor, but he did not know.


 On this night, the chess player, Xiao clan’s ancestor, was also feeling anxious and worried.


 After the fight today at Yi Tian Mountain, he had left his place of residence, arriving at a mountain peak. He stood for a long time under the winds of the mountain.


 “Master, Xiao clan’s ancestor has requested to meet you, but you have not agreed to it. He is a rank seven Gu Immortal, he has already been outside for two hours. Won’t it be bad if we continue dragging it on?” Lu Zuan Feng asked carefully and softly.



***
Chapter 1000 - Changes Beyond Expectations


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 His master, rank seven lone cultivator Old Man Yue Xia, was sitting cross-legged on a mat. He remained unmoved and had his eyes closed, even after hearing Lu Zuan Feng’s words.


 After a long while, Xiao clan’s ancestor spoke again from outside the cave: “Brother Yue Xia, I am willing to add in ten heavenly dragon pearls, please help me.”


 Old Man Yue Xia slowly opened his eyes and said to Lu Zuan Feng: “Disciple, go to Yi Tian Mountain and solve this crisis for Xiao Shan.”


 Lu Zuan Feng hurriedly knelt down and kowtowed three times to Old Man Yue Xia.


 “Master, this disciple shall leave.”


 Although he said this, Lu Zuan Feng was still kneeling down on the ground, and did not show any signs of getting up.


 Old Man Yue Xia smiled: “Your crafty nature, I can see right through it.”


 He then blew cold air towards Lu Zuan Feng.


 The cold air seeped into Lu Zuan Feng’s belly, and lingered there without dispersing.


 “This Immortal Gu can protect you. Go now.”


 Lu Zuan Feng was joyous, kowtowing three more times before getting up and cheekily speaking: “I was actually thinking in the interests of master. As a disciple, losing my life is not important, but then master would have no one to serve him, what to do then? Master has shown me great benevolence, I still haven’t returned it, so how could I die so easily?”


 “Go now, go.” Old Man Yue Xia sighed, repeatedly waving his hand at Lu Zuan Feng.


 Wu Shen Tong led the beast group to attack Yi Tian Mountain, Yi Tian Village, which only had its foundations constructed, was destroyed.


 The demonic side’s morale fell sharply, Xiao Shan was determined to fight back to the death.


 But on that very evening, the rank five Gu Master Lu Zuan Feng infiltrated the righteous path’s camp and assassinated Wu Shen Tong, bringing his head back to Yi Tian Mountain.


 Xiao Shan was ecstatic, saying to Lu Zuan Feng: “Brother Lu is magnanimous, thanks to brother Lu, all of us were saved.”


 Lu Zuan Feng was a quick-witted person, immediately cupping his fists, replying in a cordial manner: “Brother Xiao exaggerates, I only took advantage of an opportunity. If not for brother Xiao and the other comrades fighting with all you have and inflicting heavy injuries to Wu Shen Tong, how could I have easily taken his life? Out of the total contribution, I can only account for ten percent, and the other ninety would go to everyone here.”


 When they heard such words, everyone immediately had a much better impression of Lu Zuan Feng.


 Xiao Shan’s heart sank, he was not able to ruin Lu Zuan Feng’s fame by overpraising him, so he quickly changed his words to stabilize and pull Lu Zuan Feng to Yi Tian Village.


 Like this, the righteous path’s first wave of offense collapsed under the attacks of Xiao Shan, Lu Zuan Feng and the rest.


 Fang Yuan was staying on the sidelines, not caring any less about this situation, viewing it coldly with the stance of a bystander and not provoking any doubts.


 He thought of the information gathered during his previous life.


 “It seems in this life as well, due to Wu Shen Tong being heavily injured and Xiao Shan’s situation being critical, Xiao clan’s ancestor sought Old Man Yue Xia’s help.”


 “This Old Man Yue Xia is a well-known lone immortal of Southern Border, with some friction against Wu clan. And with Xiao clan’s ancestor giving him heavy payment, he was able to increase his wager, letting Lu Zuan Feng enter Yi Tian Mountain early on. And the female immortal from Wu clan, Wu Dang Zhi, had lost her chess piece because of this scheme, although she had refined much of the battle will, her loss was the greatest.”


 “Righteous and demonic paths are fighting on Yi Tian Mountain, but the masterminds are the Southern Border Gu Immortals behind them. Mortals are like ants...”


 “Let them continue scheming against each other, after this battle, the amount of battle will I have refined has already surpassed Xiao Shan, becoming the highest!”


 Like this, Fang Yuan was silently earning a fortune, the battle will he refined secretly continued to grow, but no one noticed.


 Time passed, the second wave of the righteous and demonic battle erupted.


 After the first wave of offense, in which Wu Dang Zhi suffered a loss, she was still unreconciled.


 Old Man Yue Xia had increased his wager, how could she not do that as well?


 Therefore, she chose another person and allied with a Shang clan Gu Immortal, not repeating the previous mistake of fighting alone.


 At the battlefield on Yi Tian Mountain, Wu clan’s Gu Masters attacked Yi Tian Mountain, at the same time during this attack, Shang clan’s two newly advanced elders, Yan Tu and Ju Kai Bei, also joined.


 Both sides fought at the base of Yi Tian Mountain, having some wins and losses on either side, they were in a deadlock.


 This time, Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang ascended the mountain, joining Yi Tian Village.


 These two Gu Masters were not simple, they were famous flying masters in the world of Southern Border’s Gu Masters!


 Yi Tian Village thus had the upper hand, and the righteous path members were forced back.


 To resist Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang, the righteous path invited a female Gu Master, Hong Fei Yu, she was also a flying master, but belonged to the righteous path.


 But Hong Fei Yu alone could not resist the combination of two flying masters of the demonic path.


 Hong Fei Yu was at the moment between life and death, when Shang clan’s reinforcements rushed and arrived, it was the White Light Swordsman Wei Yang.


 Wei Yang had been nurtured by Shang Yan Fei and had his aptitude raised, his cultivation level was at rank four initial stage. Not only did he save Hong Fei Yu, he even gained much fame.


 After Hong Fei Yu was heavily injured and retreated, he fought against both Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang, eventually managing to stall for enough time until more reinforcements from the righteous path came, as Lan Mei He and Fei You Wang were forced to retreat.


 After this battle, Wei Yang was acknowledged by both the righteous and demonic paths, joining the ranks of the flying masters. Southern Border’s three famous flying masters became four famous flying masters, with Wei Yang at the top.


 With Wei Yang’s addition, the righteous and demonic battle entered another deadlock once again.


 However, as Second Zombie King entered Yi Tian Mountain, enslavement path showed its might again, the righteous path lacked Wu Shen Tong and had no choice but to fall back.


 Thereupon, the second righteous and demonic fight came to an end.


 Behind the scenes of this were the Southern Border Gu Immortals plotting and conspiring, naturally the mortal Gu Masters could not imagine it.


 The only one who was in the know on Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan, was secretly earning a fortune, disregarding all of this.


 With Huang Sha’s identity, he had gone on the battlefield and had encountered Wei Yang face to face.


 This expert under Shang Yan Fei had once taken great care of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing when they were in Shang clan city. Right now, Wei Yang’s growth was large, Fang Yuan, however, was already an immortal, it could be said that times had changed.


 After this battle, Fang Yuan was already way ahead in the amount of battle will refined. The lead was so huge that even if all the Southern Border Gu Immortals added up their refined battle wills, it would still be slightly less than Fang Yuan’s.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Lotus Sect.


 Rumble...


 Explosions resounded without an end.


 All the surroundings within an enormous area had turned into a desolate land, sand rolling and covering the sky.


 In the desolate land were many deep craters, some burned with fire, some had piles of ice, some was still letting out rumblings of thunder, a river of blood flowed wantonly in this battlefield.


 Because of the battle between rank eights, the original mountainous terrain had completely changed.


 This was the location of Heavenly Lotus Sect, and also home to famous mountains and rivers, possessing profound natural dao marks. Otherwise, the landscape would be even more severely ruined.


 After a round of battle stopped, with Sword Immortal Bo Qing at the lead, Shadow Sect’s group retreated by some distance, panting roughly.


 In front of them were three Immortal Gu Houses hovering in the air.


 One was Canary Pavilion, which was delicate and exquisite. Another was Yue Yang Palace which shined with brilliant radiance.


 However, the gazes of Shadow Sect’s group were focused on the central Immortal Gu House.


 This Immortal Gu House was rank eight, named Heavenly Pool!


 Looking from the outside, this was a pool with a small area, it could even be said to be among the world’s smallest Immortal Gu Houses!


 But this Heavenly Pool was filled with green lotuses, some were in full bloom while some were closed.


 However, in every lotus was a blessed land or grotto-heaven!


 The rank eight Immortal Gu House, Heavenly Pool, was the base of Heavenly Lotus Sect, created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, its greatest use was to store immortal apertures!


 “If we can’t take down Heavenly Pool, these losses to Heavenly Lotus Sect can’t even be considered to be harming them.” Song Zi Xing said heavily.


 “But it is too difficult to take down. Among the ten venerables, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was most specialized in healing and recovery. This Heavenly Pool has inherited his style to an exaggerated degree, if it is not broken apart in one attack, it can recover any severe losses in a short period of time.” Yu Mu Chun was solemn.


 Immortal zombie Seven Star Child shook his head: “Not only Heavenly Pool, the other two Immortal Gu Houses are also very difficult to handle. And Bo Qing’s greatest weakness is already known and being used by them.”


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s greatest weakness was Mo Yao’s remnant soul.


 This remnant soul was the biggest shortcoming, its greatest flaw was that it was very easy to target.


 In the previous life, Bo Qing had died and the soul inside was destroyed by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals. This life, immortal zombie Bo Qing had even lost wisdom sword Gu, which had been a trump card against wisdom path methods when he was alive.


 After losing this Gu, immortal zombie Bo Qing had to be even more cautious when fighting and was extremely passive.


 “Let’s go! We have already achieved our goal of delaying them.” Immortal zombie Seven Star Child retreated first, his body turning into a rainbow light, quickly flying far away.


 Bo Qing and the rest also followed closely behind.


 “Escaping the judgment of fate and attacking one of the ten great ancient sects, such audacity, this is unpardonable! And you still want to leave?” Heavenly Lotus Sect’s three Immortal Gu Houses chased after them.


 From within Heavenly Pool came Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s furious voice.


 Seven Star Child’s expression changed slightly, saying to the other Gu Immortals: “In the current situation, someone has to bring up the rear and hold them off until the others can escape.”


 “I will do it.” Immortal zombie Bo Qing immediately spoke.


 “It is better if I do it. Azure, Blue and Song Zi Xing, you all have higher battle strength than me, you will be a lot more helpful to our crucial plan.” Yu Mu Chun had an indifferent expression while he volunteered to stay behind.


 The other three immortals’ gazes flashed, and they quickly retreated without hesitation, leaving behind Yu Mu Chun to cover their retreat.


 “Overestimating your ability!”


 “Hehe, demonic path people specialize in treachery.”


 “You think you can stop us, what gives you such blind confidence?”


 The righteous path immortals angrily called out one after the other, the three Immortal Gu Houses nearing.


 Yu Mu Chun looked at the approaching death calmly and with a smile: “You think we haven’t made any arrangements?”


 Saying this, he fell to the ground, an enormous Gu formation gave a brilliant flash of light that reached to the sky.


 The information about this battle was simply unable to be concealed by Central Continent. After Fang Yuan learned of the news, his gaze flickered, this event was already very different from his previous life, immortal zombie Bo Qing was still alive!


 As such, he would naturally hold animosity against Fang Yuan, who had stolen his Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan sent his consciousness inside his sealed immortal aperture, in there was a mysterious Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu was one of the harvests Fang Yuan had reaped from Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body. But in fact, this Immortal Gu’s original owner was not Bo Qing but Mo Yao.


 Because this Immortal Gu’s body was filled with Mo Yao’s will, Fang Yuan was able to quickly refine this Immortal Gu using Mo Yao’s fake will.


 As for the other sword path Immortal Gu, their true owner was Bo Qing, with large amounts of his will in them. So when Fang Yuan used the same Gu formation, it would take a lot more time to refine these Immortal Gu.


 “I can forget about these sword path Immortal Gu for now, they definitely cannot be used in this battle. As for this mysterious Immortal Gu, I have tried to inspect it over these last days, but unfortunately I did not gain anything even from Lang Ya land spirit’s end.”


 “At present, the sixth wave of offense between righteous and demonic has already passed. The scale of my battle will in the Immortal Gu House probably is already over thirty times the total amount of the battle will of the Southern Border Gu Immortals. If I battle with them at this time, within less than fifteen minutes, I can clear out all their battle will.”


 There were probably many among the Southern Border Gu Immortals who had wisdom path attainment.


 But so what?


 Not to mention Fang Yuan’s wisdom path grandmaster level, just based on the scale of the battle will, he already occupied absolute dominance.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals already had no chance of victory.


 It could be said that these Gu Immortals were already of no concern, but Fang Yuan was still filled with worry: “I have refined it for so long, but there is actually still pure battle will remaining in the Immortal Gu House. I wonder what quantity are there exactly? Can I make it in time?”


 Fang Yuan looked up at the sky.


 The night was dark and hazy.


 Fang Yuan felt somewhat stifled.


 The amount of pure battle will in Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had greatly surpassed Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 His original plan was to get this Immortal Gu House earlier on and leave freely. But now, it had already dragged on until this day, when would he finish?



***
Chapter 1001 - Taking Control of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time passed quickly, a month went by.


 In Southern Border, be it the Gu Immortal world or the mortal world, their focus was all on one place.


 This place was Yi Tian Mountain.


 Under the influence of Gu Immortals adding fuel to the fire, countless righteous path and demonic path Gu Masters set off to join the two sides.


 The seventh righteous and demonic fight had concluded.


 The demonic path members schemed and cut off the righteous path’s supply lines.


 At the moment of crisis, Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei personally arrived with his forces, and used gourmet food box Gu, providing a feast for the army, foiling the demonic path’s scheme.


 Next, the clan leaders of Southern Border’s super forces like Yi clan, Luo clan, Yao clan and Xia clan also showed themselves, joining the battlefield.


 In this battlefield, rank three Gu Masters were all cannon fodder, the normally uncommon rank four Gu Masters were everywhere, and rank five Gu Masters were the most important battle power.


 Life and death blessed land.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s dream realm had completely dissipated.


 Light in the seven colors of the rainbow shined brightly, turning into a cocoon.


 Crack...


 Some cracking sounds came from the cocoon of light.


 As time passed, more and more cracks appeared on the cocoon.


 Old Man Yan Shi had a tired and haggard face, but his gaze showed that he was extremely overjoyed.


 As he watched with expectations, the cocoon of light finally exploded, as a young man appeared in front of Old Man Yan Shi, completely naked and bare.


 He floated in the air, his eyes were shut, as if he was sleeping.


 Old Man Yan Shi quickly moved forward, using his hands to caress the young man’s body, from his thigh to his chest, and then to his face.


 Old Man Yan Shi could barely hold in his excitement, his fingers that were touching the face were shaking.


 He muttered: “Success! I actually succeeded! I replicated Ren Zu’s methods and used a dream realm to create a completely new extreme physique.”


 “This is a historical moment! Hahaha...”


 Old Man Yan Shi laughed loudly for a while, before stopping: “You were born from a dream realm, created from nothingness. Since I used the rule path become real Immortal Gu, I will name this, ‘Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique’.”


 Saying this, Old Man Yan Shi moved his hand and took out a lump of soul.


 This lump of soul was dark like ink, it immediately flew into the body with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique.


 Old Man Yan Shi waited for a moment, but he saw no movement from the body, his frown was getting deeper.


 “What’s going on? Why is he not waking up? This shouldn’t be the case?”


 He quickly inspected, a moment later, he sighed: “It seems that this body with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique is truly flawed. The dream path dao marks are very high in quantity, they gained a type of power in the body. Any soul that enters it will fall asleep and lose their memories continuously.”


 “What should I do?” Old Man Yan Shi paced around, feeling anxious: “The lifespan of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body has already started to decrease. Time is limited, I cannot do any detailed research now to solve this problem. What should I do?”


 After a long time, the body with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique slowly opened his mouth, finally awakening.


 He was childlike and unlearned, looking at Old Man Yan Shi, then looking around the place, his eyes were wide open and showed a naive expression.


 Old Man Yan Shi felt some regret, he tried all sorts of ways and finally awakened the soul within the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, solving the problem of the sleeping soul. But almost all the memories in the soul were lost.


 “But it doesn’t matter. The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique is a consumable rank nine battle strength, he is the greatest trump card to defend our core. As long as our plan succeeds, so what if the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique has a flaw?”


 Thinking of this, Old Man Yan Shi smiled as he sized him up with his black eyes, his tone hardly concealing his happiness: “Good, good, good. Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, you are the greatest accomplishment of my dream path research! Many of Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu were robbed and his battle strength has fallen. You will replace him, becoming our greatest strength in suppressing the situation.”


 “Who are you, who am I?” Ying Wu Xie curiously asked.


 “I am you, and you are me. I am Old Man Yan Shi, and you... shall be called Ying Wu Xie.” Old Man Yan Shi chuckled.


 He then lightly waved his arm, countless thoughts were transferred into Ying Wu Xie’s mind.


 Ying Wu Xie felt a wave of information entering his mind.


 Old Man Yan Shi said: “Remember, you only have eighteen hours of lifespan. Every two hours, your cultivation level will rise by one rank. Time is limited, I can only impart an immortal killer move to you. Although it doesn’t have any killing power, it is the pinnacle of dream path achievement currently in the five regions, at the forefront of this era. Even those Heavenly Court Gu Immortals are far behind. As the saying goes: ‘When you have the skill, you can eat your fill’! Learn it properly, when you become a Gu Immortal, I will give you a complete set of Gu worms for you to speed up your practice at that time!”


 Southern Border, Yi Tian Mountain.


 Fang Yuan, who was recuperating on his bed, shook as he opened his eyes suddenly.


 In his eyes, joy flashed across slightly before they went back to being emotionless.


 Around him, there were many injured members lying down and talking. Some healing Gu Masters were moving the injured members around, some were healing, while others were checking if injuries of patients were becoming worse.


 The air was filled with a bloody smell, it lingered in the nose and did not fade.


 After the seventh righteous demonic battle, Yi Tian Village’s medical ward was full of injured people. Right now, both sides were recuperating, healing from their losses and regaining their strength.


 Thus, the number of members in the medical ward was decreasing.


 Most of them were healed and left. Some could not be treated and died here.


 People were happy to live and hated to die, this medical ward became a place avoided by the demonic path Gu Masters.


 But Fang Yuan did not mind it.


 He pretended to be wounded and severely injured. Familiar face could deceive rank eight Gu Immortals, not to mention these mortal Gu Masters on Yi Tian Mountain.


 Fang Yuan found that this was the place which was most suitable to refine the Immortal Gu House’s battle will.


 Only here could he lay back, openly and calmly refining battle will almost unceasingly.


 Even though there were many people moving around, none of them could threaten a Gu Immortal like Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s strategy finally paid off earlier.


 “After spending so much time, I have finally finished converting Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s battle will. Now, I have to get rid of the other Gu Immortals’ battle will and become its owner!”


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he did not hesitate, he took action immediately.


 Inside the Immortal Gu House, his battle will whipped up a storm, engulfing other battle wills easily.


 The battle wills of these Southern Border Gu Immortals were all operating independently and caught unprepared, they could not react before they were all wiped out by Fang Yuan.


 At once, Fang Yuan caused a huge commotion.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were furious and shocked, some screamed while others flew out, some were staring blankly from disbelief!


 They communicated and realized that someone did not participate in the gambling contest, they secretly refined battle will and fooled all of the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals felt immense anger and hatred, a sea would not be able to douse their fury.


 All of their hard work had been for nothing.


 They had been scheming against others, but now, it was all like a joke!


 “Who is it? You dared to toy with us!”


 “Find them and kill them! They have openly challenged our Southern Border Gu Immortal world!!”


 “Not only will I kill them, I will tear their skin and pull out their tendons, I will extract their soul and torture them for a thousand years!”


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals had surging auras as they encircled Yi Tian Mountain.


 They could no longer bother with hiding their traces, countless auras burst into the sky, engulfing the entirety of Yi Tian Mountain.


 The righteous and demonic path Gu Masters were stunned.


 “What, what, what is going on?”


 “Immortals, are they immortals?!”


 “Such strong auras, they must be the legendary Gu Immortals. To think that I could have an opportunity to meet them in my life.”


 “So many immortals, is this the plot of the righteous (demonic) path?”


 The two factions of Gu Masters fell into chaos, a commotion ensued in their corresponding groups.


 “It is useless, this is the forbidden zone, none of you have the immortal aperture sealing method, how can you come in?” Fang Yuan snickered in his mind.


 But on the surface, he showed a fearful expression, similar to everyone around him.


 This was a crucial moment, Fang Yuan would, of course, not be careless.


 The forbidden zone could prevent Gu Immortals from entering, but it only targeted the immortal aperture, not their Immortal Gu. This meant that Gu Immortals could attack Yi Tian Mountain from afar.


 “Who is it? Come out!”


 “You have the guts to steal from us, but no guts to admit it?”


 The Gu Immortals were furious and anxious, they screamed like the rumbling of thunder, shaking the world.


 Even Yi Tian Mountain was shaking under their voices, not to mention the mortal Gu Masters. Including the rank five Gu Masters, all of them had pale expressions and were shivering in fear.


 Fang Yuan concealed himself and did not expose any flaws.


 After getting rid of the other battle wills, he manipulated the battle will and started to take over Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 This process needed some time.


 But Fang Yuan was not worried about the Southern Border Gu Immortals attacking without any reservations.


 For righteous path Gu Immortals, they needed to defend their reputations, they would not conduct a massacre here. For demonic path Gu Immortals, some had placed their Immortal Gu with their mortal pawns, similar to how Xiao clan’s ancestor had left Immortal Gu on Xiao Shan.


 Immortal Gu were very fragile, Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada could be crushed by a child.


 If they attacked without holding back, these Immortal Gu would likely be destroyed.


 As for some lone immortals like Old Man Yue Xia, his treasured disciple Lu Zuan Feng was on Yi Tian Mountain, how could he attack?


 More and more Gu worms came under Fang Yuan’s control.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s secret was finally exposed to Fang Yuan.


 “So this Immortal Gu House is a time path Immortal Gu House, it uses the power of time path to seal any attacks aimed at it, before sending them back! An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, this is an incredible idea!”


 Fang Yuan continuously praised in his mind.



***
Chapter 1002 - Extreme Formation, Dangerous Situation Again


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The exact reason could no longer be confirmed.


 But in short, the Immortal Gu House, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, had been suppressing the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie for so many years, the two had formed a peculiar balance.


 The Immortal Gu House was ownerless, inside, there was pure battle will.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had completely converted the battle will into his own, he had even pushed out all of the Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 Since rebirth, after so much planning, he had finally achieved his goal!


 Fang Yuan was filled with joy.


 But at the same time, he was undeniably nervous.


 “Faster, faster.” Fang Yuan secretly urged himself.


 Even though the battle will was his, taking over the Immortal Gu House needed some time.


 This duration was when Fang Yuan was at his weakest.


 If any of the Southern Border Gu Immortals went berserk and suddenly attacked Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan would have to defend against the attack, exposing himself in the process.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were furious and anxious, their minds were filled with rage and hatred.


 If they found Fang Yuan, they would definitely gang up and chop him into pieces, or completely eradicate him!


 Their emotions were understandable.


 After all, they had spent the last few months trying to be first, they had used all their methods to obtain the Immortal Gu House.


 But in the end, their hopes were dashed. The Immortal Gu House that they wanted had become someone else’s!


 If Fang Yuan had acted in accordance to the gambling contest and won fair and square, the immortals could still accept that result. But Fang Yuan had sneakily avoided them completely, his actions was simply theft in their eyes, he was unscrupulous and shameless!


 Why had they been working so hard over these last days?


 It was all useless!


 Even though the Southern Border Gu Immortals did not attack, they had used all their investigative methods.


 In a short amount of time, Fang Yuan felt dozens of mental waves sweeping across his body.


 His anxiety increased, his muscles were contracted, all of the hair on his body was standing.


 Even though he was using the immortal killer move familiar face, it was a modified version. And even if it was the original, times had changed, some Gu Immortals might have developed new investigative methods that could expose it.


 Fang Yuan was confident in deceiving the rank six and seven Gu Immortals. But against rank eight Gu Immortals, he was not as confident.


 Time continued to pass, as Fang Yuan waited.


 Fang Yuan’s mind was filled with thoughts that churned like a sea.


 As he took over the Immortal Gu House slowly, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s inner structure was exposed to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used all his time and effort to learn about these Immortal Gu and mortal Gu.


 At this crucial point of time, wisdom path grandmaster attainment level helped him immensely. Using these Immortal Gu and mortal Gu, Fang Yuan could deduce many things about the Immortal Gu House.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s understanding of the Immortal Gu House, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, rose rapidly from a state of nothingness.


 “Success!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he shouted internally.


 At this moment, he had finally succeeded, he completely took over the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 This Immortal Gu House belonged to him entirely, at Fang Yuan’s will, this Immortal Gu House flew out.


 Bam.


 At this moment, the medical ward’s doors were broken through.


 Xiao Shan, Lu Zuan Feng and another rank five Gu Master charged in ferociously with their troops.


 “There, there and that one there, they are all suspicious, kill them!” Xiao Shan was filled with killing intent, he pointed at three beds as he screamed.


 It turned out that not only were the Southern Border Gu Immortals themselves investigating, they were sending their pawns in both the righteous and demonic factions to undergo a bloodbath.


 Anyone that was found suspicious by the Gu Immortals was mercilessly killed, in order to find this accursed mastermind, Fang Yuan.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were all anxious.


 Even if their identities and the truth behind Yi Tian Mountain were exposed, they could not care less.


 “Even though they did not see through familiar face, they were still suspicious of me...” Fang Yuan muttered internally.


 Xiao Shan pointed at three suspicious people, Fang Yuan was one of them.


 Rank five Gu Master Sun Pang Hu walked towards him with a ruthless expression, Fang Yuan felt completely calm, feeling no nervousness.


 Of course, on the outside, Fang Yuan showed a confused and angry expression, he screamed: “What are you doing? I am not a spy from the righteous path!”


 “Who cares if you are not!” Sun Pang Hu shouted, pouncing towards Fang Yuan and kicking directly in the chest.


 Fang Yuan’s chest was caving inwards, his heart was crushed as blood oozed out.


 Fang Yuan shouted in pain as he tried to retaliate.


 But Sun Pang Hu’s punch sent him flying.


 Boom.


 Fang Yuan’s corpse hit the wall, it slowly slid down, sprawling on the ground with his eyes wide open, he had ‘died’.


 “Go! To the next site!!” After settling this, Xiao Shan waved his hand as he brought his people elsewhere.


 The remaining injured members were all left panicking, there were also three unlucky corpses.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan was not dead.


 This was a disguise.


 Familiar face’s disguise was limited to a human-like form, but it was very easy to show an appearance of death.


 Fang Yuan still needed some time.


 Taking over the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was not enough, there was still one matter he had to settle first.


 That was, to suppress the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie!


 There was still some immortal essence left inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, Fang Yuan mobilized the Immortal Gu House and created a huge force with his battle will, assaulting the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 The slumbering rank eight immortal zombie opened his eyes, resisting violently.


 Fang Yuan snorted internally: “Sure enough, it will not be easy...”


 He was not surprised.


 In his previous life, this rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had charged out.


 Fang Yuan had previously deduced the possibility of the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie retaliating.


 A Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was something Fang Yuan required, he was not going to let it go, he prepared many methods just for this situation.


 But just as he was about to strike, tribulation clouds rumbled in the sky as the earth started to shake.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were uncertain, they shouted: “What is going on?”


 “This seems like the prelude to a heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity!”


 “Why would there be a tribulation out of nowhere?”


 “Is someone undergoing tribulation?”


 “Who cares about the tribulation, what I am concerned about now is finding that thief who stole our Immortal Gu House!!”


 Fang Yuan was surprised: “It is not time yet, why is this happening earlier? Oh no... the tribulations are already starting, then, is Shadow Sect also here already?”


 Fang Yuan knew this was turning bad, he hesitated.


 “Activating the tribulations in advance, was it the influence of my rebirth? Shadow Sect is a mysterious and huge power, should I retreat?”


 Actually, at this point, it was okay to give up on the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 After all, this was not the only possible Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie in the world, there was still Hei Lou Lan.


 Even though Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan had an agreement, once it expired, or if he used an information path method to nullify the agreement, Fang Yuan would be able to target Hei Lou Lan.


 In the past, Fang Yuan did not have the strength to deal with Hei Lou Lan. That was because Hei Lou Lan was backed by Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 But now, Fang Yuan had the Immortal Gu House, if he disregarded the immortal essence cost, he could suppress all three of these women, who cared if she was rank seven, rank eight, or had one of the ten extreme physiques.


 With the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan had sufficient confidence!


 “However, it is quite a big loss if I give up. This is a rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie... plotting against Hei Lou Lan will be a matter for the future. Who can be certain about the future, how can I ensure that I will succeed? The alliance agreement was just set recently, if I give up now, it will take too long to deal with Hei Lou Lan, unexpected surprises might occur.”


 While he was hesitating, a change occurred in the sky!


 Old Man Yan Shi appeared, leading the Gu Immortals of the ten extreme physiques in setting up the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals were encircled, after feeling shocked, rage rose in their hearts.


 A Gu Immortal shouted: “Who are you? Were you behind the theft of the Immortal Gu House?”


 A rank eight Gu Immortal snorted: “Cowards hiding yourselves, show your faces if you dare, I want to see who dares to plot against me in Southern Border?”


 Old Man Yan Shi looked at the Southern Border immortals as he smiled coldly in disdain, he turned around and looked at Ying Wu Xie: “I have already told you everything that needs to be done, you need to remember them.”


 Ying Wu Xie blinked innocently, he nodded: “You can go ahead and die, don’t worry about me.”


 He was just born twelve hours ago, his cultivation level was at rank six, he had become a Gu Immortal. But he was still very ignorant about the world, and about life and death.


 Old Man Yan Shi shook his head helplessly.


 He naturally did not originally intend to create such an assistant.


 “It is a pity, my attainment in human path cannot compare to Ren Zu. The ten extreme physiques from Ren Zu could exist for a long time. But my Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique can only live for eighteen hours. Even though the weakness of a sleeping soul was eliminated, the memories in the soul are still being lost by the effect of the dream path dao marks.”


 This way, there was no use in transferring a large amount of information into Ying Wu Xie’s mind. The more information he got, the faster he would forget them.


 Only if he tried to memorize it himself would there be some effectiveness.


 Old Man Yan Shi concealed his regret: “I am going now, but before dying, I will make a deduction for you.”


 “Be careful... one of us...” Old Man Yan Shi said his final words before turning into powder, dissipating in the wind.


 Including his soul, many Shadow Sect Gu Immortals sacrificed themselves, sending their souls into the giant formation.


 Ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, created by the sacrifice of many Gu Immortals, it had reached ninety percent completion.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals had already tried to break this formation, now that it was ninety percent complete, the Southern Border Gu Immortals were startled and fearful.


 Above them, the thousand pearl-light tribulation descended.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals gave up on breaking out, they had to deal with the impending tribulations first.



***
Chapter 1003 - Fang Yuan Defeats Bo Qing in One Move!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Shadow Sect also came earlier, huh...” Fang Yuan looked at the sky, mumbling to himself internally.


 Although he wholeheartedly wanted to finish his plan early, after putting it into practice, he knew that although his plan was great on paper, the way events unfolded in reality turned him helpless.


 In his previous life, the Southern Border Gu Immortals resisted several waves of tribulations before Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals made their appearance.


 This life, however, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals also appeared early and arranged the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 Since this formation had succeeded, Fang Yuan was no longer in a hurry to retreat.


 The reason was simple.


 The worst situation had already appeared.


 Like in his previous life, Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel would also be ineffective in this formation.


 Even with the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, it would take some time to break through the ninety percent complete ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 Fang Yuan had deciphered many battlefield killer moves, particularly in Eastern Sea’s Yu Lu blessed land.


 However, Yu Lu blessed land’s battlefield killer moves might be exquisite, but they were unmanned, and were arrangements that were fixed in place. Even if someone took control of them, their strongest state might not even match one percent of this ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 Although Fang Yuan was not a formation path Gu Immortal and also was not proficient in it, he at least had this insight.


 If he went out now, he would definitely be a target for all. The Southern Border Gu Immortals would not let him go, and Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals naturally would not just look on as the Immortal Gu House was taken by Fang Yuan.


 “Suppress the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie first, then look for a good opportunity to use the Immortal Gu House to forcibly break through!” Fang Yuan concentrated on the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 The sudden appearance of Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had somewhat helped Fang Yuan from a certain perspective.


 If not for their appearance, the Southern Border Gu Immortals would definitely concentrate on Fang Yuan.


 The pressure on Fang Yuan had relaxed, he had even more energy to deal with the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie now.


 What made Fang Yuan shocked was that this immortal zombie still had quite a bit of strength left.


 Facing Fang Yuan’s continuous offense, he activated Immortal Gu to mobilize his battle will and resisted fiercely and decisively.


 For a moment, Fang Yuan was on the back foot!


 “This immortal zombie is also an astute schemer! Previously, he used battle will to try to refine the Immortal Gu House, but failed. Probably because of exhaustion, he went into a deep sleep. While in his sleep, he accumulated his strength in the hope that when he woke up, he could use the accumulated energy to turn around the situation.” Fang Yuan guessed, involuntarily having some admiration for such an opponent.


 If the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie cultivated strength path, he quite likely would not have such a method.


 However, this immortal zombie was different, he had such good strength path talent but he actually gave it up to cultivate wisdom path.


 Who knew what he was thinking.


 But Fang Yuan knew that it was his wisdom path method that allowed him to forcibly dig a way out in this situation of certain loss.


 Maybe this immortal zombie had already woken up and slept many times, repeating it and accumulating battle will. But during his sleep, the Immortal Gu House would purify his battle will.


 If not for Fang Yuan interfering, according to such a course of events continuing, this immortal zombie could definitely free himself.


 He would not only be able to free himself, he could also obtain Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Unfortunately, his scheme was for naught, as Fang Yuan overtook him.


 While Fang Yuan was dealing with this Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, the situation in the sky around Yi Tian Mountain was rapidly changing.


 Thousand pearl-light tribulation, dark flying frost, desolate beasts, dragon roar tribulation, four inferno clouds tribulation, snow war tribulation lightning...


 Like the previous life, waves after waves of tribulations, with increasingly frightening might, descended upon the Southern Border Gu Immortals, inflicting severe losses.


 It was not that they hadn’t tried breaking the formation.


 But how could they break through the ninety percent complete ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation?


 Like in the previous life, they mistakenly thought Ying Wu Xie was the greatest flaw, but they were struck by the immortal killer move lead soul into dream, and had to halt in defeat.


 Later, they entrusted hope in the tribulations, hoping that the tribulations could destroy the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation. But Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals started initiating their offensive.


 As time passed, under the Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie’s resistance was becoming weaker and weaker.


 While Fang Yuan slowly saw hope, the Southern Border Gu Immortals had already lost theirs.


 Almost all of them were dead, either dying to the battle formation from the extreme immortal zombies, or dying under the terrifying tribulations.


 The only remaining two rank eights were heavily injured, running like headless chickens in the gaps between the tribulations and Shadow Sect’s offense.


 Fang Yuan was also without other options.


 It was not that he did not try to help these Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 He still had not completely suppressed the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, so he naturally hoped these Southern Border Gu Immortals could stall for some time.


 Not long earlier, he had secretly transmitted his voice, trying to inform these Gu Immortals about the power of Ying Wu Xie.


 But the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation had already spread to ten thousand li around Yi Tian Mountain, not only did it isolate the space, it also stopped sound transmissions. Fang Yuan was unable to achieve what he wanted.


 Fang Yuan had tried other methods as well, but they all failed.


 After several attempts, Fang Yuan had wisely given up, placing all his concentration back upon the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 At the same time, high in the sky, a tall and white tower was quietly hovering.


 Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 “Tower Lord, the Southern Border Gu Immortals are already almost all dead, should we make a move now?” Bi Chen Tian asked.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord held his walking stick, with the help of Heaven Overseeing Tower, his gaze pierced through all obstacles and saw the battlefield below clearly.


 “Such a powerful formation. This formation is seemingly an ancient battle formation, but in fact it relies on the dao marks of the ten extreme physiques. A man-made formation has the intrinsic qualities of a battlefield killer move. But this formation has a flaw, that is, it lacks one last strength path extreme physique. If all ten extremes were to really gather, that would be quite a thorny situation.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord remarked.


 “No wonder Shadow Sect’s people thought of all possible methods to capture that Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie under the mountain.” Lian Jiu Sheng suddenly realized.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord stroked his beard: “It is not easy to take the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie. They must pass the obstacle that is Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage. Let’s wait for now. Bo Qing and the others have yet to appear.”


 “In this journey, we have brought thirteen Gu Immortals, along with the Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower. But we have passed the regional wall through white heaven without stopping on our way, we are not in optimal condition.”


 “The enemies still have trump cards unused, let them bustle about first. Even if the Southern Border Gu Immortals are annihilated, aren’t there still the tribulations? Hmph... that person refuses to stay dead, he wants to return but has provoked the fury of heaven’s will. The mighty tribulations will become increasingly terrifying!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was not hurried.


 This was different from the previous life.


 In the previous life, when he saw the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie appearing again, he had immediately struck with a vicious attack.


 But in this life, the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was suppressed by Fang Yuan, he could not even budge, much less appear out in the open, thus Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was not in a hurry to make a move.


 Although his twelve companions had a common goal and all had rank eight cultivation, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord did not dare to make a rash move.


 “Heavenly Court is still not making a move?” Far away, Bo Qing was gazing at the sky solemnly.


 In the previous life, he was unable to attack Heavenly Lotus Sect and could only choose to attack Combat Immortal Sect, which made Shadow Sect’s previous arrangements useless.


 But in this life, there were divergences. Vice Envoy Blue, who was Seven Star Child, did not die, and together with Yu Mu Chun and Song Zi Xing, they activated an immortal killer move to transport themselves quickly to Heavenly Lotus Sect.


 Attacking this sect was among Shadow Sect’s plans.


 Bo Qing and the rest delayed some time before retreating.


 However, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was not easy to deceive. The unease inside him caused him to immediately return to Heavenly Court and use Heaven Overseeing Tower to make calculations. When he deduced Yi Tian Mountain, this crucial area, he quickly summoned as many Gu Immortals as he could and moved out together with Heaven Overseeing Tower, traveling to this place without resting.


 “Since he won’t make a move, we will.” Song Zi Xing’s voice came through an information path Gu worm.


 Bo Qing nodded: “Let me go first.”


 Next moment, dazzling light shot to the sky, an Immortal Gu House of a majestic scale appeared in everyone’s vision.


 “Hmm?!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was surprised, this Immortal Gu House had been hiding in the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, who knew what methods were used, he had actually not sensed it.


 The Immortal Gu House flew to the sky before fiercely crashing down on Yi Tian Mountain.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was ashen, his eyes shining with a cold brilliance.


 “Immortal Gu House Sacred Feather City!” He gritted his teeth, he had not thought that at this crucial moment, Sacred Feather City, which was originally owned by the featherman Gu Immortals, would appear at this place.


 The moment this city appeared, Fang Yuan had started feeling uneasy.


 Now, seeing this enormous Immortal Gu House falling down on him, Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 He was extremely unwilling, he was just a few steps away from success. The rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was already on the verge of defeat and would not be able to hold on any longer.


 But now, he had to stop!


 The Sacred Feather City directly smashed down, Fang Yuan had to activate Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage to resist it.


 If the Immortal Gu House was not activated, its battle strength could not be displayed. The amount of immortal essence used in the activation process would determine whether the Immortal Gu House’s battle strength would be high or low.


 Even Heaven Overseeing Tower, a rank nine Immortal Gu House, had a portion cut by Bo Qing’s sword light in its inactive state.


 “Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, rise!”


 Fang Yuan resolutely called out internally, no longer concealing himself, showing his real body.


 Yi Tian Mountain instantly crumbled, while Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage shot towards the sky like a crimson meteor.


 It also had space path Gu worms, bursting out with a powerful and formless force that instantly transported Fang Yuan inside.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was officially controlling Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage!


 “Merely Sacred Feather City...” Fang Yuan snorted inwardly, and with a flourish of his hand, rank nine yellow apricot immortal essence spread out.


 Rank nine immortal essence from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it was nothing to scoff at!


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was originally shrouded within an aura of red light a few meters in size. But after the expenditure of yellow apricot immortal essence, this red light was like a volcano, as it violently enlarged to fifteen or twenty meters!


 “What?” Bo Qing, who was controlling Sacred Feather City, called out in shock.


 Boom!


 An earth-shaking explosion erupted, Sacred Feather City was ruthlessly sent flying by Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Large amounts of city walls, gates and tiles were sent flying everywhere, turning into corpses of Gu worms which then scattered along with the air.


 There was no doubt about it, Fang Yuan defeated Bo Qing in one move!



***
Chapter 1004 - Deep Underlying Schemes, Great Danger


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan repelled Sacred Feather City, he did not know that immortal zombie Bo Qing was inside manipulating it.


 Using this opportunity, Fang Yuan maneuvered Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, turning around in the sky and crashing towards Yi Tian Mountain again.


 Along the way, tribulations rained down and hit Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, causing loud crackling sounds.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage defended as it charged down relentlessly, it could protect itself from the tribulations.


 At this moment, Yi Tian Mountain had already collapsed, turning into a ruin. Yi Tian Mountain’s demonic path Gu Masters were all heavily injured or dead. Corpses were everywhere, it was a terrible sight.


 Fang Yuan took a glance and then stopped looking at these lowly mortals.


 His eyes were shining with cold light, at this point, he was still unwilling to give up.


 The earlier suppression failed, but Fang Yuan still had a chance.


 “Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, you are mine! Hmm?” Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was about to charge down again, when a second Immortal Gu House blocked Fang Yuan’s path.


 This Immortal Gu House was entirely black, it gave off a metallic luster.


 It was also in the form of a fortress.


 But it was not as grand as Sacred Feather City, it was a battle fort that was forged with steel.


 To compare them, Sacred Feather City was like a gentlemanly prince, while this Immortal Gu House was a warrior clad in steel armor.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, he gritted his teeth and charged down again.


 He had to race against time.


 The more time the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had, the more he could recover to a better state.


 Boom!


 With a huge sound that could burst eardrums, the two Immortal Gu Houses crashed into each other.


 A huge shock wave was generated, blasting out in all directions.


 The shock waves caused rocks from the mountain to fly away, among them were the corpses of Gu Masters.


 The two Immortal Gu Houses were in a deadlock.


 Even though Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had a powerful charge, the iron fortress-like Immortal Gu House could barely hold it off.


 Both sides were contesting.


 The iron fortress Immortal Gu House was slowly pushed back, but Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was losing its momentum.


 “Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage is a rank seven Immortal Gu House, this other Immortal Gu House is likely also rank seven, specialized in defense.” Fang Yuan had a realization.


 He sighed, knowing that he had lost his opportunity.


 He had tried hard, but because of obstructions, he did not succeed.


 This amount of time was enough for the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie to break free from the force of Fang Yuan’s suppression and recover.


 Fang Yuan’s attempt failed, he immediately tried to retreat, leaving this troublesome place.


 Turning around, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage flew into the sky.


 Fang Yuan did not fly directly upwards, he crashed towards the southeast direction.


 The third and fourth Immortal Gu Houses appeared consecutively.


 These two Immortal Gu Houses were small, one was filled with blood-red light, in the shape of a chariot. The other was dark and eerie, it was an old castle with grey tiles and white walls.


 Four Immortal Gu Houses trapped Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, which Fang Yuan was controlling.


 Fang Yuan charged in all directions, but he was obstructed by the four Immortal Gu Houses, he could not gather enough force to charge out of the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 Inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, Fang Yuan’s expression was dark.


 He did not expect Shadow Sect to make such a huge move.


 An Immortal Gu House was already very rare. Shadow Sect actually took out four Immortal Gu Houses, what were they trying to do by being so relentless?


 Even though the situation was not in his favor, Fang Yuan was still calm.


 The enemy might be strong, but it was not a desperate situation yet, because one party had not joined the fight yet.


 Fang Yuan looked into the sky from time to time, he was waiting.


 Would Heavenly Court fail to deduce that Shadow Sect was attacking early? Even if they failed, by this time, they should have arrived.


 When Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals attack, the situation would be chaotic, Fang Yuan would be able to take advantage of the confusion.


 “But Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, why are they not attacking yet?” Fang Yuan thought as he reduced Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s power purposely.


 The Immortal Gu House that was shining with bright red light turned from brilliant to faint.


 At once, the situation changed.


 Fang Yuan’s Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was suppressed by four Immortal Gu Houses.


 Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s eyes were shining with white light that gradually faded.


 He used Heaven Overseeing Tower earlier to make a deduction, it had just ended.


 He smiled coldly: “The person inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage is an otherworldly demon. His name is Gu Yue Fang Yuan, the destruction of Imperial Court blessed land and the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had been done by him! This person seems to have some sort of relationship with Red Lotus Demon Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Don’t think that he is being suppressed in this current scenario, he is just acting so that we will strike.”


 “Oh? Then, are Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect allies or enemies? Is their intense battle just an act?” Lian Jiu Sheng asked in confusion.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord waved his hand: “I am not interested in Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect’s relationship, it is not important. Since he wants to lure us to attack, let’s do it. The ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation is part of the enemy’s crucial plan. I have already deduced that they have obtained that final key immortal zombie. Everyone, come with me, activate Heaven Overseeing Tower and destroy the formation, ruin the enemy’s scheme!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord called out and everyone responded, they were full of intent to fight.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals around him all had stern expressions, they attacked together.


 A beam of light shot towards the ten extreme formation.


 “I wanted to use Fang Yuan to prevent the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals from attacking, so as to stall for time. It seems that such a shallow scheme cannot deceive these Heavenly Court members. Attack!” Envoy Blue, or Seven Star Child ordered as he thought over Shadow Sect’s situation.


 “Good, Heavenly Court is attacking.” Fang Yuan was just starting to feel joy when he saw three more Immortal Gu Houses emerging!


 One was a pavilion with red bricks and green tiles. One was a manor with white traces flying around. One was an altar with shiny golden lights.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses worked together to resist the attack from Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 “...” Fang Yuan did not know what to say.


 Since when did Immortal Gu Houses become so commonplace? They were emerging one after another, what were they planning to do?


 Fang Yuan’s sense of unease was growing.


 He had thought that the mysteries behind the battle of Yi Tian Mountain were as deep as a lake. But to think that this place was as deep as an ocean!


 The hidden details simply ran too deeply.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, a battle of such a scale numbered to less than five!


 “Good, good, good. Sacred Feather City, Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, Nightmare Castle, Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, Golden Altar... seven Immortal Gu Houses were forced out by my one move.” From inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s voice could be heard.


 He exposed the names of Shadow Sect’s Immortal Gu House, his voice was loud as thunder, it could be heard over the surrounding thousands of li.


 “Now then, we will let you see the might of Heaven Overseeing Tower!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shouted as the heavens shook.


 Rank nine Immortal Gu House, Heaven Overseeing Tower, activated fully.


 There was no warning.


 The sky turned white!


 The world turned white!


 Even Fang Yuan, who was inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, at this moment, could only see white.


 Light was everywhere.


 White light.


 It filled the entire world, all the space in this world was filled with white light.


 The light seemed harmless, Fang Yuan did not even feel a sense of danger.


 “This... what sort of attack...” When the white light faded, Fang Yuan regained his senses slowly.


 Taking a look, his body shook.


 In the sky, debris of these Immortal Gu Houses was falling down.


 The falling debris turned back into countless Gu worms as they fell.


 Not a single Gu worm survived.


 The corpses of these Gu worms fell in the air, scattering everywhere.


 The most mysterious thing was, from the outside, these dead Gu worms did not have any injuries, but they had lost all traces of life.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses closest to Heaven Overseeing Tower, Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, and Golden Altar had broken apart. The remaining Immortal Gu Houses were also heavily damaged.


 But overall, Fang Yuan’s Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had suffered the least damage.


 “Did Heavenly Court spare me?” Fang Yuan had a thought but he quickly denied it.


 “Hmph! Otherworldly demon...” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord gave Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage a look as he directed his attention towards the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 The move earlier had activated fate Immortal Gu, creating an incredibly strong attack.


 This was an attack that carried the power of fate.


 Fate was predestined.


 If one is not fated, no matter how hard they work, they will not achieve anything.


 If fate decrees that you fail, you will fail.


 This was an unavoidable attack.


 It could have destroyed the ten extreme formation, but these three Immortal Gu Houses sacrificed themselves and endured the attack.


 In contrast, from the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, Ying Wu Xie had flown out, his spot was taken over by the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.


 “After being suppressed for so many years, I face such a great enemy upon escaping. Hahaha, I like it!” The rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie raised his head and laughed.


 He pointed at Heaven Overseeing Tower, shouting: “Scoundrels from Heavenly Court, come! Celebrate my resurrection!”


 The fully completed ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation activated!


 Dark clouds formed, covering the entire battlefield, spreading out endlessly at a rapid speed.


 All ten of the extreme immortal zombies were hidden in the dark clouds, their traces were gone.


 Countless immortal apertures were drawn out by the mystical power of the formation, they resembled starlight.


 These immortal apertures were left behind after the Southern Border Gu Immortals died.


 The immortal apertures went into the deep part of the dark clouds and gathered.


 Countless Gu worms, both Immortal and mortal, were flying about inside the dark clouds.


 At this point, Fang Yuan finally understood something: “So this ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation is actually a refinement path Gu formation! What is Shadow Sect trying to refine? They actually used the Southern Border Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures as the refinement materials?!”


 Such a method was simply unheard of.


 The high and mighty Gu Immortals were like ants now, casually killed and used to refine Gu.


 Even Fang Yuan, with his five hundred years of experience, had never seen something like this.


 Shadow Sect, a mysterious force hidden in the depths of history, its true motive and plan that had been ongoing for countless years was finally going to show itself!



***
Chapter 1005 - Thousand Year Traitor, Stalling


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “You actually activated this formation in front of us?! Even though you were once invincible in the world, you are already dead now. If you do not respect us, so be it, but such a heaven defying act to transgress against heaven’s will, how can we let you succeed?”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shouted, gathering the strength of the Heavenly Court immortals to use Heaven Overseeing Tower’s strongest attack again.


 “Endure it!” The Shadow Sect immortals, who had predicted, this activated their Immortal Gu Houses and charged up.


 The world turned white.


 The attack from fate could not be defended against.


 After recovering his senses, Fang Yuan spat out a mouthful of blood, his face was purple-gold in color.


 Even though he was an otherworldly demon, he was still a part of the world and under its influence, his injuries were only less severe than others.


 Taking another look, Fang Yuan saw that the Immortal Gu Houses Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, and Nightmare Castle had broken apart, turning into fragments and falling from the sky.


 Fang Yuan’s Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had also suffered huge losses even though it was inside the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation. Up to a thousand mortal Gu had died, two Immortal Gu were on the verge of death, they already could not be used. Three out of seven of the duel stage’s edges had broken apart.


 But Fang Yuan was happy about this.


 He wanted Heavenly Court to continue attacking this ten extreme formation.


 Once there was an opening, he could escape.


 The situation was getting clearer, evidently, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were here for Shadow Sect. If Fang Yuan escaped now, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals would not have the spare energy to attack him.


 Under Fang Yuan’s expectant gaze, Heaven Overseeing Tower was surrounded in white light once again.


 The white light gathered and became thicker, when it accumulated to its maximum capacity, it would unleash fate’s strongest attack again. By then, the ten extreme formation would definitely be breached.


 Whoosh...!


 With a burst of wind, Sacred Feather City moved towards Fang Yuan to crash into him.


 “You are not dealing with Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, but approaching me instead?” Fang Yuan snickered, but did not fight the other party.


 He craftily maneuvered Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, dodging everywhere and awaiting the next attack of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 Boom!


 Suddenly, Heaven Overseeing Tower shook immensely, the accumulated white light exploded and vanished.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was covered in blemishes, it was heavily damaged.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals in the tower were spitting out blood, facing the damage of the backlash.


 In Sacred Feather City, Seven Star Child’s voice could be heard: “Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, you fell for our trap.”


 At this moment, in Sacred Feather City, there were more than ten Shadow Sect Gu Immortals, with immortal zombie Seven Star Child, immortal zombie Bo Qing, and Ying Wu Xie at the lead.


 The other six Immortal Gu Houses were destroyed, but Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals used some space path method to escape, gathering in this final Immortal Gu House, Sacred Feather City.


 With the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, and having planned for so long, it was not strange that Shadow Sect could do this with their territorial advantage.


 “How can this be?” Fang Yuan saw the damage and was shocked and doubtful.


 Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals reacted one by one.


 “Heaven Overseeing Tower is a rank nine Immortal Gu House, how can it be damaged so heavily?”


 “Earlier, Shadow Sect did not strike, that means Heaven Overseeing Tower itself has a problem!”


 “There are traitors in Heavenly Court!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s expression was grim as he looked at Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng fixedly.


 After Sword Immortal Bo Qing awakened, sword lights rampaged over Central Continent, one had cut Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 To prevent the sword qi from destroying more Gu worms and causing bigger damage, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had repaired it with Bi Chen Tian and Lian Jiu Sheng.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had no issues of course, thus, the traitor was either Bi Chen Tian or Lian Jiu Sheng.


 Hearing Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s words, the other Gu Immortals reacted, quickly moving away from these two suspects, encircling them in the process.


 “Wait! How can I be a traitor from Shadow Sect?!” Bi Chen Tian’s expression was shocked and furious, he defended himself: “To join Heavenly Court, there are countless trials to go through. Heavenly Court has already existed for three million years, since when had any traitors appeared? Maybe this is a method from Shadow Sect, the urgent matter now is to destroy this refinement path formation! We must not fall for Shadow Sect’s scheme of sowing dissension!!”


 Bi Chen Tian’s expression was sincere, his anxiety could not be concealed.


 “Hahaha...” Lian Jiu Sheng beside him laughed loudly, his expression was dark as he looked around, speaking eerily: “Precisely because it was created three million years ago, any strict test or trial is already too outdated. How hard can it be to infiltrate Heavenly Court?”


 “Lian Jiu Sheng, you!” Bi Chen Tian shouted, taking a step back in shock.


 “So Lian Jiu Sheng is the traitor!”


 “Are you Lian Jiu Sheng, or someone else?”


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were preparing themselves for a fight, but nobody made a move yet.


 “Lian Jiu Sheng never existed in the first place. You want to stop me? Not even the rank nine Immortal Gu House can succeed! Hehehe, survive this first.”


 Saying this, Lian Jiu Sheng died!


 A large burst of green wind blew out from within him.


 “Winds of assimilation!”


 With his identity exposed, Lian Jiu Sheng immediately suicided, destroying his immortal aperture and creating the winds of assimilation.


 Such resolution and boldness, he was just like Qin Bai Sheng.


 Winds of assimilation could assimilate everything, they were extraordinary. But this was the internal space of the rank nine Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower, before the winds of assimilation grew any further, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord and the others spent a great deal of effort to quickly quell the winds.


 But Lian Jiu Sheng’s death did not simply only create this wind.


 Since there were traitors in Heavenly Court, was Lian Jiu Sheng the only one? Were there others?


 The united Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were starting to have trust issues.


 “Heavenly Court’s investigative methods have not been modified for many years. According to ‘his’ ability, it is not impossible to infiltrate Heavenly Court.” A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal said gravely.


 “Is Heaven Overseeing Tower’s damage severe?” More people were concerned about this.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shook his head: “Forty percent of Heaven Overseeing Tower was destroyed. We cannot use the attack from earlier again. If we attempt to force its use, it will only lead to Heaven Overseeing Tower breaking apart!”


 After Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord said that, he sighed deeply.


 If it were not for fate Gu being incomplete, Shadow Sect would definitely not succeed.


 Although one had to admit that the creation of an undercover agent by Shadow Sect was simply brilliant.


 Lian Jiu Sheng had been there for a thousand years, nobody had ever suspected him, once he took action, he temporarily destroyed Heaven Overseeing Tower’s strongest attacking method.


 Of course, the underlying cause for this was Shadow Sect exploiting Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s achievement.


 If fate Immortal Gu was fully intact, Heaven Overseeing Tower would be able to stop its own attack, there would be no backlash.


 “Everyone, the traitor is already exposed, why are you still encircling me?” Bi Chen Tian could not bear to remain in this state, he asked this.


 The immortals finally reacted, apologizing as they left the encirclement.


 But Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were not completely trusting of Bi Chen Tian, some of their gazes towards him carried deep suspicion.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord saw this and was alarmed and fearful, he quickly spoke to control the situation: “Everyone! Listen to me, do not be suspicious of one another. Lian Jiu Sheng was merely exaggerating, if he could continue to lurk, how could he expose himself? If Heavenly Court had many spies, Heaven Overseeing Tower would have been destroyed long ago, why would they only reach this point?”


 The morale of the immortals rose, realizing at once.


 “So close, we almost fell for their scheme.”


 “Tower Lord is right, it is Shadow Sect’s limit to achieve this much!”


 “If Lian Jiu Sheng could really resist our investigative methods, why would he expose himself and suicide? He had no confidence, this shows that our methods are still useful.”


 “Let’s not consider how Lian Jiu Sheng got into Heavenly Court for now. The urgent matter now is the formation down there. Heaven Overseeing Tower might have lost its strongest attack, but we still have hope, as long as we work together, the power of a rank nine Immortal Gu House can still destroy their schemes!”


 The immortals were all experienced veterans, after discussing, their morale was raised once again.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was activated, crashing down like a meteor.


 Shadow Sect did not block it, they opened a gap in the formation and allowed Heaven Overseeing Tower to get in.


 Fang Yuan wanted to leave, but was obstructed by Sacred Feather City.


 Thus, inside the formation, three Immortal Gu Houses engaged in a chaotic battle.


 Even though the rank nine Heaven Overseeing Tower was heavily damaged, it was still an overlord, it charged around with an unstoppable might.


 Shadow Sect used the power of Sacred Feather City and the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation to barely contest with Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was maneuvering Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, with evasion as his priority.


 Compared to before, Fang Yuan’s predicament was much better now.


 Because Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court had both suffered immense losses. As Fang Yuan was an otherworldly demon, his losses were actually the smallest among them.


 “No need to rush, Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court are irreconcilable enemies, they will continue to fight intensely. As they continue to weaken themselves, I will have an opportunity. Right now, my priority is to preserve my strength.” Fang Yuan assessed.


 “No need to be hasty, as long as we are inside the formation, the other party needs to focus their attention on Heaven Overseeing Tower. The longer we drag, the stronger the calamities and tribulations, and the higher our chances of winning.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord looked at the situation and explained to the Heavenly Court immortals.


 “Stall!” Inside Sacred Feather City, immortal zombie Bo Qing called out.


 Seven Star Child continued: “That’s right, we have Ying Wu Xie. The longer we drag this on, the higher his cultivation level, and the stronger his dream path killer move. Dream path is beyond this era, even Heaven Overseeing Tower cannot defend against it. Against dream path attacks, it would have almost no defense.”


 “Are you talking about me?” Ying Wu Xie stared with wide opened eyes, pointing at himself.


 Seven Star Child nodded: “Even Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord cannot deduce your actual situation. The only concern now is, the higher your cultivation level, the more sophisticated your killer move, lead soul into dream, becomes. But this immortal killer move needs more Gu worms to become stronger, the activation process also becomes more complex. You need to use it properly, there cannot be a mistake.”


 Ying Wu Xie breathed in deeply, waving his hands with a fearful look: “Uncle zombie, I am getting nervous after hearing that.”


 Coincidentally, Shadow Sect, Heavenly Court, and Fang Yuan, all three of them were thinking of stalling for time. But in the end, who would get the last laugh?



***
Chapter 1006 - Continuously Going In and Out


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bam bam bam!


 Waves and waves of lightning strikes rained down continuously.


 Before the previous wave dissipated, the next wave struck.


 The entire sky was like a dark blue forest.


 This forest made entirely of lightning was covered in dark clouds.


 The ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation had already turned into dark clouds. The ten extreme immortal zombies inside could not be found at all. This made Fang Yuan’s plan of attacking the formation cores a failure.


 In the dark clouds, three meteor-like Immortal Gu Houses circled around one another, clashing from time to time, or attacking with a long range method.


 All of them were patiently waiting for an opportunity, but whose tactic would emerge victorious?


 As the tribulations increased in strength, the ten extreme formation was starting to fall short, the dark clouds had scattered slightly after being struck by lightning. But it had not reached the level of weakness that Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord wanted.


 Because the three sides were restricting one another, Fang Yuan’s opportunity never came.


 “Okay, I have rank seven cultivation level now.” Inside Sacred Feather City, Ying Wu Xie spoke cheerfully.


 “Good, we will deal with Fang Yuan first and take Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage!” Seven Star Child replied.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded.


 Shadow Sect had specially designed the dream path killer move, lead soul into dream, for him. They had prepared a set of Gu worms, every rank of cultivation would have a corresponding version of ‘lead soul into dream’.


 Why were they dealing with Fang Yuan first instead of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals?


 Firstly, Fang Yuan only had rank six cultivation level, he was easier to deal with. Furthermore, he had control of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, once he was dealt with, they would obtain Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage to fight against Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Secondly, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were also stalling, they were not emitting strong pressure on Shadow Sect. Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals realized this and were going to make use of it.


 Thirdly, Ying Wu Xie was only rank seven, his lead soul into dream was still ineffective against rank eight Gu Immortals. If Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were attacked by it in advance, they would have time to try and deduce the killer move, they might be able to resolve it later.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression was serious as he started to use lead soul into dream.


 “Don’t be nervous, do it slowly.”


 “You can do it, good luck!”


 The other Shadow Sect Gu Immortals were more nervous than Ying Wu Xie himself.


 Rank seven dream path killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream!


 Under the immortals’ expectant gazes, Ying Wu Xie did not disappoint them, he successfully activated the dream path killer move.


 Lead soul into dream’s power was sent towards Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage formlessly.


 Fang Yuan was caught unprepared, he fell into a dream realm after being hit.


 In the pavilion on the lake, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was singing while playing her zither.


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 “Alas...”


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


 Similar to the first two times, this time, a new wave of information somehow went into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace? Spectral night... soul into endless dreams... so the truth behind Shadow Sect is like this!” Fang Yuan’s body and mind shook.


 “Weird.” At the same time, Ying Wu Xie scratched his head inside Sacred Feather City, having a strange expression on his face.


 “What is it? You did not succeed?” The other immortals asked.


 They were extremely concerned about Ying Wu Xie’s performance.


 Ying Wu Xie shook his head: “They fell asleep and entered a dream, but this immortal killer move’s effect is different from what was predicted.”


 Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals relaxed.


 “Ying Wu Xie, this is the first time you are using the rank seven lead soul into dream, it is normal for it to be different from your expectations.”


 “Since we succeeded, we should use the opportunity to obtain this Immortal Gu House!”


 Sacred Feather City moved, turning around and charging towards Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 At the same time, the dark clouds rumbled intensely, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation coordinated with Sacred Feather City’s movement.


 However, just as Sacred Feather City was about to hit Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, Ying Wu Xie’s eyes opened wide “Oh no, he escaped from it.”


 Lead soul into dream would have a wondrous effect against any other Gu Immortal.


 But against Fang Yuan specifically, it had little effect.


 Why?


 Because among all the immortals here, Fang Yuan’s dream path attainment was second to Ying Wu Xie’s.


 He had his five hundred years of memories, and he had the special immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 However, this move was only rank six, lead soul into dream was rank seven, it was superior. According to common sense, Fang Yuan should not be able to escape.


 But the dream realm he was in was very strange.


 Seemingly, because it was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream, the difficulty was very low.


 If one use of unravel dream was not enough, he would use unravel dream more!


 Fang Yuan had many dream path mortal Gu, he could expend them a huge number of times to use the killer move unravel dream.


 The action of collecting the spring dream fruits had given Fang Yuan immense returns at this moment!


 But it was too late when Fang Yuan escaped from the dream.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was sent flying.


 Fang Yuan could not stand stably, he fell inside the Immortal Gu House.


 But he had regained his senses, he quickly made Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage fly upwards, causing Sacred Feather City’s plan of immobilizing the Immortal Gu House to fail.


 “What is going on?”


 “How could he escape? That was lead soul into dream.”


 Shadow Sect’s immortals shouted, their expressions were like they had seen something unthinkable.


 This situation was too unexpected.


 Ying Wu Xie scratched his head, he was worried too: “Let me try again!”


 Immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream!


 Fang Yuan was hit again.


 In the pavilion on the lake, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at Fang Yuan, her eyes were deep like pools, her smile was light and mysterious.


 Her hands were holding her zither.


 But this time, she did not sing.


 The music of the zither was clear and beautiful, but Fang Yuan did not have the time to enjoy it, he knew that he was in the dream realm, how could he stay any longer?


 After using the killer move unravel dream countless times, he escaped from this dream realm.


 “What is going on!” Inside Sacred Feather City, Ying Wu Xie screamed, he was being driven crazy.


 Just as Sacred Feather City was about to get close to Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, Fang Yuan woke up again, manipulating the Immortal Gu House and escaping.


 Sacred Feather City was more damaged than Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, its speed was slower now.


 “Try again.” Seven Star Child’s expression was grim, he had a vague guess in his mind but he did not give up.


 “Mm!” Ying Wu Xie quickly nodded, activating the killer move again.


 “Damn it, this is too troublesome. The other party’s dream path attainment is beyond this era! Lead soul into dream... even if I am inside the Immortal Gu House, I cannot defend against it, I get hit every time.” Fang Yuan’s expression was not any better than that of Seven Star Child.


 As time passed, there were bound to be improvements.


 Immemorial, Remote Antiquity, Olden Antiquity, during those times, the world of human Gu Immortals was still not as strong as now.


 Of course, the rank nine venerables were special cases, they were not considered in this.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, dream path was flourishing, dream realms were everywhere. Many of the Immortal Gu Houses that super forces owned had added dream path Gu worms into them, to defend against methods of dream path, they were effective.


 But Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, which Fang Yuan owned now, originated from that mysterious Gu Immortal from the past, it was older than the current era, it could not defend against lead soul into dream.


 “Immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream!” Inside Sacred Feather City, Ying Wu Xie shouted again.


 “How is it?” The immortals looked at Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded with certainty: “He is inside the dream.”


 “Attack!” Bo Qing shouted, as Sacred Feather City got close to Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 But Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage dodged at the nick of time again.


 “What is going on? Didn’t he go in? Why is his reaction faster this time?” Seven Star Child frowned.


 “He went in, ah, ah, no, he came out.” Ying Wu Xie stammered.


 The immortals were speechless.


 Inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 “Oh Old Bai, at this crucial moment, I need to depend on you, my ally.” Fang Yuan had just come out of the dream realm, he patted Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shoulder.


 A moment ago, Fang Yuan knew that Shadow Sect would not let go of him, they were sure to drag him into the dream again.


 Even though he could escape, he had to spend time for that.


 During this moment, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had no one to manipulate it, the other party could attack in the meantime.


 Thus, Fang Yuan brought out Tai Bai Yun Sheng to reinforce him.


 Earlier, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage could escape because Tai Bai Yun Sheng was controlling it.


 The ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation restricted space path methods, Fixed Immortal Travel could not be used.


 But before Fang Yuan came here, he had already sent Tai Bai Yun Sheng into his own immortal aperture!


 Meanwhile, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were hiding inside Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture.


 “Fang Yuan! You are taking too huge of a gamble!!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng manipulated the Immortal Gu House as he said with shock. Even though he had observed the battlefield through Fang Yuan, this old man was shocked beyond words at the involvement of Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court.


 Fang Yuan laughed: “The other party has dream path methods, they might target you. Call out Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan!”


 At the next moment, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan emerged.


 They had complex emotions on their faces, but among which, it was mostly shock.


 Looking around, Hei Lou Lan said: “Fang Yuan, you are really good at putting yourself in danger.” Her tone had a hint of admiration.


 Fairy Li Shan however, said: “Oh Fang Yuan, you are dragging us into a pit of fire.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, waving his hand and saying grandly: “What are you afraid of? When two tigers fight, one will definitely be injured. With you helping me, the other party cannot do anything to me. With the protection of the Immortal Gu House, we might have a chance of victory! Afterwards, you will be heavily rewarded.”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, she did not speak anymore. Her eyes were shining with bright light, she was assessing Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Fairy Li Shan felt hugely vexed internally. Because of the new alliance agreement, she had to come. Earlier, Fang Yuan had used Yi Tian Mountain and Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage to coax them into lurking in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, to think that the situation had already developed beyond Fairy Li Shan’s imagination!


 Through the Immortal Gu House, they could see the battlefield outside, this famous Gu Immortal who had made countless connections in Northern Plains was feeling great trepidation now.


 Like what Tai Bai Yun Sheng had said earlier, Fang Yuan was taking too huge of a gamble!


 Could Fairy Li Shan not feel trepidation?



***
Chapter 1007 - Everyone’s Abilities Against the Grand Tribulation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fairy Li Shan, can you contact Blazing Heaven Demoness now?” Fang Yuan observed the battlefield through the Immortal Gu House and asked.


 In the current situation, the more reinforcements they had, the better.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness was not part of the new alliance agreement, this was likely Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan’s arrangement, to guard against Fang Yuan. But at this moment, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were both stuck in here, would they not want Blazing Heaven Demoness to assist them?


 Fairy Li Shan knew that they had fallen for Fang Yuan’s scheme, she rolled her eyes and tried to contact her.


 In a moment, her expression was pale as she shook her head: “No! This ten extreme formation is amazing. It can even restrict my information path methods.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, he did not speak, instead he thought: “It seems that only after breaking out of the formation can we contact this strong ally.”


 Actually, even if Blazing Heaven Demoness could come, Fang Yuan would not feel assured in letting her stay in the Immortal Gu House.


 But if she was outside, it was too dangerous, nor could it be justified to not let her in.


 Ignoring Blazing Heaven Demoness for now.


 With the assistance of Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Fairy Li Shan, Shadow Sect could not take down Fang Yuan.


 And to deal with Heaven Overseeing Tower, the rank seven Ying Wu Xie was not strong enough.


 As they continued to stall, the tribulations got stronger.


 Heavenly tribulations fell one after another, there was no repetition.


 Suddenly, golden light shot out from the sky, shining brightly!


 Crack crack crack...


 A series of crisp cracking sounds occurred.


 Tens of thousands of golden vajra pearls descended from the sky in an endless fashion.


 “Grand tribulation!” Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals were all taken aback.


 “Hahaha, this is the relic vajra tribulation!” Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals laughed as they stroked their beards, they knew what this tribulation was.


 This tribulation had surpassed the levels of the ten great catastrophes, catastrophes like the snow war tribulation lightning were still within the limits of a heavenly tribulation.


 But this relic vajra tribulation was stronger than a heavenly tribulation, it was a grand tribulation!


 After Gu Masters ascend to immortal, they are troubled by calamities and tribulations. According to the time in their immortal aperture, once in a while, calamities and tribulations would occur.


 Calamities and tribulations contain both disaster and fortune, if one could not pass them, they might die, but if they pass, their foundation would deepen, their cultivation level would rise.


 Among which, rank six Gu Immortals had green grape immortal essence. They faced an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every one hundred years. After three hundred years, after three heavenly tribulations, they would become rank seven.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals had red date immortal essence. They faced an earthly calamity every ten years, a heavenly tribulation every fifty years, and a grand tribulation every one hundred years. After three hundred years, they would become rank eight.


 As for rank eight Gu Immortals, their immortal apertures would create white litchi immortal essence. They faced a heavenly tribulation every ten years, a grand tribulation every fifty years, and a myriad tribulation every one hundred years. After three myriad tribulations, they would become the invincible rank nine Gu Immortals!


 Earthly calamities, heavenly tribulations, grand tribulations, myriad tribulations, the calamities and tribulations were ranked according to increasing strength.


 Heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities were already very dangerous, grand tribulations were even more terrifying. Countless Gu Immortals had died because of them, being wiped out of existence, thus, every Gu Immortal expert was wary and careful, they worked day and night to cultivate in great difficulty, facing this pressure.


 As for myriad tribulations, there was a term in the cultivation world, known as apocalyptic myriad tribulations, it was extremely difficult for Gu Immortals to survive them. Once someone survives a myriad tribulation, it would be an incredible glory, Gu Immortals from all over would look up to and admire them.


 In the long history of humanity, there were only ten people who had passed three myriad tribulations, they were the ten venerables.


 Sword Immortal Bo Qing had passed two myriad tribulations and was highly favored to become a sword path Immortal Venerable. He failed once on this third tribulation and barely survived. When he tried again, he died.


 At present in Northern Plains, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was desperately trying to pass the first myriad tribulation, he had spared no expenses in refining fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu. As for Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang, they were still far away from the first myriad tribulation.


 They might be old, but they had all used time path methods to slow the rate of time in their immortal apertures. Some Gu Immortals fear calamities and tribulations, they even might spend a huge fortune to completely remove the tributary of the river of time in their immortal aperture, this way, the time in their immortal aperture would be completely still, the calamities and tribulations would not approach.


 But in that case, the immortal aperture would not be able to produce immortal essence, and without undergoing calamities and tribulations, the Gu Immortal’s dao marks would not increase, their cultivation level would stagnate.


 And time path methods that stalled for time had drawbacks. They could not stay in the paused time for overly long, they had to pay even higher costs to maintain it.


 But in the current Gu Immortal world, to prepare amply for tribulations, most Gu Immortals would use time path methods to slow the time in the immortal aperture.


 Even expert Gu Immortals were no exception.


 This was because, the higher the cultivation level, the greater the power of the calamities and tribulations, and the more dangerous they become.


 Most of the rank eight Gu Immortals in Heavenly Court were sleeping during normal times.


 This hibernation was one of the best time slowing methods in the world.


 For rank eight Gu Immortals, they had to face a challenge that threatened them every fifty years, those were grand tribulations.


 Right now, in the sky, the first grand tribulation descended.


 Relic vajra tribulation!


 Even though it was not directed at them, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals felt joy but also deep wariness.


 Vajra pearls crashed into the dark clouds with crackling sounds.


 This thick dark cloud could be seen thinning at a rapid pace.


 Soon, the uppermost layer of dark clouds melted like ice that was mixed with hot water.


 Seeing this, Shadow Sect’s immortals had grim expressions, their brows were knitted.


 “Great.” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals smiled, they had used this stalling tactic, it had finally started to work.


 “Even without us doing anything, the other party might lose already. Hahaha.” Bi Chen Tian laughed.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s gaze was deep, he said with admiration and deep emotions: “The other party might have been extremely strong during his time, but how can he surpass heaven and earth? Humans should respect heaven and earth, compared to it, what can the strength of a Gu Immortal do? Looking at the rank nine Gu Venerables, which one of them could live forever? Respecting and revering heaven and earth, following the will of heaven, this is the true way of cultivation.”


 Facing the might of the grand tribulation, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation was slowly losing its sustainability.


 “We cannot resist it head on!” The formation was controlled by people, it was naturally more flexible than the battlefield killer moves inside Yu Lu blessed land.


 The dark clouds opened up a space and let the vajra pearls into the formation.


 Crack crack crack...


 The vajra pearls hit the three Immortal Gu Houses in the formation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord sneered, he knew that Shadow Sect was planning to make Heaven Overseeing Tower endure some of the pressure for them.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was unwilling to see that happen.


 But he could do nothing.


 He was inside the formation, there was nothing he could do.


 He activated the Immortal Gu House and tried to dodge.


 “Fate Immortal Gu is inside Heaven Overseeing Tower. One of the main materials in refining fate Immortal Gu is heaven’s will! And these tribulations are also due to the will of heaven! Heaven Overseeing Tower, overseeing the world, we follow heaven’s will and uphold justice for heaven. Thus, under the tribulations, Heaven Overseeing Tower suffers far less damage than the other Immortal Gu Houses.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord spoke.


 The implications of his words were very obvious, he wanted to continue stalling. When the ten extreme formation reveals a flaw, he would activate the Immortal Gu House and unleash a victorious attack!


 Towards this, the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had no objections.


 “Oh no, right now, we have to endure more of the pressure, otherwise, the ten extreme formation would not last until the end.”


 “So what if it’s a grand tribulation? Our plan defies heaven, we had already seen such a thing from Dong Fang Chang Fan. The appearance of a grand tribulation was within our expectations!”


 “Sacrificing other Immortal Gu Houses to protect this Sacred Feather City, it was for this moment!!”


 Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals showed resolute expressions, they were extremely prepared.


 Above Sacred Feather City, a faint light appeared.


 This light looked pink, but in truth, it was pure white, there was only a hint of pinkness.


 The strange thing was, this light made people feel a strong sense of warmth in their hearts.


 But in essence, this was not a light.


 It was a situation when the power of wishes was scattered.


 Each Immortal Gu House, even though were proficient in every aspect, had their respective specialties. For example, Dark Prison’s specialty was in capturing, rearing, and enslaving desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. If its rank could be raised, it would also be able to subdue immemorial desolate beasts.


 Rank nine Heaven Overseeing Tower’s specialty was in unleashing the attack of fate, none of the targets could defend or resist it. Unfortunately, because of rank nine Immortal Gu Fate’s current condition, it could no longer be used.


 As for Sacred Feather City, the Immortal Gu House that Shadow Sect spared no effort in obtaining, it had its specialty too.


 That was, it could absorb the power of wishes from past and present generations of feathermen in the city, to automatically refine wish power mortal Gu.


 This Sacred Feather City had existed for a long time, occupied by the feathermen. Generations after generations of feathermen lived in the immemorial green heaven fragment world, the stored wish power mortal Gu was incredibly large in number.


 Even though the immortal killer move heavenly wish already expended a large number of them, more than half was still left. Or rather, the feathermen did not know of any other ways to use them.


 They did not, but Shadow Sect had an incredible background, it originated from long ago, it had a method.


 Thus, Sacred Feather City’s wish power mortal Gu were continuously activated, consumed without counting the cost.


 Wish power Gu was a consumable Gu.


 Obtaining the power of wishes, Sacred Feather City experienced growth in all aspects.


 It flew down and blocked the relic vajra tribulation, helping the ten extreme formation endure much of the pressure.


 “What an amazing tribulation, in just a short time, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage is already showing signs of breaking.” Hei Lou Lan shouted.


 Fairy Li Shan’s expression was ashen, her gaze was wavering.


 This grand tribulation was too terrifying, if she had to face it alone, she could only endure two or three pearls.


 But there were tens of thousands of vajra pearls in this grand tribulation, and they were still growing in number, unceasingly!


 Fang Yuan laughed instead: “Hahaha, I was waiting for this. I will show you the true power of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage now! Absorb!”


 At the next moment, thoughts exploded like fireworks in his mind, starlight was shining dazzlingly.


 All of his concentration and attention was on Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 This Immortal Gu House could use time path methods to seal any attacks aimed at it, before sending them back at enemies.


 But this method, when used, needed the controller to be completely focused, the Gu Immortal needed heavy concentration.


 Fang Yuan was not familiar with the Immortal Gu House earlier, nor could he manipulate the Immortal Gu House to move and deal with his enemies while using this method.


 But now, with Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the rest helping him, and with Sacred Feather City busy with the grand tribulation, Fang Yuan could finally find time to use Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s unique power!



***
Chapter 1008 - Respective Sacrifices


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage erupted with a dazzling red light.


 The red light enshrouded a large distance, burning like a raging inferno.


 A mysterious strength was spread over the fire, any vajra tribulation pearl that hit the Immortal Gu House would be engulfed by the red light and sealed inside.


 The rank nine immortal essence of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable allowed Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage to display its strongest ability.


 Crack...


 The whole Immortal Gu House shook intensely and started cracking.


 It was barely able to absorb the relic vajra tribulation.


 After all, this was a grand tribulation!


 But Fang Yuan still succeeded.


 More and more vajra pearls were controlled by him, sealed inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage temporarily.


 However, Fang Yuan had to pay a huge price for this.


 “We battled for so long, but the portion of Giant Sun’s immortal essence I took out was not expended by even thirty percent. But after absorbing a hundred vajra pearls, all of that portion of Giant Sun’s immortal essence was expended!”


 The rapid expenditure of Giant Sun’s immortal essence caused Fang Yuan to be inwardly shocked.


 But right now was not the time to be distressed over the loss, he took out more of Giant Sun’s immortal essence.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage moved freely, not only was it safe in the grand tribulation, it also absorbed even more vajra pearls, its strength continuing to increase instead.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was a rank nine Immortal Gu House with astonishing defense and with fate Immortal Gu as its core, it had a defensive effect against calamities and tribulations.


 But Fang Yuan’s Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, under the effect of Giant Sun’s immortal essence, was able to display extraordinary might, displaying the wonders of time path, its strength did not decrease but increased.


 After a wave of this grand tribulation, Shadow Sect’s Sacred Feather City suffered the biggest damage. Even if they had used large numbers of wish power mortal Gu, it could not match Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court.


 The relic vajra tribulation continued for eight minutes before stopping abruptly.


 Without letting the three sides have time for a breather, a second wave of tribulation descended.


 Circles of light lit up in the sky, from within the circles of light, multiple giant deer charged out.


 Each of these deer were the size of an elephant. Their bodies were translucent, seemingly formed from white light.


 Immemorial desolate beast — Destiny Light Deer!


 This was a grand tribulation formed from immemorial desolate beasts. Every immemorial desolate beast could match a rank eight Gu Immortal. And now there was a whole twenty-two of these deer.


 That is to say, there were twenty-two beasts of rank eight battle strength!


 No doubt, even if these deer did not have any wild Immortal Gu on them, this grand tribulation’s power was much more terrifying than the first wave.


 The light deer group galloped towards the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, in an instant, Shadow Sect’s group paled.


 A gap quickly expanded in the ten extreme formation, letting half of the deer group enter inside.


 “Destiny light deer have nine colors corresponding to the immemorial nine heavens. These deer are all white light deer, it seems they should come from white heaven.”


 “Destiny light deer have gentle natures, they are named in beautiful legends where they carried humans to the heavens. Who would have thought that under the influence of heaven’s will, these deer would go berserk and be filled with intent to battle!”


 Despite Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals not wanting to participate, by being in this situation, they were unable to evade and were also involved.


 Fang Yuan controlled Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage to retreat to the edge of the battle.


 These light deer were alive, he was unable to use the Immortal Gu House to seal them.


 The attacks that could be sealed by Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage using the mysteries of time path were things like wind, water, earth and fire, not beasts.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had captured many vajra pearls earlier, he used them now to force the deer away.


 In the second wave of tribulations, Heavenly Court’s situation was best, Fang Yuan second, and Shadow Sect had the heaviest pressure on them, their situation extremely critical.


 At the crucial moment, it was immortal zombie Bo Qing who stood out.


 He activated famous and dazzling sword path killer moves like five finger fist heart sword, their power unstoppable and terrifying.


 Most of the destiny light deer lost their lives on the spot under the slashes of sword lights. Even if they had wild Immortal Gu, it was of no use.


 Bo Qing was already dead, but his immortal zombie body was filled with an unimaginable number of sword path dao marks. With the amplification of these dao marks, even the same killer move would have completely different effects from when Qin Bai Sheng used it, the difference was gigantic.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing persevered bitterly, finally letting Shadow Sect get through the second wave of grand tribulations.


 However, the dark clouds in the sky was already extremely sparse, the ten extreme physique immortal zombies were no longer able to conceal themselves and were vaguely visible.


 “The formation has already weakened to its lowest point, charge!” Fang Yuan resolutely called out.


 Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage shot out vajra pearls, attempting to break the formation.


 On another side, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord also saw this good opportunity, and Heaven Overseeing Tower also moved out, adding insult to Shadow Sect’s injury.


 “What to do?!” Inside Sacred Feather City, Ying Wu Xie had his head in his hands, unable to do anything to help.


 The expressions of Shadow Sect’s other Gu Immortals were also ashen, the mood was extremely solemn.


 It was already the crucial moment between victory or defeat.


 The ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation was completed, and would either succeed or fail, there was no other result. Once the formation was broken, everything would fall apart in succession.


 “There is nothing else we can do, we can only sacrifice Zombie Alliance!” Seven Star Child heaved a long sigh, before coming to a decision.


 The Zombie Alliance branches that were spread throughout the five regions were actually subordinate forces of Shadow Sect; like how the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent were subordinates to Heavenly Court.


 It was just that Shadow Sect was extremely covert, many Zombie Alliance higher ups were not even aware of it. This secret was hidden in the deepest parts of Zombie Alliance.


 The ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation was the greatest plan of Shadow Sect, made by exhausting everything they had.


 At this moment, Shadow Sect was forced to make a painful sacrifice, giving up Zombie Alliance to salvage this situation.


 The backup plan was activated, one after another, figures appeared within the ten extreme formation.


 These were immortal zombies from all the Zombie Alliance branches. Numerous rank six, rank seven and rank eight zombies appeared, their numbers were shocking.


 “This is?!” Inside Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the rest were wide-eyed as they blurted out together.


 “Hmph! Sure enough, Shadow Sect was behind Zombie Alliance,” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord frowned, killing intent surging within him, his gaze turning cold, “Good! We will catch all these rebels that defy heaven’s will in one fell swoop.”


 But unexpectedly, these immortal zombies did not seem to be in a conscious state and were like puppets controlled by wires.


 Before Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord could make a move, they actually sacrificed themselves, turning into a portion of the ten extreme formation!


 “Big sister!” Fairy Li Shan howled in grief.


 Among these immortal zombies, she saw Blazing Heaven Demoness’ figure.


 But this rank eight immortal zombie, the leader of Northern Plains’ Zombie Alliance branch, did not seem to be in a conscious state, showing a blank expression.


 Under the gazes of Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan, Blazing Heaven Demoness also followed these immortal zombies, turning herself into immortal material, merging into the huge formation.


 Obtaining these immortal zombie bodies filled with dao marks as well as countless Immortal Gu and immortal apertures, the ten extreme formation’s dark clouds condensed and instantly expanded, surpassing its previous peak state, and reaching an unprecedented level, almost covering the whole sky.


 Fairy Li Shan wept tears of sadness.


 Hei Lou Lan sank into silence.


 Fang Yuan frowned, the rank eight reinforcement he was anticipating had died miserably in front of his eyes.


 Who could have though Zombie Alliance had such a relation to Shadow Sect.


 Even if someone had seen through the truth and spoke it out, who would believe them?


 Spreading throughout the five regions, an overlord among super forces, the huge Zombie Alliance was actually only a front for Shadow Sect.


 “Previously, Shadow Sect issued a compulsory task to refine Gu formations on a large scale, it was probably to scheme against Zombie Alliance’s members.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng suddenly came to a realization, feeling his heart chilling at the sinister motive of Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was also unsightly.


 “I had guessed the relation between Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance, but had not expected there to be such a situation! My previous life’s memories misled me. After all, during the five regions chaotic war, all the Zombie Alliance branches had existed...”


 “Such an immense cost! Killing almost all the immortal zombies of the five regions, and making them into immortal materials to put in this ten extreme formation. What do they want to refine? Could it be the legendary Gu for eternal life?!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord similarly had an extremely unsightly expression.


 The immortals from Heavenly Court behind him also showed worried expressions.


 Even if they were experienced and knowledgeable, with high status and power, they could not help but be awestruck by this astonishing move of Shadow Sect.


 From this moment onwards, the super force with the most Gu Immortals over the five regions, Zombie Alliance, was completely destroyed, dissipating in the wind!


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 A piercing sound penetrated everyone’s ears.


 The third wave of grand tribulations had descended.


 Heaven’s will was ferocious, no matter what Shadow Sect was trying to refine, it was clear that it was absolutely a heaven defying thing and had already provoked the fury of heaven’s will. 

 Even heaven and earth did not permit its creation!


 The third wave of grand tribulations was much more terrifying than both the previous two grand tribulations combined.


 Sharp rain started falling from the sky. Every drizzle of rain was only half an inch long, but they were incomparably sharp as if they could pierce through everything in the world!


 Grand tribulation — Absolute Piercing Rain.


 The ten extreme formation was reconstructed, but the dense rumbling dark clouds seemed to have suffered a huge blow, unable to regain their strength.


 Fang Yuan repeated the same thing, using Giant Sun’s immortal essence to activate Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage to absorb the piercing rain.


 It was just that this time, he clearly felt the difficulty was many times higher than earlier.


 After holding on bitterly for a while, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was pierced in many places with large numbers of Gu worms continuing to be sacrificed.


 “If this continues, the Immortal Gu House can probably only last fifteen minutes of time.” Hei Lou Lan called out to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan also did not have any good methods.


 Despite him already using all his strength and absorbing many attacks with Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, he still was not able to protect everything.


 The arrow-like rain he was dealing with was only about ten percent of the total.


 Shadow Sect was suffering most of the arrow-like rain.


 With this, anyone would know the terror of the grand tribulation. Under such a fatal predicament, rank eight Gu Immortals absolutely would not have a good time.


 The third wave ended, Sacred Feather City and Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage were both shattered, the remaining Gu worms were stored by the respective Gu Immortals.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was filled with cracks, many times deeper than before, a corner of the tower had even completely crumbled apart.


 “Everything is over. The final victor can only be Heavenly Court!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord laughed loudly, activating the strongest attack of Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 This was an attack that carried the power of fate.


 Unavoidable and unstoppable.


 At the next moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord saw: Under Heaven Overseeing Tower’s attack, the formation cracked open, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals suffered countless casualties, Fang Yuan and the rest also died together!



***
Chapter 1009 - Huge Hand!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “It’s over.” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord stood on top of Heaven Overseeing Tower, looking at the battlefield.


 In his field of vision, Shadow Sect’s Sacred Feather City had turned into rubble, Bo Qing, Seven Star Child and others had fallen to the ground as corpses. Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was heavily damaged, the Gu Immortals’ corpses inside were mostly in pieces.


 Dark clouds faded, a beam of light shot down from the sky, it was shining with golden brilliance, light burst out.


 “This is what happens to those who defy heaven’s will! Hahaha...” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord laughed loudly.


 But after a few seconds, he frowned, feeling suspicious that something was amiss: “Oh wait, Heaven Overseeing Tower was damaged and cannot use Fate’s strongest attack, why did it manage to attack earlier?”


 “Also... I could not help but laugh earlier, that is not my normal behavior, what is going on?”


 At this moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord could vaguely hear some faint voices in the sky.


 “Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, wake up...”


 “Quickly wake up!”


 “Wake up? Aren’t I awake now?” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord felt greatly surprised, the suspicion inside him grew.


 Suddenly, his body shook, he realized the truth.


 “Oh no! I fell into their trap, everything that happened is not real, I am inside a dream realm!”


 As he thought of this, he realized more and more issues.


 Both parties had died too easily. Especially Shadow Sect, they were backed by ‘that person’ after all!


 Furthermore, the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were missing, in the entire tower, he was the only person.


 “I can confirm that I am in a dream realm! However, how do I leave?” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was anxious, even though he knew he was in a dream, he did not have unravel dream like Fang Yuan, thus, he could not escape from the dream realm.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was sleeping soundly.


 Snore snore snore...


 He was snoring loudly, lying down on the concrete floor with a band of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals around him.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was not only old, he was very tired.


 Earlier, in order to repair fate Immortal Gu, he consecutively refined Gu, and later, he spent a lot of time repairing Heaven Overseeing Tower, protecting Heavenly Lotus Sect, and fought intensely with Bo Qing and the others. After that, he found Shadow Sect’s secret mastermind and mobilized Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals to use Heaven Overseeing Tower and enter white heaven, he did not rest at all, traveling towards Yi Tian Mountain in Southern Border.


 And when he arrived, he had to control Heaven Overseeing Tower to engage in a huge battle.


 Thus, the moment he went into the dream realm, his entire body relaxed, he snored extremely loudly, he was in a deep sleep.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals surrounded Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord in the middle, they poured water on him, they used fire to burn him, they shouted until their throats were sore, they tried all methods, but he could not wake up.


 This was the power of dream path.


 It was beyond this era, just this one move could not be stopped.


 Even these rank eight Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had no way to resolve this.


 The scene was quite amusing.


 Outside Heaven Overseeing Tower, the battle was extremely heated, the sky turned dark, as the grand tribulation rumbled.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower floated in the sky, unmoving.


 Inside the tower, the Heavenly Court immortals were anxious, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s soul was deeply in the dream, they had no methods to wake him.


 All they could do was to use some wisdom path methods to transmit to him, to try and get Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord to wake himself up.


 On Shadow Sect’s side, the atmosphere was no longer as dreary, it was much more relaxed now.


 “Ying Wu Xie, good job!”


 “This is the power of dream path? Amazing!”


 “Ah... after so long, you finally have rank eight cultivation level.”


 Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals surrounded Ying Wu Xie, some of them relaxed, after all, the situation earlier was too dangerous. Some were in awe towards the power of dream path, some patted Ying Wu Xie’s shoulders and praised him continuously.


 After fighting for so long, Ying Wu Xie with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique had advanced again, becoming a rank eight dream path Gu Immortal.


 Thus, he could use a rank eight immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream.


 After two failures, during his third attempt at this killer move, he finally succeeded, sending Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord into a dream.


 The effect was immediate, with Heaven Overseeing Tower stopping all movements, Shadow Sect’s pressure was relieved greatly.


 Seven Star Child asked: “How long will Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord be trapped for?”


 Ying Wu Xie answered: “He is a rank eight Gu Immortal who has passed one myriad tribulation, the dream realm can only trap him for several minutes. But even if he escapes, I can still use the killer move to lead his soul into a dream once again!”


 “Good, Yan Shi did not create you in vain.” Seven Star Child sighed.


 At this time, Heaven Overseeing Tower began to move again.


 “What is going on?” Shadow Sect’s immortals were shocked.


 Someone looked towards Ying Wu Xie: “Did Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord get out?”


 Earlier, Ying Wu Xie’s attack was useless on Fang Yuan, he kept entering and exiting, this made the confidence of the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals fall.


 But this time, Ying Wu Xie shook his head, he was certain: “Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord is still in the dream. It seems that the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals are manipulating the tower instead!”


 That was right, seeing that they could not wake up Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals took over Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Even though Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was asleep, the entirety of Heaven Overseeing Tower did not belong to him alone. After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable died, Heaven Overseeing Tower had become Heavenly Court’s public property.


 Right now, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was fast asleep and unconscious, the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had the rights to take over control of Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 But soon, Heaven Overseeing Tower stopped moving again.


 This was seen by Fang Yuan’s group.


 Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan had doubtful and angry expressions: “What is Heavenly Court trying to do?!”


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim: “It seems that Shadow Sect used dream path methods to deal with the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, just like what they tried with me. But... why didn’t they target Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals earlier?”


 “What is the point of considering this now? We do not have the Immortal Gu House to protect us, and Shadow Sect has also lost Sacred Feather City. Only Heavenly Court still has Heaven Overseeing Tower. But they are obstructed by Shadow Sect, we are in grave danger! Fang Yuan, can you use Fixed Immortal Travel again?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was full of worries.


 “I can’t.” Fang Yuan shook his head, sighing deeply.


 “It seems that now, we are dead meat.” Hei Lou Lan smiled bitterly, a harsh light shined in her eyes as she clenched her fists: “It is a pity that Hei Cheng isn’t dead yet, I cannot avenge my mother even up until death!”


 Fang Yuan glanced at her, he did not speak.


 After the third grand tribulation, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage and Sacred Feather City had broken apart, only Heaven Overseeing Tower was left.


 Heavenly Court was the hope of Fang Yuan’s side, but that hope had vanished.


 Not even considering a fourth grand tribulation, simply the ten extreme formation was something Fang Yuan and the others could not hope to survive against.


 “Is this really it?” Fang Yuan inspected Spring Autumn Cicada, too little time had passed, it had not recovered much, it could not be used again.


 At this time, in the sky, the sound of a zither playing could be heard.


 Right now was daytime, but the sky was shining with endless starlight.


 The music entered the formation, into the Gu Immortals’ minds.


 “Oh no! The ten extreme formation also defends against sound path methods, but the formation cannot block this zither music at all. This is the fourth grand tribulation — zither mind tribulation!”


 “And the starlight in the sky, it is so bright even during daytime. This is the fifth grand tribulation — star flow tribulation!”


 “Why is it so dangerous?! The fourth and fifth grand tribulations appeared together!!”


 Seeing this, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals shouted, they forgot about both Heavenly Court and Fang Yuan for the moment.


 In Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals also drew in deep breaths.


 The might of the grand tribulations increased according to the number of tribulations.


 The fourth tribulation, in terms of might, surpassed the first three grand tribulations together. As for the fifth star flow tribulation, it was stronger than zither mind tribulation, absolute piercing rain, immemorial light deer, and relic vajra tribulation combined.


 “What is Shadow Sect trying to refine? They actually attracted such fury from heaven, to send down such terrifying disaster!” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals and Fang Yuan had many questions.


 The two grand tribulations had not descended yet, they were still storing power.


 Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had grim expressions, they barely managed to endure the first three tribulations. And now, the fourth and fifth grand tribulations were here. Anyone could feel the deep animosity of heaven, it was not going to give Shadow Sect any way to live.


 What now?


 At once, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals were lost and helpless.


 Their Immortal Gu House was destroyed, the ten extreme formation had suffered a huge blow from the third grand tribulation, even if all the Gu Immortals were sacrificed, they could not defend against these two grand tribulations.


 “It seems that we are going to die in the grand tribulations after all.” Hei Lou Lan sighed.


 Fang Yuan squinted, he had a different opinion.


 Regardless of what Shadow Sect was trying to refine, they had first created the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, killing Southern Border’s Gu Immortals to use their immortal apertures and bodies as Gu refinement material, before sacrificing all of Zombie Alliance’s members as fuel.


 Furthermore, they even lost seven Immortal Gu Houses!


 The price that Shadow Sect paid was unheard of, if Fang Yuan had not seen it himself, he would not believe it if anyone told him!


 Since they paid such a huge price, Shadow Sect was not going to give up.


 The zither music suddenly became louder, it was heard by everyone.


 The immortals’ expressions changed, they felt the world spinning, some of them fell down.


 The zither mind grand tribulation had started!


 In the sky, starlight gushed down like a huge blue tsunami, it extended over an endless distance, crashing down.


 Star flow grand tribulation!


 Shadow Sect’s immortals had firm expressions that were prepared for death, they encouraged each other as they charged forward. Only Ying Wu Xie was left, dealing with Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Fang Yuan’s side was on the ground, they had pale expressions, desperately resisting the power of the zither mind grand tribulation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was a rank nine Immortal Gu House after all, it was still floating in the sky.


 “Without an Immortal Gu House, how can we survive two grand tribulations? Hehehe, dying from the might of heaven and earth, it has to be more glorious than dying from old age in bed.” Fairy Li Shan had a dazed expression, she looked at the sky, blood flowed out of her seven orifices.


 She had already given up on resisting the zither mind tribulation.


 The others were still desperately holding on.


 At this moment, an incredibly powerful aura with supreme strength burst out of the ruins of Yi Tian Mountain!


 An immortal aperture’s entrance opened.


 This was Shadow Sect’s blessed land.


 Earlier, the Shadow Sect headquarters that Bai Ning Bing could not find had already been placed here long ago!


 Feeling this aura, all of the Gu Immortals’ hearts shook.


 Even the rank eight Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had pale expressions, their eyes were full of fear.


 Shadow Sect’s immortals had overjoyed expressions.


 “Our main body... has appeared!”


 Boom!


 A huge and monstrous ghostly hand moved out of the immortal aperture’s entrance.


 The rank nine aura grew immensely!


 A formless shock wave swept across the battlefield.


 Rocks broke and rumbled, dust and smoke rose.


 “This is? This is!” Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were tongue-tied.


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!” Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had finally woken up, he felt immense pressure in his mind as he exposed the identity of the ghostly hand.



***
Chapter 1010 - Embroidered Tower Cannot Block the Demonic Might


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This ghostly hand that stretched out from life and death blessed land was extremely huge, like a hill.


 Its arm was not fully stretched out, more than half of it was still inside the door.


 Life and death blessed land’s entrance was seemingly already opened to the maximum, but only a small part of the ghostly hand could come out, as if it was stuck.


 Rank nine aura, majestic and vast, spread out and engulfed in all directions.


 Fang Yuan’s side hurriedly retreated.


 Under the suppression of the rank nine aura, they felt suffocation and had a fearful sensation that they were going to die from it!


 Looking at this huge hand again, it was dark like the depths of an abyss, terrifyingly sinister, and seemingly undulating with a dark blue light.


 “What soul beast is this? It actually has such a terrifying aura! Not even immemorial soul beasts can match its aura! Could it be that the world has rank nine soul beasts?” Hei Lou Lan blurted out in shock.


 She still did not know the true identity of this ghostly hand.


 “Impossible!” Fairy Li Shan’s expression was pale as paper as she retreated, speaking in a trembling tone, “Among all the living beings in the world, only humans can reach rank nine, thus man is the spirit of all living beings.”


 Once the soul left the physical body, it should be in a weak state, moreover the soul was incorporeal and could pass through bricks and tiles.


 But this right hand of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was solid like it was material, stable like a hill.


 After stretching out of life and death blessed land, it grabbed at the ruins of Yi Tian Mountain. Large numbers of boulders turned into powder under the hand.


 This was simply beyond the common sense of the cultivation world.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main cultivation path was soul path, his soul path foundation was so deep that it had reached the limits of a material state! It far surpassed the immortals’ imaginations!


 “Spectral Soul... Demon Venerable...” Looking at the huge hand that engulfed his vision, Fang Yuan felt his mouth drying up.


 He knew the origin of this huge hand.


 It was because not long ago, when he had been struck with the immortal killer move lead soul into dream, and had entered the dream realm again, he had heard the melodious song of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 “Alas...”


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


 Following this song, information flowed into Fang Yuan’s mind out of nowhere.


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?” This showed the ghostly hand’s true identity, informing Fang Yuan that the mastermind of Shadow Sect behind the scenes was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 When Fang Yuan had known this, he had been extremely shocked.


 With such mental preparation, now that he looked at the giant ghostly hand, Fang Yuan was able to forcibly calm down, instead feeling some relief.


 Everyone dies.


 This was the rule of the world, and everyone knew of it, even rank nine venerables could not escape this fate.


 Then where did the soul of these rank nine venerables go to after death?


 This was clearly explained in >.


 Road of life, road of death and Obsession Death Domain which held fairness Immortal Gu. In the legends, after Verdant Great Sun died, his soul returned to the door of life and death, rank nine venerables along with all the living beings in the world had such an outcome in the end.


 > clearly recorded: The road of life was filled with suffering Gu while the road of death had three obstacles: Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley and Reverse Flow River.


 Fang Yuan did not know about Reverse Flow River’s location, but he knew Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley were in his hands!


 Fang Yuan even made a bold guess: The third obstacle, Reverse Flow River, was also probably no longer on the road of death.


 Without the obstruction of these three obstacles, couldn’t souls after people die easily return to the world of the living?


 This meant Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s soul returning to the world of the living was not an unexplainable matter.


 Regardless of what happened in the depths of the door of life and death, and what the truth was, right now, at this moment, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s soul had charged out of the door of life and death and appeared once again amidst the living.


 “So all these were really Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arrangements. No wonder Shadow Sect is so mysterious and so powerful! No wonder Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals did not fear death. Have they already grasped a method of reviving the soul? But what in the world does Spectral Soul Demon Venerable want? Shadow Sect did everything possible to protect the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation, not even stinting on making any sacrifices, what are they trying to refine?”


 The doubts in Fang Yuan’s mind intensified, like the dense dark clouds above him.


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable... you finally could not bear it anymore.” Inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord heaved a deep sigh.


 With the help of Heaven Overseeing Tower, he had already deduced Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s identity back at Heavenly Court.


 That pair of eyes that gazed at all things from the darkness, filled with killing intent, were the eyes of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 Knowing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was attempting to defy heaven to resurrect and escape fate, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had paled with shock and alarm, hurriedly awakening Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals to immediately take action and destroy Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s plan, making him fall back to Obsession Death Domain, maintaining heaven’s will and fate.


 It was because the two roads to Obsession Death Domain had been traveled by fate Immortal Gu personally.


 All things go through life and death, it is the world’s greatest fairness.


 Once Spectral Soul Demon Venerable resurrected, it would no doubt be unfair, the greatest violation of fate and heaven’s will.


 Fate Immortal Gu would probably be unable to recover further because of this.


 They had to take this chance while Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had not resurrected, and pass judgment. If they allowed this Demon Venerable with the strongest killing intent in history to resurrect, the world would become filled with massacre and chaos, Heavenly Court’s side could forget about restoring their former glory, they might even be unable to protect themselves.


 That was the reason that in this battle at Yi Tian Mountain, Heavenly Court did not care about the price to activate the rank nine Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower, bringing Heavenly Court’s main forces with them.


 “Spectral Soul... rank nine Demon Venerable...”


 “What’s there to fear? He is already dead, his soul has been hiding in the door of life and death, lingering on his last breaths, he is already no longer the rank nine Demon Venerable.”


 “Right. Everyone is aware of a soul’s weakness. If he truly had his former strength, why would he need to establish Shadow Sect and create so many split souls? Why would he need to form these schemes?”


 “In my opinion, he can at most only be considered Spectral Soul, and not Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals talked and roused each other’s morale, expelling the fear in their hearts.


 Facing a rank nine existence, even these rank eights of Heavenly Court could not help being anxious and fearful.


 “The ten extreme formation is Spectral Soul’s weakness. We need to first stop this huge hand, then we can gather our strength to break this formation!” Bi Chen Tian shouted.


 “That makes sense!” Heavenly Court’s immortals nodded, a portion of them then flew out of Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower started activating, releasing sparkling white light.


 Immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream!


 Ying Wu Xie once again activated his only ability.


 One skill to dominate the world!


 “Damn it!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord stomped his foot in anger but could only fall into the dream realm once again, unable to extricate himself.


 Shadow Sect had gone through untold hardships to create Ying Wu Xie, and their efforts were showing outstanding effects at this moment. Even the rank nine Immortal Gu House was being tied down by Ying Wu Xie alone.


 Even if there were people who replaced Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s position, they also soon fell into dream realms.


 As long as Ying Wu Xie targeted Heaven Overseeing Tower, these temporary tower lords would follow suit and be struck by his ability.


 “Hmph, you think the grand Heavenly Court only has one Immortal Gu House?”


 Right at this time, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, who had flown out of Heaven Overseeing Tower earlier, suddenly brought out their second Immortal Gu House.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Embroidered Tower!


 This small pavilion was adorned with beautiful decorations, its walls were red and its tiles were made of jade, looking exquisite and beautiful, but it lacked part of its foundational support; one could clearly see the traces of destruction on the Immortal Gu House.


 Although this was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it was only a damaged object and not intact.


 “The so-called Heavenly Court only has these antiques left? It is embarrassing for you people to keep what Reckless Savage Demon Venerable broke for so long, and you are still bringing it out now to make a fool of yourselves!” Immortal zombie Bo Qing stood up, raising his right hand in the shape of a fist above his head.


 The next moment, the peerless sword path killer move, five finger fist heart sword, erupted with full power.


 Embroidered Tower shook for a while from this attack, before shooting out seven embroidery needles condensed from faint light.


 These seven embroidery needles flew gracefully like birds, and struck the huge ghostly hand in a blink of an eye. Immediately, the embroidery needles pierced through the ghostly hand and the ground countless times.


 Spectral Soul’s ghostly hand tried to rise, but could not even budge.


 The seven embroidery needles seemed to be using invisible thread that tightly sewed this ghostly hand to the ground.


 “This Embroidered Tower Immortal Gu House might be only rank eight, but after Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s disciple, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, was betrothed, he prepared it as a dowry. In the past, when Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had rampaged into Heavenly Court, and was struck by this move, he also had to discard the three bloody skins to free himself!” Inside the Embroidered Tower, the leading Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal sneered.


 According to logic, during the time when the ghostly hand was sewn to the ground, the ghostly hand could have already flown away from the ground.


 But this ability of Embroidered Tower was this Immortal Gu House’s strongest attack.


 The sewing threads it used were actual dao marks.


 It used dao marks as threads to sew the ghostly hand to the ground. If Spectral Soul wanted to raise his hand, he would need to have the power to lift the ground of the whole of Southern Border!


 Maybe Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had such power.


 But this remaining soul could not reach such a standard.


 Heavenly Court’s foundation was truly unfathomable.


 Even when facing Spectral Soul, they had corresponding methods.


 Seeing Spectral Soul’s huge hand tightly sewn to the ground, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the rest stared, dumbfounded.


 While Shadow Sect’s group revealed worried expressions.


 However, the next moment, the solid and malevolent dark ghostly hand suddenly turned soft, until it turned into a pool of black water.


 Whoosh...!


 A sea of black water surged out of the door of life and death. In an instant, the surrounding mountain ranges were submerged by it, this water that was from a soul covered all of the surroundings, it was tyrannical and domineering.


 Fang Yuan and the rest quickly flew into the sky.


 The next moment, the sea of black water soared to the sky, turning into a monster thousands of meters tall!


 “Spectral Soul!” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were terrified, a giant ghostly hand swept across the air at such a quick speed that it could not be dodged, smashing Embroidered Tower immediately.


 Another hand grabbed the large Heaven Overseeing Tower. The ghostly hand increased its strength, cracks started appearing on Heaven Overseeing Tower, and at this rate, the whole of Heaven Overseeing Tower looked like it would be crushed!


 The two grand tribulations, zither mind tribulation and star flow tribulation, came smashing down.


 Spectral Soul roared towards the sky, suppressing the zither sound.


 He raised two of his other hands and ferociously tore at a space.


 The space where he tore broke, the huge starlight tsunami rushed into the void.


 The two grand tribulations were so easily resolved by Spectral Soul!


 Fang Yuan and the rest, witnessing such a scene, were wide-eyed and tongue-tied.



***
Chapter 1011 - Spectral Soul? Spectral Soul!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The immortals present could not believe their own eyes!


 Zither mind tribulation, star flow tribulation, these two grand tribulations were easily stopped by Spectral Soul, it was as easy as drinking water.


 “This, this is the might of a rank nine demon venerable?” Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 Spectral Soul was already dead, what was present now was merely his soul.


 This gigantic soul was already beyond normal form.


 He was thousands of meters tall, like an imposing giant! The dark clouds that the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation created merely reached the height of his waist.


 Fang Yuan and the others were in the air, resembling flies. Looking at Spectral Soul’s leg, it resembled a giant mountain peak.


 Spectral Soul’s chest had reached the clouds, he was as tall as the sky!


 He had three heads.


 The front head had dragon horns, a lion’s mane, snake eyes, and elephant tusks.


 The left head had a peach-colored forehead, hair like grass, and three flower-like eyes.


 The right head had a fringe of clouds, eyes resembling lightning, ears like fire, and a golden mouth.


 He had a thousand arms, five hundred on each side. They were dark like ink, his muscles were bulging with firm lines, oozing with demonic aura.


 He also had a thousand ghostly hands, earlier, Heavenly Court had spent huge effort to use Embroidered Tower to immobilize a ghostly hand to the ground, but that was merely one out of a thousand!


 “Ah! This appearance, this appearance! Don’t tell me? Impossible! Impossible!” Fairy Li Shan had recognized Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, she screamed in disbelief. Her arms were covering her head, she shook her head as she retreated, she lost all the grace that a rank seven Gu Immortal had.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s appearance was not a secret, it was widely spread in the Gu Immortal world, even in the mortal world it was well known.


 Especially in Southern Border, many villages and countless mortals had a culture of revering Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. The people used clay to create a statue of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, and would pray to it during festivals and offerings.


 Hei Lou Lan’s pupils shrunk to pin size, she was so shocked she could not speak, her entire body was shivering.


 Gulp, Tai Bai Yun Sheng swallowed his saliva, his body was covered in cold sweat.


 Fang Yuan showed a moved expression full of anticipation.


 His shock from earlier had vanished.


 “This... is the limit of soul path? The soul turns from phantom to solid, it can interfere with the material world, it is as condensed as a physical body, and is unbelievably powerful! Such a soul foundation definitely surpasses a hundred million man soul. My soul compared to it, is like an ant versus the moon...”


 “But even the powerful Spectral Soul Demon Venerable died in the end, his soul returning to the door of life and death. Now that he has broken out, defying heaven and fate, what is he trying to do?”


 “When can I reach such a level as well? But even at this level, he cannot avoid death. I pursue eternal life... does it truly exist?”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, at this moment, he felt greatly excited.


 Even as an immortal zombie, he could feel a sensation of hot-bloodedness!


 One could learn from examples set by capable people.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was a predecessor who was undeniably a forerunner of Gu cultivation.


 Even Fang Yuan, who had five hundred years of experience, was small like a fly when he was facing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 But Fang Yuan’s fear had gone away entirely.


 He felt deep excitement, it was feverish!


 Like a person who aspires to climb the highest mountain seeing an immeasurably tall peak, even if that was not the goal, he still feel deeply motivated and wanted to climb up, to surpass it!


 Fang Yuan had long since forgotten about death.


 If he died on the path of ascension, even if his corpse was desecrated and his soul was utterly destroyed, so what?


 This was the goal that he pursued!


 Bam!!


 At this moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower burst out with a grand light, it shattered Spectral Soul’s ghostly hand and regained freedom.


 It was a rank nine Immortal Gu House after all.


 Inside the tower, the atmosphere was extremely heavy.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals bit their lips, seeing this overwhelming giant, they felt great pressure in their hearts.


 “As expected of Spectral Soul, such vast demonic might, it is simply terrifying!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord laughed loudly, the aura in his body rose as his silvery hair swayed, his sleeves were fluttering like a war banner.


 His fighting spirit soon spread to the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 The immortals’ eyes burned with passion.


 “Heaven’s will cannot be defied!”


 “Heaven cannot be defied!”


 “Even if you are Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who had once slaughtered the world and caused endless bloodshed.”


 “Your era is over!”


 “Even if we die today, we will protect the Great Dao of heaven!!”


 “Come, activate Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


 The immortals had firm determination, Heaven Overseeing Tower shined with an unprecedented dazzling light.


 Spectral Soul’s left head looked at it as it growled, several hands were moving around.


 The entirety of Spectral Soul moved with a speed disproportionate to its size. In an instant, several hands grabbed Heaven Overseeing Tower tightly.


 More and more ghostly hands emerged, overlapping over one another, surrounding Heaven Overseeing Tower in the center.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were unrelenting, Heaven Overseeing Tower’s light shone through the crevices of the ghostly hands’ fingers, shooting out light that resembled sharp blades.


 More than ten ghostly hands had layered together, but they shook vaguely.


 Spectral Soul, after getting to this point, actually ignored Heaven Overseeing Tower, the three heads looked towards the sky, having grim expressions.


 Even though he was several thousand meters tall, the sky was taller, it was still above his head.


 As if angered by Spectral Soul’s arrogance, the deepest part of the sky was conjuring the strongest thunderstorm it could muster.


 An apocalyptic feeling engulfed the immortals.


 “This... is no longer a grand tribulation.”


 “This is a myriad tribulation! Apocalyptic myriad tribulation!”


 Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals were lost for words.


 Beyond grand tribulations, there were myriad tribulations.


 Myriad tribulations were terrifying, if a rank eight Gu Immortal passed all three, they would become a rank nine venerable!


 Heaven was enraged, it knew that grand tribulations were useless against Spectral Soul, thus, it conjured a myriad tribulation.


 Myriad tribulation — Wind Lightning Prison!


 Fast! Fast! Fast!


 The myriad tribulation descended faster than any Gu Immortal’s expectations.


 Countless lightning bolts descended from the sky, countless tornadoes coiled around Spectral Soul’s body like pythons and dragons.


 Spectral Soul’s three heads roared at the sky angrily. His six eyes shot out blood-red light that was oozing with killing intent, it had an intimidating aura.


 A thousand arms moved together, ghostly hands tore the tornadoes apart while his hill-like fists punched against the lightning bolts in the sky.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others could not speak anymore.


 The scene in front of them was like the reenactment of a legendary tale.


 The myriad tribulation was targeting Spectral Soul and the ten extreme formation. Fang Yuan and the others were inside the formation, they were rather safe.


 “This myriad tribulation’s power is much higher than ordinary ones!”


 “Our main body can endure it.”


 “The ten extreme formation?”


 “It has been refined by sixty percent already.”


 “Only sixty percent... the following tribulations will become more terrifying.”


 Saying this, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals became silent.


 Their real archenemy was not Heavenly Court or Fang Yuan, it was heaven!


 If they were in their complete state, Shadow Sect’s group was confident. But because of Heavenly Court and Fang Yuan, they were in an incomplete state, in fact, the ten extreme formation had almost been about to break earlier, they only salvaged it by sacrificing Zombie Alliance.


 “Sacred Feather City is lost, and our main body has appeared, we serve little purpose now.”


 “That’s right, we should sacrifice ourselves to the ten extreme formation and save some time, that is the best way.”


 “Then, what about those people?”


 “Leave them to us.” Ying Wu Xie spoke this as he looked at Bo Qing.


 The later tribulations would be more powerful. Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had little use in resisting the tribulations. They might as well use themselves to accelerate the refinement of the formation.


 The true identity of these Shadow Sect Gu Immortals was that they were Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split souls.


 Precisely because of this, Shadow Sect could remain mysterious and hide in the background, developing for so many years without exposing themselves.


 This was also why Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals disregarded death, they were united and did not care about sacrifice.


 This huge force was simply a one man show by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 After discussion, Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals, including Seven Star Child and Song Zi Xing, made the same choice as Old Man Yan Shi, they entered the formation and sacrificed themselves.


 Only two people were left.


 One was Ying Wu Xie, he had the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, his cultivation level also rose as time passed. At the last moments of his life, he would fully become rank nine, he was the final trump card of Spectral Soul.


 The other was immortal zombie Bo Qing, he had also been one of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split souls, but right now, he was only Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body, the remnant soul inside was not Bo Qing but Mo Yao.


 Mo Yao’s remnant soul would not help in the formation even if she went in, she could only be refined as immortal material. This was not worth it, thus she stayed behind.


 Currently, Spectral Soul was controlling the situation, resisting the myriad tribulation while suppressing Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing and Ying Wu Xie had no more worries, they charged towards Fang Yuan and the others.


 Fang Yuan and the others were not their match, they quickly retreated.


 But being encircled by the formation, and with space path methods sealed, where could they run to?


 Bo Qing waved his hand and sword light flew out, chopping off Fairy Li Shan’s head as blood spewed out of her neck.


 The Sword Immortal’s strength could not be resisted.


 Man as Before!


 At the crucial moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng activated man as before Immortal Gu.


 Fairy Li Shan returned to her former state, touching her neck, her eyes were filled with fear.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s arms were behind his back, he laughed arrogantly: “Merely a rank six time path Immortal Gu, how can it stop me?”


 As he said this, Fairy Li Shan’s eyes widened as sword qi burst out of her body, turning her into a pile of mushy flesh.


 “Little aunt!” Hei Lou Lan cried out in pain, her eyes were bright red as she charged towards Bo Qing.


 Ying Wu Xie blocked Fang Yuan.


 He stared at Fang Yuan intently: “Fang Yuan, you were actually able to leave my dream realm, very interesting. Then, with my rank eight cultivation level, I want to see if you can escape from it again!”


 “You know my name?” Fang Yuan growled, feeling something amiss.


 “Hehehe, you are an otherworldly demon, you are still useful to Shadow Sect, I will spare your life. Don’t think of using Spring Autumn Cicada, this rank six Immortal Gu has already been deduced by Old Man Yan Shi. In its current state, it cannot be used, isn’t that right?” Ying Wu Xie was confident of victory, he approached with a smile.


 “What?!” Fang Yuan’s entire body shook.



***
Chapter 1012 - Murdering Kin, Slaughtering Everyone


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A hundred thousand years ago.


 Southern Border, Xuan Ci Mountain.


 It was night time, darkness was everywhere. Wind and thunder rumbled, lightning flashed across the battlefield at times.


 Partway up Xuan Ci Mountain, more than ten Gu Masters’ corpses were on the ground.


 It rained heavily, but it could not wash away the thick and bloody smell of the place.


 A battle had just ended, there were only two people left on the battlefield, the victor was evident.


 “Hahaha!” A young man laughed while looking at the sky, his eyes were blood-red, his expression was filled with bloodthirst. He slowly walked towards the other Gu Master.


 The other Gu Master was an old man, he was heavily injured and could not battle anymore. He retreated in a hurry, but he tripped and fell into the mud.


 The young Gu Master slowly walked in the rain, standing in front of the old Gu Master, looking down imposingly, his gaze was cold and icy, there was not a hint of warmth.


 But the old Gu Master’s gaze did not carry fear, instead, it was filled with disbelief and fury!


 The elderly man shouted: “Why? Why! I am your grandfather, I brought you up, I taught you everything you know. Your accomplishments today are all because of the clan’s nurturing! Why did you attack the clan’s higher ups, why did you repay our kindness with enmity? Why? Why!”


 Facing the elderly man’s questioning, the young Gu Master lowered his gaze, smiling lightly: “Why? I did not really consider that. Hmm... if I have to give a reason, maybe it is because I was annoyed.”


 “Annoyed?!”


 “That’s right... Saying things like, our clan is weaker than the other party, we should endure it and suffer in silence. Saying things like, we should respect the old and love the young, we should be courteous and have integrity, we should not talk back to elders. Saying things like, the clan is relying on me to defend its reputation, I need to think for the clansmen, that is how I can become a brilliant clan leader... it is really annoying! Since I was young, I have felt annoyed, I thought I could endure it, but I kept enduring and finally, I could not anymore.” The young Gu Master said as his mouth opened, revealing his pale white teeth.


 “Just because of this?!” The old Gu Master was furious, he sat up in anger.


 He stared with wide opened eyes as he scolded: “Why did you become like this? What were you actually thinking about? I must have been blind, I raised you for so many years in vain! Hehe, I actually wanted to hand the village to you?!”


 The old Gu Master angrily rebuked until he cried, he sobbed uncontrollably.


 “Enough! Enough!” The young Gu Master had a ruthless expression, the old Gu Master’s crying made him extremely annoyed.


 He raised his right hand, slashing down.


 Whoosh.


 With a soft sound, the old Gu Master was cut in two, blood spewed out as his intestines flowed out, he had died without satisfaction.


 The young Gu Master became calm, he stopped moving.


 He wore a black robe, standing in the rain like a statue.


 He lowered his head, looking at the corpse below him, memories of the past appeared in his mind involuntarily.


 When he was a child, his grandfather had brought him to ride horses and fly kites. When his superb aptitude was revealed, his grandfather smiled in joy. When he became a Gu Master, his grandfather taught him personally. He taught him to handle the clan affairs, he taught him meticulously...


 A long time passed.


 The young Gu Master let out a breath, he started to laugh.


 “Hehehe... hahaha.”


 Soon, his laughter became louder as he raised his head, looking at the sky with his arms wide open.


 His tears flowed out, he was filled with sorrow, but on his face, there was an expression of utter satisfaction.


 He felt like he was someone who was drowning, suddenly, he had reached the surface of the water and struggled to get to the shore.


 He breathed in deeply, he could smell a thick, bloody stench, it assaulted him, seemingly filled with the rage of his clansmen.


 But he felt that this air was goddamn fresh!


 “Even though I am very sad... is this freedom? Hahaha, if I had known this, I would have killed them long ago. These annoying things should have been killed long beforehand. From now on, I will kill whatever annoys me!”


 The young Gu Master screamed in the rain, his excitement was evident on his face.


 Crack.


 A flash of lightning went by, illuminating the young Gu Master’s expression of joy.


 A hundred thousand years later.


 Lightning flashed and thunder roared, the young Gu Master’s face was still illuminated by this light.


 But now, he was already entirely different, he was a monster that was thousands of meters tall, with three heads and a thousand arms.


 “So noisy, non-stop rumbling, enough is enough!” Spectral Soul roared.


 Boom!


 A thousand arms exerted force, demonic aura surged and filled all the surroundings, they coiled around the tornadoes and tore them to shreds.


 The impact of his actions caused the clouds over the whole area to stir.


 He suppressed the wind and lightning!


 The lightning bolts completely vanished under his wrath.


 The clouds dispersed and the sun returned, the myriad tribulation, wind lightning prison, had been resolved by Spectral Soul!


 Even a myriad tribulation could not stop him.


 The might of a Demon Venerable, it was fully displayed!


 All who witnessed this, be it Fang Yuan’s side, or Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, they were in shock.


 “Did we succeed?” Bo Qing and Ying Wu Xie looked back, joy showing on their faces.


 But immediately, the sky turned dark again, countless grey clouds gathered above Spectral Soul’s head.


 The second myriad tribulation was gathering strength!


 Bo Qing and Ying Wu Xie’s expressions turned dark.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals heaved a sigh of relief.


 Spectral Soul’s six eyes showed a pondering expression.


 Suddenly, he raised hundreds of arms, stabbing into the dark clouds at his waist.


 The dark clouds were formed by the ten extreme formation, receiving Spectral Soul’s help, the clouds shook intensely.


 “Oh no! He is accelerating the formation!”


 “Even though I do not know what he is trying to refine, we cannot let him succeed!”


 “Everyone, collaborate with me!!”


 Under Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s lead, Heaven Overseeing Tower turned phantom, it flew out, bypassing the encirclement of the ghostly hands.


 At the next moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower turned back into material form, with a loud sound, it propelled forward and crashed into Spectral Soul’s right head fiercely.


 At once, Spectral Soul’s head caved in from the impact, his chin was slammed into the position of the cheek bones.


 Spectral Soul roared furiously, a hundred hands grabbed at Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 “Again!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shouted.


 The six Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals around him were in charge of this.


 At the critical moment, Heaven Overseeing Tower turned phantom again, causing Spectral Soul’s attack to miss.


 This ability to turn phantom was one of Heaven Overseeing Tower’s methods. But it was not easy to activate, a large amount of thoughts and concentration was needed, it was like Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage’s ability to absorb attacks.


 Six Heavenly Court Gu Immortals turned the tower phantom twice, they were breathing heavily in exhaustion.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower floated above Spectral Soul’s head in phantom form. But at this moment, a hundred of Spectral Soul’s strong dark arms shrunk immensely, turning dry, thin and long.


 Obtaining his help, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation underwent a huge change, the scattered dark clouds gathered towards the center.


 At the center of the dark clouds, a round ball could be vaguely seen, it spun on its own, shining with fourteen different colored lights.


 Seeing this, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had an anxious expression, he ordered: “Chop off these arms!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was like a rocket, it drew an eye piercing light rainbow in the sky as it slashed forward. The light rainbow cut all of Spectral Soul’s arms off upon contact.


 “Ying Wu Xie, go and deal with Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals!” Immortal zombie Bo Qing called out.


 It was a simple matter for them to deal with Fang Yuan’s side.


 But because of a series of events, they were constantly interrupted.


 Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, he was unwilling to leave at this moment: “Give me a moment to make Fang Yuan sleep first.”


 Saying so, he activated the rank eight immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream.


 Fang Yuan could not dodge, he was dragged into the dream realm.


 At the pavilion in the center of the lake, the music from the zither could be heard.


 Fang Yuan met Star Constellation Immortal Venerable again.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Fang Yuan hurriedly activated his dream path killer move, but the dream realm held firm, all he saw were transparent ripples in his vision.


 His unravel dream might work against the dream realm, but it was only rank six. In contrast, Ying Wu Xie’s killer move was rank eight.


 The difference between the two was too vast, Fang Yuan could not unravel the dream realm.


 At once, Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 The zither music continued, as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled at Fang Yuan gently, she sang with a soft voice.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, he knew that he had lost!


 Phantom form!


 Heaven Overseeing Tower dodged Spectral Soul’s attack again.


 But Spectral Soul’s ghostly hands did not stop, they drove into the ten extreme formation.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was prepared to attack again, but one of Spectral Soul’s heads opened its eyes and gazed at Heaven Overseeing Tower, immobilizing it.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was unable to change out of its phantom form!


 “Hahaha, this time, why don’t you try and escape?!” Ying Wu Xie placed his hands at his waist, laughing smugly.


 “Fang Yuan!” Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted.


 But Fang Yuan was deep in sleep, he could not be woken up.


 Bo Qing was about to kill Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, when there was suddenly a huge suction force from the ground.


 The immortals were caught off guard, they were all sucked into the ground, their legs were deeply buried in the ground, a strong force was restricting them, preventing them from moving.


 Grand tribulation — Earth Collapse!


 Bo Qing and Ying Wu Xie were shocked, they did not expect that while the myriad tribulation was dealing with Spectral Soul, there was actually a grand tribulation waiting to ambush them.


 “Why are they not restricted?!” Soon, both of them were shocked again.


 They saw that after landing on the ground, Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng regained their freedom, they could move freely.


 Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were shocked and joyful.


 The latter quickly grabbed Fang Yuan, who was sleeping, and retreated rapidly.


 What made them even more joyful was that after the ten extreme formation created the mysterious ball, the force that restricted the space around them vanished. If Fang Yuan woke up, they would be able to use Fixed Immortal Travel and escape.


 But Fang Yuan was deep in sleep.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s eyes shined with deep killing intent, he was about to use his sword path Immortal Gu, when he felt that the thoughts in his mind, just as they appeared, were sucked out and into the ground.


 Evidently, the power of the grand tribulation earth collapse had a variety of targets. Not only could it target the Gu Immortal’s body, it could even affect their thoughts, wills, and emotions.


 Just like this, Bo Qing could only watch as Hei Lou Lan and the others escaped from under his nose!



***
Chapter 1013 - Grey Memory


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This grand tribulation earth collapse was completely unreasonable!


 Not only were the Gu Immortals trapped in the ground, their thoughts were also interrupted.


 Without thoughts to mobilize their Gu worms, what methods could Gu Immortals use?


 Unless they could use wisdom path methods to resist it.


 But the condition for that was, the wisdom path method had to be set up in advance. Otherwise, once they fell into earth collapse, even if the Gu Immortal had a wisdom path method to use, they could not unleash it.


 Taking action in advance was the only way.


 Without the initiative, one was doomed.


 This showed the power of the grand tribulation, one could just imagine the might of the myriad tribulation.


 “Damn it!!” Ying Wu Xie struggled continuously, there were few results from his actions, he sank deeper and deeper as he screamed.


 “Stop struggling, stop thinking. It will make our situation worse, we cannot deal with this at the moment.” Immortal zombie Bo Qing who was beside him said in a calm tone.


 Or strictly speaking, Mo Yao’s remnant soul was very calm.


 She was experienced.


 When she was alive, she helped her lover Bo Qing with his tribulation, the myriad tribulation that she had seen before was more terrifying than this!


 Comparatively, the grand tribulation earth collapse was harmless and gentle.


 “We can only hope that our main body saves us.” Ying Wu Xie sighed, looking at Spectral Soul.


 Only to see that Spectral Soul was also sinking, half of his huge legs were already below the surface of the ground. Not just that, his left leg’s lower portion was tightly sewed onto the ground.


 This was the result of an earlier attack by the Immortal Gu House Embroidered Tower.


 Even though Spectral Soul was powerful and mighty, and had used his full efforts, he could not control the entire situation.


 At this moment, out of his six eyes, two were staring at Heaven Overseeing Tower, preventing it from moving, the other four were staring at the sky.


 At the top of the sky, grey colored clouds were growing in thickness, they descended slowly.


 The second myriad tribulation had started.


 But it was different from the first, wind lightning prison, that was extremely fast beyond one’s reaction speed, in an instant, the wind and lightning would approach a person and attack them.


 This myriad tribulation however, was very slow.


 It was so slow that anyone who was undergoing the tribulation could retaliate in many ways.


 But Spectral Soul did not move.


 He stood quietly, like a solemn mountain.


 “Did our main body get hit already?” Ying Wu Xie shouted, looking extremely anxious: “This is such a good chance, you have to retaliate!!”


 But until the grey cloud completely shrouded Spectral Soul, he did not move, he stared at Heaven Overseeing Tower, controlling it firmly.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were troubled.


 They used the phantom method to make Heaven Overseeing Tower evade Spectral Soul’s attacks. But to think that Spectral Soul’s phantom path attainment level was beyond expectations, he was certainly a great grandmaster.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower’s phantom tactic was taken advantage of by Spectral Soul, becoming unable to return to its normal form. Then how could it fight or do anything in that state?


 “The myriad tribulation is coming!” Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, looking at the grey cloud descend slowly.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing squinted, his muscles were tense.


 The grand tribulation earth collapse was enough to make them defenseless and helpless, now that the myriad tribulation had descended, was it the end for Bo Qing and Ying Wu Xie?


 The grey cloud descended, but it caused no harm.


 “What is going on? Is this a harmless myriad tribulation?!” Ying Wu Xie was nervous, seeing that there was no disturbance, he touched his body all over as he cried out in suspicion.


 Bo Qing did not answer him.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals recognized this myriad tribulation, but Ying Wu Xie was unable to obtain the answer.


 “Is this grey memory?” The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal who recognized it cried out.


 “What is grey memory?”


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal recalled: “When I was young, I had once obtained the inheritance of a rank eight Gu Immortal. In the past, this rank eight Gu Immortal failed to pass a myriad tribulation, grey memory. During his final moments, he left behind his inheritance. This myriad tribulation is harmless to the body, but it draws out the person’s deepest memories. These memories were either those which had caused huge pain to the Gu Immortal’s mind, or were a trauma in their life.”


 “Don’t look down on this myriad tribulation. That rank eight senior did not even last fifteen minutes under this myriad tribulation, he lost all his motivation and became dejected without any fighting spirit left in him, he lost all interest in life.”


 “The saying goes, you are your worst enemy. Looking at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he was invincible in the world, then wasn’t his biggest enemy himself? For everyone in the world, even if we become a rank nine venerable, we will have a period of time when we were weak. We cultivate step by step, becoming stronger along the way. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable slaughtered people over the world, he had an immense murderous nature, people guessed that he might have suffered some trauma when he was young.”


 “Who does not have any painful memories in the deepest part of their mind? Who does not have any shameful memories that they cannot express? Who has never made any decision that went against their nature? Along the way, who has never made a mistake? Amazing, simply amazing! This myriad tribulation is incredible! Perhaps even Spectral Soul is going to falter here.”


 Myriad tribulation — Grey Memory.


 Because he recognized this myriad tribulation, Spectral Soul did not move.


 He knew that no attacks could resolve this tribulation. Only by entering it and facing his past, all the shame, trauma, humiliation and anger, could he pass this tribulation.


 The grey clouds coiling around his body suddenly had bright lights, there was even sound emitting from them.


 What was presented in front of the immortals was a scene from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s childhood.


 “Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!”


 A band of Gu Masters surrounded a family of three, their eyes were reddened as they shouted ruthlessly.


 “Father! You cannot kill mother!!” A child protected his heavily injured mother, yelling with all his energy.


 “Hmph, all demonic path members should be executed! We of the righteous path have to uphold justice and slay members of the demonic path!! Why can’t we kill her? Not only can we kill her, we must kill her. Only by killing her can our clan’s humiliation be purged!!” The old Gu Master who was leading the group, said with a righteous tone, he shouted angrily, he was the grandfather of the boy, the leader of the clan.


 The clan leader’s words received a warm cheer from all of the clan elders and elite Gu Masters.


 They raised their arms and shouted.


 “Kill!” Kill! “Kill!”


 “Kill!” Kill! “Kill!”


 Whoosh.


 With a soft sound, fresh blood spewed out.


 The boy quickly turned around, at the next moment, his eyes opened wide, as his pupils shrunk to pin size.


 He saw his father had moved in front of him, his face was red and he was gritting his teeth, there were tears in his eyes as he suppressed his intense emotions. The dagger that he was holding had already stabbed deeply into the heart of his beloved wife.


 The boy opened his mouth and wanted to scream.


 But he did not make any sound.


 From that day onwards, he became very quiet.


 Evidently, this boy was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable when he was a child.


 Under the influence of grey memory, his childhood trauma was no longer hidden, it was displayed in front of everyone.


 The grey fog moved, as another scene appeared.


 Several years had passed.


 The young boy had grown slightly, he was standing in front of his grandfather respectfully.


 His grandfather, who was the clan leader, drank a sip of tea, asking casually: “I let you read about the history of our clan, what insight have you gained? Come, tell grandfather.”


 “Grandfather.” The boy first greeted, before saying: “I have had many gains these last few days, I have learned much.”


 “Oh? Tell me.” The old man asked in curiosity.


 “Looking at history, I realized that there is one universal law in this world, that is — to kill.” The boy said calmly.


 “Kill?” The old man frowned, he replied in a grim tone: “Explain it to me.”


 “Yes.” The boy continued: “When we are hungry and need food for our bellies, we kill prey. When we have enemies, we kill our enemies and eliminate the threat. When the world is peaceful, the ruler will kill his meritorious subjects to gain authority and control...” The boy said slowly, he did not notice that the old man’s frown was getting deeper.


 The boy continued: “Throughout history, it is a case of you killing me, and me killing you. What is a hero? They are someone who has killed the most enemies. What is a loser? They are someone who could not kill their opponent and got killed instead.”


 “Actually, even though kill is a word, it has very deep meaning behind it. How to kill, should one use Gu worms and do it themselves, or hire other Gu Masters to accomplish the deed? Sometimes, we cannot kill outright, because that would attract trouble, so we choose to assassinate. There are many forms of assassination, for example...”


 “Enough!” The old man bellowed, in his anger, he smashed the cup on the ground.


 The fragments shot past the boy’s face as a wound was created, blood flowed slowly.


 The old man stood up, pointing at the boy, shouting in anger: “I let you study and read, it is for you to admire the achievements of our clan’s ancestors, and learn about the glorious history of our clan. I want you to learn about courtesy and integrity, I want you to understand the glory of the righteous path. And you actually learned about killing? What sort of twisted logic is this? You, you, you, you are confined for a month, stay in the house and reflect upon your mistake!!”


 “Yes, grandfather.” The boy replied, he spoke softly, but there was a stubborn light in his eyes.


 The grey fog moved, as the scene changed again.


 Several years later, the boy was already a rank one Gu Master.


 “Hehehe, I finally refined hidden aura Gu today, I will give grandfather a shock by hiding in the study room!” The youngster sneaked into the room.


 “Eh? No, I am only a rank one Gu Master, while grandfather is rank four. It is very easy for him to find me. I should hide behind the secret door, in the hidden tunnel, and jump out to scare grandfather later.” The youngster changed his mind, he opened the secret door and hid behind it.


 Not long after, he heard a commotion.


 He did not dare to open the secret door, he could only listen to the voices.


 Two people walked into the study room.


 His grandfather walked with heavy and hurried steps, he was furious.


 “This traitorous son! He really wants to rebel? He wants to harm his father?!” The old clan leader was enraged, he slammed the table and caused a huge impact.


 “Clan leader, the evidence is conclusive. News that you have obtained an eighty year lifespan Gu has already spread out. It is confirmed that young clan leader wants to harm you.”


 A hoarse voice could be heard.


 The youngster could recognize instantly that this was a certain clan elder, the personal aide of the clan leader.


 “Hmph! This traitorous son, he wants to seize my authority, how can that be possible?!” The clan leader shouted.


 “Clan leader, there are many higher ups supporting young clan leader.” The hoarse voice said again.


 There was a brief silence.


 The youngster’s grandfather’s voice said solemnly: “My son’s influence is not to be underestimated. If we suppress him openly, not only will our reputation in the righteous path be damaged, there will be internal strife that would weaken the clan. Hmm... go and prepare, we will strike first and find a chance to assassinate him. Once he is dead, as long as we kill this traitorous son, the other clan elders will have no choice but to give up.”


 “Clan leader is wise!”


 Behind the secret door, in the hidden tunnel, the youngster covered his mouth, his entire body was shivering intensely.



***
Chapter 1014 - Food Path Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng carried Fang Yuan as he sprinted and escaped.


 Hei Lou Lan took one final look at the grey fog, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s pitiful childhood made Hei Lou Lan feel a sense of understanding due to her similar experience.


 For some reason, the grand tribulation, earth collapse, did not affect them.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan made use of this chance to escape, running away while feeling shock and joy.


 The ten extreme formation was in its critical moment, it could not restrict the surroundings, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan escaped very easily.


 Soon, the battle of Yi Tian Mountain was thrown to the back of their minds.


 In a few minutes, they could no longer see the grey clouds in the sky.


 “Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan, wake up!” Hei Lou Lan slapped Fang Yuan’s face, but he was not responding, he was sound asleep.


 Without Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel, they could not leave Southern Border.


 Unless they crossed the regional walls.


 But that would cause too much losses.


 “Gu Immortals from Northern Plains?!” A voice could be heard from afar.


 Next, three Southern Border Gu Immortals landed.


 Seeing Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng in a pathetic state full of injuries, the leading Gu Immortal was shocked: “Looking at your injuries, did you come from Yi Tian Mountain? Speak! What actually happened there?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had an expression of wariness.


 Hei Lou Lan smiled coldly: “You want to know what happened, go there and see for yourselves.”


 The three Southern Border Gu Immortals snorted, they did not have high cultivation level, they were here to investigate because the Gu Immortal experts of their respective clans had gone to Yi Tian Mountain and lost all traces of communication with them.


 No matter which super force it was, they were very concerned about the ownership of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 Furthermore, Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s auras were very weak, they were covered in injuries and were not in their best condition.


 “We are asking you to speak, you had better obey us.”


 “Northern Plains Gu Immortals coming to Southern Border and still acting so arrogantly!”


 “Attack!! Take down the three of them.”


 Thus, a battle occurred out of nowhere.


 And in Yi Tian Mountain’s battlefield, the grey fog was still spreading.


 The situation was in a stalemate.


 No matter how hard the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals tried, they could not go out of their phantom form.


 Ying Wu Xie and Bo Qing were all immobilized on the ground because of earth collapse.


 Waves of grey fog coiled around immortal zombie Bo Qing as they shined with bright lights, showing constantly changing scenes.


 These were Mo Yao’s memories, as a variant human, she had suffered a fate of being ostracized.


 Speaking of which, it was strange, Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body actually had Mo Yao’s remnant soul. What happened in the past to Bo Qing during his tribulation was unknown.


 But Mo Yao, who was now present, had to endure the attack, because her remnant soul was in the grey fog, the most painful memories in her mind was drawn out.


 “Hmph.” Immortal zombie Bo Qing snickered.


 Facing these sad traumas in her life, Mo Yao’s remnant soul showed her strong-willed personality.


 “Strange, why are you unaffected by the grey fog?” Bo Qing looked at Ying Wu Xie who was beside him.


 Ying Wu Xie was staring at Bo Qing’s grey fog intently.


 “I don’t know.” Ying Wu Xie shook his head, he pointed: “Yours is pretty interesting.”


 Bo Qing snorted: “It seems that because you were just born, and only have eighteen hours to live, you had no time to experience these things.”


 Saying this, Bo Qing’s face was full of worries.


 The myriad tribulation grey memory was not a threat to Ying Wu Xie. That was because he was too young, he did not have much life experience.


 But it was a completely different story for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 “This second myriad tribulation is truly vicious! Once you are within the grey fog, not only are your past traumas revealed, the deepest emotions in your mind will be drawn out, you will experience the emotions that you once felt. My memories have already caused me to feel upset. If the recollection was on my lover, I might... If I am already this affected by it, then for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who has had a longer life and much more experience, how would he deal with it?” Thinking about this, Mo Yao’s remnant soul looked up by moving the immortal zombie body.


 Inside the grey fog, Spectral Soul was like a tall mountain, he was unmoving, like a dormant volcano.


 Surrounding him, the grey fog was rumbling, countless rainbow lights were shining. This fog showed all kinds of images, Spectral Soul had already become a Gu Immortal.


 Inside Earth Abyss.


 “Youngster, you want to obtain my inheritance?” In the darkness, two eyes shined brightly like lanterns.


 “Yes.” The Gu Immortal spoke concisely. He wore a black robe with messy shoulder length hair, his expression was cold, bright light shined in his eyes from time to time.


 “Hehehe... hahaha!” In the darkness, a crazed laugh could be heard, it got louder and louder, it caused one’s eardrums to tremble.


 After a while, the laughter stopped.


 “It seems you have made your decision! Then this is your inheritance test. Roar!” Following a loud roar, a strange beast came out of the darkness.


 This beast had four limbs, its body was covered in scales, it had a crocodile’s head.


 Its huge crocodile-like mouth had sharp teeth inside, they were shining with cold light, like blades of daggers.


 Above its head, it had two curly dragon horns.


 But from its body, there was the aura of a Gu Immortal.


 Evidently, this was a beastman Gu Immortal.


 Beastmen were a type of variant human, in history, they were the most targeted during the era of the three Demon Venerables. Who could have thought that Spectral Soul encountered a beastman Gu Immortal during his life.


 This beastman Gu Immortal with dragon horns and a crocodile’s head opened his mouth, biting at the Gu Immortal’s soul.


 But Gu Immortal Spectral Soul did not dodge or evade.


 The beastman bit, tearing apart Spectral Soul’s arm.


 Blood spewed out.


 Crack, crack.


 The beastman chewed, under the grinding of his sharp teeth, Spectral Soul’s arm was torn to shreds, blood oozed out of the space between his teeth, flowing everywhere.


 Gulp, the beastman swallowed, sending the blood and flesh, along with the bones, down its throat.


 “Delicious! I have not eaten such fresh food in a long time!” The beastman Gu Immortal shouted, pouncing again.


 Spectral Soul did not retreat, he allowed him to continue biting.


 The beastman Gu Immortal quickly ate his other arm, and his two legs, devouring them.


 Assaulted by intense pain, Spectral Soul was expressionless, he did not even frown at all.


 Instead, the beastman Gu Immortal showed some shock on his face.


 “You are different from those previous people.” The beastman Gu Immortal stopped eating, he assessed Spectral Soul as he spoke with a tone of praise: “You have no emotion of fear at all. You know, I invented food path, I did a lot of research on eating. Many people wanted to obtain my inheritance, they allowed me to eat them, they looked very tough on the outside with no expression, but they were filled with pain and fear on the inside.”


 “Don’t think that emotions can be concealed so easily. Actually, this kind of flesh tastes sour and disgusting, it is not delicious at all, I can tell when I eat it.”


 “Then, is my flesh delicious?” Spectral Soul asked.


 The beastman Gu Immortal frowned, he spoke: “Honestly speaking, your flesh feels cold, your bones are too tough, they are not delicious. They taste like the icicles that I ate during my childhood, when I was hunted down by you humans in frozen lands while escaping in hunger.”


 “But forget it. Hahaha, I have been trapped here, I have not eaten anything fresh in a long time. How can I not be satisfied with this? Furthermore, what I love eating most are the heart, lungs, liver, and kidneys, they are my favorites, hahaha. Lad, you want to obtain my inheritance, there is a price to pay! Don’t die at the last moment!”


 Saying this, the beastman Gu Immortal scratched, tearing open Spectral Soul’s stomach, pulling out his large and small intestines.


 Next, in front of Spectral Soul, he sucked them into his mouth, crying out that they were delicious.


 Spectral Soul had a pale face, but his expression was still cold, as if those were not his intestines.


 Deep in the beastman Gu Immortal’s eyes, there was a flash of panic.


 He cackled, brandishing his claws, pointing at Spectral Soul’s chest: “Next, I will eat your lungs, you have to endure it!”


 “What can I not endure?” Spectral Soul smiled coldly: “In this special environment, even if I am eaten until only my head is left, I can still grow back. And by then, I would obtain your inheritance. After that, you would lose all value to me, you should worry about yourself.”


 The beastman Gu Immortal’s movements froze for a second, he went into a rage, his eyes were spewing fire: “Lad! You talk big! I want to see how long you can endure this for?”


 He purposely moved slowly, causing friction in Spectral Soul’s body, making him feel that his intestines and organs were being held, and his bones were being scratched, to try to generate fear and panic in him.


 The beastman Gu Immortal took out Spectral Soul’s organs and ate them one by one. In front of him, he opened his mouth from time to time, letting Spectral Soul see the miserable state of his organs that were crushed to bits.


 Spectral Soul’s calm expression slowly changed, turning into one of interest.


 The beastman Gu Immortal saw this gaze and had a change of expression: “What are you thinking of?”


 “I find it interesting.”


 “I am eating your flesh, I am eating your organs, you find it interesting?” The beastman Gu Immortal looked at Spectral Soul with a disbelieving expression.


 “Of course, eating is natural in this world, but on the other side of eating, there is killing. We eat meat, we have to hunt. When we eat vegetables, we have to uproot them, that is also killing. Even if we eat nothing but wind and drink nothing but water, we are still swallowing and digesting them. All in all, eating is killing. Of course, killing is not just eating, thus, your food path is inferior to my killing path.”


 “I have eaten many things, but I have never been eaten by another individual. You are eating me now, that is the same as killing me. Similarly, I have killed many life forms, but I have never been slowly killed by anyone else. This allowed me to understand the feeling of being killed, it is a form of enjoyment. Those who kill have to be prepared to be killed. Simply by killing others, I cannot fully comprehend killing. Thank you for letting me comprehend a deeper meaning in killing.”


 The beastman Gu Immortal heard this and opened his eyes wide, he looked at Spectral Soul like he was seeing a nightmare, a monster!


 Cold sweat began to form on his head.


 He felt that he could not swallow the young man in front of him anymore.


 He gulped, feeling that his throat was blocked.


 “Lad! I will eat your upper body now, let’s see how arrogant you can be!!” The beastman Gu Immortal shouted, devouring with a frenzied gaze, his eyes were reddened.


 Soon, Gu Immortal Spectral Soul had only his head left.


 Seeing this, all of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, along with immortal zombie Bo Qing and Ying Wu Xie, were silent.


 Even though he only had a head left, Gu Immortal Spectral Soul was still calm and at peace.


 “This, what sort of willpower...” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were lost for words.


 Earlier, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortal who was very confident of the myriad tribulation grey memory saw this and his expression turned dark, he lost his confidence.


 But at this moment, the beastman Gu Immortal laughed wildly.


 He laughed in an insane manner, he was so happy, tears were flowing out of his eyes.


 It was filled with a tone of mockery.


 “Hahaha, you were deceived, but don’t be upset, you are the two hundred and seventieth person who was deceived. Hahaha!”


 Spectral Soul’s gaze flashed: “Is this inheritance fake?”


 “Of course it is real! Back then, I cultivated to rank eight, Barbarian Jiu Lie tried to trap me instead of killing me, he was after my food path, hmph! I could not beat him, but he could not obtain what he wanted so easily either. I established an agreement with him, I would pass the food path inheritance to future humans, but not him. And the inheritor must endure my eating test.”


 “After making the agreement, I have been trapped here, many humans came here in order to pass the test, to obtain knowledge of food path. But even Barbarian Jiu Lie could not understand my true ability. Hehehe, my entire body is full of food path dao marks, I have reached a level that has never been achieved by anyone before me. I can consume rocks and wind to fill my stomach. I can even consume Gu worms to increase the dao marks on me. I ate dao marks non-stop, and finally, after a thousand years, I broke the agreement that we had made.”


 “Hahaha! So do you get it? Next, I will eat your head and turn you into my nutrients and nourish me, to allow me to recover. Don’t worry, I will remember you, you are one of the most unique among the pitiful people that I have eaten.”


 “So that is it.” Spectral Soul still had a plain expression, he was very calm.


 The beastman Gu Immortal’s expression froze, he grabbed his throat, shouting anxiously: “What is going on? What is going on?!”


 Spectral Soul laughed coldly: “I would never allow another person to determine my life and death. Not to mention an old agreement. You think my flesh is so easy to consume? Every piece of flesh that you eat contains a part of my soul. You are a great expert in food path, but coincidentally, I also have some attainment in soul path.”


 “Soul path? When did such a path appear?! The splitting of the soul will cause you pain that is immensely higher than the tearing of your flesh!”


 “I’ll let you know, I am the founder of soul path. As for that bit of pain... only by experiencing it will I enjoy the amazing feeling of killing, isn’t that right?” Spectral Soul said as the beastman Gu Immortal’s expression turned ashen, he stopped moving.


 He was dead.


 His eyes were opened wide, staring at Gu Immortal Spectral Soul.


 Even though the other party only had his head left.


 In the beastman Gu Immortal’s eyes, there was only fear.



***
Chapter 1015 - Scenes of Past Events


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Not only the beastman Gu Immortal, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who saw this also felt immensely fearful.


 “Demon! Demon!”


 “This Spectral Soul is completely crazed, even though there was a cause, he is filled with demonic thoughts, he thinks that nothing cannot be killed, he thinks that the greatest joy is killing, he thinks that the Dao of heaven and earth is essentially killing.”


 “No wonder he could become a Demon Venerable, and caused the greatest bloodshed in the world! Even the pain of tearing his soul apart felt splendid to him. He seems cold and logical, but he is actually crazy to the extreme. Nobody can save him, his mind is incapable of redemption!”


 “I have to agree, an invincible mindset is the basis for becoming invincible. He has such a mindset, it is simply demonic, but because of this, his mind will never waver, everything in this world will only reinforce that misconceived ideology!”


 “The myriad tribulation grey memory cannot stop him. Even though he is not a Demon Venerable now, and cannot be ‘physically invincible’, he is still mentally invincible!”


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals discussed, they were anxious, fearful, disdainful, and filled with hatred, all of these were on their expressions.


 Chirp, chirp...


 Just at this moment, in the sky, there was the clear chirping of birds.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals looked up, feeling great joy.


 “Myriad tribulation!”


 “Another myriad tribulation!”


 “The myriad tribulation grey memory is not over yet, but another myriad tribulation is on the way already.”


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is defying heaven, once he revives, the world would undergo bloodshed again. Heaven would not allow him to do so, thus it caused these immense tribulations. He will definitely not succeed!”


 The chirping of birds became louder and more frequent.


 The sky was shining with a jade light.


 Large groups of birds entered a formation and charged down.


 “Myriad tribulation — Grand Clear Space.” One of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals recognized this.


 They seemed like birds, but it was actually the power of space path. Wherever the flying birds went, space would be cleared out, nothing could exist there, it was a terrifying power that could not be stopped.


 “This is grand clear space? In history, there was a Northern Plains predecessor who failed the tribulation but survived it, with an inspiration, he created the immortal killer move three winged green bird. His descendants obtained it and had once dominated Northern Plains.”


 “That’s right, this is the tribulation!”


 Under the expectant gazes of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, the jade flying birds flew down, circling around Spectral Soul.


 Wherever the flying birds went, long and deep wounds were formed, as if they were sharp blades.


 Wounds soon formed all over Spectral Soul’s body, it was a terrible sight.


 Spectral Soul had no reaction, but Ying Wu Xie was screaming on the ground.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing was also showing nervousness on his face.


 The grey fog surrounded Spectral Soul, its power was seemingly causing him to dwell in his memories.


 A vast amount of rainbow fog that was thousands of meters tall rumbled in the surrounding hundred li, countless scenes were shown, they displayed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s rich life experiences in front of everyone.


 Suddenly, behind Spectral Soul’s head, rainbow fog expanded, forming a huge veil that pushed away all of the surrounding scenes.


 In the image, there was an abundance of green light, this was a green heaven fragment world of the immemorial nine heavens!


 A group of Gu Masters were inside fighting with a group of featherman Gu Immortals.


 Spectral Soul, who was still a Gu Immortal, was also among them. He wore a black robe and had black hair that swayed with the wind, killing intent was oozing.


 “Humans, you are too much!” The featherman Gu Immortal leader cried out, throwing out an Immortal Gu House.


 It was Sacred Feather City.


 More than ten featherman Gu Immortals flew into Sacred Feather City, as the city burst out with a glorious light.


 The human Gu Immortals could not beat them, they were utterly defeated.


 Gu Immortal Spectral Soul was unable to resist the might of the Immortal Gu House, he was heavily injured, barely surviving.


 Next, the scene vanished, turning into countless smaller fragmented images. Tens of thousands of images surrounded Spectral Soul, encircling him tightly, almost without any gaps.


 All of the experiences in his life, as long as there were emotions in them, they were shown, everyone was watching with dazed expressions, they could not keep up with the number of scenes.


 Spectral Soul’s entire life was condensed endlessly.


 Everyone could see that he walked further and further on the demonic path, his killing nature also intensified, as his cultivation level rose.


 A huge screen of fog was formed, pushing away the surrounding images again.


 The position was at Spectral Soul’s left leg.


 Seeing this, the immortals had an understanding: The larger the scene that came from the rainbow fog, the more variation there was in Spectral Soul’s emotions at the time.


 Thus, the moment the scene started, everyone’s attention was drawn.


 This was a silver-white space.


 It was the location of a Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 Gu Immortal Spectral Soul barged in, arrogance could be felt from his expression, he spoke to himself: “Thieving Heaven, even though you were a Demon Venerable, you are already dead. Why don’t you leave your inheritance to me.”


 However, the Thieving Heaven true inheritances were left for otherworldly demons.


 Gu Immortal Spectral Soul was not an otherworldly demon, he was not qualified to inherit it.


 He tried all kinds of methods, but he ended up spitting out blood, his expression was pale as he returned empty handed.


 ...


 When Spectral Soul became a Demon Venerable, he dominated the world, slaughtering the masses.


 He stood on a peak, his hair was white as snow.


 Looking afar, looking at a field of corpses, looking at the perishing life forms.


 This was recorded in human history, Spectral Soul destroyed a certain super force and slaughtered over ten million people just to obtain lifespan Gu.


 He played with the lifespan Gu in his hands, while his expression was perplexed.


 He looked over the scenery, muttering to himself: “Heaven, if you want to kill us, why did you create us?”


 Even though he had strength that was invincible in the world, he was perplexed.


 His killing path could not explain this.


 ...


 Another huge screen of fog appeared.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable came to a Thieving Heaven true inheritance space, the same place he had once went to in his youth.


 Thieving Heaven’s will formed in front of him: “Anyone who can become a venerable has an outstanding aspect. I hope you can be magnanimous and leave this true inheritance for a fated person.”


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s hands were behind his back, he had a cold expression: “When I was young, I had desired everything in here. But now, I have already obtained my Dao, no matter how precious the things are here, they are of no attraction to me. I came here because I have a question.”


 Thieving Heaven’s will smiled: “I understand. Those who have reached our heights will have questions about heaven and earth. How about this, I will share my experiences with you, as a reference.”


 “Okay.” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable nodded.


 Thieving Heaven’s will continued: “You might already know, I am not from this world, I am what you would call an otherworldly demon.”


 “The world I came from is different from here in both its foundation and scenery. To me, I am only a traveler here, I want to go home, I have strived over my whole life for that goal.”


 “My real name is Ben Jie Sun, in my original appearance, I had blond hair and blue eyes. Before coming here, I had a beautiful fiancée, we were preparing to get married. I had a high status in society, that was because I was a mecha operator.”


 “Meka?” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s eyes were shining with deep interest.


 Even though he had traveled over the five regions, this was the first time he was hearing about other worlds.


 “Mecha... you can think of it as a puppet, or a suit of armor. A human stays inside and manipulates it to unleash immense battle strength.” Thieving Heaven’s will explained vaguely.


 ...


 A moment later, another scene appeared.


 Within Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable held Giant Sun’s true inheritance, looking at it as he sighed deeply: “This possession method can extend lifespan, but possessing a body using the soul is only a desperate method, death is still unavoidable. To extend one’s life, lifespan Gu is the best option. The path of a Gu Immortal is filled with calamities and tribulations, it is hard for the body to resist them, and it is hard for the soul to exist independently, the maintenance of longevity means the defiance of heaven... it is hard, hard, hard!


 “Giant Sun, oh Giant Sun, even if you created Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and attempted to plunder the lifespan Gu in Northern Plains. But heaven’s will is vicious, fewer and fewer lifespan Gu are being produced, even if you obtain all of the lifespan Gu in the world, so what?”


 “Heaven’s will dictates the production of lifespan Gu. To live a long life, the crucial thing is heaven’s will.”


 ...


 At the river of time.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable stood in the air, looking at a red lotus that was floating on the river’s surface.


 His entire body was emitting a thick darkness that was corroding the red lotus.


 Eventually, after exerting all his efforts, he successfully left a ghost face on the surface of the red lotus.


 “Throughout history, the most mysterious Red Lotus Demon Venerable...” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable sighed, his face was full of fatigue as his eyes shined brightly: “I want to know, why did you purposely stop and leave behind the heavily injured fate Immortal Gu?”


 A long time passed.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s expression was mixed with shock and bafflement.


 He muttered.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable truly made a deep scheme!”


 “So only a complete otherworldly demon can thoroughly destroy fate.”


 “Even Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable is only half an otherworldly demon. He is similar to the immortal killer move soul replacement that I created, his soul is from another world, but his body was born here.”


 “I want to extend my lifespan, I have to defy heaven, and go against heaven’s will. Unfortunately, heaven’s will has no soul, I cannot kill it. Maybe with the help of this Red Lotus true inheritance, I can become half an otherworldly demon...”


 ...


 In a dark secret room.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable sat on the ground, there were countless Gu formations in front of him.


 Inside the Gu formation, there were countless corpses, including men, women, young and old, and all sorts of variant humans.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had disheveled hair now, his hands and body were covered in blood, he was skinny like a skeleton, his eyes were deeply swollen, but they were shining with brilliant light.


 He was staring at a book fixedly.


 >.


 “The Legends of Ren Zu, The Legends of Ren Zu, to think that I only truly comprehended you today. You are an exposition of human path, you are the true inheritance left behind by Ren Zu.”


 “With methods of human path, I can create a completely new body, after soul replacement, I will become half an otherworldly demon!”


 “Maybe not just that, I can still...”


 “It is a pity. It is too late, it is too late! I am heavily injured beyond treatment, death is approaching me.”


 Seeing this, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were deeply in shock.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world, but he actually died from injuries. Who hurt him? Or did he injure himself after testing out human path methods?


 The myriad tribulation grand clear space was still continuing.


 More than half of Spectral Soul’s thousand arms were already chopped off by the jade flying birds. His body was covered in wounds, but he was not resisting at all.



***
Chapter 1016 - Over A Long Time


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 There was another scene.


 Inside the door of life and death.


 In Obsession Death Domain.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had no body, what was displayed was the soul with three heads and a thousand arms.


 He looked at his appearance in the lake, muttering to himself: “Very good. I created a method of soul devouring based on food path, it not only let me return to my peak condition, I could even devour the souls of other Gu Immortals to obtain their memories and cultivation experience over their lives! Hehehe, is this a blessing in disguise...”


 “But from start to finish, I did not find the souls of any other Immortal Venerables or Demon Venerables. I can understand why Star Constellation is not here. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable is not here too, did he return home successfully?”


 “It is time to return to the world of the living. Without Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley obstructing me, it is much easier for me to get out of the door of life and death compared to Ren Zu. But my main body cannot move out yet, I should send out some split souls to pave the way for my main body.”


 “Hmph! When I regain control of the world, I will deal with you.”


 Spectral Soul looked at a special soul. He was sleeping soundly, his body was emitting a golden luster, he was like a sun that had sunken into a lake.


 ...


 In the following scene, there was no Spectral Soul, but seven mortals instead.


 “We can see the light of day again, this is amazing.” Among the seven people, one looked up at the sky.


 “Even though we are now mortals, we have our main body’s cultivation experiences, we can definitely become Gu Immortals.”


 “Due to the obstruction of Reverse Flow River, only seven of us made it out, even though there were ten at the start.”


 “It is going to take some effort to let our main body come out. If anyone finds out, it will be troublesome. They will not sit around and watch.”


 “To play it safe, we should separate and develop in all five regions secretly. We will communicate once in a while.”


 “In that case, why don’t we create an organization to deceive the masses?”


 “That’s true, let’s call it Shadow Sect, we will be as unnoticed as shadows, yet we are everywhere. One day, the entire world will be shrouded in our shadows!”


 “Alright, the seven of us will be called Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Azure, Blue, and Purple. Like seven of the immemorial heavens, we have once stood at the peak, but have now fallen. This is to warn ourselves that we cannot be lazy or complacent!”


 ...


 “Sword Immortal Bo Qing is actually a split soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals cried out.


 Among them, an old woman said in shame: “There is no denying it with the evidence in front of us. My Spirit Affinity House is at fault for failing to investigate properly.”


 “The methods of a Demon Venerable are almost impossible to defend against. Even in Heavenly Court, his split soul spies were lurking here, not to mention Spirit Affinity House. It was fortunate that Tower Lord noticed it and used Heaven Overseeing Tower to expose these shocking secrets, that gave us the chance to stop this terrifying demon!”


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal exclaimed.


 In this situation, even though they could not do anything, Spectral Soul’s condition was not good either.


 Every since grey memory descended, Spectral Soul had been standing still, allowing the myriad tribulation grand clear space to assault him, he was already covered in countless injuries.


 “Azure.” On the ground, Mo Yao’s remnant soul, who was inside Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body, felt deep emotions as she saw the young and handsome Azure in the image.


 Around her, grey fog rumbled as a scene in the depths of her memory was shown.


 All around there were ruins, there were countless mangled corpses lying on the bloody ground.


 There seemed to have been an intense battle earlier.


 “Husband! Don’t die, you cannot die! If you die, how will I live without you?” Mo Yao hugged Sword Immortal Bo Qing as she sobbed helplessly.


 Bo Qing held Mo Yao’s hands weakly: “At this point, I will not conceal it from you. I am from Shadow Sect, I am a split soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. You loved the wrong person, loving me will only cause you pain and hardship. Go, leave, if not, it will be too late.”


 Mo Yao’s body shook, she shook her head as she rejected him firmly: “No, I will not go! I don’t care about your identity, I only know that we love each other deeply, that is the most important thing. I don’t care about anything else! If I cannot live together with you, I will die with you!”


 “Oh, oh, oh!” Ying Wu Xie watched from the side, he showed a curious and shocked expression.


 Grey fog rumbled continuously, the scenes around Spectral Soul became more and more chaotic.


 Earlier, it was from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s perspective, but now, they were from the perspectives of seven people.


 These seven only inherited a small portion of his foundation, they had their own difficulties and pains.


 Once in a while, Spectral Soul’s main body would send out more split souls from Obsession Death Domain, traveling through Reverse Flow River.


 This made the scenes even more chaotic now.


 However, the largest image still attracted everyone’s attention the most.


 Six members of Shadow Sect gathered together.


 They were the first batch that had left the door of life and death, they were all immortals now.


 “It was my mistake!” Green spoke: “If I did not ask Azure to teach that unscrupulous merchant in treasure yellow heaven a lesson, Azure would not have fallen into the trap of love and betrayed us, even our main body was exposed!”


 “This is not your fault, Green.” Purple consoled: “These are traps and difficulties created by heaven’s will! Haven’t you all noticed? It was faint when we were still mortals, but as our cultivation level rise, our lives also have become more filled with difficulties, nothing is going smoothly. Anything we do will cause unnecessary consequences, there are problems everywhere.”


 “We have to settle Azure’s matter quickly, otherwise, our main body’s plan will be obstructed!”


 “What should we do? Azure cultivates sword path and his battle strength is the highest. Do we need to gather our strength and jointly eliminate him?”


 “It is possible, but the price is huge, and the risk is high. I have a plan! If it succeeds, we might be able to turn Fairy Mo Yao over to our side.” Purple said slowly.


 “Oh? What plan?”


 Purple smiled: “The reason why Azure fell into the trap of love was because Spirit Affinity House used their signature Immortal Gu, Love. This Gu is rank nine, its might is nigh unstoppable, thus Azure fell prey to it, it is not his fault. After all, his sword path is not complete yet, he cannot resist such attacks.”


 “But coincidentally, I had some enlightenment today, my wisdom path attainment level reached great grandmaster. Because we have been keeping in contact, I have a deep understanding towards Azure’s sword path. After he got into trouble, I have been deducing on how to solve this problem. I deduced an Immortal Gu recipe, it can create wisdom sword Immortal Gu.”


 “Wisdom sword Immortal Gu?”


 Purple nodded: “That’s right, wisdom sword can cut the threads of love, even if this Gu cannot rival rank nine love Gu, in actuality, we just need to cut away the dao marks from love Gu on Azure’s body. We can make it such that Azure obtains a fortuitous encounter and thinks he created this new Immortal Gu recipe himself.”


 “Once he uses it, the love threads on his body will be cut, he will regain his reasoning and become one of us again. Not just that, since Mo Yao still has those love threads, we can use them to turn her over to our side!”


 Purple’s words made everyone overjoyed, they praised.


 “Brilliant! Brilliant plan!”


 “Haha, worthy of a wisdom path Gu Immortal like Purple.”


 ...


 “What?!” Seeing this, immortal zombie Bo Qing, who was on the ground, frowned deeply.


 Mo Yao’s remnant soul, which was inside the body, knew that her lover had created wisdom sword Immortal Gu himself!


 “Then... after that, did Azure deceive my feelings, or did he still love me?” At once, Mo Yao’s remnant soul shook, she was filled with doubts .


 But at this time, another scene was portrayed around Spectral Soul.


 Shadow Sect’s seven immortals gathered.


 “As long as I become a venerable, even without our main body, I can be unrivaled and dominate the world. By then, with such invincible strength, even heaven’s will may not be able to deal with me. At the least, there are still many lifespan Gu in this era.” Azure raised his head, speaking with an arrogant tone.


 “Don’t look down on heaven’s will.” Green said solemnly: “The lesson that we have learned over these years, isn’t it enough?”


 “Purple, you are our advisor, what do you think?” Yellow asked.


 Purple looked at Azure: “After Azure’s first failure, it seems that as long as we prepare amply and deal with any mishaps, there aren’t big problems... how is Fairy Mo Yao?”


 “Hehehe.” Azure laughed coldly: “That silly woman, she is prepared to sacrifice herself for me. She went to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to refine calamity beckoning Immortal Gu. She wants to draw the myriad tribulation over to herself when I undergo the tribulation.”


 Purple shook his head: “Even though Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path is quite innovative, Mo Yao’s method will not succeed. But since she has the intention to do so, why don’t you hand change soul Immortal Gu and that immortal killer move over to her. If you fail the tribulation, as long as your soul is intact, you will still have a foundation, you can start over rapidly again.”


 “Mm. It is better to prepare amply.” Azure nodded expressionlessly.


 ...


 This scene made immortal zombie Bo Qing’s body shake intensely.


 Ying Wu Xie felt something amiss, he quickly said: “Don’t overthink it, this is a myriad tribulation, it might not be real!”


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing did not speak, he was silent as a rock, he clenched his fists as his muscles tensed, his eyes were shut tight.


 ...


 Five of the immortals from Shadow Sect were gathered again.


 “Blue failed. He used his own immortal aperture and fused with the immemorial blue heaven fragment, in order to research heaven’s will, but he has already fallen deep into the dream realm.” Yellow said with deep pain.


 The immortals were silent.


 A long while later, Purple said: “Even though Blue can be saved, I think we should not attempt it hastily. This is a trap left by heaven’s will, in order for our members to get exposed.”


 “Sigh! We can tell after Azure failed his second attempt to ascend to rank nine. The power of that tribulation was more than ten times as much as the first! Evidently, heaven’s will does not want us to become venerables, it is trying to deal with us at all times.”


 “I will not hide it from you, I have recently had a bad feeling. First Azure, then Blue, I am afraid the next one is me.”


 The immortals were shocked, they quickly said: “Purple, don’t overthink it.”


 “I am not overthinking, this is the prediction of a wisdom path Gu Immortal... After I am gone, Gu Immortal Da Li will take over my position. Also, the power of heaven’s will is higher than our estimations, but it is not impossible to deceive. From now on, Shadow Sect will lay low, accumulating our strength in secret, when we perform the heaven defying deed, we should go all out at once, so that heaven’s will has no time to react to our actions.”



***
Chapter 1017 - Deep Scheme


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On a larger image.


 “Green, hurry go!” Yellow grabbed Green’s hand, pulling him outwards.


 “No, I will not leave! It can still be saved, look at the immortal fetus Gu, it is still alive!” Green screamed, struggling: “Let me go, that is my entire life’s work!”


 “You think this explosion is simply an accident? Look at the remaining rank eight immortal materials, take a good look at them!” Yellow called out furiously.


 Green’s body shook, clarity returned to his eyes, he had a realization, his forehead was covered in sweat as he said with lingering fear: “These immortal materials are all full of heaven’s will. That was so close, a moment ago, my sense of reasoning was influenced by heaven’s will. Even after setting up this huge formation and hiding in Northern Plains’ Earth Trench, I was still noticed by it?”


 “Only a complete otherworldly demon can be fully undetected by heaven’s will. Us being discovered is nothing to be discouraged over. Give up on this attempt, we will start over again.” Yellow consoled.


 Green was speechless, looking at the sandy area around him, he nodded solemnly.


 ...


 “I’ve already told you, your deduction is completely wrong, I have nothing to do with Red Lotus’ true inheritances.” Gu Immortal Da Li said helplessly.


 The opposing time path Gu Immortal was shrouded in fog, their appearance could not be seen. Only the red lotus marking on their forehead was visible, bright and red.


 They smiled coldly: “I used the time path method in Red Lotus’ true inheritance to deduce, how can that be wrong? Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s next true inheritance is with you.”


 Da Li was silently before replying: “There is nothing else to say, let’s fight!”


 Saying this, he charged ahead.


 “You finally stopped evading!” The mysterious Gu Immortal was filled with intent to fight.


 After a long battle.


 Gu Immortal Da Li could not defeat the other party, he was suppressed by the Immortal Gu House, Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.


 ...


 The myriad tribulation grand clear space finally ended.


 Spectral Soul did not put up any resistance, his entire body was hurt by the countless green birds, his mass had shrunk by one third.


 At the same time, Heaven Overseeing Tower was prepared to strike, it seemed to be close to getting out of its phantom form.


 The surrounding grey fog had dissipated by half.


 This meant that the myriad tribulation, grey memory, was already half over.


 But the tribulations from the sky still continued!


 Another myriad tribulation was gathering on top of Spectral Soul’s head.


 It seemed that as long as Spectral Soul was still alive, heaven’s will would not let him off!


 Myriad tribulation — Dark Oil Poison.


 From the sky, drops of sticky poisonous oil dripped down.


 The oil seemed to be boiling hot, when they landed on Spectral Soul’s body, there was a sizzling noise as smoke rose.


 The oil entered the wounds created earlier, flowing in and corroding Spectral Soul’s body, an intense process of rotting was occurring inside.


 Soon, the poisonous oil turned from drops to streams, countless streams were raining down from the sky, over the surroundings.


 Spectral Soul’s huge body was bathed in poisonous oil, it was rotting at an observable rate, his body mass was shrinking rapidly.


 But he did not do anything.


 Ying Wu Xie, who was below, had an anxious expression.


 He wanted to call out, but he was in the grand tribulation earth collapse, any movement or intense thinking would cause him to sink further.


 “What is wrong with you guys, both of you are acting like this!” He grumbled, looking at immortal zombie Bo Qing beside him.


 From the start, immortal zombie Bo Qing was like a statue, not moving, it was as if he was dead, he was unmoved by anything outside.


 Thankfully, they were below Spectral Soul’s feet.


 Being covered by Spectral Soul’s body which was above the clouds, the myriad tribulation did not cause any harm to Ying Wu Xie or immortal zombie Bo Qing.


 A very far distance away.


 Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were assisting each other as they escaped.


 Behind them, a group of Southern Border Gu Immortals were chasing them.


 The xenophobia of the five regions’ Gu Immortals was quite strong. Even in the most open Eastern Sea, foreign Gu Immortals did not have an easy time, they were often ostracized and bullied by Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 In the earlier battle, after Hei Lou Lan nearly killed a Southern Border Gu Immortal, the situation became uncontrollable.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals flew into a rage, these Northern Plains outsiders were so arrogant and bullying them, not only did they fight in Southern Border, they injured them. Where did they think they were?


 Thus, the chasing continued, not just that, they even gathered their allies and reinforcements.


 Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were not in good condition to begin with, they were injured. They battle as they retreated, under their skillful movement, they got farther and farther away from Yi Tian Mountain.


 No matter how huge Hei Lou Lan’s ambition was, she did not dare to get close to that place again.


 That was not the stage for rank six Gu Immortals.


 Not even rank sevens, and rank eights also could only be side characters.


 That was a battlefield where Spectral Soul and heaven’s will fought!


 The myriad tribulation dark oil poison had already ended, Spectral Soul was now surrounded by another myriad tribulation.


 This myriad tribulation was unknown, it had broken the limits of historical records.


 It was formless and ethereal, only a mystical aura that could not be perceived was around.


 The aura coiled around him, causing Spectral Soul’s body to explode wherever it went. Spectral Soul was a soul, but it was so condensed it was like material, it was as if it was a soul beast.


 With the explosions caused by the aura, the huge mountainous body vanished, only a framework of it was left, huge pieces of the soul were blasted away.


 In the grey fog, another scene appeared.


 Old Man Yan Shi coughed blood, he held heavenly secret Immortal Gu as he muttered: “So Fang Yuan has Spring Autumn Cicada. No wonder he could refine Fixed Immortal Travel and go to Central Continent’s Hu Immortal blessed land and obtain Dang Hun Mountain. He then destroyed Imperial Court blessed land and caused the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 “Since he is an otherworldly demon who possesses Spring Autumn Cicada, he has clearly escaped fate... hehehe, this can be the best tool against heaven’s will. Fine, I will conceal the tracks of you and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, to prevent others from deducing matters about you.”


 ...


 Qin Bai Sheng secretly watched the immemorial ruin bat as well as the numerous calamities and tribulations in this area.


 This was the time when Dong Fang Chang Fan had undergone possession and was going through tribulation.


 “Dong Fang Chang Fan was merely using possession to revive, but his main body’s aura was perceived by heaven’s will, sending such a terrifying disaster. In the future, when our main body tries to revive, the tribulations would likely be worse!”


 The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie nodded beside him: “We can leave, this test against heaven’s will has ended. Why is Chu Rong not back yet?”


 At this time, Fairy Jiang Yu appeared with a terrible expression: “Chu Rong is dead, the operation to take back Modest Thatched Hut failed!”


 “What happened?” Qin Bai Sheng was mildly shocked: “Chu Rong is a fire path grandmaster with rank seven cultivation level.”


 “It is the inheritor of Three Thatch Demon Immortal.” Fairy Jiang Yu said: “This person was deeply concealed, his methods were ruthless, I almost failed to make it back.”


 “Three Thatch Demon Immortal... Hmph, forget it, we will give up on Modest Thatched Hut. Before the commencement of our crucial plan, we cannot expose our identities over this Immortal Gu House and cause heaven’s will to attack us in advance.” Qin Bai Sheng thought for a moment and said this.


 ...


 Luo Po valley.


 Shadow Sect’s group faced the Central Continent Gu Immortals with grim expressions.


 Qin Bai Sheng stared at Feng Jiu Ge, sighing: “Heaven’s will’s attack is already here. In order to protect the pawn Fang Yuan, Yan Shi concealed his traces. Central Continent’s Gu Immortals investigated Fang Yuan and in following their clues, instead found us.”


 “What do we do?” Fairy Jiang Yu asked.


 “We have no choice but to fight.” Qin Bai Sheng gritted his teeth and said.


 ...


 “Cough, cough, cough...” Old Man Yan Shi coughed continuously, his expression was pale, he was so exhausted that it seemed like he would die from being out of breath.


 “I used heavenly secret Gu and consumed a hundred years of lifespan. But it was worth it, I deduced that Spring Autumn Cicada’s condition is bad, it has already been used.”


 “Seeing that Fang Yuan went to Yi Tian Mountain in advance, he evidently knows about the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. With this, I can deduce that our main body has already failed once, thus, he had to use that Red Lotus true inheritance to make Fang Yuan rebirth, sending him back to the past to change the future. Heh, thankfully, Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six, it is nothing scary.”


 “In that case, Fang Yuan is the best method of measurement. Looking at his future performance, I can deduce even more things.”


 “Would searching his soul directly be easier? Or would it affect the entire situation?”


 ...


 “In accordance to my planning, Bo Qing and Seven Star Child have already slowed down Heavenly Court as much as possible. This result should be a lot better compared to the last time.”


 Old Man Yan Shi sat in the pavilion, looking at the mountain and fog change mysteriously.


 “On Zombie Alliance’s side, the arrangements are set, we can use them as a backup. It would be best to preserve them, sigh, I hope we do not need to use them.”


 “Using the newly obtained lifespan Gu, I have about twenty years left. It is time to die. It is natural for my split soul to return to the main body. But before dying, I should help the main body deduce the tribulations of the following heaven defying plan.”


 A moment later.


 “Cough, cough, cough, I didn’t die? This means that I have already deduced all of the tribulations? No, it is because every wisdom path advisor of Shadow Sect, from generation after generation, had been deducing all along, we finally accumulated enough foundation to create a qualitative change!”


 “Hehehe, this is so ironic. Using heavenly secret Immortal Gu as the core, the wisdom path killer move created can deduce the contents of the tribulations. But this Immortal Gu was created by Paradise Earth. He had tried to get rid of the main body’s influence all his life, to think that after dying, he actually provided us such huge help.”


 ...


 Seeing this, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were shocked beyond words.


 It turned out that Shadow Sect had already deduced the tribulations! That meant it was very suspicious that Spectral Soul was not moving inside the myriad tribulations.


 The mysterious myriad tribulation had gone away, the next myriad tribulation descended.


 Vine dragon tribulation!


 Countless green vines with sharp thorns shot out from the sky and ground, coiling around Spectral Soul’s body.


 Soon, millions of vines surrounded Spectral Soul tightly, forming a huge ball.


 They coiled around him relentlessly, becoming tighter and tighter, stabbing into his body and using the Demon Venerable’s soul as their nutrients!


 “Something is wrong! Something is wrong!”


 “He is doing this on purpose, look at that ten extreme formation!”


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals shifted their gazes around as they came to realizations.


 Because Shadow Sect had deduced the tribulations, they could make arrangements around them.


 Spectral Soul purposely did not put up resistance because he wanted to fuse his soul path foundation into this formation, as the nutrients for this formation.


 “What is he trying to refine? He actually used his own demonic soul as Gu refinement material!”


 “Not just that, with so many myriad tribulations around him, they are actually carving space path, poison path, qi path, and wood path dao marks on his body, to destroy his soul path dao marks. They could harm Spectral Soul because these dao marks were not weaker than the soul path foundation that he had accumulated for the last hundred thousand years!”


 Gasp...


 Sensing this, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals drew in deep and chilling breaths.


 It seemed that Spectral Soul was not only refining himself, he was even using the power of the myriad tribulations to achieve his goals.


 But what was his goal?


 The ten extreme formation was at the final juncture. In the dark fog, the ball of light was becoming brighter and rounder.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 He had a determined expression, he said solemnly: “We cannot go on like this, we have to ruin Spectral Soul’s scheme! No matter what he is refining, we have to destroy this ten extreme formation.”


 “But we are in phantom form.”


 “No, we have one chance to retaliate. This is something that generation after generation of Heaven Overseeing Tower Lords have created after researching. It has always been kept as a confidential secret!” Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord said.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals heard this and were joyful and surprised: “Why don’t you use it?”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord smiled bitterly, he told them the price for using it.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals fell into deathly silence.



***
Chapter 1018 - Narrow Victory


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A moment later, someone stepped up: “Since Shadow Sect can make sacrifices, why can’t we of Heavenly Court do the same? I am willing to stay behind and manipulate Heaven Overseeing Tower!”


 “I am willing too.”


 “Giving up this body to slay a Demon Venerable, what reason is there not to?”


 More and more Gu Immortals stood up.


 Of course, there were Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who had other opinions.


 “In my opinion, the urgent matter now is to find out what Spectral Soul is trying to refine.”


 “The matter is not desperate yet, we should preserve our strength until absolutely necessary.”


 “Back then, when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was still alive, he could not take down Heavenly Court. Now that he is dead, he is weaker than during life, what should Heavenly Court fear?”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord waved his hand: “I have decided, those who want to stay will come with me to activate Heaven Overseeing Tower. As for the rest of you, I will send you to white heaven. Regardless of victory or defeat, you have to gather the remains of the Immortal Gu House and return to Heavenly Court.”


 After saying this, Heavenly Court’s members came to an agreement.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower shot out a bright light towards the sky, before a beam of light descended from the sky, covering the entirety of Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Spectral Soul was startled, he tried to control Heaven Overseeing Tower, preventing it from getting out of its phantom form.


 But Heaven Overseeing Tower was not being manipulated to get out of its phantom form, in fact, its final attack required it to stay in phantom form the entire time.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord’s voice resounded over the surroundings: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, I will show you the newest and most powerful attack of Heaven Overseeing Tower!”


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, the surrounding scenery had a subtle change.


 The myriad tribulation, vine dragon, was coiling around Spectral Soul’s body, but now, under the control of Heaven Overseeing Tower, it changed targets and attacked the ten extreme formation instead.


 Spectral Soul’s expression changed.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower’s attack was beyond his expectations. Even though he had planned for tens of thousands of years, and deduced it countless times, expending the lives of many generations of wisdom path Gu Immortals. His entire plan had been deduced and refined, deduced and perfected.


 But he did not deduce that Heaven Overseeing Tower had a method to manipulate the myriad tribulation directly!


 What sort of method was this?


 An intense aura burst out, Spectral Soul stopped being motionless, he quickly used his methods to resist the attacks of the countless vines.


 He had experienced many myriad tribulations, to complete the mysterious Immortal Gu in the ten extreme formation, his battle strength had already been severely lowered.


 But right now, he attacked at full strength, his demonic might was overwhelming, it gave off an unstoppable feeling.


 Even though more than half of the soul path dao marks on his body were gone, he was still shining with the light of dao marks, they were bright and numerous like the stars in the sky.


 An unimaginable clash!


 One side controlled the myriad tribulation to attack, while the other’s soul changed into countless forms to defend against the vines.


 Even though he was alone, even though he only had his soul left, Spectral Soul showed incredible capabilities in battle that almost resembled a miracle!


 He blocked all of the vine dragons coming his way.


 The ten extreme formation was tightly defended by him, nothing could go through.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower, still in phantom form, was disassembling.


 The speed got faster and faster, the countless mortal Gu and Immortal Gu that formed Heaven Overseeing Tower were facing destruction every minute and second.


 In Heaven Overseeing Tower, every few breaths of time, one rank eight Heavenly Court Gu Immortal died, sacrificing themselves.


 In order to control the myriad tribulation, Heavenly Court had paid a huge price!


 The same went for Spectral Soul.


 His main body was already heavily injured, to resist the vine dragon myriad tribulation, his soul was diminishing rapidly, it was as fast as a deflating balloon.


 The aura that was all over the place had weakened. His overwhelming demonic might seemed to have turned from a forest fire to a pile of bonfire.


 “Spectral Soul, you transgress against heaven, you will die like a dog!” Before dying, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord shouted his final curse.


 Around him, all of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were dead.


 With a loud bang.


 The remaining half of Heaven Overseeing Tower broke apart, turning into countless fragments.


 The fragments turned back into mortal Gu and Immortal Gu, following the beam of light, penetrating the heavenly wind qi wall to go deep into white heaven.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who were left behind to guard white heaven rapidly moved and collected the Immortal Gu. Most importantly, they had to retrieve fate Immortal Gu.


 Spectral Soul’s body had shrunk from thousands of meters to hundreds, until he was only a handful of meters tall.


 Not only that, his soul was no longer condensed, it was very translucent, it swayed with the wind, his aura was very weak.


 The grand tribulation earth collapse dissipated at this moment.


 A bright sword light flashed in the sky, immortal zombie Bo Qing had already flown towards Spectral Soul.


 Mo Yao’s remnant soul inside the body screamed: “Spectral Soul! Return my husband to me!!”


 Spectral Soul’s gaze was fixed upon the ten extreme formation. The dark fog in the ten extreme formation was gone, all of the ten extreme immortal zombies were sacrificed, only one round ball was left, shining in the light of nine different colors.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing moved closer: “You promised me you will revive him!”


 Spectral Soul turned around, gazing at immortal zombie Bo Qing’s face: “The split soul that created Bo Qing was already destroyed in the myriad tribulation. With the split soul lost, how can I revive him?”


 “You lied to me?!” Immortal zombie Bo Qing clenched his fists, a dangerous light was shining in his eyes.


 “Of course I did not lie to you. I am Bo Qing’s main body, when I revive, Bo Qing will naturally revive as well. When I dominate the world, it would also mean that Bo Qing has attained rank nine cultivation level. Isn’t this what you were hoping for?” Spectral Soul said slowly.


 “Old scumbag!” Immortal zombie Bo Qing was furious, he attacked Spectral Soul.


 But the sword light had just shone and vanished instantly.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing floated in front of Spectral Soul, unable to move.


 “You are my final obstacle? Hehehe, it is a pity. If Yan Shi did not remind me earlier, you might have caused me trouble. But now... hehe. Did you forget that all of your sword path Immortal Gu have my will in them, did you also forget who was the one feeding them over these years?”


 Spectral Soul spoke coldly, he paused before continuing: “Now, I will give you one final chance. Kill them, and repent for your act of betrayal.”


 ‘Them’ naturally meant the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals in white heaven.


 Spit.


 “Hmph, foolish woman.”


 At the next moment, Mo Yao’s remnant soul was pulled out, devoured by Spectral Soul in one mouthful.


 After swallowing this remnant soul, Spectral Soul’s body condensed slightly.


 “Wu Xie, you will defend me, I only need a little over ten breaths of time to succeed!” Spectral Soul said as he shrunk to the size of a child.


 “Yes.” Ying Wu Xie flew up, standing beside Spectral Soul, looking around alertly.


 The beam of light that penetrated the heavenly wind qi wall was gone.


 “We have no chances left.” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals sighed, they retrieved the remaining Immortal Gu from Heaven Overseeing Tower as they retreated.


 Spectral Soul touched this newly refined Immortal Gu, with his eyes filled with emotions.


 “After plotting for tens of thousands of years, after so much planning and painstaking efforts, I finally succeeded in refining this rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu. With this Immortal Gu, I can surpass all of the venerables in history, I can obtain the body of an otherworldly demon, reaching an unsurpassed realm that nobody has ever seen! All other Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables in history will not be my match, even if Ren Zu resurrects, he will be inferior to me! Hahaha...”


 Spectral Soul raised his head and laughed.


 In his laughter, there was insanity, relief, pride, arrogance, and venting...


 Wind blew, as Spectral Soul swayed in the wind.


 He almost had used up his full strength, if he did not devour Mo Yao’s remnant soul, he might not even be able to keep his form.


 The laughter stopped.


 Spectral Soul squinted, having an eerie gaze: “The closer I am towards the end, the more I cannot afford to be careless.”


 The remaining soul path dao marks on him were shining brightly.


 Using his soul, he could undergo surveillance of a very huge radius.


 In white heaven, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had withdrawn, although they left behind many investigative Gu worms.


 Spectral Soul snickered, the light in his soul shined brightly as he spat out a breath of spectral qi towards the sky.


 This spectral qi moved up, penetrating the heavenly wind qi wall and destroying all of the investigative Gu worms left by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, not a single one was left.


 Spectral Soul quickly looked around.


 Soon, he ‘saw’ Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were guarding him.


 Fang Yuan was lying on the ground, his eyelids were trembling, he was about to wake up.


 “He is awake, he is almost awake!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng cried out in joy.


 Hei Lou Lan frowned deeply, looking into the horizon, she said without turning her head: “Then quickly wake him up! Use Fixed Immortal Travel and leave this bloody place.”


 Spectral Soul frowned slightly, but he soon returned to normal.


 Right now, they were a gigantic distance apart. The radius of ten thousand li around Yi Tian Mountain was covered by the myriad tribulations, the entire area looked completely different from before. If Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel, he could only teleport to ten thousand li away from Yi Tian Mountain.


 Furthermore, after he wakes up, he might not take a risk and approach the mountain. Even if he takes a risk, there was already enough time for Spectral Soul!


 After having been enveloped in grand tribulations and myriad tribulations, this entire area was very ‘clean’ now.


 The Gu Immortals who died and the immortal apertures they left behind had all been refined by the ten extreme formation. A small portion were also destroyed by the tribulations. Only life and death blessed land was intentionally preserved.


 “There are no problems left. Eh? No.” Spectral Soul turned his gaze towards Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie blinked several times, looking at his main body.


 “How much lifespan do you have?” Spectral Soul asked.


 Ying Wu Xie answered: “I have fifteen minutes left.”


 “More than enough.” Spectral Soul finally relaxed his mind.


 He could no longer sustain his form, his body faded and condensed into a ball made of soul, it was the size of a face, firmly condensed like it was solid, it floated towards the ball-like sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 During this process, Fang Yuan opened his eyes abruptly.


 “Heaven’s will!” He screamed, he sat up on the ground with a furious and anxious expression.


 “Fang Yuan, you are finally awake.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were overjoyed.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan attacked, striking at the two who saved his life.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were caught unprepared, they were sent flying.


 Fixed Immortal Travel!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan used this rank six Immortal Gu.


 Guh.


 He spat out a mouthful of blood, his body was shaking, the activation of Fixed Immortal Travel failed.


 “Damn it! I must make it in time!!” He gritted his teeth as he thought this, activating Fixed Immortal Travel again.


 Before Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan arrived, he succeeded!


 He was ten thousand li away from Yi Tian Mountain.


 Seeing the entire battlefield that had changed beyond recognition, he was stunned, his entire body and mind froze.


 It was too late!


 Like what Spectral Soul had expected, Fang Yuan could not make it in time.


 But!


 Right when Spectral Soul was about to enter the sovereign immortal fetus Gu, a hand stretched out.


 Ying Wu Xie grabbed Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul was already almost out of strength, before he could react, he heard Ying Wu Xie say four words.


 “Lead soul into dream.”


 “Wha...”


 At the next moment, Spectral Soul fell into a dream realm.


 And Fang Yuan’s soul flew out of Ying Wu Xie’s body!


 Next, he rapidly entered the rank nine Immortal Gu in front of him!!



***
Chapter 1019 - So it was Change Soul


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Let us rewind time back to a while ago.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower floated above Spectral Soul’s head in phantom form. But at this moment, a hundred of Spectral Soul’s strong dark arms shrunk immensely, turning dry, thin and long.


 Obtaining his help, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation underwent a huge change, the scattered dark clouds gathered towards the center.


 At the center of the dark clouds, a round ball could be vaguely seen, it spun on its own, shining with light in fourteen different colors.


 Seeing this, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had an anxious expression, he ordered: “Chop off these arms!”


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was like a rocket, it drew an eye piercing rainbow light in the sky as it slashed forward. The rainbow light cut all of Spectral Soul’s arms off upon contact.


 “Ying Wu Xie, go and deal with Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals!” Immortal zombie Bo Qing called out.


 It was a simple matter for them to deal with Fang Yuan’s side.


 But because of a series of events, they were constantly interrupted.


 Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, he was unwilling to leave at this moment: “Give me a moment to make Fang Yuan sleep first.”


 Saying this, he activated the rank eight immortal killer move — Lead Soul Into Dream.


 Fang Yuan could not dodge, he was dragged into the dream realm.


 At the pavilion in the center of the lake, the music from the zither could be heard.


 Fang Yuan met Star Constellation Immortal Venerable again.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Unravel dream.


 Fang Yuan hurriedly activated his dream path killer move, but the dream realm held firm, all he saw were transparent ripples in his vision.


 His unravel dream might work against the dream realm, but it was only rank six. In contrast, Ying Wu Xie’s killer move was rank eight.


 The difference between the two was too vast, Fang Yuan could not unravel the dream realm.


 At once, Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 The zither music continued, as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled at Fang Yuan gently, she sang with a soft voice.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, he knew that he had lost!


 Deep in the dream realm, his only method, unravel dream, had failed, Fang Yuan could not turn this around.


 But at this time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s singing entered his ears again —


 “Fallen songs and despondent heroes, difficulty in resisting the trials of fate.”


 “Bent swords sink in the sand, rising and falling from ancient times, the rumbling of an unceasing heavenly river.”


 “Alas...”


 “Spectral night carries a soul into endless dreams, where can one rest in peace?”


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless.”


 Along with it, a wave of information once again entered Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan, who was deep inside the dream realm, suddenly jolted!


 “During spring and autumn body and mind shifts, only heaven’s will remains vast and boundless!” At this moment, he finally understood the meaning of this final line.


 As it turned out, the mysterious rank seven Immortal Gu that he had obtained from Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body was change soul Immortal Gu!


 Back then, Mo Yao had activated this change soul Immortal Gu at the critical moment because she was afraid that her lover, Bo Qing, would fail his tribulation. Their souls swapped and she saved Bo Qing, deceiving the entire world in the process.


 Bo Qing also wanted to make use of Mo Yao to pass his tribulation, but he was afraid that the myriad tribulation might affect his mind, thus, he gave this Immortal Gu to Mo Yao, rather than lending it to her.


 Therefore, change soul Immortal Gu was refined by Mo Yao, it was filled with her will.


 Thereafter, Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom and Mo Yao’s fake will to create a Gu formation, containing these Immortal Gu that he deceived while slowly refining them.


 Because of the relationship with Mo Yao’s will, change soul Immortal Gu was the first to be refined by Fang Yuan. As for the other sword path Immortal Gu, they were filled with Bo Qing’s will, thus, they had slower progress, they could not be refined before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, they were still inside Hu Immortal blessed land.


 According to the hint of the final line, it was not possible to use unravel dream to escape anymore. He had to use change soul Immortal Gu, to swap his soul with Ying Wu Xie’s!


 Of course, it was not that simple.


 The information in Fang Yuan’s mind also included an immortal killer move. This immortal killer move not only used the rank seven change soul Immortal Gu as a core, it even included attitude Gu, unravel mystery Immortal Gu, and also a lot of dream path and soul path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan hesitated slightly, before deciding to follow it!


 According to his previous experiences, Fang Yuan knew that the information was highly reliable.


 Most importantly, he had no other choice.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was at his wits’ end, the enemy was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, purely with his foundation and ability, he could do nothing to the other party.


 Only by following the instructions could he obtain any hope of victory.


 Thus, he activated the immortal killer move.


 He succeeded!


 The souls of Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie were secretly swapped.


 Fang Yuan’s soul was originally hit by lead soul into dream and was deep in a dream realm.


 After switching souls, he covertly entered Ying Wu Xie’s Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, while Ying Wu Xie’s soul went into Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body, but he was inside the dream realm in Fang Yuan’s place.


 After switching their souls, Fang Yuan couldn’t help but be stunned for a moment.


 But after seeing ‘himself’, he thought quickly, he placed his hands at his waist, laughing smugly: “Hahaha, this time, why don’t you try and escape?!”


 “Fang Yuan!” Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted.


 But ‘Fang Yuan’ was deep in sleep, he could not be woken up.


 At this moment, immortal zombie Bo Qing raised his hand, preparing to attack Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 He had set an alliance agreement with Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, if he left them in the lurch, he might face a backlash from the alliance agreement. But if he saved them, he might attract suspicion, his identity might be exposed.


 But soon, Fang Yuan realized.


 “I am overthinking it! I have left all my Immortal Gu in my original body, I have no way to stop Bo Qing, even if Ying Wu Xie has many Immortal Gu, lead soul into dream is an immortal killer move, how can I learn to use it so quickly?”


 Fang Yuan could only watch.


 But an unexpected surprise quickly occurred!


 There was a huge suction force from the ground.


 The immortals were caught off guard, they were all sucked into the ground, their legs were deeply buried in the ground, a strong force was restricting them, preventing them from moving.


 Grand tribulation — Earth Collapse!


 Bo Qing and ‘Ying Wu Xie’ were shocked, they did not expect that while the myriad tribulation was dealing with Spectral Soul, there was actually a grand tribulation waiting to ambush them.


 What was even more shocking was that Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and ‘Fang Yuan’ were unaffected by the grand tribulation.


 After landing on the ground, Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng regained their freedom, they could move freely.


 Furthermore, at this moment, the ten extreme formation had created already the mysterious ball, the force that restricted the space around them vanished.


 Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng brought ‘Fang Yuan’ and rapidly retreated, escaping for their lives.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing’s eyes shined with deep killing intent, but he could only watch as they escaped.


 Soon, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and ‘Fang Yuan’ escaped far away, vanishing from Bo Qing’s field of vision.


 “Hmph, Fang Yuan can escape for now, but can he escape for his entire life? As an otherworldly demon, you are the best tool to use against heaven’s will, how can we let you go so easily? As for Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, even though they are not otherworldly demons, they were affected by him and became fate escapees. Even if we do not deal with them, Heavenly Court would eliminate them eventually.” Bo Qing snorted coldly.


 Fang Yuan heard this and quickly thought: “It seems that an otherworldly demon is very useful to Shadow Sect. No wonder Ying Wu Xie only wanted to capture me and not kill me. Strange! That grand tribulation, earth collapse, why did it not affect Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng? Heaven’s will... forget it, the most important matter at hand is to familiarize myself with the dream path Gu worms I have. If I have to attack later and I fail to use lead soul into dream, wouldn’t I get exposed?”


 Fang Yuan took a peek and was shocked to find that he had more than just dream path Immortal Gu! There was also change soul Immortal Gu, attitude Gu, unravel mystery Immortal Gu, and other mortal Gu, they had all been brought over through his soul.


 And this mysterious immortal killer move had another use, it allowed Fang Yuan to use Ying Wu Xie’s Gu worms.


 “It seems that attitude Gu had an important use. It allowed me to disguise myself and deceive Ying Wu Xie’s will that is inside these dream path Immortal Gu and mortal Gu. It is like earlier, when I used Mo Yao’s fake will to coax Immortal Gu out of Bo Qing’s immortal zombie body.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan glanced at immortal zombie Bo Qing again.


 If the other party knew that Ying Wu Xie was already someone else, moreover, he was now the culprit who harmed Bo Qing and took out most of his sword path Immortal Gu, immortal zombie Bo Qing might behead Fang Yuan immediately without saying anything else!


 The situation was still very dangerous.


 Even though they swapped souls and Fang Yuan had escaped from the dream realm, he was currently more fragile than he ever was.


 If he was found out, there would be no hope.


 It was as if he was walking on a tightrope above a valley, if he was careless, he would fall and die with a mangled corpse.


 Fang Yuan gathered his concentration, he immediately moved his limbs, struggling intensely.


 The result was, his body sank deeper and deeper.


 He shouted, acting like he was furious.


 But internally, he felt extremely glad: “This grand tribulation came at a great time. I am stuck in here and cannot escape, I cannot even generate thoughts, thus I cannot attack. If I cannot attack, I will not be exposed. This gives me the opportunity to familiarize myself with these unknown Gu worms!”


 “Stop struggling, stop thinking. It will make our situation worse, we cannot deal with this at the moment.” Immortal zombie Bo Qing, who was beside him, quickly attempted to console him in a calm tone.


 Fang Yuan observed and noticed that Bo Qing was not suspicious, he finally felt slightly relieved.


 He sighed, looking at Spectral Soul: “We can only hope that our main body saves us.”


 But Spectral Soul was also deeply trapped, after the first myriad tribulation, wind lightning prison, the second myriad tribulation, grey memory, descended.


 The grey fog descended at a very slow speed. It was so slow that anyone who was undergoing the tribulation could retaliate in many ways.


 But Spectral Soul did not move.


 He stood quietly, like a solemn mountain.


 “Did our main body get hit already?” Fang Yuan shouted, looking extremely anxious: “This is such a good chance, you have to retaliate!!”


 In his mind, he was thinking about other things, Spectral Soul was restricted now, he was glad to see this. But on the other hand, he was within the range of the myriad tribulation grey memory, he felt some unease.


 The grand tribulation was already unstoppable, if the myriad tribulation descended, how would he survive?



***
Chapter 1020 - Obtain the Greatest Gain!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “The myriad tribulation is coming!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, looking at the grey cloud of fog descending slowly.


 Immortal zombie Bo Qing squinted, his muscles were tense.


 The grey cloud descended, but it caused no harm.


 “What is going on? Is this a harmless myriad tribulation?!” Fang Yuan was nervous, seeing that there was no commotion, he touched all over his body as he cried out in suspicion.


 Bo Qing did not answer him.


 Someone in Heavenly Court quickly recognized this myriad tribulation, grey memory. But Fang Yuan and Mo Yao’s remnant soul did not know it.


 However, soon, Fang Yuan and Mo Yao’s remnant soul obtained some understanding of their own.


 Because after Spectral Soul was shrouded in the grey fog, his memories started to appear in images before them.


 His experiences during childhood, in his youth, during adulthood... all of these experiences were a form of interrogation and torture in regards to Spectral Soul’s heart, he made countless choices that decided his future fate.


 And at the same time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng carried Fang Yuan as he escaped at full speed.


 Hei Lou Lan took a final look at the grey fog in the sky before following after them.


 Inside Fang Yuan’s body, Ying Wu Xie was trapped in the dream realm, he was facing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 He gritted his teeth, shouting maniacally, pouncing towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 However, he did not hit her.


 This was a dream realm, distance was not what it seemed.


 He might seem to be close to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but no matter how many steps he moved forward, his distance with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not change.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable played the zither but did not sing, the music was beautiful, like the sound of a clear mountain spring.


 Compared to Ying Wu Xie’s agitated behavior, it formed a stark contrast.


 “Quickly let me out, quickly let me out. Heaven’s will! You accursed heaven’s will!” He pointed at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as he shouted.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unmoved, she showed neither joy nor rage.


 Ying Wu Xie blinked, he forced himself to calm down, muttering: “Don’t be anxious, I need to stay calm, stay calm. I know everything about lead soul into dream, this dream realm has not manifested externally, it will fade away soon, it cannot contain me forever. Also, the Gu Immortals on Fang Yuan’s side will save me. Once I wake up, I will return and expose Fang Yuan’s identity! Now, I can only hope that Yi Tian Mountain isn’t far away after I wake up!”


 But Ying Wu Xie’s wish was not going to be fulfilled.


 Because next, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan met with some Southern Border Gu Immortals, both sides fought while moving.


 Not only did Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng not have the time to wake up Ying Wu Xie, they even got farther and farther away from Yi Tian Mountain.


 ‘Ying Wu Xie’ and Bo Qing were all immobilized in the ground because of earth collapse.


 Waves of grey fog coiled around immortal zombie Bo Qing as they shined with bright lights, showing constantly changing scenes.


 These were Mo Yao’s memories, as a variant human, she had suffered a fate of being ostracized.


 “Hmph.” Immortal zombie Bo Qing snickered.


 Facing these sad traumas in her life, Mo Yao’s remnant soul showed her strong-willed personality.


 “Strange, why are you unaffected by the grey fog?” Bo Qing looked at Ying Wu Xie, who was beside him.


 Fang Yuan was thinking: “I want to know the answer to this question as well!”


 According to logic, grey memory affected Spectral Soul and Mo Yao’s remnant soul, there was no reason for Fang Yuan to be unaffected.


 But for some reason, nothing happened to Fang Yuan.


 Evidently, this myriad tribulation, grey memory, let Fang Yuan off, he did not get exposed because of it.


 “Don’t tell me this is the manipulation of heaven’s will? Earlier, heaven’s will let Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng be unaffected by the tribulation, did it want them to bring my body and get far away from this place?”


 Fang Yuan had many guesses, but behind these guesses, there was a cold sensation when Fang Yuan thought about them, he felt his hair standing, there were a lot of terrifying implications behind his thoughts.


 But right now, facing immortal zombie Bo Qing’s suspicion, Fang Yuan could only pretend to be ignorant.


 “I don’t know.” Fang Yuan shook his head, he pointed: “Yours is pretty interesting.”


 Bo Qing snorted: “It seems that because you were just born, and only have eighteen hours to live, you had no time to experience these things.”


 Mo Yao’s remnant soul inside immortal zombie Bo Qing did not suspect Fang Yuan, her attention was mostly on Spectral Soul.


 Regarding Spectral Soul’s main body, Mo Yao’s remnant soul was quite worried.


 But next, the grey fog showed that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had obtained the food path true inheritance of the beastman Gu Immortal back during his time.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s nature made Fang Yuan quite shocked.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were in a commotion, but because they were in phantom form, they could not do anything.


 At this time, in the sky, the third myriad tribulation descended — Grand Clear Space!


 Countless green birds slashed at Spectral Soul, the power was terrifying, the expressions of Fang Yuan and Mo Yao changed.


 Next, Fang Yuan saw many scenes in the grey fog.


 Sacred Feather City, Thieving Heaven true inheritance, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the red lotus in the River of Time...


 “So it turned out that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable knew about Sacred Feather City’s location during his lifetime.”


 “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s name was Ben Jie Sun, but even though he was an otherworldly demon like me, he was not from Earth!”


 “Lifespan Gu... it seems that heaven’s will is the greatest restriction of Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables.”


 “Red lotus! Ghost face! When I failed my rebirth last time, it was actually Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who helped me! I understand now, in my previous life, the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was killed, and the ten extreme formation could not be completed, Spectral Soul made use of me to start all over again!”


 “What, > is Ren Zu’s true inheritance?”


 Next, Fang Yuan saw Spectral Soul using the method of soul devouring, but still failed when dealing with the golden soul. He saw seven out of the ten split soul returning to the world of the living.


 Next, combined with the portion of grey memory affecting Mo Yao’s remnant soul, he understood the origin of wisdom sword Immortal Gu, as well as the complex relationship between Bo Qing and Mo Yao.


 “That soul which is sleeping while emitting golden radiance is Verdant Great Sun? The one born from Ren Zu’s right eye in the legend?”


 “Bo Qing is Azure! That Purple is actually Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s master, Purple Mountain True Monarch, whom I randomly named?!”


 “So the truth behind Mo Yao and Bo Qing was like this.”


 “Heaven’s will! So all of those superb immortal materials are filled with heaven’s will, Shadow Sect is wary of them and had to give them up. After obtaining them, they seemed harmless to me. But what about in the future? If I carry these immortal materials around, will I draw the attention of heaven’s will?”


 “So that’s it. A wisdom path Gu Immortal of Shadow Sect, Da Li, was the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie that was suppressed! Everything makes sense now.”


 At this time, the myriad tribulation grand clear space dissipated, while the myriad tribulation dark oil poison descended, attacking Spectral Soul.


 The following scenes made Fang Yuan even more shocked!


 He finally understood that the secret of him having Spring Autumn Cicada had been known by Shadow Sect since long ago.


 Because of Shadow Sect’s help, he was not exposed for so long after the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 In contrast, Shadow Sect’s Qin Bai Sheng and others helped him deal with the problem, engaging in a battle with Feng Jiu Ge.


 Shadow Sect’s strength was incredible, they managed to deduce the tribulations.


 “The secret of rebirth, the fact that I own Spring Autumn Cicada, after this battle, the entire world knows!”


 “Shadow Sect, Spectral Soul, they seem to want to use my otherworldly demon status, but because of a twist of fate, Shadow Sect’s Northern Plains branch was almost completely wiped out. No, in a way, isn’t this showing the power of heaven’s will?”


 “Shadow Sect could deduce all the tribulations, what method did they use? This is simply the ultimate weapon against tribulations!”


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable... he is likely the strongest venerable. During his life, he might have been equal to the other venerables, but using the food path true inheritance, he created the soul devouring method. He could steal the cultivation memories and experiences of others. Thus, he could not raise his attainment level directly like with dream realms, but after so many years of accumulation and development, his attainment level in all other paths, including formation path and wisdom path, are definitely at least great grandmaster! It is not strange that he deduced the tribulations.”


 “In this case, it is too strange that he is not reacting. Could it be that he is doing this on purpose?”


 Dark oil poison and grey memory faded, but the vine dragon tribulation descended soon after.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower began its final struggle, it manipulated the myriad tribulation and directly attacked the ten extreme formation.


 Spectral Soul’s fight to defend it made Fang Yuan, who witnessed everything, tongue-tied. He had once been proud of his battle tactics that were refined over time, but compared to Spectral Soul, it was nothing.


 Eventually, Heaven Overseeing Tower broke apart, Heavenly Court failed, even Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was sacrificed.


 Both sides suffered great losses!


 Spectral Soul’s body was only a handful of meters tall. He was no longer as condensed as previously, his aura was very weak.


 Mo Yao’s remnant soul manipulated the immortal zombie body, flying into the sky and questioning Spectral Soul, but she was wiped out.


 “You are my final obstacle? Hehehe, it is a pity. If Yan Shi did not remind me earlier, you might have caused me trouble. But now... hehe. Did you forget that all of your sword path Immortal Gu have my will in them, did you also forget who was the one feeding them over these years?”


 Spectral Soul’s words made Fang Yuan’s heart jump.


 During this period of time, he had already deciphered many details regarding the immortal killer move lead soul into dream.


 This was thanks to the fact that Ying Wu Xie only had Gu worms that were meant to use lead soul into dream.


 Even though Shadow Sect designed this killer move for him, according to his cultivation level, there were several versions. But Ying Wu Xie had distinctly classified them, he placed a pile for each of their respective Gu worms.


 This allowed him to use the killer move much more efficiently and easily. But at the same time, Fang Yuan could learn about them more easily.


 Fang Yuan understood: “Facing Spectral Soul’s main body, I only have one chance to strike. If I fail once, Spectral Soul will react and I will have no opportunity left!”


 Spectral Soul swallowed Mo Yao’s remnant soul, saying to Fang Yuan: “Wu Xie, defend me. I just need a little over ten breaths of time to succeed!”


 “Yes.” Fang Yuan had a calm mind, he flew up, standing beside Spectral Soul, looking around alertly.


 “We have no chances left.” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals sighed as they retreated.


 “After plotting for tens of thousands of years, after so much planning and painstaking efforts, I finally succeeded in refining this rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu. With this Immortal Gu, I can surpass all of the venerables in history, I can obtain the body of an otherworldly demon, reaching an unsurpassed realm that nobody has ever seen! All other Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables in history will not be my match, even if Ren Zu resurrects, he will be inferior to me! Hahaha...”


 Spectral Soul raised his head and laughed.


 “Sovereign immortal fetus Gu?” Fang Yuan’s heart was moved: “What use does this Gu have, it can allow Spectral Soul to reach a realm where nobody has never gotten to before? Is this realm immortality?”


 “The closer I am towards the end, the more I cannot afford to be careless.” Spectral Soul squinted, investigating carefully.


 Fang Yuan’s heart nearly skipped a beat.


 But in the end, Spectral Soul only spit out some spectral qi and destroyed all of the investigative Gu worms.


 “As expected. The final line of the song indicated the true use of ghostly concealment, it is to prevent the detection of ghosts and souls. Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could take Luo Po valley, Dang Hun Mountain, and travel through the Obsession Death Domain without being restricted by endless souls, it was because of this move!”


 “Thus, Spectral Soul did not suspect me. It seems that Ying Wu Xie’s soul is also his split soul. Only towards himself could he be so trusting without reservations.”


 Next, Fang Yuan witnessed Spectral Soul floating towards the sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan calmed down, he was no longer nervous.


 According to the song, he had to destroy this sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Because Immortal Gu were fragile, he just needed to squeeze it to destroy it. But Spectral Soul, no matter how weak he was, there was an unknown level of risk to deal with him.


 But Fang Yuan was firm and determined, he directly targeted Spectral Soul, snatching sovereign immortal fetus Gu!


 “Lead soul into dream.” He struck.


 He had not comprehended it entirely, this was not a complete immortal killer move, it was inferior to the original rank eight version.


 But right now, Spectral Soul was already weak to his limits.


 Fang Yuan succeeded in one attempt!


 Next, he left Ying Wu Xie’s body, doing the same thing as Spectral Soul, his soul floated towards sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 At this moment, he had finally broken free from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s instructions, he took the fruits of Spectral Soul’s labor, the achievement he had spent countless years and paid an immeasurable price to painstakingly create!



***
Chapter 1021 - Still Not Returning Here?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s soul left the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body, he flew towards this mysterious rank nine Immortal Gu.


 The moment they interacted, Fang Yuan felt an immeasurable suction force.


 This Immortal Gu, named sovereign immortal fetus Gu by Spectral Soul, seemed to be eager for a soul already.


 Fang Yuan’s soul entered it, it was as if he had fallen into the whirlpools of Falling Heavenly River!


 At once, his soul was sucked in by the Immortal Gu, he was blending into it at an unbelievable speed!


 Fang Yuan could not think, he felt that he was inside darkness that was unfathomably deep.


 This darkness was not cold, it was warm.


 It was like he had gone back into his mother’s womb, he was like a fetus inside amniotic fluid.


 And outside.


 After Fang Yuan’s soul entered the rank nine Immortal Gu, the sky rumbled loudly, it seemed furious, but helpless at the same time.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu began to shine brightly.


 First, there was white light, from pale transparent light to pure white light, and finally to thick milky white light.


 Next, there was a hint of red inside the white light. The red quickly spread, turning the light into pale pink, before it turned pinkish red, and finally, bright red like fire.


 After red light, it turned into orange. After orange, it turned into yellow...


 Like the colors of the rainbow, it continued changing, until finally, the light became black.


 Inside the black colored light, sovereign immortal fetus Gu twitched continuously, from the size of a thumb, it expanded to the size of a basin.


 Inside this dark ball, a fetus was shining brightly in rainbow light, it could vaguely be seen.


 Life force was gathering, it was growing and becoming stronger.


 White fog started to surround it.


 The temperature of the surroundings fell rapidly, fog turned into frost, covering the surface of the ball.


 Next, lightning shot out, surrounding the ball, forming a web of lightning.


 Lightning crackled as sparks were created. The sparks fell on the frost and did not extinguish, instead, the frost started burning.


 The frost turned into qi that surrounded the ball.


 Green patterns slowly appeared on the surface of the ball. Soon, they turned from phantom to solid, becoming countless vines and twigs.


 The twigs were wilted, while the leaves were green and lively.


 Soon, fruits began to grow around these leaves.


 These purple fruits emitted a fragrant smell. But the surface of the fruits were very ugly, there were many holes in them, like they were rotten.


 Many changes occurred, they were unimaginable. On the surface, they looked random and abrupt, but if one observed carefully, they seemed to contain the profoundness of heaven and earth.


 As the changes continued to occur, the fetus inside the ball grew larger.


 Eventually, after a total of eighty-one changes, the ball turned into mud, as the fetus inside was at its largest, a baby was formed, stretching his four limbs!


 At once, the ball that surrounded him cracked, the baby was born!


 This baby had a lively expression, his eyes were shining like stars, he had pale and fair skin, his limbs were chubby, his face was rosy, cute and delicate, immortal aura was oozing from him.


 A formless force surrounded his entire body, it protected him from damage, he was safe and sound.


 The baby gradually landed on the ground.


 During this process, he grew rapidly.


 From the time of his birth to when he was two to three years old physically, only a breath of time had passed.


 Four, five, six, seven, eleven, twelve years old... when his legs landed on the ground, he was already a sixteen year old young lad!


 His skin was still white, but it was not pale white, nor a feminine pinkish white, it was a white that was clean and simple.


 His long hair was black and shiny, extending to his waist.


 His body was slightly thin, there was no excess flesh on his entire body.


 The bridge of his nose was high, the most attractive thing were his eyes. The starlight that was shining in his eyes had already become muted, they turned dark and deep like an abyss.


 His lips were quite rich, giving off a rosy and healthy glow. Right now, they were tightly pursed together,showing his mental state of being determined and unwavering.


 This youngster was naturally Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, he opened his eyes, looking at his young body, he was shocked: “An entirely new... body?”


 The body that was created by Spectral Soul and the entirety of Shadow Sect, after countless years of hard work and effort, it was not as simple as it seemed.


 Regarding its traits, Fang Yuan had to explore further.


 But simply at this moment, Fang Yuan’s first feeling was that this body was incomparably suited for his soul.


 In comparison, his previous immortal zombie body was like clothing made from twigs and leaves, and this new body was made with soft silk.


 Everything was different now.


 Fang Yuan felt that he had walked out of the darkness, he saw blue skies and white clouds, his perspective was broadened.


 “This is the use of the sovereign immortal fetus Gu that Spectral Soul had painstakingly created? Revival! And having rank six cultivation level upon revival.”


 Fang Yuan’s Gu Immortal aura was not fake.


 He had made the right gamble!


 Even though he did not know what the use of this Immortal Gu was, seeing Spectral Soul float towards the Immortal Gu personally, Fang Yuan knew he could do the same.


 As he thought about these things, Fang Yuan directed his gaze towards the sky.


 There, Spectral Soul was still in the dream realm. This was within Fang Yuan’s expectations, after all, Spectral Soul’s condition was really terrible.


 And Ying Wu Xie’s body was no longer controlled by Fang Yuan’s soul, it had already shut its eyes, floating in the air, unmoving.


 Fang Yuan called out: “Come back.”


 Instantly, a large number of Gu worms flew out of Ying Wu Xie’s body.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan’s soul had entered the sovereign immortal fetus Gu, all of the Gu worms with him had stayed inside the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body.


 Now, Fang Yuan called out and retrieved these Gu worms.


 Attitude Immortal Gu, unravel mystery Immortal Gu, change soul Immortal Gu, and other soul path and dream path mortal Gu.


 “Ying Wu Xie still has a number of dream path Immortal Gu on his body, how can I retrieve them?” Fang Yuan frowned, feeling troubled.


 He had used Change Soul earlier, using attitude Gu to disguise himself and used the immortal killer move lead soul into dream. Even though he succeeded in affecting Spectral Soul, the wills inside these dream path Gu worms had already reacted, Fang Yuan could not move them anymore.


 “Not only the Immortal Gu in his body, Ying Wu Xie’s body itself has a lot of value for research! Hmm?”


 Fang Yuan suddenly turned around, seeing an immortal zombie approach him with an imposing demeanor.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered, his lips curled into a smile, thinking: “You are finally here.”


 It was himself.


 Or more accurately, it was Ying Wu Xie’s soul, who was manipulating Fang Yuan’s former immortal zombie body.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan had just obtained a new body, he was still adapting, the number of Gu worms with him could not compare to the immortal zombie body.


 But Fang Yuan was not nervous, he waited for Ying Wu Xie to arrive.


 “You are?” Ying Wu Xie hesitated, he slowly approached Fang Yuan, assessing him closely.


 Fang Yuan purposely pretended to be close to him, placing his arms behind his back and saying: “Wu Xie, I have succeeded. Fang Yuan’s soul has already been completely destroyed!”
