

 “No! You are not my main body! If you are, with my relationship as a split soul, how can I feel no connection?” Ying Wu Xie’s eyes shined with bright light, he reacted and exposed Fang Yuan’s true identity.


 “Oh, ghostly concealment became a flaw instead. But if I could use familiar face, I should have been able to deceive him.” Fang Yuan thought while rubbing his chin, he couldn’t help but laugh.


 He was so casual, a confident light flickered in his eyes, as if he was in control of the situation.


 “You are Fang Yuan!” Ying Wu Xie understood, he gritted his teeth until they were making sounds, he was so angry he felt he was burning up!


 His anger was understandable.


 They had worked so hard, planning for countless years before seeing the fruits of their labor. But Fang Yuan actually snatched it from them now.


 Ying Wu Xie shouted loudly, pouncing towards Fang Yuan, he wanted to hack him into a million pieces!


 They were a hundred steps away from each other, Fang Yuan showed a smile like his scheme had succeeded: “Ying Wu Xie, don’t you find it strange? Fixed Immortal Travel is my Immortal Gu, how could you activate it?”


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression froze.


 Back then, he was anxious and used it subconsciously, he did not consider that point!


 Now that he was reminded by Fang Yuan, he knew something was amiss, his momentum was interrupted.


 “You could use Fixed Immortal Travel because I lent it to you. I wanted you to rush here. Most of my accumulations are still in this body.” Fang Yuan said.


 Since he knew that he was going to change souls with Ying Wu Xie, with his personality and methods, why would he not set up some arrangements?


 Firstly, Fang Yuan concealed a huge amount of his fake will inside his mind.


 Because of this, when Ying Wu Xie woke up, he wanted to rush back and ignored many things that did not seem right.


 This was like what Mo Yao’s fake will did to Fang Yuan in Imperial Court blessed land.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan injected some special will into his Gu worms.


 What were special wills?


 In Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had left behind a vast number of special wills. He set up some specific situations and they would activate accordingly.


 Just like now.


 Fang Yuan looked at Ying Wu Xie approaching, as the smile on his face grew, he called out: “Still not returning here?”


 Swoosh!


 A large number of Gu worms flew out, they were mostly mortal Gu, but there were Immortal Gu mixed in them.


 Like birds flying back to their nests, they entered Fang Yuan’s embrace.


 Ying Wu Xie stared with wide opened eyes, immensely shocked.


 At that moment, he was all alone, without anything at his disposal. In his body, only Spring Autumn Cicada was left, and he could not activate it.


 The situation on both sides flipped!


 Fang Yuan’s arrangement was like this.


 As long as Ying Wu Xie brought Fang Yuan’s body back to Yi Tian Mountain, and heard someone call out ‘still not returning here?’, these Gu worms would fly out and go to that person.


 These Gu worms were originally Fang Yuan’s, now that they returned, they could be used at will, just like before.


 Back then, Fang Yuan did not know about the use of sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he could not predict that he would revive and obtain a new body.


 He was worried that it might not be appropriate for him to use Ying Wu Xie’s Gu worms, unexpected surprises could easily occur. He needed his own Gu worms to increase his battle strength at the crucial moment!


 Of course, the special will that Fang Yuan injected was not so simple.


 Once the time limit was exceeded, these Gu worms, no matter if they were mortal or immortal, would self destruct!


 Enemies were often the best teachers. Fang Yuan had suffered under the influence of Mo Yao’s fake will and Giant Sun’s special will, how could he not learn from them?


 Waving his hand, Fang Yuan easily sent Ying Wu Xie flying.


 “Everything is over.” He walked to Ying Wu Xie, looking at the ‘Fang Yuan’ in front of him, he sighed with complex emotions.


 Ying Wu Xie felt like he was in an icy river, he was chilled to the bones!



***
Chapter 1022 - It was all Heavens Will


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Book 5: Demon King’s Domination


 “Everything is over.” Looking at Ying Wu Xie under his feet, Fang Yuan sighed.


 After realizing he himself had fallen to a scheme, Ying Wu Xie’s heart was filled with ice-cold despair, he gave up completely.


 He knew he was thoroughly defeated and had no chance of turning around the situation.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment!


 Bam.


 A soft explosion erupted, Ying Wu Xie’s soul, as well as Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body, had instantly self-detonated.


 The immortal zombie body’s dao marks, as well as Ying Wu Xie’s soul, turned into fuel for Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Spring Autumn Cicada activated!


 A light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Spring Autumn Cicada once again entered the River of Time.


 Fang Yuan was pale with shock!


 “What’s going on? What the hell is going on! Spring Autumn Cicada is filled with my special will, how could it be activated by Ying Wu Xie?”


 “No! Based on his expression, he already had no more will to resist. How could he activate my Spring Autumn Cicada?! Could it be that he was only acting?”


 “Spring Autumn Cicada is my possession, I took extra precautions with the special will as well, how could it be activated by Ying Wu Xie?”


 Fang Yuan was filled with shock and fright, as well as questions.


 The questions he had puzzled him.


 Standing on the same spot, Fang Yuan did not move, like a stone statue.


 The change had occurred too suddenly.


 Soon, his forehead was filled with cold sweat.


 “What to do? What can I do?!”


 Fang Yuan had used Spring Autumn Cicada to turn around many situations, making comebacks and escaping from multiple dangerous scenarios.


 However, at this moment, facing someone else using Spring Autumn Cicada, he found that he had no method to deal with it!


 His time path accumulation was indeed too weak.


 Without Spring Autumn Cicada, he almost had no foundation in this aspect.


 “Did I miscalculate? What else is there that I did not consider?” Fang Yuan squinted, a drop of cold sweat slipping down from his forehead to his eyes, and then down across his face.


 Unable to find any answers, Fang Yuan shook his head and sighed.


 “Nothing can be done about it, I already did my utmost.”


 If Fang Yuan had not switched souls according to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s instructions, he would have utterly lost, with no chance to make a comeback. He simply could not have reached his current position.


 “Could it be that because I did not follow Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s intention to destroy sovereign immortal fetus Gu, this change occurred?”


 “Spring Autumn Cicada has not recovered, its activation now can only result in death!”


 “No, that’s not right!”


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought of a remaining arrangement created by Shadow Sect.


 That was the ghost face and the red lotus in the River of Time.


 In an instant, a chill spread all over his body and his hair stood on end.


 “Be prepared for the worst in every situation. If he succeeds in rebirth, what change will occur on my end?” Right as Fang Yuan was thinking, he felt his vision starting to turn blurry.


 No, it was not his vision turning blurry.


 It was the whole world turning blurry under the strength of time path.


 Because of Ying Wu Xie’s rebirth, everything was changing!


 Whoosh!


 Ying Wu Xie quickly reacted, exclaiming in shock: “This, this is the River of Time? How could this be! How did the Spring Autumn Cicada activate? How can my consciousness replace Fang Yuan’s consciousness in the Spring Autumn Cicada?”


 He had no fewer questions than Fang Yuan.


 Although he was the person concerned, he had reached the River of Time without knowing anything about how it happened.


 In the River of Time, waves surged.


 A huge wave ruthlessly crashed towards Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Ying Wu Xie’s will immediately became panicked, screaming in fear! Spring Autumn Cicada was extremely weak, if it was struck by this wave, it had no possibility of surviving!


 “Sigh... so it was like this.”


 A sigh emerged during this moment of crisis.


 From the River of Time floated out a ghost face. Its expression was bitter as it opened its mouth wide and spat out a red lotus.


 The red lotus opened up and obstructed the fatal wave.


 Afterwards, a formless suction force carried Spring Autumn Cicada, which contained Ying Wu Xie’s will, to the center of the red lotus.


 In an instant, Ying Wu Xie’s will had entered a dark red space.


 In this space, another will in Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s appearance was sitting cross-legged in mid-air, smiling bitterly at him.


 “Our main body actually left you behind as a last resort in the River of Time?” Ying Wu Xie’s will was stunned for a moment before he immediately asked joyfully.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s will nodded, then shook his head: “You can also be considered a split soul of the main body, you should have remembered me. But unfortunately, because of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, your memories dissipated.”


 “Sigh! Nothing can be done about it, you think I was willing?” Ying Wu Xie was extremely anxious: “Also, what is going on? I had been schemed against by Fang Yuan and landed in his hands, I thought my death was certain. Why would I appear in the River of Time? Also, I clearly did not use Spring Autumn Cicada, so why did it suddenly activate?”


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s will heaved a long sigh: “I watched the whole series of events from inside this Red Lotus true inheritance, and just came to a realization. You could enter here because heaven’s will helped you. Spring Autumn Cicada was also activated by heaven’s will.”


 “What?!” Ying Wu Xie almost collapsed from shock.


 This was beyond his wildest imagination.


 If it were not the genuine will of Spectral Soul in front of him, Ying Wu Xie would absolutely not have believed this fact.


 “Hasn’t heaven’s will always been making difficulties for us? How could it suddenly help us?” Ying Wu Xie asked.


 “Your memories have already completely dissipated, you lack my knowledge. Heaven’s will never made things difficult for us out of dislike. It also never helped us out of pity. The way of heaven is to be impartial, it is to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits. So all things are in balance and mutually restrict each other. As such, almost all fierce beasts have their natural enemies, and even rank nine venerables have limited lifespan.”


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s will paused for a moment before continuing: “And the way of humans is exactly the opposite of the way of heaven, it is to reduce the deficits and build up the surpluses. An expert will want to become even stronger. The rich would want to become richer. A beauty would want to become more beautiful. Those who have found longevity will want to obtain eternal life. Human avarice knows no bound, it will never be satisfied and is opposed to heaven’s will.”


 “I understand a little now. Heaven’s will helped me because I failed. Fang Yuan has become a complete otherworldly demon and has already broken free of restrictions. If he is left unchecked, it will greatly damage the balance of heaven and earth. So heaven’s will shifted its target and wants to use me to deal with him and not let his plan succeed. But how could heaven’s will activate Spring Autumn Cicada? This Immortal Gu is clearly refined by Fang Yuan.” Ying Wu Xie was puzzled about this.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s will replied: “Sigh! This is an action by heaven’s will. I also realized it just earlier. When Fang Yuan obtained Spring Autumn Cicada, it was all arranged by heaven’s will. Heaven’s will had already chosen him as a tool, letting him rebirth and destroy our main body’s plan!”


 “Now that I think about the information given by Bai Ning Bing earlier, a place where Fang Yuan performed particularly out of the ordinary was at Qing Mao Mountain. Although his aptitude was not good, his path had been smooth sailing, and at every urgent moment, he would make the wisest choice, obtaining the greatest benefits. Qing Mao Mountain, Three Kings blessed land, Imperial Court blessed land, Yi Tian Mountain... all along the way, he clearly has not used Spring Autumn Cicada just once.”


 “Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six, it has a failure rate. But he actually succeeded time after time. Besides the previous time where we helped him, he did not fail even once in all his other attempts! And bear in mind that Spring Autumn Cicada lowers his luck. This is probably all because heaven’s will was helping him in secret, which allowed him to rise from a mortal to a Gu Immortal in a handful of years, causing him to draw the attention of our main body and be chosen as a tool to deal with heaven’s will.”


 Ying Wu Xie was gobsmacked: “Wait, wait, you are saying...”


 Spectral Soul’s will nodded: “Right! This time, our main body failed primarily because of Fang Yuan. Our main body wanted to use Fang Yuan as a tool. But in fact, Fang Yuan was already a tool of heaven’s will.”


 “Regardless of how many times Fang Yuan underwent rebirth, before his first rebirth, our main body had likely already succeeded. Not only did we refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, we might have even reached a heaven defying level! Precisely because of this, heaven’s will did not stint on helping Fang Yuan, letting him rebirth and arrive in the past to destroy our main body’s plan.”


 “Fang Yuan is quite an interesting character. He is an otherworldly demon, so he has the qualifications to rebirth and change the past. Ordinary people, no matter how superior they are, cannot escape the decree of fate. However, he is not a complete otherworldly demon, so he could still be influenced and manipulated by heaven’s will. He thought he was the one to refine Spring Autumn Cicada and use it, but in fact that was never the case. This trump card, Spring Autumn Cicada, was already infused with heaven’s will. It is clear this arrangement had already started the moment Fang Yuan obtained Spring Autumn Cicada. But he was deceived by heaven’s will and never felt anything wrong. After all, Spring Autumn Cicada can only carry a portion of will when traveling to the past. And wills are inferior to souls, they can very easily be influenced. It is like right now, I want to impart all my memories and knowledge to you, but unfortunately your will can only bear very little.”


 For a moment, Ying Wu Xie’s mouth was wide open, unable to say anything!


 The waves of the River of Time unceasingly crashed against the red lotus.


 Petals scattered along with the waves.


 Soon, only the innermost center of the flower was remaining.


 “You don’t have much time.” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s will sighed and continued.


 “Fang Yuan is an otherworldly demon, heaven’s will tried to influence him as much as possible, but in the end, he followed his own mind’s inner desires and chose to seize sovereign immortal fetus Gu, instead of destroying it.”


 “As such, he is like a chess piece who no longer is restricted by the rules of chess. Heaven’s will naturally would not tolerate such an existence, so it activated Spring Autumn Cicada to use you in the process of dealing with Fang Yuan.”


 “But heaven’s will is not going to let you regain sovereign immortal fetus Gu after you rebirth. So, after you rebirth, you would likely not have any easy opportunities to change the overall situation, don’t be impatient and ruin this final chance.”


 Ying Wu Xie asked: “Then what should I do?”


 “Now, Zombie Alliance is already annihilated, Shadow Sect is also destroyed, even my main body is in a dangerous situation. But Shadow Sect’s immortals have all left behind some arrangements for the future. You can use these to reestablish Shadow Sect.”


 “Fate is hard to defy, but luck can be exploited! The power from Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven can be used. On Central Continent’s side, there are also hidden forces which have not been targeted by the ten great ancient sects...”


 “Your will is limited, knowing this much is already your maximum. Use these to reestablish Shadow Sect and save our main body. Most crucially, you need to inform our main body of this important information. Because when you rebirth, both I and this Red Lotus True inheritance will also change, and I won’t remember these things. At that time, you will be the only person who knows!”


 “Remember, a tall tree is the first to face destruction, soil that is nearest to the water will be the first to be swept away by the currents. Our previous action of hiding and accumulating power to deal with heaven’s will was correct. Since we succeeded once, then we can succeed a second time! Take care of yourself!”



***
Chapter 1023 - Ying Wu Xie Rebirths


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sound of the wind was blowing intensely, as ‘Fang Yuan’, who was still flying, jolted to awareness, he blurted out: “I was reborn!”


 “Spring Autumn Cicada is amazing indeed! Worthy of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu!”


 “What time is it now?”


 Ying Wu Xie stopped moving, he looked around, realizing that he was on the way to Yi Tian Mountain.


 At this moment, he was less than ten thousand li away from his destination.


 “Fang Yuan purposely lent me Fixed Immortal Travel so that I could get to him, he would then take his Gu worms back and obtain victory!”


 “But he did not expect that he was heaven’s will’s tool to begin with, the Spring Autumn Cicada that he had was controlled by heaven’s will all along.”


 “Now that I have been reborn, I know the appearance of Yi Tian Mountain’s scenery clearly. I can use Fixed Immortal Travel to teleport there directly. I can deal with Fang Yuan and take revenge!”


 Thinking of this, Ying Wu Xie shook his head rapidly.


 “Damn it! Fang Yuan’s fake will affected my judgment again.”


 Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth: “Heaven’s will truly has ill intentions, even if I rush over now, Fang Yuan has already used sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he is weakened at most, all I can do is injure him.”


 “What a pity! If I returned to the time when I just escaped from the dream realm, I would be able to turn this around. Hmph, but heaven’s will would not allow that, it does not want to see my main body obtain sovereign immortal fetus Gu.”


 “Since the outcome is already decided, I should follow the instructions of my main body and retreat!”


 “Heaven’s will wants us to fight, how can I let its scheme succeed?”


 “Anyone who can achieve great things must be able to endure the most unbearable things.”


 “I do not need to deal with Fang Yuan, he can draw the attention of heaven’s will. In the future, if he is still alive, I will use him as the material to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu again, I can save a lot of time and effort in that case.”


 “I need to rebuild Shadow Sect, this is definitely not the end! I can make use of Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, but I cannot let them meet Fang Yuan.”


 Since he knew about the fake will, he was on guard against it, Ying Wu Xie escaped from Fang Yuan’s scheme.


 He took a final look at Yi Tian Mountain, anger, hatred, and anticipation were flickering in his eyes.


 At this distance, he could see that Yi Tian Mountain was in rubble. The despicable thief Fang Yuan, the one who took the fruits of his labor, was definitely still there!


 But he could not go there now.


 The most important thing was the big picture.


 Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, turning around and leaving.


 “Why has Ying Wu Xie not come here yet?” Fang Yuan waited for a long time, his heart sank to rock bottom.


 “This means he saw through my arrangements and left my control?”


 Fang Yuan was frowning deeper.


 Although he did not know what happened, he did not know the truth of Spring Autumn Cicada with the memories of the previous life gone, but Fang Yuan knew one thing clearly: He was in quite a pinch.


 “If Ying Wu Xie does not come here, the special will that I placed in my Gu worms will not activate. After the time limit, these Gu worms will self detonate! I need to get to Ying Wu Xie as soon as possible, suppressing or convincing Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan to subdue him with me.”


 Fang Yuan still had attitude Gu, this was the best evidence to convince Hei Lou Lan.


 As for Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it was even easier. After spending so much time together, he just needed to reveal some details to convince him.


 Fang Yuan inspected his Gu worms.


 He had regained control of the Gu worms that he brought after using Change Soul.


 The highest ranking one was the legendary attitude Immortal Gu. Other than that, he had the wisdom path Immortal Gu Unravel Mystery, and the soul path Immortal Gu Change Soul.


 As for the others, they were all dream path and soul path mortal Gu, they were not worth mentioning.


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


 Among them, there was no movement type Gu worm!


 “Do I need to chase after Ying Wu Xie, who has Fixed Immortal Travel, on foot? Or maybe I can subdue the dream path Gu worms on Ying Wu Xie’s body first? These Gu worms include movement type Gu worms.”


 But inside these Gu, there was none of Fang Yuan’s will. Thus, Fang Yuan could not subdue them easily like Unravel Mystery and Change Soul.


 To use them, he might need to use attitude Gu to deceive them.


 But he had already deceived them once, Fang Yuan felt little confidence in succeeding a second time.


 “But I have no choice, I must try.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan subconsciously raised his head, looking at Ying Wu Xie’s body in the sky.


 He did not expect that this was the last time he was seeing Ying Wu Xie’s body!


 At the next moment, Ying Wu Xie’s body self-destructed.


 There was no sound.


 This was a silent explosion.


 The result of the explosion was not bloody, it was beautiful and dazzling.


 The entirety of Ying Wu Xie’s body turned into layers of dazzling lights.


 These beautiful lights were shining in the colors of the rainbow, they were extremely beautiful.


 But looking at this beautiful sight, Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he quickly retreated, getting some distance from it.


 Because he recognized this was a dream realm!


 This dream realm had manifested externally, it was unfathomably deep, forming right in front of him.


 “Did this happen because I used lead soul into dream on Spectral Soul? No, definitely not. All of a sudden, why did Ying Wu Xie’s body self-detonate? And it turned into a dream realm?”


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.


 He did not know that Ying Wu Xie’s lifespan was only eighteen hours. During the eighteen hours, Ying Wu Xie turned from a mortal into a rank one, rank two, three, four... seven, and rank eight Gu Immortal. Every two hours, his cultivation level increased by one rank. At the final moment, he would even become a rank nine Gu Immortal.


 But once the eighteen hours was up, he would self-detonate, turning into a dream realm.


 He was born from nothing, he was created using Immortal Gu Become Real, appearing from a dream realm. It was not strange that he turned into a dream realm.


 The dream realm created from his detonation expanded rapidly, spreading out.


 Fang Yuan raced away as fast as he could, he fled for seven hundred li, until he was out of the dream realm’s radius.


 If he was inside the dream realm, he would be in trouble.


 Even though Fang Yuan had unravel mystery Immortal Gu, he did not have enough mortal Gu to use his immortal killer move, unravel dream.


 The dream realm was still spreading, but the speed was decreasing.


 Fang Yuan could only keep retreating, when he was a thousand li away from Yi Tian Mountain, the dream realm stopped expanding.


 In this way, a giant dream realm that stretched a thousand li after manifestation appeared in front of Fang Yuan, filling his vision.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped: “Thankfully, I did not listen to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable at the end and destroy sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Otherwise, my soul would be trapped along with Ying Wu Xie’s body in this giant dream realm until my death?”


 “What do I do now?”


 This change severely disrupted Fang Yuan’s plans.


 Ying Wu Xie’s body was extremely valuable. He had a set of dream path Gu worms and could use the formidable lead soul into dream.


 What Fang Yuan wanted the most was Spectral Soul. Even though he was in bad condition, if he escaped the dream realm and ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands, Fang Yuan could soul search him and obtain lots of secrets, along with a vast amount of cultivation experience.


 And this huge battlefield, even though it was ravaged by myriad tribulations, some Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures might be left behind, at the least, life and death blessed land was still around.


 But now, all of these things were covered by the dream realm.


 Regardless of whether Fang Yuan had unravel dream, even if he could use it, how many years would it take him to unravel this dream realm and get to the center of the battlefield?


 Fang Yuan clenched his fists, looking at the giant dream realm, he sighed helplessly.


 “At this point, there are no other options. I cannot stay here, after such a commotion, Southern Border Gu Immortals are definitely rushing here.”


 Fang Yuan quickly moved according to his memories.


 He chose the direction where Tai Bai Yun Sheng had escaped with his body.


 “Hopefully, my luck is good and I can encounter them.”


 Fang Yuan was not going to succeed.


 He did not know that after encountering some Southern Border Gu Immortals, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan had already changed directions after the intense battle.


 He also did not know that using the advantage of rebirth, Ying Wu Xie had joined up with Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan already.


 “Fang Yuan, you had better explain it properly, otherwise, we will be enemies!” Hei Lou Lan’s expression was dark, she was very rude towards Ying Wu Xie.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly waved his hands: “Calm down! I believe Fang Yuan has his reasons, listen to him.”


 Ying Wu Xie looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan in a sincere manner: “I was too anxious, I was hit by his killer move, I did not just end up in the dream realm. Right now, most of my Gu worms cannot be used, only by killing him can this killer move be undone.”


 “But I saw you use Fixed Immortal Travel! If not for the fact that our locations can be detected with Gu worms, I thought you were abandoning us and left Southern Border yourself!” Hei Lou Lan spoke quickly, demanding imposingly.


 “That was a desperate move that I was forced to use. You also saw that I failed and suffered heavy injuries when I used Fixed Immortal Travel the first time. Furthermore, why would I abandon you? The situation now is filled with danger, we have to stay united to have a bigger chance of survival.” Ying Wu Xie said convincingly.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted, she wanted to continue arguing.


 But Ying Wu Xie stopped her from speaking: “Enough! We will use Fixed Immortal Travel to leave now. My identity is already exposed, Heavenly Court knows already, Hu Immortal blessed land is not safe, we have to transfer the resources inside.”


 Fang Yuan sprinted rapidly.


 He did not use any Gu worms, but he was fast like a charging horse.


 After fifteen minutes of sprinting, he did not feel any fatigue.


 Along the way, he realized joyfully: This body might look pale and tender, but it had incredible defense. During his sprint, none of the tree branches that scraped his body left a mark. The sharp rocks on the ground were crushed when he stepped on them, they were no obstruction to him.


 Furthermore, he had huge strength.


 By just leaping gently, he could jump for ten meters of distance.


 But what made Fang Yuan disappointed was, he did not encounter any traces of Ying Wu Xie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, or Hei Lou Lan wherever he went.



***
Chapter 1024 - Fang Yuan Borrows Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wind blew wildly past him, Fang Yuan traveled across mountains and rivers, even without using Gu worms, his speed was very fast.


 After he left the range of the tribulations, he no longer saw flat plains, instead, there were mountains and forests.


 Southern Border was full of mountains, this was the special characteristic of the region.


 “After running for so long, without any rest, I felt no fatigue at all! Most importantly, I did not even use a single Gu worm.”


 Fang Yuan was starting to feel the uniqueness of this body now.


 A Gu Master’s body, without using Gu worms to modify them like black boar Gu and white boar Gu, was no different to a mortal.


 Precisely because of the dao marks in their bodies, Gu Masters’ bodies become extraordinary, filled with unique specialties.


 “My body was created from the rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu. It seems that the dao marks in me are not few in number. At the least, the number of strength path dao marks surpass my previous body’s accumulation!”


 Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.


 After becoming an immortal zombie, he had also stopped feeling physical fatigue. But if his original body revived, he would definitely need to rest if he tried running like this.


 Fang Yuan ran in the thick forest, he used both his hands and legs to climb cliffs and steep paths.


 Fang Yuan was still naked, he was like a white figure dashing through the thick forest.


 He could see the thick forest clearly in his vision. Even during his sprinting, it was as if time was still, Fang Yuan could easily avoid obstacles.


 “Using a phrase from Earth, this is visual acuity. My visual acuity while moving is superb to the extreme! This is definitely inhuman. My original body could only reach this stage after using Gu worm.”


 Rapidly, Fang Yuan ascended to the peak of this mountain.


 The forest that obscured his vision was gone, his field of vision expanded, he could see everything around him!


 Wind blew as his long hair swayed behind his back.


 Fang Yuan took a couple of deep breaths before settling down, his breathing was regular and relaxed, as if the running earlier did not happen.


 His stamina was unbelievable!


 Mountain winds blew coldly, Fang Yuan was still naked, without being covered up at all, but he felt no chill.


 His heartbeat returned to normal, every time it beat, it was very strong and lively.


 Fang Yuan looked into the distance.


 His vision was very good.


 Looking ten thousand steps away, everything was clear to him.


 Looking around, Fang Yuan’s gaze froze, he stared in focus.


 He saw traces of battle.


 “It seems that Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan carried my body and encountered Gu Immortals here, they had a fight.”


 Fang Yuan jumped down from a mountain peak.


 With a loud bang, he landed on a rock ten meters below.


 He was uninjured.


 Even his legs felt no numbness!


 The rock below him however, was covered in spider web-like cracks.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he began experimenting.


 The distance between him and the ground increased. From ten meters to fifteen meters, to twenty-five meters, and to forty meters.


 Using examples from Earth, fifteen meters was the height of a five storey building. Forty meters was a tall building, a lighthouse.


 He was not at his limit yet, the distance increased to a hundred and sixty meters.


 At this point, Fang Yuan felt his feet turning numb. His guts were huge, several times, he used other areas of his body to land.


 His chest hit the ground, his back hit the ground, he was able to create holes in the mountain rocks.


 Fang Yuan stood up from the holes, completely intact.


 In fact, the numb feeling felt great!


 Breathing in deeply, Fang Yuan jumped down again.


 This time, he was at a hundred and eighty meters.


 This height was not a problem for Fang Yuan, but the point was, he was pointing his head downwards!


 Bam.


 With a loud sound, Fang Yuan’s entire head was buried into the rock.


 Propping himself up, he pulled his head out of the rock.


 The skull was the hardest part of the body, but Fang Yuan felt something.


 His skull was numb, and he felt a little dizzy.


 But this dizziness only lasted for three breaths of time, and it was very mild. With a gust of cool breeze, it was gone.


 Fang Yuan touched his head and inspected his body.


 He was completely intact, he did not even lose a single strand of hair!


 He was good as new.


 Fang Yuan tried to pull his hair, he found out that his hair was very durable, he had to use a lot of strength to pull out one strand.


 This hair was thicker than a normal person’s hair, it was black and shiny, resembling a thin steel wire.


 Pulling it further, it did not break, it was extremely durable.


 Fang Yuan thought it over, he tied this hair around his wrist, turning several rounds before tightening it.


 This hair could not be lost, if someone with ill intentions took it, it was a useful thing for deductions.


 Fang Yuan ran towards the area with traces of battle, while jumping down from mountain cliffs and testing his limits.


 The height continued to increase, from a hundred and eighty meters, he reached two hundred and fifty meters.


 At this point, Fang Yuan felt pain, but it was not unbearable yet.


 Eventually, after three hundred and thirty meters, Fang Yuan stopped his experiment.


 From this height, he could already feel evident pain. The area where he landed on was slightly red, there was a slight bruise.


 “Three hundred and thirty meters is not my body’s limit?” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 This height was terrifying, even the Eiffel Tower on Earth was only three hundred meters tall.


 “With just this body, without using a single defensive Gu, I can reach this level. Even Gu Immortals, with just their bodies alone, it is not common to reach this level, right?”


 “It seems that among the dao marks that I have, there are a lot of defensive properties.”


 Realizing this, Fang Yuan was more assured.


 He had no defensive Immortal Gu now, he only had Unravel Mystery, Change Soul, and attitude Gu.


 Arriving at the location of the battle traces, Fang Yuan squatted down and investigated.


 “It seems to be them.” Soon, Fang Yuan stood up, frowning.


 Without investigative Gu worms, it was very troublesome, Fang Yuan could not be certain.


 But he knew that he had to continue chasing them!


 “There is not much time left.”


 He had no time to check his own abilities, the earlier experiment was only due to convenience, Fang Yuan continued pursuing them.


 Soon, he found the second and third traces of them.


 Fang Yuan followed these traces and slowly changed his direction.


 Battles between Gu Immortals usually happened in the sky. There were few traces left on the ground. And because Fang Yuan could not fly, it was hard for him to track them.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 Suddenly, a figure descended from the sky like a comet.


 With a loud crash, he landed in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fire spread everywhere, burning all of the surrounding trees.


 “Who is it?!” Fang Yuan frowned, his eyes shined as he shouted coldly.


 “I am Huo Kong Dong, did you come from Yi Tian Mountain?” The person was burning in flames, his attitude was not friendly.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned grim, change soul Immortal Gu’s aura burst out as he questioned instead of answering: “You came at a good time, just now when you were flying, did you see any suspicious individuals?”


 Sensing the aura of change soul Immortal Gu, he knew that Fang Yuan was not to be trifled with, his demeanor changed.


 The majority of rank six Gu Immortals did not have Immortal Gu.


 Even though Huo Kong Dong was a lone cultivator, he had already joined Southern Border’s Chai clan.


 Chai clan was a super force, in this battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Chai clan’s Gu Immortals died. Chai clan’s first supreme elder thus sent an external elder, Gu Immortal Huo Kong Dong, to investigate the cause.


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s question, Huo Kong Dong thought in his mind: “Suspicious individuals? You are running around here butt naked in broad daylight, you are the most suspicious one!”


 He was silent briefly before answering: “There is not a single person within a hundred li other than you, sir.”


 “Damn it! Damn it!” Fang Yuan screamed, his expression was twisted and ruthless, he seemed to be bloodthirsty.


 Next, he clenched his fists as he gritted his teeth, speaking to himself: “It seems they have escaped! But even if you escape to the ends of the world, I will find you. I will return this humiliation to you by a hundredfold, a thousandfold!”


 Huo Kong Dong saw Fang Yuan like this and had a guess: “It seems this person is naked because he was plotted against by someone, he lost many Gu worms and suffered a loss. He has a fierce personality and is furious now, I should be careful.”


 Fang Yuan did not explain anything, but Huo Kong Dong had already found an explanation for Fang Yuan in his mind.


 Furthermore, he did not want to provoke Fang Yuan, it was not worth it to deal with his anger.


 “I did not delve deeply into Yi Tian Mountain, go and see for yourself!” Saying this, Fang Yuan was ready to leave.


 Hearing this answer, Huo Kong Dong was not pleased, he wanted to obstruct Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan paused in his steps, he asked: “Wait! You are Huo Kong Dong? A member of Chai clan?”


 “That’s right.” Huo Kong Dong stared blankly as he answered.


 Fang Yuan showed an unsightly smile: “Good, I am old friends with your ninth supreme elder, has he completed his battlefield killer move myriad flash fire?”


 Huo Kong Dong quickly replied: “Ninth elder is still in seclusion.”


 “Heh, he is forced to stay in by his grandfather. Earlier he tried to harass Fairy Yi Yi... heh! After I settle this matter, I will look for him.” Fang Yuan said, stretching out his arm to Huo Kong Dong: “Lend me some Gu worms.”


 “Ah?” Huo Kong Dong was shocked.


 “What? You are a grand Gu Immortal, just lend me some mortal Gu, why are you so stingy?” Fang Yuan asked impatiently.


 Huo Kong Dong thought: “Ninth elder is completing his battlefield killer move, but that is only an excuse to outsiders. The truth is, he did harass Fairy Yi Yi. The other party knows this, he must be friends with him. Even though I joined Chai clan, I am only a lone cultivator and outsider. But ninth elder is a member of Chai clan, and the grandson of first supreme elder. If I meet his friend and refuse to lend Gu worms, he would definitely be unhappy with me.”


 Then I’ll lend them.


 They’re mortal Gu anyway, they don’t cost much.


 Huo Kong Dong took out his Gu worms, handing them to Fang Yuan, asking: “I wonder what is your name, brother?”


 “I am Dong Fang Xiong Ji.” Fang Yuan waved his hand.


 Huo Kong Dong stared as he thought: “He is Dong Fang Xiong Ji? He is indeed a notorious friend of ninth elder, he is famous in Southern Border for being extremely stingy, moreover he is small-minded and would take revenge for minor grievances. But he doesn’t look like this? Oh! He has no clothes left, he could only change his appearance. Never mind, I can forget about getting back these Gu worms I lent him. But if I can get this person to leave after lending to him, it would be a blessing.”



***
Chapter 1025 - Dark Night, Cold Winds


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Whoosh...!


 Fang Yuan flew in the sky, like a fireball, his body was burning in flames, a long trail of smoke was behind him, he had quite the striking appearance.


 The situation earlier was quite dangerous.


 Fang Yuan met Huo Kong Dong, even though he had three Immortal Gu, and some soul path and dream path mortal Gu, they were not comprehensive, if they fought, he would be at a disadvantage.


 Even if Fang Yuan wanted to use the immortal killer move and swap souls with Huo Kong Dong, he could not.


 Earlier, when swapping souls with Ying Wu Xie, he had already expended a lot of mortal Gu.


 All of the Gu worms with him could not form a full set to use the killer move.


 But using his superior acting skills, not only did he alleviate the danger, he scammed four rank five mortal Gu from him.


 “In my previous life, I joined the battle of Yi Tian Mountain and the huge gambling contest. I witnessed the conflicts between Southern Border’s Gu Immortals and obtained a lot of information. Thanks to this, I was able to learn about the relationship between Chai clan’s ninth elder and Dong Fang Xiong Ji.”


 “I could deceive Huo Kong Dong just now thanks to attitude Gu!”


 Even though Fang Yuan had the original familiar face, he modified it with attitude Gu as the core, using a thousand mortal Gu for the new version.


 But he could not use this killer move now.


 Earlier, against Huo Kong Dong, he had used attitude Gu solely.


 “Attitude Gu’s ability is to conceal my true emotions and show a fake attitude, it can make others believe it.”


 Thinking back, Fang Yuan felt that attitude Gu was really useful.


 Because he used attitude Gu secretly, his acting earlier was flawless, Huo Kong Dong felt that Fang Yuan was enraged and did not want to provoke him.


 There was another advantage too, even though attitude Gu was of high rank, it had a low usage requirement. It only expended mental energy.


 Fang Yuan had just revived, he had little immortal essence, it was far less than his original accumulation.


 “Unfortunately, attitude Gu is not mine, I have to return it to Hei Lou Lan eventually.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt it was a great pity.


 Even though he had revived and obtained a new body, his soul was the same as before, it did not change.


 Earlier, just after he had reborn, he had set a new alliance agreement with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.


 This alliance agreement was very restrictive and did not have any loopholes, it restricted the alliance members in both body and soul.


 Thus, even though Fang Yuan was in a different body, he could not go against it.


 “But the effect of the alliance agreement should be split into two portions. One is in the soul while the other is in the body, I am only considered half an alliance member.”


 “Sigh! Even so, the harm of going against the agreement is too great, even if it does not affect my body, my soul would not be able to endure it.”


 “Hmm... this body must have quite a lot of wisdom path dao marks!”


 While he was pondering, Fang Yuan’s thoughts shifted as he realized another point.


 He distinctly remembered: When he had just become an immortal zombie, his mind could not work well, he was like a dying old man whose thinking was very slow. Using wisdom path methods, he managed to overcome this flaw.


 After obtaining a new body, he could feel his thoughts turning rapidly with just a shift of his mind. Inspiration was bursting out like the water of a fountain.


 During the process of thinking, thoughts were being produced in larger numbers, like the ripples of waves from the sea.


 “I can finally stop using wisdom path Gu worms to replenish the thoughts in my mind!” At this moment, Fang Yuan was about to tear up.


 In the past, he had to use Gu worms to generate thoughts and think.


 But now, with a living body, he could produce large numbers of thoughts, and these thoughts varied greatly.


 There were malicious thoughts, kind thoughts, longing thoughts, empty thoughts, battle thoughts, evil thoughts, obsessed thoughts...


 “As long as a person is alive, there would be a great variety of thoughts in their mind, this is not strange. But my speed of producing thoughts is much faster than normal. I could sustain even the rate of consumption under the light of wisdom for a long time!


 Precisely because of this, Fang Yuan predicted that this body had a significant number of wisdom path dao marks.


 As to how many, he could not estimate the numbers yet.


 The clarity of his cognition was unprecedented. Even his former body, before becoming an immortal zombie, was far inferior.


 “Other than wisdom path dao marks, I also have quite a number of fire path dao marks!” Fang Yuan looked at the flames on his body as bright light flashed in his eyes.


 The clothing of fire he was wearing was the rank five fire cape Gu. Once used, it would cause the body to burn in flames, they were harmless but had an elaborate effect, showing an eye-catching appearance.


 Huo Kong Dong also used this Gu, but his body was covered in flames that were less than a human finger long.


 But Fang Yuan’s flames not only covered his whole body, they were very long, the height of the flames exceeded the forearm of an adult man.


 Other than fire cape Gu, Fang Yuan also ‘borrowed’ a rank five flying smoke Gu.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was flying in the sky, it was due to flying smoke Gu.


 Behind Fang Yuan, thick black smoke billowed out. Most importantly, his speed was so fast that it exceeded the normal limits of flying smoke Gu, it could match some mortal killer moves!


 During the process of flying, winds blew wildly as he left the mountains behind.


 Fang Yuan had an idea in his mind: “It seems that not only are there fire path dao marks, I also have dao marks suited for flying.”


 He could finally fly!


 This way, Fang Yuan’s flying quasi-grandmaster attainment level could be displayed.


 Being able to fly meant that he could be very agile in fighting. When humans stood on the ground, they could only move left, right, forward, backward, or jump up and down. But in the sky, they could fly in all directions, evading wherever they wished.


 This was a qualitative change.


 His battle strength rose rapidly because of just one Gu worm!


 Of course, Fang Yuan’s current battle strength was still very low among Gu Immortals. If he met other Southern Border Gu Immortals, he would need to deceive them using attitude Gu.


 “I should try to avoid battles and catch up to Ying Wu Xie! I need to expose his identity and join up with Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.” Fang Yuan planned.


 Right now, because Yi Tian Mountain was covered by the huge dream realm, Ying Wu Xie would not go there, Fang Yuan’s special will would not activate if he went there.


 After the time limit was up, Fang Yuan’s Gu worms would self-detonate.


 But as long as Fang Yuan controlled the situation, it could still be resolved.


 That was to use Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s help to collect Gu worms and swap souls again.


 After using Change Soul, Fang Yuan would return to his original body and mobilize his Gu worms, extracting the special will from them.


 There is a need to explain the relationship between souls, bodies, and thoughts here.


 With just a body, thoughts could not be produced, the body only provided the mind.


 The soul produces thoughts, but they could not last, the mind was needed to store them and cause collisions to result in thinking.


 When Gu Masters manipulate Gu worms, normally speaking, they were using thoughts to control them.


 Ying Wu Xie’s soul would produce different thoughts from Fang Yuan’s. Thus, he could not use Fang Yuan’s Gu worms.


 Time was pressing, Fang Yuan needed to hurry.


 Being able to fly expanded his field of vision.


 It was immensely better than searching on foot!


 Along the way, he saw many traces of fighting.


 Gu Immortals usually fought in the sky, this was a trait that separated them from Gu Masters.


 Gu Immortals had Gu worms and time to train their flying abilities. But Gu Masters normally could not.


 Thus, though these traces were all left behind during battle, there was little obvious damage to the terrain.


 Luckily, Southern Border had a lot of mountains, if this was Northern Plains with linear terrain, the traces would be fainter. If it was Eastern Sea or Western Desert, the signs would be even more faint.


 But despite this, Fang Yuan could not catch his target.


 As the sky turned dark, his heart sank.


 “Sigh!” He exhaled at the sky, he gave up on chasing them, he changed his mind and left, rapidly retreating.


 Fang Yuan was taking a huge risk in searching for them.


 Yi Tian Mountain was already a troublesome place to be nearby.


 Spectral Soul refined Gu and went through tribulation, many Southern Border Gu Immortals died, the matter had escalated so much that more Southern Border Gu Immortals were sure to investigate the area.


 Ying Wu Xie and the others encountered some of these Southern Border Gu Immortals who came to investigate.


 Fang Yuan met Huo Kong Dong, but he was only one of them.


 The difference between the two situations was, the former were Northern Plains Gu Immortals, they were regarded with antagonism by Southern Border Gu Immortals. Fang Yuan had a Southern Border Gu Immortal aura, he did not attract excessive suspicion.


 But if he continued to stay, even if Fang Yuan had attitude Gu, it was not safe.


 “I left a lot of fake will in my mind, but Ying Wu Xie did not chase after me. Was it because of the obstruction of these Southern Border Gu Immortals? Or did he find out my arrangement? Or were there some hidden details?” Fang Yuan guessed.


 “The huge force of Shadow Sect and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s tens of thousands of years of planning, there are surely arrangements left behind. Even just Zombie Alliance’s branches in the five regions are already a huge asset. Would Ying Wu Xie go to them?”


 “In the worst case scenario, if he uses my identity to take over my assets, how can I deal with it?”


 “Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley were once used by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to cultivate, they are in Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land respectively. Even if Ying Wu Xie does not know the scenery of Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land, he can directly teleport to Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley using Fixed Immortal Travel, right?”


 “Even after swapping souls, the land spirit should be able to detect the difference. But there are many ways to deceive land spirits, and the enemy is Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split soul...”


 Fang Yuan gradually stopped flying, he floated in the air.


 Cold wind continued to blow, his mind seemingly was being chilled.


 The night became darker, Fang Yuan’s face also had a deep layer of gloominess.


 Where did Ying Wu Xie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Hei Lou Lan go exactly?


 Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Jade green light dissipated, Ying Wu Xie left Southern Border, returning to Central Continent.


 “Ma... master?” Before he looked around, a meek voice could be heard.


 “It is me.” Ying Wu Xie raised his head, replying nonchalantly.


 Looking around, his lips curled into a smile.



***
Chapter 1026 - Given to Feng Jin Huang


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Master, please speak the secret code.” That timid voice spoke again.


 Ying Wu Xie spoke: “Heaven has nine layers.”


 That voice continued: “The land has five regions.”


 Ying Wu Xie spoke: “Throughout the ages.”


 The voice continued: “Ruling over all beings!”


 With a loud sound, two knees landed on the ground, and a sobbing voice could be heard: “Shi Nu pays respects to master.”


 “Stand up.” Ying Wu Xie laughed, raising his hand as a signal to the kneeling rockman Gu Immortal.


 The rockman Gu Immortal kowtowed three times before respectfully standing up.


 However, facing Ying Wu Xie, his hands were still dropped, his legs were closed tightly and his body was still in a half-bowing posture, his eyes only gazing at Ying Wu Xie’s feet, not daring to look straight into Ying Wu Xie’s eyes.


 The Gu Immortal aura from him was strong, at rank seven level.


 Ying Wu Xie used Fixed Immortal Travel, but did not go straight to Hu Immortal blessed land and seize Dang Hun Mountain, instead, he arrived at this secret base of Shadow Sect in Central Continent.


 Ying Wu Xie’s soul was a split soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Previously, his childlike frankness and lack of sophistication were because of the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique erasing the soul’s memories. With his memories erased, Ying Wu Xie was like a newborn, he would naturally have limited shrewdness.


 But the battle on the edge of life and death tempered his character, and going through the imparting of Spectral Soul’s will in the Red Lotus true inheritance, Ying Wu Xie’s memories had already recovered to some degree, and was much more mature and steady when handling matters.


 He had experienced rebirth and thus already knew Fang Yuan’s arrangements.


 Not only could he not use any Gu worms on his body, Fang Yuan’s fake will was in his mind, and slight carelessness would have his thoughts influenced.


 He had an extremely large number of Gu worms, as well as a dazzling array of Immortal Gu, but Ying Wu Xie could only use Fixed Immortal Travel.


 In such a situation, he naturally would not stupidly run to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Even if he had ways to deceive the land spirit, he still required many Gu worms to put them to use.


 If he entered Hu Immortal blessed land without any preparations, he would definitely be found out by the land spirit and that would be truly troublesome.


 Thus, Ying Wu Xie used Fixed Immortal Travel to first arrive at this place and make preparations.


 “First take me to the underground core.” Ying Wu Xie instructed.


 “Yes, master.” Gu Immortal Shi Nu quickly responded.


 The two drilled into the ground, going through many twisting dark tunnels and arrived before an underground chamber.


 This chamber was extremely large, spanning as far as the eye could see.


 The yellowish-brown soil in the chamber was extremely dense and thick, constantly rolling around.


 In the periphery of the chamber were layers and layers of Gu formations, for healing, concealing, supporting and other uses.


 Ying Wu Xie fixed his eyes upon a spot, vaguely seeing a sphere made of a soul in the center of the soil, sinking and rising.


 He observed it for a while, letting out a sigh.


 This soul sphere was Bo Qing’s soul.


 Back then, Sword Immortal Bo Qing failed in passing his tribulation and was barely saved by Shadow Sect’s split soul ‘Yellow’. Thousands of years had gone by but the injuries to Bo Qing’s soul were instead worsening, not only did it not recover, it was reduced to this soul sphere.


 Bo Qing’s soul was struck by the myriad tribulation, water path dao marks lingered around him, constantly generating without pause. Although it was inhibited by the dense earth path dao marks in the underground core, it was temporary relief that could only delay for some time and not cure it.


 Even with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s foundation, they were at a loss on what to do.


 However, Shadow Sect had never given up.


 To look over this area, Shadow Sect subdued a group of rockmen. After some nurturing, they raised a rockman Gu Immortal.


 This rockman Gu Immortal was Shi Nu.


 Originally, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had planned and conspired for tens of thousands of years to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Although Shi Nu was only rank seven, he was also a considerable battle strength.


 Unfortunately, when they were about to summon him, an unexpected mishap occurred here.


 A wild one-eyed giant ape appeared, Shi Nu had no choice but to come out and fight the giant ape and draw it away.


 Back then, Heaven Overseeing Tower had already set the situation, Shadow Sect was already busy dealing with this and thus did not summon Shi Nu.


 As such, Gu Immortal Shi Nu had luckily survived.


 Actually, there were many unexpected incidents occurring in all aspects related to Shadow Sect.


 Apart from Shi Nu, the most clear example was Qin Bai Sheng running into Feng Jiu Ge.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable wanted to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, desiring to go against heaven, heaven’s will would naturally see to stop it. If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was an otherworldly demon, the situation would be somewhat better. Unfortunately, he was a native of this world and was extremely restricted by heaven’s will.


 Shadow Sect’s strength was absolutely not small, and it was spread over five regions.


 But because of heaven’s will’s obstruction, they were not able to use all their strength.


 After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was defeated, Shadow Sect dispersed, in particular, their subordinate organization, Zombie Alliance, was completely annihilated. But in the five regions, they still had some remaining arrangements.


 Like Gu Immortal Shi Nu.


 After half an hour.


 “Where is this?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng came out of Ying Wu Xie’s immortal aperture.


 “It is not Hu Immortal blessed land?” Hei Lou Lan also came out of Ying Wu Xie’s immortal aperture shortly afterwards.


 The two gazed at their surroundings in doubt, they found they were in an underground room.


 The arrangement here was extremely crude.


 The two used investigative Gu worms and immediately found this underground room was only a small portion of an entire underground maze.


 “This is the underground environment of rockmen. So this is below the ground?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a slight realization.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded: “Right. We have already returned to Central Continent. Right now, we are in Earth Abyss. The rockmen here have already been transferred out. This is a secret base arranged by master.”


 “No wonder you put Star Form blessed land in Earth Abyss. So master had already arranged a location in Earth Abyss.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng smiled.


 “So Fang Yuan’s second blessed land is also in Earth Abyss.” Ying Wu Xie mentally noted it down.


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch?” Hei Lou Lan’s mind shook as she narrowed her eyes, staring at Ying Wu Xie and asking: “Why did you not go directly to Hu Immortal blessed land?”


 Ying Wu Xie was already prepared, replying calmly: “It is not that I don’t want to return. But my identity is exposed now, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals know about me. Although their speed in returning to Central Continent can’t match Fixed Immortal Travel, don’t forget that they have information path methods. They can notify the ten great ancient sects to surround Hu Immortal blessed land, such a simple matter, they definitely have already done it!”


 “If we directly return there, we might just be sending ourselves into a trap. So I first moved here to scout for intelligence.”


 “Then what did you find out?” Hei Lou Lan asked.


 Ying Wu Xie sighed: “It is like I expected, my identity has been exposed, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects already know that we are the true culprits of the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Hu Immortal blessed land is already surrounded, and they will attack the blessed land any moment now.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was greatly shocked: “Dang Hun Mountain is still there, what should we do?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng knew Fang Yuan had already found a revival method. As such, Hu Immortal blessed land’s value had greatly reduced, what was more important were the cultivation resources in the blessed land. Dang Hun Mountain was extremely important, they had an inexhaustible source of income with it.


 Ying Wu Xie sneered: “Hu Immortal blessed land is lost. I will let the ten great ancient sects safeguard the resources inside for a while. Sooner or later, I will take them back. The urgent thing is to make preparations and recover... ahh!”


 Ying Wu Xie suddenly stopped speaking, his face revealing a shocked and startled expression.


 “What happened?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly asked.


 A furious look flashed past Ying Wu Xie’s eyes, before he bitterly smiled and brought out Fixed Immortal Travel’s destroyed body: “I was struck by Shadow Sect’s moves, but forcibly activated Fixed Immortal Travel. Now, it is destroyed!”


 “This?!” For a moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan both felt deeply regretful.


 Fixed Immortal Travel was extremely practical, now that it was dead, the three immortals all felt great loss.


 Ying Wu Xie was extremely furious inwardly: “How could Fixed Immortal Travel self-destruct all of a sudden? It seems Fang Yuan left behind some methods. Damn it! He not only schemed against me, he intentionally let me use Fixed Immortal Travel to try to lure me into going to Yi Tian Mountain, moreover, he still left behind this method! Since Fixed Immortal Travel could self-destruct, then the same should also apply to Fang Yuan’s other Gu worms.”


 Thinking of this, Ying Wu Xie was immediately unable to stand by.


 He now had to think of ways to subdue these Gu worms of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s arrangement had truly caught him unprepared.


 “Special will, it should be the special will! Looks like I need to race against time, I need to borrow Immortal Gu to suppress his Gu worms. I can’t let them self-destruct as well!” Ying Wu Xie screamed internally, unable to conceal his anxiousness on the surface.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt something amiss and asked in concern: “Fang Yuan, what’s wrong?”


 Ying Wu Xie’s face was very gloomy: “We have huge trouble. I must quickly deal with it, otherwise my other Gu worms will also have the same ending as Fixed Immortal Travel!”


 “What! Is there anything I can help you with?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately felt like his heart was burning, he also felt anxious.


 “You two rest and recuperate first, you will be led to your rooms by the rockmen in a while. Hmph, I can deal with this situation. After all, master has not only left behind this stronghold, we still have our network!” Ying Wu Xie finished speaking, and then left.


 Meanwhile in Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.


 “We have broken through! We have broken through!”


 “Hahaha, Hu Immortal blessed land has finally been captured by us.”


 “Let me see what benefits this kid Fang Yuan had gotten!”


 “Be patient, don’t forget Dang Hun Mountain will be managed in turns by us, the ten great ancient sects.”


 Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent flocked inside, excitedly storming their way into Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Afterwards, it was like their whole bodies were drenched in cold water!


 “Empty, how could it be empty!”


 “There is nothing here, what’s going on?”


 “Where is Dang Hun Mountain? Where did Dang Hun Mountain go?”


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals shouted one after the other.


 “You are Lord Feng Jiu Ge?” Hu Immortal land spirit appeared in front of Feng Jiu Ge and looked at him with her large watery eyes.


 Feng Jiu Ge was slightly taken aback: “I am.”


 “My master instructed me to tell lord that he has already taken everything he needs. As for this blessed land, it shall be given to lord’s daughter, Feng Jin Huang.” Hu Immortal land spirit said openly.


 “What? Fang Yuan was faster than us?!”


 “Didn’t our combined deductions say he was still in Southern Border?”


 “Why did Fang Yuan hand over Hu Immortal blessed land to Feng Jin Huang? Could it be that the two of them...”


 “Speaking of it, ever since the Refinement Path Convention, these two have been pretty close. Everyone in the ten sects know of this.”


 The Gu Immortals mumbled.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s gaze swept past them and these whispers immediately stopped.



***
Chapter 1027 - Nine-five Sovereign Immortal Aperture (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Going back a while ago in time.


 Fang Yuan chased Ying Wu Xie with no results, he stopped in the air, feeling dejected.


 Darkness was becoming deeper as it enshrouded the land.


 This was a cold night.


 Wind blew eerily, as Fang Yuan felt a chill in his mind.


 His original plan was great.


 Making arrangements in his body, leaving behind fake will and special will, lending Fixed Immortal Travel, according to Fang Yuan’s estimations, this plan was very likely to succeed.


 But the result in reality was failure.


 Fang Yuan did not know that he had succeeded once, but because of heaven’s will and Spring Autumn Cicada, it all fell apart.


 Even though he lost, Fang Yuan decided to face the results without denying or trying to make excuses.


 In fact, he was mentally prepared. This was his mental fortitude created after hundreds of years in this world.


 Any plan, no matter how detailed, had a possibility of failure. Even Shadow Sect and Spectral Soul’s plan over tens of thousands of years, after so many deductions, didn’t it still fail?


 Even the former Demon Venerable failed, not to mention Fang Yuan?


 In this world, no matter who it was, there was no one who would never fail.


 Fang Yuan attempted to guess Ying Wu Xie’s situation.


 The most likely scenario was that right now, because of the obstruction of Southern Border Gu Immortals, Ying Wu Xie could not go to Yi Tian Mountain.


 If that was the case, Fang Yuan’s arrangements were still in place, Ying Wu Xie had not discovered them, this was not the worst situation.


 Perhaps if Fang Yuan continued chasing them, he might get back all his Gu worms and regain his peak battle strength again.


 But this was only one possibility.


 Fang Yuan had a vigilant nature, he considered defeat before thinking about victory. He preferred to make the worst possible assumptions and prepare against them.


 “Then, what would be the worst situation?” Fang Yuan floated in the night sky, asking himself.


 The worst case scenario was if Ying Wu Xie found out his arrangements and exploited them to his benefit, deceiving Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, going to Star Form blessed land or Hu Immortal blessed land and taking all of his assets!


 This was very possible.


 From Fang Yuan’s perspective: Ying Wu Xie was Spectral Soul’s split soul, his foundation was very abundant, it may not be hard to detect this arrangement. The most important thing was, Yi Tian Mountain had manifested a gigantic dream realm!


 The dream realm was the greatest obstacle, Ying Wu Xie could not return to Yi Tian Mountain. Spectral Soul’s main body had already fallen deep into the dream realm, Ying Wu Xie definitely wanted to rescue his main body, but he had too few dream path Gu worms.


 In his previous body, there were a number of dream path Immortal Gu and mortal Gu, but after the body detonated, it was unknown whether these Gu worms still existed. Gu worms were very fragile, even Immortal Gu could be destroyed by a child’s fingers.


 Even if these dream path Gu worms were still alive, the dream realm was way too big, in his current state, Ying Wu Xie could not enter the dream realm and take these Gu worms back.


 Fang Yuan did not have a mentality of leaving things to chance, he stopped chasing them and landed on a nearby mountain.


 There were many mountains in Southern Border, with many forests on these mountains.


 Fang Yuan was leaning against a huge pine tree, he sat on a thick branch as he calmed his mind, using connecting heaven Gu.


 He had borrowed four rank five mortal Gu from Huo Kong Dong.


 One was flying smoke Gu, one was fire cape Gu. The other two were connecting heaven Gu and divine sense Gu.


 The latter two were necessities to Gu Immortals. Using these two Gu worms, they could connect to treasure yellow heaven. It was the biggest market for Gu Immortals across the five regions.


 It was not suspicious that Fang Yuan sought these Gu worms from Huo Kong Dong.


 If he had them in the first place, he could buy some appropriate Gu worms in treasure yellow heaven, he would not need to run around naked.


 But he could not ask for more. Even if Fang Yuan had attitude Gu, and Huo Kong Dong would not suspect his identity, the latter would think that he was taking advantage of him.


 Fang Yuan had inspected these four Gu worms before he carefully used them.


 There was no issue with connecting heaven Gu, but when Fang Yuan was about to use it, his body shook, he showed an expression of immense shock.


 With his mental fortitude, he could already completely conceal his emotions.


 But at this moment, his shock was so great, it was unprecedented in his entire life after rebirth!


 Even when he learned that the mastermind of Shadow Sect was Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan had never been so shocked before.


 His body and mind were trembling!


 His mind was quaking incessantly, he was staring with wide opened eyes, looking at the night sky and lush leaves, he appeared like he was in a daze.


 “Calm down.” Fang Yuan blinked, telling himself, but his breathing was rough, his heart was beating rapidly.


 He sent his consciousness into his immortal aperture again.


 At the second glance.


 Fang Yuan observed his brand new immortal aperture again.


 Immense shock.


 He frowned, his entire body tensed, an unbelievable immortal aperture was presented to him!


 What sort of amazing immortal aperture was this!


 “If I did not witness this personally, I would never believe that such an immortal aperture exists in the world!” Fang Yuan was filled with this thought.


 In fact, he had already been mentally prepared.


 Spectral Soul had spent tens of thousands of years and used up almost all of Shadow Sect’s assets, what was it for?


 It was to refine this rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu!


 Looking over the entire refinement process, they first used the ten extreme immortal zombies to create the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation. They next used the bodies and immortal apertures of countless Southern Border Gu Immortals who died as Gu refinement material. They next sent the members of Zombie Alliance, over a hundred immortal zombies into the formation. Finally, the Demon Venerable did not stint on sacrifices to himself to activate the ten extreme formation. Finally, using the countless grand tribulations and myriad tribulations, this grand feat was achieved!


 The difficulty of each of these steps was unimaginable for rank eight Gu Immortals! Just the first step, to collect all ten of the ten extreme physiques, it was very difficult! Tens of thousands of years of planning and waiting, along with some luck, were needed to do this. Not to mention the rest of the steps.


 After spending such a great sum and sacrificing so much, a rank nine Immortal Gu was formed eventually.


 Even if Fang Yuan did not know the inside details, he knew that this sovereign immortal fetus Gu had extraordinary power!


 Rank nine Immortal Gu, in the vast numbers of Gu worms, had the same status as rank nine venerables. They were extremely rare, extremely precious, and extremely powerful.


 Fang Yuan had interacted with a rank nine Immortal Gu before.


 That was wisdom Gu.


 Facing wisdom Gu, he did not even have the ability to refine it!


 He could only use the light of wisdom, it was like seeing a luxurious meal, but he could only smell it.


 Even so, the smell was so amazing and brought Fang Yuan immense benefits.


 Without the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan could not progress so rapidly and fiercely to this extent.


 He recently encountered his second rank nine Immortal Gu.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 This time, not only did he smell it, he swallowed this supreme meal whole!


 “Spectral Soul refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it is definitely not so simple, there are profound mysteries behind it.” After rebirth, this idea was lingering in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 But he was chasing after Ying Wu Xie, he had no time to explore the mysteries of this body.


 Fang Yuan’s new body was formed by sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Even though there were huge mysteries behind it, there was no rush.


 The urgent matter was to catch Ying Wu Xie and take back his Gu worms.


 Thus, Fang Yuan threw this matter to the back of his mind.


 But now, he failed to catch Ying Wu Xie, he had to make a response to the worst case scenario, thus he wanted to use connecting heaven Gu to enter treasure yellow heaven.


 At this moment, he looked into the immortal aperture for the first time.


 With just one glance, he was extremely stunned!


 Because the scenery of this immortal aperture was not normal, it had greatly exceeded Fang Yuan’s common sense in regards to cultivation, that had been accumulated over hundreds of years.


 This immortal aperture was a rank six Gu Immortal blessed land, but the space was huge, extremely huge.


 To what extent?


 Most rank six Gu Immortals had medium or low grade blessed lands. A low grade blessed land had a size of 2000km2 at the maximum, while a medium grade blessed land could have a size of 2700km2 to 4000km2.


 This was the case for most rank six Gu Immortals.


 A smaller number of rank six Gu Immortals, who were like Tai Bai Yun Sheng, had an impressive inheritance and had abundant foundation when ascending to immortal, they would obtain a high grade blessed land.


 High grade blessed lands were formed with a size of 4700km2 to 6000km2.


 High, medium and low grade blessed lands were the cases for most rank six Gu Immortals.


 ‘Most’ because there were exceptions.


 The ten extreme physiques. Great Strength True Martial Physique, Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, Verdant Great Sun Physique, Desolate Ancient Moon Physique...


 Once a person of the ten extreme physiques became a Gu Immortal, like Hei Lou Lan, they would obtain a super grade blessed land!


 Super grade blessed lands had a territory of over 6700 km2 but did not exceed 13000km2.


 (The above information refers to the starting size after immortal ascension.)


 Super grade blessed lands were very rare. Because the ten extreme physiques were already rare to begin with, and most of them would die along the way, there were few who could become immortals.


 Of course, once a ten extreme immortal came into being, just the space of the immortal aperture was a huge asset for them.


 Bigger immortal apertures were better, because the larger they were, the more space path dao marks they had, and the more they could carry. The production of resources and limits on their growth would be higher as well.


 Many Gu Immortals encounter a problem when they cultivate —


 Their immortal aperture did not have enough space.


 Their beast groups were too big, they had to sell some. The variant humans were too large in number, they needed to sell slaves. There were too many flowers and grass inside, they had to get rid of some.


 Everyone knew that the larger the beast groups, the more young they would produce. Everyone knew that the larger the number of variant humans, the more they would reproduce. Everyone knew that their plants were more valuable when they were allowed to grow and expand further.


 But they had no choice.


 The size of the immortal aperture was the limitation.


 Thus, many Gu Immortals tried all ways possible to increase the sizes of their immortal apertures. For example, expand space Immortal Gu could increase the number of space path dao marks in the immortal aperture, it was one of the ways to increase the space inside of the immortal aperture.



***
Chapter 1028 - Nine-five Sovereign Immortal Aperture (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 However, methods like expand space Immortal Gu were only icing on the cake. No matter what methods were used, the biggest factor in determining the limit of the size of the blessed land was still its grade.


 Looking at Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture again.


 Every layer of his immortal aperture had over 33500km2 of space!


 33500km2 already exceeded the super grade blessed land of a ten extreme physique Gu Immortal vastly. And this was just one layer.


 Fang Yuan found that his immortal aperture had ten layers.


 And each layer had more than 33500km2 of space.


 Adding them up, ten layers amounted to over 335000km2 of space!


 What did that imply?


 Fang Yuan could not imagine.


 Because he had never heard of such a ridiculous immortal aperture in the world!


 The large space inside was only the first point.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture was split into ten layers.


 This was very unique.


 Normal blessed lands would not have separate spaces, they only had one unified area. For example, Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land.


 When would the space inside the immortal aperture split up?


 It was when immortal apertures become grotto-heavens.


 By then, the immortal aperture would undergo changes according to the Gu Immortal’s body, creating many different areas and segments.


 Starry Sky grotto-heaven was a prime example.


 “My blessed land has the characteristics of a grotto-heaven? Even what may be the greatest blessed land in the world, Lang Ya blessed land, only has one unified space. And Lang Ya blessed land has fallen from a grotto-heaven, while my blessed land has just started at rank six. And in this first layer, it is split into five areas.”


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had ten layers.


 The first layer was a vast piece of land, split into five areas.


 The second to tenth layers had no soil or earth, they were empty.


 What made Fang Yuan surprised was that the five areas in the first layer were divided very clearly.


 The central area had the most fertile soil and differences in terrain within.


 The southern area had many mountains and peaks, it was moist and foggy.


 The northern area had huge grasslands with strong winds.


 The eastern area was a sea with countless islands, like a huge chess board.


 The western area was desolate and had high temperatures, it was mainly a desert.


 “This arrangement, isn’t it the five regions of this world? Southern Border, Eastern Sea, Central Continent, Northern Plains, Western Desert...” Fang Yuan mumbled internally.


 What shocked him were the second to tenth layers.


 In these nine layers, there was no soil, there was nothing, but they were all colored red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple, white, and black respectively.


 “Aren’t the immemorial nine heavens arranged with these colors as well? But later, Ren Zu and his ten children caused seven of the heavens to collapse, resulting in the fragment worlds of the immemorial seven heavens to scatter and fall. right now, only white and black heaven are left.”


 “Nine heavens, five regions, nine-five... sovereign. So this is why it is called sovereign immortal fetus Gu?”


 In fact, Fang Yuan had some expectations that his immortal aperture would be different from others, that it would be very exemplary. But he did not expect it to be so impressive.


 Impressive to the point that Fang Yuan felt a little... fearful.


 Fearful?


 This emotion seemed hard to understand.


 But to make a comparison.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was an elite person. Hei Lou Lan was a ten extreme immortal, a genius among elites.


 And what was Fang Yuan?


 He was far beyond any genius, if he had to be described in one word, that would be: Monster!


 Towards geniuses, people would feel admiration, envy or resentment towards them. As for monsters, freaks who went far beyond common sense, people would feel fear... and the urge to eliminate them!


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, his aperture was only high grade. After rebirth, his strength path immortal aperture was only medium grade.


 He had worked hard for the goal of attaining super grade.


 But suddenly, he obtained this immortal aperture.


 All of a sudden, he had turned from an ordinary Gu Immortal to a ridiculous and freakish monster. Naturally, he felt some fear.


 “I cannot let news of this immortal aperture be exposed. Once it is exposed, I will face an endless wave of enemies who wants me dead.”


 “But even if I told people about this immortal aperture, nobody would believe me. Ah, no, at least, Spectral Soul would believe it.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s expression turned grim.


 The better the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture was, the deeper the enmity between Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul, along with Shadow Sect!


 Even though Fang Yuan had not uncovered the mysteries of the sovereign immortal aperture yet, on the surface, with just these traits, his relationship with Spectral Soul and Shadow Sect was already irreconcilable.


 Even if the other party did not have rank nine cultivation level, they were quasi-rank nine. Against such an enemy, Fang Yuan felt deep pressure.


 “Right now, Spectral Soul’s main body is still trapped in the dream realm.”


 “But he has planned for tens of thousands of years, he definitely has backup plans.”


 “Ying Wu Xie is his split soul, he is now in my body with his whereabouts unknown.”


 “Most importantly, Zombie Alliance is finished, while Shadow Sect lost terribly, how much foundation does this secretive super force have left?”


 “And, in the five hundred years of my previous life, did Shadow Sect and Spectral Soul succeed?”


 His new body was very useful.


 In just a moment, Fang Yuan thought of many things, the thoughts in his mind collided into one another, causing intense reactions.


 “I should connect to treasure yellow heaven first.” Fang Yuan cleared his mind.


 It only took a bit of time for him to absorb the information regarding the sovereign immortal aperture, there was no big issue.


 He used connecting heaven Gu and divine sense Gu, easily ‘finding’ treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure yellow heaven was the number one market for Gu Immortals of the five regions, it had a huge origin. It was formed from a Gu Immortal’s grotto-heaven and a large immemorial yellow heaven fragment.


 Yellow heaven, of the immemorial nine heavens, was of the same level as white heaven and black heaven.


 Even when a mortal raises their head, they would see white heaven and black heaven. When a Gu Immortal uses connecting heaven Gu, they could sense treasure yellow heaven, which was like a torch in the darkness.


 His attempt at connecting to treasure yellow heaven was very successful.


 Soon, within Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, there was a smooth mirror. Inside, he could see treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan activated divine sense Gu, sending his thoughts inside.


 In a short time, he found Little Hu Immortal.


 In accordance with Fang Yuan’s instructions before he left, Little Hu Immortal had been keeping her connecting heaven Gu open the entire time.


 After rebirth, even though Fang Yuan did not know how the battle of Yi Tian Mountain would turn out, he knew that if he was exposed, Hu Immortal blessed land would be besieged by Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 The dragonfish and eerie fire dragon pythons inside Hu Immortal blessed land had already been shifted into Star Form blessed land.


 Hu Immortal blessed land only had Dang Hun Mountain, several Fang Yuan stone nests, and a large number of hairy man slaves left.


 In the underground cave, there was wisdom Gu, as well as the sword path Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had taken from immortal zombie Bo Qing.


 Dang Hun Mountain was kept in Hu Immortal blessed land so that he could easily sell guts Gu. After all, Hu Immortal blessed land was connected to Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect. If it were in Star Form blessed land, it could be easily deduced.


 There was another point, Hu Immortal blessed land was an enslavement path blessed land, it had a larger number of enslavement path dao marks, it could allow Fang Yuan to manage the hairy man slaves more easily. If these hairy men were moved to Star Form blessed land, they would not be as obedient, and would not refine Gu as enthusiastically.


 Even though hairy men were variant humans, they had emotions, their attitude to work varied.


 Of course, Fang Yuan was considering Hei Lou Lan and Blazing Heaven Demoness as well.


 As for wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan wanted to relocate it the most. But Fang Yuan did not have this ability. Back then, his agreement with wisdom Gu was made under a special situation.


 Fang Yuan and Little Hu Immortal quickly connected.


 “Is it master?” Little Hu Immortal was joyous as she asked this.


 “It’s me.” Fang Yuan answered.


 “It really is master? Quickly confirm the secret code with me!” Little Hu Immortal said again.


 The two confirmed the code as Little Hu Immortal said happily: “Master, are you okay? I miss you so much.”


 Fang Yuan laughed, he told Little Hu Immortal some important details as he told her to use plan B section C.


 All along, Fang Yuan had been facing a lot of mental pressure, he was worried that Central Continent’s Gu Immortals would attack Hu Immortal blessed land.


 To minimize his losses, Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom and deduced many plans to deal with many situations.


 Furthermore, he gave these plans to Little Hu Immortal.


 It was good to prepare in advance.


 But after hearing his words, Little Hu Immortal thought about that plan and was stunned, she spoke as she cried: “Master, master, you don’t want me anymore? I am very obedient, I will listen to master more from now on.”


 “Heh.” Fang Yuan laughed: “Don’t worry, plan B section C has been recently edited. Act according to it and the other party will not truly accept you.”


 Little Hu Immortal smiled through her tears, she trusted Fang Yuan completely, she did not doubt his judgment.


 She followed this plan and contacted Lang Ya land spirit.


 Over on Lang Ya land spirit’s end, Fang Yuan had already told him long ago, after all, he was the external supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect.


 Lang Ya land spirit quickly dispatched a group of rank six hairy man Gu Immortals, using a stargate to get to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 They displayed the ancient battle formation, Heavenly Giant Solor, turning into a giant and carrying Dang Hun Mountain, before placing it in the immortal aperture of one of the hairy man Gu Immortals and going back to Lang Ya blessed land through the stargate.


 Little Hu Immortal next brought them to wisdom Gu. The hairy man Gu Immortals were stunned, they transmitted the information back to Lang Ya land spirit and after his shock, he used his methods to convince wisdom Gu to enter one of their immortal apertures, before going back to Lang Ya blessed land.


 After learning about this outcome, Fang Yuan relaxed.


 He had no choice but to expose wisdom Gu to Lang Ya land spirit out of necessity.


 The outcome was that Lang Ya land spirit did not disappoint Fang Yuan. He was an obsession of the rank eight Long Hair Ancestor after all. Back then, Long Hair Ancestor’s refinement path attainment had exceeded that of two venerables, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 He was the number one refinement path immortal of all times, he had an unfathomable foundation. Some people in the future who researched him conjectured that Long Hair Ancestor’s limitation was that he was a hairy man variant human. If he were a normal human Gu Immortal, he might have reached the supreme realm of rank nine!


 After Lang Ya land spirit transported wisdom Gu to Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan contacted Star Form blessed land and sent Luo Po valley, which was inside, to Lang Ya blessed land as well.


 This way, Dang Hun Mountain and Lang Ya blessed land were both inside Lang Ya blessed land.


 Even if Fixed Immortal Travel did not self-detonate and Ying Wu Xie obtained it, he would go to Dang Hun Mountain or Luo Po valley, and Lang Ya Sect would have to deal with the danger instead.



***
Chapter 1029 - Vital Immortal Gu, Dog Shit Luck


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “The relocation of Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land is also settled now.” Fang Yuan could finally exhale a breath of relief after completing this matter.


 He considered defeat before considering victory. After this matter was settled, no matter how Ying Wu Xie reacted, Fang Yuan’s losses would already be reduced greatly.


 It was interesting, actually, under a series of odd events, his and Ying Wu Xie’s statuses had swapped.


 Fang Yuan aspired to attain eternal life, a physical body to him was no different to a bag of flesh, and he felt no reluctance in altering it. What he cared about were three aspects.


 First, his original body’s Gu worms.


 Second, the cultivation resources he accumulated in Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land.


 Third, the relations with Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Lang Ya land spirit, Spirit Affinity House, Immortal Crane Sect and others.


 Fang Yuan gazed at the dark sky, the mountain winds shaking the branches of the pine tree he was resting on.


 He pondered: “By this time, Fixed Immortal Travel should have already self-destructed. Next, the other Gu worms will self-destruct one after the other. I wonder how Ying Wu Xie will deal with this?”


 “There is little to no hope for me in taking these Gu worms back now. The resources of Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land have already been moved. Hu Immortal blessed land has fallen into the hands of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, and Star Form blessed land is hidden deep within Earth Abyss. Now, only the third matter remains, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and others.”


 Fang Yuan carefully pondered.


 Regarding the third aspect, the relations with Central Continent’s Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect were already broken.


 The truth of Fang Yuan destroying Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was already exposed everywhere. Heavenly Court would definitely pursue this and find trouble with Fang Yuan, from a certain perspective, Ying Wu Xie possessing Fang Yuan’s physical body meant he would face the disaster for Fang Yuan to an extent.


 So he did not need to worry about these.


 What Fang Yuan was worried about were Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness were dead, Hei Lou Lan’s value had fallen sharply, but she was still a ten extreme physique Gu Immortal with the Great Strength True Martial Physique. Adding in her identity in his previous life as Spirit Affinity House’s fairy, as well as her strong luck and formidable character, she absolutely could not be looked down upon.


 And Tai Bai Yun Sheng might only have two Immortal Gu, but each of them were top grade Gu worms with huge practical value.


 Fang Yuan was extremely worried that these two would be used by Ying Wu Xie to make difficulties for him.


 So after he connected with Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land, he immediately tried to communicate with Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng in treasure yellow heaven.


 They had left behind their wills in treasure yellow heaven.


 This was a communication method prepared early on.


 But although Fang Yuan contacted these two wills at treasure yellow heaven, he had yet to truly contact the two of them.


 Only when these two people connect to treasure yellow heaven and their wills returned to their main bodies would they be able to understand and learn the truth.


 With no contact from them, the worry in Fang Yuan’s eyes became even deeper.


 Without other options, he chose to give up trying for now and contacted Lang Ya land spirit.


 And this time, he obtained a reply almost immediately!


 “Lad, you finally contacted me!!” Lang Ya land spirit appeared extremely excited as he called out.


 In truth, he had agreed to help Fang Yuan relocate the resources mainly due to Fang Yuan’s status as a member of Lang Ya Sect.


 But when he saw Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and especially wisdom Gu, he was completely dumbstruck with amazement.


 To sum it up in a single word, he was shocked.


 He had never expected Fang Yuan’s hidden accumulations to be so deep.


 So deep to the extent it made him unable to believe it.


 Hearing Lang Ya land spirit’s words, Fang Yuan smiled, it was as if he was looking at the land spirit, with hair all over his body, like a gorilla jumping around with an exaggerated appearance.


 Lang Ya land spirit originated from Long Hair Ancestor, he was extremely special as he was formed from two obsessions.


 This current obsession was filled with aggressiveness, wholeheartedly wanting to make hairy men the rulers, the masters of the five regions, suppressing humans.


 Compared to the previous sagely-looking land spirit, this one was more erratic.


 But no matter which one, land spirits could not lie, they were frank and honest. Fang Yuan could be much more at ease in dealing with the land spirit than human Gu Immortals who were able to hide their intentions from him.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was keeping quiet, Lang Ya land spirit could not endure it and continued speaking: “Fang Yuan, Lang Ya Sect has done a huge favor for you this time. What if you lost these, wouldn’t you want to smash your own head and die? So how will you repay me?”


 Pausing for a while, Fang Yuan heard Lang Ya land spirit speak again: “Lad, contribute these things to the sect. I absolutely won’t let you suffer a loss. You are our external supreme elder! I will give you an uncountable number of sect contribution points, enough to exchange for countless Immortal Gu recipes and Immortal Gu!”


 Since Fang Yuan had asked Lang Ya land spirit for help, he naturally was already mentally prepared. Anyone who saw Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and wisdom Gu would definitely be moved. Even Lang Ya land spirit was not an exception.


 Lang Ya land spirit might be straightforward and stubborn, with a one-track mind, but he was not without intelligence.


 Fang Yuan calmly replied: “I am Lang Ya Sect’s external supreme elder, these are all mine. First elder, you are not thinking of embezzling my possessions, right?”


 “Hehehe!” Lang Ya land spirit grabbed at his hair while yelling, “If I had known this beforehand, I would not have let you join Lang Ya Sect. I could have directly confiscated these supreme treasures if so! Damn it, I told the truth again.”


 Fang Yuan laughed.


 Back then, Lang Ya land spirit sincerely wanted Fang Yuan to join Lang Ya Sect.


 Now that both sides had already set the agreement, it was too late for Lang Ya land spirit to go against it. At least by his current means, he was not able to breach the agreement.


 Even if he wanted to renege on the agreement, he needed to prepare for some time to break the information path agreement between the two sides.


 Even so, because he could not lie, Fang Yuan just needed to probe slightly to extract the information.


 Just based on this point, Fang Yuan already had Lang Ya land spirit firmly in his grasp.


 After some careful thinking, Fang Yuan still felt it was better to leave Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and wisdom Gu in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley were two treasure troves once held by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, if Fixed Immortal Travel hadn’t been destroyed, wouldn’t it mean Ying Wu Xie and others could casually return to these two places?


 If Fang Yuan placed these two treasure troves in his own immortal aperture, that would be a huge mistake, it would be opening the door for robbers, letting a wolf into one’s house.


 As for wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan could not use it for the moment.


 He had now revived with a new physical body, unlike his previous immortal zombie body.


 In his immortal zombie body, Fang Yuan had no need to fear the light of wisdom. But right now, if he entered this light, his lifespan would start decreasing, which was a price Fang Yuan could not accept.


 So from now on, unless he had no alternative, it was better to not use wisdom Gu.


 “I have obtained the sovereign immortal aperture but lost the support of wisdom Gu, it can be considered that there are losses along with the gains. But, there will be a day I will find a method to use wisdom Gu with a living body. During this period of time, it is better to let Lang Ya land spirit safeguard wisdom Gu, saving me from worrying about it.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan said to Lang Ya land spirit: “First supreme elder, you want me to present these three treasures to the sect, that is impossible. But we can cooperate. I can lend Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and wisdom Gu for the sect’s use. The sect will be in charge of safekeeping them, if anything unexpected happens, you will have to compensate me ten times over. Besides this, you need to compensate me with some sect contribution points too.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was jubilant, almost dancing with joy as he shouted: “Lad, you are quite tactful. That’s good, that’s good. With Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley, I can let these children refine and strengthen their souls. It will be a huge help to their Gu refinement! Also wisdom Gu, hehe, this is a rank nine Gu of wisdom path, in the past it was the vital Gu of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, hehehe! Using it to deduce Immortal Gu recipes is simply too wonderful.”


 From the land spirit’s tone, he actually knew how to use wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan could not help asking.


 Lang Ya land spirit was not stupid, replying with a chuckle: “You want to know the method to use wisdom Gu, then exchange for it with contribution points. Our Lang Ya Sect is fair!”


 Both sides negotiated for a while before completing the matter of collaboration.


 Fang Yuan then casually mentioned the featherman Zhou Zhong, this variant human was Fang Yuan’s slave, but it was not impossible for this relation to be exposed. Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan knew of Zhou Zhong, he was already exposed. It was better to let him lead those feathermen to stay in Lang Ya blessed land for the time being. In any case, Lang Ya blessed land’s space was extremely huge. Of course, it was unable to compare with Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture in terms of potential future space.


 As for those hairy man slaves in the Fang Yuan stone nests, after Fang Yuan haggled with Lang Ya land spirit, these hairy man slaves still belonged to Fang Yuan, but he had to remove their slave status, they could only be considered Fang Yuan’s subordinates in Lang Ya Sect.


 Because of his identity, Lang Ya land spirit had deep love for hairy men and disdain for other races, having a doctrine that hairy men were to be the rulers. Naturally, he would not let Fang Yuan continue to order these hairy men as slaves.


 It was already extraordinary for him to still let these hairy men be subordinate to Fang Yuan, not arguing about it.


 Fang Yuan was actually quite happy about this.


 These hairy men were now free and belonged to Lang Ya blessed land. But as long as Fang Yuan mobilized them to refine Gu, they would have to obey his orders, which was not much different from beforehand.


 These hairy men would even be nurtured by Lang Ya land spirit, building their own families and working in the blessed land, which would stimulate their passion for Gu refinement and increase their work efficiency.


 Finally, Fang Yuan briefly informed Lang Ya land spirit about the matter regarding Ying Wu Xie and Shadow Sect.


 Lang Ya land spirit listened on while staring blankly, and only a long time after Fang Yuan finished talking did he react.


 “So you even had Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada!” Lang Ya land spirit cried out again: “Lad, what kind of dog shit luck do you have? No, don’t tell me you even have Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu, Dog Shit Luck?”


 “So Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu was actually Dog Shit Luck? Not fortune rivalling heaven Gu?”


 Lang Ya land spirit snorted: “He refined Fortune Rivalling Heaven in his later years. In his early years, it was Dog Shit Luck. I had cooperated with him when I was alive, how would I not know?”



***
Chapter 1030 - Making Hei Lou Lan Defect


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan had a peculiar expression, this was the first time he was hearing about Dog Shit Luck, this strange sounding Immortal Gu.


 In the current situation, it was not a big deal to expose Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals already knew about it, that meant the ten great ancient sects also knew of it, the entire world would basically know of it.


 Lang Ya land spirit continued: “It is a pity that this Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six, if it were the former rank nine Spring Autumn Cicada, you would definitely obtain victory. Since Spring Autumn Cicada is in Ying Wu Xie’s hands, you cannot allow him to use it! But thankfully, I have quite a few time path methods. Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six and I know who has it, it is quite easy to counter it.”


 “Counter Spring Autumn Cicada?” Fang Yuan felt great interest, in fact, this was his biggest worry currently.


 Lang Ya land spirit said: “Spring Autumn Cicada is merely rank six, so be it if we do not know who owns it, but since we know, it is easy to deal with. It might be Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s vital Immortal Gu, but so what? There are only invincible Gu Masters, there are no invincible Gu worms. In the entire world, time path is not the strongest, all of the different paths have their strengths. But if we use time path methods, it would be more effective as a counter.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and nodded, feeling that Lang Ya land spirit’s words made a lot of sense.


 Like just earlier, he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and was used by Shadow Sect after they deduced it.


 This was a classic example of wisdom path countering time path.


 Spring Autumn Cicada had its unique ability, but it was not invincible. Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. The world was balanced, it made sense that Spring Autumn Cicada was countered by other methods.


 “Since rebirth, I have been treating Spring Autumn Cicada as my greatest trump card. To think that I would need to deal with it one day.” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 When he was contacting Lang Ya land spirit, at the same time in Central Continent.


 Ming Tang valley.


 This valley that was bathed in light all year round was famous in Central Continent.


 It was under control of Wind Cloud Manor and Heavenly Lotus Sect, two of the ten great ancient sects, it was famous in Central Continent for being among the best places to produce light path Gu worms.


 This land of treasures was incredibly rich in light path dao marks, almost every twenty years, there would be wild light path Immortal Gu formed.


 Deep in this Ming Tang valley, there was a hidden demonic path Gu Immortal.


 Unmoving Mountain — Gong Sun Liang.


 Suddenly, he opened his eyes from his deep sleep.


 “Oh? Someone is calling me?” He muttered lightly, the suspicious expression on his face faded at once, turning into a serious and solemn expression.


 His consciousness entered his immortal aperture as he used a special information path method to communicate.


 “Boss, you want to borrow my Immortal Gu?”


 On the other end, in a deep part of Earth Abyss, Ying Wu Xie answered: “Yes.”


 Gong Sun Liang opened his eyes, without any sleepiness left. He was very hesitant, his gaze was flickering.


 He was a demonic path Gu Immortal, he had been chased and suppressed by Central Continent’s righteous path, especially the ten great ancient sects.


 He lived like a fugitive, during one of his near-fatal escapes, he fell into a trap and nearly died. At that time, he was saved by a mysterious man.


 Gong Sun Liang not only kept his life, under the lead of the mysterious man, he joined a mysterious organization.


 This organization was called — Defy.


 The members of the organization were identified with numbers, they were very mysterious.


 Gong Sun Liang had obtained much help from this organization. If not for that, he would not have been able to escape up until now, without getting caught by the ten great ancient sects.


 As time passed, he saw the importance of this organization, and had some guesses towards the motives of this organization.


 “This organization’s codename shows the time the person joined, and their status in the organization. Boss is at the top, he is the person who created ‘Defy’. He suddenly wants to borrow my Gu...”


 After hesitating for a long time, Gong Sun Liang gritted his teeth and nodded in agreement.


 Central Continent, Great Heavenly Sword Sect.


 Two sword path Gu Immortals, Miao Jun and Miao Yue, were discussing the matters of their sect.


 Suddenly, Miao Jun’s body shook, he received the information that Ying Wu Xie sent.


 Facing Ying Wu Xie’s request, Miao Jun was very hesitant, he said to Miao Yue: “The boss contacted me, he wants to borrow our Immortal Gu.”


 Miao Yue frowned: “This boss is very mysterious. We have only joined Defy for a short time, we have not heard about the boss’ information. But the moment he contacted us, he wants to borrow Immortal Gu...”


 Miao Jun nodded: “We joined Defy because we wanted their help. But earlier, when trying to leave Immortal Crane Sect, they did not provide us any help. And now, they want to borrow Immortal Gu from us, this boss is truly shameless.”


 A few years ago, someone in Great Heavenly Sword Sect ascended to immortal.


 Thus, this force had three Gu Immortals.


 Great Heavenly Sword Sect was a subsidiary force of Immortal Crane Sect, after having three Gu Immortals, they wanted to get rid of their vassal status from Immortal Crane Sect.


 Unfortunately, they did not succeed, Immortal Crane Sect’s plan worked and they lured their third Gu Immortal away.


 After this matter, Great Heavenly Sword Sect was ‘taken care of’ by Immortal Crane Sect, Miao Jun and Miao Yue’s lives were getting tough.


 The two wanted to borrow the strength of ‘Defy’, but their wishes were not granted, thus they were not happy.


 As a result, Ying Wu Xie failed to borrow their Gu using his identity as the boss.


 Bang!


 In Earth Abyss, in a secret room, Ying Wu Xie slammed the table in front of him, smashing it.


 “Hmph! Miao Jun, Miao Yue...” Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, his expression was dark.


 This organization called Defy was created by Shadow Sect.


 Central Continent was different from the other four regions, Heavenly Court ruled over it, its subsidiary forces, the ten great ancient sects, split up most of Central Continent’s resources and controlled it tightly.


 Below the ten great ancient sects, there were countless forces trying to survive.


 People looked up to bigger forces, who would not want to improve? Who would not want to expand their territory and obtain more resources for themselves?


 Especially Gu Immortals, they had to face tribulations once in a while. Thus, Gu Immortals were forced to improve, otherwise, they would die from the calamities and tribulations.


 It was not so easy to increase one’s strength.


 One couldn’t cook a meal without the ingredients, the most important thing was the lack of resources.


 But the ten great ancient sects had incredible strength, they occupied most resources. The other forces could not gather enough strength to influence their control.


 People with aspirations noticed this and interacted with one another, forming all sorts of alliances.


 But these alliances did not last long. Because Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects sowed discord between them, or the members of the alliance went into internal conflicts themselves.


 Of course, the fundamental problem was insufficient strength to challenge Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects.


 Shadow Sect thus secretly created the organization Defy, selecting the members carefully and getting stronger.


 But this was only a casual move. Even the Shadow Sect member who created the organization Defy back then did not have much expectations.


 The more members there were, the more inflated the organization was, and the more complex and hard to manage it was.


 Furthermore, these members were not otherworldly demons, they were not even fate escapees. They could not be used to resist heaven’s will.


 Thus, back then, Spectral Soul’s Gu refinement plan did not involve these people.


 If he mobilized them, would they listen? Even if they did, there was a high chance that heaven’s will would make use of them, it was not worth it.


 But at this moment, Shadow Sect’s plan failed, they were dealt a huge blow. After rebirth, Ying Wu Xie had to make use of the strength of Defy.


 His experience in borrowing Gu was not very successful.


 Most Gu Immortals gave lots of excuses.


 Immortal Gu were very precious, the identities of the members of Defy were kept secret, they did not know each other, the organization was not strict in enforcement. How difficult would it be to borrow Gu?


 Only people like Unmoving Mountain Gong Sun Liang, these demonic path Gu Immortals without any support would need to make use of Defy in order to escape from the pursuit of Central Continent’s righteous path, and avoid deductions.


 He could not leave Defy, thus, even if he did not want to, he had to take a risk and lend the Immortal Gu to Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie tried for a long time to borrow Gu, while Fang Yuan’s Gu worms were in the processing of self-detonating one by one.


 Eventually, even though Ying Wu Xie managed to suppress them, and prevented the Gu worms from continuing to self-detonate, his losses were severe.


 “Fang Yuan, good job! You are really resolute in cutting your losses.” In the darkness, Ying Wu Xie had a grim expression: “But only a person with your caliber would be able to obtain sovereign immortal fetus Gu, after all.”


 After suppressing Fang Yuan’s Gu worms, Ying Wu Xie used the borrowed Immortal Gu to get rid of Fang Yuan’s fake will in his mind.


 Just as he was about to continue and use the Immortal Gu to make Fang Yuan’s Gu worms his, he had a feeling as he noticed Hei Lou Lan’s actions.


 Hei Lou Lan was sitting on a rock bed, opening her eyes.


 She was frowning, as worry flashed across deeply in her eyes.


 In the room, from a corner within the darkness, Ying Wu Xie’s voice could be heard: “Hei Lou Lan, you can stop trying. In this place, it is impossible for you to use connecting heaven Gu to reach treasure yellow heaven.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze shined, she was about to speak.


 At this moment, Ying Wu Xie continued: “You don’t have to pretend and lie to me. I know you are suspicious of my identity, then I will tell you. That’s right, I am not Fang Yuan, I am Ying Wu Xie.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed.


 She was not Tai Bai Yun Sheng, she was not easy to fool.


 After ‘Fang Yuan’ woke up, he acted strangely, Hei Lou Lan held back her suspicions because they had to use Fixed Immortal Travel to escape first.


 But to think that Ying Wu Xie brought her here.


 There was a super Gu formation here, the defenses were tight, actually preventing connecting heaven Gu from use, she could not connect to treasure yellow heaven.


 After Hei Lou Lan failed to reach treasure yellow heaven, she realized that Ying Wu Xie’s identity was even more suspicious.


 But now, Ying Wu Xie directly told her the truth, Hei Lou Lan did not know how to react.


 “You know my identity.” Ying Wu Xie’s voice continued: “I am one of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split souls, I took over Fang Yuan’s body. You have two choices now, one is to die, the other is to abandon Fang Yuan and join me.”


 For Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, and was someone who escaped fate, she was a high quality pawn.


 But if Hei Lou Lan did not know what was good for her, he would kill her with no reservations. He could use Hei Lou Lan’s corpse to revive his current body.


 Using the Gu formation here, Ying Wu Xie was completely confident in taking down Hei Lou Lan.



***
Chapter 1031 - Flawless


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hei Lou Lan was startled and furious.


 Ying Wu Xie’s sudden declaration made her situation very passive.


 Even though Hei Lou Lan did not know that Ying Wu Xie was one of Spectral Soul’s split souls, she had experienced the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, she was aware that Ying Wu Xie, Shadow Sect, and Spectral Soul were on the same side.


 In the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Hei Lou Lan’s aunts, Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fairy Li Shan, had died one after the other.


 These two people were the only two remaining family members that Hei Lou Lan cared about.


 As Shadow Sect was the culprit for killing Blazing Heaven Demoness and Fairy Li Shan, Hei Lou Lan’s hatred was immense.


 Ying Wu Xie knew this but disregarded it, he directly approached her and forced Hei Lou Lan to surrender.


 If she did not, he would kill her!


 Even though Ying Wu Xie was in Fang Yuan’s body and was a rank six immortal zombie, he had the rank seven Gu Immortal Shi Nu with him, who had high battle strength. Most crucially, he had a super Gu formation set up here.


 It was able to prevent Heavenly Court from investigating the place, and could resist the attacks of the wild beasts living in Earth Abyss. Being able to protect Bo Qing’s remnant soul for so many years, this Gu formation was extraordinary.


 This was Ying Wu Xie’s greatest assurance.


 Even though Ying Wu Xie was only a split soul, he had inherited Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s killing nature and firm personality.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression was dark, deep hatred was flickering in her eyes.


 “Since Ying Wu Xie is fearlessly challenging me, he surely has made preparations and is fully confident. The other party’s capabilities are unfathomable, and they have a close relationship with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. If I resist, I would likely end up dead. I can only endure this and find a good opportunity later...”


 While having such thoughts, Hei Lou Lan snorted, speaking: “Your Shadow Sect killed two of my family members, you want me to join you, aren’t you afraid I will betray you?”


 “Hehehe.” Ying Wu Xie’s laughter could be heard: “What is there to fear?”


 Pausing for a while, he continued: “Firstly, I am strong while you are weak, there is nothing to fear. Secondly, I have information path methods to restrict you using an alliance agreement. Thirdly, I understand your personality. You have not taken revenge yet, Hei Cheng is still alive, are you satisfied with this ending? Even if you already had killed Hei Cheng, you would endure this for now and cultivate, finding a chance to take revenge in the future.”


 Hei Lou Lan was silent.


 Hearing that Ying Wu Xie was so aware of her personality, Hei Lou Lan’s heart sank.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated, Hei Lou Lan did not expect Ying Wu Xie to know so much about her. In contrast, she knew nearly nothing about him.


 This was caused by Fang Yuan.


 Back then, Old Man Yan Shi in Shadow Sect found out something wrong with Fang Yuan and used heavenly secret Gu to deduce matters about him.


 As someone close to Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan was implicated, Shadow Sect collected information about her, deducing many details.


 Ying Wu Xie originally did not know, but because of the Red Lotus true inheritance in the River of Time, he received the guidance of Spectral Soul’s will, he learned much about Hei Lou Lan.


 Seeing Hei Lou Lan become silent, Ying Wu Xie showed great patience, he did not rush her.


 There was only a hint of light in this simple room.


 Hei Lou Lan’s entire body was nearly shrouded in darkness.


 A long while later, she spoke: “You want to recruit me to deal with whom? If you want me to fight against Heavenly Court, you might as well kill me now.”


 “Hahaha.” Ying Wu Xie laughed:” No need to probe me, Hei Lou Lan. I want to recruit you to deal with Fang Yuan!”


 Bright light flashed in Hei Lou Lan’s eyes, her pitch became higher: “Oh, it seems Fang Yuan isn’t dead yet?”


 “Not only did he survive, he has obtained great gains!” Hatred could not be concealed in Ying Wu Xie’s tone.


 “You want to make use of me to harm Fang Yuan and take Hu Immortal blessed land for you?” Hei Lou Lan continued asking.


 “Hmph.” Ying Wu Xie smiled coldly: “Fang Yuan’s Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land should be empty already. The cultivation resources inside, including Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley, were all moved to Lang Ya blessed land.”


 “Lang Ya blessed land?”


 “Hehe, it is the place where you and Fairy Li Shan fought against Qin Bai Sheng, Hei Cheng, and Jiang Yu. Why? Fang Yuan didn’t tell you?” Ying Wu Xie asked.


 Hei Lou Lan sank into silence.


 Ying Wu Xie continued: “Lang Ya blessed land was the immortal aperture left behind by Long Hair Ancestor. It is a former grotto-heaven that had fallen to a blessed land. But its foundation is so abundant that it could be said to be the number one blessed land in the five regions. Imperial Court blessed land is already destroyed, no other blessed lands can match it.”


 “Fang Yuan not only moved his resources into Lang Ya blessed land, he even joined Lang Ya Sect, betraying humans and becoming the lackey of hairy men.”


 Hei Lou Lan heard this and her gaze flickered.


 Ying Wu Xie seemed to know her thoughts, he continued speaking with a smile: “You guessed right. I have an insider in Lang Ya blessed land. I know everything that happens inside Lang Ya blessed land. Fang Yuan will not be running around for long, you can only survive by joining me.”


 The sights of Yi Tian Mountain appeared in Hei Lou Lan’s mind again.


 Spectral Soul’s gigantic body was deeply ingrained in her mind.


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable...” Hei Lou Lan muttered internally, she gradually closed her eyes, saying solemnly: “The circumstances are not in my favor, I will join you. But I will remind you, even if you want me to deal with Fang Yuan, we still have an active alliance agreement.”


 “Merely an alliance agreement, I can get rid of it for you easily.” Ying Wu Xie said confidently.


 But Hei Lou Lan said: “Are you sure? Back then, when we made the alliance agreement, it was stated very clearly, if any side breaks the alliance agreement, the other party would not need to follow it anymore.”


 Ying Wu Xie felt that this was turning troublesome: “Oh? So if I help you get rid of the alliance agreement, I will be helping Fang Yuan indirectly?”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded: “Precisely.”


 Fang Yuan had included this line back then because he was afraid of Fairy Li Shan secretly removing the alliance agreement. After all, she primarily cultivated information path, Fang Yuan had to guard against her.


 But things changed too quickly, unexpected events happened in life.


 Fairy Li Shan died, and Ying Wu Xie wanted to help Hei Lou Lan remove the alliance agreement.


 “The essence of alliance agreements is the use of information path methods to leave information path dao marks on both the body and the soul. To remove the alliance agreement, I have to get rid of the information path dao marks.” Ying Wu Xie thought.


 “It is very easy for me to get rid of Hei Lou Lan’s information path dao marks, using this super Gu formation and my Gu worms, I can accomplish it. But this way, I will be helping Fang Yuan too.”


 Ying Wu Xie did not want that.


 In his opinion, the best situation would be that Hei Lou Lan was free from the alliance agreement, while Fang Yuan was still restricted by it.


 In this way, he could use Hei Lou Lan to deal with Fang Yuan, he would have a huge advantage.


 “Actually, it is not impossible to achieve that. As long as I can find the corresponding information path dao marks and remove them first.”


 On Hei Lou Lan’s body, there had to be one or multiple information path dao marks that represented the condition, ‘if one side breaks the alliance agreement, the other party did not need to follow it’.


 And these information path dao marks had to be related to the other information path dao marks.


 Ying Wu Xie only needed to remove these information path dao marks first, before removing the others to achieve the result that he wanted. In the future, he could use this alliance agreement to restrict Fang Yuan.


 “But to do that, it is very difficult...” Ying Wu Xie was frowning more deeply.


 Using an inappropriate analogy, the alliance agreement between Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan was like two interlinked bombs strapped onto them.


 Whichever side broke the alliance agreement would cause their bomb to explode, and they would suffer a severe punishment.


 Ying Wu Xie had the ability to remove Hei Lou Lan’s bomb now, but that would cause Fang Yuan’s bomb to deactivate as well.


 This was not what Ying Wu Xie wanted.


 But to get the result he wanted, he needed to get rid of Hei Lou Lan’s bomb while finding that crucial wire or multiple wires to remove first.


 It was very difficult to do that.


 Ying Wu Xie did not have the attainment level, and he did not have corresponding Immortal Gu either.


 “Damn it... this Fang Yuan does things so flawlessly!” Ying Wu Xie felt stifled internally.


 If it were before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, it would be easy for him to do this. He only needed to ask the other members of Shadow Sect to do it, there was even Spectral Soul’s main body!


 But the situation now was different from the past.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect’s plan failed, they faced massive losses, only a small portion of their forces were left in the five regions.


 Ying Wu Xie knew that even if he rebuilt Shadow Sect and combined all of the remaining forces, he could not reach its former level again.


 “In this way, Hei Lou Lan’s value is greatly diminished. Should I kill her and turn her into a Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, allowing me to obtain a life-and-death immortal aperture to revive?”


 Ying Wu Xie had an idea.


 But after considering it, he gave up on the idea.


 “Reviving with a life-and-death immortal aperture has a huge flaw, if I am unlucky, the immortal aperture might explode. I might as well use normal immortal zombies to create a stable life-and-death immortal aperture.”


 Thinking about the life-and-death immortal aperture, Ying Wu Xie naturally thought about sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 At once, he gritted his teeth, feeling his hatred towards Fang Yuan intensify.


 After Shadow Sect created the life-and-death immortal aperture revival method, they had performed many experiments and found lots of problems with it. Next, they paid a huge price to modify it step by step. Eventually, even Spectral Soul’s main body joined in, using the essence of human path, transformation path, and heaven path to create the Immortal Gu recipe for sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Fang Yuan snatched sovereign immortal fetus Gu and obtained the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture, he ascended to heaven in a single leap!


 Shadow Sect’s countless years of effort and hard work had turned to nothing.


 Such deep hatred could not be expressed in words.


 “Forget it, I should let Hei Lou Lan off. I am too short on manpower now, Hei Lou Lan’s aptitude is great, she can be a very good lackey.”


 “Fang Yuan! You will end up in my hands one day, by then, I will pull out all of your tendons, I will use every inch of flesh and skin on your body to refine the sovereign immortal fetus Gu again!!”



***
Chapter 1032 - Treasure Yellow Heaven Transports Gu Worms


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Well? Have you considered it? You are an external supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect, you can use your sect contribution points to exchange for the method.” Lang Ya land spirit smiled.


 Over in Central Continent, Hei Lou Lan was forced by Ying Wu Xie and had no choice but to submit, Fang Yuan did not know this and was contacting Lang Ya land spirit.


 Speaking of the method to counter Spring Autumn Cicada, Lang Ya land spirit was indeed formed from Long Hair Ancestor, he had a deep foundation.


 In their earlier conversation, Fang Yuan was shocked to find out that Lang Ya land spirit had more than ten methods! All of them were effective in dealing with Spring Autumn Cicada.


 These methods involved many aspects, with so many choices, at this moment, Fang Yuan felt a bit uncertain.


 But he quickly focused his mind, asking as he thought of something: “I have a question, how many sect contribution points do I have?”


 “Three hundred!” Lang Ya land spirit hesitated for a moment before answering.


 “Three hundred...” Fang Yuan frowned, he knew that he had not done anything for Lang Ya Sect yet after joining it. This amount of sect contribution was obtained because he had lent Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley, and wisdom Gu to Lang Ya land spirit.


 However, either of Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley, or wisdom Gu were unparalleled things, they were only worth three hundred sect contribution points?


 Immediately, Fang Yuan had some suspicion, but he did not question him, he asked in a roundabout manner: “First supreme elder, I am not sure how your three hundred points were calculated, I would like you to explain for me.”


 Lang Ya land spirit heard Fang Yuan call him ‘first supreme elder’ and felt very pleased internally.


 He said frankly: “This is very simple. Dang Hun Mountain counts as a hundred, Luo Po valley counts as a hundred, and wisdom Gu is also a hundred.”


 Fang Yuan’s tone became lower: “Wisdom Gu is a rank nine Immortal Gu, why is it worth the same number as Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley?”


 “No need to be suspicious.” Lang Ya land spirit quickly answered: “You lent all three of them to the sect, but my Lang Ya Sect has to bear the expenditure of the earth qi, and the feeding of wisdom Gu. Three hundred sect contribution points are given to you according to the rules in the sect. I know that fairness is required for a sect to grow, don’t worry, we will not shortchange whatever is rightfully yours, but we will also not give you extra that you did not earn.”


 After pausing for a while, Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Of course, if you contributed them to the sect, the contribution points would be much higher! It is possible for you to become the first supreme elder of the sect as well.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and couldn’t help but feel excitement. 

 Becoming the first supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect, wouldn’t he obtain the highest authority? Even if he was not the owner of Lang Ya blessed land, he would be able to mobilize the hairy man Gu Immortals inside Lang Ya blessed land, right?


 But quickly, Lang Ya land spirit said: “But for you to become the first supreme elder, you need to get rid of your human status and become a true hairy man. Only an exceptional hairy man can be the leader of the hairy men!”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s tone was full of confidence towards the ideology of hairy man rulership.


 Fang Yuan dispelled his earlier thoughts.


 He had no doubt that Lang Ya land spirit had methods to turn humans into hairy men. But if Fang Yuan became a hairy man, the price was too great.


 Most fundamentally, the current trend of human dominance could not be overturned. Hairy men and other variant humans, even if they became immortals, would be pushed aside and ostracized.


 Furthermore, hairy men and the other variant humans were flawed to begin with, they could not become rank nine venerables.


 Fang Yuan aspired to reach immortality, cultivation was only a tool. But evidently, the higher his cultivation level, the closer he would be to this goal.


 This logic was simple. Between an ant and a tree, which one was closer to eternal life?


 Fang Yuan only had three hundred sect contribution points, Lang Ya land spirit calculated the amount very precisely. He did not give Fang Yuan one point less or one point more.


 Fang Yuan sensed keenly that these three hundred sect contribution points were very precious, they had great value, if he used them wisely, they would be a huge help towards him!


 Thus, after he thought over it, he did not spend these contribution points rashly to obtain one of the ways to counter Spring Autumn Cicada.


 At the other end, Lang Ya land spirit said: “Sect contribution points are meant to be used. Don’t be too stingy with them, we have many sect missions for you. As long as you complete one, your sect contribution points will increase.”


 “Oh? What kinds of missions?” Fang Yuan asked lightly.


 Lang Ya land spirit wanted to make use of Fang Yuan’s strength, he naturally explained them to him.


 Fang Yuan soon shook his head, disappointment was all over his face.


 These sect missions were split into two types. One was to collect Gu refinement materials, the other was to spar with the hairy man Gu Immortals and nurture their fighting skills.


 Earlier, after Qin Bai Sheng and the rest attacked Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit turned from the shape of a human and white haired land spirit to a hairy man and black haired land spirit, the management of Lang Ya blessed land had changed drastically.


 The black haired land spirit wanted hairy men to be the rulers, the overlords of the Gu world, to trample on humans and all other races.


 Thus, he tried to train his hairy man Gu Immortals, wanting to raise their battle strength.


 Before this, these hairy man Gu Immortals only knew how to refine Gu, they did not even train normally, their battle strength could not be said to even be at the dregs.


 Currently, Fang Yuan did not have the time to help the black haired land spirit search for Gu refinement materials, or be the nanny of the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 “How about this, first supreme elder, I lack Gu worms now. Could you buy some Southern Border Gu worms from treasure yellow heaven and inspect to check that they are not tampered with. If they are fine, send them over to me.” Fang Yuan changed the topic, listing his needs.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not reject this.


 Batches of Gu worms quickly passed through connecting heaven Gu via treasure yellow heaven, reaching Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 The first batch was a large number of mortal Gu, including wine sack flower Gu, rice pouch grass Gu, spring water Gu, eating wind drinking dew Gu and others.


 The situation now was different.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, he did not need to eat.


 But now that he had revived, his body was alive, he needed to consume food and water.


 Even Gu Immortals would die if they did not eat. Unless they had the relevant food path dao marks.


 Other than these food path mortal Gu, there was also some clothing Gu.


 Fang Yuan was not satisfied with fire cape Gu and flying smoke Gu, the effect of the flames was too eye catching, they were unnecessary.


 After acquiring these clothing Gu, he immediately changed his clothes.


 There were also Gu for housing.


 For example, the wood path Gu worm, three star cave.


 After it was used, it would turn into a tree house with space in the trunk.


 The second batch provided was moving perspective cup Gu and stargate Gu.


 It was not safe to use treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure yellow heaven was an open market, it was not a secret channel.


 Moving perspective cup Gu used the Space Door to transport objects, it bypassed the five region’s regional walls, it was a superb mortal Gu!


 Be it the moving perspective cup Gu recipe or stargate Gu recipe, Lang Ya land spirit had already obtained them from Fang Yuan.


 According to the previous Lang Ya land spirit’s personality, he would have refined a lot of them.


 Thus, these two Gu worms were directly taken out from Lang Ya blessed land. Once they entered treasure yellow heaven, the two Gu worms shined with bright treasure light, it drew the attention of many Gu Immortals.


 They were mortal Gu, but the treasure light was really very bright, it was out of the ordinary.


 This special situation drew the attention of many Gu Immortals, they went to ask but Lang Ya land spirit rejected them.


 The third batch was also mortal Gu, they came from Lang Ya Sect’s storage, Fang Yuan wanted to use them to test his sovereign immortal aperture.


 The earlier tests were only observations on the surface.


 To learn about the secrets of the sovereign immortal aperture, he needed to use Gu worms as tools.


 The fourth batch was the main objective.


 Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan stole quite a number of Immortal Gu from immortal zombie Bo Qing, he used the light of wisdom and wisdom path methods to deceive these Immortal Gu temporarily, as he gradually refined them.


 Before joining the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he only managed to refine change soul Immortal Gu. And during the crucial moment in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he used it to turn the situation around.


 Right now, change soul Immortal Gu was still in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 As for the other sword path Immortal Gu, they were filled with Bo Qing’s will, they were much harder to refine compared to change soul Immortal Gu. They were left inside Hu Immortal blessed land, and were not brought to Yi Tian Mountain by Fang Yuan.


 After all, these Immortal Gu were not refined, they could not be used even if they were brought.


 As it turned out, it was lucky that Fang Yuan did not bring them.


 Otherwise, according to what happened, these Immortal Gu would be left in his body and become Ying Wu Xie’s property.


 These sword path Immortal Gu were the rank eight wisdom sword Gu, rank seven sword escape Gu. rank seven sword eyebrows Gu and rank seven flying sword Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit only sent sword escape Immortal Gu and flying sword Gu over to Fang Yuan.


 The two of them made an instant transaction.


 At the first moment, Fang Yuan used a rock that he picked up to buy sword escape Immortal Gu and flying sword Gu.


 “The treasure light is hundreds of meters tall, what happened?”


 “Transaction of Immortal Gu!!”


 “How is this possible?”


 “I saw it earlier. Someone bought two rank seven Immortal Gu immediately, they were so fast that no one could react.”


 “Buying two rank seven Immortal Gu? Heavens! I do not even have a single rank six Immortal Gu, who is that rich?”


 The earlier few batches of Gu worms had already attracted some attention. With this transfer, involving Immortal Gu, heated discussions were occurring in treasure yellow heaven!


 The trading of Immortal Gu was usually done through exchanges of Immortal Gu, they were rare even in treasure yellow heaven.


 Thus, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit’s transaction was like a rock that was thrown into a calm lake, ripples formed immediately.


 “Two Immortal Gu... each having around three hundred meters of treasure light. But the other party paid with a rock.” A lucky Gu Immortal who witnessed the transaction transmitted using his divine sense.


 This information caused more heated discussion between Gu Immortals again.


 “Impossible!”


 “A rock? Are you kidding me?”


 “This is not a normal transaction, they are using treasure yellow heaven to transfer Gu worms.”


 “Even if they are transporting Immortal Gu, it is very rare. Treasure yellow heaven’s fee is charged according to the treasure light’s height.”


 At once, countless divine senses conversed in treasure yellow heaven, the wills of many Gu Immortals were engaging in conversation enthusiastically.


 The commotion was similar to a mortal fish market.


 Because of Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit, the entirety of treasure yellow heaven was in chaos.



***
Chapter 1033 - Taking Large Strides With Unwavering Determination


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, on the peak of a nameless mountain.


 Fang Yuan held sword escape Immortal Gu in his left hand, and flying sword Gu in his right hand.


 He observed them.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu was like a golden bee, while flying sword Immortal Gu was like a silver winged dragonfly.


 Both had their merits.


 The first was a movement Immortal Gu, it was extremely fast, not inferior to the rank seven qi escape Immortal Gu. The second was very famous in history, it was Bo Qing’s most used offensive and defensive Gu worm.


 The aura of rank seven was oozing.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he stored the two Immortal Gu.


 After Yi Tian Mountain, the sword path Immortal Gu were all successfully refined under the light of wisdom, becoming Fang Yuan’s Gu.


 These two Immortal Gu were among them, Fang Yuan could use them now.


 With these two Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan felt more assured about his safety.


 Earlier, he had attitude Gu, change soul Immortal Gu, and unravel mystery Immortal Gu, he lacked movement and attacking methods. With these two Immortal Gu now, Fang Yuan’s weakness was alleviated, his battle strength surged!


 If he met Huo Kong Dong again, Fang Yuan could use his Immortal Gu to kill him.


 He had stopped using connecting heaven Gu.


 Because Lang Ya land spirit sent Sword Escape and Flying Sword, two rank seven Immortal Gu, treasure yellow heaven was in a commotion, more and more Gu Immortals were joining in and discussing the matter.


 In the Gu Immortal world, rank six Gu Immortals were the majority.


 And among them, a large portion did not have any rank six Immortal Gu.


 Thus, this transaction that involved two rank seven Immortal Gu had such a huge impact.


 Treasure yellow heaven was an open market, secrets could not be kept. Fang Yuan had no choice but to use treasure yellow heaven to transport his Immortal Gu.


 After obtaining two sword path Immortal Gu, he stopped using connecting heaven Gu, allowing treasure yellow heaven to dwell in that commotion on its own.


 Using moving perspective cup Gu, he continued to communicate with Lang Ya land spirit.


 “Just now, you spent thirty sect contribution points.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


 It was not free to use treasure yellow heaven to transport Gu worms.


 Treasure yellow heaven would take a cut from every transaction. According to the treasure light, the higher it was, the larger the processing fee.


 The processing fee was paid by Lang Ya land spirit, he converted them into sect contribution points in Lang Ya Sect and deducted them from Fang Yuan.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points fell, he had two hundred and seventy left.


 Of course, a portion of the thirty points had been used on Fang Yuan’s purchase of different mortal Gu.


 “I want to talk to you about the trade of guts Gu.” Fang Yuan replied.


 This discussion took a long time.


 Only until late at night, both sides came to a detailed agreement, concluding their negotiation.


 Trade of guts Gu!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, excitement was still lingering on his face.


 The winds of night blew, they were cold but were unable to extinguish the fire inside him.


 All along, Fang Yuan’s guts Gu trade had been restricted by the number of hairy man slaves.


 Because guts Gu needed airsac Gu as the container to leave Dang Hun Mountain, and to be sold outside. But airsac Gu needed Hei Lou Lan’s strength qi Immortal Gu as the Gu refinement material, and the hairy man slaves needed to refine it continuously.


 Now, Hei Lou Lan was missing, and strength qi Immortal Gu was not with Fang Yuan.


 But this was okay. Long ago, Fang Yuan had used the light of wisdom to deduce a new recipe. He had been keeping it a secret because he wanted to maintain his cooperation with Hei Lou Lan.


 Therefore, the number of hairy man slaves was the main limitation towards this trade.


 And it was very difficult to increase the number of hairy man slaves.


 Firstly, hairy man slaves were the most expensive among variant human slaves in treasure yellow heaven. Especially those skilled in refinement, they were even pricier.


 Secondly, the process of refining Gu was filled with danger, hairy man slaves would die during the process. Thus, even though Fang Yuan replenished many hairy man slaves, inside Hu Immortal blessed land, their numbers did not increase.


 Fang Yuan wanted to raise his own hairy men, but because he did not have the methods to do so, he could not execute this idea.


 But right now!


 Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect.


 How many hairy men were there in Lang Ya blessed land?


 It was an unimaginable number.


 This blessed land was perhaps the most populous location for hairy men in the whole five regions.


 Fang Yuan had his motives in lending Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley to Lang Ya Sect.


 Using the vast number of hairy men in Lang Ya blessed land to refine airsac Gu for him, the number of guts Gu produced would far exceed Fang Yuan’s previous scale, his profits would rise to an unprecedented level.


 “As long as it is inside treasure yellow heaven, even if Central Continent attempts to suppress it, so what? The trade of guts Gu will not be affected.”


 “I am really excited. According to our negotiation, even if Lang Ya Sect takes more than half of the benefits, my profits each month from the guts Gu trade would reach six thousand immortal essence stones!”


 Before this, Fang Yuan’s total profits, including his other businesses, only reached two thousand immortal essence stones a month.


 Now that he joined Lang Ya Sect, with just the guts Gu trade, he could obtain six thousand immortal essence stones a month.


 This was a number that many rank six Gu Immortals could not imagine!


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect after deep and careful consideration.


 Firstly, one day, when Fang Yuan faces the pursuit of the entire world, which place was more reliable than Lang Ya blessed land? Others were targeting Fang Yuan’s Giant Sun true inheritance, but they were also after Lang Ya blessed land. After Lang Ya land spirit transformed, he wanted to strengthen the hairy man race, he was a natural ally for Fang Yuan.


 Secondly, Lang Ya blessed land was very powerful, it resisted seven waves of attacks in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 Thirdly, Lang Ya land spirit could not lie, Fang Yuan would easily sense it should he decide to turn on him.


 With these three reasons, Fang Yuan joined Lang Ya Sect.


 Indeed, on the first night after reviving, he obtained a huge benefit.


 Fang Yuan not only used Lang Ya land spirit to solve his dangerous situation, he even used Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation to increase his wealth.


 “I have passed the weakest period after revival. Now, I need to inspect my nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.”


 This was a night without stars in the sky, cold winds were blowing.


 Fang Yuan entered the house Gu, after eating food, he inspected his immortal aperture.


 With so many mortal Gu, his efficiency in inspecting it was higher.


 It was a sleepless night.


 Around dawn, Fang Yuan left the three star cave Gu, seeing the start of the sunrise.


 Southern Border was mountainous and foggy, when the sun rises, it would make the direction where it was facing look like a burning cloud.


 As the sun rose, the first light of dawn could be seen as golden-red traces.


 Soon, light burst out, bringing heat along with it, like metal that had just come out of the furnace.


 The morning sun ascended slowly, the clouds between the mountain peaks were moving about, beautiful lights were created after the rays of sunlight hit them, there were gorgeous red clouds in the sky.


 In Fang Yuan’s heart, a grand feeling of ambition was brewing.


 “Ambitious mountains with steps firm as steel, taking large strides with unwavering determination. Taking risks to obtain the essence of the universe, my heart still seeks to rise beyond heaven.”


 As he recited, Fang Yuan opened his arms like a bird, jumping down the cliff before ascending rapidly. It was as if he was stepping on the clouds, flying towards the south-east direction.


 After this night, he gained a greater understanding of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The immortal aperture had a huge space of over 335000km2. Not just that, there were rich time path resources, one day in the outside world was two months inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Hei Lou Lan’s aperture, with her having the Great Strength True Martial Physique, was only at a one to thirty-eight ratio with the outside world’s time.


 But Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was one to sixty, it greatly exceeded that of Hei Lou Lan.


 But compared to the space in the immortal aperture, the time path aspect was not as impressive.


 But this was a huge relief to Fang Yuan.


 When the time flow in the immortal aperture was fast, calamities and tribulations would occur more frequently, and Fang Yuan would have bigger problems dealing with them.


 Perhaps Spectral Soul had considered this point when he was refining the Gu, at a ratio of one to sixty, it surpassed super grade blessed lands, but was not too exaggerated, Fang Yuan could handle it, although with difficulty.


 Other than time path resources, Fang Yuan also found sixteen beads of green grape immortal essence in his sovereign immortal aperture.


 An immortal aperture that was alive was different from a dead one, it could produce immortal essence.


 Sixteen beads of immortal essence in a day, that meant four hundred and eighty in a month, it was extraordinary, far surpassing Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 Fang Yuan also found that his body was full of dao marks.


 These dao marks were of all paths. Fire path, water path, wood path, light path, dark path... even poison path and luck path were encompassed within.


 What shocked Fang Yuan more was that these dao marks were not just high in variety, they were also of a large quantity.


 He could vaguely estimate that on average, each path had around a hundred dao marks.


 A hundred dao marks could amplify the effect of Gu worms by ten percent.


 No wonder Fang Yuan could use the fire path fire cape Gu and flying smoke Gu to such an extent.


 But this discovery did not make Fang Yuan happy, he felt a bit grim.


 Gu Immortals usually pursued one type of dao mark.


 Because dao marks could amplify the effect of Gu worms, they could also weaken and counteract them.


 For example, when a Gu Immortal who cultivates water path and has water path dao marks all over their body uses a fire path mortal Gu, the effect would be worse than a mortal Gu Master.


 Even if Gu Immortals cultivated more than one path, they would choose one to be primarily used.


 This was common sense in the Gu Immortal world.


 “But strangely, I used the mortal Gu of so many paths, but I did not feel any resistance and weakening from the dao marks of other paths. In fact, the amplification is working normally. This goes against the logic of the cultivation world, what is going on?”


 “There is another point, any Gu Master who ascends to immortal has a vital Gu. But my sovereign immortal aperture does not have one. What is going on?”


 Towards the mystical properties of the sovereign immortal aperture, the deeper Fang Yuan explored it, the more questions appeared in his mind.


 “I have already used all my methods for yesterday’s investigation. It seems that to understand the mysteries behind the sovereign immortal aperture, I need to get answers from Spectral Soul, Shadow Sect and Ying Wu Xie.”


 “But near Yi Tian Mountain, the changes are too large, with the dream realm manifested, Southern Border Gu Immortals would seal it up and turn it into a forbidden area for outsiders. And I also do not know Ying Wu Xie’s location.”


 “Forget it, the matter at hand is to find Southern Border’s current generation Ni Xiang!”



***
Chapter 1034 - Man-made Disaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, Rotten Mud Mountain.


 It was noon, the sun was high in the air, it was a clear sky with no clouds in sight.


 At a certain area in a forest at the back of Rotten Mud Mountain, a youngster was fighting with a mature bear.


 The atmosphere was tense.


 The bear stood as tall as three meters in height, it had a bulky body and brown fur which was thick and shiny. At this moment, the bear was opening its mouth, revealing its sharp teeth as its red eyes stared at the young man with a ruthless look.


 The young man who was facing this bear was only fifteen or sixteen years old.


 He was only five and a half feet tall, compared to the bear, he was tiny and weak.


 But the young man’s eyes were shining with vigor, he dared to face the bear head on, without any fear.


 Roar!


 The brown bear growled, opening its mouth and pouncing at the young man.


 The brown bear might look clumsy and heavy, but any experienced hunter would know that it had incredible explosive strength.


 When the brown bear moves from a still position, its speed rises rapidly as it pushes forward!


 The young man only felt a gust of wind as the bear suddenly arrived in front of him.


 The young man’s expression did not change, he activated his Gu worm during the crucial moment.


 His movement Gu allowed him to move away by a certain distance.


 The brown bear missed its target, it crashed into the tree behind the young man.


 With a loud sound, the thick tree trunk was snapped by the brown bear.


 With the falling of the tree, another loud sound was heard as it slammed on the ground.


 The surrounding birds flew away in panic.


 The young man let out a breath of cold air, thinking: Thankfully, I dodged in time. If this bear hit me directly, even if I had defensive Gu worms, my bones would break and I would suffer heavy injuries.


 However, after dodging this attack, the battle tilted in favor of the young man.


 The young man’s eyes shined brightly, he cried out: “Stupid bear, feel the power of my sword qi Gu!”


 Before he finished speaking, he had already stretched out his middle and index fingers on his right hand, pointing at the brown bear.


 The next moment.


 Whoosh.


 With a soft sound, a burst of pale white translucent sword qi shot out of the young man’s fingers.


 The sword qi flew through the air, hitting the brown bear’s back.


 But there was the aura of wild Gu on the brown bear. The fur on its back turned firm, becoming hard plates.


 The sword qi hit the hard plates and made a buzzing sound, as the sword qi dispersed.


 The brown bear’s bulky body was completely uninjured.


 It shook its head as it recovered from the dizziness earlier, it turned around towards the young man.


 The young man was dumbfounded.


 “What? This bear has a wild defensive Gu. How can my sword qi Gu hit it? Grandpa, did you intentionally put the wild Gu on that brown bear?” The young man shouted.


 “Hehehe, grandson, I walked along the mountain’s paths for over ten li to find this brown bear. It is a great opponent for you.” From the tree branches, a voice said this.


 It turned out that the young man’s grandfather had been sitting on top of the tree, watching his grandson fight this brown bear.


 The young man’s strongest method was sword qi Gu.


 But against the brown bear, it had little effect. Each sword qi could only shave off some of the bear’s fur.


 There was no choice, the young man could only dodge everywhere.


 The brown bear attacked fiercely, but it was a beast, it did not have enough intelligence.


 Even though the young man could not defeat the bear, he was agile and had much experience. Because of that, he dodged everywhere while causing the bear to crash into trees while fighting.


 Seeing the young man’s difficult state, the grandfather laughed: “Rascal, do you know sword qi Gu’s weakness now? It attacks by piercing, once it is countered, you will waste your primeval essence with no damage dealt. Come, catch this Gu.”


 Saying this, the grandfather tossed a Gu worm to the young man.


 In order to receive the Gu worm, the young man was almost hit by the brown bear, he tumbled to the ground.


 But because he reacted quickly, he rolled away from the brown bear’s bite.


 After getting some distance, he jumped and stood up again.


 “This is muddy Gu!”


 The young man cried out, recognizing this Gu worm.


 This Gu worm was not his, but his grandfather had lent it to him, the young man could use it with no problem.


 After injecting primeval essence into muddy Gu, the Gu worm shined with a murky light.


 The young man’s hand flicked, and the murky light on the Gu worm left his hand, landing below the bear’s feet.


 Gugugu...


 A large amount of bubbles emerged from the soil below the brown bear’s feet.


 In the blink of an eye, this area became a pile of soft mud.


 The brown bear’s two feet were stuck inside the mud.


 It struggled intensely, shaking off a lot of the mud on it.


 The young man was hit by mud on his body and face, but he did not care, he used muddy Gu again.


 The murky light went into the pile of mud again.


 The brown bear was already stuck at the bottom of the mud, it struggled and was about to get out.


 But because of the light, the mud deepened.


 The brown bear’s four limbs were stuck inside, the more it struggled, the more it sank.


 The bear stood on two legs, but the depth of the mud was already at its waist.


 When the young man used muddy Gu for a third time, victory was decided.


 The brown bear sank again, eventually, only its head was exposed, it growled, unwilling to give in.


 “I finally won.” The young man was tired, he sat on the ground, breathing roughly.


 His face was pale, his primeval essence was almost expended.


 With a soft sound, the young man’s grandfather jumped down from the tree, floating down slowly for several meters, landing in front of the young man.


 “Rascal, you know the advantages of muddy Gu now? Without this Gu, how could you defeat the brown bear?” The grandfather chided.


 The young man did not answer, he breathed roughly for a few seconds before snorting, looking at his grandfather: “Grandpa, you did this on purpose. I know you want me to give up on sword path and cultivate our Ni clan’s specialty, earth path, right?”


 The grandfather raised his finger and tapped the young man’s head, he said in a loving but bitter tone: “Rascal, you are smart, it would be great if you could use it on your earth path cultivation.”


 The young man had his face in his hands, saying: “But I like sword qi. It is so cool when I shoot out sword qi. Earth path is so lame, grandpa, look at me, I am covered in mud. After one battle, I lose all my coolness.”


 The grandfather heard this and stared with wide eyes, about to scold him further.


 But at this moment, the bells from the base of the mountain started to ring.


 Both of them were startled.


 The young man jumped up, standing and looking at the base of the mountain, saying anxiously: “Ah! This is the alert bell Gu of the clan. The bell is ringing so rapidly, what happened?”


 Go!” The grandfather was more direct, he stretched out his arm and grabbed the young man, running towards the base of the mountain rapidly.


 The young man felt the wind blowing past him, all he saw were shadows of trees that rapidly moved behind him.


 He was shocked: “This is the power of a rank five Gu Master? Such speed...”


 After a dozen breaths of time, the young man’s vision returned to normal as his grandfather put him down.


 With the sudden deceleration, he felt queasy, his stomach was churning as he almost vomited.


 “Lord clan leader.”


 “Greetings to lord clan leader.”


 The young man heard the voices of clan elders.


 He tried to stand up, but realized that he was already at the wall surrounding Ni clan village.


 The young man’s grandfather was Ni Kun, the current leader of Ni clan and a rank five Gu Master.


 Ni Kun frowned, asking with a serious expression: “What happened? Why was alert bell Gu used consecutively?”


 “Clan leader, the matter is urgent, take a look!”


 A clan elder used the clan’s Gu formation, this was an investigative Gu formation, it was directed to Ni Kun.


 Ni Kun’s vision flashed with all sorts of images, in an instant, he saw a scene a hundred li away from the village.


 His breathing paused, he frowned as he showed confusion on his face: “A beast tide! Strange, we had already survived a beast tide a year ago. And the surrounding beast groups near the village are insufficient in forming a beast tide.”


 “That’s right, we found it strange too.”


 “If there is an abnormality, there must be a cause! I suggest that we send our elite Gu Masters to investigative.”


 “Nevertheless, we should focus on defending ourselves. This beast tide is colossal, the question now is whether we can protect the village.”


 Ni Kun’s expression was grim.


 The danger had arrived so suddenly and severely.


 His grandson, Ni Jian, was staring blankly in a daze. Earlier, it was a calm and peaceful day, but now, his village was on the brink of destruction.


 “The beast tide is fierce, an attack of this scale has not been seen in decades. Ni clan is facing a life and death situation, activate all three layers of our defenses! Second elder, third elder, quickly go and lead our elites to use the heavenly fire Gu formation! Sixth elder, lead the medicine hall and the medical team. Seventh elder, check our transportation Gu formation. If anything goes wrong, send our youths away...” Ni Kun ordered.


 The elders knew that the situation was dangerous, they moved immediately, showing firm determination.


 The beast group attacked like fierce waves, rushing forward relentlessly.


 Wherever they went, dust rose as trees in the mountain were snapped.


 The young man, Ni Jian, saw this on top of the village wall and felt immense fear, his expression turned pale.


 He had never seen such a fierce beast tide.


 Normally, beast tides came in one species, for example, a wolf tide, or a tiger tide. But now, this beast tide had many different types of beasts, wolves, tigers, leopards, bulls, deer, foxes, snakes, and more were mixed in.


 “Strange! Why are these wild beasts not attacking each other, they are forming together and attacking our village?!” The grandfather Ni Kun mumbled.


 At the next moment, Ni Kun’s shuddered, the Ni clan Gu Masters around him also stared with wide opened eyes.


 The terrifying beast tide slowed down, before stopped entirely.


 An enormous group of beasts of all kinds stood ten thousand steps away from the village wall, watching the people in anticipation.


 Ni clan’s Gu Masters looked at each other, feeling uncertainty and fear.


 A mound tiger moved out.


 Mound tigers were mutated beasts, they had huge bodies, far larger than normal, they were like small mounds.


 Fang Yuan was lying on the mound tiger’s back, his eyes were half open as he looked at Ni clan.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, Ni clan’s Gu Masters shouted in shock.


 Ni Jian’s eyes were wide open, he finally realized — This beast tide was not a natural disaster, it was a man-made disaster!



***
Chapter 1035 - Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs, Qi Clans Two Immortals


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sky was grand and vast.


 White clouds rumbled, moving below one’s feet.


 A huge lion growled lowly as its four limbs stepped on the air, flying towards the cloud layer.


 This lion’s body was like snow, it was completely white.


 Its thick mane swayed in the wind, strong air currents were created below its feet.


 On the lion’s back, there was a huge chair, two Gu Immortals, one male and one female, were sitting together.


 The female was old and looked like she was in her sixties, but her eyes were shining brightly, she was excited and could not sit still, looking around.


 And the male had the appearance of a young man, he had a sharp nose and long thin eyes, his body was emitting a cool and experienced aura.


 “Great-uncle, your steed is really amazing, it can travel on the clouds, in just half a day, we have already flown tens of thousands of li.” The female Gu Immortal praised.


 “This is a desolate beast qi grand lion, it is not flying on the clouds, but it has the ability to control air currents, thus it can fly.” The young looking man explained patiently.


 “A lion that can control air currents and fly in the air, I have never seen such a thing. Desolate beast... what does that mean?” The female Gu Immortal asked.


 The young-looking male Gu Immortal smiled silently: “Qi He, you just ascended to become a Gu Immortal, it is normal that you do not know about common knowledge of the Gu Immortal world. This qi grand lion has qi path dao marks on its body, once it matures, it can soar through the skies. But this type of lion is very rare now, it is almost extinct in the five regions, it can only be seen in white heaven and black heaven now.”


 “As for desolate beasts, they are a certain rank of beasts. Like how Gu Masters have rank one, rank two and rank three, other than desolate beasts, there are ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts. Desolate beasts are equivalent to rank six Gu Immortals, because one desolate beast can fight evenly against a rank six Gu Immortal. And ancient desolate beasts are equivalent to rank seven Gu Immortals, while immemorial desolate beasts are equivalent to rank eight Gu Immortals.”


 The female Gu Immortal, Qi He, heard this and her eyes shined, she assessed the qi grand lion again, thinking: “No wonder I felt such danger from this lion. Thanks to great-uncle, I survived the tribulation from ascension and became a Gu Immortal. If I had to fight this lion, I might get torn to shreds.”


 The young-looking Gu Immortal, Qi Zai, was hundreds of years old, he had rank seven cultivation level, he only looked so young because of lifespan Gu.


 He was old and experienced, seeing Qi He’s face, he could guess what she was thinking.


 Stretching out his arm to pat this junior’s shoulder, Qi Zai consoled: “Little He, don’t worry, most people are like this after becoming immortal. When the matter I have to deal with is settled, we can return to Qi Sea grotto-heaven, your seniors are there, if the seniors know that our Qi clan has another Gu Immortal, they will be very happy. You will live in the grotto-heaven for some time and learn from your elders. Remember to observe carefully and ask questions.”


 “Thank you for your advice, great-uncle.” Qi He had a serious expression, standing up and bowing to Qi Zai solemnly.


 “Mm... let’s sit down and talk.” Qi Zai nodded, showing a proud expression on his face.


 Qi He sat down, showing a confused expression, she hesitated for a while before saying: “Our Qi clan has a lot of Gu Immortal elders, why are we not imitating Southern Border super forces like Wu clan and Shang clan?”


 Qi Zai smiled as he said: “You want to ask, why is it that we elders who have become Gu Immortals are not acting like Wu clan and Shang clan, looking after our descendants. Instead, we allow our juniors to get bullied and suppressed, is that right?”


 “I wouldn’t dare to.” Qi He said anxiously.


 “In the past, when I had just become an immortal, I had the same question as you.” Qi Zai sighed, he showed a look of reminiscence: “The reason is quite complex, it will take some time to explain.”


 “The underlying cause of this relates to our Qi clan’s ancestor, he was one of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs thousands of years ago.”


 “Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs?” Qi He asked.


 “The Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs were five publicly recognized Gu Immortal experts in Southern Border during that time. The five of them had rank eight cultivation level, at the peak of the Gu Immortal world. They often collaborated and explored white heaven and black heaven together, they had a close relationship, thus they were known as the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. Our Qi clan ancestor was one of the Five Xiangs, Qi Xiang. And our Qi clan cultivates qi path primarily.”


 “Rank eight Gu Immortals!” Qi He was lost for words.


 Qi Zai sighed: “In the absence of rank nine, rank eights dominate! Every rank eight Gu Immortal is a legend, their actions have huge impact. And back then, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs were extremely famous, even in the other four regions. And because these five people had similar interests and a close relationship, they often fought enemies together. In most situations, rank eight Gu Immortals work alone. Thus, in white heaven and black heaven, other rank eight Gu Immortals would avoid the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs if they encountered them.”


 “During that time, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world had the edge over the other four regions because of the Five Xiangs, they had incredible fame. But dozens of years later, the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs disbanded.


 As he said that, Qi Zai’s tone became deeper.


 “Why?” Qi He asked.


 Qi Zai sighed, continuing: “I am not sure about the exact details. Supposedly, back then the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs found a huge secret while exploring white heaven. This secret represented an unimaginable achievement, but only one person could obtain it. All of the five Xiangs wanted to get it, but they did not relent. Because their strength was similar, and because of their relationship, they created a bet.”


 “Bet?”


 “That’s right, this bet had a thousand year duration. The rules of the bet were: The five Xiang could only watch as their descendants developed on their own. A thousand years later, whichever clan had the most Gu Immortals would be the winner.”


 Qi He considered the time, a thousand years had already passed, she quickly asked: “Then who won?”


 Qi Zai smiled bitterly: “A thousand years later, two clans had the same number of Gu Immortals, the victor could not be decided. The other three clans were unwilling to give up, thus, with two clans against three, another round of betting was decided upon. Thus, a thousand years, two thousand years, three thousand years... until now, the five ancestors already died long ago, but the bet is still ongoing.”


 “So that’s it!” Qi He heard this old secret and was tongue-tied.


 After a while, she accepted this fact and sighed: “That means without this agreement, Southern Border would have five more super forces?”


 But Qi Zai shook his head: “Among the five Xiangs, there were lone immortals and demonic path members, developing clans is something only righteous path members generally have the patience to do.”


 “Our Qi clan had Qi Xiang, who are the other four Xiangs?” Qi He asked again.


 Qi Zai responded: “Qi Xiang, Ni Xiang, Bai Xiang, Xue Xiang, Chi Xiang, they were known as the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. The following place I am going is where the current generation Ni Xiang is.”


 “Why does great-uncle want to go to Ni Xiang?”


 Qi Zai hesitated for a moment before smiling: “Alright, it is not an issue to tell you. Recently, a huge matter happened in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, large numbers of Gu Immortals died around Yi Tian Mountain. One of our elders from Qi clan died there. Thus, we are here to find the current generation Ni Xiang, so that they can help us deduce the truth.”


 “Ah! Yi Tian Mountain...” Qi He cried out.


 Regardless of what had occurred in Fang Yuan’s previous life, this time around, the battle of Yi Tian Mountain involved both mortals and immortals. Thus, Qi He had heard about it long ago.


 But she only knew that Southern Border’s forces sent their mortal experts to attack Yi Tian Mountain and exterminate the demonic path in order to defend the righteous path. In Southern Border, there had been no demonic path power that was so brazen to create a force. Thus, the righteous path was trying to take them down.


 Qi Zai thus told Qi He the gambling contest of Yi Tian Mountain.


 Qi He finally realized that the truth was like this.


 She muttered: “The difference between immortal and mortal is as far apart as clouds and mud. Those rank four and five experts are just pawns of the immortals.”


 This truth had great impact towards Qi He, who had just become a Gu Immortal.


 Qi Zai heard this and smiled internally.


 When Gu Masters become immortals, not only would their strength and cultivation change, their mentality also had to change.


 At this moment, Qi Zai could use the matter of Yi Tian Mountain to stimulate Qi He’s growth, so that she could adapt to her new identity.


 Soon, there was silence.


 Only the qi grand lion was still running in the air, Qi Zai and Qi He had turned silent.


 Clouds moved around them, the world seemed vast.


 Because there were Gu formations on the chairs, they did not feel any wind or noise.


 Could any mortal see such a sight?


 Qi He saw this and felt how huge the world was, mortals were like insects, her complex feelings faded gradually, she thought: “That’s right, I am a Gu Immortal, I am not a mortal anymore. Mortals and immortals are different, I need to remember this.”


 After telling herself that, Qi He’s mood returned to normal, even her mind had undergone a change.


 Qi Zai nodded internally at this, saying: “Actually, during these last few thousand years, among the descendants of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs, our Qi clan is the most prosperous. Xue Xiang’s descendants cultivate blood path, they are almost wiped out. Chi Xiang’s descendants are staying inside their immortal aperture and live like livestock, they do not have any urge to improve themselves, they are lazy and only want to eat, they are nothing significant. Bai Xiang’s final traces of bloodline have all died recently. As for Ni Xiang, even though they have several branches in Southern Border, there are no longer any Ni clan Gu Immortals.”


 Qi He understood why, she nodded: “Becoming an immortal is really difficult, if not for great-uncle’s help, I would have died in the calamity and tribulation already.”


 Qi Zai smiled, shaking his head as he said to Qi He with deep meaning: “Actually, Ni clan had the most hope in producing Gu Immortals. But because of that, the other clans obstructed them, resulting in their pitiful state now.”


 “Three thousand years after the bet was created, Ni clan had a greatly talented refinement path Gu Immortal, Ni Ren, he was the final Gu Immortal in Ni clan’s history. Before dying, he planned for his clan’s future. He broke the rules of the agreement, helping Ni clan and selecting Immortal Gu to refine into his future descendants’ bloodline.”



***
Chapter 1036 - Grudge Qi Mudman


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Ah? What does that mean?”


 “Once in a while, a Gu Master in Ni clan would awaken their bloodline. If they survive, an Immortal Gu would grow inside their body.”


 Qi Zai looked at the clouds in front of them as he continued saying: “Ni Ren did that to help Ni clan produce Gu Immortals. He was talented indeed, by refining Immortal Gu into his descendants’ bloodline, others could not take them away. Even if they tried to reverse refine it, it would fail. And these Immortal Gu were specially chosen and could be used by mortals, although the price would be high.”


 Qi He blinked as she felt admiration towards Ni Ren: “If I could have the help of Immortal Gu, I might have been able to survive my calamity and tribulation alone.”


 Qi Zai suddenly laughed sinisterly, a cold aura emanating from his body: “Ni Ren worked hard, but in the last few thousand years, there has not been a Gu Immortal from Ni clan. The Immortal Gu that he chose had too high of a cost, even if the mortal controlled an Immortal Gu, and even if it could not be snatched away by others, this was still like a baby holding onto a treasure, how could they be safe?”


 “Once someone creates an Immortal Gu in their body among Ni clan, we call them the current generation Ni Xiang. The first Immortal Gu created is an information path Immortal Gu, called ‘Yes or No’. This Gu can get the information from heaven and earth, and be expressed by the Gu Master, but they can only say either yes or no. Every time they answer a question, the Gu Master would expend fifty years of lifespan.”


 Qi He’s brows rose: “Fifty years of lifespan? This price is so huge! How can this current generation Ni Xiang do it willingly?”


 Qi Zai smiled and did not answer.


 Qi He’s body slightly shook.


 She had over sixty years of life experience, she had gone through many things, she finally realized what Qi Zai meant when he said this.


 “Each answer costs the current generation Ni Xiang fifty years of lifespan, how can they be willing? But great-uncle is a Gu Immortal, while the current generation Ni Xiang is only a mortal, does it matter if they are unwilling?”


 “Ni clan is in such a pathetic state now, most likely, they were schemed by Qi clan’s ancestors.”


 “And my Qi clan is in a bad state, do the senior Gu Immortals really have no way to help?”


 At once, Qi He felt a chill.


 In their following journey, Qi He became quiet, no longer speaking.


 Qi Zai kept his mouth shut, he was someone who did not speak much to begin with.


 Just now, he spoke so much in order to educate the junior, Qi He. Now that she was an immortal, she was one of Qi clan’s Gu Immortals.


 This action by Qi clan was by no means righteous. If newly included Gu Immortals had beliefs that did not fit with it, there would inevitably be conflict among the members.


 Qi Zai did not speak explicitly, but Qi He had already understood his words.


 “Rotten Mud Mountain is not far away. This time, I should let Qi He handle this particular Ni clan. Even if the whole of the Ni clan here is sacrificed, there is no issue.” Thinking of this, Qi Zai’s eyes shined with cold light.


 At Qi Zai’s will, the qi grand lion descended.


 The scene was filled with white clouds.


 Soon, the qi grand lion went below the cloud layer and Qi He’s field of vision expanded, she could see mountains, rivers, and forests below her. She had never seen such a grand sight when she was a mortal, she was quite amazed.


 And among these mountains, there was a tall black mountain that was very eye-catching, it stood out among the other mountains.


 Even the trees on this mountain were brown-black in color.


 “Eh?” As they got closer, Qi Zai’s eyes focused.


 Soon, Qi He also found something wrong.


 On the east side of the mountain, towards the sun, there was a village.


 But now, this village had already turned into ruins. Rivers of blood were everywhere, corpses were piled up on the ground.


 Not only were there human corpses, there were also beast corpses.


 “What happened?” Qi He cried out.


 The qi grand lion slowly landed on this bloody land, as the two Qi clan immortals looked at the battlefield.


 The intense smell of blood assaulted their noses. Qi He was unable to bear watching this terrible sight.


 Qi Zai had a cold and indifferent expression, he muttered: “Rotten Mud Mountain has a special property in the soil, the blood has not dried yet, evidently, Ni clan was slaughtered less than one or two days ago.”


 “Something’s strange. There are many types of wild beasts here, it is not a normal beast tide. Ni clan was really unlucky to have encountered such a beast tide.” Qi He said.


 Qi Zai looked on with a cold gaze: “Hmph, what beast tide, this is a man-made disaster! There is only one type of beast tide in Rotten Mud Mountain, that is the mud monster beast tide.”


 Qi He was shocked: “What? Who is it, they are so cruel, doing something so immoral!”


 But she then thought over it briefly and said: “This person can control a huge number and different types of beasts, they have an amazing method, since when did Southern Border have such an amazing enslavement path Gu Master?”


 “Hmph! This person is not a Gu Master, it is a Gu Immortal.” Qi Zai walked to the middle of the village.


 At the center of the village ruins, there was a layer of black mud, it was a clear contrast to the surrounding blood.


 “This Ni clan has control of a desolate beast mud monster. Although this mud monster is already close to dying, no matter how strong an enslavement path Gu Master they are, the beast tide would not be able to do anything to this desolate beast mud monster. This is the work of a Gu Immortal!” Qi Zai said grimly.


 “Gu Immortal?” Qi He did not expect that it was a Gu Immortal.


 She felt strange. She had lived for decades without seeing a single Gu Immortal. To think that during her tribulation, she would meet her great-uncle, and now there were traces of another Gu Immortal.


 “I am a rank six Gu Immortal now, things are different, the people I can encounter are completely different as well.” Qi He thought to herself.


 Qi Zai’s expression was turning grimmer.


 He came here to find the current generation Ni Xiang. But now, Ni clan village was completely wiped out, there was little hope of his plan succeeding.


 “Hmph! Killing the whole of Ni clan and leaving, I want to see who you really are.”


 Qi Zai snorted, deep killing intent appeared: “You think that by doing this, I can’t find you? How can the methods left by Ancestor Qi Xiang be ordinary methods?”


 Qi Zai said this as he stretched out his right hand.


 Two of the fingers on his right hand curled inwards, only his thumb, index finger, and middle finger were pointed out.


 The three fingers tapped at the air, Qi He did not think much of the small movements, but soon, the disturbance caused by this move was huge.


 Boom.


 The entirety of Rotten Mud Mountain shook, air currents moved and shook intensely, the rubble of the village, like snapped wood and bricks, were blown away by the strong wind.


 Qi He took a step back, she was shocked by the huge force created.


 Howl howl howl...


 Pale green aura rose up in all areas of the battlefield.


 At first, there were only a couple dozen of them, but soon, the number of traces of pale green aura rose to hundreds, then thousands, flying in the air. At once, the entire battlefield was covered in green light, it was a grand sight.


 “Come.” Qi Zai shouted, three fingers were hooked, resembling a strong eagle claw.


 He grabbed at the pale green aura dancing in the air.


 The aura was affected by a strong suction force, gathering towards the eagle claw that Qi Zai’s hand resembled.


 In a few tens of breaths, the pale green aura in the air was completely gone, having fused into Qi Zai’s hand.


 Qi Zai’s hand was no longer of normal color, it had turned into a peculiar jade green.


 “Great-uncle, your hand!” Qi He only took a look and felt her body and mind tremble, an intense feeling of grudge assaulted her.


 “You have just passed your immortal ascension, you are still very much like a mortal, don’t get close.” Qi Zai instructed, but his voice was still as low and calm as always.


 Qi He nodded, taking a few steps back, turning her gaze around.


 Next, she heard Qi Zai say: “The pale green aura is the grudge qi that is scattered all over this battlefield. That Gu Immortal killed Ni clan’s entire village, not even letting the children and elderly live, he was truly ruthless. Ni clan did not have a single survivor, they are naturally feeling grudge towards their fate and the person who killed them. The aura is not only left in the battlefield, they are still entangled around the murderer.”


 “Go!” Qi Zai shouted.


 At the same time, he opened his hand, slamming the pale green hand towards the black mud below him.


 In an instant, all of the grudge qi was sent into the mud by Qi Zai’s action.


 This was not ordinary mud, it was filled with earth path dao marks from the corpse of the desolate beast mud monster.


 “Qi path has a long history, Little He, watch closely, this is one of the signature methods of our Qi clan.” Qi Zai could not conceal his pride.


 With a whooshing sound.


 The mud rumbled under Qi Zai’s method, forming into a giant mud ball.


 The thick mud ball floated in the air, rotating on its own.


 On the surface of this mud ball, there were countless faces.


 These faces showed anger and hatred.


 “Puff!” Qi Zai breathed out, blowing out a breath of mystical aura.


 The aura entered the mud ball, as the latter quickly transformed into a monster made from mud.


 The mudman shouted: “Kill! I want to kill you!”


 Qi He gasped: “A member of Ni clan revived?”


 Qi Zai’s method was simply unfathomable in her eyes.


 “Ever since fate Gu was broken, the world began to have many revival methods.” Qi Zai explained, turning towards the frenzied mudman monster, asking: “What is your name?”


 “Ahhhhh...” The mudman monster was still shouting, its limbs were still moving around, expressing its rage.


 Qi Zai frowned, he asked again.


 The mudman monster did not listen, it continued cursing: “Murderer! You forced my grandpa to die! I will tear your into shreds!”


 Qi Zai snorted as he shifted his thoughts.


 The mudman monster was created by him, he could naturally control it.


 “Who are you? You are a murderer too! I will also...” The mudman monster’s body shook as if it was hit by lightning, mud was falling off of its body.


 The cursing ended, the mudman monster calmed down, looking at Qi Zai and Qi He with its hollow eyes.


 Qi Zai let out a breath of air, he knew that this mudman monster had very low intelligence, it was made from grudge qi. Questions could not be asked too rapidly, he had to ask slowly and progressively.


 “What is your name?”


 “Ni Jian!” The mudman monster shouted.


 Qi Zai misinterpreted his words as ‘you bastard 1 ‘, his eyes shined with cold light as he waved his sleeves while snorting.


 With a splat, the mudman monster broke apart, turning into a pile of mud on the ground.



***
Chapter 1037 - Difficulties of Three Parties


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qi Zai snorted, pointing his finger as the mud gathered into a mud ball again.


 On the surface of the mud ball, there were countless faces filled with hatred. Even though it was silent, this scene made Qi He feel a cold chill internally.


 Qi Zai waved his sleeve as the mud ball turned back into a mud monster again.


 Qi Zai gasped lightly, thinking: “This is the grudge qi from earlier. I had already dispelled this grudge qi once, but it could show up again by suppressing the other grudge qi and regaining form. It seems its owner had felt an immense grudge before dying.”


 Qi Zai asked again: “What is your name?”


 “Ni Jian.”


 This time, Qi Zai heard him clearly.


 Thus, he continued asking: “How old are you?”


 “Fifteen.”


 Qi Zai asked as the mud monster answered.


 Qi Zai’s questions gradually became more in depth and more difficult.


 As time passed, after a while, Qi Zai finally learned what had happened in Ni clan.


 A mysterious Gu Immortal had controlled the beasts and attacked Ni clan village. His motive was like that of Qi Zai, it was to find the current generation Ni Xiang.


 But unlike Qi Zai, he did not know who the current generation Ni Xiang was.


 Thus, he used the lives of the entire village to threaten and force the current generation Ni Xiang out.


 Without a choice, the Ni clan leader had to step up.


 As it turned out, he was the current generation Ni Xiang who had yes or no Immortal Gu in his body.


 The Gu Immortal was overjoyed, forcing the Ni clan leader to use yes or no Immortal Gu and answer his question. He promised that as long as he received a satisfactory answer, he would spare Ni clan village.


 In order to protect the entire clan, the Ni clan leader chose to believe the Gu Immortal and sacrificed himself.


 After the mysterious Gu Immortal obtained the answer he wanted, he went back on his words and ordered the beasts to attack the village.


 Ni clan village felt furious and bore deep hatred, they resisted but fell back rapidly, suffering great losses due to the huge beast group.


 At the moment of life and death, the desolate beast mud monster that Qi Zai subdued came to save them.


 It turned out that the Ni clan villages that were scattered all over Southern Border were purposely preserved by Qi clan’s Gu Immortals. Qi Zai was in charge of Rotten Mud Mountain, once in a while, he would do a check, thus, he knew that the current generation Ni Xiang was Ni clan leader.


 He had subdued a desolate beast mud monster in a swamp of the mountain, leaving his will in it. This will manipulated the mud monster to protect Ni clan from mishaps.


 As the incident occurred, the mud monster rushed to the scene and protected Ni clan.


 But the mysterious Gu Immortal was very strong, he attacked personally and killed the mud monster after many attacks.


 Once the mud monster died, Ni clan’s remaining clansmen were submerged by the beast group, not a single person survived.


 The peaceful Ni clan village had been turned into a ruin, corpses were everywhere, it was a pitiful sight.


 Days later, at this moment when Qi Zai and Qi He arrived, they found out about this.


 This Ni Jian was the young clan leader of the village, the grandson of the Ni clan leader. he had lost his parents at a young age, he was brought up by his grandfather and was carefully nurtured, they had a close relationship.


 His grandfather was forced into death by the enemy, and the enemy even went back on his word and killed the entire village, including himself.


 After he died, his soul was taken away, only his deep grudge was remaining and did not dissipate.


 Qi Zai asked one question at a time, Ni Jian had a deep impression of Fang Yuan, he said everything he knew.


 According to his answer, Qi Zai obtained an idea of Fang Yuan’s appearance.


 This was a short but muscular old man, he had a black and white beard, he looked tough like steel nails. He was yellow skinned and had small eyes, his teeth were unevenly positioned.


 “Who is this?” Qi Zai searched through his memories, but he did not recognize this person.


 Of course he did not.


 Fang Yuan was a vigilant person, even when facing unthreatening mortal Gu Masters, he still disguised himself and changed his appearance.


 Actually, even if Qi Zai had appeared personally and saw Fang Yuan, he would not be able to expose his disguise.


 Because not long ago, Fang Yuan had already obtained enough Gu worms via Lang Ya land spirit to use the immortal killer move, familiar face.


 “This Gu Immortal is likely a secluded cultivator in Southern Border... sigh, it is a time of unrest!” Qi Zai sighed to himself.


 Ever since the gambling contest on Yi Tian Mountain, a large number of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals had died for some reason.


 And these Southern Border Gu Immortals who died were mostly those who controlled certain areas in Southern Border, they had control of countless cultivation resources.


 This way, a power vacuum was created.


 Many lurking Gu Immortals who were normally rarely seen started appearing one by one.


 “This person had to attack the desolate beast mud monster many times, he does not have outstanding strength, he is likely to be a rank six Gu Immortal. He actually knows about the current generation Ni Xiang, this secret is not known by Wu clan or Shang clan. Is he the descendant of one of the other three Xiangs?”


 Qi Zai hesitated for a moment before deciding to pursue him.


 Qi clan was already in sight of victory regarding the ancient bet by the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. But at this final juncture, a mysterious Gu Immortal appeared, this matter was extremely important, even more than investigating the deceased Qi clan Gu Immortal, he, Qi Zai, had to pursue it!


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Guh.


 A basin of cold water was poured on Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s face.


 Fang Zheng, who was unconscious, shuddered, waking up instantly.


 “Where... is this?” He opened his eyes, realizing that he was in a cage, as a captive.


 And around him, there were two hairy men wearing armor.


 One of them was carrying an empty basin, there was still water droplets inside.


 The other was holding a leather whip, sneering.


 “Who are you? Where is this?” Fang Zheng struggled intensely, but he was tied up and could not move.


 “Kid, you are finally awake? You seem pretty lively.” A hairy man prison guard said as he raised his leather whip, swinging it.


 With a loud cracking sound.


 The leather whip landed on Fang Zheng’s chest, an intense pain assaulted him.


 His thin shirt was torn from the lashing, blood flowed out of his wound, dripping down.


 Fang Zheng sucked in a deep breath, his face was distorted as he screamed loudly.


 “What are you screaming for?!” The hairy man prison guard had a fierce expression, he whipped again.


 This lash hit his face, he was disfigured.


 Fang Zheng screamed in pain again.


 The hairy man prison guard was even more excited now, he kept whipping as he spat out saliva: “Dog shit human, go ahead and scream, scream!”


 Fang Zheng was tortured and felt anguished, he was abused terribly.


 With the intense waves of pain assaulting him, he finally remembered: He was originally imprisoned in Hu Immortal blessed land by his brother, Fang Yuan, but one day, a large group of hairy men came and brought him away.


 “What happened? What in the world happened?” Fang Zheng was confused.


 But he was not confused for long, the pain soon caused him to faint.


 “He fainted, this lad is really weak.”


 “Hehe, pour some more cold water, wake him up!”


 The two hairy men laughed sinisterly.


 The bone chilling water was poured over Fang Zheng again.


 Fang Zheng’s body spasmed, he opened his eyes slowly.


 His consciousness was returning, but the pain in his body was becoming clearer and more intense.


 The hairy man who whipped Fang Zheng took a huge step forward and stood in front of Fang Zheng.


 Next, he stretched out his hairy arm, grabbing Fang Zheng’s face, gritting his teeth: “Lad, don’t think of surviving after ending up in our hands. Nobody will save you! Hu Immortal blessed land has already been taken over by our great hairy man Gu Immortals, your brother died in battle already.”


 “Cooperate with us and we will let you die peacefully without much torture. Tell us, how much do you know about Hu Immortal blessed land? How much do you know about your brother’s secrets?”


 Fang Zheng heard this and felt that his mind was quaking.


 He was in a daze, looking at the hairy men in shock, he cried out: “What? Fang Yuan is dead?!”


 “Hmph, he was attacked by our hairy man Gu Immortals, as a mere immortal zombie, how could he not die? He has already been torn to shreds, hahaha.”


 “Us hairy men are not to be trifled with. One day, we will attack and trample all humans under our feet!”


 The two hairy man prison guards laughed.


 Fang Zheng knew little about Gu Immortals, he was convinced by these two.


 His gaze was empty, he was dejected.


 Central Continent, deep in Earth Abyss.


 In a dark room, Hei Lou Lan was sitting with her eyes shut.


 The door opened, Ying Wu Xie stood outside.


 Hei Lou Lan opened her eyes slowly, she did not speak, only looking at him.


 Frankly speaking, the result of the battle of Yi Tian Mountain was out of Hei Lou Lan’s expectations. Seeing this familiar ‘Fang Yuan’, Hei Lou Lan had complex emotions.


 “I have decided.” Ying Wu Xie said, breaking the silence.


 “Oh? I am listening.” Hei Lou Lan said.


 She knew that the judgment of whether she lived or died had come.


 If Ying Wu Xie was unwilling to get rid of the alliance agreement for her, she would definitely be killed. Evidently, since Ying Wu Xie exposed his identity, he would not allow Fang Yuan’s ally to stay around him.


 If Ying Wu Xie decided to get rid of the alliance agreement and recruit Hei Lou Lan, she would be able to live.


 Ying Wu Xie had hesitated for a long time.


 He wanted to use Hei Lou Lan to deal with Fang Yuan by getting rid of the alliance agreement only on her end. But Fairy Li Shan had deep information path attainment, and with Fang Yuan’s meticulous planning, Ying Wu Xie’s plan failed before it even begun.


 Hei Lou Lan’s value fell greatly.


 After all, Hei Lou Lan and Shadow Sect had a deep grudge.


 If breaking Hei Lou Lan’s information path alliance agreement was the same as releasing Fang Yuan from it, he would have to use a new alliance agreement to restrict Hei Lou Lan.


 If he gave up on it, he would kill Hei Lou Lan. Even though he could not obtain her Gu worms, her immortal aperture and the Great Strength True Martial Physique would remain. That way, Fang Yuan would still be bound by the alliance agreement, it could be used against him later.


 After considering the costs and benefits, Ying Wu Xie made his decision.


 He opened his mouth slowly.


 Undoubtedly.


 At the next moment, his words would determine Hei Lou Lan’s life or death!



***
Chapter 1038 - Rushing to Refine Fixed Immortal Trave


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Green light flickered, red light shined like fire.


 The two lights fused, growing and weakening in intervals.


 The light faded gradually, the center of the formation turned into darkness again.


 Hei Lou Lan floated in the air in a sitting position, she opened her eyes, admiration flashed across her shocked gaze.


 “Ying Wu Xie belongs to Shadow Sect, he is a subordinate of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. I had thought that he would use soul path or dark path methods to get rid of the information path dao marks on me. To think that he used light path, this shows how unfathomable Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect are, little aunt’s information path attainment was already quasi-great grandmaster. But Shadow Sect could actually break it using this light path Gu formation...”


 Hei Lou Lan’s evaluation of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect rose by another level.


 The scene she viewed changed, in an instant, Hei Lou Lan had returned to the room she was in previously.


 “I have already removed all of the information path dao marks on you.” Ying Wu Xie stood at the side, saying calmly.


 After careful consideration, Ying Wu Xie decided to preserve Hei Lou Lan’s life.


 After all, his biggest mission now was not to deal with Fang Yuan, it was to pick up the pieces and rebuild Shadow Sect, he had to save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body.


 Fang Yuan was a secondary goal.


 Even though Ying Wu Xie hated Fang Yuan to the core, he would not lose his reasoning due to hatred.


 Precisely because of this, he knew his primary objective and decided to make Hei Lou Lan a member of his after some hesitation.


 She was a talented person.


 Great Strength True Martial Physique, with Ying Wu Xie’s knowledge, and with some teaching, she would be a capable force in his hands.


 Hei Lou Lan inspected her body.


 She did not have any methods to observe her own dao marks, after inspecting herself, she saw nothing wrong with her body. Of course, the emphasis was on her soul.


 But everyone knew that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the founder of soul path!


 Ying Wu Xie smiled lightly: “The old agreement is gone, you have a new alliance agreement now. From now on, you are my subordinate, you have to listen to my orders, you are not to defy me or hide anything from me.”


 Hei Lou Lan snorted coldly, not showing any respect to Ying Wu Xie.


 Since Ying Wu Xie could get rid of her alliance agreement, his methods were proven to be superior to Fairy Li Shan.


 From now on, Hei Lou Lan no longer had freedom, she had to listen to every order from Ying Wu Xie.


 But...


 For Hei Lou Lan, this was a helpless choice that she had to accept.


 The situation was not in her favor, if she resisted, she would die.


 As for the fact that she betrayed her ally Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan felt zero remorse. Her relationship with Fang Yuan originally was about scheming against each other for benefits, they were just making use of one another.


 In fact, she even felt hatred towards Fang Yuan!


 “What do you want me to do next? Lure Fang Yuan here? I have stargate Gu, I can travel the five regions using black heaven.” Hei Lou Lan said plainly.


 Without the alliance agreement, she exposed Fang Yuan’s secrets without mercy.


 But Ying Wu Xie shook his head, he said regretfully: “I’m not afraid to tell you that Shadow Sect has a spy in Lang Ya blessed land. We know about stargate Gu, even though this Gu is amazing, it is effective on rank six bottom tier Gu Immortals at best. It cannot even transport a single Immortal Gu, you will be no match for the current Fang Yuan.”


 Ying Wu Xie obtained Spectral Soul’s guidance in the Red Lotus true inheritance, he knew a lot of secrets regarding sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 He understood clearly that Fang Yuan’s new body had a larger number of dao marks. Fire path, water path, wind path, all of his paths had at least a hundred dao marks.


 That meant that the cumulative number of dao marks that he had exceeded a thousand for sure.


 With so many dao marks, Fang Yuan could not use stargate Gu.


 “The next step of my plan is to refine Fixed Immortal Travel.” Ying Wu Xie said.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shined with bright light, she nodded.


 She knew about Fixed Immortal Travel, this Immortal Gu was very useful, it was very wise of Ying Wu Xie to refine it first.


 “Fixed Immortal Travel has just been destroyed, there is a high chance of succeeding the refinement. But to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, you will need divine travel Gu, and to get divine travel Gu, you will need four top tier liquors within the world...”


 Before Hei Lou Lan finished, Ying Wu Xie interrupted her: “Divine travel Gu is in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands. However, even though Immortal Gu like Fixed Immortal Travel are unique, there isn’t only one possible Gu recipe. A city has multiple gates to enter it, the same goes for Immortal Gu.”


 Hei Lou Lan was curious: “This means you have a new recipe to refine Fixed Immortal Travel?”


 “Of course.” Ying Wu Xie smiled.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world when he was alive, his accumulation and foundation was immense, and after his death he created Shadow Sect.


 Spectral Soul’s will inside the Red Lotus true inheritance had formulated a series of plans for Ying Wu Xie relating to Fixed Immortal Travel. As the core of the plan, Fixed Immortal Travel naturally could not have issues. Thus, Ying Wu Xie had three Immortal Gu recipes of Fixed Immortal Travel in his mind.


 All of them could be used to refine Fixed Immortal Travel!


 Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan traveled in the mountains.


 He had just slaughtered Ni clan village singlehandedly, right now, he was traveling as he assessed his gains and losses from the battle.


 Experiences were lessons.


 Only by sorting out one’s experiences could they learn from those experiences, allowing their foundation to rise and become more stable.


 Ni clan’s Gu Masters were not a concern, Fang Yuan only used some enslavement path methods to summon the huge number of beasts and trample over the village.


 No matter how many mortals there were, Fang Yuan did not need to attack personally.


 What made Fang Yuan fight was the desolate beast mud monster.


 This mud monster gave Fang Yuan a lot of problems before he killed it.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan learned a lot about his weakness.


 “Even though I have rank seven sword path Gu, the immortal essence expenditure is too high!”


 Gu worms and Gu Masters both had nine ranks, since ancient times, there was a common understanding in the cultivation world, that was, the Gu Master and Gu worm’s rank should be equal. When the Gu worm’s rank was too low, the Gu Master would not be able to use their full strength. When the Gu worm’s rank was too high, the Gu Master would also be unable to use their full strength.


 Because, if the Gu worm had a higher rank, the Gu Master would be like a baby holding a hammer, not only would it be difficult to use it to harm foes, the Gu Master themselves may also receive damage when using the hammer.


 Like earlier, when Fang Yuan used his rank seven sword path Gu against the desolate beast mud monster, he felt a sense of helplessness.


 Every time he used his sword path Gu, the expended green grape immortal essence exceeded a hundred beads.


 Fang Yuan’s nine-five sovereign immortal aperture could only produce sixteen beads of immortal essence a day, it was not enough for one activation.


 Thankfully, he had taken a sum of immortal essence stones from Lang Ya land spirit to replenish his immortal essence. Otherwise, in Ni clan village, he would face much greater problems when dealing with the mud monster.


 “I was hesitant earlier, but now it seems I must reverse refine these rank seven sword path Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 The higher the rank of the Gu worm, the rarer they were, and the more valuable they were.


 But in Fang Yuan’s situation, he had no choice but to reverse refine these rank seven Immortal Gu and turn them into rank six.


 This way, they would suit Fang Yuan better and he could use them as he wished.


 “My refinement path attainment is so-so. I should ask Lang Ya land spirit to do the Immortal Gu reverse refinement for me.”


 “Even though his personality changed, he is still Long Hair Ancestor’s obsession, as long as I pay the sect contribution points, he will do it.”


 Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.


 Reverse refining Immortal Gu, even though the success rate was higher than normal refinement, there was still a possibility of failing, and it was high.


 Thus, it was better to ask Lang Ya land spirit to do it instead of Fang Yuan himself.


 “I wonder how many of these rank seven sword path Immortal Gu I would have left after all of them are reverse refined?”


 “Even if all of them are left, just these sword path Immortal Gu would not be enough.”


 Fang Yuan thought about the battle against the desolate beast mud monster again.


 Even though he used rank seven sword path Immortal Gu, the enemy was a mud monster.


 Mud monsters were different from other beasts. Ordinary desolate beasts had flesh and blood, they had bones and skin, they had obvious weaknesses.


 But mud monsters were made of mud, but because the mud was filled with earth path dao marks, they became different from normal mud.


 Fang Yuan’s flying sword Immortal Gu was specialized in dealing fatal blows, once used, a three meter long silver sword would fly out, even though it was sharp and could easily pierce the mud monster, it could not deal much damage.


 Thus, in that battle, even though Fang Yuan had the advantage, he was very unhappy.


 Eventually, even though he won, the expended green grape immortal essence greatly exceeded Fang Yuan’s bottom line.


 “Flying sword Immortal Gu was the most commonly used Immortal Gu of Bo Qing, using it as the core, he created many immortal killer moves to deal with many situations. Earlier, if I had a sword path immortal killer move, I would be able to split flying sword Immortal Gu into countless swords, sending down a rain of them, the mud monster would not last one hit!”


 Thus, Fang Yuan not only needed to reverse refine the sword path Immortal Gu, he also needed to collect sword path killer moves.


 As for creating them himself, he could forget about it.


 He could not use wisdom Gu, or at least, he did not find the method yet, and his sword path attainment was almost nonexistent.


 If not for these available sword path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would have tried to use blood path, strength path, or time path already.


 After pondering, Fang Yuan stopped traveling, sitting down on a rock.


 He contracted Lang Ya land spirit.


 Right now, Lang Ya land spirit was not so interested in refining Gu, his focus was on expanding the hairy men race and trampling over humans, making hairy men the overlords of the five regions.


 But when Fang Yuan was willing to use his sect contribution points to ask the land spirit to do it, he agreed.


 As for sword path killer moves, Lang Ya blessed land had many in its collection.


 The original Lang Ya land spirit spent all his time researching Gu recipes and refining Gu. He had researched sword path Gu as well, these killer moves were things that Lang Ya land spirit used for research.


 Looking over them, Fang Yuan could not decide what killer move to get.


 He changed the topic: “First supreme elder, I am willing to use the final opportunity to ask you to refine an Immortal Gu.”


 Even though Lang Ya land spirit had changed, the agreement between Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor still had to be fulfilled.


 Fang Yuan had already used two chances, asking Lang Ya land spirit to refine stargate Gu and second aperture Gu. Now, he made up his mind, using the final chance.


 “Oh? What Immortal Gu?” The land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan’s answer was quick and simple —


 “Fixed Immortal Travel!”



***
Chapter 1039 - Dark Assassination


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fixed Immortal Travel?” Lang Ya land spirit was surprised, asking hesitantly.


 Fang Yuan knew what his concern was, it was that Immortal Gu were unique.


 He replied to the land spirit calmly: “Don’t worry, I am mostly sure that Fixed Immortal Travel no longer exists in the world.”


 He had approached the current generation Ni Xiang, asking a question about Fixed Immortal Travel and other Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan asked: Fixed Immortal Travel, Spring Autumn Cicada... and other Immortal Gu, were all of them either destroyed or preserved?


 Current generation Ni Xiang answered: No.


 Thus, Fang Yuan confirmed two details.


 The first was that some of the Immortal Gu including Fixed Immortal Travel were still remaining, while some were destroyed.


 The second was that Ying Wu Xie had most likely discovered and broken the arrangements on his original body.


 The current generation Ni Xiang was already over fifty years old, after using yes or no Immortal Gu once, he expended fifty years of lifespan. Thus, after answering one question, Ni clan’s old clan leader died on the spot.


 But this answer had already helped Fang Yuan greatly.


 “In the worst case scenario, Ying Wu Xie has already broken my arrangements, he would hide himself and prevent me from finding him. He might not even be in Southern Border anymore.”


 “I am unable to contact Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, these two have either turned to his side or been killed by him.”


 “I wonder which Immortal Gu in my original body have already been destroyed? It is most likely that Fixed Immortal Travel is already destroyed, because the special will that I designed would destroy it first.”


 Fang Yuan made such an arrangement earlier because he was wary of Fixed Immortal Travel’s power, and also because he was afraid that he could not retrieve the special will in time after getting back his body, thus he set them to self-detonate one by one.


 “The most likely thing is that after Fixed Immortal Travel was destroyed, Ying Wu Xie found there were problems and used methods to seal the other Immortal Gu temporarily.”


 “The two of us have swapped souls, his situation is worse than mine, he has no Gu worms to manipulate. But to think he could seal my Immortal Gu, that means he either deceived Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng or used the remaining forces Shadow Sect has.”


 Since Shadow Sect was created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and was in operation for tens of thousands of years, it was natural that they had remaining forces. Fang Yuan had already expected this.


 “Shadow Sect exists in all five regions, even Zombie Alliance was a subsidiary force of Shadow Sect. The battle of Yi Tian Mountain happened in Southern Border, most likely, Shadow Sect’s forces in Southern Border suffered the greatest loss, while the other four regions are less affected.”


 “If Fixed Immortal Travel is already destroyed, Ying Wu Xie can’t deal with me using just Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng. He would need to gather Shadow Sect’s remaining forces and come at me after he is prepared. Thus, he also wants to refine Fixed Immortal Travel.”


 Fang Yuan’s new body was outstanding.


 When he thought about things, inspiration flowed with ease, there were no obstacles.


 And for him, Fixed Immortal Travel was also something he needed urgently.


 Because of the regional walls, and the fact that stargate Gu had no effect on his new body, Fixed Immortal Travel was the best tool for him to travel the five regions.


 “As long as I have Fixed Immortal Travel, I can return to Lang Ya blessed land directly and store all of the Immortal Gu with me.”


 “My earlier cultivation resources can also be placed into the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.”


 “I can even go into Earth Abyss and devour Star Form blessed land!”


 No matter which one it was, it would greatly increase Fang Yuan’s strength.


 But not only was treasure yellow heaven too open and would lure many greedy people to Fang Yuan if he used it for transportation, just the processing fee that it charged was too high.


 If Fang Yuan used treasure yellow heaven to transport the rank eight wisdom sword Gu, all of his savings would be expended, and it would not be enough.


 “Are you sure you want to refine Fixed Immortal Travel?” Lang Ya land spirit asked again.


 Fang Yuan sensed something amiss, he frowned: “What, is this out of your capability?”


 Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “I am not going to go back on my agreement with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. But even though I have divine travel Gu and the other supplementary Gu materials, I lack the most critical material. Can you guess what it is?”


 Fang Yuan thought and frowned: “Is it the light of the immemorial era?”


 “That’s right.” Lang Ya land spirit answered: “No matter which Gu recipe you try to use to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, in all of them, the most crucial material is the light of the immemorial era. Light is something hard to capture and store. The Immemorial Antiquity Era... it is earlier than the Olden Antiquity and Remote Antiquity Era, it is the time when Ren Zu was alive. Back then, in the entire world, the only humans were Ren Zu and his ten children.”


 “Not a single Gu recipe will work?” Fang Yuan knew that Lang Ya land spirit would not lie, but he was unwilling to give up.


 “Of course!” Lang Ya land spirit replied firmly: “I have two fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu recipes. I have seen more than ten Fixed Immortal Travel remnant recipes, no matter which one, they cannot avoid the light of the immemorial era. The only difference is the amount of light needed in each recipe.”


 “Fixed Immortal Travel is a precious Gu, it has great use. If not for this, it would have been refined long ago, how could you have the chance?”


 Fang Yuan heard this and realized how lucky he was back then when refining Fixed Immortal Travel.


 The light of the immemorial era at that time was formed using the extreme light Gu in Xiao Mang’s hands.


 But now, Xiao Mang was dead already.


 Because Xiao Shan and Xiao Mang were pawns of Xiao clan’s supreme elder.


 These two were potential Gu Immortals, but yet they were mortals and simply pawns. Even after dying, they did not realize the truth of Yi Tian Mountain.


 Once Xiao Mang died, extreme light Gu was destroyed as well.


 “Xiao Mang is dead, his soul was not even spared, how can I get the light of the immemorial era? First supreme elder, if you use the light of wisdom, would you be able to deduce a recipe that does not use the light of the immemorial era?” Fang Yuan asked again.


 Involving a rank nine Immortal Gu, Lang Ya land spirit was uncertain, he was only a rank eight Gu Immortal even during his life.


 Even if he helped two venerables refine Gu, he was not clear about the exact details of wisdom Gu.


 “Forget it, even if the light of wisdom can be used to create an Immortal Gu recipe without the light of the immemorial era, I am no longer an immortal zombie, I cannot use it. I should go to Xiao clan and check, Xiao Mang’s extreme light Gu was found in a graveyard, I might find some clues there.”


 Fang Yuan ended the conversation with Lang Ya land spirit.


 He changed directions and rushed to Xiao clan.


 But before ending their talk, he did not forget to pass the souls from killing Ni clan to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Next, he asked for a list from Lang Ya land spirit.


 The list was a request for the sword path killer moves in Lang Ya Sect.


 Fang Yuan rushed to Xiao clan as he inspected these killer moves.


 Even though there were a number of sword path killer moves, most of them were mortal killer moves, there were only three immortal killer moves.


 Among them, one was an incomplete immortal killer move, like a remnant Immortal Gu recipe, it had a lot of value in research, but could not be used directly.


 Among the other two, one was for movement, another was for attack.


 The movement immortal killer move was called ‘sword flash thunder sound’, it only used two core Immortal Gu, they were flash sword Gu and rumbling thunder Gu.


 The offensive immortal killer move was called ‘dark assassination’, there were also two core Immortal Gu, flying sword Immortal Gu and dark limit Immortal Gu.


 Seeing the familiar dark limit Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 A long time ago, he had once sought this Immortal Gu, but he did not succeed.


 After Fairy Jiang Yu died, dark limit Immortal Gu was destroyed as well.


 “If I had dark limit Immortal Gu, together with flying sword Immortal Gu, I would be able to use this dark assassination. It is a pity...”


 While Fang Yuan was thinking, a voice came from afar: “Friend, please wait.”


 Fang Yuan turned around and saw a desolate beast qi grand lion running over, there was a huge red chair on the lion’s back, two Gu Immortals were seated.


 Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


 The soul beast howled, emitting a wretched growl.


 “Be careful, soul howl Immortal Gu has activated again!” Ying Wu Xie warned.


 A formless sound wave created air currents in the air, sweeping towards Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The three had no choice but to retreat gradually.


 This wild soul howl Immortal Gu was rank seven, living inside a soul beast. Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng forced the soul beast into a dangerous situation, the Immortal Gu reacted and unleashed its power, giving the soul beast enough time and space to retaliate.


 “How can this be? This soul beast is only a desolate beast, how can it have a wild rank seven Gu?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s seven orifices were bleeding as he called out.


 The other two were in bad shape as well, their heads were spinning, their souls were heavily injured.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression was ugly.


 It was truly a crisis out of nowhere.


 Earlier, it was still fine, but suddenly, a soul beast charged into Shadow Sect’s territory.


 “The activation of soul howl Immortal Gu does not require immortal essence, it uses the foundation of the soul. This desolate soul beast must have been at ancient desolate level earlier. It had escaped after going through intense battle and because soul howl Immortal Gu activated, it fell from an ancient desolate beast to a desolate beast.”


 Ying Wu Xie answered Tai Bai Yun Sheng with a hoarse voice.


 At the same time, two words appeared in his mind — heaven’s will!


 “My Shadow Sect’s plan failed, and I defied heaven’s will, after rebirth, I did not go to Fang Yuan and perish together with him. Thus, heaven’s will is coming after me now.”


 The way of heaven emphasized on balance between all living beings.


 Earlier, Shadow Sect was hidden and tried to evade heaven’s will, they operated in secret and faced less obstruction.


 But now, Ying Wu Xie was completely exposed, heaven’s will prepared and lured the soul beast to them.


 “Heaven’s will is everywhere!”


 “Back then, when Fang Yuan refined Fixed Immortal Travel, it arranged the situation for him nicely, sending the light of the immemorial era to him. Now, it is trying to eliminate me.”


 “Do I really need to destroy the Spring Autumn Cicada in my body?”


 Ying Wu Xie was hesitant.


 “We cannot get close to this soul beast! At this point, why are you still concealing your strength? Why aren’t you using the Gu formation?” Hei Lou Lan transmitted, urging.



***
Chapter 1040 - Fang Yuan versus Qi Zai


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Friend, please wait.” From the desolate beast qi grand lion, Qi Zai’s voice came over.


 Fang Yuan stopped and gazed back.


 After he was far away from Rotten Mud Mountain, he had dispelled the immortal killer move familiar face.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu attitude Gu consumed mental energy, if it were maintained for a long time, it would wear out Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Moreover, because Fang Yuan’s modified familiar face lacked change form Immortal Gu, it led to an increase in the quantity of the Gu worms, with over a thousand supplementary mortal Gu, and it also required more time and concentration to activate these Gu worms.


 So when Qi Zai saw Fang Yuan from afar, he did not feel he was the culprit, he only had some doubts at most.


 As they got closer, Qi He also saw Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan wore a white robe and looked like he was not marred by a speck of dust, his skin was white like snow and his eyes twinkled like stars, with long dark hair that reached down to his waist.


 Even though Qi He was already old, over fifty years old, when she saw Fang Yuan, her eyes brightened and she thought: “This Gu Immortal senior has such a refined and graceful bearing, and sagely demeanor, I have rarely seen anything like it before in my life!”


 “Senior, why did you call me?” Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil as he asked this with his fists cupped in front of him.


 He did not use familiar face and his rank six cultivation level was clearly displayed.


 While Qi Zai was emitting rank seven aura.


 In this world, the strong were respected, Fang Yuan’s greeting was natural and graceful. If he had his hands behind his back and showed an arrogant attitude, that would be unusual behavior.


 Qi Zai also inwardly praised Fang Yuan’s conduct, his expression softening slightly as he said: “It is only to verify some things.”


 He then shook his sleeve, from where a mud ball shot out.


 The mud ball started expanding and soon turned into the size of an elephant. After another transformation, it turned into the shape of Ni Jian.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze became slightly dark.


 Ni Jian gazed towards Fang Yuan, at first he had a puzzled look, it soon turned into incomparably intense hatred.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance was hugely different, but deep down, a sense of intuition told Ni Jian that the young man in front of him was the culprit!


 “It’s you, it’s you! You demon, you forced my grandpa to die and even slaughtered my whole clan.”


 As he said this, Ni Jian charged towards Fang Yuan.


 “Oh?” Qi Zai’s expression changed, his gaze turning cold as he sized up Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan felt Qi Zai’s gaze piercing his body like a needle.


 With a cold snort, Fang Yuan waved his arm and immediately clouds started to surge out, covering the scenery as he quickly made his retreat.


 “Sure enough, there are an endless number of methods developed by Gu Immortals, it’s virtually impossible to defend against all of them effectively. They could actually find me?”


 The enemy was a rank seven Gu Immortal, of a higher rank than Fang Yuan.


 There was no doubt that this was a strong enemy.


 Fang Yuan immediately had the intention to retreat.


 “Stop!” Qi Zai shouted as he noticed this. His right hand took on the shape of an eagle claw and swept ferociously at the clouds and the mist in the sky.


 Swoosh!


 It was like the sound of a huge wave.


 The clouds and the mist that filled the sky instantly dissipated.


 Fang Yuan who was still retreating, was exposed.


 Qi Zai faced Fang Yuan and opened his mouth, inhaling air.


 Fang Yuan immediately felt an enormous suction force over his whole body, causing his speed to rapidly decline.


 At this moment, the mudman, Ni Jian, had already flown close to him.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed, his expression was indifferent.


 “Die!” Ni Jian punched his fist, it caused a gust of wind to blow!


 The fist’s momentum was terrifying, as if it would destroy anything it struck.


 Ni Jian was originally only a rank two Gu Master, but after being killed by the beast group, he was revived as a mudman by Qi Zai using a mud monster corpse.


 His strength had thus increased rapidly and was at the level of a desolate beast, and could match ordinary rank six Gu Immortals.


 Just from this, one could see how strange and terrifying the rank seven Gu Immortal Qi Zai’s method was.


 Ni Jian’s fist ruthlessly charged at Fang Yuan.


 But the next moment, Fang Yuan’s figure dispersed, turning into clouds and mist.


 Qi He exclaimed in surprise as she had not expected such a scene.


 Qi Zai, however, showed no surprise on his face, he looked to his right as he flicked his finger.


 Mortal killer move — Divine Flick.


 A pellet of qi, the size of a thumb, moved towards Fang Yuan so quickly that he actually was not able to dodge it.


 This time, his real body was exposed.


 Qi Zai let out a breath.


 Immediately, a thick and translucent rotating current of qi appeared around Ni Jian’s waist. The current of qi constantly revolved around his waist, and Ni Jian’s speed was multiplied a few times over.


 “Hand over your life!” Ni Jian roared as he once again charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan frowned.


 His whole body was covered in lion fur armor, the divine flick just now did not cause him any harm and only forced him to appear.


 “A qi path Gu Immortal....” He thought to himself.


 The history of qi path was older than even strength path, and its decline was also much more extreme than strength path.


 Fang Yuan had not expected he would actually run into a rare qi path Gu Immortal in Southern Border.


 No wonder he was chased and the truth of his massacre of Ni clan was exposed. In qi path, there naturally were secret methods passed down over countless years which Fang Yuan did not understand clearly.


 “I only massacred Ni clan, what does it have to do with these two Gu Immortals? In my previous life’s memories, there were no Gu Immortal ancestors of Ni clan around.” Fang Yuan was puzzled.


 “Ahhhhhhhh!” Ni Jian charged over once again.


 Fang Yuan was starting to feel a slight headache.


 He had already fought against a desolate beast mud monster, they did not have any fatal weakness.


 Even using the rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu had little effect.


 But this did not mean Fang Yuan had no way to deal with it.


 He swayed lightly as he pounced forward, he raised his hands, which were covered in a layer of cold white frost.


 Fang Yuan lightly struck Ni Jian’s body with his palms.


 Ni Jian’s offensive was crude, while Fang Yuan’s movement was like a leaf swaying in the wind, nimble and graceful.


 Ni Jian was quite lacking in battle experience, he was not able to even touch Fang Yuan’s clothes.


 On the contrary, Fang Yuan’s moves were nimble and refined, his frosted palms continuously striking Ni Jian’s body.


 Soon, Ni Jian was covered in a layer of white frost, his speed sharply reduced, moreover the translucent current of qi rotating around his waist had already been dissipated by Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 Fang Yuan had Immortal Gu but they were all rank seven, he could not use them lightly.


 So he used the mortal killer move, lion fur armor, to pass this hurdle.


 And the surging clouds before as well as his current hands of frost were both superior mortal killer moves.


 The former originated from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, while the latter was obtained from Xue Song Zi.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng primarily cultivated time path while cultivating cloud path as a secondary path, he would often spar with Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan was thus able to grasp his mortal methods.


 And before his rebirth, Fang Yuan had captured and searched Xue Song Zi’s soul.


 Back then, Xue Song Zi’s soul had been tampered by Shadow Sect’s side, Fang Yuan could not get information about Shadow Sect (Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was, after all, the founder of soul path), however, Xue Song Zi’s own process of growth during life, his cultivation insights and other experiences of his were all probed out by Fang Yuan.


 These were all used by Fang Yuan.


 As for the Gu worms needed for the mortal killer moves, they were all taken from Lang Ya land spirit.


 And when Fang Yuan massacred Ni clan, he had freely practiced with them against the desolate beast mud monster.


 Qi Zai’s expression sank when he saw Ni Jian, with rank six battle strength, being toyed around by Fang Yuan, he again used his mortal killer move, divine flick, to send out countless pellets of qi.


 These pellets of wi were extremely fast, Fang Yuan was only able to dodge a few before he could not dodge anymore, and had to use his lion fur armor to block them head on.


 Lion fur armor had extremely strong defense, somewhat surpassing Qi Zai’s expectations.


 He snorted as he changed his method, from afar, he made a cutting motion with his hand towards Fang Yuan’s direction.


 Every time he made this movement, a blade of qi would instantly be formed.


 Lion fur armor could only endure two slashes before Fang Yuan had to use other methods, a layer of black, oil-like sticky liquid appeared on the lion fur armor’s surface.


 The power of the blades of qi immediately lowered when they struck the black oil, the sharpness was greatly reduced and when they impacted on the lion fur armor, the effect was reduced by sixty percent.


 This black, oil-like defensive killer move was from Hei Cheng.


 Fang Yuan had obtained this killer move when he searched Hei Cheng’s soul and was using it now.


 Most of the killer moves he had obtained by soul searching had been trained countless times by their respective Gu Masters. Although they could not raise Fang Yuan’s attainment level, these cultivation insights could allow Fang Yuan to have shortcuts to their results.


 Fang Yuan only needed to train with these mortal killer moves a little to use them with ease.


 As Qi Zai saw this, he snorted, two gusts of fire qi puffed out of his nose.


 The fire qi dispersed in the air, turning into an inferno that rushed towards Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, Ni Jian was fighting with everything he had.


 Fang Yuan continued to hit with his palms against the mudman.


 At this time, the inferno was already right in front of him.


 He laughed as he activated a cloud path killer move, immediately, nine rings of clouds appeared around him.


 This was Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s defensive killer move — Nine Cloud Ring.


 The inferno was completely blocked by the rings of clouds and absorbed. Four formerly white rings of clouds were dyed red.


 Fang Yuan stretched out both hands and grabbed at the air.


 Gusts of air gathered in the center of his palms and quickly formed into two black spheres.


 Mortal killer move — Dark Vortex.


 Fang Yuan flew forward, his hands continuously moving as spheres of dark vortexes were fired towards Qi Zai.


 Qi He, who was beside Qi Zai, exclaimed in shock when she sensed the danger hidden within the dark vortexes.


 Qi Zai counterattacked, using blades of qi, pellets of qi as well as the fire qi he snorted out of his nose.


 Both sides went at each other, neither yielding even a step.


 Qi He was getting dazed, unable to keep up with battle methods of Gu Immortals that were on display.


 She had just ascended to an immortal, mortal battles were almost always carried out on the ground, it would never be like this where they flew up and down in a fast paced movement.


 “I am almost certain he is genuinely a qi path Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan observed while he fought, gathering intelligence.


 The battle had lasted for so long, but Qi Zai was still sitting comfortably on the back of the qi grand lion.


 Even when Fang Yuan’s dark vortexes and other killer moves bypassed his flurry of attacks and struck his body, they would be blocked easily by his condensed qi.


 Qi Zai had the upper hand, but he was far from at ease in his mind.


 “What is going on?”


 “This guy... what path does he cultivate?”


 The more Qi Zai battled, the more puzzled he was.


 He was somewhat confused.


 The mortal killer moves Fang Yuan used all had the signs of being amplified by dao marks.


 But the killer moves already covered many paths like wind path, cloud path, dark path, strength path and other paths!


 Qi Zai was really puzzled.


 This was the first time he had encountered such a situation.



***
Chapter 1041 - Scaring Himself


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s situation was very weird, Qi Zai could not help but feel wary.


 “What sort of dao marks does he have, why can he use the killer moves of different paths and receive an amplification effect, without any hindrances?”


 Qi Zai seemed to be preparing while waiting patiently and at ease, but in fact, he was working hard at racking his brains.


 “As far as I know, in history, only one person could do this... that was Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!”


 There were a number of Demon Venerables in human history, among them was Reckless Savage, he was the founder of strength path and had also cultivated transformation path.


 Historical records had stated that he could transform into countless things, and his dao marks could change at will.


 For example, when Reckless Savage Demon Venerable turned into a lightning wolf, he would be able to use lightning path killer moves. When he became a swamp crab, he would be able to use earth path killer moves without feeling any disturbance and weakening from other dao marks.


 Ordinary transformation path Gu Masters could only specialize in one kind of transformation. For example, in Northern Plains’ imperial court contest, Cheng Long and Cheng Hu could only transform into a dragon and tiger respectively.


 As for transformation path Gu Immortals, for example, He Lang Zi, he could turn into three types of wolves, having different dao marks on him. But when he switched his dao marks, he had to wait for some time and use certain methods to get rid of the original dao marks and prevent the disturbance of dao marks of other paths.


 This problem had troubled every single transformation path Gu Master and Gu Immortal in history.


 Except one person.


 That was Reckless Savage Demon Venerable.


 He could transform at will without considering the interference between dao marks.


 Unfortunately, after Reckless Savage Demon Venerable died, his method was not passed down, countless talented individuals had tried to learn his methods, but their results had been failure, obtaining nothing.


 “Don’t tell me that this enemy here has inherited a crucial transformation path inheritance of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable?” Qi Zai thought of this and felt a fire of excitement burning in him.


 Other than this explanation, he could not think of anything else.


 “Of course, Gu Masters cultivate in various ways, there are countless numbers of people and methods, not all of them follow conventional wisdom.” Qi Zai squinted, he was still very calm.


 Actually, his guess that Fang Yuan had obtained a true inheritance of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was still an underestimation of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan could do this because he had the rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable refined.


 This Immortal Gu was not ordinary!


 Not only was it the crucial thing needed for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s revival, it was also his hope of surpassing all of the venerables in history.


 In the past, after Spectral Soul Demon Venerable died, he was not resigned to that fate.


 Thus, he built Shadow Sect and planned meticulously. During that time, he not only revised on the knowledge gained during his life, he even searched for countless inheritances all over the world. Among these inheritances, there were Gu Master inheritances of all kinds, they could give Spectral Soul Demon Venerable new inspiration and brand new directions. There were also Gu Immortal inheritances and even a number of the other venerables’ inheritances.


 Shadow Sect could obtain one of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s true inheritances, the most mysterious venerable in history, not to mention the other venerables.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable controlled Shadow Sect and set up Zombie Alliance over the five regions, after tens of thousands of years, he accumulated his foundation and researched, putting in immense effort and making huge sacrifices.


 Eventually, he gathered all his knowledge and made use of the key aspects of it, creating the rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 One could say, this Immortal Gu was not just the materialization of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s soul path, it also showed his immense accumulation of the essence of other paths, it was an unparalleled treasure.


 Even though heaven’s will used Fang Yuan as a tool, at the crucial moment, Fang Yuan, as an otherworldly demon, broke free of its manipulation, using sovereign immortal fetus Gu for himself.


 Qi Zai felt suspicion, even though Fang Yuan had rank six aura, he did not dare to be careless.


 He was probing Fang Yuan.


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal, even if he did not have any rank seven Immortal Gu, he had rank six Immortal Gu.


 Earlier, the method of extracting the mud ball of grudge qi to create the mudman Ni Jian was an immortal method.


 But he did not use Immortal Gu right now.


 Immortal Gu were the trump cards of Gu Immortals, when used, they expended immortal essence!


 Qi Zai only had a low grade blessed land, unless it was a crucial moment, he would not use Immortal Gu.


 Of course, immortal essence was not the main reason, the most important reason was that once he used Immortal Gu, the information would be known by the enemy.


 The number and specific types of Gu worms that a Gu Master owned were confidential secrets. Once intelligence was leaked, the Gu Master could be countered using specific means.


 The same applied to Gu Immortals.


 During an initial battle, without knowledge of the background of one another, Gu Immortals would try to probe each other first.


 While Qi Zai was probing Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan was also probing him.


 All sorts of mortal killer moves were used by Fang Yuan, together with his handsome appearance, Qi He’s attention was greatly captured.


 Similar to Qi Zai, even though Fang Yuan had Immortal Gu, he could not use them casually.


 Even though the rank seven sword path Immortal Gu were powerful, Fang Yuan only had rank six green grape immortal essence, this was inferior to that of the rank seven Gu Immortal Qi Zai.


 If not for Fang Yuan joining Lang Ya Sect, he would not have enough immortal essence stones to replenish his immortal essence, he would lose this battle for sure.


 Both sides fought continuously, attacking and defending at various times, the commotion was huge, Qi He watched unblinkingly, gasping in her mind.


 Unavoidably, Qi Zai was gradually falling into disadvantage against Fang Yuan.


 No matter how impressive mortal killer moves were, they did not have Immortal Gu in them. Thus, the amplification from Qi Zai’s dao marks was very limited, they could not exceed the level of effect from using an Immortal Gu.


 In the long history of humanity, only one mortal killer move was publicly known to match Immortal Gu when activated.


 That was the White Bone Chariot that Proud Bone Demon Lord Shen Jie Ao created.


 This person was a rank eight demonic path Gu Immortal, he was proud for a good reason. In this particular achievement, none of the ten venerables could match him.


 Even though Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables were invincible, they were not omnipotent.


 Specialists tackled their own fields, in the past, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had asked Long Hair Ancestor to refine Gu for them.


 In contrast, even though Fang Yuan’s dao mark accumulation was not as high as Qi Zai, he had a large number of methods and because the amplification towards mortal killer moves was limited, he could deal with his opponent.


 Thus, gradually, Fang Yuan attacked more and defended less, gaining the initiative.


 Qi Zai was fully aware of the battle situation in his mind. He frowned and began his counterattack.


 Battlefield killer move — Qi Lockdown.


 Immediately, the surrounding area was sealed, air was immobilized, forming a translucent temporary battlefield.


 Fang Yuan smiled, he was not nervous.


 This battlefield killer move was only mortal level, it had little threat towards Gu Immortals like him who had Immortal Gu.


 Only if they were a rank six Gu Immortal without Immortal Gu would they feel like this was a huge threat.


 And Fang Yuan already had this kind of battlefield killer move.


 Immediately, he used a signature move of Xue Song Zi, battlefield killer move snow domain.


 At once, qi lockdown was pushed aside, as coldness seeped into the surrounding air.


 Qi He could not hold it in anymore, she gasped out loud.


 In front of her eyes, the battlefield had been split into two, one was an icy domain, the other had motionless air.


 Qi He’s perspective was still that of a mortal. This type of battlefield killer move, even though it was mortal level, was the trump card of every powerful mortal force. Unless it was an emergency, they would not use it normally, otherwise, they might get countered if enemies gained intelligence on it.


 Just now, she witnessed two battlefield killer moves used in front of her, she felt that this trip was worth going on, she was satisfied with this eye-opening experience.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was still at ease, Qi Zai lost his patience, he took the lead to activate his Immortal Gu.


 He was a vigilant person.


 He did not use an immortal killer move, he only activated the Immortal Gu.


 A rank six qi path Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not know what it was, Qi Zai was not stupid enough to use it while calling out the Immortal Gu’s name.


 Once the Immortal Gu was activated, the entire battlefield changed drastically.


 The qi lockdown battlefield dissipated, turning into fuel for the Immortal Gu. Snow domain could not resist it, a long rope of qi invaded it and pierced through.


 This long rope of yin qi coiled around like a venomous jade snake, it was several meters long, assaulting Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sighed, using his rank seven sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Whoosh!


 Immediately, he seemed to have turned into a sharp sword, piercing the air and flying away.


 “So fast!” Qi He opened her mouth, extremely shocked. In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan had flown almost beyond her vision.


 It was a rank seven movement Immortal Gu after all, it had spectacular speed.


 Qi Zai was shocked too.


 He had estimated that Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal specializing in snow path, wind path, or dark path, after all, the mortal killer moves that he used earlier were mostly from these three paths.


 But when Fang Yuan used his Immortal Gu, it was sword path!


 And it was a rank seven sword path Immortal Gu.


 “What is this? He is not a transformation path Gu Immortal, but a sword path Gu Immortal?” Qi Zai felt like his brain was frying.


 After probing for so long, he had thought that he found out some details about Fang Yuan.


 But when he used his true methods, Fang Yuan actually displayed a rank seven sword path Immortal Gu!


 And he flew so quickly!


 “If this were in the past, I could only look on and sigh. It is a pity that you are unlucky, not long ago, I completed the immortal killer move that I had been designing for three years.”


 Qi Zai snickered, whistling as he opened his mouth.


 At the same time, aura burst out of his body, the aura surrounded him and Qi He, and penetrated into the qi grand lion’s body.


 The qi grand lion cried out in pain, its eyes were red as it charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Under the effect of Qi Zai’s immortal killer move, the qi grand lion’s speed was astonishing!


 In less than a few minutes, the qi grand lion carried the two Qi clan Gu Immortals and chased up to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan saw this and felt a headache.


 Qi Zai used his Immortal Gu again, summoning the long rope of yin qi.


 Very evidently, it was the same Immortal Gu as before.


 The yin qi rope coiled and flew towards Fang Yuan, rapidly getting closer.


 “He did not use any other immortal killer moves, just a rank six Immortal Gu, is it because his movement killer move has a lot of Gu worms in it, he has to focus his attention on it?”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined.


 During the moment of crisis, his mind was still calm. He thought about it as he displayed his deep foundation in fighting.


 When activating Immortal Gu, the aura of the Gu worm would leak, but when activating immortal killer moves, the leaked aura would be much more complex.


 Thus, Qi Zai easily noticed that Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu was rank seven and sword path.


 And Fang Yuan could also easily notice that Qi Zai was using just the rank six Immortal Gu alone.


 Of course, this was a typical case, it did not hold true all the time.


 Some special methods could conceal the aura of Immortal Gu and mislead the enemy.


 Flying sword Gu!


 Fang Yuan pointed as his Immortal Gu shot out.


 Flying sword Immortal Gu was peerlessly sharp, the yin qi rope was cut into pieces easily.


 Qi Zai’s heart shook, he was shocked: “Why does he have another rank seven sword path Immortal Gu?”


 “Is he really a sword path Gu Immortal?”


 “Then, why did he use all those mortal killer moves?”


 “Why are both his Immortal Gu rank seven?”


 “Don’t tell me, he is a rank seven Gu Immortal, and he is purposely concealing his aura to be rank six so that he can pretend to be weak when preying on others?”


 Qi Zai could not guess Fang Yuan’s actual situation.


 He had a vigilant nature and a tendency to think deeply, the more he analyzed, the more shocked he got, he was scaring himself!



***
Chapter 1042 - If Heaven’s Will Finds Trouble, Cut Down the Trouble!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qi Zai’s mind was churning with thoughts, his expression turned grim.


 Fang Yuan was also frowning deeply.


 He had used flying sword Gu earlier to destroy the yin qi, but it had recovered in an instant.


 The yin qi rope flew towards Fang Yuan again. It was not going to stop until it coiled around Fang Yuan.


 “Flying sword Gu might be strong, but against an obstacle that can disperse and gather at will, it cannot take it down.” Fang Yuan had a realization.


 Earlier, when dealing with the desolate beast mud monster, he had such a feeling as well.


 Now, facing a qi path Gu Immortal, this feeling emerged in him again.


 Of course, this was because he lacked a relevant killer move.


 If he had a sword path killer move that could help flying sword Gu to scatter its attacks instead of focusing on one point, his problems would be resolved.


 Actually, Fang Yuan had anticipated this situation.


 Thus, he used sword escape Immortal Gu and tried to retreat.


 But he did not think that the other party would have a movement killer move to chase him.


 Fang Yuan fell into disadvantage.


 Earlier, during the probing, he had the upper hand because of his countless mortal killer moves.


 But now, after using Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves, they were fighting for real, he got into a disadvantage very quickly.


 The other party was a rank seven Gu Immortal, his cultivation level was higher than Fang Yuan.


 It was to be expected that Fang Yuan could not beat him.


 In fact, it was already not easy to get to this point.


 “I only have two Immortal Gu, while he is rank seven with higher cultivation level than me and has more methods. If he has an immortal battlefield killer move, even if I have flying sword Immortal Gu, I would not be able to break out. I cannot stay here!”


 Sword Escape!


 Fang Yuan activated this rank seven Immortal Gu again, flying into the sky.


 “Heh, he is very vigilant.” Qi Zai snorted coldly.


 His fighting style was to drain his opponent’s resources and draw out the battle.


 When the yin qi rope breaks, the aura would disperse and as time passes, the entire battlefield would favor qi path more.


 By then, even if Qi Zai did not use Immortal Gu, his strength would be higher, and he would be able to spend less immortal essence, it was a very good strategy that benefited him.


 But Fang Yuan had already decided to fly away and escape after a short battle.


 Every round was basically at a new location.


 Qi Zai could not accumulate his advantage.


 Gu Masters had limited movement speed, they were often restricted to fighting at a particular place. But Gu Immortals could travel far, moving thousands of li easily, they were different from Gu Masters. Thus, it was easy to defeat a Gu Immortal, but very difficult to kill them, unless one had an immortal level battlefield killer move to trap them.


 However, these types of battlefield killer moves took time to set up. When Gu Immortals fought, they could only set up the arrangements in secret if they were in front of the enemy, they had to conceal their actions for the trap to succeed.


 Or like the time when Fang Yuan dealt with Hei Cheng, he set up the battlefield killer move in advance, luring his enemy into it.


 Even though Fang Yuan escaped, Qi Zai had an immortal killer move to chase him.


 Fang Yuan had slaughtered Ni clan village, this was a place which Qi Zai was in charge of, if he let Fang Yuan go, he would have to be held to account for this.


 Most importantly, Qi Zai was afraid that Fang Yuan was a descendant of the other clans.


 In this thousand year bet, Qi clan was already going to win, at this juncture, he could not allow unexpected mishaps to occur.


 Thus, Qi Zai had to investigate this matter.


 He could not let it go.


 After Fang Yuan escaped, he realized that Qi Zai had chased after him.


 “How deep is his enmity? Why is he chasing me like this?” Fang Yuan was perplexed.


 In his previous life’s memories, Ni clan did not have any Gu Immortals, this was why Fang Yuan acted so unrestrained. To think that he actually attracted the attack of Gu Immortals, and there were two of them, one rank six and one rank seven.


 Fang Yuan could not guess Qi Zai’s motives. Because he knew nothing about the bet between the Five Xiangs.


 He could only retreat while fighting.


 Each time, he would use flying sword Immortal Gu to engage in a short fight before using sword escape Immortal Gu to retreat.


 After many rounds of battle, Fang Yuan saw some details gradually.


 “The rank six Gu Immortal beside him is behaving strangely, she is likely a newly ascended Gu Immortal. She calls the rank seven Gu Immortal great-uncle, the two of them should be blood related family members.”


 “This rank six Gu Immortal is not a threat. If she could attack, she would have done so long ago to disrupt me. But in this entire battle, she has been sitting back and doing nothing.”


 Fang Yuan obtained much information, while Qi Zai also learned a lot about Fang Yuan.


 “This odd fellow is really a rank six Gu Immortal. Hehe, he is actually using two rank seven Immortal Gu...”


 Qi Zai did not know what to say about this situation.


 Normally speaking, most rank six Gu Immortals did not even have one rank six Immortal Gu, they desired them greatly.


 This person did not have any rank six Immortal Gu, but he took a big leap and had two rank seven Immortal Gu instead.


 “But this step is too huge, I want to see how much green grape immortal essence you have to use these rank seven sword path Gu!”


 Qi Zai snickered internally.


 He was skilled in battles of attrition, with his higher cultivation level, and Fang Yuan using rank seven Immortal Gu, he was not in a rush.


 Fang Yuan fought as he retreated, he followed after him closely, he was scheming and hard to shrug off.


 Fang Yuan thought to himself: “Since the start of the battle, I have already used up tens of thousands of immortal essence stones. These were all obtained from Lang Ya land spirit, I am wasting my sect contribution points.”


 “This person has a good plan, he wants to waste my immortal essence, I know his scheme but can do nothing about it.”


 If he had rank six Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would be able to fight in a sustained battle, he would not end up in this state.


 With his rank six cultivation level, it was very difficult to make use of rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Qi Zai could not catch Fang Yuan, while Fang Yuan could not leave him in the dust, the situation was in a deadlock.


 After countless rounds of fighting, in order to maintain the situation, Fang Yuan had to continue to request for immortal essence stones from Lang Ya land spirit.


 His Lang Ya Sect contribution points were nearing zero.


 Qi Zai was shocked, it was beyond his expectations that Fang Yuan could hold on until now.


 “This rank six Gu Immortal is very strange. He definitely has a huge secret, if I can obtain it, this might be the biggest fortuitous encounter in my life!”


 Fighting to this extent, Qi Zai’s gaze was getting more heated, seeing Fang Yuan’s cold gaze, he felt like he was looking at a mobile treasure chest.


 But at the next moment, Qi Zai’s gaze froze, he showed shock on his face.


 He thought: “Isn’t the mountain range ahead the Five Regional Mountain Range? Oh no, so this is his plan. I cannot let him escape into the mountain range.”


 This Five Regional Mountain Range was not simple.


 It was created by a rank eight Gu Immortal from Southern Border, his name was Tao Zhu, he was known as the Restriction Expert.


 This person cultivated restriction path, it was a branch of rule path, just like how emotion path was a branch of wisdom path.


 People called him Restriction Expert, it was because he was the expert of restriction path in this generation, it showed how incredible his attainment was.


 He had deep research regarding the five regional walls, he attempted to find a way to allow Gu Immortals to travel through the regional walls easily.


 This Five Regional Mountain Range was created due to his research.


 Unfortunately, after he died, there had been no progress. But this Five Regional Mountain Range was left behind and became a special area in Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan was restricted by Qi Zai, he was trying to find a way to escape.


 He was very familiar with Southern Border, the Five Regional Mountain Range was his hope.


 Qi Zai had been thinking of draining his immortal essence, this was in line with Fang Yuan’s objective, he was able to use sword escape Immortal Gu and after some hurdles, he flew for hundreds of thousands of li, arriving at this place.


 Qi Zai had been in seclusion for some time, and because Fang Yuan was drawing his attention, he did not think of this area.


 He quickly took action, trying to obstruct Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan had two rank seven Immortal Gu, he was prepared, how could any obstruction work?


 Qi Zai watched grimly as Fang Yuan entered the Five Regional Mountain Range.


 He hesitated before making up his mind, saying to Qi He: “Sit here, I will let the qi grand lion protect you, you will be safe. After I kill him, I will come and find you.”


 “Great-uncle, be careful!” Qi He said hurriedly.


 Qi Zai nodded, air currents burst out behind him as he chased after Fang Yuan, entering the Five Regional Mountain Range.


 Once he entered the mountain range, he felt a strong repulsive force directed at pushing him out.


 As it turned out, this Five Regional Mountain Range was created by Restriction Expert, who replicated the regional walls. Once Gu Immortals enter, it would be like they were passing the regional walls.


 Fang Yuan chose the part of this mountain range which was shining with golden light, it was a replica of Central Continent’s saint regional wall.


 Qi Zai was a Southern Border Gu Immortal, when he entered, he was sure to face repulsion.


 He knew Fang Yuan’s motive: “This crafty person came here, and because of his rank six cultivation level, he has the advantage. My rank seven cultivation level is facing more pressure than him in here.”


 “No! This person is so suspicious, this concerns our Qi clan’s ancient bet, I need to kill him!”


 Qi Zai was firm and determined, he did not waver in the face of difficulty.


 Both parties stopped flying, they started to travel by foot on the Five Regional Mountain Range.


 While another chase occurred here, in Central Continent’s Earth Abyss, a different battle had ended.


 Ying Wu Xie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Hei Lou Lan were surrounding the ancient soul beast’s corpse, searching for the soul core inside the soul beast’s body.


 Soul beasts nurtured a soul core in their bodies, it was the size of an egg, but had a large number of soul path dao marks in it, it was a top tier refinement material. Other than this, the soul beast’s corpse would disappear after some time, it had no use.


 “Where is it?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng searched for the soul core.


 Hei Lou Lan said, praising with certain intent: “The Gu formation set here is truly amazing. In this short amount of time, even though this soul beast had the soul howl Immortal Gu, it still died.”


 Ying Wu Xie did not speak, he was frowning.


 “This was caused by heaven’s will, it lured this ancient soul beast here. Just now, even though I killed it, I had to use the Gu formation.”


 “The more I use the Gu formation, the higher the chances of getting exposed. After all, Central Continent’s Heavenly Court will try its best to find this place.”


 At this time, Shi Nu transmitted to him secretly.


 Ying Wu Xie analyzed to himself: “Hmm? Not long ago, Lang Ya land spirit used treasure yellow heaven to send dark limit Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan?”


 “This Immortal Gu belonged to Shadow Sect, but it had perished with Jiang Yu. After that, because Lang Ya land spirit created Lang Ya Sect, he refined dark limit Immortal Gu so that the sect members could have an easier time moving around in the future.”


 “This Gu can conceal aura and hide from heaven’s will. Hehe, indeed. Since I am targeted by heaven’s will, Fang Yuan’s situation is worse, he might be facing the assault of Gu Immortals now.”


 Ying Wu Xie made a casual guess, but he was actually on the mark.


 However, Qi Zai did not succeed in killing Fang Yuan.


 Both parties fought in the Five Regional Mountain Range, Fang Yuan was heavily injured, but because he had lower cultivation level, he could move more freely and escaped from Qi Zai eventually.


 Qi Zai saw that Fang Yuan had escaped, noting that his own condition was bad, he had no choice but to return.


 Once he left the Five Regional Mountain Range, he saw Qi He.


 “Great-uncle, you are finally back, I was so worried about you.” Qi Zai was prancing on the spot, seeing Qi Zai, she quickly went up to him.


 Qi Zai felt warmth in his heart, but his expression turned grim, he scolded: “Foolish! I told you to stay with the qi grand lion, why did you not listen to me, instead coming here? This is a dangerous place!”


 Qi Zai’s movement paused, she slowly walked to Qi Zai, lowering her head, apologizing: “I.. I am sorry...”


 Qi Zai grunted: “That person is already heavily injured by me, he was lucky and escaped. But if I see him again, I will definitely not... urgh!”


 Qi Zai cried out.


 He stared with wide opened eyes at Qi He.


 A dark flying sword had pierced into his forehead, the tip of the sword was pointing out from the back of his head.


 Qi He turned back to Fang Yuan’s appearance, he smiled lightly at Qi Zai.


 Shock, regret, fear, all sorts of emotions filled Qi Zai’s mind.


 But it was too late.


 Bam.


 He fell to the ground, creating a soft sound in the process.


 He was dead.



***
Chapter 1043 - Surprising Discovery


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the Five Regional Mountain Range, five different colored lights filled the skies all year round.


 The entire mountain range was divided into five areas based on the five different colored lights.


 The dark purple light was the imitation of Southern Border’s miasma regional wall, the green mountain range was the imitation of Northern Plains’ licorice regional wall. The red portion was Western Desert’s raging flame regional wall. The deep blue portion was Eastern Sea’s blue water regional wall.


 As for the white-gold mountain range, it was Central Continent’s saint regional wall.


 The rank seven qi path Gu Immortal, Qi Zai, had died in the white-gold region in the Five Regional Mountain Range.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath, he pulled out the flying sword Immortal Gu that was lodged in his opponent’s forehead.


 Flying sword Immortal Gu was originally shining in silvery light, but now it was dim and did not have an aura emitting from it.


 This was because of the immortal killer move dark assassination!


 This move provided extraordinary concealment, once used, none of the aura of the rank seven immortal killer move would leak, others could not detect it.


 Once used, the sword attacked quickly, at a speed which one could not react to.


 The only weakness was that the attack range was small, the user had to be less than a hundred steps away.


 This was truly a short distance.


 Ordinary immortal killer moves could be used across huge distances, they were incomparable.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to take a risk, using familiar face to disguise his identity and get close to Qi Zai. The closer he got, the higher his chance of killing Qi Zai.


 For this, Fang Yuan had to fight with Qi Zai and purposely get injured, so as to reduce Qi Zai’s suspicions.


 Qi Zai dying from this move was not unreasonable.


 Because Fang Yuan deceived him using the infamous familiar face.


 Even though it was not the original version, the core was still rank eight attitude Gu, when used, this Gu could influence the minds of others, allowing them to feel Fang Yuan’s ‘attitude’, so as to lower their suspicions.


 Even though Qi Zai was vigilant and it was hard to find vulnerabilities against him, with Fang Yuan’s scheming personality, he saw a weakness in Qi He instead during the battle.


 Using Qi He, Fang Yuan took a risk and killed a rank seven expert with his rank six cultivation level.


 This was an incredible result, if one was an ordinary rank six Gu Immortal, they might wish for the whole world to know about it.


 But Fang Yuan only sighed in relief now, he did not show any expression of pride.


 After rebirth, he had gone through a lot, he witnessed Spectral Soul undergoing the myriad tribulations, killing a rank seven Gu Immortal was already a small matter from his perspective.


 “If you did not pursue me to this extent, I would not have taken the risk to kill you. Alright, let me see why you were so insistent on chasing me.”


 Fang Yuan grabbed at the air as he pulled out Qi Zai’s soul from his corpse.


 Qi Zai cultivated qi path, his soul was just an ordinary Gu Immortal soul, it was not outstanding.


 After dying, he was not like those from Shadow Sect, even though his soul was angry and unwilling, struggling intensely, he could do nothing against Fang Yuan’s actions.


 Fang Yuan first inspected and ensured that this soul had no problems before stuffing him into the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.


 After entering the immortal aperture, large numbers of soul path Gu worms flew towards Qi Zai’s soul.


 Soul search!


 While Fang Yuan searched the soul, he activated familiar face and turned into Qi Zai’s appearance.


 He did not forget that the rank six Gu Immortal Qi He was still outside.


 Killing her would be much easier than killing Qi Zai, but to make this easier and safer, Fang Yuan decided to use the same method to assassinate Qi He as well.


 His familiar face was not the original version, without change form Immortal Gu, he could only use over a thousand mortal Gu to replace it.


 Thus, transforming his appearance was not instantaneous, he had to spend some time.


 After he turned into Qi Zai’s appearance, he stored Qi Zai’s corpse and flew out of the Five Regional Mountain Range.


 In the end, when he found Qi He, she was already dead.


 What killed Qi He was none other than the desolate beast qi grand lion she was sitting on.


 This qi grand lion was enslaved by Qi Zai originally. Once he died, the qi grand lion regained its freedom.


 The qi grand lion was forced by Qi Zai to travel this much, it was already hungry.


 If Qi He cultivated any other path, she might have survived, but she was a qi path Gu Immortal with a number of qi path dao marks, she was a delicacy to the qi grand lion.


 Thus, as the qi grand lion was hungry, it attacked her after the control over it was gone.


 Qi He was a newly advanced Gu Immortal, how could she match the qi grand lion, after a bit of resistance, she was killed by the qi grand lion and eaten by it.


 It was pitiful, she cultivated her entire life and fortunately became an immortal, but the moment she started witnessing the glory of the Gu Immortal world, before she started her journey, she ended up in the desolate beast’s mouth.


 Fang Yuan chased after the qi grand lion, using flying sword Immortal Gu and piercing its head in a few moves.


 Flying sword Immortal Gu, which was shining in silvery light, rampaged inside the qi grand lion’s brain. The qi grand lion fell from the sky in pain, it grimaced and cried out painfully, eventually dying after its struggles ceased.


 Fang Yuan felt glad when he saw this result.


 This was the true power of the rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu!


 Against Gu Immortals or the qi grand lion, once flying sword Immortal Gu dealt a critical strike through piercing, it could deal huge damage.


 This was unlike the desolate beast mud monster which did not have any weaknesses in its body, Fang Yuan had a vexing time fighting it.


 Other than feeling glad, Fang Yuan also felt a loss in wealth.


 This rank seven Immortal Gu used too much immortal essence, after killing the qi grand lion, Fang Yuan’s expenditure rose again.


 He could slowly kill it without using Immortal Gu and only using mortal killer moves.


 But it would take far too long.


 To avoid more trouble, Fang Yuan had to deal with it quickly.


 After killing the qi grand lion, Fang Yuan cut open its stomach and took out Qi He’s minced corpse.


 He checked carefully, he wanted to find the crucial area near her belly, it was the place where the immortal aperture was at in the Gu Immortal’s body.


 Qi He’s aged body was already chewed up by the qi grand lion, after ending up in its stomach, half of the body was already dissolved.


 Fang Yuan looked around for a long time before his gaze flashed, he picked out a piece of flesh.


 Similar to Qi Zai’s corpse, Fang Yuan placed it into his immortal aperture.


 As had been mentioned before, after killing a Gu Immortal, there were two ways to benefit from it. One was to place the immortal aperture down in the five regions, where they would form a blessed land or grotto-heaven, before attacking it and obtaining the resources inside. The other way was to place the immortal aperture into one’s own immortal aperture, making the immortal aperture self-detonate, the dao marks inside would be left behind for the victor.


 Fang Yuan was using the second method.


 “After this battle, the qi path dao marks in me should increase drastically. From now on, when I use qi path Gu worms or killer moves, the amplification effect would exceed my other paths. It is a pity that I am not skilled in qi path, my qi path attainment level is only at ordinary level. But my immortal aperture will benefit, the environment will change slowly, it would help me when I grow resources that are related to qi path.”


 Fang Yuan flew into the air, concealing his traces as he flew among the clouds, thinking over his gains.


 Ignoring Immortal Gu.


 Qi Zai’s soul was a huge asset, it had great value waiting to be excavated.


 As for how many qi path dao marks he would get, Fang Yuan could not estimate it. But he knew that no matter how many qi path dao marks he obtained, it could not match his other benefit!


 He only discovered this benefit of his new body just now, but it exceeded Fang Yuan’s expectations, other than feeling surprise and joy, he also felt doubts and anticipation.


 When he entered the Five Regional Mountain Range, he had a shocking discovery.


 His body was unaffected by the Five Regional Mountain Range!


 According to common sense, Fang Yuan was a Southern Border Gu Immortal, his body had the aura of Southern Border, no matter what other area relating to a particular region he entered in the Five Regional Mountain Range, he would be affected by it.


 But after Fang Yuan went in, he could move freely with no obstructions.


 After realizing this, Fang Yuan was puzzled, but it soon turned into joy, he had a guess in his mind: “This Five Regional Mountain Range was created by Restriction Expert Tao Zhu, who imitated the regional walls, if I can travel freely here, does that mean I can also pass the regional walls freely?”


 After that, he thought about the pursuers behind him, he pretended to travel with much difficulty, like he was heavily obstructed.


 Now, after killing Qi Zai, and settling the matter of the qi grand lion and Qi He, he had time to think, and realized that this was very likely.


 “My new body is not an ordinary body, it has no parents, no origins from other people. It is formed from the rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, if it is treated as an Immortal Gu, that would explain why I can freely travel across the regional walls.”


 The five regional walls targeted Gu Immortals, not Immortal Gu.


 In the past, when Feng Jiu Ge entered Northern Plains to investigate the truth of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he sent a rank six information path Immortal Gu to his family, it could travel across Northern Plains and Central Continent, going through two regional walls without obstruction.


 “If this guess is correct, why would I need to rush and refine Fixed Immortal Travel?” Fang Yuan flew as he thought, he got closer to a regional wall.


 He wanted to verify this guess as quickly as possible.


 From his perspective, he could not confirm if Fixed Immortal Travel was destroyed. It was only very likely because the special will had set Fixed Immortal Travel as the first one to be destroyed.


 When Fang Yuan asked the current generation Ni Xiang about it, his focus was to confirm Ying Wu Xie’s current situation.


 Secondly, he wanted to refine Fixed Immortal Travel to pass the regional walls and return to Lang Ya blessed land.


 Why?


 Firstly, Lang Ya blessed land was safe, it survived seven waves of attacks in the five hundred years of his previous life, it was finally taken down by Heavenly Court after Feng Jiu Ge died. Secondly, a large number of his resources were inside Lang Ya blessed land, he could develop in peace there. The cost of using treasure yellow heaven was simply too high.


 Lastly, a crucial immortal material, the light of the immemorial era, was needed to refine Fixed Immortal Travel. Even though Fang Yuan had some clues, he knew that hope was small. His biggest worries now were his calamities and tribulations. He was less than two months away from the first earthly calamity.


 Fortune and disaster came together, his blessed land had such a deep foundation, its aptitude far surpassed the ten extreme physiques, the power of his calamities and tribulations would surely be extraordinary.


 “If my guess is correct, I should give up on Fixed Immortal Travel! I should rush to Lang Ya blessed land and prepare amply for the calamities and tribulations! In just less than two months...”


 He was no longer an immortal zombie, his immortal aperture was out of this world, the calamities and tribulations were like swords resting above his neck.


 Fang Yuan looked at the vast clouds in the sky as he felt a strong sense of urgency.



***
Chapter 1044 - Ancient Cloud Beasts, Disaster Follows After Great Fortune?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


 Ying Wu Xie looked at the rubble in front of him with an ugly expression.


 Behind him were Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and the rank seven variant human Gu Immortal Shi Nu.


 The battle strength of four Gu Immortals!


 Of course, among them Shi Nu was the strongest, followed by Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Ying Wu Xie was still an immortal zombie with some borrowed Immortal Gu, he had not subdued Fang Yuan’s remaining Immortal Gu yet, his battle strength was the lowest.


 Hei Lou Lan was forced by Ying Wu Xie to surrender, she was free from the alliance agreement with Fang Yuan, and was now Ying Wu Xie’s lackey.


 Shi Nu was completely loyal to Ying Wu Xie.


 And Tai Bai Yun Sheng, who did not know the truth, was not suspicious of Ying Wu Xie. Hei Lou Lan and Ying Wu Xie had worked together to deceive him, he was still in the dark.


 “What is going on?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked ahead and asked in puzzlement.


 Shi Nu replied heavily: “Earth Abyss is not a tranquil environment, tremors will appear at times within the earth. The tremors might cause a great cave-in, like what is happening here.”


 A strange light flashed across Hei Lou Lan’s eyes: “This cave-in is simply too terrifying.”


 Shi Nu nodded: “Yes, each cave-in in Earth Abyss would be gigantic, endless numbers of life forms would perish. The aftermath would be a huge amount of rubble stacked together, together with the grudge and death energy of the dead life forms and their blood, countless desolate level blood beasts, bone beasts, or even blood path and earth path wild Immortal Gu would be created. Master, what do we do now?”


 Ying Wu Xie looked ahead, after some time, he let out a breath.


 He was gloomy internally, thinking: “This route is the safest way to leave Earth Abyss, previously created by Shadow Sect. I had just wanted to leave Earth Abyss, and at this timing, a cave-in happened. Coincidentally, it happened here, obstructing our path. Hehe.”


 Ying Wu Xie mentally sneered.


 “This is the act of heaven’s will!”


 “My main body defied heaven to refine Gu, resisting heaven’s will, causing heaven’s will to be expended greatly. But now it seems, heaven’s will has already mostly recovered.”


 “I still have Spring Autumn Cicada with me, it has a lot of heaven’s will in it. Thus, I am like a torch in the darkness from heaven’s will’s perspective!”


 “If I did not have investigative methods and did not slow down on purpose, I would be trapped inside the cave-in. Or if I was greedy in regards to the wild Immortal Gu here and refused to leave, I might be discovered by the Gu Immortals who came to investigate. Perhaps when I used the Gu formation earlier, the commotion was already detected by Heavenly Court, they have already started searching.”


 Ying Wu Xie had obtained the guidance of his main body’s will in the Red Lotus Demon Venerable true inheritance, he had a deep understanding of heaven’s will.


 Heaven’s will had its limits, it would be expended as well. But because its foundation was the world of the five regions, heaven’s will could not be destroyed entirely, it could recover at a rapid speed.


 Regarding heaven’s will, Fang Yuan was still kept in the dark, he was unaware and his knowledge could not compare with Ying Wu Xie.


 “Heaven’s will is so troublesome, a large portion of the reason is due to that bitch Star Constellation!”


 “My current body is ordinary, I need to refine Fixed Immortal Travel to travel over the five regions. By gathering the remnant forces of Shadow Sect, I can accumulate enough strength to attempt to save my main body.”


 Thinking of this, Ying Wu Xie thought of Fang Yuan again.


 Intense hatred rose inside him!


 “Back then, when we designed the recipe of sovereign immortal fetus Gu, my main body thought about the five regional walls. Thus, Fang Yuan can not only pass the five regional walls now, he can freely change his aura to become a Gu Immortal from any of the five regions!”


 “However... don’t think about having an easy time. Even though you are a complete otherworldly demon, and heaven’s will cannot influence your thoughts, it can influence others and create situations to eliminate you.”


 “Also, every tribulation that you undergo is the best chance for heaven’s will to eradicate you.”


 “I hope you can survive them all until I find the opportunity to eliminate you!”


 Even though Ying Wu Xie hated Fang Yuan, the urgent matter at hand was to save his main body’s remnant soul.


 Right now, his main body’s remnant soul was trapped in the dream realm.


 As everyone knew, when the soul was in the dream realm, they would slowly worn down by the dream realm. Thus, Ying Wu Xie was pressed for time greatly now.


 Compared to saving his main body, Fang Yuan was a minor matter.


 Thus, the priority of Ying Wu Xie and the others was to refine Fixed Immortal Travel and gather their remaining forces, to return to Southern Border and break through the encirclement of the Southern Border Gu Immortals around the giant dream realm, to save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Southern Border.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu activated!


 Swoosh.


 Fang Yuan’s body was like a sword, sharp and cutting through the sky, forming a long white cloudy line behind him.


 Using sword escape Immortal Gu alone would not create this white cloudy line behind him.


 The problem was, Fang Yuan’s injuries were very severe now.


 His injuries were so deep bones could be seen, cloud path dao marks were gathered in them, spilling out white clouds constantly.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was pale, he was frowning deeply.


 Behind him, about ten li away, a large group of ancient cloud beasts were chasing after him.


 What caused Fang Yuan’s injuries were these ancient cloud beasts.


 Even though Fang Yuan had the rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu, against cloud beasts which were similar to mud monsters, without a fixed body structure, they could not be dealt with.


 “According to legend, Bo Qing created the immortal killer move myriad sword tribulation in the past, using flying sword Immortal Gu as the core to create ten thousand swords that shoot down like rain. After I return to Lang Ya blessed land, I must find immortal killer moves like this, I cannot have this weakness!” Such thoughts had appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind multiple times.


 As it turned out, after Fang Yuan found out a secret of his new body, he had a new idea, abandoning his earlier plan and wanting to pass the regional walls to get back to Lang Ya blessed land.


 But not long after that, he unexpectedly entered the attacking range of a group of ancient cloud beasts.


 Cloud beasts were extremely rare, not just in Southern Border, but also the other four regions. It was no exaggeration to say that they were nearly ‘extinct’.


 But Fang Yuan encountered a group of them, there were even ancient cloud beasts among them which had the battle strength of rank seven Gu Immortals.


 When ancient cloud beasts were stationary, they were like clouds, very hard to detect.


 Even though Fang Yuan was using investigative methods, he did not have investigative Immortal Gu, he only had mortal killer moves. Thus, he went into the territory of ancient cloud beasts.


 After an intense battle, he managed to escape, but the ancient cloud beasts were unwilling to let him go, they chased after him.


 In his vision, a trace of purple-black color could be seen from behind a mountain range.


 Southern Border’s miasma regional wall was already within sight!


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 His speed slowed drastically.


 He had stopped using sword escape Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu was too expensive to use. Right now, Fang Yuan had already expended all of his Lang Ya Sect contribution points.


 To save costs, Fang Yuan could only use sword escape Immortal Gu at certain times to maintain a safe distance from the cloud beasts.


 Without sword escape Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan used mortal killer moves.


 As a matter of fact, the speed of movement from them could not compare to the ancient cloud beasts.


 A moment later, the cloud beasts were already very close to Fang Yuan, less than one li away.


 Seeing that the cloud beasts were near, Fang Yuan had no choice but to use sword escape Immortal Gu again.


 Whoosh!


 His speed rose again, he shrugged off the ancient cloud beast group.


 The purple-black miasma regional wall covered half of his vision.


 Finally, when Fang Yuan got to the Southern Border regional wall, he did not hesitate, entering it immediately.


 Zero obstruction!


 It was as if the miasma regional wall in front of him was an illusion.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he clenched his fists: “As expected! I was right, this sovereign immortal fetus Gu is truly mystical! From now on, even without Fixed Immortal Travel, I can travel freely over the five regions.”


 Of course, Fang Yuan was not only considering this.


 “This can also help me fight. The battle with Qi Zai earlier is a prime example. From now on, I can lure Gu Immortals into the regional walls before killing them!”


 But his excitement only lasted for a short moment.


 Soon, he frowned again.


 Because he realized that the ancient cloud beasts behind him also went through the regional walls, with no signs of stopping the chase against him.


 His guess was confirmed, Fang Yuan sighed to himself: “I knew it, I am actually so unlucky!”


 “Cloud beasts are nearly extinct in Southern Border, even if they exist, they would only be a group of one or two desolate level cloud beasts. Groups of ancient cloud beasts like this only exist in white heaven and black heaven.”


 “Seeing how white these ancient cloud beasts are, they must have flown down from white heaven to breed their next generation.”


 Actually, cloud beasts were a special type of life form from the immemorial nine heavens. The cloud beasts in the five regions were also all from the immemorial nine heavens.


 Cloud beasts had a trait.


 Once in a while, they would fly down from the immemorial nine heavens, landing in the five regions and storing their cloud essence in the clouds in the sky.


 The clouds that were storing cloud essence would not dissipate unless there was a strong external force.


 Hundreds of years later, these clouds would turn into cloud beasts.


 The infant cloud beasts were all desolate level each. Once they were alive, they would follow their instincts and fly towards the sky.


 Passing the heavenly wind qi wall, they would return to their origins — the immemorial nine heavens.


 During this process, the cloud beasts would be obstructed by the heavenly wind qi wall, and would be attacked by fierce beasts, as well as all sorts of natural phenomena causing danger. A very small number of them actually made it back to the immemorial nine heavens.


 “I was so unlucky to actually encounter a cloud beast group after they bred, this luck is truly...” Fang Yuan was speechless.


 “Logically speaking, I have already connected luck to many lucky people, even if my body and soul are split into two portions, my luck shouldn’t be this bad. Don’t tell me, to obtain sovereign immortal fetus Gu, I expended a huge amount of luck, in this way, disaster follows after great fortune?


 Fang Yuan flew within the miasma regional wall as a group of ancient cloud beasts followed behind him.


 Fang Yuan had crashed into the place where the ancient cloud beasts stored their cloud essence, to take revenge for their offspring, the ancient cloud beasts wanted to eliminate Fang Yuan, they would not let him go.


 As long as Fang Yuan was still injured, the cloud beasts would pursue him.


 The problem was, these ancient cloud beasts could also move freely within the five regional walls!



***
Chapter 1045 - Fortuitous Encounter or Trouble?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Normally speaking, it was difficult for desolate beasts of the five regions to pass the regional walls and move to another region.


 These desolate beasts, ancient desolate beast and immemorial desolate beasts could match the respective levels of Gu Immortals, they involved the essence of their regions and as such, it was very difficult for them to leave the domain of the region they had been raised and grown in.


 To them, the regional walls were like shackles.


 Comparatively, ordinary wild beasts, beast kings or mutated beasts were much more free and could move through regional walls.


 This group of ancient cloud beasts that were chasing Fang Yuan, however, were not raised by Southern Border, but originated from white heaven of the immemorial nine heavens.


 The regional walls of the five regions had no relationship with them and did not restrict or reject them.


 Perhaps it was because no matter which layer of the immemorial nine heavens it was, they all covered the whole five regions.


 This characteristic was already widely known.


 Previously, when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable went against heaven’s will to refine Gu, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were able to reach Southern Border so quickly because they had used Heaven Overseeing Tower to travel through white heaven.


 Also, Fang Yuan’s stargate Gu could attract the starlight of black heaven to travel over the five regions.


 Both, in essence, were similar to this group of ancient cloud beasts, they all used this special characteristic of the immemorial nine heavens.


 Fang Yuan was rapidly moving through the regional wall.


 The group of ancient cloud beasts were chasing closely behind him, Fang Yuan could do nothing but let them follow.


 These cloud beasts were stubbornly fixed upon Fang Yuan, not willing to rest until they reached their goal.


 At this time, Fang Yuan couldn’t help but fondly recall the benefits of Fixed Immortal Travel.


 If he had Fixed Immortal Travel, he could simply get away from these problems.


 Even if Fang Yuan was injured, there was a limit to the range the ancient cloud beasts could chase him, he could use Fixed Immortal Travel to go beyond this limit.


 However, Fang Yuan only had sword escape Immortal Gu as his movement Immortal Gu.


 If he recklessly used sword escape Immortal Gu, it could increase the distance between them, but he would have to pay a huge price.


 Most importantly, Fang Yuan was not fully aware of the range in which the ancient cloud beasts would continue to chase him. If this range was extremely great, even if Fang Yuan spent all his assets, it might not be enough for the expenditure of activating sword escape Immortal Gu.


 “Lang Ya land spirit may be simple and unable to lie, but he has all along been planning against me.”


 “Previously, he schemed against me when I was dealing with Qi Zai as well. I had to pay a considerable amount to borrow dark limit Immortal Gu.”


 “If I impatiently try to get rid of these ancient cloud beasts, he might extort me again! After all, Luo Po valley, Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu are truly tempting!”


 The regional wall in front of him suddenly turned into a deep blue color.


 Fang Yuan had already passed Southern Border’s miasma regional wall and had now entered Eastern Sea’s blue water regional wall.


 There was nothing to say, Fang Yuan concentrated on flying.


 The journey was unimpeded.


 The regional wall did not have creatures or any other obstructions.


 Because the regional walls of the five regions in themselves were the greatest obstruction.


 After flying for a while longer, Fang Yuan looked behind him, those ancient cloud beasts were still chasing him.


 Cloud beasts did not have any fixed shape and continued to chase like rolling clouds, white and graceful as snow. But to Fang Yuan, they looked truly troublesome.


 By now, Fang Yuan had already used all his contribution points from Lang Ya Sect and was starting to owe Lang Ya land spirit immortal essence stones.


 “If not for these ancient cloud beasts, how could I go this far? Hmm? What’s going on?”


 On the way, Fang Yuan’s expression suddenly changed, his gaze enlarging in wonder.


 He surprisingly discovered that in this blue water regional wall, his aura was having a mysterious change.


 His Southern Border Gu Immortal aura was continuously growing fainter, while the aura of an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal was strengthening constantly.


 If Fang Yuan had activated familiar face, he would not have been so amazed.


 The key point was that he had not activated this killer move.


 “Could it be that this new body can not only pass the regional walls of the five regions, but can also change my aura into the aura of that region?”


 Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


 The moment he flew out of blue water regional wall, his Southern Border Gu Immortal aura had completely dissipated and had truly turned into one of an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan naturally was surprised and happy.


 “This sovereign immortal fetus Gu is truly mysterious, I am not even using familiar face and my body can actually perfectly adapt to the new region, which means I won’t be pushed aside by the region’s Gu Immortals.”


 “But right now, it is still better for me to use familiar face.”


 Fang Yuan gazed at the group of ancient cloud beasts following right behind him and sighed as he activated familiar face, turning into a different appearance.


 He had originally wanted to quietly move through Eastern Sea and return to Northern Plains.


 But now, with the group of ancient cloud beasts right behind him, he had naturally dispelled this idea.


 Such a commotion was not what Fang Yuan wanted, but he could do nothing about it.


 “But this place is not far away from the turbulent flow sea area. Maybe I can detour around and move towards the turbulent flow sea area, and use its environment to break away from these ancient cloud beasts?”


 Fang Yuan suddenly had an idea.


 His five hundred years of life experience as a wanderer had given him an understanding of the various environments of the five regions.


 After pondering for a while, Fang Yuan chose to be cautious, giving up this idea.


 The turbulent flow sea area was like a maze, if he was careless in entering it, he might lose his freedom and be trapped himself.


 According to rumors, the turbulent flow sea area was a battlefield formed after a life and death battle between powerful Gu Immortal experts. It was a bloody battlefield where many Gu Immortal experts had fallen, leaving behind many inheritances.


 Many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals as well as Gu Immortals of Central Continent, Northern Plains and Southern Border would come to the turbulent flow sea area to search for fortuitous encounters.


 Unfortunately, in his previous five hundred years of life, Fang Yuan had never heard of anyone obtaining any huge fortuitous encounter. On the contrary, he often heard of certain Gu Immortals going missing in the turbulent flow sea area. Or that certain Gu Immortals would go missing for several months or several years before they were able to free themselves and appear again in the world.


 The turbulent flow sea area was not dangerous, but its special environment often caused Gu Immortals to be trapped and not be able to free themselves.


 Fang Yuan moved like an arrow, forming a straight line in the air.


 He did not choose the direction of the turbulent flow sea area, instead he flew straight towards Northern Plains’ regional wall.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu was activated, gradually getting distance from the ancient cloud beasts.


 He had already inquired Lang Ya land spirit for information about ancient cloud beasts, but Lang Ya land spirit did not know much.


 Fang Yuan then sent out dozens of wills in treasure yellow heaven to search for information on the limits of the tracking range of ancient cloud beasts, but he did not get any useful news.


 With no other choice, Fang Yuan could only choose to try to see if he could break free of the pursuit of these ancient cloud beasts.


 Making up his mind, Fang Yuan activated sword escape Immortal Gu unceasingly!


 Finally, he was able to throw off the ancient cloud beasts beyond his vision.


 Fang Yuan stopped sword escape Immortal Gu and used mortal killer moves to continue to fly.


 His speed naturally slowed.


 “I have paid such a price, it would be good if I have freed myself of them.” Fang Yuan was inwardly worried.


 Not seeing the ancient cloud beasts did not mean he had already gotten away from them.


 Existences that were comparable to rank seven Gu Immortals usually did not track using just sight. It depended on what the limit of their tracking range was.


 Right as Fang Yuan was worriedly gazing back, a blood-red ray of light suddenly flew over from the southeast direction.


 The blood-red light was soaring through the horizon, and when it sensed Fang Yuan’s presence, it immediately lowered its speed before rapidly approaching Fang Yuan.


 “A rank six blood path Gu Immortal, and it looks like they went through a fierce battle!” Fang Yuan frowned when he sensed the approaching aura.


 No matter what intention the other party had, Fang Yuan did not want to provoke any more trouble.


 He already had enough trouble on his hands.


 He still did not know if he had thrown off that group of ancient cloud beasts behind him, and there was also the earthly calamity which was going to approach in two months.


 Therefore, he immediately changed his direction and flew away from the approaching blood-red light.


 The Gu Immortal in the blood-red light sensed Fang Yuan’s intent, quickly shouting: “Wait! I have found a peerless fortuitous encounter in the turbulent flow sea area, as long as you can help me resolve this crisis, I am willing to use blood oath Immortal Gu to form a pact and share this peerless fortuitous encounter with you!”


 “Turbulent flow sea area? Peerless fortuitous encounter? There really are people who have obtained benefits?” Fang Yuan was truly surprised.


 Right at this time, several Gu Immortals appeared in the horizon, chasing after the blood-red light with surging momentum and emitting powerful auras.


 They seemed to have heard what the blood path Gu Immortal had shouted to Fang Yuan.


 Curses after curses began to rain down —


 “A blood path demon causing harm to the world, everyone must execute them!”


 “Anyone who associates with the demon shall be killed without mercy!”


 “Block this demon and my Tang clan will definitely reward you.”


 “No need. I, Liu Qing Yu, have struck this demon with my immortal killer move, he definitely won’t be able to escape. You there ahead, if you know what’s good for you, get lost!”


 In an instant, Fang Yuan was subjected to the persuasion, warnings and even curses of these Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan snorted.


 He was not someone afraid of getting into trouble, but right now, what he had to do was hurry to Lang Ya blessed land and deal with his immortal aperture’s earthly calamity.


 He changed his direction, moving away directly from the blood path Gu Immortal.


 The blood path Gu Immortal felt very anxious, he had already reached his own limits, Fang Yuan was his only hope to survive.


 When Fang Yuan retreated, he also changed his direction, flying rapidly towards Fang Yuan.


 “If you can help me, I am willing to hand this fortuitous encounter to you completely!” He cried out.


 Fang Yuan sneered, retreating without hesitation.


 Seeing this, one of the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals laughed loudly: “That’s right! Smart guy, you know how to judge the situation, get lost quickly!”


 Someone else also called out: “We might as well help one another, lend a hand and we will definitely reward you after this.”


 Fang Yuan’s brows slowly started to furrow.


 He only wanted to quietly return to Lang Ya blessed land, why were there troublesome matters occurring one after the other. He himself did not want to engage in these troublesome matters, but they instead were taking the initiative to follow him.


 “This is the crucial information regarding the inheritance, if you obtain it, your cultivation will definitely advance rapidly and you’d become a superior existence among immortals!” The blood path Gu Immortal threw an information path Gu worm towards Fang Yuan, attempting to lure him.


 Fang Yuan screamed: “Screw off!”


 With a wave of his hand, a powerful burst of wind destroyed the Gu worm.


 At the same time, he rapidly charged towards the sky.


 The blood path demonic cultivator was not able to plot against Fang Yuan and seeing this hopeless situation, he suddenly shot a streak of strange light towards Fang Yuan.


 “I have already handed the crucial part of the inheritance to this person. If you guys want to get the fortuitous encounter, killing me will be of no use!” The blood path demonic cultivator yelled loudly before flying away in the opposite direction.


 The streak of strange light was extremely fast and soon neared Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snorted, he very much was unwilling to provoke trouble, he shouted in a stern voice: “I have important matters to deal with, do not provoke me!”


 Saying this, he simultaneous activated Sword Escape and Flying Sword, these two rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Sword Escape increased his speed while flying sword Immortal Gu shattered the strange light.


 “Ah, two rank seven Immortal Gu!”


 “Who is this person?!”


 Fang Yuan’s power had suddenly erupted, the group of immortals were astonished, their expressions changed in an instant.



***
Chapter 1046 - Battle of Chase and Escape in Eastern Sea (1\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s aura was only at rank six, before he took action, there did not seem to be anything special about him.


 Furthermore, after retreating repeatedly, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals involuntarily started to look down on him.


 But once he took action, everyone was shaken.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals froze in their tracks, they reassessed Fang Yuan.


 They saw Fang Yuan wearing white clothing with his long hair fluttering in the wind. Graceful and handsome, he had quite a disposition. Right now, Fang Yuan had an angry expression, like the brewing of a thunderstorm, his killing intent was like a blizzard, giving people a suppressive feeling.


 There were numerous Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, but they all became silent.


 They turned around and targeted the blood path demonic immortal instead.


 This blood path demonic immortal wanted to escape, but his injuries caused his speed to fall, after some time, he was killed by the group of Gu Immortals.


 Based on this, he was indeed at his wits’ end, no wonder he threw away the fortuitous encounter and tried to survive by using Fang Yuan.


 After killing the blood path demonic immortal, one of the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, a rank seven that had taken the lead, Liu Qing Yu, spoke heavily: “The imprint is not on him.”


 Another rank seven Gu Immortal reacted, saying loudly to Fang Yuan: “Please wait!”


 Fang Yuan had two rank seven Immortal Gu, the immortals’ impressions of him had changed, they no longer acted so rudely towards him like before.


 They looked at each other, before flying towards Fang Yuan imposingly.


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, sneering without speaking.


 “Friend...” The rank seven Gu Immortal stopped, partway through, he could not continue his words.


 The imprint to open up the inheritance was extremely important, but it was missing now.


 The biggest suspect was Fang Yuan.


 But there was no way Fang Yuan would let them search his body. Looking at his immortal aperture was even more impossible, it was a huge taboo.


 If Fang Yuan was an ordinary rank six Gu Immortal, with so many people on their side, it was okay to request it.


 But Fang Yuan had two rank seven Immortal Gu, and this was only what he showed on the surface.


 “Zhou Li, what are you afraid of?” The third rank seven Gu Immortal waved his long sleeves as he stepping forward.


 He had a cold expression, his gaze was sharp, he stared at Fang Yuan, saying: “I am a Gu Immortal of Eastern Sea’s Tang clan, Tang Song, this matter is difficult to resolve peacefully today. But I have a way, as long as you follow it, you can prove your innocence.”


 “Hahaha!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Prove my innocence? Why do I need to prove my innocence?”


 As he laughed, his battle intent surged.


 “It seems that all of you think I am afraid of battle.” Fang Yuan said in an ominous tone.


 The expressions of the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals changed.


 Fang Yuan squinted: “It is laughable, you are being deceived but you remain ignorant. Liu Qing Yu, you killed that blood path demonic immortal, you have already obtained the inheritance imprint, but you are trying to frame me now, you are really scheming.”


 “This...” The immortals froze again.


 Many people turned to look at the rank seven Gu Immortal Liu Qing Yu.


 Liu Qing Yu looked at Fang Yuan with an angry expression, but he was thinking: “Impressive! This person has a sharp tongue, he is rank six but has two rank seven Immortal Gu, who in the world is he? Since when did Eastern Sea have such a person? I actually don’t know who they are!”


 At the same time, he called out: “Everyone, don’t forget about our agreement, what kind of person am I? Why would I possibly deceive you?”


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “What agreement? I know that regardless of the information path alliance agreement, it can be broken using information path methods. As for what kind of person you are? I only know that in the face of huge profits, people change and cannot be trusted.”


 Fang Yuan’s words were logical, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals hesitated even more.


 Liu Qing Yu flew into a rage, pointing at Fang Yuan: “I saw him throw the inheritance imprint to you!”


 “The others also saw that I slashed it.” Fang Yuan rapidly replied.


 “Hehehe.” Liu Qing Yu laughed sinisterly: “There are many ways in the world to create illusions, who knows what methods you used to keep the imprint secretly.”


 Fang Yuan raised his head and sighed, saying in a dour tone: “I have a mission from first supreme elder, I did not want to create trouble. But if it is like this, let’s fight.”


 Hearing the words first supreme elder, many of the Gu Immortals’ pupils shrunk, they thought: So this person is not a lone cultivator, he has a super force behind him. No wonder he has two rank seven Immortal Gu!


 At once, their wariness rose again.


 Especially the lone cultivators, they operated independently and did not have a force to defend them, they did not want to offend a huge force.


 “Hold it.” At this moment, Tang Song stood out: “I can guarantee on my Tang clan’s reputation, as long as you cooperate with our investigation, if the imprint is not with you, we will let you go.”


 Tang clan was a super force in Eastern Sea, it was equivalent to Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects.


 “Tang clan?” Fang Yuan laughed coldly, his eyebrows raised as the silvery flying sword Immortal Gu flew around him: “That’s very amazing huh? Do you think my clan will be afraid of your Tang clan? Hehe, in that case, let’s see what your Tang clan can do!”


 Before he finished speaking, Fang Yuan used flying sword Immortal Gu, attacking the rank seven Gu Immortal Tang Song.


 “You!” Tang Song did not expect Fang Yuan to strike so suddenly, he was caught off guard, quickly getting into a disadvantage under Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 The other Eastern Sea Gu Immortals decided to look on from the side.


 “This person is not afraid of Tang clan, he has a huge background.”


 “Tang clan might be an overlord in Eastern Sea, but it also has enemies like Shen clan and Su clan. Is this person from one of those two clans?”


 “Since he is attacking Tang Song, that is a good thing. We can stay on the sidelines and watch their methods. If there is a future battle, we will be able to prepare.”


 These Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were not united, earlier, they only worked together to capture the blood path demonic immortal.


 Fang Yuan’s words and actions caused doubts among them, resulting in division among these immortals.


 He picked his opponent with specific reasons.


 If he chose a rank six Gu Immortal, others would think he was depending on two rank seven Immortal Gu to bully a weaker opponent. Only by choosing a rank seven Gu Immortal could there be deterrence.


 As for why he chose Tang Song, it was because Fang Yuan observed that he was the only rank seven Gu Immortal with a super force behind him.


 Lone cultivator Gu Immortals did not want to offend super forces, and because super forces had many assets to protect and matters to take care of, they were wary of lone immortals.


 Thus, as someone in an organization, Tang Song spoke and acted with many concerns. After all, he was representing not just himself but his Tang clan as well.


 Both sides fought for a long time.


 After more than ten rounds, Tang Song was still at a disadvantage, he was breaking out in cold sweat.


 Flying sword Immortal Gu was very sharp, while Tang Song was a sound path Gu Immortal with insufficient defensive methods, he could not block flying sword Immortal Gu, he could only evade it.


 He was furious and startled.


 A grand rank seven Gu Immortal was being forced to this extent by a rank six, his face was completely gone.


 Tang Song had a grim expression as he thought: “To salvage my face, I have to use that immortal killer move to capture this rank six Gu Immortal alive. In that case, my display of weakness earlier can be thought of as a battle tactic.”


 But this immortal killer move was not easy to activate, it comprised four hundred and ninety Gu worms.


 Tang Song had to deal with Fang Yuan’s attacks while concentrating on the Gu worms in his immortal aperture, and slowly forming his killer move.


 “This flying sword Immortal Gu might be useless against mud monsters and cloud beasts, but it is really useful against Gu Immortals, once it pierces the head or heart, they would die. Back then, Bo Qing dominated Central Continent and was known as the strongest person under rank nine, this indicates some of the power of flying sword Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 Even though he had the advantage, he had not become careless.


 Tang Song was a rank seven Gu Immortal, he had a deeper foundation than Fang Yuan. But because Fang Yuan attacked first, he lost the initiative.


 But currently it was a dangerous situation, the longer it dragged on, the harder it was for Fang Yuan to escape.


 Most importantly, he could not use dark assassination.


 Because he had to maintain the pressure on Tang Song, Fang Yuan attacked first and pressured him. If he had any time to regain the initiative and use his methods freely, the situation would be different.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to use flying sword Immortal Gu continuously. Flying sword Immortal Gu was the core of dark assassination, it had to be used together with dark limit Immortal Gu.


 After some time, by combining it with other supplementary mortal Gu, dark assassination could be unleashed.


 “I have few Immortal Gu now, if I had some more...” At this time, Fang Yuan sensed something, his movements stopped as he looked behind him.


 The group of ancient cloud beasts was already within sight.


 Seeing the group of ancient cloud beasts, Fang Yuan did not feel irritation, he felt joy.


 The opportunity he was waiting for had arrived!


 “What is going on? What are these things, they have such strong auras.”


 “Cloud beasts, oh heavens, so many cloud beasts!”


 “These are ancient cloud beasts, why are there so many of them?!”


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals noticed the ancient cloud beasts, they were puzzled and shocked.


 Tang Song’s focus was on Fang Yuan, seeing that Fang Yuan had relaxed, he was overjoyed, he immediately sped up in completing the immortal killer move he was preparing, it was already one-third done in this short time.


 “Soon! Once I use this move to capture you alive, I’ll deal with you personally.” Tang Song gritted his teeth.


 Fang Yuan shouted: “Hmph! I lured these ancient cloud beasts out from white heaven. It was to cooperate with the other supreme elders to lure these ancient cloud beasts into a trap and capture them. You people obstructed us, we will deal with you one by one later. If you want to die now, follow me!”


 Saying so, Fang Yuan left Tang Song, flying in the sky.


 The immortals were shocked but relieved.


 Fang Yuan’s injuries were caused by the ancient cloud beasts.


 And the ancient cloud beasts were chasing him.


 These were all evidence for his words.


 After all, ordinary cloud beasts were very rare, this group of ancient cloud beasts most likely came from white heaven.



***
Chapter 1047 - Battle of Chase and Escape in Eastern Sea (2\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chase, or not?


 The Eastern Sea immortals looked at each other.


 The first to react was rank seven Gu Immortal Tang Song.


 “Don’t think of leaving!” He moved like lightning, chasing after Fang Yuan as he shouted.


 Fang Yuan snorted: “Don’t go overboard! Don’t think I am afraid of you, if not for my important mission, I would kill you here.”


 Tang Song surged with anger: “Bullshit!”


 His immortal killer move was almost ready to be used, he was about to salvage his face, but at this moment, Fang Yuan ran away.


 He actually ran!


 Tang Song was unwilling to let him go, he chased relentlessly.


 His actions caused the stunned Eastern Sea Gu Immortals to pursue him as well.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, but he shouted: “Those who are not afraid to die can come, hahaha.”


 Tang Song yelled after him: “Those who are afraid to die are cowards! Chase him, the inheritance imprint is with him, we cannot let him join up with the other Gu Immortals. Only by capturing this person can we obtain the inheritance of the great expert.”


 With such great profits in sight, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals chased with even faster speed after hearing that.


 Fang Yuan muttered ‘not too stupid’, before pointing his finger, as flying sword Immortal Gu flew out and shot at Tang Song.


 Tang Song was shocked, he tried to dodge. But because he was distracted, his immortal killer move was interrupted and he had to start all over again to use it.


 Tang Song almost stomped his feet in anger.


 The rank seven Gu Immortal Liu Qing Yu passed him and chased after Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan took a look and tried to sow discord: “Liu Qing Yu, the inheritance imprint is in your hands, but you are chasing after me. Such incredible acting!”


 Liu Qing Yu was furious: “Don’t run if you have guts!”


 “Against you people, why would I need to run, it would be ruining our clan’s face!” Fang Yuan shouted: “Continue chasing me if you have the guts, we’ll see who is the most unlucky one in the end! Hahaha.”


 Fang Yuan appeared fearless, he was so arrogant even though he was being pursued by so many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 In contrast, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals became increasingly hesitant.


 There was a key point, who had the crucial inheritance imprint? What Fang Yuan said earlier was highly possible.


 And in addition, it seemed that Fang Yuan had reinforcements. And to hunt such a huge group of ancient cloud beasts, they must have set up an immortal level battlefield killer move, or even mobilized their Immortal Gu House, this was quite possible!


 “If we enter an immortal battlefield killer move, it would be troublesome...”


 Tang Song was a member of Tang clan, a super force, he might not be afraid, but these Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were lone immortals.


 These lone immortals were not doing too well, otherwise, they would not have gone into the turbulent flow sea area to find some kind of opportunity.


 After all, time was very precious for Gu Immortals.


 First, a Gu Immortal fell to the back of the group before gradually separating from the pursuing group.


 Next, more and more Gu Immortals imitated their actions.


 Gu Immortals were not stupid, they were astute figures.


 The Gu Immortals who fell behind were not willing to let Fang Yuan go, but they were afraid of falling into a battlefield killer move, and being unable to leave. Thus, they all decided to let others take the lead and scout the route.


 “These guys... they’re useless!” Liu Qing Yu who was the closest to Fang Yuan noticed this and mentally cursed, but his actions also became hesitant.


 He was a lone cultivator and had obtained an opportunity in the past to become immortal, even though he had Immortal Gu, they were rank six. Against the immortal battlefield killer move of a super force, he might not be able to escape.


 Even Tang Song was hesitant, he reserved some of his attention and energy to deal with any reinforcements of the enemy.


 Thus, a strange chase was created.


 Fang Yuan flew in front, yelling and cursing angrily, he was in a weaker position but he had an arrogant attitude.


 Behind him were a bunch of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, even though they had the advantage in numbers, they were restrained, they displayed a weaker attitude.


 Most of the time, Fang Yuan was using mortal killer moves to fly, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals behind him were also using mortal killer moves to follow him.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts were far less confident than his actions: “So troublesome! Looking at this situation, I can only escape to the regional wall and use the advantage in that environment to break free from these pursuers.”


 “Liu Qing Yu...” Fang Yuan took note of this name.


 Fang Yuan had not received any inheritance imprint, he might have destroyed it, but it was also very possible that was only a deceptive move by the blood path demonic immortal, the true inheritance imprint could already be in Liu Qing Yu’s hands.


 If that was the case, Liu Qing Yu’s acting skills were almost on par with Fang Yuan’s, he was a deeply shrewd opponent.


 In the sky high up in the clouds.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 With Fang Yuan at the lead, a group of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals flew in the sky while moving like flashes of lightning, there was a huge commotion.


 Tang Song had secretly been preparing his immortal killer move, it could already be used.


 He held in his excitement as he accelerated, surpassing Liu Qing Yu and getting closer to Fang Yuan.


 This sudden action made Fang Yuan extremely alert.


 He immediately used sword escape Immortal Gu and raised his speed, flying away.


 “Damn it!” Tang Song mentally cursed, his rank seven immortal killer move had greater effect when the distance was short. With his current distance from Fang Yuan, there was no chance to succeed in capturing him.


 Fang Yuan activated sword escape Immortal Gu and raised his speed, the Gu Immortals behind were internally grumbling.


 The three rank seven Gu Immortals were still fine, they could use rank six Immortal Gu or immortal killer moves to maintain the distance.


 But those ordinary rank six Gu Immortals who were at the bottom of the Gu Immortal world did not even have any rank six Immortal Gu, they were quickly left behind.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was flying away, rank seven Gu Immortal Zhou Li was anxious: “I have a way, I can bring both of you along with me at great speed. But I need to focus and cannot be distracted, I hope you can restrain him.”


 Liu Qing Yu and Tang Song looked at each other, rapidly agreeing.


 Tang Song was the first to agree.


 These people had an agreement already, they had a basis to trust each other.


 Zhou Li roared as countless phantom waves appeared around his body, these phantom waves moved his body as his speed rose.


 An immortal killer move!


 Fang Yuan’s gaze focused, but Liu Qing Yu and Tang Song cheered, they stepped on the phantom waves and allowed the waves to move them forward.


 The two thus had free time to start attacking.


 Fang Yuan’s situation became bad.


 Earlier, in the process of chasing, the Gu Immortals behind attacked. But because Fang Yuan was always using Immortal Gu to disrupt them and also dodged them, he was agile and hard to hit, the Gu Immortals behind him could not succeed.


 But now, two Gu Immortals had the free time to focus on attacking, they could use more precise methods and possessed bigger threat.


 Fang Yuan’s pressure intensified, after a while, he was injured.


 “Well done, this person has only so much capability, he only has two rank seven Immortal Gu. His other methods are all mortal killer moves.” Zhou Li said.


 “He was injured to begin with, he was likely hurt by those ancient cloud beasts.” Liu Qing Yu said darkly.


 “Even though he has rank seven Immortal Gu, he is only a rank six Gu Immortal, how much green grape immortal essence can he expend?” Tang Song said, smiling in the process.


 As long as this progressed, they were sure to win.


 Their only concern was the mysterious force behind Fang Yuan and a possible ambush.


 Thus, they were holding back, and did not deal any fatal blows.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was quite dangerous.


 If this continued to progress, he might die here.


 Gu Immortals were intelligent and could form complex ideas, they were much harder to deal with compared to the simpleminded ancient cloud beasts.


 If they really fought head on, these Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were not the match of the ancient cloud beasts. But their threat towards Fang Yuan was much higher than the ancient cloud beasts.


 Fang Yuan had never banked on the two forces fighting each other.


 Gu Immortals were not stupid, they had to consider the costs and benefits before killing even a cloud beast, not to mention this group of ancient cloud beasts.


 “This means, I can only rely on the five regional walls. Even if something gets exposed, I have no choice.” Fang Yuan slightly changed his direction and flew towards the closest regional wall.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals behind him chased.


 Along with that group of ancient cloud beasts.


 Soon, the regional wall appeared in Fang Yuan’s sight.


 The regional wall was like a fence surrounding Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan had come out of the regional wall earlier, he was originally very close to it. It was just that he was flying straight ahead as he wanted to save time traveling.


 If he flew by following the edges of the regional wall, he would have to take a long detour.


 But who would have expected such trouble to appear from nowhere?


 “Oh no, he is going to enter the regional wall!” Liu Qing Yu realized Fang Yuan’s intention and shouted.


 “Good plan. We are rank seven Gu Immortals, after we enter the regional wall, we will face greater restrictions than him.” Zhou Li said.


 “Quickly attack, don’t let him succeed.” Tang Song was anxious.


 The two immortals’ attacks changed.


 They attacked fiercely, Fang Yuan could not block them all, his injuries were getting more severe, some of his bones could be seen through the deep wounds.


 “Hehehe.” He laughed instead: “You dare to attack, very good, Tang clan! If I die and the clan’s plans are ruined, we will not let you off.”


 Tang Song’s heart shook: “You keep claiming to be part of a clan, it is just a hoax! I know Eastern Sea’s righteous forces deeply, why have I never heard of you?”


 Fang Yuan laughed again, his tone filled with hatred: “Tang Song, why bother probing? I will not fall for it. This matter has to be kept a secret, I was sent out because we were afraid of external interference. Even if you kill me, I will not tell you my background. I will even self-detonate my soul, you will not be able to soul search me.”


 Fang Yuan’s words made their hearts sink.


 Which enemies were the scariest?


 Everyone had different answers to this question. But a large number of people would agree: An unknown enemy was the scariest.


 The enemy is hidden while you are exposed, you do not know where they are, or what they are planning against you.


 This was the worry of the three rank seven Gu Immortals.


 From start to finish, they did not think that Fang Yuan was lying.


 After all, ancient cloud beasts were too rare, why would a group of them chase after him like this? There had to be a cause.


 Since there was a cause, the perpetrator had to have enough confidence in their strength to take down this group of ancient cloud beasts.


 And in Eastern Sea, what kind of force would be able to take down this group of ancient cloud beasts?


 Evidently, only super forces like Song clan!


 Fang Yuan’s words made the three rank seven Gu Immortals’ attacks slow, and he obtained some precious time to recover.


 The regional wall was right in front of him, Fang Yuan could almost escape, but at this time, Zhou Li attacked!



***
Chapter 1048 - Battle of Chase and Escape in Eastern Sea (3\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The phantom waves around Zhou Li that were carrying Tang Song and Liu Qing Yu rushed forward, engulfing Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of pressure.


 The waves were only phantom images, but he felt like he was facing a colossal tsunami, he was helpless like an ant, about to be devoured by this tide!


 “An amazing immortal killer move!”


 “Rank seven Gu Immortals are truly hard to deal with.”


 In the moment of danger, these two thoughts flashed across Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Without the waves carrying them, the three immortals stopped moving.


 “The matter is settled.” Zhou Li smiled as confidence radiated in his eyes.


 Tang Song and Liu Qing Yu looked at each other, they had guessed Zhou Li’s scheme, they involuntarily looked at him in a different light, raising their opinion of him.


 As it turned out, Zhou Li had secretly collected information on Fang Yuan and learned about his abilities, he knew what methods were suitable to deal with Fang Yuan’s capabilities.


 On the surface, he was helping them to fly, but in fact, he was using them to obstruct Fang Yuan while he gathered strength in the phantom waves below him. As they chased, the phantom waves got bigger and bigger, gradually creating a huge force.


 And now, Zhou Li attacked.


 He had not taken overt action previously, but once he did, it was a huge tsunami that swallowed everything. It was faster than even sword escape Immortal Gu, it could not be stopped!


 Fang Yuan had the rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu, but against the phantom waves, it was ineffective, like dealing with cloud beasts and mud monsters.


 He still had sword escape Immortal Gu, but the phantom waves were already surrounding Fang Yuan tightly. Fang Yuan’s room to maneuver became smaller, and sword escape Immortal Gu could not escape from the range of the phantom waves in time.


 “To think that this Zhou Li appeared weak and timid on the surface, but he actually had such plans. I raised my voice at him earlier but he did not retaliate, to think that he is even more shrewd than me!” Liu Qing Yu felt deep wariness towards Zhou Li.


 Tang Song had an ugly expression, he had prepared his immortal killer move painstakingly, wanting to save his face, but he did not get a chance to do so, in the end, Zhou Li was the one who benefited.


 Not mentioning rank six Gu Immortals, among those who could become rank seven Gu Immortals, who would be a simpleton?


 Once Zhou Li attacked, Fang Yuan was like a trapped beast.


 “Our victory is assured!”


 The three rank seven Gu Immortals had similar thoughts.


 But Fang Yuan laughed coldly: “Hahaha, friends, why are you so foolish? You came to sacrifice your lives. In my opinion, the rank six Gu Immortals are far smarter than you.”


 The three immortals looked and saw that Fang Yuan did not evade, his hands were behind his back as he floated in the air, calm and composed.


 The three immortals’ bodies shook, they cried out in their minds: “Oh no! He is fearless, is this the place where they are ambushing us?”


 Fang Yuan said again: “What’s the name of this move? It can actually accumulate and grow in power over time, but... can it break through my clan’s immortal battlefield killer move? Hehehe, I think not.”


 These phantom waves had incredible power and could take his life, but Fang Yuan was unmoved, as if this was not a fatal killer move, but a gentle breeze instead.


 He even dispelled the defensive killer move on his body, lion fur armor, in front of the three immortals.


 “Oh no! This move uses almost all my Immortal Gu, it has strong attack but weak defense, if the other party attacks...” Zhou Li’s pupils shrunk, there was no time to think further, he subconsciously withdrew the phantom waves to defend himself.


 The phantom waves had already accumulated greatly and were a fatal attack, but with Zhou Li withdrawing most of the waves, only a small portion was left to deal with Fang Yuan, a gap formed as Fang Yuan made use of it.


 “Farewell, friends!” Fang Yuan activated sword escape Immortal Gu, flying in the sky like a burst of lightning, entering the blue water regional wall.


 The three immortals were stunned before feeling intense rage.


 “This kid is so crafty, he was putting up a front!”


 “He was at his wits’ end, but he acted in such a convincing manner. Let’s chase him!”


 Tang Song and Liu Qing Yu were furious, they charged towards Fang Yuan again.


 Zhou Li’s expression turned pale, after staring blankly momentarily, he slapped himself before pursuing Fang Yuan again.


 It was such a good situation earlier, but he messed it up, how could there still be another chance?


 Fang Yuan had survived narrowly, after entering the regional wall, he went deep into it.


 The three immortals were greatly troubled.


 Their higher cultivation level was a burden here.


 At this moment, the three immortals wished that they were just rank six Gu Immortals.


 The deeper they got into the regional wall, the greater the repulsive force, and the slower their speed became.


 Left without a choice, the three immortals could only entrust their hope in the rank six Gu Immortals who were still behind.


 But these rank six Gu Immortals also faced a lot of obstruction, they were very different from Fang Yuan who felt zero resistance inside.


 Soon, the Gu Immortals were left in the dust by Fang Yuan.


 “What cultivation level does this person have? He faces such little resistance inside the regional wall?” The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were gloomy.


 But they did not know that Fang Yuan was purposely holding back.


 Fang Yuan did not want this secret to be exposed, thus, he lowered his speed and pretended to be having difficulties traveling, only causing them to be suspicious.


 They could not catch up to Fang Yuan, but the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were unwilling to give up.


 “I don’t believe that he can hide here and not come out!”


 “He is a rank six Gu Immortal, flying here consumes a lot of immortal essence. I want to see if a rank six Gu Immortal’s foundation can match my own rank seven?”


 Even though the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were unwilling to see this, reality was cruel.


 Fang Yuan left them farther and farther behind, even the ancient cloud beasts were catching up.


 After some more chaos, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals felt bitter, seeing the ancient cloud beasts surpass them in chasing Fang Yuan.


 These ancient cloud beasts came from white heaven, they were unaffected by the five regional walls.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan left the investigative range of the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, they could only chase the ancient cloud beasts.


 The ancient cloud beasts got closer and closer to Fang Yuan.


 Seeing that the time was ripe, Fang Yuan activated sword escape Immortal Gu and raised his speed, flying away.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals chased until some people could no longer take it, they chose to give up, leaving the regional wall.


 “So unlucky! I actually encountered such a person!”


 “We know nothing about this person’s identity, it is unknown whether he really has a super force behind him or not.”


 Tang Song and Zhou Li conversed, feeling that hope was slim.


 Only Liu Qing Yu was not talking, continuing his chase.


 “Brother Liu, stop chasing.”


 “He is already gone, this matter has so many issues, we should first leave and discuss it.”


 Tang Song and Zhou Li urged.


 Liu Qing Yu said: “I have my methods for investigating. I will not rest until I catch him! Hold on, I will try again, I’ll be back shortly.”


 Saying so, he turned into a green rainbow as his speed rose, charging towards the ancient cloud beasts.


 Tang Song looked at the light as he said in a strange tone: “It seems that brother Liu is anxious, he even used this move. This move uses a lot of his dao marks to activate, it has a high price, it is a trump card, he rarely uses it. In the past, he used it to escape from many strong foes.”


 “What did you say?” Zhou Li’s expression changed.


 Tang Song was staring blankly, his expression soon turned grim.


 The two immortals looked at each other, sensing the rage in their eyes.


 It was very possible that this Liu Qing Yu was not chasing after Fang Yuan, but that he had secretly obtained the inheritance imprint and was trying to escape from them!


 After all, Fang Yuan destroyed the inheritance imprint that the blood path demonic immortal threw out, everyone saw that.


 And the person who killed the blood path demonic immortal was Liu Qing Yu.


 “Brother Liu, hold on.”


 “This thief is crafty, he might have help arriving, we will lend you a hand, brother Liu!”


 Tang Song and Zhou Li quickly chased.


 Liu Qing Yu heard these words and moved even faster, he did not even turn back, it was like he had heard nothing.


 Tang Song and Zhou Li affirmed their guesses, their expressions turned grim as they swore that they would not let Liu Qing Yu go.


 Half a month later.


 A figure penetrated the green licorice regional wall and entered Northern Plains.


 “I am finally in Northern Plains.” It was Fang Yuan, he was filled with fatigue, injuries covered his body.


 He had already healed the wounds that could be treated.


 But most of his injuries were caused by the ancient cloud beasts, Immortal Gu, and even immortal killer moves. These injuries had dao marks in them, he had to use healing Immortal Gu to get rid of them.


 Fang Yuan only had three Immortal Gu, he could only stall his treatment.


 “Over on Lang Ya land spirit’s end, there should be healing Immortal Gu, once I return, I would get to rest.”


 Fang Yuan spurred himself on.


 Earlier, he had fought with the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, and these last days, in order to escape from the ancient cloud beasts, he had used sword escape Immortal Gu again. He already owed Lang Ya land spirit a huge debt.


 Most importantly, because the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were pursuing him, Fang Yuan had to travel in the regional wall.


 Thus, he took a long detour and consumed a lot of immortal essence.


 But these were not important.


 The important thing was the immortal aperture’s calamities and tribulations!


 Time was running shorter, Fang Yuan’s bad feeling was getting deeper.


 Turning around and looking back, the ancient cloud beasts’ figures were already vaguely showing in the regional wall. Fang Yuan sighed as he used sword escape Immortal Gu, flying towards the north-east direction.


 Fang Yuan did not know the exact location of Lang Ya blessed land.


 Earlier, Lang Ya blessed land was near Crescent Lake, but because of Shadow Sect’s attack, Lang Ya blessed land had relocated.


 After contacting Lang Ya land spirit, he did not tell Fang Yuan the exact location of Lang Ya blessed land, he only gave a direction, a Gu Immortal would come and pick him up.


 Three days later, Fang Yuan reached the meet up location, but no one was there.


 The ancient cloud beasts continued to chase him and he could only run away.


 After contacting Lang Ya land spirit, he realized that Lang Ya land spirit had dispatched a hairy man Gu Immortal, but he encountered human Gu Immortals along the way and was killed.


 Lang Ya land spirit could only send another person to go, but an unexpected mishap happened again.


 This hairy man Gu Immortal vanished mysteriously, he could not be contacted.


 To bring back Fang Yuan, Lang Ya Sect had lost two hairy man Gu Immortals, and they did not even manage to bring Fang Yuan back to the blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit could not bear such a loss, he told Fang Yuan the location directly.


 Seven days later, Fang Yuan arrived at Feng Bo cliff.


 At Feng Bo cliff, he saw the arrangements of Lang Ya land spirit.


 This was an immortal level Gu formation, its use was similar to the green crystal hero’s path Zombie Alliance had. Fang Yuan used it to free himself from the ancient cloud beasts, returning to Lang Ya blessed land.


 After so many troublesome circumstances, he was finally safe!



***
Chapter 1049 - Selling a Human Slave


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land, Black Hair Continent.


 Steel Thread City was the grandest city in Black Hair Continent.


 Just within the city, there were hundreds of thousands of hairy men. Not to mention the periphery of the city, with countless villages and towns around.


 Lang Ya blessed land could be considered the largest paradise of hairy men in the current world.


 Within the blessed land, there were four continents. Three were on the sea, with similar sizes, the fourth one was the smallest but was floating in the sky, known as Cloud Cover Continent, it was the sacred land that hairy men from the other three continents aspired to reach.


 In the trading market of Steel Thread City, there was much clamor, it was one of the most famous markets in Black Hair Continent.


 Today, at the southeast corner of this market, a fat and muscular hairy man walked onto the stage.


 On the stage, there were a ring of hairy men with muscular and hairy bodies.


 These hairy men had black and brown hair. This was the natural hair color of the hairy men on Black Hair Continent.


 The fat and muscular hairy man stepped onto the stage as the hairy men below started calling out.


 Among them, one asked loudly: “Kang Ba, what goods do you have this time?”


 The hairy man Kang Ba was a slave merchant, he specialized in selling slaves, he had a huge business, and a certain amount of fame.


 Kang Ba heard this and laughed, looking around: “Don’t worry everyone, I brought a lot of yellow haired slaves this time, they include quasi-masters in refinement path, you will definitely be pleased.”


 The surrounding hairy men had shining eyes, they discussed enthusiastically.


 “Every since Lord Immortal declared from Cloud Cover Continent that seeds would be chosen every ten years to learn the ways of immortals, our three continents have been engaging in huge battles.”


 “As for how to choose the immortal seeds, it will depend on who can draw the Lord Immortal’s attention in the battles between the three continents.”


 “Just now, our Black Hair Continent joined up with White Hair Continent to deal with Yellow Hair Continent, I heard we won several battles and captured a number of yellow hairs.”


 “I am an old man, I dare not think of becoming immortal, but I want these yellow haired slaves as labor for my Gu refinement factory.”


 “These slaves are better than employing Gu Masters, they are cheap and I control their life and death, their offspring will also continue to be my slaves.”


 ...


 “Everyone, everyone.” Hairy man Kang Ba raised his hands, causing the surroundings to become quiet: “I do not want to waste everyone’s time, I will now bring out the first slave, everyone can have a look, bring him here!”


 “Quickly move!” Behind the stage, a muscular black haired hairy man dragged the chain in his hands.


 At the end of the chain, a slave was tied up, full of injuries that exposed his flesh.


 It was Fang Zheng, who was interrogated earlier!


 Fang Zheng could not resist the black haired hairy man’s brute force, he almost fell to the ground after being pulled.


 But when he stood up, he stared at the black haired hairy man fiercely, with a firm and stubborn expression.


 Crack.


 The black haired hairy man raised his whip and lashed at Fang Zheng’s face.


 Fang Zheng felt his face turning numb, before an intense pain assaulted him.


 But he gritted his teeth, he swallowed the scream that he was about to utter back down his throat.


 “You’re asking for a beating, move quickly!” The black haired hairy man laughed as he stretched out his arm that was thicker than Fang Zheng’s legs, he grabbed his neck and raised him up.


 Next, the black haired hairy man stepped onto the stage and walked a few steps to the center, before throwing Fang Zheng down.


 Fang Zheng’s neck was grabbed, he could barely breathe, his head was spinning.


 After being thrown onto the stage, he nearly fainted on the spot.


 He was seeing stars, his head was dizzy, he was sprawled on the ground, unable to stand up.


 “Be careful, you idiot.” Kang Ba scolded angrily.


 The black haired hairy man who brought Fang Zheng did not dare to offend him, he quickly apologized.


 “Scram!” Kang Ba scolded angrily.


 The black haired hairy man quickly ran down the stage.


 Kang Ba’s expression changed instantly, turning from angry to joyous as he pointed at Fang Zheng, explaining to the hairy men: “This slave is a rare breed, I, Kang Ba, obtained him with great difficulty.”


 These words attracted the interest of the audience.


 “This slave is not weak at all, he has rank five cultivation level!” Soon, someone noticed Fang Zheng’s faint Gu Master aura and gasped.


 “Is this a city lord from Yellow Hair Continent? He was actually captured and had nearly all his hair shaved, who humiliated him like this?” Immediately after, someone asked this curiously.


 In White Hair Continent, Black Hair Continent, and Yellow Hair Continent, the city lords usually has the highest authority, they had rank five cultivation level.


 In the culture of hairy men, they were proud of the hair on their bodies. Getting their hair shaved was the most cruel humiliation and punishment, in the hearts of most hairy men, it was worse than death.


 To make a comparison, it was like having male convicts castrated on Earth.


 Kang Ba laughed: “You all are guessing wrongly, this slave is not a hairy man, he is a pure bred human!”


 “What?”


 “Human?!”


 “He is a human?”


 In Lang Ya blessed land, hairy men were the dominant race, they rarely saw others. Many of the hairy men present were shocked, this was the first time they had heard of the rumored human.


 Fang Zheng had already recovered from his daze, he felt extremely uncomfortable, being watched by so many hairy men.


 “Get up, stand properly.” Kang Ba made a hooking motion with his finger.


 Fang Zheng lost control of his body, a formless force was controlling him, causing him to stand up on the stage.


 The hairy men below the stage could see him clearly now, they were conversing softly with each other, exclaiming in wonder over Fang Zheng.


 Kang Ba laughed, feeling very pleased.


 He had spent a huge amount to buy this Fang Zheng, it was to create this commotion.


 Now, it seemed his goal had been achieved.


 The hairy men below the stage were talking among themselves, growing louder and rowdier.


 “Quickly look, there’s a human slave on sale there.”


 “Really? I want to see it.”


 “Go, go and look at this rare thing!”


 More and more hairy men noticed this, they were gathering from all around the market.


 Fang Zheng stood on the stage, looking down at the sea of hairy men, he was also staring widely.


 There was such a huge number of hairy men, this was the first time Fang Zheng was seeing such a thing.


 He had seen hairy men in Immortal Crane Sect before, they were slaves refining Gu. He knew the situation of the five regions, humans were the absolute rulers, variant humans were heavily suppressed, desperately surviving in some isolated parts of the world. But now, it seemed that these hairy men were the rulers here, and humans were heavily suppressed!


 “Where is this place?” Fang Zheng felt increasingly confused and puzzled.


 He remembered being interrogated and tortured, the prison guard told him that his brother was dead and Hu Immortal blessed land was taken over.


 At first, he did not believe it, but after some interrogation and torture, he was half believing and half doubtful. Now that he saw this, his puzzlement was intensifying.


 “Kang Ba, how much are you selling this slave for?” Someone shouted.


 “Hahaha, this much!” Kang Ba raised both hands, extending all ten of his fingers.


 The crowd went into a commotion, many cried out: “So expensive!”


 “Kang Ba, you are robbing us!”


 “You must be crazy to think of such money.”


 “Everyone, everyone!” Kang Ba raised his voice, saying loudly: “This is a rank five Gu Master, after becoming your slave, you will gain a rank five fighter! This is an opportunity that you may never encounter again.”


 But there were astute figures among the hairy men under the stage.


 “A rank five Gu Master, it will not be easy to enslave him.”


 “That’s right, to enslave an expert like this, we need at least rank four cultivation level?”


 “Also, this slave has clearly been tortured and interrogated, maybe he is already heavily injured.”


 “What if he dies after we buy him?”


 Kang Ba pretended to be furious: “Who do you think I am? I do business based on sincerity and honesty. Look at him, take a good look!”


 Saying this, Kang Ba walked towards Fang Zheng and firmly pressed his fingers around Fang Zheng’s chin and lips.


 Fang Zheng felt intense pain, his mouth opened involuntarily, revealing his teeth and lips.


 “Look at his teeth, come, look at his skin!” Kang Ba tore and with a sharp sound, Fang Zheng’s shirt was completely shredded.


 Fang Zheng shuddered, he was completely naked, exposed in front of the band of hairy men.


 “Even though he has injuries over his body, they are all superficial wounds, they can be treated. I can assure they will not result in problems!”


 Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his eyes were spewing fire, intense anger and humiliation filled his heart, he would love to kill all of these hairy men instantly.


 Kang Ba chuckled, he used a twig to hold up the object in Fang Zheng’s groin, saying: “Everyone, look, this thing is still working. In the future, he can create human offspring for you, you will have an unlimited supply of slaves.”


 “Hahaha...”


 The hairy men were laughing loudly.


 Fang Zheng’s face was red, he was extremely humiliated, if not for Kang Ba immobilizing him completely, he would have bitten his tongue and tried to suicide.


 “I will buy this slave.” Suddenly, a voice came from afar.


 Everyone looked towards the source of the voice, and saw a female hairy man, she had black hair all over her body, and she looked at Fang Zheng with a lustful expression.


 “Greetings to city lord.” The hairy men all knelt down, including Kang Ba.


 “Hahaha.” The female city lord who was twice the size of normal hairy men ordered: “Kang Ba, give this slave medical treatment, clean him and send him to my home. By night time, I want to see him.”


 “As you command, our beautiful and strong city lord!” Kang Ba was overjoyed, he kowtowed as he acknowledged.


 Fang Zheng shut his eyes, losing all hope in life.


 At this moment, there was a thunderous sound, the world trembled.


 A five-colored light shot up from Cloud Cover Continent in the sky, shining over the entirety of Lang Ya blessed land.


 “What is happening in Cloud Cover Continent?”


 “Oh heavens, this is the light of the immortals, this is a huge blessing!”


 The attention of the hairy men was drawn by this event, everyone raised their heads and looked with curiosity, admiration, and envy... as for Fang Zheng, he was completely forgotten already.



***
Chapter 1050 - Recovering From Injuries


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On this day, from Cloud Cover Continent, a huge light burst into the sky.


 Light in the colors of the rainbow was shining in the sky, shooting into the sky like a beam from the heavens.


 It was so dazzling, all of the hairy men on Black Hair Continent, White Hair Continent, and Yellow Hair Continent only needed to raise their heads to see it.


 “This is the work of immortals!” The hairy men sighed.


 If this were in the past, the three continents would only have rumors and vague legends of Gu Immortals.


 But after Lang Ya land spirit’s personality changed, the situation changed completely.


 Lang Ya land spirit sent out orders, imitating the imperial court contest, to stir up competition in the three continents to select elite candidates to cultivate in Cloud Cover Continent.


 The war between the three continents affected all hairy men, and the ‘immortal miracle’ of Cloud Cover Continent stirred the passions of the hairy men.


 “Becoming an immortal...” Black Hair King looked at the sky, his eyes shining with brilliant light.


 As the light faded, Black Hair King made up his mind: “Send out my imperial decree. The immortal miracle is an auspicious sign. We will hold a martial competition in remembrance of this. The winner of the martial competition will be able to choose a treasure from our treasury!”


 “Yes.” The guard who received the order answered as they left in a bowing position.


 Black Hair King’s idea was not new, he had thought about it for a long time already.


 The war between the three continents made Black Hair King realize that the mindset of Gu refinement being important above all needed to be abandoned. To deal with the future battles, he needed elite Gu Masters skilled in combat.


 With Black Hair King’s order, a huge commotion spread out from the imperial city, rapidly projecting outwards and growing larger and larger.


 Soon, half a month later.


 Steel Thread City had an esteemed guest.


 This guest was received by Steel Thread City Lord personally, because he was also a city lord himself.


 “Hua Feng City Lord, is there anything you need by coming here?” During the banquet, while drinking, Steel Thread City Lord asked.


 “Steel Thread City Lord, you are an insightful person, you know my intentions in coming here already.” Hua Feng City Lord smiled, pointing at the hairy man Gu Masters behind him: “The king wants to hold a martial competition, but each region can only send three people. And in our region, there are both of our cities. The Gu Masters behind me are the ones I am going to send to the competition. But because the king has limited the number of people, we can hold a contest here first and decide who goes to the martial competition!”


 “Hahaha. Very good, I have the same idea.” Steel Thread City Lord laughed, clapping as she summoned the hairy man Gu Masters onto the stage.


 Both sides dispatched a person each and started to fight.


 After several rounds, Hua Feng City won all of their matches, while Steel Thread City lost all of theirs.


 Hua Feng City Lord laughed, drinking wine casually, while Steel Thread City Lord had a grim expression, she had a heavy feeling: “To think that Hua Feng City Lord came prepared, he picked such elite Gu Masters. Oh no, if we do not win any battles, this would definitely become widely spread news. For the next few years, we will live under the pressure of Hua Feng City.”


 “There is only one match left, Steel Thread City Lord, please send your participant.” Hua Feng City Lord urged.


 Steel Thread City Lord snorted coldly, she placed her gaze on a hairy man.


 But this hairy man Gu Master was breaking out in cold sweat, this situation made him feel a strong burden. Precisely so, he felt a lack of confidence.


 Not just him, the higher-ups of Steel Thread City in the banquet also felt no confidence in him.


 At this moment, an elder in the city transmitted to Steel Thread City Lord secretly: “City Lord, I know someone who can salvage our reputation.”


 Steel Thread City Lord heard this and was overjoyed, she quickly asked who it was.


 This elder answered: “City Lord, did you forget, you recently bought a human slave, he has rank five cultivation level.”


 Steel Thread City Lord was stunned, her expression was bitter as she transmitted: “This is inappropriate! My contest with Hua Feng City Lord is an open, fair and just matter involving our reputations. If I send out this human slave, so be it if we lose, but if we win, he will be sent to participate in the martial competition. If the king sees that my Steel Thread City sends a human instead of hairy men, would he not reprimand me?”


 The elder laughed.


 He knew that this was just Steel Thread City Lord’s excuse.


 The truth was, Steel Thread City Lord was just reluctant.


 That slave called ‘Fang Yuan’ had been visited by the city lord almost every night since he was bought. This had made a lot of the higher-ups unhappy.


 The elder continued: “City Lord, don’t worry. The current king is magnanimous, he only cares about talent. Among the elders assisting him, there are no lack of snowmen and feathermen. City Lord, if you send Fang Yuan and he loses, he can take full responsibility. If he wins, our reputation will be salvaged, and he would be sent to the competition, the king would surely hold a good opinion of you, he might even think of you as a friend, who knows.”


 Steel Thread City Lord looked at this elder deeply, thinking: “This old fox is really scheming! Isn’t the reason simply because I have neglected the nephew that you sent to me? This is such a vile plan. If we win, I will send Fang Yuan away. If we lose, I will have to kill Fang Yuan and throw the responsibility to him. Regardless of victory or defeat, I will lose Fang Yuan.”


 “Oh, forget it!” Steel Thread City Lord sighed: “How can I be someone who gives in to lust and neglects the important matters?”


 Even though Steel Thread City Lord visited Fang Zheng every night and was obsessed with him, she was a hard-hearted person, a hairy man who pursued authority and power.


 In her heart, looks were nothing.


 Thus, Steel Thread City Lord swapped that hairy man and summoned Fang Zheng, informing him.


 After learning of the reason, Fang Zheng walked onto the stage.


 “It is a rank five Gu Master!” Hua Feng City Lord’s heart jumped, sensing Fang Zheng’s rank five aura, he immediately was on alert.


 He smiled: “According to the rules, my side will decide the content of this round. In the previous few rounds, we competed using battle strength, now how can the traditions and essence of us hairy men be discarded? This round, we will compete using Gu refinement.”


 Once he said that, Steel Thread City Lord almost berated him in anger.


 The elders from Steel Thread City also looked towards Hua Feng City Lord with distaste.


 But Hua Feng City Lord had been a city lord for many years, he was unabashed, he ignored these glances.


 Steel Thread City Lord could not rebuke him, after all, the rules were set earlier, she waved to Fang Zheng: “Go and compete. Display all of your capabilities, remember, you must win at all costs. If you lose, you will lose your life to compensate for the loss.”


 Fang Zheng heard this and was expressionless.


 He had been utterly humiliated these last days. Steel Thread City Lord had a strong desire for night activities, she liked all sorts of stances and positions, they did it seventeen or eighteen times a night, she had no restraints, Fang Zheng felt like he was better off dead.


 Fang Zheng really wanted to simply die, but as a slave, he was under their control, he could not even die if he wanted to.


 Steel Thread City Lord threatened him with death now, to him it was a form of release.


 In his mind, there was a thought: “Do I still want to live? I might as well surrender and die!’


 But at this moment, a voice appeared in his mind: “Idiot! A true man needs to be able to give in and put down his pride at times, this humiliation is nothing. If you have guts, take revenge in the future, cut all of these enemies who humiliated you into a million pieces. This is the act of an outstanding individual!”


 “Who are you?!” Fang Zheng was shocked, he screamed out loud.


 On the other side, Hua Feng City’s final hairy man Gu Master stepped onto the stage.


 He thought Fang Zheng was talking to him, he puffed out his chest and said: “I am Mao Shi Ba!”


 Fang Zheng did not respond.


 He had regained his freedom, he could use many Gu worms now, but the voice in his mind appeared and vanished instantly, he could not find any traces of it no matter how much he inspected his body.


 “Scum, you dare to humiliate me?!” Mao Shi Ba was furious.


 He gave his own name, but Fang Zheng ignored him, it was as if he was too high and mighty to introduce himself, Mao Shi Ba was extremely angry.


 “Why is this guy so angry?” Fang Zheng was startled into awareness by Mao Shi Ba, he thought this to himself.


 Because of this misunderstanding, before the contest started, there was huge animosity.


 Under everyone’s gazes, the contest started.


 Mao Shi Ba was the strongest Gu Master in Hua Feng City, he was skilled in both the pen and the sword, not only was he good at fighting, he was also skilled at refining Gu.


 In contrast, even though Fang Zheng cultivated in Immortal Crane Sect for some time, he mainly cultivated enslavement path, he had only explored refinement path a little.


 The contest had just started, but Mao Shi Ba already took the lead.


 During the middle of the contest, Mao Shi Ba had already left Fang Zheng in the dust, his advantage was immense.


 In the final moments, the hairy men watching, be it from Steel Thread City or Hua Feng City, did not think that Fang Zheng could win.


 Even Fang Zheng thought the same.


 “Am I going to lose, so be it, death is release after all.” He sighed internally.


 “Bullshit!” At this time, the voice spoke again.


 Fang Zheng was shocked, his hands trembled, the half complete Gu went up in smoke.


 “Hahaha.” Hua Feng City Lord laughed.


 Steel Thread City Lord had an ugly expression.


 Inside Fang Zheng’s mind, the voice continued: “How can a true man falter in the face of such a small setback?”


 “You, you are... Fang Yuan?!” This time, Fang Zheng recognized the voice.


 “Hehe, my main body is already dead. Only this will is left in your mind. As my brother living in this world, you are not thinking of improving yourself, you do not seek revenge, I truly cannot watch anymore!” Fang Yuan’s will scolded angrily.


 Fang Zheng snorted, thinking: “You are already dead, why are you still coming out to interfere in matters?”


 He was familiar with Lord Sky Crane’s soul, who helped him cultivate in the past, it was easy for him to converse with Fang Yuan’s will, in fact, he even felt a sense of nostalgia.


 But on the surface, the hairy men could not see anything. They only thought that Fang Zheng was completely dazed and had a blank expression.


 Fang Yuan’s will felt Fang Zheng’s animosity and laughed nonchalantly: “Since I am dead, why did you use my name to impersonate me?”


 Fang Zheng was silent.


 Fang Yuan’s will continued: “You were humiliated and tortured, but you refused to expose your real name, this shows that you still have a sense of shame, anger, and hatred. Then why are you not using this chance to improve and get stronger? You know the situation, if you win this, you will be able to join the martial competition, freeing yourself from being a slave and regaining freedom!”


 “I want to win too, who doesn’t want revenge and freedom? But my loss is assured!” Fang Zheng said angrily.


 “Haha.” Fang Yuan’s will laughed: “As long as you follow my instructions, you can surpass Mao Shi Ba and win this.”


 Fang Zheng was stunned, he asked: “What scheme is it this time?”


 “Hmph.” Fang Yuan’s will snorted: “Even though I am dead, I am indignant! I want revenge! None of the hairy man Gu Immortals who killed me will escape. You are my hope for revenge! Aren’t you using my name now? Then take revenge for me!”


 “Why must I help a demon who slaughtered his entire clan like a monster take revenge?!” Fang Zheng replied furiously.


 Fang Yuan’s will replied: “There is no time for you to squabble. Follow my instructions. Start the fire, put in the three different kinds of gold. Remember, profound gold, ice gold, and tear gold, place them inside the cauldron in order.”


 Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, even though he did not want to listen to Fang Yuan, his words gave him some hope of victory, and this concerned his life.


 Hesitating for a while, he stretched out his hand.


 Refining Gu again!


 The audience laughed loudly upon seeing this.


 But in a few minutes, they could not laugh anymore, they looked at Fang Zheng in shock.


 He raised his right hand, holding the Gu worm, he had refined it under everyone’s gazes.


 “I won!” He breathed in deeply, declaring loudly.


 In the hall, nobody spoke.


 Even his opponent, Mao Shi Ba, could not accept this fact, he was staring blankly.


 The atmosphere was quite unique.


 The hairy men did not want to acknowledge that a human had defeated an expert hairy man Gu Master in a competition of Gu refinement!


 After a while, someone said: “Quickly look, the rainbow light from Cloud Cover Continent is fading!”


 Everyone followed what the voice had said.


 Dozens of gazes looked through the entrance of the hall, indeed, the rainbow light coming from Cloud Cover Continent was vanishing.


 From the rainbow light, a figure walked out.


 “It seems you have recovered.” Lang Ya land spirit looked at this person and smiled.


 “Yes.” This person nodded: “This is all thanks to first supreme elder.”


 As he spoke, the rainbow light faded, showing his appearance.


 If Fang Zheng saw this person, he would be shocked.


 This person was naturally Fang Yuan!


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed: “If you want to thank me, isn’t it simple? Give Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley, or wisdom Gu to me.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Giving is impossible! But we can make a trade. I wonder what price first supreme elder is willing to pay?”


 “Ugh.” Lang Ya land spirit’s laughter stopped: “This...”


 He was hesitant, awkwardness was written all over his face.



***
Chapter 1051 - Three Supreme True Inheritances


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Be it Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley, or wisdom Gu, they were priceless treasures, unique in this world, exceptional in their domains.


 Fang Yuan said they could be traded, but what could Lang Ya land spirit use to buy them?


 Fang Yuan did not reject him, he was waiting in anticipation.


 Lang Ya blessed land had a deep foundation, it was not simple. It had survived the eras of two venerables and existed up to this day. After Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, it could be called the number one blessed land in the five regions!


 When he was alive, the land spirit was known as the number one refinement path immortal of all times. He faintly surpassed Old Eccentric Tian Nan and Old Immortal Kong Jue.


 Such a character, how could he not have anything worth trading?


 Like Immortal Gu transactions, each one was unique.


 Unparalleled items could be exchanged using similarly unparalleled items.


 The assessment of their value depended on the individual’s own circumstances!


 Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley, and wisdom Gu, these three were not objects that Fang Yuan would not trade away, as long as the gain was worth it.


 Lang Ya land spirit started to pace around.


 He frowned, entering deep thought.


 If it were the previous land spirit, there would be no need for consideration, he would trade with Fang Yuan. But after changing personality, this new Lang Ya land spirit had a different focus.


 “The white haired land spirit was formed from the obsession about space escape Gu, thus he is only interested in refining Gu, he nurtured all of the hairy man Gu Immortals to be refinement path experts. But this black hair land spirit wants to turn hairy men into the dominant race, I can make good use of this point.” Fang Yuan thought, seeing this land spirit walking around, he patiently waited for his decision.


 Fang Yuan had a sense of confidence.


 He believed that Lang Ya land spirit would not disappoint him.


 As Fang Yuan had expected, after struggling, Lang Ya land spirit made up his mind and decided to trade with Fang Yuan.


 “First supreme elder, I am not doubting your ability to trade with me, but it has to suit both of us. If the things you have cannot match my expectations, I am afraid...” Fang Yuan purposely said.


 Lang Ya land spirit stared as he said grumpily: “Don’t worry! My Lang Ya Sect’s treasures are not inferior to those three things!”


 Saying so, he handed Fang Yuan an information path Gu worm.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his arm, receiving this Gu worm.


 This Gu was like a silkworm, although it had a head, thorax and abdomen, three distinct parts, its body looked like a cocoon overall, round and cute. It was white and looked like a vase, with a shiny glaze on the surface. Fang Yuan held it in his hand, it was smooth and shiny, it had a good feel to it when handled.


 “This is a bookworm?” Fang Yuan was slightly shocked.


 He had seen bookworms before, they were a type of valuable rank one Gu. But what shocked him was, this bookworm was emanating rank three aura.


 Lang Ya land spirit snorted, saying: “This is something my previous self made. He broke the limits of the rank one bookworm, developing rank two and three versions of it. But what use do they have? If enemies attack, can the bookworms defend us?”


 Even though he said that, Fang Yuan could hear vague smugness hidden in Lang Ya land spirit’s tone.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, without speaking, he used a trace of the unlimited primeval essence in his immortal essence to use the bookworm, as well as sending a portion of his consciousness into it.


 He did not own the bookworm, but he had borrowed it from Lang Ya land spirit, thus he could use it without obstruction.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were shining.


 The information in the bookworm made him extremely excited, his heartbeat rose.


 “As I expected!” Fang Yuan praised in his mind, his thoughts were frothing about uncontrollably.


 Fang Yuan had returned to Lang Ya blessed land and spent a lot of time recuperating, at this time, his immortal aperture’s calamity was around the corner.


 Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, Hu Immortal blessed land, Fixed Immortal Travel, all of these things did not matter now. His biggest obstacle was to pass this calamity!


 Once in a while, calamities and tribulations descend in a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture. The deeper the foundation of the immortal aperture, the stronger the calamities and tribulations.


 Fang Yuan’s current immortal aperture had not been managed yet, it was empty. But it had an incredibly huge space, and a large time path foundation in it, it was even not limited by the separate natures of the five regions. Such an immortal aperture far surpassed the ten extreme physiques combined, the calamities and tribulations he was going to face would be unprecedentedly dangerous!


 One could say, this was a sharp blade hanging around Fang Yuan’s neck.


 When he was recuperating, Fang Yuan had been training Fang Zheng as well as considering his circumstances.


 There was only a few days until the calamity, Fang Yuan did not have much confidence, he was uncertain about it.


 Most of his Immortal Gu were left in his original body, a number were destroyed, while the others were left with Ying Wu Xie. Fang Yuan’s strength was much lower now.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were nowhere to be found, while Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness were dead. The only help he could get was from Lang Ya blessed land.


 And Lang Ya blessed land must have survived a lot of calamities and tribulations after existing for so many years. It was a successful example that had dealt with many tribulations, there was bound to be much for Fang Yuan to learn from it.


 “How is it?” Lang Ya land spirit smiled and said.


 He raised three fingers at Fang Yuan: “My Lang Ya Sect has three major foundations. Firstly, the refinement path true inheritance left behind by my main body, it has the essence of my entire life’s cultivation. Secondly, the luck path true inheritance left by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Thirdly, the theft path true inheritance left by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. When my main body was alive, I had refined Gu for these two venerables, the payment I requested were one of each of their true inheritances.”


 Fang Yuan gave a slight nod.


 The bookworm recorded details of these three true inheritances.


 No matter which one, they were deep and profound, Fang Yuan only saw their most superficial information, and was already deeply attracted by them, they were extremely valuable.


 Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Among these three true inheritances, the Thieving Heaven true inheritance is the least valuable. That is because my main body created space escape Gu, but could not activate it, thus, I returned a portion of the payment. However, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s true inheritances all come in pairs. If you are lucky, after getting this true inheritance, and if the other true inheritance is not obtained yet, you might get clues to the second true inheritance.”


 “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left behind a total of ten true inheritances, but only otherworldly demons can receive most of them, only the one I have is an exception. Fang Yuan, you are an otherworldly demon, you can easily obtain the other Thieving Heaven true inheritance if it is still available.”


 Fang Yuan gave a slight nod.


 He had seen the power of formless hand, using theft path methods, he could steal the Immortal Gu of others, and gain the greatest benefits after every battle.


 And some methods that Fang Yuan relied on greatly, unfamiliar face, vaguely familiar face, and familiar face, were also Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s immortal killer moves.


 Fang Yuan had experienced the benefits of stealing, this true inheritance would not disappoint him.


 After pausing for a while, Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had a total of ten true inheritances, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only had three. When I was alive, I refined the Immortal Gu House Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for him, thus, this true inheritance’s value is higher than Thieving Heaven’s.”


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s three true inheritances encompass all of his methods regarding luck path. They are self luck, all living being’s luck, and heaven and earth luck. Among which, the self luck true inheritance is with me. The all living being’s luck true inheritance was inside Imperial Court blessed land. As for the heaven and earth luck true inheritance, it is in Longevity Heaven.”


 Self luck, all living being’s luck, heaven and earth luck.


 Connect luck Immortal Gu, break luck Immortal Gu, divert disaster Immortal Gu, they were part of the all living being’s luck true inheritance. After Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed by Fang Yuan, some of these Immortal Gu were sent outside, as for the details of cultivation involved in it, they were already lost.


 Fang Yuan and Ma Hong Yun had interacted, he knew about the power of luck path.


 “Ignoring other things, if I had divert disaster Immortal Gu, I could mimic Imperial Court blessed land and send my calamities and tribulations outside.” Fang Yuan knew that luck path was very useful for his tribulations.


 Even if this self luck true inheritance did not have Gu like divert disaster Immortal Gu, the higher Fang Yuan’s luck was, the weaker his calamities and tribulations would be, he could deal with them more easily.


 “Fang Yuan, I would suggest you take the self luck true inheritance. Because your luck seems to be really bad.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


 “Just now, how many problems and mishaps occurred when you came back from Southern Border? Even on my end, I lost two hairy man Gu Immortals, you can’t even imagine the cause!”


 “In order to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, Old Ancestor Xue Hu ordered the demonic path Gu Immortals in Snowy Mountain blessed land to collect materials for him. This act made the loyalty of his members drop, at a crucial moment, a traitor appeared in Snowy Mountain blessed land, stealing one of the most crucial materials.”


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu was enraged, he dispatched Gu Immortals to capture any suspicious people. The hairy man Gu Immortal I sent to receive you was implicated.”


 “As for the second Gu Immortal who disappeared mysteriously, I have not even discovered what was the cause of his disappearance!”


 “I believe that one day, the truth will come out. They will not be sacrificed in vain!” Fang Yuan urged.


 Lang Ya land spirit gritted his teeth, he did not continue this topic, he went back to the previous one: “Actually, it seems to me that the true inheritance which suits you the most is the first one. Refinement path has two styles, do you know of them?”


 “I have heard of them.” Fang Yuan said.


 Lang Ya land spirit continued: “The two styles are the hairy man heaven and earth style, and the human isolation style. Us hairy men refine Gu differently from humans, we can use the dao marks of heaven and earth to create the most conducive environment to refine Gu, and increase the chance of succeeding in the Gu refinement.”


 Fang Yuan listened patiently, Lang Ya land spirit would have his reasons for saying this.


 “Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had requested help from my main body, that was because my main body used the hairy men heaven and earth style to refine Gu, the success rate of refining Gu was higher than your human isolation style.”


 “My main body not only knew the essence of the hairy man heaven and earth style, I even used Old Immortal Kong Jue’s true inheritance to break past our limits, reaching a higher level, I conceptualized an immortal killer move, called immortal tribulation tempering aperture!”


 “Immortal tribulation tempering aperture?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he felt deep interest.


 Lang Ya land spirit smiled with great pride as he continued explaining.


 As it turned out, this killer move, immortal tribulation tempering aperture, was a refinement path killer move that used several Immortal Gu and more than a hundred thousand mortal Gu to form.


 It had an ingenious concept, it used the blessed land or grotto-heaven as the target of refinement, using the killer move to connect the immortal aperture with the outside world of the five regions, influencing the calamity or tribulation and using it to temper the immortal aperture itself.


 “The calamities and tribulations of immortal apertures can have all sorts of strangeness, it makes them hard to deal with. But using this killer move, one can restrict the type of calamities and tribulations that happen. Do you know why Lang Ya blessed land was placed around Crescent Lake in the past? That was because the area near Crescent Lake has a lot of water path dao marks and refinement path dao marks.”


 “My previous self always used the killer move, immortal tribulation tempering aperture, to deal with calamities and tribulations. Most often, water path and refinement path calamities would occur. After passing them, the immortal aperture would gain water path and refinement path dao marks.”


 “A hundred and eighty thousand years ago, Lang Ya blessed land had no seas. But now, look at this vast ocean, the huge landmass has been reduced to three continents. This is the effect of a huge number of water path dao marks!”


 Fang Yuan heard of this and thought about Spectral Soul using the myriad tribulations to refine the sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 “This killer move, immortal tribulation tempering aperture, is very similar in concept to Spectral Soul’s method. No, Shadow Sect had spies inside Lang Ya blessed land, maybe Spectral Soul’s method originated from immortal tribulation tempering aperture?”


 Fang Yuan guessed correctly.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s method was derived from the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture. But his methods were more refined, he used wisdom path to deduce the type of tribulations before making additional preparations.


 It was not like this immortal tribulation tempering aperture, it could only influence calamities and tribulations, there was a chance of failure. In the calamities and tribulations that Lang Ya blessed land went through, there were also fire path and lightning path tribulations, not all were water path and refinement path.


 “Alright, you have Luo Po valley, Dang Hun Mountain, and wisdom Gu, I also have three true inheritances, we can do a one to one trade, which one do you want to exchange for?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 This time, it was Fang Yuan’s turn to decide.


 What should he choose?



***
Chapter 1052 - Listed on the Board, Heavenly Court’s Pursuit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fairy Zi Wei slowly opened her eyes.


 She was adorned in a beautiful purple robe which could hardly conceal her graceful figure. Her eyes were like deep dark pools, with a sense of sorrow shrouding her face. Her skin was white as snow and her black hair hung down to her waist, her whole body was brimming with rank eight aura.


 Letting out a breath, she withdrew her wisdom path killer move and descended from the air.


 “Greetings to Ancestor Zi Wei.” On the ground, Feng Jin Huang, who had been waiting for a long time, quickly knelt down on the ground respectfully when she saw Fairy Zi Wei.


 The corners of Fairy Zi Wei’s lips slightly curled up as she revealed a rare smile, the sadness on her face immediately faded and she seemed to blossom with radiance, giving off an immortal beauty that could move people’s souls.


 “Huang Er, get up, no need to stand on ceremony. Speaking of it, your mother and I have some blood relation.”


 From the looks of it, she was extremely pleased with this junior Feng Jin Huang.


 Feng Jin Huang stood up with a reverential and admiring expression.


 The person in front of her was a rank eight Gu Immortal!


 In Feng Jin Huang’s mind, she did not dare to have extravagant hopes regarding the rank nine realm, rank eight was her lifelong dream. This Fairy Zi Wei in front of her originated from Spirit Affinity House, and had extremely high seniority in the sect. She had lived for at least one thousand six hundred years, she cultivated wisdom path and had joined Heavenly Court. She was dignified and beautiful, and it could be said she was everything Feng Jin Huang admired and was a realistic reference for the latter’s ideal goal.


 “Ancestor Zi Wei, you have been deducing for three months in Hu Immortal blessed land, did you find anything?” Feng Jin Huang asked in curiosity.


 Fairy Zi Wei gave a slight nod.


 At this moment, she had already descended in front of Feng Jin Huang and was only a foot away from the ground, slowly floating in the air.


 This was part of her personality, she had somewhat of an obsession towards cleanliness.


 It was not necessary for her to speak about this to Feng Jin Huang, but Fairy Zi Wei still replied: “After these days of deductions, I am certain the original owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, Hu Immortal, was a member of the organization Defy.”


 “Defy?!” Feng Jin Huang’s pupils shrank in surprise.


 She might be a mortal but with parents who were famous Gu Immortals, she was aware of many secrets.


 She had heard of this organization named Defy, it was a powerful undercover force of Central Continent, made from the secret alliance of some Gu Immortals.


 The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent held the vast majority of resources and authority, controlling and suppressing other forces or lone cultivators.


 Where there was suppression, there would be rebellion.


 Organized forces rebelling against Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects were not few in number.


 However, these forces usually did not last for long as they were either taken down by the ten great ancient sects or they disintegrated by themselves through internal discord.


 However, this organization, Defy, was greatly hidden and was the force that had lasted the longest.


 It was not that the ten great ancient sects had not targeted them, but there had been no effect. Most importantly, this organization was hidden truly deeply!


 Even the members of the organization did not know the identities of other members and only used code names in numbers to address each other.


 Right now, Feng Jin Huang suddenly heard Hu Immortal had been a member of Defy, she was truly surprised.


 “On the surface, Hu Immortal was a lone immortal, and she obtained Dang Hun Mountain through fortuitous encounters and coincidence. Looking over it now, Defy was helping her from behind the scenes.” Fairy Zi Wei continued.


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes flashed, she recalled the scene when she was miserably defeated and under Fang Yuan’s feet, guessing: “Does that mean Fang Yuan is also a member of Defy? No wonder he appeared back then so coincidentally!”


 Fairy Zi Wei, however, frowned slightly: “I attempted to deduce this, the result seems to be uncertain. But no matter what, Fang Yuan must have a deep connection with Defy. Huang Er, you have been avoiding contact with Hu Immortal land spirit and haven’t become the true owner of this blessed land, are you thinking of returning this blessed land to Fang Yuan?”


 “Ancestor Zi Wei...” Cold sweat seeped out of Feng Jin Huang’s forehead.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled and reassured: “We are family, you don’t need to worry. I know Fang Yuan undoubtedly saved Feng Jiu Ge. Your father has stunning talents and is astonishingly gifted, he is someone who will leave a deep mark in history, what’s more, he repays kindness and hatred, he is loyal and righteous. I understand why he requested this of you.”


 Feng Jin Huang quickly said: “Ancestor Zi Wei, you are magnanimous...”


 Fairy Zi Wei waved her hand, stopping Feng Jin Huang’s words, speaking in a slightly meaningful tone: “But you need to remember, Fang Yuan is a wanted criminal listed on the Demon Judgment Board by Heavenly Court! Should you want to repay his kindness, you should not overdo it. In the future, I won’t stop you if you truly want to return Hu Immortal blessed land to him, I can even take responsibility for this. But that will be my bottom line, I hope that you two will not become too persistent and commit a huge mistake.”


 Feng Jin Huang lowered her head: “I shall engrave your words in mind, ancestor.”


 Fairy Zi Wei gave a slight nod before lightly flying to the sky.


 As she flew, a gap opened up in Hu Immortal blessed land which connected to the outside world.


 She then turned into a purple ray of light that flew out like a meteor, disappearing from Feng Jin Huang’s sight in an instant.


 Fairy Zi Wei flew straight to Heavenly Court.


 In Heavenly Court, halls stood tall and upright everywhere.


 The purple ray of light Fairy Zi Wei had turned into cut through the air and entered a large hall.


 Inside the hall, Fairy Zi Wei’s main body was sitting cross-legged on a mat, discussing with two other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 The purple light flickered as it landed on her hand.


 It turned into a will, several Immortal Gu and a few beads of immortal essence.


 The ‘Fairy Zi Wei’ who had been at Hu Immortal blessed land was merely a will of the main body!


 This will send the results of the deductions to Fairy Zi Wei’s mind.


 Fairy Zi Wei stored the Immortal Gu and immortal essence into her immortal aperture, she closed her eyes and went through the deduction results.


 Several breaths of time later, she opened her deep, dark eyes and lightly said: “We have already found clues to Fang Yuan.”


 An old Gu Immortal sitting in front of her, who was known as Myriad Tidal Dragon, smiled: “Fairy Zi Wei, you live up to your reputation of being a wisdom path great expert on the same level as Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, you actually are able to use a will to deduce the crucial clues.”


 The more a will thinks, the more it is consumed. Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s special will left in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had to hibernate to prevent expending itself due to thinking.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s method, however, was mysterious and powerful.


 She used only a will to deduce, and not only did she succeed, that portion of will was not consumed by even twenty percent.


 Such an attainment was truly awe-inspiring.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s main body had a slightly sorrowful expression, she did not comment on Myriad Tidal Dragon’s praise, continuing: “If Fang Yuan had not already been managing Hu Immortal blessed land for some time, I would not have been able to deduce any clues. Fang Yuan has a close connection to Defy, although I was not able to obtain Fang Yuan’s exact location, I know as long as we follow the clues and eliminate the core aspects of Defy, we will be able to find Fang Yuan.”


 Myriad Tidal Dragon nodded: “Fang Yuan has Spring Autumn Cicada, he destroyed Imperial Court blessed land and has obtained inheritances of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he is also an otherworldly demon, and was actually able to survive the battle in Southern Border. Such a dangerous variable must be eliminated! But if we want to deal with him, we must first deal with Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “You can rest assured about this, after I woke up, I immediately made some preparations. I already successfully activated a killer move several days ago and have sealed Spring Autumn Cicada, it won’t be able to activate within three months of time.” The third Gu Immortal present in the hall spoke.


 His voice was hoarse, he had a middle aged appearance with dark bags under his eyes and looked listless, giving others an impression of extreme fatigue.


 However, Fairy Zi Wei and Myriad Tidal Dragon seemed to have confidence in him.


 The latter smiled: “Since you, Wei Ling Yang, have made the move, then Spring Autumn Cicada is of no concern.”


 Fairy Zi Wei spoke: “Then we shall go to Ming Tang valley to capture Gong Sun Liang.”


 At the same time, in Central Continent, at the banks of Pot River.


 Ying Wu Xie was standing at the riverbank, looking at the green willows and feeling the gentle breeze, however, he was feeling erratic inside.


 After detouring around the collapsed area in Earth Abyss, he, along with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Hei Lou Lan and Shi Nu had moved quite a distance before he could use a Gu formation to transport them to the eastern part of Central Continent.


 This area was under the jurisdiction of Wind Cloud Manor, Ying Wu Xie had Fang Yuan’s body and as such, was a criminal wanted by Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, however, he still risked staying here and even had been staying here for three days.


 He was waiting for a person.


 Which person was worth him taking such a huge risk?


 A green shadow approached them while flying at low altitude.


 Ying Wu Xie’s mind jolted, he went to welcome the person.


 The green shadow landed on the ground and halted, it was not a real person but a puppet.


 This puppet had a human figure with two hands and two legs, its body was also robust. But its whole body seemed to be knitted with green grass and rough vines, its head, shoulders and even its rear had green grass growing all over them, all spiking up like knives.


 The green grass puppet looked at the Gu worm in Ying Wu Xie’s hand and recognizing he was its objective, it hummed with a haughty tone: “My master was invited to participate in Ancestor Kong Kong’s treasure appraisal event, so he could not come. If you want to see him, you will have to wait three more days.”


 “Wait for three more days?” Ying Wu Xie’s expression slightly changed.


 “What? If you don’t have the patience, you don’t need to wait, I will quickly go back to inform master.” The green grass puppet spoke indifferently.


 “I will wait.” Ying Wu Xie hurriedly smiled, “I have already waited for three days, there is no harm in waiting three more days. It is just that three days later, it will be a whole six days. If I somehow am still unable to see your master, then I can only give up on this transaction.”


 The green grass puppet snorted before turning around and leaving.


 Several steps later, it lightly stomped on the ground, leaping to the air and turning once again into a green shadow.


 After he left, Ying Wu Xie’s expression immediately sank, his gaze flickering incessantly as he gazed at the receding figure of the green grass puppet.


 When the green puppet’s shadow was out of Ying Wu Xie’s vision, three Gu Immortals appeared from the surroundings, gathering towards Ying Wu Xie.


 They were Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Hei Lou Lan and Shi Nu.


 “That green grass puppet just now, is it the rumored grass puppet avatar?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked in curiosity.


 “Right.” Ying Wu Xie nodded, “It is a grass puppet avatar, formed from the rank six grass puppet Gu with rank six battle strength. When Feng Chan Zi ascended to immortal, his grandfather, Old Man Bei Feng, gave this grass puppet Immortal Gu to him as a gift.”


 “Feng Chan Zi is wildly arrogant, we waited so long for him and he isn’t even coming to meet us? He only sent a grass puppet avatar to meet us?” Hei Lou Lan was dissatisfied.


 Shi Nu sighed, saying helplessly: “To refine Fixed Immortal Travel, we must have the light of the immemorial era, all Gu recipes of Fixed Immortal Travel revolves around this critical material. And the light of the immemorial era, such a rare Gu refinement material, is one of the treasures of Wind Cloud Manor. We have no choice but to put up with them.”


 Ying Wu Xie coldly snorted, but did not speak.


 He wanted to rescue his main body, and to do that, he had to pass the regional wall. He was not like Fang Yuan, so Fixed Immortal Travel was almost a ‘necessary’ Gu to pass the regional wall.


 Right now, he could only endure it.


 He inwardly thought: “Spring Autumn Cicada has already been sealed, it seems Heavenly Court has begun to investigate me. I can’t stay for long in Central Continent, after I refine Fixed Immortal Travel, I need to hurry to Northern Plains and borrow luck from Longevity Heaven! Perhaps I can even make use of the power to conveniently get rid of Fang Yuan. Hmm? No, considering the time, tomorrow should be the day Fang Yuan has his earthly calamity. The earthly calamity of sovereign immortal aperture won’t be easy to pass. Heaven’s will cannot affect Fang Yuan, but can still make arrangements to deal with him. Most likely, not only will there be calamities and tribulations, there could also be human disasters.”



***
Chapter 1053 - Fang Yuan Undergoes Tribulation (1\/5)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “To think that I am back here again.” Fang Yuan sighed internally, he stopped flying as he descended from the sky.


 All he saw was white.


 An icy land filled with snow.


 Huff huff huff...


 Harsh winds blew around him.


 In this intense wind, countless snowflakes and even icicles were flying around.


 Because of the blizzard, Fang Yuan’s vision was greatly hindered.


 Because the temperature was very low, Fang Yuan had to use many Gu worms to maintain his body temperature, to defend himself from the cold winds.


 This was still Northern Plains.


 But the location was at the northernmost end of Northern Plains, it was known to people as the northern icy plain.


 This place originally had a grassland, but because of a devastating battle by experts, the entire terrain was completely destroyed, turning into a void of complete nothingness.


 After the battle, the victor, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, turned into an immemorial desolate beast ice phoenix and breathed out absolute profound ice to freeze and restore this place.


 Earlier, Hei Lou Lan chose this place to undergo her immortal ascension and become an immortal.


 That was because the icy plain had Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true meaning in strength path and transformation path. When strength path or transformation path Gu Masters ascend here, there would be a resonance of dao marks, the strength path and transformation path true meaning would manifest using the earthly calamity.


 When the person undergoing tribulation destroys the earthly calamity, they would receive the infusion of true meaning, it was the same as receiving Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s guidance.


 Memories flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 The image was so vivid, like it was yesterday.


 But now, times were different.


 Fairy Li Shan who had the highest cultivation level was dead, Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had likely been forced to betray him, only Fang Yuan was left now.


 His situation was very different from back then as well.


 “Strength path and transformation path Gu Masters can only receive Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s infusion of true meaning once, that is during their immortal ascension. But now, with the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture, I might be able to replicate it again.” Fang Yuan thought.


 He had not done anything like this before, he was not very certain.


 But after talking with Lang Ya land spirit, he realized that there was a high possibility of success.


 “Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, during her immortal ascension, the danger was huge, she lost her Immortal Gu to barely pass it. My immortal aperture’s calamity is probably far more terrifying than hers!”


 Fang Yuan felt immense pressure.


 If not for the situation, he would not want to undergo tribulation so early.


 Although once in a while, calamities and tribulations would occur in the immortal aperture, Gu Immortals had many methods to deal with them, the most common were time path methods to delay the rate of time of the immortal aperture, to stall the arrival of the calamities and tribulations.


 But this way, the resources inside the immortal aperture would greatly diminish in production.


 The gains and losses had to be assessed according to the Gu Immortal’s situation.


 Lang Ya blessed land had once used time path methods and modified the tributary of the River of Time in the immortal aperture, thus, the time in the immortal aperture was greatly slowed.


 But this method was not from Lang Ya land spirit. In the past, Long Hair Ancestor had requested the help of a time path great expert.


 “I have too large of a tributary of the River of Time in this immortal aperture, I have to undergo tribulation every two months in the outside world. Even though my cultivation level rises quickly, and the resources in the immortal aperture grow rapidly, if I cannot endure the calamities and tribulations and die, it would be for nothing. After this calamity, I need to find some time path methods to modify the tributary of the River of Time in my immortal aperture.”


 These were all matters for the future, the important thing now was the impending calamity.


 “Huff!”


 Fang Yuan let out a breath as his body shook, a mystical change was occurring in his immortal aperture.


 “Immortal aperture, fall here!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, a mystical light shone in his eyes.


 Following a loud sound, his vision changed, taking a glance, he was already inside his immortal aperture.


 Five regions, nine heavens.


 It was vast and empty.


 There were no cultivation resources, because Fang Yuan had not started managing it yet.


 Only all sorts of Gu worms were placed in here.


 At this moment, these Gu worms were flying around Fang Yuan, they were huge in quantity, resembling a giant black cloud.


 Normally speaking, the immortal aperture was inside the Gu Immortal’s body. But now, the immortal aperture was placed in the outside world, and the Gu Immortal’s body was drawn inside.


 At this moment, the situation with Fang Yuan’s body was like that of a land spirit, he could move freely inside the immortal aperture, but he could not leave. And the immortal aperture itself could connect to the heaven and earth qi outside and stabilize itself.


 When Gu Immortals undergo tribulation, they would normally place their immortal apertures in the outside world.


 There was another situation, that was when Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture had too many resources, if the heaven and earth qi inside were too limited in quantity, they would need to place the immortal aperture to take in and replenish the heaven and earth qi.


 On the spot that Fang Yuan was originally standing, he had already disappeared. The immortal aperture was placed on the ice and entered a point in space, it could not be seen as it was linked to the empty space.


 The blizzard was still blowing.


 There were no changes, as if Fang Yuan had never come.


 Everything was as per normal.


 But at the next moment, when Fang Yuan opened the entrance of the immortal aperture, everything changed.


 In an instant, the entire surroundings rumbled, the glaciers shook, endless heaven and earth qi rushed into the immortal aperture through the entrance.


 Soon, a vast amount of heaven and earth qi engulfed the place.


 Blizzards and hail were converted into pure heaven and earth qi.


 The entrance of the immortal aperture was connected to the outside world. By opening it, Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture started to connect to the outside world, drawing in heaven and earth qi continuously.


 It was like a giant monster lurking in the sea, emerging out of the water and opening its mouth to suck in air.


 The vast amount of heaven and earth qi rushed in, causing a tremor in the entire immortal aperture, but the magnitude was so small normal people could not notice it.


 At the same time, the tributary of the River of Time started to fuse with the River of Time of the outside world. The rate of time of the immortal aperture thus slowed greatly.


 When immortal apertures were placed outside, the rate of time inside would greatly decrease, converging towards the five regions’ time.


 Lang Ya blessed land itself was modified by a time path Gu Immortal, and was also placed in the five regions, the rate of time inside was very close to that of the five regions.


 Many Gu Immortals would also choose to place their immortal apertures outside and hide inside the immortal aperture in consideration of their lifespan.


 Out of nowhere, a sensation informed Fang Yuan that the calamity was coming.


 But because the immortal aperture was placed outside and time slowed down, Fang Yuan could clearly sense that the calamity was approaching at a ‘slower’ rate.


 This was normal.


 Every Gu Immortals would feel this whenever they had calamities and tribulations.


 It was like the premonition of an earthquake, animals would growl and go berserk, it was the signifying of an apocalypse.


 Heaven and earth qi continued to gush in at a slower rate, the waterfall at the start had become a large river, in just a short while, it turned into a stream.


 The ‘appetite’ of the immortal aperture was limited.


 Fang Yuan was calm.


 He had rich experience, after seeing the heaven and earth qi, he started to organize his Gu worms.


 Most of the Gu worms in the immortal aperture had already been arranged, the important thing was regarding the outside world.


 A vast number of Gu worms flew outside of the entrance like swarms of bees.


 Even though Fang Yuan could not leave, the Gu worms could.


 Next, he controlled the Gu worms and set up arrangements.


 In a few minutes, the arrangements were completed, Fang Yuan did not hesitate as he injected his immortal essence, activating the Gu worms.


 Immortal Gu flew up one by one, shining with bright lights while floating in the sky.


 The lights weaved together, eventually resonating with the Gu worms in the outside world.


 Finally, a huge blue colored image was formed, it engulfed the immortal aperture and even expanded into the outside world, covering a huge surrounding area of the icy plain.


 Immortal killer move — Immortal Tribulation Tempering Aperture!


 Large amounts of immortal essence were expended, over ten thousand were used, but it was just the start!


 The core Immortal Gu of this killer move were mostly rank seven, Fang Yuan’s green grape immortal essence were consumed rapidly.


 Thankfully, he had already obtained a large amount of immortal essence stones from Lang Ya land spirit, he even borrowed Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Fifteen minutes later, the killer move was completed, and Fang Yuan’s immortal essence was consumed by sixty percent.


 “This expenditure has greatly exceeded the number that Lang Ya land spirit said. But he also mentioned that the expenditure was dependent on the immortal aperture’s world itself, changing accordingly.”


 Before undergoing the tribulation, Fang Yuan had already consumed more than half of his immortal essence.


 However, he had already negotiated with Lang Ya land spirit, he could rapidly borrow immortal essence stones if needed.


 In this tribulation, Lang Ya blessed land was Fang Yuan’s greatest backer.


 But it was inappropriate to borrow now, Lang Ya land spirit would feel suspicious. they had already prepared enough moving perspective cup Gu to transport things during the tribulation. As for what the calamity would be, it was unknown.


 He felt that the calamity was close.


 Fang Yuan collected his Gu worms, he closed the entrance and waited in the immortal aperture patiently.


 During this period, he checked his Gu worms again.


 An hour later, the calamity descended.


 The immortal aperture started to shake, heaven and earth qi appeared from every direction.


 This was the heaven and earth qi inside the immortal aperture, in an instant, heaven and earth qi clashed as a blizzard formed.


 Snow was moving wildly as fierce winds flew, in an instant, the immortal aperture turned into an icy world.


 Fang Yuan saw this and was overjoyed: “Did the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method work?”


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 The blizzard rampaged in the immortal aperture, snow monsters formed in the blizzard one after another.


 “Snow monster calamity? Slash!” Fang Yuan muttered internally, floating in the air as Gu worms flew around him, forming a defensive barrier, he shot out flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Swoosh.


 Flying sword Gu pierced through a snow monster’s head, coming out from the back.


 In an instant, it flew back to Fang Yuan.


 The snow monster cried out, the injuries in its head healed on its own as it continued to charge at Fang Yuan.


 Snow monsters were like mud monsters and cloud beasts, if their core was not destroyed, they were hard to kill, all of these were problematic opponents.


 Flying sword Gu alone could not be effective.


 “But what I am using now is a sword path killer move.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly.


 The snow monster ran for a few steps before growling, its core had been destroyed, as if its bones had melted, the snow monster broke down and became a pile of snow.


 Sword path killer move — Sword Marks Targeting Death!



***
Chapter 1054 - Fang Yuan Undergoes Tribulation (2\/5)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan was someone who learned from his mistakes, while traveling to Northern Plains, he encountered the mud monster and cloud beasts, suffering great losses because of them. Now that he was undergoing tribulation, how could he not fix this weakness?


 Speaking of which, there was a complicated story behind the immortal killer move sword marks targeting death.


 When Fang Yuan entered Lang Ya blessed land, he healed himself while seeking help from Lang Ya land spirit to reverse refine flying sword Immortal Gu and the other rank seven Immortal Gu.


 He was a rank six Gu Immortal now, it was very hard for him to use rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit was very straightforward, because Fang Yuan was a member of Lang Ya Sect, as an external supreme elder, he was one of them, he gave good advice.


 “I can obviously reverse refine these Immortal Gu. And to reverse refine them from rank seven to rank six will be much easier than promoting them to rank seven from rank six. But don’t you find it a waste? Most importantly, reverse refinement would take quite some time, your tribulation is nearing, there is little time. If you start the reverse refinement now, it will not be done in time. You might as well use this killer move.”


 Lang Ya land spirit said this as he handed the killer move, sword marks targeting death, to Fang Yuan.


 “You are very lucky, this killer move was bought by my previous self, it is suitable for many sword path Immortal Gu to use.”


 Fang Yuan felt strange when he heard that, Long Hair Ancestor was purely a refinement path Gu Immortal, why would the land spirit purchase a sword path killer move that he could not use?


 But after looking at it, he understood why.


 As it turned out, sword marks targeting death was a killer move that permanently expended the dao marks in the sword path Immortal Gu to carve them on the target. After the sword path Immortal Gu flies away, the sword path dao marks would find the target’s weak spot and attack it.


 Like earlier, Fang Yuan used flying sword Immortal Gu as the core to use sword marks targeting death and pierced the desolate beast snow monster. This attack was not fatal, the wound caused by the Immortal Gu healed quickly. But the dao marks it left behind were still in the snow monster’s body, it attacked its hidden core and once broken, the snow monster suffered a fatal blow and died.


 This way, flying sword Immortal Gu could kill targets like snow monsters, it no longer worked with little effect against these enemies.


 But this killer move had a huge drawback.


 That was the permanent expenditure of the Immortal Gu’s dao marks.


 Immortal Gu were large fragments of the Great Dao, the product of countless dao marks. The higher the rank of the Immortal Gu, the larger the fragment of the Great Dao, and the higher the number of dao marks.


 The more sword marks targeting death was used, the fewer the dao marks in the sword path Immortal Gu, they could not be recovered. This way, the Immortal Gu would get weaker and weaker. At a certain point, a qualitative change would occur, and the rank six Immortal Gu would turn back into a mortal Gu, or the rank seven Immortal Gu would become a rank six.


 This weakness was severe, it made sword marks targeting death an unfavored killer move.


 The previous Lang Ya land spirit bought this killer move for a low price because he was interested in the killer move itself.


 In fact, every usage of the sword path killer move sword marks targeting death was akin to reverse refining the Immortal Gu. Except that the reverse refinement was very minute, a large number of usages were needed to produce a clear effect.


 Once Fang Yuan understood this, he knew why Lang Ya land spirit had bought this killer move.


 The previous Lang Ya land spirit’s favorite interest was to refine Gu.


 Fang Yuan thought over it and accepted this sword path killer move.


 Without question, this killer move was extremely suitable for him now.


 Winds howled as snow blew around.


 Sword light entered the blizzard, the blizzard could not block the sharp sword light, it was easily pierced.


 The sword light drew a beautiful arc in the sky, it hit a desolate beast snow monster’s chest, before flying out from its back, turning around and flying back to Fang Yuan.


 The injuries healed quickly, the desolate beast snow monster laughed, it was about to move when its body scattered, turning into a pile of snow.


 In a breath’s time, dozens of small snow monsters came out of this pile.


 But these snow monsters were only ten or twenty feet tall, they were not a problem.


 Another sword marks targeting death!


 This move was very effective, desolate beast snow monsters were destroyed in just one hit.


 Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction.


 At this point, he finally experienced one of the advantages of sword path.


 “When Gu Masters cultivate, they use Gu, nurture Gu, and refine Gu, these are extremely profound and deep. It is still flying sword Immortal Gu, but I changed the method of usage and received an incredibly different result. Again!”


 Fang Yuan used sword marks targeting death again.


 In the blizzard, desolate beast snow monsters formed again, but they were quickly killed by Fang Yuan.


 The strength of the snow monsters were related to their size.


 Ten or twenty feet tall snow monsters could be dealt with by rank one or two Gu Masters. Sixty feet tall snow monsters were desolate beasts, they were on par with rank six Gu Immortals. Seventy feet tall snow monsters were equal to rank seven Gu Immortals.


 These sixty feet tall snow monsters were all killed by Fang Yuan, they were easy targets.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength was raised greatly, back then in Hu Immortal blessed land, he had so much trouble facing the swamp crab, but now against an endless number of snow monsters, he could fight calmly and control the situation.


 But Fang Yuan did not relax, he was staying vigilant.


 “I am having an easy time because I am using the rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu to deal with desolate beast snow monsters, and also because sword marks targeting death is a powerful move that consumes dao marks. Furthermore, the swamp crab had brought over gruel mud Immortal Gu’s effect with it, while these snow monsters have no such Immortal Gu. Hmm?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression focused.


 He observed closely, after those desolate beast snow monsters died, the new, small snow monsters that were formed were growing in size.


 Ten feet to twenty feet, twenty feet to thirty feet...


 These snow monsters were growing stronger!


 “If they are allowed to continue growing, would they become sixty feet desolate beast snow monsters?” Fang Yuan did not dare to be careless, he stopped using flying sword Immortal Gu, as he waved his hands, countless dark vortexes flew out.


 Bam bam bam...


 These black bullets rained down like a storm.


 The snow monsters were instantly faced with a disaster, countless numbers died.


 But soon, from these smaller snow monsters’ corpses, more of them spawned.


 Fang Yuan killed dozens of snow monsters, but over a hundred came back up!


 Fang Yuan saw this and frowned, he felt troubled.


 But he observed carefully, although the snow monsters that came back were high in numbers, they were much smaller now.


 Fang Yuan had a guess, at his will, thousands of green wind blades flew out around his body, shooting out.


 The wind blades arrived like a huge net, engulfing the countless snow monsters on the ground.


 The desolate beast snow monsters were intact, but the small snow monsters were sliced into pieces.


 At once, marks from the blades were on the ground as snow splattered.


 Fang Yuan activated his investigative Gu, his eyes shined brightly as he observed the battlefield.


 “As expected, once ten feet tall snow monsters die, they cannot produce more snow monsters.” After confirming his guess, he relaxed slightly.


 Soon after, he had a flash of inspiration: “Is this because of the blizzard?”


 Splitting his focus, he activated over a hundred mortal Gu in a few breaths’ time.


 A domain of darkness formed from under his feet, creating a dark veil.


 This was Gu Immortal Hei Cheng’s battlefield killer move — Dark Veil.


 The immortal aperture could not normally have battlefield killer moves inside. This was because battlefield killer moves had dao marks, they changed the environment, they clashed with the immortal aperture’s own dao marks and would result in damage.


 But the battlefield killer moves here referred to immortal battlefield killer moves. Fang Yuan’s dark veil was mortal level, it was not problematic.


 He also had Xue Song Zi’s mortal battlefield killer move, snow domain, but if he used it, it would increase the strength of the snow monsters, it was inappropriate.


 Once dark veil was used, the surrounding blizzard weakened.


 As expected, the small snow monsters started growing at a slower speed.


 But this did not last, the blizzard seemed to have been enraged, it rampaged more fiercely, as the snow moved rapidly, dark veil was being compressed, it shrunk to Fang Yuan’s feet before completely collapsing with a loud sound.


 Only twenty percent of the hundred Gu worms that made up dark veil survived, they were retrieved by Fang Yuan.


 “Desolate beast snow monsters appear continuously, and small snow monsters appear from their corpses, they would also become stronger at an unthinkable speed due to the blizzard. It is counterproductive to try and isolate the blizzard. Now it seems, I can only get rid of the small snow monsters as well as the desolate beast snow monsters...” Fang Yuan concluded.


 He did not guess wrongly.


 This calamity was very powerful.


 This was only sovereign immortal aperture’s first calamity, but it had greatly exceeded Hu Immortal blessed land’s fifth (blue charm lightning shadow), sixth (swamp crab), and seventh (blood poison kerria flowers) earthly calamities.


 His immortal essence was continuously expended.


 As he concentrated deeply, his mind was feeling fatigue.


 But Fang Yuan was also getting more familiar with using the killer move sword marks targeting death.


 Time passed.


 The heaven and earth qi in the immortal aperture continued to rumble, the blizzard formed also was growing immensely.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim.


 He noticed that this earthly calamity was not only huge, it was going to last a long time, it was far stronger than the ten great catastrophes!


 Desolate beast snow monsters continued to increase in numbers, Fang Yuan’s sword marks targeting death could no longer kill them quickly enough.


 The newly formed small snow monsters were large in numbers, Fang Yuan had to use mortal killer moves to kill them.


 He was handling both matters at the same time, it was hard to manage them.


 “Thankfully, these snow monsters cannot fly. I occupy the high ground, even though I need to deal with the blizzard, the initiative is still with me.”


 The moment this thought flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind, the loud screech of an eagle entered Fang Yuan’s ears.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and his expression turned dark, this was bad!


 In the blizzard, iron crown eagles made from snow were forming.


 An eagle flapped its wings, charging at Fang Yuan with a ferocious aura.


 Fang Yuan quickly turned around, using sword marks targeting death to deal with the eagle.


 But in a short time, three more iron crown eagles formed, flying in the air, encircling him.


 His pressure increased, danger was approaching!



***
Chapter 1055 - Fang Yuan Undergoes Tribulation (3\/5)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Three iron crown eagles charged at Fang Yuan.


 Sword marks targeting death!


 Fang Yuan internally gasped, to think that at the crucial moment, this had happened.


 As the activation of the killer move failed, the backlash caused blood to flow down from the corner of his mouth.


 After all, he had owned this sword path killer move for too short of a time. In an emergency, when he was not focused, the failure rate of activation would surge.


 An eagle screech resounded, it could burst eardrums.


 The iron crown eagle in front of him pounced.


 Fang Yuan quickly dodged, a phantom image behind him flickered as light illusion bat wings appeared, dodging the eagle’s attack.


 But the shield of wind around him was already broken, the iron crown eagle’s claws tore through it in a moment.


 Fang Yuan squinted, he decided to use sword marks targeting death again, and he succeeded!


 The sword light was extremely sharp, it easily pierced the iron crown eagle’s back, and continued to shoot out.


 Suddenly, cold winds blew behind him as Fang Yuan’s heart skipped a beat, he had no time to think further, he used sword escape Immortal Gu immediately.


 Swoosh, he shot out like an arrow, piercing the sky, by rising in altitude, he narrowly avoided the attack of the iron crown eagle behind him.


 He temporarily escaped danger, Fang Yuan stopped using Sword Escape.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu flew straight, it was extremely fast, Fang Yuan flew into the sky and was more than ten li away from the iron crown eagle.


 Letting out a breath, Fang Yuan’s heartbeat returned to normal.


 After regaining his composure, he willed and summoned flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Earlier, he could not recall Flying Sword as it had flown away after piercing the iron crown eagle. There was more than ten breaths of time needed for it to return to Fang Yuan.


 As for the iron crown eagle which got pierced, it cried out pitifully as it crashed towards the ground.


 Before landing on the ground, its entire body turned into a big mushy pile of snow and ice, scattering.


 The remaining two iron crown eagles charged to kill Fang Yuan from left and right respectively, as the blizzard roared.


 Fang Yuan was unwilling to face them head on, he used Sword Escape and retreated.


 Even though his body was superb, it was not as tough as his immortal zombie body.


 Sword path was good in offense while weak in defense.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu allowed Fang Yuan to fly like an arrow, tearing through the sky as he pulled away from the iron crown eagles, the effect was immediate.


 Even flying sword Immortal Gu was not as fast as Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan flew in a circle in the sky before converging with flying sword Immortal Gu, retrieving it.


 Fang Yuan held flying sword Immortal Gu in his hand as he injected immortal essence into it, at the same time, he mobilized his Gu worms and activated more than a hundred supplementary Gu worms, a profound light was created as it entered flying sword Immortal Gu.


 The two iron crown eagles were coincidentally chasing him with one in front of the other.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his fingers, he felt a small tremor in his hand as flying sword Gu flew out, it turned into an astonishing sword light, it seemed to have the power to pierce the universe!


 Flying sword Immortal Gu and the iron crown eagles rapidly approached each other. In the blink of the eye, flying sword Immortal Gu flew through the first iron crown eagle and proceeded to pierce the second one without any loss in momentum.


 Two birds with one stone!


 The iron crown eagle in front flew for a moment before breaking apart.


 The one behind was still intact, it continued to fly towards Fang Yuan, as if it had an immense grudge against him.


 Fang Yuan was about to take back flying sword Immortal Gu when his mind shuddered!


 Out of nowhere, a burst of true meaning was entering his mind, Fang Yuan’s brows raised, he could not conceal his joy.


 “This is Reckless Savage’s infusion of true meaning! It seems that my original guess was not wrong, it succeeded!”


 Fang Yuan was purposely undergoing tribulation in the icy plain, it was for the true meaning of Reckless Savage.


 Because in historical records, when strength path and transformation path Gu Masters undergo tribulation in the icy plain, they would receive an infusion of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, obtaining a growth in their attainment levels.


 But this gift was only for Gu Masters when they ascended to immortal. After the Gu Master becomes an immortal, the calamities and tribulations happen in their immortal apertures, they would not receive any infusion of true meaning.


 But after Fang Yuan obtained the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture, he wondered if this killer move would be able to cause the infusion of true meaning.


 Earlier, when he killed the desolate beast snow monsters and small snow monsters, he did not receive any infusion of true meaning, he thought he was wrong. But after killing the iron crown eagle, there seemed to be an infusion of true meaning, although it was a dangerous situation, he could not confirm it.


 Now, he could finally feel the infusion of true meaning.


 A sense of understanding arose in him.


 He seemed to have turned into an iron crown eagle, from birth, until its first flight, and until it soared the skies. He felt its wings flapping strongly, they had great strength. He clenched his fists like two claws of an iron crown eagle, he looked around, being able to see up to a gigantic distance away.


 His strength path and transformation path attainment levels were rising.


 And his flying attainment level was also rising slightly!


 The infusion of true meaning was like the guidance of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, without any withheld information.


 Undeniably, the rise of attainment levels gave great benefits in all aspects.


 If he trained normally, his attainment level might rise after decades or centuries. Other than dream realms, only something like the infusion of Reckless Savage’s true meaning here could raise the attainment level of someone so easily.


 “In fact, dream realms themselves are the manifestations of emotions, obsessions and desires, they are the remains of countless wills. Once one succeeds in exploring a dream realm, their attainment level would rise, it is the same as breaking free from the obstruction of emotions in the dream realm, without losing oneself, one could extract true meaning from these scattered memories and gain a growth in attainment level.”


 “Everything, in essence, is still true meaning infusion!”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with bright light.


 The iron crown eagle approached, but Fang Yuan easily dodged it.


 There was only one iron crown eagle left, Fang Yuan created some distance from it and used sword marks targeting death to kill it without any mishaps.


 Looking over his immortal essence, there was still some left.


 Even though he used multiple sword path killer moves and rank seven Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was well prepared, he was not as desperate as the time he was traveling.


 He had not borrowed from Lang Ya land spirit yet.


 Most of his resources were in fact spent on the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture!


 There were no enemies in the sky now, Fang Yuan looked at the ground.


 The snow monsters stood on the ground, raising their heads and growling at him.


 “The number is higher now.” Fang Yuan frowned.


 At the next moment, countless green wind blades and dark vortexes appeared out of nowhere, shooting down. Like surging waves of a river, he unleashed a terrifying attack that covered the entire area, engulfing all of the snow monsters.


 Boom boom boom...


 Explosions occurred continuously.


 After dozens of breaths of time, Fang Yuan stopped attacking.


 The huge number of snow monsters had decreased innumerably, the ground had a lot of empty space now, only the desolate beast snow monsters were still around, like dozens of huge pillars.


 He had only used mortal methods, they were not threatened by them.


 Huff huff huff.


 Small sounds were produced, completely covered by the raging blizzard.


 More small snow monsters emerged from the snow.


 “It has only been such a short time, but these snow monsters are still persisting!” Fang Yuan felt this was quite a headache.


 He could only use sword marks targeting death to kill the desolate beast snow monsters quickly. At the same time, he used mortal methods to kill the uncountable number of small snow monsters.


 What made him feel strange was, no matter how many snow monsters he killed, be it desolate beasts or not, he received no true meaning of Reckless Savage.


 “This earthly calamity is very strange, there aren’t records of it in history. But at its current strength, it has already surpassed Hei Lou Lan’s ascension.”


 At this time, spirals formed in the blizzard, as a change occurred.


 Cranes flew out of the spirals.


 These cranes had pure white and clean feathers, they were graceful and had beautiful cries, they were desolate beast nine palace cranes.


 Fang Yuan licked his lips, he charged forward with bloodthirsty intent.


 After killing one, there was indeed an infusion of true meaning infusion, Fang Yuan felt very excited, his eyes were shining brightly.


 Snow descended, wild winds blew, Fang Yuan engaged in combat with these nine palace cranes.


 He moved around rapidly in all directions, he could maneuver agilely as he flew up and down.


 At first, he fought alone against many enemies, he was pushed back and fell into a passive position.


 But after killing a few nine palace cranes, he had more space to move around, he could retreat and advance more easily.


 As his gains increased, he started to gain control of the situation, he had an easier time.


 Nine of these nine palace cranes had appeared this time, they were three times the number of iron crown eagles, but they were still killed by Fang Yuan, it just took a longer time.


 The results were gratifying.


 Fang Yuan could feel his attainment level rising, he was improving again.


 This type of feeling towards getting stronger was extremely intoxicating.


 However, when Fang Yuan saw the uncountable number of snow monsters on the ground, his heart sank again.


 Earlier, he was only fighting over a dozen desolate beast snow monsters, but now there were fifty to sixty of them!


 And in the blizzard, more and more small snow monsters were appearing, while the desolate beast snow monsters were progressing to ancient desolate beast level.


 This situation made Fang Yuan determined to stop it as soon as possible.


 “In this situation, I can only use the third sword path killer move!”


 Immortal killer move — Triple Layered Sword Wave.


 Fang Yuan took in a deep breath, more than sixty percent of his concentration was on this, he activated more than five hundred mortal Gu at once, and even more supplementary Gu worms as time passed.


 This killer move’s difficulty as well as the time needed to activate it were far higher than sword marks targeting death.


 Thus, it could not be used extensively.


 Finally, Fang Yuan took out wave sword Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu looked like either a blade or water at various times, it expanded in the air, soon resembling a blue circular wave of water, it surrounded the area all around it.


 Fang Yuan was about to attack the snow monsters, when at this time, a huge figure descended.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and drew in a deep breath.


 He saw that a giant ruin bat had formed and filled the sky, covering the surroundings!


 “Oh no!” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 This ruin bat was huge, it was an ancient desolate beast, able to fight rank seven Gu Immortals.


 At the same time, ruin bats were space path beasts, they had incredible destructive force if they rampaged in the immortal aperture, they could even shatter the walls of the immortal aperture!



***
Chapter 1056 - Fang Yuan Undergoes Tribulation (4\/5)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “It is only my first earthly calamity, but there are so many desolate beast snow monsters, and even an ancient ruin bat...” Fang Yuan looked up with a bitter expression.


 The ancient ruin bat was huge, it cast a shadow that loomed over Fang Yuan and countless snow monsters.


 At once, the blizzard weakened.


 The snow monsters stopped making cries and roars, they looked up at this ferocious beast in the sky.


 “Before leaving Lang Ya blessed land, I had already used luck path killer moves to increase my luck. Since the tribulation, I have been using dog shit luck Immortal Gu continuously. My luck should have reduced the might of the earthly calamity already. Even so, this earthly calamity is still so incredibly powerful!”


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, focusing his mind again.


 The ancient ruin bat flew in the sky, its body was huge like a mountain, crashing down on Fang Yuan.


 At once, aura was bursting out, the air was compressed as a strong pressure could be felt.


 Sword path killer move — Triple Layered Sword Wave.


 Fang Yuan had no way to retreat, he could only face it and use the third sword path killer move.


 Rumble!


 A loud sound.


 The sword waves around him started moving around, they rumbled as ripples appeared.


 These waves were shining with a silvery white light, they were extremely sharp and had incredible offensive power.


 The waves moved upwards in defiance of gravity, splitting apart in the air, as multiple gigantic waves crashed at the ancient ruin bat.


 The ruin bat did not make a sound, it smashed these waves.


 Fang Yuan pushed with a hand, swoosh, another huge wave was summoned.


 This wave was larger than the first one, it filled the entire surroundings. There were many ripples at the edge of the wave, they were shining and emitting a dangerous aura.


 Wherever the sword waves went, everything was cleansed, the blizzard was wiped out and even air shattered.


 Evidently, this was an area of effect attack.


 It used the rank seven wave sword Immortal Gu as the core, along with several water path Immortal Gu which were borrowed from Lang Ya land spirit by Fang Yuan.


 The second sword wave crashed into the ruin bat.


 The ruin bat, which was flying down, stopped moving for a moment, at the same time, it screeched out in pain.


 The sword wave did not last long, after it receded, Fang Yuan could see that there were deep marks left by swords on the ancient ruin bat.


 In normal situations, ruin bats would avoid danger and would retreat when they encountered danger that threatened their lives. But this ancient ruin bat was not a normal specimen, it was formed from the earthly calamity, after getting injured, it did not rest, it charged at Fang Yuan relentlessly.


 The ruin bat was a space path beast, facing it, Fang Yuan’s sword escape Immortal Gu had little effect.


 Because the space around Fang Yuan was affected by the ruin bat’s strength. One or two steps would take several hundred steps to travel in reality.


 Simply dodging was a terrible idea. Even though the ruin bat flew slowly, its space path powers also restricted Fang Yuan’s speed.


 The only way to resist was by eliminating the enemy, using offense against offense, that was the best plan!


 Thankfully, triple layered sword wave could unleash three sword waves, its might grew with each wave.


 The third wave!


 The sword wave was ten meters tall, it crashed towards the ancient ruin bat with immense might, the sound of the moving wave filled the world. The ripples were sharp with sword light, even Fang Yuan, who was the user, felt his body shuddering, a feeling of chilliness inside him.


 Boom!


 The sword wave and the ruin bat collided.


 The ancient ruin bat’s charge halted, it raised its head and cried out in utter pain.


 The sword wave struck at its stomach, the wounds from earlier were hit again, its injuries were deepening. Finally, when the wave was about to run out of water, it pierced through the ancient ruin bat’s back.


 Poof.


 With a loud sound, a large amount of flesh and blood fell from the ancient ruin bat’s body.


 After being cut by the third sword wave, the ancient ruin bat ‘slimmed down’, its huge body became much smaller.


 The gigantic mountain which emitted an immense pressure had been lifted.


 Fang Yuan felt his entire body relaxing. The space path power that was restricting him earlier had vanished.


 The heavily injured ancient ruin bat crashed to the ground, after floating around like a kite with its strings cut.


 With a huge sound, snow and ice were sent flying on impact.


 “I killed it!” Fang Yuan was joyous, but his expression suddenly changed.


 A huge amount of true meaning entered his mind, like a waterfall from the nine heavens.


 This true meaning far surpassed the total gains from earlier.


 In an instant, Fang Yuan’s state of mind was scattered.


 Fang Yuan forgot himself, he was like a ruin bat, from birth to growing up, until his death. Flying in the sky, he tore through space, traveling freely in the huge world.


 After a momentary daze, Fang Yuan jolted to awareness, his eyes, which were unfocused, gave off a sharp light.


 “It seems that too much true meaning would be like a snake swallowing an elephant, I would overeat and have a risk of dying from bursting my stomach!” Realizing this, cold sweat dripped from Fang Yuan’s forehead.


 Reckless Savage’s true meaning was good, it was the fastest way to raise one’s attainment level.


 But there was a limit to everything in the world. Too much of a good thing would lead to harm.


 With too much of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, the Gu Immortal’s consciousness would be destroyed. Thankfully, Fang Yuan had a wisdom path foundation and had defensive wisdom path Immortal Gu that he borrowed from Lang Ya land spirit.


 Otherwise, Fang Yuan’s consciousness would be destroyed by the true meaning, after losing his senses, he might think he was truly a ruin bat that had died in the earthly calamity.


 “I have little immortal essence left, thankfully, the ancient ruin bat is already dead...”


 Fang Yuan floated in the sky, looking down.


 After the ruin bat’s corpse landed on the ground, it turned into snow, breaking apart.


 But there were a hundred desolate beast snow monsters on the ground, along with an uncountable number of small snow monsters, seventy feet tall ancient desolate beast snow monsters were starting to appear!


 “Damn it, it has only been such a short time.” Seeing this, Fang Yuan felt terrible, he felt a strong sense of helplessness towards such a huge group of enemies.


 “To clear up these snow monsters, I will need to borrow immortal essence stones from Lang Ya land spirit.” Fang Yuan was not willing to do it, he had already repaid the debt he owed to Lang Ya land spirit, but now he had no choice but to borrow again.


 The blizzard which had weakened was getting stronger again.


 Palm-sized snowflakes flew down from the sky. Raging winds rampaged wildly.


 Two ancient ruin bats started to form in the blizzard.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, his expression was ashen as he cursed internally: “I might as well die, what sort of earthly calamity is this? Even heavenly tribulations are not this terrifying!”


 This was of course, just a complaint to vent his emotions, Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he shot out like an arrow, taking the initiative to attack!


 The ancient ruin bat earlier had almost killed him already. If two appeared at the same time and attacked Fang Yuan, he could not win!


 The earthly calamity’s power was starting to decline, it was going to end.


 These two ancient ruin bats formed slowly, it could not compare to earlier.


 Fang Yuan wanted to attack before these two ancient ruin bats finished forming.


 But at this time, a new blizzard started to fall from the sky.


 Several huge snowballs were directed towards him, they were like horse carriages, thankfully, Fang Yuan had quasi-grandmaster flying attainment, he dodged in time and was not hit.


 Fang Yuan took a look, the perpetrators were the snow monsters on the ground.


 After the nurturing of the blizzard, the ancient snow monsters had increased in numbers, growing rapidly, earlier there were only a few, now there were twenty-eight of them.


 These ancient snow monsters clenched their fists as snowballs formed. After growling, they stretched their hands as the horse carriage-like snowballs shot up like meteors, towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom, these two ancient ruin bats were hard to deal with, and with these snowballs obstructing his movement, his plan would be delayed, by the time these two ancient ruin bats formed, Fang Yuan would fail this tribulation for sure!


 Just as Fang Yuan was in a dangerous situation while undergoing tribulation in his immortal aperture, someone else was also undergoing tribulation in the icy plain.


 This was a Gu Master’s immortal ascension, the heaven and earth qi was turning into the tribulation.


 “Master, save me!” The Gu Master cried out, facing the attack of the frost lightning, he could not retaliate, he could only watch as death descended.


 Bam.


 A soft sound echoed.


 At the crucial moment, a figure stood in front of the Gu Master undergoing tribulation.


 The frost lightning that was unstoppable against the Gu Master was fragile as paper in front of this person.


 The frost lightning appeared and disappeared just as quickly.


 it was useless, it could not even touch that person’s clothing.


 “Master’s cultivation level is so high!” The Gu Master sighed. Ever since the tribulation started, he had been sighing and feeling shocked, he was almost numb now.


 “This is only the flying frost jumping lightning tribulation, it is not even one of the ten great catastrophes.” Gu Immortal Chu Du was expressionless, he felt regret looking at the lingering frost lightning.


 “Master, from your words, you are not happy with the intensity of the tribulation?” The Gu Master asked.


 Chu Du answered plainly: “When Gu Masters ascend, they draw in heaven and earth qi, during this process, they would mingle with heaven’s will. If they ask any questions regarding cultivation, heaven’s will would give them an answer. This is also known as natural inspiration.”


 “But in the northern icy plain, when strength path Gu Masters undergo immortal ascension, they would trigger Reckless Savage’s true meaning. Because of this, the Gu Master does not interact with heaven’s will, instead, they will mingle with Reckless Savage’s true meaning, and their strength path and transformation path attainment levels will rise sharply.”


 “The stronger the tribulation, the higher the quantity of Reckless Savage’s true meaning gathered. I nurtured all of you disciples because I want the true meaning of Reckless Savage during your ascension. Obtaining the true meaning would allow my strength path attainment level to rise.”


 “So that’s it.” The Gu Master realized: “So this is what master meant regarding the need for my help when you made me your disciple back then?”


 Chu Du was about to speak when a huge sound from a great distance was heard.


 “Hmm?” Chu Du looked, he saw that far away, space was cracked, like a broken mirror, the scene of Fang Yuan fighting with the ancient ruin bats in his immortal aperture could be seen.


 “This?!” Chu Du’s body shook, his eyes were shining immediately.



***
Chapter 1057 - Fang Yuan Undergoes Tribulation (5\/5)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chu Du.


 Known as Domination Immortal, a legendary person in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 He was born in a poor family, he was not of the Huang Jin bloodline, he had a lowly start, even his aperture awakening was by chance. Without any teachers or tribesmen to help him, he cultivated alone. He cultivated strength path, but was not restrained by the flaws of it. With his overwhelming talent, he independently created jin strength Gu, strength of ten jin Gu, jun strength Gu, strength of ten jun Gu and others.


 Using these Gu worms, he grew step by step, under everyone’s shocked gazes, he turned from a mortal to an immortal.


 But this was not the end of his legend, when he became a Gu Immortal, he went back to his roots and created the human jun strength branch.


 This small branch gave the dying strength path a surge of rejuvenation, it was as if vitality had filled dying trees, strength path shined again in a different light.


 After the beast strength phantom branch and atmospheric heaven and earth branch, it was recognized by everyone that strength path had a new human jun strength branch.


 With his efforts alone, he changed the future of strength path.


 Nobody could deny his grand achievement.


 Now, nine out of ten Northern Plains Gu Masters cultivated strength path on the side, they mostly used the human jun strength branch.


 Destiny was a mystical thing, nobody could decipher it.


 Be it Chu Du or Fang Yuan, they had never thought that they would meet in such a situation.


 Fang Yuan was undergoing tribulation, because of the ancient ruin bat’s power, his immortal aperture’s walls were shattered, connecting to the outside world.


 And Chu Du was assisting his disciple in his immortal ascension tribulation, absorbing the true meaning of Reckless Savage.


 The northern icy plain was so huge, but these two people chose their tribulation location so closely.


 Both of their eyes made contact over the distance in an instant!


 Chu Du had just destroyed his disciples tribulation, one of his hands was behind his back, while the other was toying with the frost lightning, he was calm and composed.


 Fang Yuan was wearing a white robe, he had a sharp gaze, his body was injured, battle intent rose in him like he was a divine sword, the sharpness in him made even Chu Du frown.


 “Someone is undergoing tribulation here, what is going on? The ancient ruin bat inside has Reckless Savage’s true meaning, it manifested using the tribulation. This person has such an amazing method, he can replicate the immortal ascension and obtain Reckless Savage’s true meaning to improve himself!” Chu Du felt immense shock before it turned into joy.


 “Domination Immortal Chu Du!” Fang Yuan was shocked: “This person is helping another person with his tribulation, he must be after Reckless Savage’s true meaning. Oh no, he saw what is going on here, he will definitely seek me!”


 Fang Yuan had obtained the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture from land spirit, this was a huge attraction to Domination Immortal Chu Du.


 “As long as I can get his method, why would I need to bother with raising disciples for immortal ascension? I can undergo tribulations myself and draw in Reckless Savage’s true meaning, the tribulations would be stronger and I would obtain even more true meaning, that would be best! I must, I must get this method!!” Chu Du screamed in his mind, he shot towards Fang Yuan like a flash of lightning.


 He was known as the Domination Immortal, in the past when he was rank six, an experienced lone immortal came to find trouble with him and was beaten to a pulp. The lone immortal called for reinforcements, but the three lone immortals were chased by the newly ascended Chu Du, he chased them for an enormous distance before killing all three immortals.


 A hundred years later, Chu Du and a Gu Immortal of Liu tribe had a conflict, after a dozen rounds of fighting, the Liu tribe Gu Immortal lost and begged him for mercy, but Chu Du killed him without hesitation.


 Next, Liu tribe sent out several Gu Immortals, Chu Du’s two fists could not rival four palms, he was outnumbered, he went into seclusion for decades. When he appeared again, he had rank seven cultivation level, he went around and destroyed eighteen of Liu tribe’s resource points in three days. Three of Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals chased after him, but he did not run away, instead, he forced the three Liu tribe Gu Immortals to retreat and even nearly attacked their headquarters.


 Chu Du encircled Liu tribe’s blessed land and refused to leave. Liu tribe’s first supreme elder emerged outside in anger, fighting with Chu Du for a long time, he was an experienced rank seven expert, but he could not do anything to Chu Du. He could only let him leave freely.


 After this battle, Chu Du’s reputation surged, the entire Gu Immortal world found out about his domineering style!


 No Gu Immortal dared to look down on him. Those who tried to find trouble with him had to consider it thoroughly before acting.


 But after this battle, Chu Du became very low profile, he cultivated in seclusion and rarely showed himself. It was only during the recent Northern Plains auction that he appeared in front of everyone.


 Now, it seemed that in the past, Chu Du gained a huge growth in strength and defeated Liu tribe because of Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 He nurtured a few Gu Masters and helped them to ascend to immortal, his strength path attainment level reached grandmaster level, and he created his own immortal killer moves.


 When the time was ripe, he took advantage of Liu tribe’s temporary weakness and challenged them, he not only took revenge for himself, he even created a fierce reputation.


 These last years, he had been secluded, staying inside the northern icy plain, trying to excavate the huge treasure known as Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 Chu Du saw Fang Yuan, he not only wanted Fang Yuan’s method of drawing out Reckless Savage’s true meaning, he even had a feeling of unhappiness because his treasure was being taken by others.


 Thus, he did not think too deeply, he attacked directly, he wanted to take down Fang Yuan and interrogate the method to lure out Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 Though the distance was great, it was nothing to Gu Immortals.


 Their distance was shrinking rapidly.


 “Huh?” Chu Du stretched out his right hand, pointing at Fang Yuan who was in the immortal aperture, but a sword light shot at him first.


 He reacted quickly, but Fang Yuan was even faster!


 Almost at the first instant, Fang Yuan used sword marks targeting death and shot out flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Flying Sword pierced through the sky, shining in bright silvery light, Chu Du could not look at it directly.


 Chu Du chuckled, he stretched out his right arm, grabbing at Flying Sword.


 Boom!


 An explosion caused the air to burst.


 A huge strength path phantom in the form of Chu Du’s right hand squeezed the air, it was like a rampaging mountain, moving quickly and grabbing flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Surprise flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Chu Du’s strength path phantom hand was very similar to his giant hand. But evidently, his strength path giant hand was not only stronger than Fang Yuan’s, it was even more agile.


 Chu Du’s strength path giant hand moved together with his actual right hand.


 After grabbing flying sword Immortal Gu, Chu Du clenched his fist and directly sealed flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan instantly felt that his connection to flying sword Immortal Gu weakened severely.


 Chu Du frowned in an unnoticeable manner, he opened his clenched fist, he saw a trace of blood at the center of his palm.


 It was the killer move sword marks targeting death’s effect.


 “Interesting.” He commented lightly.


 While he said that, the injury on his palm has already healed.


 “Hand over the method and I will spare your life. Hmm?” Chu Du proclaimed but when he raised his head, his expression changed.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan chopped off the lower half of his body, he used a certain blood path killer move and refined his lower body into a pool of blood.


 The blood fused into the immortal aperture’s gap and fixed the crack within space in an instant.


 Chu Du quickly used his strength path giant hand to attack.


 But it was a moment too late, he had lost his chance. The giant hand failed to hit anything, like a crashing meteor, it landed on the ground and formed a huge crater of over dozens of meters wide.


 Chu Du flew to the spot where Fang Yuan placed his immortal aperture with a heavy expression. He did not have any method to break into the immortal aperture.


 “Damn it! Why did I encounter Domination Immortal of all people?” Inside the immortal aperture, Fang Yuan only was left with his upper body, he floated in the air. His injuries were severe, his lower body had already been refined and used.


 Intense pain did not affect Fang Yuan due to the use of Gu worms, faced with two ancient ruin bats, he kept his composure and calmness.


 “I have to kill these two ruin bats as soon as possible!!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his expression was ruthless.


 Triple layered sword wave!


 He used this killer move consecutively, the waves crashed against the ancient ruin bats.


 Ugh!


 Fang Yuan’s seven orifices spurted blood, his head was dizzy, he was on the verge of fainting.


 His head was hurting, triple layered sword wave was a killer move that used many Gu worms, it was not easy to activate. In order to use so many Gu worms, he had used up all of the thoughts in his mind, his brain was in a state of overuse.


 And to protect his aperture walls, to prevent the ancient ruin bats from causing more destruction, Fang Yuan had to block all of the ancient ruin bats’ attacks desperately.


 Seconds passed like years.


 Every time he blocked an ancient ruin bat’s attack, Fang Yuan’s vision turned dark, he was uncertain about his capability regarding blocking the next attack.


 He could not think of anything else, all of his newly produced thoughts were used to mobilize all of the Gu worms in his body.


 Both sides were like warriors in a death match, they attacked with sharp weapons and stabbed their opponents continuously, whoever was unable to endure it would fall in defeat first.


 After an unknown period of time, a gust of wind blew, clarity flashed in Fang Yuan’s dazed eyes.


 “Did I succeed?” He looked up in the sky, at the falling ancient ruin bat as he muttered to himself.


 Soon, the thoughts in his mind replenished amply, he could finally think again.


 He finally killed one ancient ruin bat, there was still another left.


 Fang Yuan licked his dry lips, his face was pale as paper, but it showed a distorted expression as he charged towards the ancient ruin bat again.


 It was much easier for him this time.


 Facing an ancient ruin bat alone, Fang Yuan felt much less pressure, the thoughts in his mind increased in number, he could think of more things, he could attack the ruin bat after making rational decisions in response.


 But he did not dare to relax.


 If another ancient ruin bat formed, it would be troublesome.


 Even worse was if Domination Immortal Chu Du was allowed to come in, if that happened, Fang Yuan’s situation would be far worse, it might be even more terrifying than dying in the calamity.


 But eventually, the heaven and earth qi calmed, and Fang Yuan succeeded in killing the third ancient ruin bat, no more ruin bats formed, and Chu Du was absent.


 “The calamity has ended. I finally survived this!” Fang Yuan looked down weakly, this place had already turned into an icy field, countless desolate beast snow monsters were staring at him, growling as they showed ruthless expressions.


 “Thankfully, my immortal aperture is big enough, there are no resources in here yet, I will let these snow monsters stay for now. They cannot break the aperture walls.” Fang Yuan flew up to the first layer of the heavens in the sky of his immortal aperture.


 He was severely injured, he needed to recuperate.


 While healing his injuries, he also needed to prepare for battle.


 If Chu Du invaded this place, it would no laughing matter!



***
Chapter 1058 - Blood Asset Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Three days later, inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was extremely huge, its layout was like the five regions and nine heavens.


 After Fang Yuan succeeded in passing the tribulation, he had been staying inside the first layer of the nine heavens to heal.


 At this moment, he was at a crucial moment of healing his injuries.


 Fang Yuan was submerged hundreds of feet under a lake of blood which filled a wide surrounding range.


 He was gravely injured, it was a sad sight. His entire lower body was cut away, only his upper body was in the lake of blood.


 The lake of blood was full of life force, it entered his huge injury continuously.


 After three days, a blood-colored silhouette could be vaguely seen in the form of his legs and lower body.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan opened his eyes.


 His eyes were blood red, the moment he opened them, it was as if lightning shined deeply inside the dark lake of blood.


 “Blood path body refinement, restore my immortal body.” Fang Yuan cried out in his mind, countless thoughts were colliding.


 Tens of thousands of mortal Gu were mobilized with thoughts, they shined with dazzling light.


 These mortal Gu were placed in various parts of the blood lake.


 Once connected, the entire dark lake of blood shined in a bright red light.


 Gradually, the lights from these mortal Gu fused into one.


 A rank six Immortal Gu emerged from Fang Yuan’s body, floating upwards.


 This Gu resembled a round pearl, it was as large as a goose egg, the pearl had countless markings on it that were moving around, like the blooming of a field of lotuses, or the rumbling of clouds.


 Blood path Immortal Gu — Blood Asset!


 This Immortal Gu was not one known to Fang Yuan, this was a Gu innovated by the previous Lang Ya land spirit, he had created this using blood path Gu recipes he bought in treasure yellow heaven.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu’s effect was to protect a portion of the immortal materials or Gu worms during refinement. If the refinement failed, some of these immortal materials or Gu worms could be restored afterwards using blood asset Immortal Gu.


 Ever since he obtained this Immortal Gu, the previous Lang Ya land spirit had saved a huge amount of resources. The previous land spirit treasured this Immortal Gu deeply, he would not exchange it no matter what.


 But after changing personalities, the new Lang Ya land spirit most wanted to promote the rise of hairy men, he did not have much interest in Gu refinement.


 When transacting with Fang Yuan, blood asset Immortal Gu fell into Fang Yuan’s demonic clutches.


 Fang Yuan obtained it and did not outwardly express any emotions, but he was overjoyed internally!


 This Gu could only be used in refinement path in the hands of ordinary Gu Immortals. But Fang Yuan was a blood path grandmaster, not only could he display its full ability, he could also use it in a variety of ways that surpassed its original limits. ( B oxnovel.c om ) 

 Like now.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu caused the entire lake of blood to boil, like a volcano that was ready to erupt with molten magma underneath.


 Gugugu...


 Large numbers of bubbles floated to the surface of the lake.


 Streams of life force gushed into blood asset Immortal Gu like sparrows returning to their nests.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu floated above Fang Yuan’s head, it rapidly rotated, like an inexhaustible black hole, it drew away all of the vitality in the lake of blood.


 Next, after purification, a stream of life force that could be seen with the naked eye, resembling translucent flowing water, poured into Fang Yuan’s body.


 Crack crack.


 Fang Yuan’s bones were cracking, it was a delightful sound. His withered flesh became enriched, inflating like a ball. The injuries on his skin vanished instantly. His long black hair grew out, covered in a layer of gloss.


 Most important was the huge injury on Fang Yuan’s body.


 The translucent blood-colored silhouette of his lower body started to gain physical form under the injection of vitality.


 In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan’s heavy injuries healed, his flesh recovered and he was whole again!


 Whoosh!


 Fang Yuan shot out of the lake of blood like an arrow, appearing in the air.


 His consciousness swept around the area as he nodded in satisfaction: “This body created by sovereign immortal fetus Gu is truly profound and mystical. I have dao marks of every path, yet they don’t interfere with each other. Because of this, I can use healing methods of any path and display their full effect. If not, how could I recover from this terrible injury in only three days?”


 Fang Yuan stretched out his arm, blood asset Immortal Gu shot out of the lake of blood like a meteor, into Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Holding this Immortal Gu in front of him, Fang Yuan took a look of appreciation before placing it on his chest.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu lived on Fang Yuan’s body, at his chest area, turning into a red pearl tattoo.


 This type of storage was not safe. If Fang Yuan’s body was destroyed, blood asset Immortal Gu would also face destruction.


 Immortal Gu were extremely fragile, even toddlers could kill rank nine Immortal Gu.


 It was safest to keep it in the immortal aperture.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was still in the outside world, he could only do this, but as long as he was careful, there would be no issue.


 “In the five hundred years of my previous life, I could not obtain a single blood path Immortal Gu even after a long search, I had no choice but to refine Spring Autumn Cicada. if I had this blood path Immortal Gu back then, I would have already achieved much more in life, even if the ten great ancient sects encircled me, I would be able to fight them confidently.”


 Fang Yuan was not simply bragging.


 In his previous life, he had battle strength at the peak of rank six, he had fought against two ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals and won.


 Even though there were many reasons for the outcomes, like the terrain and other coincidences, defeating a rank seven as a rank six was truly an incredible feat!


 Of course, compared to Bo Qing and Feng Jiu Ge, this was a very ordinary achievement. But the important thing was, Fang Yuan defeated the rank seven Gu Immortals without any Immortal Gu himself. He used blood path mortal Gu and mortal killer moves to defeat such strong foes!


 During that time, Fang Yuan became an immortal using blood path, he not only created his own blood path mortal Gu, he even designed many blood path killer moves, they were either high in power, had mysterious effects, or were very bloodthirsty abilities...


 Fang Yuan’s blood path attainment level was grandmaster, he did not lack anything but a blood path Immortal Gu.


 If he had it, he could quickly modify his mortal killer moves into countless immortal killer moves, his battle strength would surge immensely!


 In his previous life, or even after rebirth, Fang Yuan did not obtain a single blood path Immortal Gu.


 After rebirth, he advanced rapidly, taking huge risks and facing great challenges, because of all sorts of reasons, he did not obtain a single blood path Immortal Gu.


 (Author’s note: Actually, it was the influence of heaven’s will.)


 Until recently, he finally obtained blood asset Immortal Gu from trading with Lang Ya land spirit.


 Actually, Fang Yuan did not want to start his blood path cultivation so early. Any blood path Gu Immortal would be detected by Heavenly Court and be listed on the Demon Judgment Board. Blood path was very harmful, even demonic cultivators did not like them, everyone wanted to exterminate them.


 ( B oxnovel.c om ) When Fang Yuan obtained blood asset Immortal Gu, he thought: The less I use it, the better.


 But situations were unpredictable.


 During the tribulation, he encountered Domination Immortal Chu Du, his life was at stake, he had to use blood asset Immortal Gu to create the immortal killer move to seal the gap in the aperture wall.


 When healing himself, Fang Yuan also used a blood path killer move. Only this healing technique could heal his injuries rapidly, and allow him to defend against the huge threat of Chu Du.


 Fang Yuan did not want to ask for more help from Lang Ya land spirit, the more he exposed, the higher the chances of leaking information. Fang Yuan had reserved some information from Lang Ya land spirit, he concealed the biggest secret of sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan was a blood path grandmaster, with his five hundred years of deep accumulation, it was easy to modify blood path mortal killer moves into immortal killer moves, it was a natural process. It was unlike Hei Lou Lan in the past, who faced so much difficulty in elevating self strength phantom to immortal level.


 In fact, he had created many blood path Immortal Gu recipes in his previous life. But because his refinement path and wisdom path attainment levels were too low, he could not continue on those deductions, they were very incomplete.


 After retrieving blood asset Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan thought to himself: “Three days have passed, Chu Du did not attack, it seems he has no methods to break into the immortal aperture.”


 Three days ago, Fang Yuan paid a huge price of getting heavily injured to seal the aperture wall’s gap, causing Chu Du’s plan to fail.


 If Chu Du had any methods, he would have used them already.


 But three days had passed, even if some methods needed time for preparation, they would not take three days, thus, Fang Yuan surmised that Chu Du had no options.


 This was not strange.


 After an immortal aperture is placed in the Five Regions, as long as the entrance was not open, they would shrink into a tiny spot and be undetectable, outsiders could not break in.


 Back then, when Immortal Crane Sect attacked Hu Immortal blessed land, they had to use Fang Zheng’s bloodline as a connection to use blood path methods in sensing where the blessed land was.


 Chu Du was a strength path Gu Immortal, while methods to pierce into immortal apertures involved space path.


 Fang Yuan guessed correctly, but he did not relax as a result.


 Even though Chu Du could not break into the sovereign immortal aperture, he could stay behind and guard this area.


 This was an expected situation.


 Thinking from his perspective, as the strength path Gu Immortal Chu Du who wanted to obtain Reckless Savage’s true meaning desperately, would he ever give up such a huge opportunity?


 In the past, when facing Liu tribe, a super force, Chu Du did not leave and stayed outside their headquarters, until Liu tribe’s first supreme elder fought with him! Fang Yuan was alone, how could he compare to Liu tribe? Even if he added in Lang Ya blessed land, it could not match Liu tribe. Those hairy man Gu Immortals had negligible battle strength.


 Furthermore, even if Chu Du could not break the aperture walls, he could find others to help.


 “It seems that I am trapped here for now. If I collect my immortal aperture and use Sword Escape, can I escape from Chu Du’s pursuit?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 “Sword escape Immortal Gu might be fast, but it flies in a straight line. I would need to stop if I want to change directions, this is a major flaw. Against ordinary Gu Immortals, it would work, but against Domination Immortal, it is not enough. I need at least an immortal killer move.”


 While thinking, Fang Yuan flew below the first layer of the heavens.


 When he got to the part of the sky where he was undergoing tribulation, the snow monsters sensed Fang Yuan and growled at him, ancient snow monsters even raised their hands, throwing huge snowballs at him.


 After sighing, Fang Yuan had no choice but to leave.


 “The earthly calamity is over, but these snow monsters are still around. I have to ignore them for now, in any case, this immortal aperture has nothing for them to destroy.”


 “I have sword escape Immortal Gu, but my sword path attainment level is too low. There is more hope in blood path methods. Next, I should modify mortal killer moves and create a blood path immortal killer move, using blood asset Immortal Gu as the core, for use in movement!”



***
Chapter 1059 - Dog Shit Splits Luck


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Western Desert, on a certain trail.


 “Kill, kill these bastards, the money is all ours!”


 “Let’s rob them!!”


 “Guards, defend us, if these goods are lost, the clan will not let us off!”


 Sounds of fighting could be heard, around a sandy dune, a group of bandits and caravan members were fighting in an intense battle.


 This bandit group had been committing crimes in the desert for a long time, they were all human Gu Masters, they were fierce and experienced in battle, they were quite strong.


 In the merchant caravan, there were few humans, they were mostly feathermen.


 A portion of this group of featherman Gu Masters were standing on the ground guarding the goods, while some were flying in the sky, fighting the bandits.


 Waves of fiery attacks were unleashed, the temperature was rising, at times, wind blades were shot out, cutting the trail or directly into people, causing bloodshed.


 Western Desert was flourishing with fire path and wind path Gu worms, Gu Masters of these two paths were most common.


 After a moment, the bandits had the upper-hand, they suffered little loss. But the merchant caravan was already heavy with casualties.


 Han Li was lying in a pile of goods, his body was covered in blood, his face was charred.


 He had been hit by a wind blade earlier during the intense battle, there was a deep and long injury on his chest, it was still bleeding. His face was charred because a fire pellet had exploded around him, the hot debris had slammed into his face.


 “Damn it! Am I going to die here today?” The battle scene had Han Li feel despair.


 He had started his cultivation journey after much difficulties, becoming a Gu Master by chance. But he was chased out and could only be a vagrant.


 To survive, he joined this caravan as a member, but to think that such a merchant caravan would still be targeted by bandits.


 “Run!”


 “This merchant caravan is finished, I am not going to die with them.”


 “Smart people will run with me, these feathermen are finished, even if they return alive, they will be executed by the clan.”


 The loss was assured, the merchant caravan members started to escape for themselves.


 They were all human Gu Masters employed to be guards.


 “These fellows!”


 “Ignore them, conserve our primeval essence, even if we die, we will die fighting!”


 The featherman Gu Masters gritted their teeth, saying angrily.


 “How can this be?” Han Li was dazed, he was very young and inexperienced, he could not react to the fact that these human Gu Masters were escaping.


 “Why are you not running?” A featherman Gu Master walked over and saw Han Li.


 Han Li gasped, he did not know what to do, he knew who this featherman Gu Master was, he was the leader of the caravan.


 “Even though your cultivation level is low, in some ways, you are far superior to those escaping humans!” The featherman leader sighed, before patting Han Li’s shoulder.


 His hand flashed with light, he patted Han Li’s shoulder three times, his injuries healed at once!


 “Amazing! This is the might of a rank four Gu Master?” Han Li was shocked, he wanted to express his gratitude, but the featherman leader had already charged into the battlefield.


 The front lines were in a critical state already, the featherman leader had to join the fight.


 Once the rank four Gu Master attacked, the bandits suffered huge losses, many fell off their horses.


 Among the bandit group, there were rank four experts too, but they were sitting at the back, watching coldly with icy smiles on their faces.


 The featherman leader quickly controlled the battlefield, he killed many enemies, Han Li watched with much enthusiasm, while the other feathermen praised loudly.


 But the featherman leader’s state of mind was turning grim.


 He knew that the enemy was ruthless, they were using cannon fodder to waste his primeval essence. When the true bandit experts appear, he would have less primeval essence, he would be at a disadvantage.


 Whoosh—!


 At this time, wind could be heard from afar.


 The wind was huge and grand, like the howling of a desolate beast.


 Everyone looked over, as someone shouted: “Oh no! It is a golden thread tornado!”


 The tornadoes in Western Desert were split into golden thread, silver thread, bronze thread, and so on, in decreasing order of strength. Golden thread tornadoes were the strongest, even a rank four Gu Master would perish if they got trapped in them.


 The feathermen panicked, the bandits also panicked, like gunpowder that had been ignited, they shouted loudly as they charged towards the caravan.


 They wanted to take down the merchant caravan before the golden thread tornado appeared, to take the precious goods and leave.


 “Hold on!” The featherman leader shouted.


 Even though the tornado was dangerous, and featherman Gu Masters would still likely die in it, they were able to naturally fly, they would be in a much better situation than the humans.


 This intense battle reached the climax.


 Every moment, people lost their lives.


 Han Li was hiding in between the goods as he defended them.


 He had low cultivation level, he was not a significant target, the bandits did not think of him as a threat.


 Han Li was indeed not a threat, when his primeval essence was expended, he was no different from a powerless mortal.


 Few of the fire pellets and wind blades hit Han Li, because he was near the goods, and both parties did not want to ruin the goods.


 The tornado moved quickly, it was still far away earlier, but now, it was already close to the battlefield.


 Winds howled, sand flew in the air, when hitting against Han Li’s body, he felt numb and pain.


 “Retreat!” Even though he was unwilling, the astute bandit leader called out, choosing to retreat.


 The bandits moved like the wind, even though they were injured and had blood red eyes, they left quickly.


 “Quickly! Move these goods away.” The featherman leader had severe injuries, but he still placed his focus on the goods first.


 The feathermen quickly saved the goods, nobody cared about Han Li.


 The tornado assaulted, Han Li could not save himself, he was sucked into it. Many feathermen and large amounts of goods followed after him.


 Han Li was swept into the tornado, his vision was spinning, he could not tell which direction he was facing. He was like a flower, flying along with the raging winds, he was in danger of dying.


 Bam, he did not know whether he had hit a rock or some goods, but he fainted at once.


 After a long time, he slowly woke up.


 “Young man, you are finally awake.” An old man was sitting beside him, speaking faintly.


 “You, who are you?” Han Li was still in a daze, he looked around and realized that he was lying on sand, there were rocks, corpses, and goods scattered around him.


 “The tornado stopped? I survived?!” Han Li was stunned before bursting out in joy.


 “If I did not save you, how could you survive?” The old man smiled.


 “Thank you, senior, for saving my life!” Han Li quickly paid respects, sincerely expressing his gratitude.


 The old man nodded in appreciation: “Back in the day, before becoming an immortal, I was just like you. Today, the tornado that you got swept into was caused by me. I lost my bet with Tian Jin after all... Before dying, I will impart the true inheritance of my entire life to you.”


 Central Continent.


 Inside Broken Sword Valley.


 “Where is sword qi Gu?”


 “Chase!”


 “This sword qi Gu is mine, don’t think of snatching it away!”


 A group of Gu Masters were shouting, they formed into a stream of people as they charged into the valley.


 “Lad, don’t block us!”


 “Anyone who gets in our way will die!!”


 Hong Yi was outside of Broken Sword Valley when he saw a group of frenzied Gu Masters charging towards him. Among them were rank three and four experts.


 Hong Yi’s expression paled, he quickly escaped as he moved out of their way.


 A group of Gu Masters whipped a dust storm, running past Hong Yi’s body rapidly.


 “What, what is going on?” Hong Yi muttered, his heart was still pounding.


 Listening to a conversation among some people passing by explained the situation to him.


 “I heard there is a rank four sword qi Gu.”


 “No wonder so many people are going after it.”


 “Let’s go quickly, we might be able to encounter a rank four sword qi Gu.”


 “Wishful thinking. How long as it been since this Broken Sword Valley was created? There might be only one rank four sword qi Gu. Don’t even think about it.”


 “Sword qi Gu... rank four?!” Hong Yi’s heart shook, a look of envy appeared on his face.


 He quickly ran into the valley.


 He had explored this valley before, but earlier, it was not like this.


 As it turned out, before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when immortal zombie Bo Qing awakened, he had shot out countless sword lights from under Falling Heavenly River.


 One sword light landed here, cutting this mountain into two, creating the shape of this valley.


 This was the origin of Broken Sword Valley.


 Initially, people did not pay attention to it, but soon, Central Continent Gu Masters realized that this valley was producing wild sword path Gu worms.


 As it turned out, the sword light was not ordinary, every sword light contained sword path dao marks, after the sword light landed here, sword path dao marks were carved into the valley. A special location was created, and many wild sword path Gu worms were slowly produced here.


 This fact could not be concealed, more and more Gu Masters came here to find treasures.


 Earlier, a rank four sword qi Gu was found by someone, creating a huge commotion for everyone.


 “Rank four wild Gu worms are extremely rare, even if I encounter one, I would not be able to catch it, it is too dangerous.” Hong Yi thought as he carefully explored this valley.


 He moved away from the crowd, in an ordinary looking location, he saw something shocking.


 It was a common caterpillar molting.


 But the thing was, the caterpillar’s skin was shining.


 Hong Yi was stunned before recognizing this scene, he was overjoyed: “Such luck! I actually came during the moment when the insect becomes a Gu. This aura it is emitting is... so strong! Is it rank four or rank five?”


 Hong Yi could not wait for the caterpillar to finish molting, he quickly grabbed it in his hands.


 He immediately moved away to a safer location, activating his primeval essence and refining it.


 A moment later, he succeeded in refining it, he obtained a very strange rank five sword path Gu worm. It was black and palm-sized, it looked like a miniature sword sheath of iron.


 Rank five sword sheath Gu!


 “What’s the use of this Gu? Even though I obtained a rank five Gu, my primeval essence can’t activate it.” Hong Yi sighed to himself, when suddenly, he saw a sword path Gu worm coming out of a bush near him, it flew slowly towards him and entered the sword sheath Gu in his hand.


 Hong Yi was shocked, at once he was speechless.


 Southern Border, on a nameless small mountain.


 It was night time, a huge rainstorm was pouring down.


 “Shang Xin Ci, your life ends here today.” A muscular man walked towards the peak with his arms behind his back.


 There were three Gu Masters defending themselves.


 One male, two females.


 One female Gu Master was heavily injured, she was Shang Xin Ci’s servant, Xiao Lan.


 The other female Gu Master had long, silky black hair flowing like a waterfall, her skin was white like snow, she was extremely beautiful, it was Shang Xin Ci.


 Seeing the person approaching, Shang Xin Ci smiled bitterly: “Shang Bi Xi, to think that it was really you, why do you need to fight to the death with me?”


 Shang Bi Xi laughed loudly: “Father died, elder brother died, Chao Feng also died. As long as I kill you, eighth brother will ascend to the position of Shang clan leader. Thus, you must die today!”


 Shang Xin Ci heard these words and her body shook, she almost fell to the ground, as if an invisible force had pushed her.


 She said in a mournful tone: “For the position of clan leader, Shang Pu Lao is truly so cold-hearted and cruel?”


 Shang Bi Xi smiled coldly: “Yes, you saved eighth brother’s life before, but so what? You want him to repay you with kindness and hand over the position of clan leader? Hmph, Shang clan leader has authority over the entire city! You have undue benevolence, how can you compete with eighth brother!”


 Shang Xin Ci shook her head: “When I saved him, I did not think of fighting for the position of clan leader.”


 “Exactly, that is why you are in this state right now. Hahaha!” Shang Bi Xi continued.


 “Lady Xin Ci, what’s the need to talk to this scumbag!” Ye Fan was frowning, his tone expressed his utter hatred and disgust towards Shang Bi Xi.


 “Young master Ye, you should leave. He only wants my life, I will give it to him. You are not involved in this, don’t interfere, quickly leave!” Shang Xin Ci pushed Ye Fan’s back, urging him to leave.


 “I will not go!” Ye Fan shouted: “Lady Xin Ci, you were the one who saved me, a droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring, how can I abandon you?”


 “Hmph, how touching. But you won’t be able to leave even if you want to. Today, all three of you will die. Shang Xin Ci, you are still so naive! If I do not kill all of you, wouldn’t the survivors tarnish eighth brother’s reputation in the future?” Shang Bi Xi said as he got closer.


 Ye Fan gritted his teeth, even though he was heavily injured and could not stand straight, he stood in front of Shang Xin Ci.


 “Hmm, a brave man.” Shang Bi Xi commented, before pushing as Ye Fan fell to the ground.


 “If you were in your peak condition, I would have to be wary of you. But your primeval essence has been used up, you are no threat. Hahaha.” Shang Bi Xi laughed as he approached Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci shut her eyes, giving up any futile resistance.


 Before dying, in the depths of her heart, the figure of a man appeared.


 One thought emerged in her mind — If I could see him one last time before dying, how good would that be.


 But even after waiting for a while, she did not feel Shang Bi Xi’s attack.


 Shang Xin Ci opened her eyes in confusion, she only saw that Shang Bi Xi was some steps in front of her, not moving at all.


 He was stiff as a statue, an expression of fear was frozen on his face.


 “Hmph, for simply some authority and wealth, you disregarded kinship, you are truly a disgrace to Shang clan!” A female immortal appeared.


 “You are?” Shang Xin Ci was shocked.


 The female immortal looked at Shang Xin Ci with approval, saying warmly: “Don’t be afraid, I am an ancestor of Shang clan, Shang Qing Qing. I have decided, from now onwards, you will assume the role of Shang clan leader.”



***
Chapter 1060 - Pot River, Luck Inspection


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Pot river resembled a long jade belt, it was situated in the eastern area of Central Continent.


 The water in pot river was smooth flowing, like a beautiful song, it was graceful and harmonious.


 Ying Wu Xie stood on the bank of pot river as he waited for Feng Chan Zi.


 Meanwhile, Hei Lou Lan, Shi Nu, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were hiding nearby, protecting Ying Wu Xie’s safety.


 The river water flowed slowly, two dragonflies were flying above the river, landing on the pot grass nearby at times.


 There was a lot of pot grass growing in pot river.


 This type of grass was deeply rooted in the soil below the river, drawing in nutrients. They were long and thin, the tip of the grass emerged above the river surface.


 The tip of one of the stalks of pot grass had a brown fruit.


 This fruit was still fist-sized, it was not mature now. The fruit was empty inside, and was not tightly closed, the tip was opened widely.


 At this moment, a dragonfly followed the smell of the fruit and entered the fruit rashly.


 It struggled for a moment, but it was captivated by the intense aroma, it did not fly out again.


 Ying Wu Xie watched silently.


 He knew: In a few months, more fruits would grow, the fruits would get larger, they would attract more insects, and even fish and prawns. As they grow, the fruit would close up eventually, and when they fully mature, the tips of the pot grass would look like brown pots, tightly sealed.


 And next, pot river’s annual flood season would come.


 During the flood season, pot river would no longer be calm, water would move rapidly, sweeping all of the pot grass away. All these brown fruits would travel in the river, leaving their origins and floating away.


 On the two sides of the river, Gu Masters would start to haul up all of these fruits.


 After smashing them, they could obtain the fish and insects inside, as well as some seeds of the pot grass. There was also a chance of getting Gu worms from them.


 These Gu worms were sleeping in the pot grass, they could be easily refined.


 A super force of the ten great ancient sects, Wind Cloud Manor, was in charge in pot river, during this time every year, they would hold a festival around pot river. Countless Gu Masters would be drawn here, of all ages and genders, not just Wind Cloud Manor’s disciples, but even all the surrounding forces would join in the festive season.


 As Ying Wu Xie looked at the pot grass in the river, his gaze began drifting elsewhere.


 In order to get the light of the immemorial era, he had already stayed in pot river for some time.


 On the surface, he was calm and peaceful, but a lot of frustration was building up inside him, and this feeling was getting stronger as time continued to pass.


 “I have Spring Autumn Cicada, but it is sealed now and is unusable. Before I refine it again, I will be watched by heaven’s will. Not only can heaven’s will influence my emotions stealthily, it can even plot and influence others to attack me. I cannot give heaven’s will any time to prepare, I cannot stay at the same spot for a long time. If Feng Chan Zi does not show up again, I have to give up on this.”


 Ying Wu Xie made up his mind.


 At this time, a green figure flew rapidly along the surface of pot river, towards Ying Wu Xie.


 “It is that rank six level grass puppet avatar!”


 “Be alert, stay wary of any unexpected surprises.”


 Shadow Sect’s immortals transmitted, focusing their minds.


 The grass puppet avatar saw Ying Wu Xie and said arrogantly: “The light of the immemorial era is with me, but master said that the earlier price will not do, you have to pay an extra thirty percent on that basis!”


 “What? Another thirty percent?”


 “This is extortion, this Feng Chan Zi really dares to raise it.”


 “The price was already very high, with another thirty percent, it is exorbitant!”


 Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng discussed.


 Ying Wu Xie was also furious, but there was no choice, he needed the light of the immemorial era. To refine Fixed Immortal Travel, the light of the immemorial era was needed, there were no alternatives.


 After staying silent for a while, Ying Wu Xie nodded: “I’ll agree to it.”


 The grass puppet avatar snorted: “Then let’s trade.”


 Ying Wu Xie was already prepared amply, both sides transacted quickly.


 The grass puppet avatar counted the amount before showing a satisfied expression.


 Ying Wu Xie suffered a huge loss, he paid a great price but he had finally obtained the light of the immemorial era, he was overall still pleased with it.


 He smiled at the grass puppet avatar: “It has been a pleasant transaction, we should trade again some other time.”


 The grass puppet avatar said, “Hmph, again? That depends on my master’s mood. Actually, earlier, master did not want to trade, but he had lost a bet to Lang Zi Qiu some time ago, he wants to recoup his losses, so I came. You must remember this, my master definitely did not give the light of the immemorial era to you!” ( B oxnovel.c om )


 “I understand, I understand. Actually, your manor has a huge inventory, it is truly a sea of treasure. Just a bit of the light of the immemorial era, what could it affect? Nobody would notice for sure.” Ying Wu Xie said politely.


 “Enough, this matter is over, quickly leave now, we cannot stay here for long.” The grass puppet avatar said before leaving.


 Even without its reminder, Ying Wu Xie was already ready to leave!


 Concealing their traces, after flying for a hundred thousand li, Shadow Sect’s group landed in a nameless forest, resting and recovering.


 “Just now, even though we obtained the light of the immemorial era, Feng Chan Zi’s price was too high, we paid too much. To refine Fixed Immortal Travel, we still need other supplementary immortal materials.” Shi Nu said.


 “Thankfully, the light of the immemorial era is already obtained, the following matters are easier to solve. We can make use of Defy.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng suggested.


 “The important thing is, how many refinements can you do with this portion of the light of the immemorial era?” Hei Lou Lan got to the point immediately.


 When Gu Immortals refine Immortal Gu, just one batch of immortal materials was not enough.


 Disregarding the hairy man heaven and earth style, and just looking at the human isolation style, the chances of refining a rank six Immortal Gu were often less than one percent.


 Theoretically, Ying Wu Xie and others should have prepared a hundred portions of materials.


 But after experimentation, reality was even more cruel.


 Because the success rate was not just dependent on the amount of immortal materials. Many times, even with more than a hundred portions of immortal materials, one can still fail the refinement.


 “This portion of light of the immemorial era can last for nine refinement attempts.” Ying Wu Xie said as he paused.


 He secretly activated an Immortal Gu in his body.


 Rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu!


 This Immortal Gu originally belonged to Qin Bai Sheng, coincidentally, because he needed it, Shi Nu obtained it and used it temporarily.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect failed, and this luck inspection Immortal Gu was transferred to Ying Wu Xie.


 This was an investigative Gu worm that could inspect the luck of people.


 Ying Wu Xie’s eyes shone as he looked above him.


 His vision was very different now.


 A luck pillar, resembling an illusion, appeared in Ying Wu Xie’s eyes.


 Ying Wu Xie was taken aback: “Eh? Why did my luck improve so much out of nowhere?”


 He had already inspected his own luck long ago, it was very bad. And because of Spring Autumn Cicada’s drawback, his luck was continuing to decrease.


 But now, it was much better than his initial assessment!


 “Don’t tell me...” A thought flashed in Ying Wu Xie’s mind.


 He thought of Fang Yuan.


 He also thought of the self luck true inheritance in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands.


 “Earlier, Shadow Sect invaded Lang Ya land spirit and took a portion of Refinement Cauldron, we even destroyed dog shit luck Immortal Gu accidentally. Lang Ya land spirit was preparing to refine it once again, and it just so happens that he succeeded recently. Perhaps he has already lent Dog Shit Luck to Fang Yuan.”


 Ying Wu Xie felt that this was the most likely possibility.


 A few days ago, he was informed that Fang Yuan had passed his tribulation.


 Because Shadow Sect still had one hairy man Gu Immortal traitor left inside Lang Ya blessed land.


 “That must be it!”


 “Originally, Fang Yuan connected his luck to several people, splitting it equally. After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, my body is Fang Yuan’s, while he still has his soul, both involve the connected luck.”


 “When he uses dog shit luck Immortal Gu to improve his own luck, it will flow down like water, going towards Ye Fan, Han Li, Hong Yi, and Hei Lou Lan. And these four people have luck connected to my body, thus, I also benefited from it.”


 “No wonder I waited so long earlier with no results and slim hopes. But now, Feng Chan Zi suddenly lost a bet to Lang Zi Qiu and needs capital, thus he transacted with me and I obtained the light of the immemorial era!”


 After thinking about it, Ying Wu Xie found out about Fang Yuan’s immense value! ( B oxnovel.c om )


 “His immortal aperture has to undergo tribulation every two months, he must have used Dog Shit Luck to increase his luck and decrease the might of the earthly calamity. This way, I can benefit from it! I do not need to go to Northern Plains and find Longevity Heaven to borrow luck!”


 “Even though he knows that this would strengthen his enemies, he has no choice. Because the calamities and tribulations of the sovereign immortal aperture far exceed logic, he has to do everything he can to survive every crisis! However... he chose to undergo tribulation in the northern icy plain, it was truly a wise move. Heaven’s will is targeting him, trying to get rid of him, it would definitely strengthen the earthly calamity. But undergoing tribulation in the northern icy plain, Reckless Savage’s true meaning replaced a portion of heaven’s will, it greatly reduced the danger. Hmph, I hope you can survive this, I will reclaim your body one day!”


 After staying in the nameless forest for a while, Ying Wu Xie and the others moved off on their journey again.


 Ying Wu Xie was moving quickly.


 He was pressed for time.


 Not only because his main body’s remnant soul was stuck in the dream realm, facing great danger all the time, he had to make use of this good luck to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, because the chances of success would be much higher!


 Northern Plains, northern icy plain.


 “Master, how long must we stay here?” The newly advanced strength path rank six Gu Immortal asked meekly.


 Chu Du stood on the icy plain, he looked at the handprint that he had created on the ground, sighing.


 He did not answer his disciple, he fell into deep regret.


 “I was too rash earlier, why did I attack him without thinking?”


 “Since he knows the method to draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning, it will not be easy for me to get this method, regardless of whether it is an immortal killer move or an Immortal Gu House!”


 “Even if I kill him, I need to prevent his soul from self-detonating, otherwise, it will all be for nothing, I would lose this immense opportunity to gain strength!”


 “I needed to act more carefully, at least, I should have been polite before resorting to brute force!”


 “Right now, the other party has fixed the gap and is hiding in the immortal aperture, that place is easy to defend but hard to attack, I have no methods to break in.”


 “It is not too late to salvage the situation. Maybe I can talk to him? Right, I still have his sword path Immortal Gu with me, this is a negotiation chip!”



***
Chapter 1061 - Blood Torrent


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains.


 Inside the first layer of the heavens in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes slowly, his pupils flashed.


 “I’ve spent so many days on deductions, but I’ll use its original name, it will continue to be called blood torrent.” Thinking of this, at Fang Yuan’s will, the Gu worms around him moved, scattering around him.


 Hundreds of mortal Gu flew around him, forming a huge circle.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu was residing in his chest, its red insignia started to glow as it emitted burning heat.


 Suddenly, a dazzling blood-red light shot out of Fang Yuan’s chest.


 The blood-red light rushed into the sky, turning into a huge stream of blood.


 The stream of blood carried Fang Yuan and charged out.


 After flying into the sky, with a swoosh, a long red line was drawn.


 A river of blood-red light was flowing in the first layer of the heavens.


 Everywhere it went, an intense stench of blood that would make people nauseous could be smelled.


 In the river of blood-red light, Fang Yuan’s entire body was covered, completely concealed. This was good, he could hide himself, even if enemies wanted to attack, they would not know which part of the river to attack.


 After flying for a while, Fang Yuan stopped moving.


 The river of blood-red light vanished, Fang Yuan’s figure appeared all alone.


 “The speed of this river can be even faster, I just need to add in some more mortal Gu.” Fang Yuan thought about his experience and concluded.


 “But no matter how many mortal Gu I add, the linear speed cannot match sword escape Immortal Gu.”


 Sword escape Immortal Gu was a rank seven Immortal Gu, this immortal killer move, blood torrent, used only one rank six Immortal Gu, and that was the rank six blood asset Immortal Gu, it was natural that the speed was inferior to Sword Escape.


 Unless Fang Yuan could raise blood asset Immortal Gu to rank seven, the straight line speed of blood torrent could not surpass Sword Escape.


 But this way, as a rank six Gu Immortal, for Fang Yuan to use the rank seven Immortal Gu, he would face the same awkward situation again, it was not worth it.


 “My linear traveling speed is inferior to using Sword Escape, this was expected, it is not a problem! I deduced this immortal killer move while thinking about traveling while changing direction, to make up for the flaw of sword escape Immortal Gu. I can use blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu alternately, this way, I can barely deal with Chu Du.” Fang Yuan considered it clearly.


 Blood torrent was a blood path killer move, while sword escape Immortal Gu was sword path, the two were unrelated, if any other Gu Immortal used both of them, they would lose out on both ends.


 But Fang Yuan was an exception!


 His body was special, it was formed from sovereign immortal fetus Gu. His dao marks were of all paths, yet they did not interfere with one another.


 Fang Yuan could use blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu alternately, without causing them to lose their original strength.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu allowed one to fly in a linear direction, even though it was fast, they could only move in one direction, it was too simple, it could be countered easily.


 If the user stopped to change directions, the weakness exposed in that instance would be fully used by Domination Immortal.


 But if he used Sword Escape and blood torrent alternately, he would make up for their weaknesses, he would be able to face Domination Immortal.


 Chu Du was a strength path Gu Immortal, strength path was a path that focused on offense and recovery, it had the longest sustainability in battle, but it usually lacked in speed.


 Of course, this was only Fang Yuan’s estimation.


 As for whether it would be effective, he needed to test it.


 After all, the last time Domination Immortal Chu Du fought openly was a hundred years ago.


 After his battle with Liu tribe’s first supreme elder, he had concealed his traces and cultivated in seclusion.


 Fang Yuan not only deduced his blood path killer move these last days, he even collected information on Chu Du using all kinds of methods.


 But most of the information was from a hundred years ago.


 At this point, Fang Yuan started to miss Fairy Li Shan. Hei Lou Lan’s younger aunt had mountain pledge Gu, she had a huge network and was in contact with many people in the demonic and righteous paths, and even lone immortals. If she was still around, he would be able to collect more information regarding Chu Du.


 “Lang Ya Sect might be huge, but it had been in seclusion for so many years before wanting to make contact with the world again recently. In terms of information, it cannot match Fairy Li Shan. Information path, this is one of my weaknesses, I need to fix it.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts were wandering.


 He thought of the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 Ah, that was a huge trap!


 Fang Yuan thought about it and his heart was still pounding.


 He could survive because two giants were fighting, and he as an ant had profited from their conflict. He barely survived, a huge portion was attributed to luck.


 Come to think of it, it was because his information path attainment was too low, he had insufficient intel! If he knew about the hidden details of Yi Tian Mountain, he would have changed his plans.


 “However, even if I had Fairy Li Shan’s information path methods, I would not have been able to get any information. Yi Tian Mountain was simply too big of a plot, in the five hundred years of my previous life, there was no such huge commotion!”


 Fang Yuan put aside all of his irrelevant thoughts.


 He had to say, after reviving, his thinking speed was extremely fast. It was completely unlike the immortal zombie body.


 And with his wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, with the help of many wisdom path methods, he was even more perceptive than in the five hundred years of his previous life, he could think more nimbly.


 In this aspect, he had completely surpassed himself!


 Even though he deduced blood torrent, he needed to practise it, and continue to modify it as he used it.


 After creating an immortal killer move, it could not be left untouched. The Gu Immortal needed to modify and improve it, or even revamp it if needed.


 Back in the day, Dong Fang Chang Fan created myriad star fireflies, he had improved upon it multiple times. Even so, he was not personally satisfied with it.


 Some immortal killer moves were improved upon by the creator for their entire lives, even their inheritors participated in this process.


 For example, peerless crescent moon slash was a signature immortal killer move of Heaven’s Envy Manor, generations of Gu Immortals had improved on it countless times. Precisely so, this move could become famous in Central Continent, and its might was not to be underestimated.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move was only created hastily, it was far from the level of moves like peerless crescent moon slash.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan practiced on using blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Non-stop usage increased his experience, he gained a lot of insight towards the use of blood torrent and Sword Escape.


 While practicing, he continued to modify the move, eventually, he stopped adding in mortal Gu to blood torrent, instead, he started taking out certain Gu worms.


 “I need blood torrent to work with Sword Escape, because I need it for changing directions. After Sword Escape stops, I need to succeed in activating blood torrent in an instant. This is a short window of time, thus, many mortal Gu makes it troublesome. Not only would it be a waste of time, increasing the difficulty of activation, the gains are also minute with just a small increase in speed.”


 “This is almost ready, I should try to gather my immortal aperture and escape. Let’s see if I can escape from Chu Du.”


 Even though Fang Yuan could continue to create more blood path killer moves, there was no need to.


 After getting blood asset Immortal Gu, he had used this Immortal Gu as the core, along with the accumulated mortal killer moves in the five hundred years of his previous life, to create three blood path killer moves: life staking blood print, blood healing lake, and blood torrent.


 At this level, it was enough already.


 After all, he only had blood asset Immortal Gu, if he used one blood path killer move, the others could not be used at the same time.


 As for the other aspects, Fang Yuan could use other Immortal Gu instead.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had lost almost all of his accumulated Gu worms, his current Gu worms were of many paths, they were a mess and were not organized to systematically cover all aspects. But he had no choice but to use them now.


 “But if I were given another chance, I would still choose to take sovereign immortal fetus Gu!” Fang Yuan had no doubts about this.


 Even though Fang Yuan was inside the sovereign immortal aperture, it was easily guarded and hard to attack, but he had to be wary of Chu Du seeking help from others, or setting up an immortal battlefield killer move on the icy plain.


 In any case, the longer he stayed, the worse it would be.


 After making up his mind, Fang Yuan had no more hesitations.


 At his will, the entire immortal aperture started shaking.


 The tremors were increasing in magnitude, after a while, the immortal aperture world started to shrink.


 It was shrinking at an incredible speed! After an instant, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and he was already in the outside world, the northern icy plain.


 There was no snow or wind.


 Pale white sunlight shone on this flat icy plain.


 It was still very cold.


 Fang Yuan focused his mind, he looked around with a divine light in his eyes, quickly seeing Chu Du.


 Domination Immortal Chu Du!


 As Fang Yuan had expected, he had stayed here and did not leave.


 But the unexpected thing was Chu Du’s attitude.


 “Wait, please wait!” Chu Du did not attack, he smiled warmly as he spoke to Fang Yuan in a gentle tone, there was no killing intent in him.


 Fang Yuan snorted: “Are you being polite after resorting to brute force?”


 “I am ashamed, truly ashamed.” Chu Du admitted his mistake, he apologized: “I was too rash earlier. But after seeing your tribulation, it truly had too big of an impact on my future cultivation journey! Thus, I lost my reasoning for a moment and attacked. Now that I think about it, it was truly shameful.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Chu Du vigilantly, he used many methods to probe the surrounding area.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was silent, Chu Du initiated: “Friend, I do not want to be enemies with you, I just want the method to draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning. I hope we can make a deal.”


 “Deal?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, he said with a tone of consideration: “It is not impossible, as long as you can interest me with your offer.”


 Joy flashed on Chu Du’s face.


 But next, Fang Yuan said: “But before the transaction, we have to settle the score for your attack on me which interfered with my tribulation!”


 “I will definitely satisfy you with the compensation!” Chu Du said immediately, he had an earnest attitude.


 Even Fang Yuan was shocked — Was this still the Domination Immortal?


 But thinking about it, Fang Yuan’s alertness towards Chu Du rose.


 This person could put down his pride, he was an incredible person! Anyone who looked down on him was a terrible fool.


 “If you want to compensate me, return my flying sword Immortal Gu to show your sincerity.” Fang Yuan continued to speak.



***
Chapter 1062 - Chu Du’s Weakness


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hearing that Fang Yuan wanted to take back flying sword Immortal Gu, Chu Du smiled, he replied: “As long as we complete the transaction, not only will I return flying sword Immortal Gu, I will even give you satisfactory compensation.”


 What a joke, of course he had to keep this flying sword Immortal Gu for now, it was the best bargaining chip to restrain Fang Yuan.


 How could Chu Du return it now?


 Chu Du was warm and polite now, but he was deeply aware internally of this.


 Fang Yuan laughed, but there was no disappointment on his face.


 When he asked this question, he had already known the answer, his expression turned cold: “Chu Du, you have no sincerity! We can forget about this matter.”


 Saying so, he activated sword escape Immortal Gu and flew out like a sword, he pierced the air and instantly appeared far away.


 “Friend, please wait.” Chu Du’s expression changed, he quickly chased.


 Fang Yuan moved straight ahead, pointing towards the sky, after flying for a while, Chu Du’s figure appeared several li behind him.


 “Immortal killer move...”


 Fang Yuan looked back and felt that the Gu worm aura on Chu Du was very complex.


 It was a strength path movement killer move, and was at rank seven, it was even faster than sword escape Immortal Gu’s linear movement!


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank, this situation was bad for him.


 In fact, he had placed most of his hope on sword escape Immortal Gu. After all, it was very fast, even ancient cloud beasts could not catch up.


 ( B oxnovel.c om ) To think that Domination Immortal Chu Du also had an immortal killer move that could allow him to fly faster than sword escape Immortal Gu!


 “I’m afraid that Chu Du has nurtured more Gu Masters for their immortal ascension than just this one. In the last hundred years, he must have secretly obtained a lot of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, his strength path attainment level is unmeasurably deep, this is how he created such strength path killer moves.”


 “Since sword escape Immortal Gu will not work, let’s try blood torrent.”


 Fang Yuan willed and stopped Sword Escape, his body still flew ahead due to inertia, but it became slower.


 Next, blood-red light flashed on his body as it surrounded him entirely, turning into a river of blood.


 The river of blood tore through the sky, moving like a slithering red snake, the smell of blood permeated the air.


 Immortal killer move — Blood Torrent, activated successfully!


 Fang Yuan turned around and flew towards his left side.


 The consecutive use of both moves was very smooth, even Fang Yuan was satisfied: “I reduced the number of mortal Gu, it was the correct move! This way, the chances of blood torrent failing are lower, and I can use it faster. This is all thanks to the practice I did back in the immortal aperture.”


 These thoughts only flashed for an instant, his attention was mainly placed on Domination Immortal Chu Du.


 Fang Yuan had changed his direction, the most important thing was Chu Du’s reaction to it.


 “If Chu Du can catch up to me, I will have to stop and debate with him, to discuss the matter of transaction.”


 Fang Yuan was planning for the worst case scenario, but Domination Immortal Chu Du charged forward with an incredible force, flying right past him!


 Fang Yuan’s expression froze.


 His vision turned to follow Chu Du, he saw the other party move like a bullet train, Chu Du moved forward with great speed, he had such great strength that shock waves could be felt along his path.


 After flying for more than ten li, Chu Du’s speed slowed down until he stopped moving.


 Next, he turned around and gradually gained speed, charging at Fang Yuan.


 His speed became faster and faster, soon, he reached a speed that surpassed sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Brilliance flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he immediately used blood torrent and changed his direction.


 Thus, the same situation happened again.


 Domination Immortal Chu Du flashily, or rather, brutishly, flew past him.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 ( B oxnovel.c om ) He was worried about sword escape Immortal Gu because it could only fly in a straight line, thus he created blood torrent to make up for that weakness.


 To think that this shortcoming was even more serious for Domination Immortal Chu Du!


 The situation changed suddenly, Fang Yuan’s thoughts churned fiercely, he decided to stop moving.


 It was very easy for him to escape now and shrug off Chu Du, as long as he was vigilant, he would not fail.


 “Interesting.” Fang Yuan muttered, deciding to negotiate with Chu Du.


 Chu Du saw that Fang Yuan stopped flying and felt great joy, he also stopped moving.


 “So close, so close. It seems that the flying sword Immortal Gu in my hands is very useful. The other party is making considerations for it!”


 Fang Yuan waited for Chu Du to fly to him, after a certain distance, he raised his hand: “Stop, let’s talk with this distance between us.”


 Fang Yuan was vigilant, even though he had the advantage of movement, it was still better to maintain a certain distance.


 Chu Du immediately stopped, he smiled, looking slightly pathetic compared to before.


 Fang Yuan said: “Brother Chu is really incredible, this was really eye-opening! What killer move is this, it is so amazing, even my sword escape Immortal Gu cannot compare to it.”


 “This killer move is called body strength travel, I created it after much effort, it can increase my speed using my immortal body’s strength path dao marks. But there is one weakness, I can only travel forward, and cannot change directions while flying, I cannot even move backwards. I have not practiced with it enough, I used it today out while panicking, it was truly shameful.” Chu Du said, he candidly conceded his weakness, giving an open-minded disposition that could make people look up to him.


 Fang Yuan nodded, showing a serious expression: “Brother Chu is extremely powerful, during normal combat, in Northern Plains, who can make you use this move to retreat?”


 “I will thank your praise! Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world is extremely deep, I only have a bit of reputation, but the more I cultivate, the more I realize my insufficiency. There are definitely more than five rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains. Among rank sevens, you are one of those experts who can make me feel wary. I am ashamed, I do not even know about your name or background.” Chu Du smiled with a bitter expression.


 His words were not just out of politeness, they were his true thoughts.


 Fang Yuan did not know much about Domination Immortal Chu Du, but Chu Du knew even less about Fang Yuan.


 After Fang Yuan used sword escape Immortal Gu, his speed shocked Chu Du! After all, in terms of linear speed, sword escape Immortal Gu could compare with the similarly ranked qi escape Gu.


 Chu Du was an experienced rank seven Gu Immortal, he had many movement methods. But compared to sword escape Immortal Gu, most of them were inferior. Only this final immortal killer move, body strength travel, could work.


 Fang Yuan’s guess was right, this immortal killer move, body strength travel, was created by Chu Du for retreating.


 But in Northern Plains, very few people could force Chu Du to retreat.


 And because Chu Du had been keeping a low profile these last years to raise these Gu Masters for their immortal ascension, he did not fight much.


 It was not that he did not practice this immortal killer move enough, but it simply had too many Gu worms, it was hard to use.


 The first time Chu Du saw Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan was undergoing tribulation in the immortal aperture. Chu Du made a move, but Fang Yuan was even faster than him, with more resolution!


 While Fang Yuan was searching for Chu Du’s information, Chu Du was not slacking, he was also trying to find Fang Yuan’s information.


 But he had no gains.


 In his perspective, Fang Yuan was someone who seemed to have jumped out of a rock. Since when did such a person exist in Northern Plains?!


 Not mentioning anything else, just his aura was very strange. When Chu Du first saw him in the immortal aperture, he was rank six. But now, he had rank seven aura.


 However, he was a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, that much should not be wrong.


 But did he cultivate blood path or sword path?


 This was a question that Chu Du was very curious about.


 These two paths were not related at all! If it were soul path and enslavement path, or rule path and restriction path, or wisdom path and emotion path, then it was understandable.


 But sword path and blood path?


 Wasn’t he afraid that they would interfere with one another?


 But Fang Yuan not only had rank seven sword path Immortal Gu, his blood path killer move made even Chu Du gasp in shock.


 Also, also.


 So be it if he cultivated blood path and sword path, that was none of Chu Du’s business, but he actually had a method to lure out the Reckless Savage’s true meaning?!


 Chu Du had racked his brains and made countless attempts before ending in failure, he could only choose a crude method like raising disciples afterwards.


 What method was actually used?


 Reckless Savage’s true meaning, he definitely needed to have wisdom path attainment to do it!


 Did that mean, his wisdom path attainment was also not low??


 In this pursuit, even though it was very short, Chu Du could not catch up to Fang Yuan!


 Seeing that Fang Yuan did not fly away but stopped instead, Chu Du felt like his heart was pounding, he was filled with excitement and joy!


 Strength decided everything, thus right now, Chu Du treated Fang Yuan as an equal.


 Fang Yuan was silent for a moment, before he slowly said again: “Actually, it is not impossible to have a transaction...”


 Chu Du did not speak, he only listened. His eyes were burning with enthusiasm, as if fires were blazing in his pupils.


 But after a long time, the despicable Fang Yuan did not speak, he seemed to have gone deep in thought.


 Chu Du could not hold it in anymore, he asked: “I believe that with my wealth, you will definitely be satisfied.”


 Fang Yuan looked at him before saying: “Didn’t you attend the Northern Plains auction recently?”


 Chu Du’s expression froze, he said in a probing manner: “So you attended the auction as well?”


 “That’s right.” Fang Yuan admitted openly: “During the auction, I even made use of you.” Of course, the second line was only in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “What would you like, you can just say it.” Chu Du pursued.


 “It is hard to say.” Fang Yuan sighed, he frowned as he showed a difficult expression.


 Chu Du was feeling impatient.


 If this were another person, he would have slapped the other party already.


 “There is nothing you cannot say, even if I do not have it now, I can try to get it for you.” Chu Du continued.


 He had already decided to obtain this method regardless of the cost!


 Fang Yuan sighed again: “I said that because I have not thought of what to trade with brother Chu yet.”


 Chu Du was furious.


 After such a long time, you showed such a difficult expression simply because you have not made up your mind?


 Chu Du frowned, his tone became deep and low as he said: “Sir, did you stay here simply to toy with me?”


 “Brother Chu, don’t be angry, of course not!” Fang Yuan immediately said: “Any Gu Immortal would have calamities and tribulations looming over them, we have countless needs. I have not thought of what, and how to transact with you to obtain the greatest benefit for my cultivation. How about this, give me some time to think about it, after careful consideration, I will reply to brother Chu.”


 Chu Du had an ugly expression, he thought about it and nodded helplessly: “Alright.”



***
Chapter 1063 - Transformation Path!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s figure leaving in the horizon, Chu Du watched, staying on the spot.


 “Letting him go like this, was it a correct move or not?” Chu Du’s gaze was flickering.


 But soon, he smiled bitterly to himself: “Even if I do not want to let him go, what can I do?”


 “My methods cannot capture or catch up to him.”


 “If I use brute force, with this person’s mysterious background, he might be troublesome to deal with, and even if I capture him, he might destroy his own soul, how would I get the method then?”


 “However, seeing his attitude, he must be sincere in trading with me. Otherwise, he could have left already, why did he stay to talk with me?”


 Chu Du recalled the conversation he had with Fang Yuan.


 He thought about it for a while, he felt that Fang Yuan was very sincere, even though Fang Yuan did not talk about anything significant, and most of the things he said were lip service.


 But precisely so, Chu Du felt: This was much more sincere than giving empty promises and assurances of benefits.


 Of course, his greatest confidence was not in Fang Yuan’s attitude, but the flying sword Immortal Gu that he had in his hands.


 “This is a rank seven Immortal Gu!”


 Even a legendary figure like Chu Du did not have many rank seven Immortal Gu in his possession.


 Fang Yuan flew away and did not encounter any more problems.


 Lang Ya land spirit had already arranged for hairy man Gu Immortals to set up immortal battlefield killer moves, there were even Immortal Gu formations used for teleportation.


 However, Fang Yuan had an extremely easy time in getting away from Chu Du. Thus, the immortal battlefield killer move to obstruct Chu Du was no longer needed.


 Retrieving the components of the battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan used the Immortal Gu formation and returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 “You had dog shit luck Immortal Gu’s protection, yet you still encountered Chu Du, this does not follow common sense. Did anyone scheme against you?” Seeing Fang Yuan, Lang Ya land spirit asked straightforwardly.


 Fang Yuan frowned, he had considered this question long ago.


 “With dog shit luck Immortal Gu’s protection, my luck should not be bad. Was it because the earthly calamity was too fierce, the luck gained from Dog Shit Luck was all used to counter the earthly calamity?” Fang Yuan had a guess, but he could not say it to Lang Ya land spirit.


 He was a human Gu Immortal after all.


 Even though he joined Lang Ya Sect, they were still of different races, there was a rift between them.


 Like earlier, when Fang Yuan rushed back to Northern Plains from Southern Border, Lang Ya land spirit used the opportunity to take advantage of his situation.


 “But if that is the case, then the earthly calamity that I went through was already heavily weakened by luck. Then, what sort of strength would the actual earthly calamity have?”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt a cold chill.


 In this tribulation, he had narrowly avoided death, his life was in danger, it was a close call.


 In fact, this earthly calamity had completely surpassed the level of earthly calamities. Even the ten great catastrophes could not match Fang Yuan’s current earthly calamity.


 “But I have connected luck with many people. Perhaps because Dog Shit Luck’s effect was split between many people, it was not effective.” Fang Yuan thought, but he said: “First supreme elder is right, this is not a problem of luck, someone was plotting against me!”


 The identity of ‘Fang Yuan’ had already been exposed in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.


 Be it the secret about him being an otherworldly demon or Spring Autumn Cicada, the fact that he also destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was known to all.


 Shadow Sect, Heavenly Court, and all of the Huang Jin tribes in Northern Plains were likely to plot against Fang Yuan.


 Lang Ya land spirit sighed, worry was written all over his face, his tone became grim: “Maybe no one is plotting against you. Don’t forget, you are a member of Lang Ya Sect. And my Lang Ya blessed land is already exposed, we have suffered more than one attack. A while ago, we lost two Gu Immortals, the value of this place is enough for many experts and forces to act.”


 Fang Yuan was slightly happy, it was much better for him if Lang Ya land spirit had such thoughts.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s gaze was flickering, he quickly changed his words: “But if we can use wisdom Gu as the core to create the Immortal Gu House Secluded Residence, not only can we defend ourselves, we can even defend against all of the deductions from almost everyone in the world!”


 Fang Yuan smiled without speaking.


 It turned out that Lang Ya land spirit wanted to talk about this. It seemed that he was still coveting wisdom Gu. But sadly, in the earlier transaction, Fang Yuan did not sell wisdom Gu.


 “It was all thanks to first supreme elder’s Gu worms that I passed this tribulation. I will return them to you now, these Gu worms were a great help.” Fang Yuan said as a huge number of Gu flew according to his will, out of his immortal aperture.


 “Of course! With their help, simply an earthly calamity is a piece of cake.” Lang Ya land spirit said proudly.


 Fang Yuan did not say the truth, but he did not lie, he diverted the topic: “Especially your killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture, it was really effective. But Chu Du appeared at the end, it was quite scary. Thankfully, I was superior to him in terms of movement, albeit slightly.”


 While listening, Lang Ya land spirit collected all of the Gu worms, after inspecting each of them, he asked with a tone of regret: “Are you really not selling Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu to me?”


 In the original transaction, Lang Ya land spirit wanted to use three true inheritances in exchange for Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and wisdom Gu.


 But after thinking about it, Fang Yuan felt that even though refinement path, luck path, and theft path were good, they were not entirely suitable for him, they did not quite fit his future plans. If he exchanged for all of them, it was not worth it.


 However, the refinement path killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture, the luck path true inheritance’s dog shit luck Immortal Gu and others, they could provide Fang Yuan with huge help.


 Thus, after thinking about it, Fang Yuan chose his words and urged the land spirit: “Do you really want to trade all three true inheritances with me? There are many Immortal Gu in the true inheritances, if I get them, would Lang Ya Sect not need them later?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was unwilling to let them go as well.


 For example, dog shit luck Immortal Gu, it had been refined immediately by Long Hair Ancestor the moment Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died.


 After that, dog shit luck Immortal Gu had been guarding Lang Ya blessed land, providing huge help to the previous Lang Ya land spirit when he refined Gu. At the same time, it protected Lang Ya blessed land from countless disasters and dangers.


 However, if Lang Ya land spirit did not offer them, these true inheritances would be too low in value, how could they be traded for Fang Yuan’s three treasures?


 Thus, Fang Yuan urged again: “First supreme elder, since both of us are unwilling, why don’t we take what we need. Let’s deal with a portion of each.”


 “Oh? Explain clearly.” Lang Ya land spirit said.


 Fang Yuan spoke about his intentions as Lang Ya land spirit rejected: “No way, no way, you want the most essential parts of all three true inheritances, but you are only offering Luo Po Valley. This is a huge loss, no way! It will not do!”


 Fang Yuan smiled, continuing to negotiate with Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit was not good at negotiations, his baseline was quickly identified by Fang Yuan after some probing.


 Under such a situation, the land spirit was simple and easy to deal with compared to Gu Immortals.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit came to an agreement.


 Fang Yuan officially sold Luo Po Valley to Lang Ya land spirit, while he obtained dog shit luck Immortal Gu, blood asset Immortal Gu, and dark limit Immortal Gu, these three rank six Immortal Gu. His debt to Lang Ya Sect was cleared, and he borrowed a large number of mortal Gu and Immortal Gu to fix his weaknesses, and most importantly, the Gu worms needed to form immortal tribulation tempering aperture and triple layered sword wave.


 And in fact, immortal tribulation tempering aperture and triple layered sword wave were extremely helpful to Fang Yuan during the tribulation.


 Even though this transaction was made, Lang Ya land spirit was still coveting Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu right now.


 This time, the land spirit expressed his intent to purchase them again.


 But would Fang Yuan agree?


 Even so, he could not reject Lang Ya land spirit too harshly, he thought and said carefully: “I have no intentions to sell these two yet, but if I have any difficulties in the future, and the situation requires it, I will use them to trade with first supreme elder.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was about to speak.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, quickly saying: “I will leave these two treasures in Lang Ya blessed land. I will not take them with me, I will lend them to the sect for use, as per our previous agreement. Don’t worry, first supreme elder.”


 Lending wisdom Gu to Lang Ya Sect meant Lang Ya land spirit would feed it, this solved a huge problem for Fang Yuan.


 As for Dang Hun Mountain, it was better to not place it in his immortal aperture.


 Famous mountains or rivers bore a huge burden on the heaven and earth qi. The same applied to secluded domains of heaven and earth.


 Most importantly, Shadow Sect had clear knowledge of Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, if they used Fixed Immortal Travel to teleport into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, that would be a terrible situation.


 Lang Ya land spirit was not resigned, he continued to touch on this topic, but who was Fang Yuan? He was someone with negotiation skills honed from over five hundred years of life, the simple Lang Ya land spirit could not compete with him.


 After a long conversation, Fang Yuan took back a lot of his cultivation resources that were stored with Lang Ya land spirit.


 Like the eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders, dragonfish, arrow bamboo forest, they were all from Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land, they were sources of revenue that were only inferior to guts Gu.


 From start to finish, Fang Yuan did not ask Lang Ya land spirit about selling the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


 Chu Du?


 He was just a backup plan for Fang Yuan.


 Even though they had exchanged information path Gu worms and could communicate, Fang Yuan had already left, he was not restricted by any information path methods, wouldn’t any future transactions depend on Fang Yuan’s mood?


 As for... rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Hehe, it was just a rank seven Immortal Gu, so what if he could not take it back?


 Ordinary Gu Immortals treasured rank seven Immortal Gu, but Fang Yuan owned even rank nine Immortal Gu like wisdom Gu, he naturally had a different perspective.


 Especially when he had lost almost all of his Immortal Gu some time ago to Ying Wu Xie.


 Merely rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu paled in comparison to all those Immortal Gu.


 Chu Du did not know about Fang Yuan’s background, he underestimated Fang Yuan.


 All in all, there was little chance that Fang Yuan would trade with Chu Du.


 Reckless Savage’s true meaning was much more important to Fang Yuan compared to a rank seven Immortal Gu!


 “Because the path that I am going to walk on now is transformation path.”


 Fang Yuan had thought about it deeply, he had considered it thoroughly.


 Transformation path!


 This was the most suitable path for him now.



***
Chapter 1064 - I am a transformation path Gu Immortal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Why did Fang Yuan choose transformation path?


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan had a living body. He had been considering the most important question, what path was he going to choose from now on.


 In his previous life, he chose blood path, that was because blood path allowed quick growth and was very powerful, he could grow while fighting, and it had little requirements towards resources. Moreover, during his previous life, this was his only decent fortuitous encounter, his best prospects were in blood path.


 After rebirth, he gave up on blood path and chose strength path, that was because now was not the five regions chaotic war period, the regions were still orderly and blood path could not flourish. Another reason was because of his fortuitous encounters. Fang Yuan searched his memories and found the best opportunities for him at certain periods of time, coincidentally, these opportunities were all related to strength path.


 Actually, be it blood path or strength path, they had flaws.


 Blood path was in poor circumstances, people held animosity towards it. Any Gu Immortal or Gu Master who cultivated blood path would be pushed aside by the entire world.


 Strength path was declining, even though Domination Immortal Chu Du added the human jun strength branch, its decline could not be stopped.


 Truthfully speaking, these two paths were not the best choices.


 Fang Yuan concluded: Since rebirth, his fortuitous encounters were quite plentiful.


 Wisdom path, luck path, theft path...


 These opportunities were also of very high grade. For example, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance, or Star Lord Wan Xiang’s star path inheritance.


 Star path and wisdom path, these two paths were much better than blood path and strength path.


 Having an inheritance and not having one resulted in drastically different outcomes.


 The former allowed one to use the wisdom of predecessors to advance fearlessly, they could be very confident. The latter explored on their own, in a world of the unknown, they had to experiment and find their way forward slowly.


 If Fang Yuan had obtained these two true inheritances in his previous life, as long as the situation allowed it, he would have chosen Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance as the main focus, with Star Lord Wan Xiang’s star path inheritance as well as Blood Sea Ancestor’s true inheritance to assist him. He would become a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 Because in terms of prospects, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance was the best.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were few in numbers, they were very valuable in the Gu Immortal world. While being very popular, they were also deeply feared by many.


 But the path to choose was not just dependent on future prospects, one’s immediate needs were important too.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path inheritance came from a Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortal, it had been passed down for many generations, the prospects were great.


 But this inheritance had a weakness, it did not excel in fighting.


 The biggest advantage of this true inheritance was the proficiency in deduction.


 In order to make up for this weakness, Dong Fang Chang Fan created the immortal killer move myriad star fireflies, his weakness was alleviated.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s route was not suitable for Fang Yuan.


 Because he was facing danger everywhere.


 Ying Wu Xie, Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, Heavenly Court, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, the Huang Jin tribes in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan had many enemies.


 Especially after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan’s secrets were exposed, be it Spring Autumn Cicada, his otherworldly demon status, or the crime of Imperial Court blessed land, he had almost been completely exposed.


 Thus, Fang Yuan not only needed to consider his future prospects, he had to consider his circumstances.


 In some aspects, his immediate needs were more important than his future prospects.


 Without the ability to deal with his circumstances, even if he had huge prospects, it was useless, he could not make use of them.


 Right now, Fang Yuan needed high battle strength.


 Metal path, fire path, lightning path, sword path, blood path, these five paths were publicly recognized as the paths with the highest battle strength.


 The first three had been mainstream for an extremely long time.


 The latter two, be it sword path or blood path, had very short history, they were considered to be new. Sword path had Bo Qing, while blood path had Blood Sea Ancestor, but other than these two, there were few noteworthy people. Thus, the foundation of these two paths could not match the other three.


 For Fang Yuan, be it metal path, fire path, or lightning path, his attainment level was ordinary, he had no inheritances for them.


 In contrast, he was a blood path grandmaster, and even though his sword path attainment level was ordinary and had no inheritance, he had many of Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu.


 The attainment level of all of the paths was an important element of consideration.


 Without an inheritance, if the person had high attainment level, they could innovate and create new methods. But it would be harder to do it without an inheritance, the person needed talent and creativity.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path, blood path, wisdom path, and star path attainment levels were all at grandmaster, with blood path coming from his previous life’s foundation. Strength path was accumulated over both lives, while wisdom path and star path were obtained by chance, using the dream realm to raise their attainment levels rapidly.


 Refinement path was at quasi-grandmaster, it was good even among Gu Immortals.


 Enslavement path was at master level, it was not impressive among Gu Immortals.


 Luck path was quasi-master, while most of his other paths were ordinary (like sword path, light path, dark path, and others), or even blank (like phantom path).


 In terms of attainment level, he should go on the path with the highest grandmaster attainment level, one out of these four.


 But forget about blood path, or strength path on the decline, wisdom path and star path were not outstanding in battle strength, even though he had inheritances of them, Fang Yuan’s accumulated Immortal Gu were all lost already.


 If the Immortal Gu in these inheritances were not yet refined, Fang Yuan could still slowly refine them in the future.


 But these Immortal Gu were in Ying Wu Xie’s hands now, he did not know which ones were already destroyed, in this situation, there was a huge obstacle for his future cultivation. Even if he was willing to take a risk and refine Immortal Gu, because there could only be one, he might not succeed!


 With all of these considerations, Fang Yuan was in an awkward position.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when thinking about his future path, Fang Yuan felt deeply lost.


 Only after he gradually realized the profoundness of this body, the confusion in him was dissipating, he could see hope again.


 He first realized that his body had over a thousand dao marks, of all paths.


 This was not out of the ordinary. 

 When Gu Immortals undergo tribulations, because of the tribulations in their immortal apertures, dao marks of all different kinds would form, it was only that there would very clearly be one or two types with the highest quantities.


 The most important thing was — his dao marks did not interfere with each other, they did not weaken one another!


 This was simply too amazing!


 When Fang Yuan first realized this, he could not believe that something this good could exist!


 This overturned conventional wisdom regarding cultivation. If he told people about it, they would think he was spouting nonsense.


 But thinking about sovereign immortal fetus Gu — a rank nine Immortal Gu that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Shadow Sect had prepared to create for tens of thousands of years, the essence of their work.


 In this way, it was not strange for it to go against common sense.


 Next, Fang Yuan was immensely joyful.


 This benefit was not for others, it was for himself!


 With just this point, he could cultivate every path!!


 Long ago, Fang Yuan had once planned to cultivate two immortal apertures, one for time path, and another for strength path. But the sovereign immortal aperture was much more absurd, it could cultivate every path, from the start of history, every single path that had existed!


 This was simply like a dream.


 In history, even Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables cultivated one path primarily, with another secondarily. Even if Gu Immortals cultivated many paths, the result was often that they would end up in failure after trying to bite off more than they could chew.


 Because their dao marks resisted each other, the more they cultivated, the greater the conflict, it was not worth it.


 But Fang Yuan did not have this problem, he could cultivate every path, there was zero conflict, his prospects were bright, he surpassed the Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables in history!


 Fang Yuan quickly calmed down.


 The possibility was beautiful, but cultivating every path was just a wondrous dream. He had to consider the amount of time needed, resources, effort, and most importantly, a safe and peaceful cultivation environment.


 Fang Yuan did not have any of these.


 He had limited effort and resources, and had no time, his enemies were in all five regions, including the Northern Plains Gu Immortals who were most skilled at combat, the number one Gu Immortal organization in the world, Heavenly Court, the ten great ancient sects who controlled Central Continent, and countless people who were coveting the luck path true inheritance that he had...


 His prospects were wonderful, but danger lurked everywhere.


 Forget about creating his own path. Fang Yuan did not have that foundation. He could only choose one path that was available now, and continue on it. At most, he could cultivate a second one.


 Any more, and the situation would not allow it. His time and effort would be wasted, and he would be seeking his own doom.


 Among all of the paths, which one could allow Fang Yuan to gain great battle strength and display his expertise, while also considering his attainment level and inheritances?


 After thinking about it, one path was left in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 That was — transformation path!


 Transformation path was called the ‘path that projected every path’, transformation path Gu Immortals could transform into existences of metal path, light path, sword light, light path, and all other paths.


 But transformation path had a flaw that has lasted until today, that was when transformation path Gu Immortals transform into other beings, they needed to get rid of those dao marks to prevent their dao marks from interfering with one another.


 This flaw was non-existent to Fang Yuan. Because of sovereign immortal fetus Gu, his dao marks co-existed in harmony. When Qi Zai chased him, he had even thought that Fang Yuan was the owner of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s secret of unrestrained transformation.


 It could be said, transformation path could display Fang Yuan’s advantage the most.


 It could even be said, Fang Yuan was currently, no, he was one of the only two people in history that were most suitable to cultivate transformation path.


 Even more amazingly, once he cultivated transformation path, his secret of having dao marks that did not resist each other would be concealed completely.


 Fang Yuan could use the Immortal Gu of all paths after transforming, without attracting any suspicion.


 And after transforming, he could use the Immortal Gu of those paths and receive an amplification effect. For example, becoming a sword path beast to gain numerous sword path dao marks, and then using sword path Immortal Gu to gain a greater amplification in power.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s transformation path attainment level was not high, so what, he had Reckless Savage’s true meaning!


 Even though Fang Yuan did not have any transformation path inheritance, it was not an issue. Why? Because transformation path killer moves were easy to obtain, perfectly transforming into another form completely was a killer move of transformation path in itself.


 As for the Immortal Gu of transformation path, they were the easiest to refine in all of the paths. To Fang Yuan, he could quickly accumulate them and restart again.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan had other considerations.


 Like Lang Ya blessed land.


 This Lang Ya land spirit placed high value on the identity of a hairy man, if Fang Yuan cultivated to fruition, he could turn into a hairy man Gu Immortal to gain his trust, he would get more support!


 In the future, when he faces assault, he could turn into other things or people to deceive others. If his identity was exposed, and he could not do anything with his original identity, he could conceal himself and continue to roam the world safely.


 “From now on, I am a transformation path Gu Immortal!”



***
Chapter 1065 - Refining Change Form Immortal Gu Again


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land, a few days later.


 “This is the interior rain.” Lang Ya land spirit said as he landed a basin of water to Fang Yuan, letting him look.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his arm to receive it.


 “Be careful.” Lang Ya land spirit instructed: “This rank six immortal material is very special, it is quite ‘heavy’.”


 Lang Ya land spirit placed a lot of emphasis on the word ‘heavy’.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Don’t worry, I have heard of this immortal material.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan took this immortal material.


 Suddenly, he felt a strong gravitational pull.


 Looking over at it, the water in the basin was clear and transparent, it had traces of green in it. Fang Yuan was holding it stably, but the water surface had ripples for some reason, like the surface was being struck by rain.


 This was the rank six immortal material interior rain!


 This type of rainwater was very unique, it contained dao marks, its actual weight was not high, but it brought a type of burden to the life form holding it.


 Lang Ya land spirit emphasized on ‘heavy’, he was not talking about weight, he was talking about its psychological burden.


 “Have you really decided to use the third and final opportunity to ask me to refine Gu? Not to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, but to refine change form Immortal Gu instead?” While Fang Yuan was looking at the immortal material in the basin, Lang Ya land spirit asked again.


 “Yes, I have decided, I won’t change it again!” Fang Yuan nodded, he replied firmly without hesitation.


 Fang Yuan had thought about it deeply, he had made up his mind to cultivate transformation path.


 Fixed Immortal Travel was good, but firstly, the most crucial material, light of the immemorial era, was missing, secondly, Fang Yuan was not certain that it had been destroyed, and finally, change form Immortal Gu had greater importance to Fang Yuan at present.


 Thus, Fang Yuan changed his mind and used the final opportunity to try and refine change form Immortal Gu!


 Immortal Gu were unique, change form Immortal Gu was the essence of transformation path itself!


 This Immortal Gu was famous in history, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had used it and refined it to rank nine.


 But after Reckless Savage Demon Venerable died, the rank nine change form Immortal Gu was destroyed as well. From then on, people would refine it again starting from rank six.


 In terms of foundation, transformation path was much deeper than sword path and blood path. After Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, there were many Gu Immortal experts in transformation path, these people were like bright stars in the sky, they had left a deep mark in the long history of the world, they were talented and legendary, future generations revered and looked up to them.


 Change form Immortal Gu had been a key element, it had also risen and fallen with these experts. Change form Immortal Gu had been destroyed dozens of times, and refined again by others. Under most situations, it was rank six. Rank seven change form Immortal Gu appeared scarcely in history. As for rank eight change form Immortal Gu, it was even rarer, almost countable with two hands.


 The higher the rank of the Immortal Gu, the harder it was to refine. And together with the lower chances of success, the refinement materials were also more expensive. For instance, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, to refine rank eight Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven, had spent almost all of his savings, and even ordered Snowy Mountain blessed land’s Gu Immortals to find immortal materials for him. From this, one could see the terrifying cost of refining a rank eight Immortal Gu.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan was only trying to refine rank six change form Immortal Gu.


 He had the Immortal Gu recipe, and there was little chance of change form Immortal Gu being refined by others.


 The immortal materials were mostly prepared, this was thanks to Lang Ya blessed land’s huge immortal material inventory, and Fang Yuan did not have to pay for them at all.


 Because of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor’s agreement, Lang Ya land spirit would refine Gu for Fang Yuan three times. Mortal Gu were guaranteed, but Immortal Gu were not.


 This was the third and final time.


 “It is a pity. Back then you had the success dao mark, refining change form Immortal Gu would have been a guaranteed success. Why did you rebirth at that crucial moment?” Lang Ya land spirit thought back and felt it was greatly regretful.


 Fang Yuan had informed Lang Ya land spirit of many things honestly. After all, secrets like his rebirth were already exposed, even if Lang Ya land spirit did not know, he could obtain information from the outside world.


 “At that time, I was used by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, but even now, thinking back to it, it is still very suspicious.” Fang Yuan frowned.


 Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: “Forget it, let’s not talk about this. Even though we do not have a success dao mark, I have inherited my main body’s special hairy man nature Gu refinement technique. This method can use the dao marks of heaven and earth to assist in the Gu refinement, even though calamities and tribulations occur, the advantages surpass the disadvantages.”


 “Furthermore, my Lang Ya blessed land has used the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture to pass countless calamities and tribulations, there are a great number of refinement path dao marks here. Together with the effect of the remaining parts of Refinement Cauldron, there is a high chance of succeeding in refining change form Immortal Gu on the first try.”


 “However, to make it safe, Fang Yuan, you have to participate in this refinement. You are the owner of dog shit luck Immortal Gu, using your strong luck, you can increase the chances of success. In this refinement process, interior rain is the first problem. In the following days, you have to practise with the interior rain that you have.”


 Luck path had great effect in assisting Gu refinement.


 Back then, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable worked with Long Hair Ancestor to refine Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, luck path played an important role of assistance.


 But when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor cooperated to refine space escape Immortal Gu, it could not be used. After all, theft path was inferior to luck path in terms of helping with Gu refinement.


 Next, Lang Ya land spirit taught Fang Yuan some of the secrets behind the hairy man nature Gu refinement technique, including some precious Gu refinement methods and many mortal killer move for Gu refinement.


 Of course, these were not free, Fang Yuan had to pay with his sect contribution points.


 Even so, Fang Yuan gladly accepted them.


 The current Lang Ya land spirit was inferior to the previous one in Gu refinement, but it was still Long Hair Ancestor’s obsession, its refinement path attainment far surpassed Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had an amazing teacher now, many of his questions and problems in refinement path was solved. Those precious Gu refinement methods and killer moves that were long lost benefited Fang Yuan greatly. The hairy man nature Gu refinement technique was an eye-opener to Fang Yuan, he felt that if this method worked, it would be far superior to the human isolation style!


 Interestingly, while Fang Yuan was researching refinement path, his brother was also researching refinement path in Black Hair Continent, which was under Cloud Cover Continent.


 Fang Zheng was sitting in a room in the imperial city of Black Hair Continent, holding a three-colored flame in his hands.


 Fang Yuan’s fake will was speaking inside his mind: “In the competition tomorrow, the enemy is extremely powerful! Fang Zheng, even though you have rank five cultivation level, you severely lack Gu worms. You are also a human Gu Master, you are ostracized in Black Hair Continent, you can only refine Gu yourself. Tonight, you must refine the rank five Gu River Swallowing Toad. That way, you will be able to counter the enemy’s water path methods.”


 “I know, can you shut up?!” Fang Zheng snorted in his mind.


 Fang Yuan’s fake will stopped speaking, but soon, the three-colored flame in Fang Zheng’s hands dissipated.


 Fang Zheng spat out a mouthful of blood, after failing the Gu refinement, he suffered internal injuries.


 “Hehe.” Fang Yuan’s fake will laughed: “Oh my stupid brother, you are still as useless as ever. The Gu refinement process has just started, and you have already failed at the third step.”


 Fang Zheng’s expression was very ugly, but the truth was in front of him, he had nothing to say, he kept quiet and sat down, using Gu worms to heal himself.


 Fang Yuan’s fake will continued: “Being useless is fine, any person can grow and become stronger even if they are useless and weak. But the important thing is, there is no hope if you cannot recognize your own weakness and uselessness. The materials you prepared can only allow you to attempt the Gu refinement three times. This is just the start and you have already failed. Without my help, how will you refine the River Swallowing Toad? Hehe, in tomorrow’s battle, death is not barred, the other party will not spare you even if you beg them. You are beyond saving.”


 Fang Zheng felt anger from embarrassment, he shouted: “If I die, that’s my own business, you are too noisy, shut up!”


 Fang Yuan’s fake will said eerily: “I am going to keep talking, can you stop me? You think I care about your life? Hmph, little brother, you are still so ignorant. I only want revenge, you are just a tool for my revenge.”


 “I can become anyone’s tool, but I will definitely not be yours!” Fang Zheng replied resolutely.


 Fang Yuan’s fake will laughed: “You have no choice, even if you do not want to, so what? After participating in the competition, along your advancement, you killed many hairy man Gu Masters, you were taking revenge for me. Tonight, you must listen to my advice in order to successfully refine the Gu. You must accept my guidance, otherwise, you will die tomorrow without doubt!”


 Fang Zheng’s expression was dark, but he did not rebuke.


 He clenched his fists, falling into dead silence.


 Two hours later, he started to refine Gu.


 Fang Yuan slowly gave his pointers regarding the steps. Fang Zheng did not speak, but he followed the instructions without any deviation.


 Finally, when the sky was turning bright, at dawn, Fang Zheng succeeded in refining the River Swallowing Toad!


 Cloud Cover Continent.


 Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.


 The interior rain in front of him had been processed properly, it was like frozen ice, resembling a completely transparent jade.


 But the truth was, processing the immortal material to this degree was not just as simple as freezing it.


 There were more than fifty steps involved in this, more than twenty Gu refinement methods were used, and thirty refinement path mortal killer moves. Furthermore, the Gu refinement needed to do all these within several minutes.


 After wasting three basins, Fang Yuan finally succeeded by the fourth basin of interior rain.


 At this time, a lump of fake will flew to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, after confirming that it was harmless, he retrieved it in his mind.


 Soon, an almost indiscernible smile appeared on the corners of his lips.


 “In order to survive, Fang Zheng can only follow my instructions. Even though he hates me to the core, in order to live, he can only obey.”


 “Every time he survives using my guidance, he would feel humiliated and angry. But as long as this happens once, it will continue to happen. The more it happens, the less affected he feels, eventually, he will get used to my existence and rely on me subconsciously. By then, it would be the best time to refine Blood Deity.”


 “But his current mental state is still not good enough, he needs to be trained further.”



***
Chapter 1066 - Everyone Collecting Immortal Materials


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A blood deity was Fang Yuan’s long term plan.


 Fang Zheng was the second step of this plan.


 The first step of this plan was to refine blood deity Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan wanted to refine this Immortal Gu in his first life. He had even found trouble with Vicious Lightning Fiend for its remnant recipe.


 Only after refining blood deity Immortal Gu and killing a blood related relative would he be able to create a blood deity.


 Right now, Fang Yuan might have a blood deity Immortal Gu recipe, but it was only seventy percent complete. When he had been an immortal zombie, he did not have the resources and effort to spare in completing this Immortal Gu recipe. Now he had revived, but he could no longer step in the light of wisdom.


 “Even if I can’t use the light of wisdom, with my grandmaster attainment in blood path and wisdom path, it is enough to deduce the rest of the blood deity Immortal Gu recipe. It is just that the time and effort used would be far more than using light of wisdom.”


 “Even after refining blood deity Immortal Gu, for killing Fang Zheng and creating a blood deity, I still need to change his point of view first, at least, I need to make him not have hatred towards me. Because refining a hatred filled relative into a blood deity will create backlash to the owner, they are like a double-edged sword, harming the enemies but also able to harm myself as well if I let go of my guard.”


 Actually, there were many ways to influence someone’s feelings towards other people in the world of Gu Masters. Wisdom path had countless methods, emotion path was even more specialized in this.


 Fang Yuan had quite a lot of such methods. As long as he wanted to, he could just use one to make Fang Zheng docile and loyal to him.


 But doing so meant influencing Fang Zheng through external power, altering his true emotions. And when he is killed and refined into a blood deity, the wisdom path dao marks used on him would be cleared completely, leaving behind only pure blood path dao marks.


 At that time, Fang Zheng’s true emotions would return.


 Fang Yuan could only slowly change Fang Zheng’s emotions and perspective, and he would be able to get a blood deity that met his standards.


 Obviously, changing Fang Zheng’s perspective would be a very long process, and the completion of blood deity Immortal Gu’s recipe was also a far-off project, at least, Fang Yuan currently did not have the time to do this. Not to mention, after he perfected the blood deity Immortal Gu recipe, he still would have to prepare immortal materials to refine Blood Deity. However, the last point was much easier than other paths, blood path Gu worms had a characteristic – the cost of their refinement was quite low.


 These many reasons determined that the refinement plan of Blood Deity could only be a long term goal.


 But no matter how long it took, as long as he moved forward step by step, persevering and not giving up, he would finally succeed.


 Fang Yuan was currently taking out some time from his busy schedule to train Fang Zheng, reaching his goal slowly.


 A thousand mile journey starts from a step, droplets of water form into river.


 After understanding Fang Zheng’s situation, Fang Yuan activated Gu worms to produce fake will which then flew out.


 This fake will would fly to Fang Zheng’s mind, replenishing the fake will that had been consumed in his mind.


 A few days passed, Fang Yuan became very skilled in processing interior rain. Lang Ya land spirit then gave him another set of immortal materials to familiarize and gain proficiency in the Gu refinement technique.


 Fang Yuan’s attention was mainly placed on this aspect in preparation for refining change form Immortal Gu.


 When he was free, he would pay attention to his sovereign immortal aperture, inspect the changes in his immortal aperture and managing it.


 Gu Masters nourished their aperture, and the aperture produced primeval essence which was then used to activate Gu worms. But regardless of if it were Gu worms, Gu materials or primeval stones, Gu Masters relied on the outside world for these cultivation resources.


 At Gu Immortal level, the immortal aperture could not only produce immortal essence, it could also produce countless resources and they would be extremely safe and reliable, unlike the resources from the outside world which would need the Gu Immortal to watch all the time to prevent others from stealing them.


 To a Gu Immortal, the immortal aperture was the safest production base. If it was managed properly, it would be an extremely huge help to the Gu Immortal, and be a solid foundation for them to rely on. Because of having the same dao marks, it could produce the most suitable resources needed for the Gu Immortal and produce food for Immortal Gu. Trading the resources with the outside world could earn the Gu Immortal a lot of immortal essence stones. There was even a chance of the immortal aperture having a completely new wild Immortal Gu formed!


 Fang Yuan inspected his immortal aperture.


 His immortal aperture was divided into ten layers, with the layout like the five regions and nine heavens.


 Why was there such a layout, was it intentionally created like that by Spectral Soul or was it naturally formed? Fang Yuan did not know. After all, he had no role in creating sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he was only a lucky fellow who seized the fruits of success at the last moment.


 Fang Yuan had conveniently named the layers by referencing the five regions and nine heavens, with just an addition of the word ‘mini’ in front; like Mini Northern Plains, Mini Eastern Sea and so on.


 After making several observations, Fang Yuan had gradually discovered some minor mysteries of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 He discovered: the sovereign immortal aperture’s five regions and nine heavens were not only similar to the outside world in layout, their environments were also almost the same.


 For instance, Mini Northern Plains had the terrain of a boundless flat grassland, the wind path dao marks in the immortal aperture were somewhat more numerous in this area.


 Most of the fire path dao marks in the immortal aperture were located in Mini Western Desert. Mini Southern Border had more earth path dao marks and also some poison path dao marks as well.


 After discovering this, Fang Yuan had distributed his accumulated cultivation resources accordingly.


 He placed the eerie fire dragon pythons in Mini Western Desert.


 Dragonfish in Mini Eastern Sea.


 Regretful spiders in Mini Southern Border.


 Arrow bamboo forest, star fragment grass and so on in Mini Blue Heaven.


 As for Mini Northern Plains, there were large numbers of snow monsters in there. These monsters remained behind from the first earthly calamity, and they included large numbers of desolate beast snow monsters, and even ancient desolate beast level snow monsters.


 Fang Yuan did not have the time or energy to deal with these snow monsters for the moment and so he left them aside. Anyway, Mini Northern Plains was empty, with no precious resources and was quite large, so these snow monsters could move about freely, after all, they were unlike ruin bats which could pierce through the aperture walls.


 Air bubble fish, shark fin wolf, literature carps, desolate beast giant horned sheep, worldly sand gull, oil water, rockmen, blood zhi forest, mirror willow trees and so on were also arranged properly.


 While Fang Yuan was training his Gu refinement skills, he was also taking out some time to look after these resources.


 Arrow bamboo forest, star fragment grass and so on might have been moved into Mini Blue Heaven, but their Gu worm production had fallen terrifyingly. Meanwhile, eerie fire dragon pythons and dragonfish experienced minor decrease in their reproduction. Only regretful spiders had similar production rate to beforehand.


 There was nothing to be done, the sovereign immortal aperture might have broad prospects and unlimited potential, but currently it had only gone through one earthly calamity.


 Although it possessed dao marks of every path, but there were only about a hundred dao marks of the majority of the paths.


 The growth of regretful spiders relied on wisdom path dao marks, dragonfish on food path and water path dao marks, while the living environment of eerie fire dragon pythons had more fire path dao marks. The production of star path mortal Gu in arrow bamboo forest and the star fragment grass fields depended on star path dao marks.


 He had previously placed these resources in Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land.


 The former had passed six or seven earthly calamities and had a lot of dao marks, its fire path and water path dao marks passed the numbers in the sovereign immortal aperture. While Star Form blessed land itself focused on star path, the sovereign immortal aperture simply could not be compared to it on this aspect.


 However, not all the paths in the sovereign immortal aperture had only around a hundred dao marks.


 Qi path dao marks were far higher in number, this was because Fang Yuan had killed the qi path Gu Immortal Qi Zai in Southern Border’s Five Regional Mountain Range and obtained his accumulation of qi path dao marks.


 However, qi path dao marks were still not the highest in number, the highest were snow path dao marks.


 Fang Yuan had passed his first earthly calamity with difficulty, actually calling it an ‘earthly calamity’ was not appropriate, it was so terrifying that it far surpassed the ten great catastrophes.


 Calamities and tribulations had a rule, that was the balance of fortune and disaster, the stronger the might of the calamities and tribulations, the more benefits the Gu Immortal could receive after passing them.


 The benefits here were referring to dao marks.


 Fang Yuan obtained huge numbers of dao marks from his first earthly calamity.


 Among them, snow path dao marks were the highest in number, following afterwards were strength path and transformation path dao marks. The latter two paths’ dao marks were lower in quantity to qi path. After all, Fang Yuan’s qi path dao marks were the lifetime accumulation of the rank seven Gu Immortal Qi Zai, while the strength path and transformation path dao marks were obtained just from the first earthly calamity.


 These dao marks were already beginning to influence Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 It was still not noticeable in the other four small regions, but in Mini Northern Plains, there was already a large patch of snowy plain and its boundary was still slowly expanding.


 This environment was good enough for Fang Yuan to plant many kinds of cold resistant vegetation.


 Like when Hu Immortal blessed land’s environment changed after experiencing a few earthly calamities, and Hu Immortal was able to plant blue degree grass, chestnut grass, six divine grass, milk tea flowers and so on.


 One main principle of managing immortal apertures was to act according to the environment.


 To refine Change Form, Fang Yuan was preparing with all his effort, and in Central Continent, Ying Wu Xie’s group was also not idling.


 They had obtained the light of the immemorial era, and started gathering other immortal materials listed in the Gu recipe.


 They were able to resolve a small portion of the items from their own inventories, but there were still many that required them to buy from the outside world or exchange with others.


 Ying Wu Xie had inherited the remnant forces of Shadow Sect, and was the boss of Defy, so his first choice was to trade for the resources from the organization.


 Negotiations, bargaining, and finally transactions.


 Gu Immortals chased after profits and with the loose structure of Defy, it was not easy to transact immortal materials.


 Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan almost ran their mouths dry while negotiating. Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were not adept at negotiations.


 After great pains and effort, Ying Wu Xie was finally able to gather three portions of Gu refinement materials.


 “Yu Mu Chun is already dead, I have no choice but to give up on the hairy man heaven and earth style and use human isolation style to refine Fixed Immortal Travel. This method’s success rate is quite low, just three portions of immortal materials are not enough.”


 Ying Wu Xie did not stop purchasing the materials, moreover to refine the Gu, he and the other three immortals took the risk of returning to Earth Abyss.


 Shadow Sect had arranged a super Gu formation in Earth Abyss which could provide huge help in Gu refinement.


 When Ying Wu Xie barely gathered six complete portions of immortal materials through Defy, a mishap occurred.


 A member of Defy, demonic Gu Immortal Gong Sun Liang, who had been hiding in Ming Tang valley, was ambushed and captured by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals! Gong Sun Liang sent a request for help to Defy, the whole of Defy had immediately fallen into a huge turbulence.


 Gong Sun Liang, who had hidden himself very well, was actually captured. More importantly, Heavenly Court had personally made a move, this was truly shocking.


 Most of the members of Defy were those that were suppressed or excluded by Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, and had secretly allied for survival. Meanwhile, the ten great ancient sects were no more than subsidiaries of Heavenly Court.


 Facing the colossal Heavenly Court, everyone in Defy was feeling insecure, and feared Gong Sun Liang revealing clues that would implicate them.


 “Damned Heavenly Court!” Ying Wu Xie could only curse at this.


 Because of this event, other members of Defy went into hiding, and no longer dared to communicate with him, let alone trading immortal materials.


 Ying Wu Xie knew they not only feared Heavenly Court, more than that they were doubtful of him, this boss. After all, previously, Gong Sun Liang had lent his Immortal Gu to Ying Wu Xie, and he was the one who met with disaster while the Immortal Gu remained with Ying Wu Xie. Was it the greed for Immortal Gu that the boss intentionally did not save Gong Sun Liang? This suspicion had caused the power and prestige of the boss’ name to take a huge hit.


 Gong Sun Liang was captured, cutting down Ying Wu Xie’s optimal source of gathering immortal materials.


 With no choice, they could only take help of treasure yellow heaven.


 This was the biggest market in the five regions.


 But the service charge was high and the transactions were not secret, they could easily be tracked down by those that had the intention.


 In short, the risk was high, if not for there being no other way, Ying Wu Xie would not have used this method.


 “Gong Sun Liang is captured, Heavenly Court will sooner or later find out about this place. Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord is dead, but Fairy Zi Wei has awakened. I must refine Fixed Immortal Travel as soon as possible!”


 Ying Wu Xie was feeling more and more hurried.


 His circumstances were also worsening by the day.


 Shadow Sect had emptied out almost all their treasuries to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, even using Zombie Alliance as immortal materials to refine into the ten extreme formation.


 Shi Nu might be rank seven, but his immortal aperture was not managed properly.


 Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had advanced to Gu Immortal not long ago and had limited accumulations.


 Although treasure yellow heaven had a superb collection of immortal materials, Ying Wu Xie suffered from poverty and had to spend his remaining wealth very carefully. He had to haggle over the smallest details, who would want to transact immortal materials with him?


 Finally, by the time Ying Wu Xie was able to gather ten portions of Gu refinement materials through treasure yellow heaven, he had almost reached the point where he shed tears of bitterness, his expression one of misery.


 A tiger without strength gets bullied by dogs.


 If now was before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, there would be ten or twenty entire portions of rank six immortal materials which could be obtained from just a fraction of Shadow Sect’s treasury. Even if the materials were not in the treasury, with just one order, Zombie Alliance over the five regions would mobilize large numbers of immortal zombies to gather the immortal materials.


 Why would he get into this state!


 To gather the immortal materials, the current Ying Wu Xie and the rest had almost already emptied out their pockets.


 “I must succeed in refining Fixed Immortal Travel! I must succeed!” Ying Wu Xie inwardly cried out.


 His situation was filled with difficulties, while Fang Yuan was progressing smoothly.


 Fang Yuan had already discussed with Lang Ya land spirit, even if the first Gu refinement did not succeed, they would still continue.


 As for the immortal materials required for the second or the third time, Fang Yuan would have to bear all the costs.


 He had ample money on hand, or rather, he had extremely ample money on hand .


 The production of his major resources had decreased, but Fang Yuan’s earnings had instead multiplied by several times!


 The reason?


 The time path foundation in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was extremely abundant, the rate of time inside was as high as sixty times that of the outside world.


 What did that imply?


 One day in the outside world was two months inside the sovereign immortal aperture!


 With such an increase in time, there would be more resources produced, completely making up for the reduction in the production rate.


 However, only a part of these resources would be sold by Fang Yuan. When negotiating with Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan had intentionally mortgaged Dang Hun Mountain. In any case, Fang Yuan was able to pay the debt.


 But this, however, gave Lang Ya land spirit plenty of motivation.


 Lang Ya land spirit was slightly worried that the Gu refinement would succeed in one go, wouldn’t that mean he would be unable to take the chance to obtain Dang Hun Mountain?



***
Chapter 1067 - Both Sides Refine Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days later, in a deep part of Central Continent’s Earth Abyss.


 Shi Nu came back from the outside, reporting to Ying Wu Xie: “Master, I have already investigated clearly. Because of the huge cave-in, there was a massive commotion, Ancient Soul Sect sent out three Gu Immortals to investigate. According to your instructions, I have already lured several ancient desolate beasts and five desolate beast groups to them. Because there seems to be wild Immortal Gu in them, the three Gu Immortals from Ancient Soul Sect will be kept busy.”


 Shi Nu was a rockman, he was born with earth path dao marks. Shi Nu’s earth path cultivation was extremely useful in an environment like Earth Abyss.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded: “You did well in this matter, but heaven’s will is everywhere, do not be careless. When I am refining Gu, heaven’s will might influence these Gu Immortals to cause them to come here and ruin our plan!”


 Shi Nu thought for a moment before speaking: “Master is right, but in this direction, we have already arranged three groups of desolate beasts to obstruct them. Even if they get past the desolate beasts and arrive here, we will have enough time to react.”


 Ying Wu Xie shook his head slightly: “You have not seen the true power of heaven’s will. Not only can it influence Gu Immortals, it can also affect desolate beasts and desolate plants. At the crucial moment, these desolate beast groups might charge at us.”


 Shi Nu’s expression changed: “If the desolate beast group charges here... what do we do?”


 What he meant was, were his earlier preparations of luring the beast groups simply shooting themselves in the foot?


 “No need to worry. My confidence does not lie in these desolate beast groups or ancient desolate beasts. It is in this super Gu formation!” Ying Wu Xie said as an insightful light flashed across his eyes.


 Here was the safest place in Central Continent.


 This super Gu formation covered all aspects, it not only hid them from heaven’s will, it prevented the deductions of wisdom path Gu Immortals, and also had incredible offense and defense, it could even assist in refining Gu.


 When Spectral Soul was in the door of life and death, he devoured souls and gained the memories and cultivation experiences of countless Gu Immortals. When he was alive, he was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, his talent was top tier even throughout history.


 Experiences of formation path and refinement path were all absorbed by Spectral Soul, he saved a lot of time and effort because of this, he raised his formation path, refinement path, and other paths’ attainment levels to great grandmaster.


 And this super Gu formation was designed by Spectral Soul in the door of life and death, one could imagine how powerful it was.


 Ying Wu Xie was relying on this super Gu formation to refine Gu, it was an ingenious idea.


 Even if desolate beast groups or ancient desolate beasts came charging, he could use the super Gu formation to kill these desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, using their souls to fuel the super Gu formation and increase its might. Thus, there was no issue of creating trouble for themselves.


 Shi Nu’s worry was undue, even though he had lived here for a long time, he did not know the true power of this Gu formation.


 “I did not destroy Spring Autumn Cicada, heaven’s will resides inside this Gu, thus, the location of the super Gu formation is known by heaven’s will. But it is not a problem, even if Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals attack us, I can defend us for some time. With Heaven Overseeing Tower destroyed now, even though they have fate Gu, the chances of Heavenly Court getting here are low!”


 Ying Wu Xie did not give up on Spring Autumn Cicada after careful consideration.


 Fang Yuan could use Spring Autumn Cicada to destroy Shadow Sect’s plan of a hundred thousand years. Then why couldn’t Ying Wu Xie also use Spring Autumn Cicada as his final trump card?


 Heaven’s will was vast, it only cared about balance, it did not bear grudges. Anyone who threatens this world or threatens the life forms in this world would be targeted by heaven’s will.


 Right now, heaven’s will’s main target was Fang Yuan, not Ying Wu Xie.


 Thus, even though Spring Autumn Cicada was full of heaven’s will, it was still useful to Ying Wu Xie.


 And in Ying Wu Xie’s plans, he was going to re-refine Spring Autumn Cicada, to clear out the heaven’s will inside, making this legendary Gu his own.


 But these were future plans.


 Right now, Ying Wu Xie’s mind was on refining Fixed Immortal Travel.


 This Immortal Gu was the key to resolving his problem!


 With this Immortal Gu, he could go anywhere, he would regain the freedom he needed.


 “There is no time, we should refine Fixed Immortal Travel now. Shi Nu, don’t resist, I will activate the Gu formation and send you to the formation core, you will assist me with refining the Gu.” Ying Wu Xie ordered.


 “Yes master, I will do my best, even if I have to stake my life!” Shi Nu quickly responded.


 After moving Shi Nu, Ying Wu Xie also came to the most central formation core. As for Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, they were moved to two other formation cores.


 Even though it was only a rank six Fixed Immortal Travel, this Gu refinement was very significant to Shadow Sect’s future, and even the situation of the five regions.


 The Gu refinement began!


 Half a month later, Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 The first refinement attempt of change form Immortal Gu was about to begin.


 Fang Yuan stood in Cloud Cover Continent, he was looking at Lang Ya land spirit with a serious expression.


 Lang Ya land spirit was no longer so sagely, he was muscular and brawny, he had black hair on his body as he floated in the sky like a demonic god.


 He growled, his voice filled the scene, clouds scattered upon his action.


 Dao marks seemed to have lit up due to his voice, the surroundings were full of them.


 “These dao marks are mostly refinement path dao marks, they are exceptionally good assistance in Gu refinement!” Lang Ya land spirit introduced proudly.


 He growled again.


 While growling, lumps of light shined in the entire sky, they shone with beautiful and vibrant lights, it was a dazzling sight.


 “What is happening in the sky?”


 “Quickly look, an immortal miracle has occurred again!”


 “Not long ago, there was a rainbow beam, and now, there are rainbow stars in the sky, this is such a grand sight!”


 At once, in Black Hair Continent, Yellow Hair Continent, and White Hair Continent, there were huge commotions as all sorts of people, from beggars to royalty, looked up with enthusiastic gazes, at the stars in the sky.


 “Each star is oozing with Immortal Gu aura, these are the components of the Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron?” Fang Yuan asked in a questioning tone.


 Lang Ya land spirit nodded, saying regretfully: “You guessed right, it is a pity that most of the core Immortal Gu are gone, if Refinement Cauldron was intact, the chances of refining change form Immortal Gu are sixty percent!”


 “But forget it if its lost, I am not going to repair Refinement Cauldron anyway, what can the complete Refinement Cauldron do? True strength does not lie in Immortal Gu, it depends on the Gu Immortal themselves.”


 “Pay attention, I am about to start!”


 At this time, the dao marks in the surrounding hundred li lit up, the sky was shining in rainbow colors.


 Lang Ya land spirit was high in the sky, countless Gu worms were flying around him, large numbers of mortal Gu materials were instantly refined by him, the speed was so fast Fang Yuan could barely keep up by looking.


 In a while, Lang Ya land spirit growled: “Your turn.”


 In an instant, Fang Yuan’s vision changed, he replaced Lang Ya land spirit in his position, floating in the air. As for Lang Ya land spirit, he was standing on the ground, watching Fang Yuan.


 As it turned out, Lang Ya land spirit had assessed the situation and decided that this Gu refinement was going to use a dual Immortal Gu refinement method. Lang Ya land spirit was going to use the hairy man Gu refinement method, while Fang Yuan was going to process the important immortal materials. They held equal importance in this.


 Fang Yuan was amply prepared. After appearing in the sky, he waved his hands as he took out a large basin of interior rain.


 Lang Ya land spirit saw this and nodded, feeling slightly pleased.


 Fang Yuan was calm and collected, he had deep foundation in the basics, his methods also had an indescribable essence of profundity.


 “This lad is worthily a reborn individual, with his previous life’s experiences, his refinement path attainment level is reaching grandmaster. But to take this final step, it will not be easy.” Lang Ya land spirit assessed.


 The Gu refinement proceeded smoothly, all of the steps were meticulously followed. Even if accidents occurred, they were small and negligible.


 Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit made ample preparations. And because Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit were not unskilled in refinement path, it was a cooperation of two experts. It was not strange to have such progress.


 For three days and nights, Lang Ya land spirit and Fang Yuan worked without rest, their hard work paid off in the form of an incomplete Immortal Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit saw this and was overjoyed: “It seems that this first Gu refinement is likely to succeed! As long as the last few steps have no issues...”


 Before he finished his words, the sky rumbled, thunder resounded as lightning flashed.


 The Immortal Gu was about to form, tribulation descended!


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, but his hands were still stable, manipulating the mystical icy flame, tempering the incomplete Immortal Gu.


 “Don’t worry, it is merely a rank six Immortal Gu’s tribulation, it is nothi... what?!” Lang Ya land spirit’s pitch became extremely high, like a rooster held by its neck.


 His eyes were staring wide at the rumbling tribulation lightning in the sky.


 Before the tribulation descended, the intensity and aura had already far surpassed the standards of rank six in Lang Ya land spirit’s memories.


 In fact, even rank seven Immortal Gu would not result in such tribulation lightning!


 “Why did this happen?!” Lang Ya land spirit growled angrily in confusion.


 “First supreme elder, take care of the Gu refinement, I will deal with the tribulation.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


 “No! At the crucial moment, you cannot leave, your Dog Shit Luck is protecting the Immortal Gu. Let me deal with the tribulation, everyone, form the ancient battle formation!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted.


 As he said that, close to ten hairy man Gu Immortals flew to him. As silvery light flashed, a huge silver giant appeared again!


 The second ranked battle formation in the Olden Antiquity Era — Heavenly Giant Solor!


 Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


 “Huff, huff, huff...” Ying Wu Xie breathed roughly, his eyes were red, he was like a gambler who had lost almost all his money, and was desperate to recoup his losses.


 Since half a month ago, he had been trying to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, up until now, he had already failed eight times!


 “Damn it, I only have two chances left.”


 “I have the Gu formation to help me, but I still failed eight times. The human isolation style truly has lower success rate compared to the hairy man heaven and earth style.”


 “However, even if Yu Mu Chun were still alive, I would never use the hairy man heaven and earth style. Heaven’s will wants to get rid of me, if I give it this opportunity, it will use the tribulations to attack. If a tribulation that counters the super Gu formation destroys it, there will be trouble!”


 “Fang Yuan does not know about heaven’s will, he is using the hairy man heaven and earth style. Hehe, good luck to him.”



***
Chapter 1068 - Success and Failure


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Loud sounds resounded non stop as the entire sky of Cloud Cover Continent shook.


 “This is the heavenly drum thunder tribulation!” Lang Ya land spirit said inside the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor.


 His face was showing shock and confusion.


 “With this heavenly drum thunder tribulation, every time thunder booms, formless astral lightning would form in the Gu Immortal’s body, destroying their intestines and organs, the force can blow up mountains and crack boulders. This is a sound path and lightning path tribulation, normal Gu Immortals cannot defend against it easily, they are also sure to die in this tribulation. However, Fang Yuan, you do not need to fear, this place is surrounded with refinement path dao marks, it is the best defense. Furthermore, I have methods to resist it, as long as Heavenly Giant Solor is around, you will be safe!”


 While feeling anxious, Lang Ya land spirit transmitted this to Fang Yuan, he was afraid that Fang Yuan would be distracted by the tribulation, causing the Gu refinement to end up in failure.


 Even though Lang Ya land spirit wanted to get Dang Hun Mountain, and Fang Yuan failing to refine the Gu would help in this, he was a land spirit that had to follow his promises, this was an agreement made by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor, he had to do his best to help Fang Yuan without scheming against him.


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, completely unaffected by the rumbling thunder outside.


 His expression was calm, his mind was also ice cool.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s worry was excessive, Fang Yuan had undergone so many battles, the five regions chaotic war, the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had experienced all of these chaotic scenes, he was immune to such interference.


 He was composed, his fingers moved quickly, like flowers blooming, he stably proceeded with the Gu refinement.


 Boom boom boom.


 Every thunderous sound would cause the giant silver body of Heavenly Giant Solor to shake.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals who formed the battle formation felt agitated, their hair was standing on end, as if an apocalypse was coming.


 Lang Ya land spirit snorted coldly: “I have a move that counters sound path. Behold my immortal killer move — Silent World!”


 The silver giant shone with boundless brilliance.


 The silvery light was sharp, like shards of the sun.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes in time, as he activated several defensive killer moves.


 The silvery light flickered and vanished without a trace.


 Silent world!


 No more thunder was heard.


 In the sky, dark clouds loomed as countless bolts of lightning flashed in the clouds.


 But the thunder that accompanied every flash of lightning was gone.


 After a long time, the sounds of thunder returned, from soft gradually to loud.


 “With just this heavenly drum thunder tribulation’s size, even if it expands by ten times, it cannot interrupt the Gu refinement.” Lang Ya land spirit had just said this smugly when the dark clouds in the sky transformed.


 Numerous blue light lumps shot down from the dark clouds, each light lump was a blue charm lightning shadow!


 This was a lightning fiend, its battle strength matched rank six Gu Immortals.


 When Hu Immortal underwent tribulation, she died because of a blue charm lightning shadow. And now, Fang Yuan had to face twenty of them!


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes were bulging, he yelled: “What is going on? Why is there a second blue charm lightning shadow tribulation? And the size is actually twenty times of the usual!”


 Even with Lang Ya land spirit’s long life and countless experiences, he was visibly fazed.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, this was so similar to the situation when he was undergoing tribulation.


 “During my first earthly calamity, it surpassed a heavenly tribulation. This time, during change form Immortal Gu’s refinement, the same thing happened, there are actually twenty blue charm lightning shadows! If I encountered this during my earthly calamity, I would have died without question!”


 During Fang Yuan’s first earthly calamity, the heaven and earth qi turned into some iron crown eagles, two ancient ruin bats, and countless ancient snow monsters, desolate beast snow monsters, and others...


 In terms of size, his first earthly calamity was larger, but Fang Yuan barely passed it.


 If he encountered this earthly calamity with twenty blue charm lightning shadows, he would not be able to live.


 During his earthly calamity, the ancient ruin bats had just formed when Fang Yuan resolutely attacked them with his full power without hesitation, destroying them. Fang Yuan had high offense and low defense, this was making use of his advantage.


 But if he fought against twenty blue charm lightning shadows, it would be different.


 Blue charm lightning shadows were fast, their battle strength matched rank six Gu Immortals, even if Fang Yuan used triple layered sword wave, he could not hit them.


 Fang Yuan had rank seven and eight Immortal Gu, but they were not defensive Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan had strong attacks, but weak defensive methods, he was countered by the blue charm lightning shadows.


 “The underlying problem is, I developed too quickly, my foundations are unstable, I have too many weaknesses now.” Fang Yuan had a thought.


 Actually, he had discovered this problem long ago.


 But since the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had been pressed for time, he had no free time to make up for these aspects.


 Twenty blue charm lightning shadows charged at Fang Yuan together. They were so fast, like lightning, Fang Yuan only saw several blue traces before they all got near him.


 Lang Ya land spirit shouted in panic, using another immortal killer move.


 The silver giant’s body was shining in light, within the pure white light, the silver giant’s body expanded until it multiplied a dozen times in size.


 The original silver giant was already huge, with this transformation, its feet stepped on Cloud Cover Continent while its head extended up towards the heavens!


 The silver giant’s mountain-like body shook intensely, it used another immortal killer move.


 The blue charm lightning shadows were already at Fang Yuan’s left and right, they crashed into a sudden wall of light that appeared and were bounced back.


 After saving Fang Yuan, the silver giant raised its hands, clasping them together to form a circle, with Fang Yuan inside.


 Its arms were huge, they covered the surrounding space around Fang Yuan.


 “The situation, is bad, even though my killer move can defend against blue charm lightning shadows, your refinement is still being interrupted. You need to be careful now, stronger attacks might be coming at you, if you fail to hold firm, the Gu refinement will fail!” Lang Ya land spirit transmitted again.


 Fang Yuan nodded, he did not speak, his expression was heavy.


 While refining Gu now, there were countless refinement path dao marks helping him, and even the remaining portion of Refinement Cauldron was in the air assisting him. But the silver giant’s battle with the blue charm lightning shadows would disturb the dao marks, causing countless tremors. These were all problems for Fang Yuan! If he made a mistake, his hard work would be wasted.


 Bam bam bam!


 Loud clashing sounds entered Fang Yuan’s ears.


 The blue charm lightning shadows were like blue bees, surrounding the silver giant and attacking at its two hands.


 They were moving quickly, while the silver giant was moving clumsily.


 “You bunch of fools!” Lang Ya land spirit scolded.


 He had to protect Fang Yuan and keep his arms stable, he could not be distracted, thus, the matter of resisting the blue charm lightning shadows was left to the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


 But these hairy man Gu Immortals had low battle strength, they were unskilled in controlling the giant. Even though they did their best, the immortal killer moves they used either failed, or even if they succeeded, in the outside world, they created flashy effects but had little impact.


 After a long time, they only killed one blue charm lightning shadow, and that was because of a lucky hit.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not even have the energy to yell at them.


 “Right now, it is really bad.” He was full of worries.


 The silver giant was created with Heavenly Giant Solor, it had expanded by more than ten times, with less defense than before. It could only take a beating while the blue charm lightning shadows attacked, it was getting more transparent, fading with time.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s situation was stabilized, because of the outside interference, his speed fell drastically.


 Lang Ya land spirit estimated that with this speed, the silver giant could not last until the end.


 He was already occupied now, while Fang Yuan was focusing on the Gu refinement, they could not fight.


 Without external help, this refinement was bound to fail!


 “Thankfully, this is my first try, it is okay if it fails, I have funds.” Fang Yuan’s attitude was actually rather good, he had a positive mindset.


 When refining Immortal Gu, who could expect to succeed on the first try?


 Fang Yuan could bear the failure, but over in Central Continent’s Earth Abyss, Ying Wu Xie had no alternatives left.


 “This is the final chance, the final set of immortal materials, I cannot fail again!” Ying Wu Xie’s forehead was covered in sweat, he gritted his teeth.


 He was like a wolf that was forced to the edge of the cliff.


 Once he failed, to gather another batch of immortal materials, it would be extremely difficult.


 “In this situation, I can only use my trump card... I can’t care less about the backlash, I need to get through this crisis first!”


 Ying Wu Xie made up his mind and activated a certain immortal killer move.


 An intense pain assaulted the depths of his soul.


 Under the effect of the immortal killer move, his entire soul turned into fuel and started burning. At the same time, his luck rose gradually!


 “My main body had explored Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and created this move... luckily, I obtained rank seven soul howl Gu earlier, together with some mortal Gu, I can use this move.”


 Determination flashed across Ying Wu Xie’s eyes.


 He was going all in, using a huge amount of luck to help himself in refining Fixed Immortal Travel.


 “I can definitely succeed this time!!” He screamed internally.


 Inside Lang Ya blessed land, there was great danger.


 The silver giant was extremely weak, it was on the verge of collapsing.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals in the giant suffered severe injuries, some of them had burst arteries, they were spitting out blood, some had fainted while others were trembling intensely, throwing up frothy saliva.


 They had assembled the ancient battle formation, now that the formation was damaged, the injuries were reflected onto them.


 There were eleven blue charm lightning shadows left.


 Be it Fang Yuan or Lang Ya land spirit, they were in despair.


 “The next time I refine Gu, I will definitely not use the hairy man heaven and earth style!” Fang Yuan swore to himself, at this moment, he felt that the human isolation style was very wonderful.


 “I am actually going to fail this time, my Lang Ya blessed land’s reputation is ruined, it is the fault of these tribulations that increased in strength so ridiculously!” Lang Ya land spirit was furious.


 “Alright, it is almost time to stop.” Gu Immortal Sixth Hair thought to himself.


 He was the spy that Shadow Sect had placed in Lang Ya blessed land, there were three of them formerly, now he was the only one left.


 He was the one communicating with Ying Wu Xie, giving him the information about Fang Yuan and the blessed land.


 While resisting the blue charm lightning shadows, he did not help much, in fact he was doing sabotage. From Shadow Sect’s perspective, they were unwilling to see Fang Yuan refine change form Immortal Gu.


 “For the final attack, let’s use killer move one arm sacrifice!” Sixth Hair thought as he almost laughed out loud.


 Even though this move was powerful, it would greatly weaken the silver giant. Now that the silver giant was on the brink of breaking apart, once this move was used, it would definitely collapse.


 “If I use this move, the ancient battle formation would collapse, not only would Fang Yuan’s refinement fail, the backlash of the ancient battle formation would also kill many of the hairy man Gu Immortals. After surviving, I would be given even greater responsibilities. This is perfect, simply perfect!”


 Cold light flashed in his eyes, the traitor Sixth Hair used one arm sacrifice resolutely!


 One of the silver giant’s arms left its body, as it fell, a bright light was emitted.


 “Oh no! Which idiot...” Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, he was about to scold.


 Suddenly!


 This severed arm was hit by an immortal killer move and erupted with incredible strength as it flew far away.


 Boom!


 With a loud crash, an intense explosion occurred, it happened to hit the surrounding blue charm lightning shadows.


 These blue charm lightning shadows were flying around everywhere, at that moment, coincidentally, most of them were gathered together, and were hit by this explosion, they all died at once.


 Stunning results!


 Fang Yuan was dazed.


 Sixth Hair was shocked: “This, this actually worked?!”


 Lang Ya land spirit was also in a daze, he shouted after a while: “Good attack!!”


 With this change, the silver giant collapsed, and the hairy man Gu Immortals were all injured. But there were only three blue charm lightning shadows left, the situation turned around quickly.


 Just Lang Ya land spirit alone could deal with these blue charm lightning shadows.


 Sixth Hair was in regret, he wanted to attack but Lang Ya land spirit ordered him to take care of the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


 An hour later, Fang Yuan held the newly refined change form Immortal Gu as he stood in disbelief.


 “The first refinement attempt succeeded?”


 Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


 Puff!


 Ying Wu Xie spat out blood as he fell backwards.


 His expression was pale, he fainted at once.


 The final attempt at refining Fixed Immortal Travel failed!



***
Chapter 1069 - Heavenly Court!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The butterfly fluttered its wings, it flew up and down, as jade green light scattered below its beautiful wings.


 Eventually, it landed on the tip of Fairy Zi Wei’s slender white finger.


 Fairy Zi Wei looked at this jade butterfly deeply, smiling as she said: “This is Fixed Immortal Travel?”


 “Precisely.” An old female Gu Immortal beside her said expressionlessly.


 This old woman had a hunched back, she was bending down, her hair was yellow like wheat, her face was wrinkled and her eyes were blurry.


 She wore a brown-yellow robe, there was a ring of sand around her waist.


 Fairy Zi Wei turned around, expressing her gratitude sincerely: “Merely a rank six Immortal Gu, it actually needed a refinement path great grandmaster like Granny Sha to refine, this was truly its honor.”


 This old female Gu Immortal was a member of Heavenly Court, she had recently woken up.


 She had rank eight cultivation level, she was several thousand years old, there were no records about her age, but there were such antiques in Heavenly Court, except that her refinement path great grandmaster status was very rare.


 Fairy Zi Wei knew a bit more.


 She was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, she could deduce many secrets from small clues.


 She knew that this Granny Sha had little lifespan, she had to sleep in Heavenly Court to delay the arrival of her death. But she and Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord were from the same generation, they were even in a relationship during their younger years.


 During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord sacrificed himself and died, this alarmed Granny Sha, she took the initiative to end her hibernation and woke up.


 Granny Sha looked at Fixed Immortal Travel in Fairy Zi Wei’s hand as she sighed deeply: “I am an old woman with half my body inside the coffin, what honor is there? By refining Fixed Immortal Travel this time, can I really help you to capture that Fang Yuan?”


 Refining Fixed Immortal Travel needed the crucial immortal material, the light of the immemorial era.


 By this era, it could no longer be found by normal Gu Immortals, but Heavenly Court was an exception.


 This was the number one Gu Immortal organization in the world, present since the Remote Antiquity Era, it had been in a leading role throughout history, arrogantly looking down on all five regions.


 Wind Cloud Manor was only a sect under Heavenly Court, but they already had the light of the immemorial era in their inventory, Heavenly Court’s own treasury undoubtedly had more.


 Thus, Granny Sha could rush to refine Fixed Immortal Travel without lacking immortal materials.


 This was the foundation of Heavenly Court after being around for three million years!


 Towards Granny Sha’s question, Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “This is the result of my deduction, I have sixty percent assurance.”


 Surprise flashed across Granny Sha’s eyes: “You and tower lord are wisdom path Gu Immortals on par with one another, with sixty percent assurance, there is a need to try.”


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded lightly: “To speak the truth, I was able to deduce because of luck, as I had gotten some crucial information. Fang Yuan having Fixed Immortal Travel and Spring Autumn Cicada is no longer a secret. Some time ago, we captured a demonic path Gu Immortal, Gong Sun Liang, we learned about the boss who had borrowed Gu from him. Next, we investigated several areas that Fang Yuan might have appeared in, one of them was pot river. At Wind Cloud Manor, Gu Immortal Feng Chan Zi stole the light of the immemorial era from their treasury and sold it to an outsider.”


 “Thus, you deduced that Fang Yuan’s Fixed Immortal Travel has already been destroyed, right?” Granny Sha asked.


 “That was a possibility, but looking at the result, we were right.” Fairy Zi Wei answered.


 “That Fang Yuan has many Immortal Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada has already been sealed, while Fixed Immortal Travel is with us. This way, it is much easier to capture him.” Granny Sha said.


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head, she sighed lightly: “Actually, Fixed Immortal Travel is not a problem. It is merely a rank six Immortal Gu, there are too many ways to deal with it.”


 “That’s right.” Granny Sha agreed: “It is almost impossible to raise Fixed Immortal Travel to rank seven or eight. The light of the immemorial era needed is too much, even in Heavenly Court’s treasury, we can only try to refine the rank seven version three times. As for rank eight Fixed Immortal Travel, it is consigned to history.”


 During the Immemorial Antiquity Era, there was an unlimited amount of light, but now, it was an extinct immortal material.


 But Fixed Immortal Travel required the light of the immemorial era to refine.


 Rank six Fixed Immortal Travel could not transport rank seven Gu Immortals, not to mention rank eights.


 These Gu Immortals had plentiful dao marks in them. To transport them using Fixed Immortal Travel was like asking a baby to carry an elephant.


 Unless there was a Gu Immortal specialized in space path, or if a special immortal killer move was used.


 But such a situation was extremely rare, in general, Fixed Immortal Travel was capped at rank six, even though it had a great effect, it had little use to rank seven and eight Gu Immortals.


 Granny Sha continued: “Actually, in Heavenly Court’s history, we have owned Fixed Immortal Travel multiple times. In most situations, we gave them to the lower sects for use, and because of tribulations and others reasons, they were lost. Once, Fixed Immortal Travel was in the hands of Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Liang Liang, he raised it to rank seven. This person cultivated space path alone, but during the rampage of immemorial desolate beasts, he battled and died, the rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel was destroyed during that time.”


 Rank six Fixed Immortal Travel was treasured by Fang Yuan, but in the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ eyes, it was almost an unnoteworthy object.


 It was unusable, thus in many situations, it was given to the ten ancient sects, so that they could display its greatest worth and control the situation in Central Continent.


 To think that Fang Yuan relied on Fixed Immortal Travel to create so much trouble in the world.


 It was still the same saying —


 There was no strongest Gu worm, only strongest Gu Master (Gu Immortal)!


 The effect of a Gu worm not only depended on the Gu worm itself, the more important reason was the user, the Gu Master.


 Fairy Zi Wei continued: “Rushing to refine Fixed Immortal Travel and sealing Spring Autumn Cicada merely cut Fang Yuan’s wings. The true problem is finding his hiding spot. Now, I will deduce with my full strength and find him in Central Continent. Granny Sha, I will need your help to refine Immortal Gu and restore Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


 Granny Sha nodded and said in a heavy tone: “Tower lord is dead, I couldn’t save him. But I can rebuild Heaven Overseeing Tower, I am sure he would rest in peace behind the door of life and death if he knows this. Goodbye.”


 Granny Sha said this as Fairy Zi Wei summoned another Gu Immortal, Myriad Tidal Dragon.


 “Feng Chan Zi almost made a great blunder through this selfish use of public assets. It seems that Central Continent has been peaceful for too long, the sects are all complacent and rotting, how can such scoundrels be allowed to tarnish the reputation of Heavenly Court? Punish him to guard Hidden Dragon Cave and Di Zang Sheng for twenty years. If that Evil Dragon manages to move even a bit, he would be failing his duties, we will take his life as punishment.” Fairy Zi Wei said as cold light flickered in her eyes.


 Myriad Tidal Dragon nodded as he frowned slightly: “What about Old Man Bei Feng?”


 Feng Chan Zi was Old Man Bei Feng’s grandson, he was very doted on. Most importantly, with Old Man Bei Feng’s accumulated achievements and battle strength potential, he could already rise to Heavenly Court and become one of its members.


 Among the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, not all rank eight Gu Immortals can ascend to Heavenly Court and become members. One had to be exceptional.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled: “If Old Man Bei Feng wants to come to Heavenly Court, I will personally welcome him. But his grandson will now be guarding Hidden Dragon Cave, with Feng Chan Zi’s rank six cultivation level, he cannot deal with it. Since nobody in Heavenly Court is willing to take care of that mess, we will let Old Man Bei Feng handle it.”


 After pausing for a while, Fairy Zi Wei continued: “I called you here today because I deduced many identities of Defy’s members, I want you to go personally and capture a number of them, so that I can get more clues.”


 “Understood.” Myriad Tidal Dragon accepted the order.


 Now that Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was dead, as the only remaining wisdom path great grandmaster, Fairy Zi Wei was tasked to lead Heavenly Court.


 A wisdom path Gu Immortal was most suited for this job.


 Of course, she was only leading Heavenly Court temporarily.


 Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had equal status, not one of the rank eight Gu Immortals had absolute authority, they had to discuss matters between all of them. Unless there was an Immortal Venerable leading them, that would be a different story.


 “Granny Sha is rebuilding Heaven Overseeing Tower.”


 “Myriad Tidal Dragon is outside capturing the members of Defy.”


 “Wei Ling Yang is internally investigating Heavenly Court and modifying our investigative methods, times are different now, we cannot let more traitors come in.”


 “Now, I will go all out to deduce Fang Yuan’s location. We cannot stall this!”


 Thinking of this, Fairy Zi Wei’s brows rose slightly.


 It seemed from the result from her last deduction, that the more she targeted Fang Yuan, the more Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect would cooperate.


 From Heavenly Court’s perspective, Spectral Soul was the main target, they could not rest until he was dead.


 Right now, Spectral Soul’s main body was trapped in Southern Border’s super dream realm. Heavenly Court did not (and could not) act, they could only watch as Spectral Soul died slowly in the dream realm.


 Thus, Heavenly Court’s focus was on Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect’s remnant forces.


 To prevent them from saving Spectral Soul.


 Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, like Zombie Alliance, was already facing the assault of people sent by Fairy Zi Wei. Fang Yuan was her current focus, Fixed Immortal Travel was not an issue, but Spring Autumn Cicada was different.


 If Fang Yuan went back to the past and rewrote history, what would happen?!


 Central Continent, deep in Earth Abyss.


 Ying Wu Xie woke up slowly.


 “What happened? This is...” Ying Wu Xie was in a daze, gradually, clarity returned to his eyes.


 He remembered everything.


 “Damn it, I failed in refining Fixed Immortal Travel! After using my trump card, my luck rose immensely, why did I not succeed? Now, I have lost everything, and my soul’s injury is severe.” Ying Wu Xie had a pale expression as he clenched his fists.


 He was upset, and also lost, he did not know what to do now.


 Suddenly, the surroundings shook, Ying Wu Xie’s super Gu formation started to activate rapidly.


 “Oh no! This is the deduction of a wisdom path great expert, the super Gu formation’s automatic defenses has been activated!” Ying Wu Xie gasped in his mind, his face turned even more pale now, without a trace of rosiness.



***
Chapter 1070 - Sacrifice A Rook To Save The King


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In Central Continent, who would deduce Ying Wu Xie?


 Ying Wu Xie’s first thought was Heavenly Court.


 The number one Gu Immortal force in the world since the Remote Antiquity Era.


 The Heavenly Court that three Demon Venerables could not take down.


 The Heavenly Court that had three generations of Immortal Venerables leading it.


 Even when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world, he did not attempt to attack Heavenly Court.


 The supreme Heavenly Court!


 As the super Gu formation continued to run, resisting the wisdom path deductions of the mysterious great expert, the entire Gu formation was shining in dark eerie light, it was cracking under the pressure.


 “In just a short time, who is it that has made the super Gu formation so overworked? Only Heavenly Court’s wisdom path great expert can do it!” Ying Wu Xie’s expression was pale, his back was covered in sweat.


 After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable died, and he returned to the door of life and death, Shadow Sect had existed, having been developed over a hundred thousand years, achieving its peak due to immaculate planning, but after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the losses were terrible, only some remnant forces were left. Now, Spectral Soul was stuck in the dream realm, only Ying Wu Xie was left as the final hope.


 Ying Wu Xie knew deeply how heavy the burden on him was.


 If he was deduced, without Fixed Immortal Travel to teleport and escape, he would definitely be assaulted by a large number of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, until he died.


 “Never mind if I die, but my main body will fall into a desperate situation. I, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, will die for real! I will become history. I am not resigned to that fate!”


 Ying Wu Xie howled, he struggled to get up.


 He invested his attention and immortal essence into the super Gu formation.


 The Gu formation started to become more stable, the eerie light flowed like water, moving in the formation, the cracking sounds also became softer.


 With a Gu Immortal controlling it, the Gu formation could display a completely different level of power!


 Earlier, this super Gu formation did not have Ying Wu Xie controlling it, but it could still defend against Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions. With Ying Wu Xie’s support, its might rose by more than ten times, the situation was under control.


 But Ying Wu Xie’s situation was becoming worse.


 He had just woken up, his condition was not good.


 Because the Gu refinement failed, and he used his trump card killer move to increase his luck, his soul was severely injured.


 After waking up, he controlled the super Gu formation without rest, he did not even have time to heal his injuries.


 Ying Wu Xie controlled the super Gu formation for a while, he felt dizzy and saw stars in the air, his body was shaking as he almost fainted again.


 “No! This super Gu formation is hard to control, we have to defend against the wisdom path deduction, my mental energy is severely drained, I cannot continue resisting it.”


 Ying Wu Xie’s heart sank.


 “Shi Nu! Hei Lou Lan!” He called, left with no choice, he told these two the secret method to manipulate the super Gu formation and let them control it.


 A while later, he could not endure it anymore, he fainted.


 “Master!” Shi Nu was very loyal, after being able to control the super Gu formation, he found that Ying Wu Xie’s situation was bad and quickly used the Gu formation to heal Ying Wu Xie.


 Hei Lou Lan was in charge of defending against Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction.


 The situation was stable again.


 Ying Wu Xie finally woke up again.


 He was in a better state, once he woke up, he asked: “How long was I unconscious for?”


 Shi Nu replied: “Two days and three nights, master.”


 “Did they stop the deduction?” Ying Wu Xie asked again.


 “Not even once.” Hei Lou Lan transmitted.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression was grim, his heart sunk to rock bottom: “Two days and three nights of deduction without stopping, the other party is indeed a wisdom path great expert of Heavenly Court, their wisdom path attainment can match Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord! Sigh, Heavenly Court...”


 Heavenly Court’s foundation was too deep.


 It had been under the rule of three Immortal Venerables, with countless rank eight Gu Immortals joining throughout history. Shadow Sect had developed for a hundred thousand years, it had a huge force, but compared to Heavenly Court, its foundation was too shallow.


 Shadow Sect had researched for tens of thousands of years, they found an opportunity coincidentally and paid a heavy price to send the traitor Lian Jiu Sheng into Heavenly Court.


 But Lian Jiu Sheng could not get much intel after joining Heavenly Court.


 Most of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were sleeping, they rarely were active.


 However, just the small amount of information obtained, showing a portion of Heavenly Court’s power, made Shadow Sect feel great trepidation.


 The biggest concern was Heavenly Court’s rank nine fate Gu. This Immortal Gu was only damaged during Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s time, it was not completely destroyed.


 Using rank nine fate Gu as the core, the rank nine Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower had incredible might, it could truly oversee everything. Its range of detecting fate escapees spanned over the whole five regions, along with white heaven and black heaven, it was a shocking scope.


 The second concern was that Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven was free from tribulations, seemingly because it had devoured large numbers of fragments of the seven broken immemorial heavens.


 Finally, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had unfathomably deep research regarding immortal apertures. In this regard, even Spectral Soul could only gasp in amazement.


 Any rank eight Gu Immortal who joins Heavenly Court would first have to contribute their immortal aperture, and combine it into Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven. When they go outside of Heavenly Court, they would be given a mystical phantom aperture for storing immortal essence and Gu worms.


 This method was among the deepest secrets of Heavenly Court, it was the work of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable! After rank eight Gu Immortals fuse their immortal apertures into Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven, they would be free from tribulations, they could also sleep and slow down the loss of their lifespan.


 Heavenly Court was created three million years ago during the Remote Antiquity Era. By now, it had the grotto-heavens of three Immortal Venerables, along with countless rank eight Gu Immortals’ grotto-heavens, they were all fused into Heavenly Court.


 Thus, the size of Heavenly Court’s grotto-heaven was unbelievable, the amount of resources in immortal materials inside was immeasurable. With just these resources, Heavenly Court was self-sufficient, it did not need anything from the five regions.


 It was unknown just how many rank eight Gu Immortals were sleeping inside Heavenly Court, or even how many members there actually were in Heavenly Court.


 But just by thinking about it, one could understand the terrifying might lurking in Heavenly Court.


 However, since ancient times, lifespan Gu had been the traditional way to gain lifespan. For the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to use sleep to extend their lives, there was definitely a drawback. But Lian Jiu Sheng had never uncovered what this drawback was, it was among Spectral Soul’s greatest regrets.


 Compared to Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect with a hundred thousand years of foundation was too weak. Shadow Sect was like an iceberg, Zombie Alliance, which was scattered over all five regions, was just the tip of the iceberg. Old Man Yan Shi, Bo Qing, and Purple Mountain True Monarch, were hidden under the iceberg. As for Heavenly Court, it was the sea that carried the iceberg. The sea was unfathomably deep, even though the iceberg floated on the sea, nobody knew what was hiding inside the sea, or what ferocious creatures were dwelling below. Maybe the Gu Immortals were already dead, but nobody knew the truth, and they were not going to find out either.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Lian Jiu Sheng, Bi Chen Tian, Fairy Zi Wei, Granny Sha, they were all rank eight Gu Immortals who joined Heavenly Court in the last thousands of years. The depths of the sea was not explored yet, these were just huge waves on the surface.


 “Master, what do we do now?” Shi Nu asked.


 Ying Wu Xie fell into deep contemplation.


 He racked his brains, thinking hard!


 At the moment, Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction was like a long spear forcing Ying Wu Xie and the rest to raise their shield and defend against (the super Gu formation). Even though it was powerful and could block Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction, this way, by controlling the super Gu formation, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were restricted from doing anything else.


 And just defending themselves was too passive, they were going to lose eventually, it was not a wise decision.


 “Heavenly Court targeted me not only to deal with Shadow Sect, but also because they want to pursue Fang Yuan. My body is originally Fang Yuan’s, in a way, I am shielding him from this disaster.”


 “It is very strange that I failed to refine Fixed Immortal Travel this time. I had ten chances and extremely high luck in the final one. Even if my luck was split, the chances of success are still very high. Fang Yuan could succeed his refinement even in that situation. My situation was far better than his, yet I still failed. I am afraid Fixed Immortal Travel has already been refined by someone. If that is so, it is likely Heavenly Court!”


 At this time, over in Lang Ya blessed land, the traitor Sixth Hair had already sent a letter of apology to Ying Wu Xie.


 Thus, Ying Wu Xie had a clear understanding of Fang Yuan’s situation.


 “It seems I can only sacrifice a rook to save the king.” Ying Wu Xie had a resolute expression.


 He decided to abandon his subordinates to obtain a chance to escape.


 Using the super Gu formation, his aura could be concealed for some time, Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions would be drawn to the super Gu formation.


 This way, Ying Wu Xie could escape in the meantime, going through the regional walls and leaving Central Continent.


 Central Continent was a tiger’s den, there were too few remnant forces of Shadow Sect. Leaving this place and going to any of the other four regions would be a huge help to Ying Wu Xie.


 “I failed to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, but I am only a rank six bottom-tier immortal zombie, it is far easier for me to pass the regional walls compared to rank sevens and eights. Now, I can only work hard to travel the four regions and gather my remnant forces. Even if Heavenly Court has the rank six Fixed Immortal Travel, those rank eight Gu Immortals cannot use it. Heaven Overseeing Tower has been destroyed, they cannot locate me as well.”


 “I can only abandon this place. And to control the Gu formation, at least two rank sixes or one rank seven are needed...”


 Ying Wu Xie thought about it and decided to give up on Shi Nu, bringing Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan with him.


 The loyalty of these three was not an issue, especially Hei Lou Lan, followed by Shi Nu,and finally, Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The more important reason was that he had to pass the regional walls many times. The lower the cultivation level, the better it was when going through them. Shi Nu’s rank seven cultivation level was a burden instead.


 Ying Wu Xie made his decision and executed it.


 Shi Nu had no objections, he was utterly loyal, he even passed all of his accumulated Gu worms and the rockman tribe in his immortal aperture to Ying Wu Xie completely.


 Ying Wu Xie’s immortal aperture was a dead land, he kept the Gu worms while passing the rockman tribe to Hei Lou Lan, letting them live in her immortal aperture.


 Bringing Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, with Shi Nu left to draw the attention, Ying Wu Xie retreated, his target was the closest regional wall.



***
Chapter 1071 - Selling Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom boom boom!


 Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled, rocks were sent flying.


 Within the dust cloud, Ying Wu Xie opened his mouth, growling.


 His growl could not be heard by ears, but the three Central Continent Gu Immortals attacking them shook, their souls were also shaking intensely.


 “Oh no! This is a soul path immortal killer move!”


 The three Central Continent Gu Immortals quickly put up their defenses.


 “Retreat!” Using this prime opportunity, Ying Wu Xie called this out as he led Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan to fly away.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals soon regained their senses, but Ying Wu Xie and the rest were nowhere to be seen.


 “What soul path killer move is this? Amazing! At that moment, I felt that my soul was going to dissipate from the tremors alone.”


 “These three Gu Immortals are from Northern Plains based on their aura. They are so secretive and mysterious, who are they?”


 “They actually appeared in Earth Abyss, the territory of our Ancient Soul Sect. Are they related to the giant cave-in that happened earlier?”


 The three Central Continent Gu Immortals had grim expressions as they communicated while healing their injuries.


 “I have already sent this information to the sect, we are sending reinforcements now.”


 “Chase! They are all hit by my immortal killer move, I can sense them, they cannot escape!”


 The three Central Continent Gu Immortals stabilized their injuries and quickly chased after them.


 After chasing them for a while, the sensation vanished.


 The leading Central Continent Gu Immortal was troubled: “Strange! My immortal killer move was created several years ago, it can trace people, few know about it. How did they dispel it?”


 “There are many types of Immortal Gu, through different combinations, killer moves are created. Gu Immortals have many different methods, they are uncountable in number. Maybe the other party happened to have a way to counter your immortal killer move.”


 “This is possible but unlikely. In my opinion, it might not be dispelled, but only temporarily suppressed! Maybe they used a certain method to conceal themselves.”


 The leader of the three immortals said: “We chased them here, but the immortal killer move’s connection vanished, there must be a reason. Did they enter someone else’s immortal aperture?”


 An immortal aperture was a small world independent of the five regions and nine heavens.


 When fate escapees live in blessed lands and grotto-heavens, they can avoid Heaven Overseeing Tower’s detection. If Ying Wu Xie, who was hit, entered someone else’s immortal aperture, the investigative method of the leader of the three immortals would not work.


 But entering someone else’s immortal aperture was very rare in the Gu Immortal world.


 Firstly, the immortal aperture was extremely important in a Gu Immortal’s cultivation, few would allow others inside. Secondly, there was a drawback to this. The immortal apertures of Gu Immortals had their respective dao marks. By entering another person’s immortal aperture, their dao marks would clash, they would interfere with, obstruct, or even reject and consume each other. The actual expenditure would depend on the situation itself.


 Normally speaking, a larger aperture storing a smaller one was more stable. Even if a smaller one was storing a bigger one, as long as their strengths were not far apart, the immortal aperture could contain Gu Immortals. But they would suffer losses in one way or another.


 If the immortal aperture was placed outside and was connected to the heaven and earth qi, they would be a part of the five regions’ world. The immortal aperture would be far more stable, and could contain much more, or even higher cultivation level Gu Immortals.


 If the person entering the immortal aperture had too high of a cultivation level and too many dao marks, they might cause the immortal aperture to detonate. Like the fragment worlds of the immemorial nine heavens, only people of a certain cultivation level could explore it. If they were too strong, they could not enter, forcefully going in would just destroy the small world.


 There was also a special situation, it was regarding apertures of immortal zombies. Everyone knew that an immortal zombie’s immortal aperture was a dead land, the time inside was the same as the outside world, and the space inside was constantly crumbling, it could be seen as the dao marks in the immortal aperture breaking apart, it was the process where they returned to the body.


 Thus, even if an immortal zombie’s dead aperture enters a Gu Immortal, there would not be any dao mark resistance, the only problem would be that the dead land would crumble more quickly, and the dao marks would return to the zombie body at a faster rate.


 The leader of the three immortals had anticipated this situation, thus, he made Ying Wu Xie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Hei Lou Lan all afflicted by his immortal killer move. No matter who entered which immortal aperture, one person would be left, they would be detected.


 The leader of the three immortals suddenly had a thought: “Don’t tell me, someone placed their immortal aperture while the other two entered the immortal aperture along with them?”


 “It is easy for a Gu Immortal to regather their immortal aperture, but placing it down takes time, there would be a commotion. How can they do it so quickly without making a disturbance? But... Gu Immortals have countless methods, there are all sorts of geniuses in this world, they might have a certain method to quickly place down the immortal aperture?”


 This Central Continent Gu Immortal thought a lot, but could not discern anything relevant.


 But this did not affect his actions.


 “My connection was severed here, rather than chasing them endlessly, I should stay here and investigate, maintaining the area and letting our wisdom path Gu Immortals in the sect deduce.” The Central Continent Gu Immortal said.


 His suggestion was well received, the other two nodded without objecting.


 “They are not leaving, it seems they are staying here.” Inside the super Gu formation, Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked outside and sighed.


 “These three rank seven Gu Immortals are from Ancient Soul Sect, sent here to investigate the huge cave-in. Master, it was fortunate that you could escape. Please heal your injuries.” Shi Nu urged.


 Hei Lou Lan sank into silence.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression was very ugly, he said in a hoarse voice: “To think that three Gu Immortals are waiting here for me!”


 He had decided to make a sacrifice to protect his major interests, but to think that shortly after leaving, these three Ancient Soul Sect Gu Immortals appeared and fought with them, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were outmatched, they could only return to the super Gu formation.


 With the concealment of the super Gu formation, the immortal killer move that was used on Hei Lou Lan and the others became temporarily ineffective.


 The three rank seven Gu Immortals from Ancient Soul Sect were flying above the super Gu formation, but because the super Gu formation was extraordinary, it not only concealed them but also concealed all their aura, being in phantom form, it did not have any physical state, the three Central Continent Gu Immortals could not detect anything.


 “What do we do now?” Hei Lou Lan thought to herself, looking at Ying Wu Xie with an inquisitive gaze.


 Ying Wu Xie turned his face around, his gaze flickered uncertainly, after thinking about it, he made up his mind, he gritted his teeth: “In this desperate situation, I can only do this!”


 A moment later, in treasure yellow heaven.


 One pillar of treasure light shot into the sky, it was thick and large, attracting countless gazes the moment it appeared.


 “What kind of treasure can lead to such amazing treasure light?!”


 “Immortal Gu, it’s an immortal Gu!”


 “Someone is using treasure yellow heaven to transport Immortal Gu again? So extravagant.”


 Countless wills and Gu Immortals who happened to be around were talking about it. This familiar scene made them think of earlier, when Lang Ya land spirit used treasure yellow heaven to send Fang Yuan his sword path Immortal Gu.


 But soon, the commotion exploded among the people.


 The Gu Immortal’s will publicly announced: This Immortal Gu was to be sold openly, anyone could buy it, but they had to use Immortal Gu to exchange for it, or collect enough immortal materials provided in the list to trade.


 All of the Gu Immortals were shaken!


 Exchanging Immortal Gu for Immortal Gu was normal, it was also nearly the only way of transacting Immortal Gu.


 But to think that this transaction could also be done using immortal materials.


 This was shocking and surprising.


 At once, the whole of treasure yellow heaven went into chaos!


 Central Continent, Eastern Sea, Western Desert, Northern Plains, Southern Border, Gu Immortals from all five regions revealed deep interest towards this Immortal Gu.


 Especially when they realized that the immortal materials on the list were not absurd. As long as they collected the immortal materials and exchanged for this Immortal Gu, they would profit without fail!


 As time passed, a sudden Immortal Gu transaction caused a huge commotion in treasure yellow heaven.


 More and more Gu Immortals heard about this and placed their attention here, asking for the price.


 The price was very fair, countless Gu Immortals were moved.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled coldly as he saw this.


 The seller of the Immortal Gu was none other than him.


 Immortal Gu were usually not sold, because refining Gu was hard, and Immortal Gu were unique, even a hundred portions of immortal materials might not successfully refine the Gu.


 But Ying Wu Xie was forced to his wits’ end, he had no choice but to choose to sell Immortal Gu.


 He had immortal killer moves and Immortal Gu recipes in his mind, they were all given to him by Spectral Soul’s will within the red lotus in the river of time.


 Because the will carried in Spring Autumn Cicada was limited, this information was chosen carefully and given to Ying Wu Xie. All of it was precious and had great value.


 He could not sell these, they were all useful in saving his main body. If they were sold, his secrets would be exposed, they could not be sold.


 He could not sell these things, and his cultivation resources had been exchanged for immortal materials, which were used up when refining Fixed Immortal Travel. Then, Ying Wu Xie had only one choice left, that was to sell Immortal Gu.


 He had quite a number of Immortal Gu.


 They were mostly from Fang Yuan.


 He was selling one of Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu, iron crown eagle strength Gu.


 In the current Gu Immortal world, even though strength path Gu Immortals were rare, this Immortal Gu still drew a lot of attention. Because its price was not high, many rank six Gu Immortals without Immortal Gu could bear the cost.


 “As I expected! By selling this iron crown eagle strength Gu first to cause a commotion, I can raise the prices later when I sell other Immortal Gu!” Ying Wu Xie snickered internally.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 “Fairy Zi Wei, do you know about the situation in treasure yellow heaven?” Granny Sha used Gu worms to transmit and ask Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei had been trying to deduce the location of ‘Fang Yuan’.


 But she did not know that Fang Yuan’s soul and body were separated.


 Most of her deductions were focused on Ying Wu Xie, who was closest to her. Fang Yuan was inside Lang Ya blessed land, and they were separated by two regional walls, her capability in deducing him was minimal.


 After getting Granny Sha’s reminder, Fairy Zi Wei smiled, stopping her deduction: “Selling iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven? And he wants to use space path Immortal Gu like Fixed Immortal Travel in exchange? It seems that Fang Yuan has been pushed into a corner, he has no choice but to do this.”


 “It is a pity... if it were anyone else, treasure yellow heaven cannot be disrupted. But Heavenly Court is an exception. Open the treasury, I am going to make a transaction with treasure yellow heaven’s heavenly spirit!”


 Treasure yellow heaven’s heavenly spirit was extremely proud and rarely showed itself. It ignored even Heavenly Court and had once resigned itself to death rather than giving in to a venerable’s threat, making them helpless.


 The huge Heavenly Court could not force treasure yellow heaven to stop Ying Wu Xie from making transactions, that was impossible.


 But Fairy Zi Wei was very confident in this.



***
Chapter 1072 - New Shang Clan Leader


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 Shang Liang Mountain.


 The sun was high in the sky, shining brilliantly. There were lots of people on Shang Liang Mountain, the atmosphere was lively.


 Rank four peak stage Gu Master Shang Bu Li stood at the mountain peak, attracting almost everyone’s attention.


 Even though Shang Bu Li was an experienced veteran, at this moment, he was feeling anxious.


 Because right now was Shang clan’s ceremony, it had huge significance. All sorts of people were attending, Tie clan, Yi clan, Wu clan, Hou clan, and all the other representatives of Southern Border’s super forces, even experts from the demonic path and lone cultivators were here. The elites of Southern Border were all gathered for this, it was a grand event.


 Shang clan was different from the other super forces, that was because of Shang clan’s battle stage policy. The other super forces’ battle stages were meant for their clansmen, while Shang clan’s battle stage could also take in demonic cultivators and lone cultivators.


 Shang clan’s foundation was in trading, its main base was Shang Liang Mountain. Deals could be made with anyone, it was the biggest connector of the righteous path, demonic path, and lone cultivators.


 This was not just among the Gu Masters, the same applied to the Gu Immortal world.


 Shang clan’s Gu Immortals were usually the middlemen of righteous path and demonic path transactions.


 Seeing that Shang Bu Li appeared, the countless Gu Masters on Shang Liang Mountain realized that this ceremony of Shang clan was about to begin.


 The entirety of Shang Liang Mountain became quiet, Shang Bu Li felt his pressure intensifying.


 He took in a deep breath, he forced himself to calm down as he declared loudly: “Shang clan leader’s succession ceremony, begin—!”


 At the next moment, grand music was played, countless birds and peacocks flew around, golden flowers were raining down from the sky, it was a glorious scene.


 From the interior of Shang Liang Mountain, a long clear rainbow road extended outwards.


 A splendidly dressed girl walked on the clear rainbow road, appearing in front of everyone.


 She had silky jet black hair draping over her shoulders. Her eyebrows were thin like smoke, her eyes as clear as the moon. Her skin was snow-white, and her hair was tied up, wearing a beautiful dress, she walked slowly.


 It was Shang Xin Ci.


 At once, countless Gu Masters held their breaths.


 “So beautiful!”


 “This is Shang clan’s next clan leader?”


 “This woman is so beautiful, she is truly like a fairy. Who is she?”


 Everyone was discussing and clamoring. But these noises were all drowned by the elegant music that was being played.


 The esteemed guests on the mountain peak from all the super forces, as well as experts from the demonic path and lone cultivators, were all looking at Shang Xin Ci as she walked in, transmitting their thoughts to each other.


 “This woman is Shang Yan Fei’s illegitimate daughter. She does not have high reputation, her aptitude is low, and her cultivation level is also low. But in the end, she actually became Shang clan’s new clan leader! Fate truly toys with people, incredible, incredible.”


 “During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, countless heroes and conquerors died, the forces in Southern Border were all heavily affected, much of the power balance shifted. And Yi Tian Mountain has also become among Southern Border’s greatest mysteries after that battle.”


 ...


 Shang Xin Ci slowly walked on the clear rainbow road.


 Under everyone’s watchful gazes, her clothes fluttered in the air, she ascended slowly, walking towards the sky from Shang Liang Mountain’s peak.


 Clouds gathered in the sky, light was shining brightly, gathering into a throne.


 Everyone raised their heads to watch, Shang Xin Ci had an unmatched and elegant disposition right now.


 “Today, in Southern Border’s Gu Master world, you are the sole main character.” Shang Qing Qing muttered, as a senior female immortal of Shang clan, she was the one who singlehandedly supported Shang Xin Ci to become the leader of Shang clan.


 Shang Xin Ci became Shang clan leader, in order to prevent any chaos, Shang Qing Qing had concealed herself and watched in the background to control the situation.


 “After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Southern Border has fallen into its biggest commotion in several hundred years. Can this girl really lead Shang clan and maintain stability, or even expand?” Shang Tan Mo asked.


 He had the appearance of a youth, he wore a blue robe and was skinny, he was looking at Shang Xin Ci with a deep gaze of doubt and inquisitiveness.


 Shang Qing Qing smiled: “All of the generations of clan leaders were nurtured through gaining experience. The reason why I chose Shang Xin Ci is not because of her ability, but her heart and magnanimity. Her characteristics are an advantage that gives her an unspeakable charisma, it is extremely rare in the current world. Look at the mountain peak, her subordinates are all tearing up from joy, they are so loyal and trusting towards Shang Xin Ci. But actually, these people that she took in had varied backgrounds, they were a chaotic bunch but now they are all on the same side.”


 “Oh?” Shang Tan Mo heard this and was moved, he knew that Shang Qing Qing chose this girl to be the clan leader not just because of her personality, but because she had also made some observations and considerations over time.


 He followed Shang Qing Qing’s indication and looked down.


 “To think that my lady would become Shang clan leader one day. Sob sob sob... Missy, we finally did it.” Xiao Die was weeping in happiness, she was Shang Xin Ci’s trusted servant, when they were in Zhang clan, they were inseparable. She followed her in the caravan, to Shang clan city, they had gone through thick and thin, her loyalty was unmatched.


 “Master, if you learn about this inside the door of life and death, you must be very happy. Young miss is completely different from your other children, she can definitely give a new future to Shang clan.” The servant Xiao Lan had teary eyes. She was an orphan, adopted by Shang Yan Fei when she was young, she was capable and was given to Shang Xin Ci by Shang Yan Fei. Now that Shang Yan Fei died on Yi Tian Mountain, her loyalty towards Shang Yan Fei was all transferred to Shang Xin Ci.


 Zhou Quan was silent.


 He was Zhou clan’s leader, he had an arrogant attitude and thought highly of himself. After Zhou clan was destroyed, he was a vagrant, surviving by opening a shop in Shang clan inner city. Afterwards, Fang Yuan forced him to go under Shang Xin Ci as a subordinate.


 Seeing that Shang Xin Ci was sitting down on the cloud throne, Zhou Quan’s gaze was in a daze.


 At this moment, he thought of Fang Yuan, a complex smile appeared on his face: “Black and white demons, should I be thanking you? Now that the young miss is Shang clan leader, my Zhou clan has hope to rise up again!”


 But soon, Zhou Quan thought again: “No, reviving the clan will have to wait. Even though the young miss is a clan leader, the internal threats are huge, her situation is not stable. How can I leave her now when she needs the help of her subordinates the most?”


 Zhou Quan was not overwhelmed by this huge ceremony.


 He looked around at Shang Bu Li and Wan Qian Shan.


 When Shang Yan Fei was Shang clan leader, he had five capable subordinates, they were called the five great generals of Shang clan. After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, among the five great generals of Shang clan, only two were left, they were Shang Bu Li and Wan Qian Shan.


 The former controlled Shang clan’s slave trade, while the latter was in charge of resource gathering, like mining, herb gathering, hunting, and others.


 The one with Shang surname was the representative of Shang clan. The other with Wan surname was an external elder, he represented the benefits of Shang clan’s external Gu Masters.


 “With these two experts, young miss’ internal situation in Shang clan is truly bad, she is weak while they are strong. There is even a possibility that they could make her a puppet leader by taking over secretly. Young miss’ status makes her unable to obtain the support of every clansman, she is an illegitimate daughter after all.”


 “The internal problems are alarming, but the external problems are worse, danger is lurking everywhere. In the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, too many leaders and experts died, everything is changing, resources without owners are being contested for again! Young miss has too few resources available, be it human resources or actual goods, compared to her siblings. And she also has to deal with affairs outside the clan?”


 “And at this critical moment, Lady Wei is leaving her too!”


 Thinking of this, Zhou Quan looked at the female Gu Master beside him, Wei De Xin, feeling very unhappy.


 He was the chief steward of Shang Xin Ci, he knew a lot of information.


 Wei De Xin was the wife of Wei clan leader, she was skilled at training guards, and was pregnant, her motive was to protect her husband’s only bloodline. Because Fang Yuan targeted her weakness, threatening her, she eventually went over to Shang Xin Ci’s side, and helped her nurture a band of elite guards. At the same time, she became the leader of Shang Xin Ci’s guards.


 But now, she had already given birth, she had successfully carried on her husband’s bloodline. Because she was always out in the open, her brother Wei Shen Jing found out. He sent a letter and urged Wei De Xin to go and serve Wu clan with him.


 Wei De Xin was moved, after all, she was not loyal to Shang Xin Ci, she was threatened by Fang Yuan and had no choice back then.


 But Zhou Quan did not know that, while he was worrying about the situation, Wei De Xin was also very worried. 

 Zhou Quan was once the leader of a clan, he had a good perspective of the big picture. Wei De Xin was the same, she was a clan leader’s wife, she could see further than Xiao Lan and Xiao Die.


 “Shang Yan Fei is already dead, my enmity with Shang clan has faded.”


 “Even though I was forced by the black demon back then, and had to serve the young miss, after this long period of time, I have come to understand her.”


 “Young miss is... a good person. There are too few good people in this world.”


 “Little brother, I will have to disappoint you, I cannot go to help you!”


 “You are a hidden elder in Wu clan, even though you are ostracized, your life is safe. But here with young miss, danger lurks everywhere.”


 Wei De Xin sighed internally.


 “But no matter what, as the young miss’ steward, I need to think for her sake. Right now, she needs manpower, the three demonic path brothers, Xiong Tu, Xiong Huo, and Xiong Feng, must stay, we cannot let them leave.” Zhou Quan looked at three people as brilliance flashed in his eyes.


 “No matter what, as the young miss’ personal guard, I need to think in her interests. Shang Yan Fei is dead, Shang clan only has two generals left, we need to prevent them from making her a figurehead, we need to draw in new blood. Xiao Yan... is a great choice! Not only does he have outstanding battle strength, he idolizes Wei Yang. Because of the black and white demons, Wei Yang had a good relationship with young miss, and Xiao Yan was also close to them.” Wei De Xin looked at Xiao Yan who was among the crowd as she planned.


 In the sky, Shang Xin Ci began to speak publicly for the first time, her speech was succinct, but there was deep meaning in it, people were pondering over it.


 This was not prepared by her of course, Wei De Xin and Zhou Quan had written her script.


 After the speech ended, a huge wave of applause and cheers erupted, Shang Xin Ci slowly left the center of attention.


 But the succession ceremony was not over yet, what followed would be a day and night of celebration, wine and food with songs playing, to sweep away the sadness and dejection from all the heroes’ deaths.


 After vanishing from the sky, Shang Xin Ci directly appeared in the inner city’s mansion.


 “So tired...” With no one watching her, she relaxed as she felt deep fatigue in her mind.


 But she knew that now was not the time to rest, she used her Gu worms to summon her aides.


 Xiao Lan, Xiao Die, Wei De Xin, Zhou Quan, Xiong Tu, Xiong Huo, and Xiong Feng.


 Shang Xin Ci had arrangements to make.


 Ye Fan walked on the road, his eyes were shining brilliantly, he walked with an imposing aura.


 Ever since he defended Shang Xin Ci while refusing to retreat in danger, he obtained the female immortal Shang Qing Qing’s approval, he was given a superb inheritance and many Gu worms.


 Ye Fan was troubled because he had no cultivation guidance, after getting this inheritance, his horizons expanded, he no longer lacked Gu worms, his future was bright.


 He was considered Shang Xin Ci’s life benefactor, he could enter her mansion without anyone stopping him.


 “To think that Lady Xin Ci became Shang clan leader... but it will not be easy as a clan leader, not to mention the leader of Shang clan. How can I, Ye Fan, abandon her?”


 Thinking of Shang Xin Ci, Ye Fan’s heart beat quickly.


 He was developing feelings for Shang Xin Ci, but he did not know what she felt about him.


 He knew that Shang Xin Ci was inside her mansion, he came without an invitation.


 Close, he was close.


 The final door was right in front of him.


 He could see Lady Xin Ci again...


 Ye Fan’s footsteps became faster!


 He stood at the door, he straightened his back as he patted his clothes, he was about to knock.


 He heard Shang Xin Ci voice from inside: “Everyone listen to me, after becoming clan leader, there is one thing I want to do first. This has been weighing in my heart for a long time. I want to use Shang clan’s power to remove black demon, brother Fang Zheng’s, arrest warrant! Of course... that includes sister white demon as well.”


 Ye Fan was dazed, his finger that was going to knock on the door froze in the air.


 Shang Xin Ci was talking to her subordinates, while Shang Qing Qing and the other Gu Immortals were discussing Southern Border’s matters in Living Treasure blessed land.


 Living Treasure blessed land was Shang clan’s public blessed land, their base camp, it was situated in the main world of Southern Border, it was very stable and could allow Gu Immortals to go in.


 The door of this blessed land was the living treasure door, its favorite activity was digging its nose.


 “The battle of Yi Tian Mountain has ended, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world will be in turmoil and unrest for the next few decades.” Shang clan’s first supreme elder spoke.


 He looked around, continuing: “Right now, our clan has three matters.”


 “First, Zombie Alliance have vanished mysteriously over the five regions, the same goes for Southern Border’s Zombie Alliance branch. They occupied many resources, Shang clan can take them over.”


 “Second, Yi Tian Mountain has been covered by the giant dream realm. Us righteous path forces are joining up and blockading this place, doing research while preventing demonic path or lone immortals in.”


 “Third, Yi Tian Mountain’s shocking gambling contest ended without result, but there are huge amounts of cultivation resources left inside treasure yellow heaven. The sole participant of this gambling contest who is still alive, Gu Immortal Gua Lao, is the only person to inherit the resources. We have to take control of him!”


 Shang clan’s Gu Immortals all nodded. The three matters mentioned by first supreme elder were the biggest matters in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world now, countless people were concerned.


 “I have been paying attention to treasure yellow heaven, to speak the truth...” Shang Qing Qing was about to speak, when suddenly her expression changed, she said in shock: “What happened? Treasure yellow heaven closed!”



***
Chapter 1073 - Wisdom is Hard to Use


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Treasure yellow heaven came from Daoist Countless Treasures.


 In the Medieval Antiquity Era, a rank eight Gu Immortal, known as Daoist Countless Treasures, acquired a fragment of yellow heaven by chance. He fused the fragment into his grotto-heaven, and formed treasure yellow heaven.


 After a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture absorbs a fragment of the immemorial nine heavens, it would be placed in the outside world of the five regions, and could not be moved anymore.


 Treasure yellow heaven was the same, ever since it was placed in its location three hundred thousand years ago, it had not moved.


 But where was treasure yellow heaven’s exact location? This was a huge mystery, people did not know. Wisdom path Gu Immortals had tried to deduce it over the years without finding the answer.


 Treasure yellow heaven’s original owner was Daoist Countless Treasures. After him, there were no successors.


 Even the many Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables could not find the exact location of treasure yellow heaven.


 “Treasure yellow heaven has existed until today, it is the number one open market in the five regions’ Gu Immortal world. Why did it close suddenly?” Shang clan’s Gu Immortals were shocked and suspicious.


 Every since Daoist Countless Treasures created treasure yellow heaven, it had been open for three hundred thousand years, it had unknowingly become the biggest help towards Gu Immortals’ cultivation, it had an important place in the mind of every Gu Immortal.


 For the longest time, Gu Immortals had gotten used to the existence of treasure yellow heaven. Now that it was closed, everyone was caught off guard.


 “Why do you think that treasure yellow heaven closed suddenly?”


 “Oh no, we are after the resources gambled in Yi Tian Mountain, now that it is closed, that huge bet is stuck in treasure yellow heaven.”


 “Don’t tell me, treasure yellow heaven’s heavenly spirit is trying to steal this huge amount?”


 Shang clan’s first supreme elder shook his head, he denied that idea: “Treasure yellow heaven’s heavenly spirit does not care about that bet, if it was corrupt, treasure yellow heaven would not have its reputation and status. There had never been a case of corruption in treasure yellow heaven in history. But regarding the closing of treasure yellow heaven, there have been a few instances.”


 “Is that so? We would like to know.” Shang Qing Qing quickly asked.


 Shang clan’s first supreme elder spoke slowly, revealing a secret.


 As it turned out, there were some instances recorded of treasure yellow heaven closing in history, they were due to the same reason.


 It involved fragments of immemorial yellow heaven.


 The immemorial nine heavens were red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple, white and black. Right now, only white heaven and black heaven remained. Yellow heaven had shattered long ago.


 Back then, Daoist Countless Treasures knew that he could not survive a coming tribulation, he used his own immortal aperture to absorb a small fragment world of immemorial yellow heaven, forming treasure yellow heaven. Even though he was trapped inside treasure yellow heaven and lost his freedom, he no longer faced any tribulations.


 After treasure yellow heaven absorbed the immemorial yellow heaven fragment, it could only continue to expand by absorbing other yellow heaven fragments.


 There were several transactions recorded in history.


 Certain people had sold a fragment world of immemorial yellow heaven to treasure yellow heaven’s heavenly spirit.


 After the heavenly spirit obtained it, it closed treasure yellow heaven and focused on absorbing the yellow heaven fragment to expand itself.


 “This time, if there are no unexpected surprises, should also be this case.” Shang clan first supreme elder finally surmised.


 He was right.


 In this world, it might be that the only thing that could move treasure yellow heaven’s heavenly spirit were yellow heaven fragments.


 The immemorial nine heavens had shattered long ago, yellow heaven fragments were nearly non-existent at this point. Only those with immense luck and opportunities could obtain them.


 But Heavenly Court had a long history, its treasury was beyond imagination. It could take out a fragment of immemorial yellow heaven, and the size was quite large too.


 If the amount was little, treasure yellow heaven’s heavenly spirit would not need to close treasure yellow heaven, it could absorb the fragment easily.


 Now, treasure yellow heaven closed, the yellow heaven fragment had to be so huge that the heavenly spirit had no choice but to focus entirely on the absorption.


 Treasure yellow heaven had been impartial all along, it did not side with anyone, it was mysterious and Heavenly Court could do nothing to it.


 If Heavenly Court asked the heavenly spirit to reject Ying Wu Xie’s transactions openly.


 The heavenly spirit would not respond to them, and Gu Immortals from the other four regions would not care either. With the five regional walls, Heavenly Court’s influence and control was mostly limited to Central Continent.


 But Heavenly Court was extremely affluent, it tossed out one large yellow heaven fragment. This way, Ying Wu Xie’s plan to save himself was thwarted!


 “Damn it! Heavenly Court actually did this!” Ying Wu Xie’s face was ruthless, he clenched his fists, veins were popping, he was gritting his teeth until a grinding sound could be heard.


 He was furious, but with the heavy handed method used by Heavenly Court, he could not do anything but watch helplessly.


 Guh.


 Suddenly, Ying Wu Xie felt a rush of blood as he spat it out, falling backwards.


 Hatred and anger filled his heart, other than that, he also felt bone-chilling coldness.


 Heavenly Court directly sold the yellow heaven fragment cheaply, they were paying such a huge price to eliminate Ying Wu Xie, this showed their firm determination in this aspect.


 It was a desperate situation!


 Heavenly Court’s move had blocked Ying Wu Xie’s final way out.


 They were too ruthless.


 Without treasure yellow heaven, even if Ying Wu Xie wanted to sell Immortal Gu, they were stuck with him.


 And even more disgustingly, his Immortal Gu Iron Crown Eagle Strength was still stuck inside.


 Without the immortal materials from transactions, how can he continue to refine Gu?


 One couldn’t cook a meal without the ingredients, without Immortal Gu, how could he get out of this situation?


 Treasure yellow heaven closed, the heavenly spirit was absorbing the yellow heaven fragment, this was not going to end quickly. In history, the shortest period was just over two months.


 There was no way out!


 He could only allow Heavenly Court to deduce while he and the rest defended and stalled for time, until finally, strong foes came to find them personally, and they failed to resist them.


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance had changed, he became an immortal zombie again.


 He had once modified nirvana fire and created a strength path immortal killer move to alternate between life and death. He could be a living Gu Immortal, or a dead immortal zombie.


 But now, he was not using this method.


 His strength path Immortal Gu were all lost, he could not use that strength path killer move.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was simple, his soul flew out and left his body, entering the corpse of a strength path immortal zombie.


 The corpses of these strength path immortal zombies came from Blazing Heaven Demoness. After rebirth, Fang Yuan had still asked for these to make preparation for the life-and-death immortal aperture as a failsafe, he had obtained many strength path immortal zombies from Blazing Heaven Demoness.


 These bodies were all placed in Star Form blessed land. After Yi Tian Mountain, he had gotten them back from Lang Ya land spirit.


 Other than these immortal zombie bodies, there were also large amounts of precious immortal materials.


 Most of the quasi-rank nine immortal materials were obtained from the Gu formation in Earth Trench. Some of the rank seven and eight immortal materials were picked up from Falling Heavenly River. He had benefited greatly from Bo Qing’s awakening, when his sword lights traversed Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan did not have much immortal essence or immortal essence stones, but he did not lack Gu refinement materials. But the value of these immortal materials were too high, it was inappropriate to use them now.


 Immortal materials were not the key point, wisdom Gu was more important.


 Fang Yuan was staring at wisdom Gu for a long time, but it did not move at all, let alone emit the light of wisdom.


 “Using other immortal zombie bodies in place of myself did not work. I cannot draw out the light of wisdom.”


 Fang Yuan was not surprised at this.


 He had already made similar experiments long ago in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Wisdom Gu had never been refined by Fang Yuan, he had only made an agreement with it back then because of the winds of assimilation.


 Survival was the instinct of all living beings.


 But wisdom Gu seemed to only respond to Fang Yuan as a whole. His body and soul were both needed to draw out the light of wisdom. If one was missing, if he only had his soul and not his body, it would not work.


 “That means, the most direct way is to just take back my original body?” Fang Yuan thought.


 His original body was still an immortal zombie.


 There was no need to change anything, it was suitable to bathe in the light of wisdom.


 But this method, although it would work, was impractical.


 “Ying Wu Xie has already vanished... he could possibly have Spring Autumn Cicada, Fixed Immortal Travel, and other Immortal Gu. Other than that, Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng might be helping him.”


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had no time because of the calamity. Now, every time he thought about the problem called Ying Wu Xie, he felt a deep headache.


 “Thus, I all the more need to refine Fang Zheng into a blood deity.”


 Fang Yuan’s current body was created from sovereign immortal fetus Gu, he had no parents, he had no bloodline relationship to anything in this world.


 But Fang Yuan still wanted to refine Fang Zheng into a blood deity.


 The blood deity refined using Fang Zheng could counter Fang Yuan’s body.


 Even if the immortal zombie body could not be taken back later, Fang Yuan could use the base of Fang Zheng’s blood deity to modify it. Or possibly, he could combine it with his soul to regain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement.


 Of course, this was purely Fang Yuan’s intuition.


 But intuition was not to be underestimated, especially when Fang Yuan’s blood path attainment level was at grandmaster level.


 When Fang Yuan was testing wisdom Gu, Lang Ya land spirit was also observing. Seeing the results, he sighed and felt much regret.


 Fang Yuan looked towards Lang Ya land spirit in concerned fashion: “Does first supreme elder have any methods to use wisdom Gu?”


 Lang Ya land spirit stared at Fang Yuan, replying petulantly: “The simplest method is to raise your cultivation level to rank nine and directly refine this wisdom Gu!”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “I know this method too, I am asking if there are other methods?”


 “Sigh, there is a method that isn’t a method. I can feed it with lifespan Gu continuously, after feeding it for some time, I might obtain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement. If this method works, wisdom Gu would be mine, by then, you would have to give it to me no matter what.” Lang Ya land spirit thought about it and smiled to himself.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes drooped: “Is it really fine to directly say it?”


 “You think I want to?!” Lang Ya land spirit was stomping his feet: “Land spirits cannot lie, damn it, why did I tell you about my motives again? You accursed fellow!”



***
Chapter 1074 - Spy Exposed


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan shook his head, sighing.


 The price of feeding wisdom Gu was too high. Only Lang Ya land spirit was willing to pay it.


 Fang Yuan used sovereign immortal fetus Gu to revive, his age was about sixteen now. Humans in this world lived a hundred years on average, that meant that Fang Yuan had about eighty-four years of lifespan left, it was a long time.


 But even so, Fang Yuan knew that if he obtained lifespan Gu, he would use them all on himself. Even if he did not use them, he would save them for the future in case of emergencies.


 Lifespan Gu were mortal Gu.


 But lifespan Gu were among the strongest forms of currency in Gu Immortal transactions, almost nothing could compare.


 There were two obstacles in a Gu Immortal’s cultivation, one was calamities and tribulations, the other was lifespan.


 Even if one was as strong as an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, they would still be challenged by these two problems.


 In fact, back then when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable set up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, one of his most important goals was to ransack the lifespan Gu in the whole of Northern Plains to extend his lifespan, as for feeding wisdom Gu, it was secondary. During Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s later years, for a long period of time, wisdom Gu was in constant hunger, it had to go into deep sleep and could not be used.


 Later, when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable explored Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he also found wisdom Gu. But he could not use it, or afford to feed it, lifespan Gu were hard to find, he did not have enough for himself. However, with his soul path attainment level, he could make use of aspects of other paths using his own as a foundation, he did not have much need for wisdom Gu anyway.


 After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable died, his era ended. Thereafter, the world started to produce lifespan Gu again. And after that, another huge figure appeared in the world, that was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 He had already searched for lifespan Gu during his later years, but lifespan Gu’s demand far exceeded the supply, it became rarer until it vanished.


 After Paradise Earth died, a new cycle started as the world recuperated, lifespan Gu appeared again. Every ten years, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building conducted the imperial court contest, ransacking Northern Plains’ lifespan Gu, wisdom Gu was slowly fed and recuperated, until Fang Yuan destroyed Imperial Court blessed land.


 And later, due to its survival instincts, wisdom Gu left with Fang Yuan and went to Hu Immortal blessed land. After a long series of events, it ended up in Lang Ya blessed land now.


 “During Three Kings blessed land, I used two lifespan Gu to refine second aperture Gu. But that could not be helped. In this life, I had obtained a lifespan Gu from Blazing Heaven Demoness. But after rebirth, I lost this opportunity and have no lifespan Gu with me now. Since Blazing Heaven Demoness could give me a lifespan Gu, she definitely had more than one in her possession. But she died in the ten extreme formation, her lifespan Gu were also destroyed.... Eh? No.”


 Fang Yuan thought as he recalled something.


 “Lifespan Gu is hard to find, even an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable would need and desire it. Blazing Heaven Demoness was plotted against by Spectral Soul and died, her accumulated wealth must have been taken by Spectral Soul already! Even though Spectral Soul’s plan failed, the remnant forces of Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance remain, their wealth is still immense!”


 As for Lang Ya land spirit, he also had a number of lifespan Gu, it was quite the sum.


 These lifespan Gu were all produced inside Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land had a long history of over three hundred thousand years, it had lived through the era of two venerables.


 Lang Ya blessed land was originally Lang Ya grotto-heaven, it had an incredibly huge space. After intentionally being dropped to a blessed land, because Refinement Cauldron was fused into the immortal aperture world, Lang Ya blessed land’s space increased instead, it was larger than even many grotto-heavens.


 There were an immense number of hairy men living here, they were split into three countries, the life forms in here procreated and had generations after generations of offspring.


 Lifespan Gu was produced from life forms.


 Wherever life forms lived, lifespan Gu could be naturally produced.


 With a huge space, countless inhabitants, and a long history, together with Lang Ya land spirit’s absolute control over the blessed land, whenever a lifespan Gu appeared, he could collect it immediately. With all these reasons, Lang Ya land spirit’s lifespan Gu accumulation increased continuously.


 Fang Yuan did not know the exact number, but he could easily guess that the number was not small!


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would need lifespan Gu, but Lang Ya land spirit did not.


 “Activating wisdom Gu requires the Gu Immortal’s lifespan to be expended. And feeding wisdom Gu also requires lifespan Gu. For now, I should let Lang Ya land spirit feed it.”


 Fang Yuan knew about Lang Ya land spirit’s motives even without any probing.


 This could not be helped, Fang Yuan had no lifespan Gu, he could not feed it.


 He was in deep trouble himself, when Gu Immortals went through tribulations, they become stronger and stronger each time. Fang Yuan was worried about the next earthly calamity, he had no time to care about wisdom Gu.


 Ever since wisdom Gu was brought away by him, Fang Yuan had not fed it once.


 The truth was, Lang Ya land spirit was helping Fang Yuan.


 “In any case, even if wisdom Gu acknowledges Lang Ya land spirit, it is a good thing. With my current status, I can use Lang Ya land spirit’s methods to use wisdom Gu, I will only need to pay some sect contribution points.”


 All Gu worms were tools.


 All of his hard work was targeted towards that illusory goal.


 For this goal, Fang Yuan had given up too much, there was nothing he could not discard.


 The experiment with wisdom Gu ended in failure.


 But Fang Yuan felt no disappointment, before leaving, he asked for one thing from Lang Ya land spirit.


 An information path mortal Gu that recorded the scene of when he refined change form Immortal Gu.


 “This Gu refinement was very strange, the tribulations became so strong! We were lucky that we succeeded. Fang Yuan, if you find out anything, you have to tell me.” Lang Ya land spirit instructed Fang Yuan before he left.


 “First supreme elder did not manage to find out anything, neither could I. I will do my best.” Fang Yuan answered. He had a vague guess that the tribulations gained strength due to the sovereign immortal fetus Gu. But he would not tell Lang Ya land spirit this guess no matter what.


 Other than researching the tribulations, Fang Yuan had another goal, he wanted to investigate Lang Ya Sect, and see if there were any traitors left.


 All along, Fang Yuan had been mindful of this.


 Shadow Sect had sent two traitors into Lang Ya blessed land, unexpectedly having hairy man Gu Immortals. When Shadow Sect attacked Lang Ya blessed land, these two spies played an important role.


 “But other than them, are there other spies in Lang Ya Sect?”


 This problem was extremely important to Fang Yuan. After all, he had already joined Lang Ya Sect. For a long time in the future, he would need to depend on Lang Ya land spirit to undergo tribulations and cultivate.


 He had just started this investigation, he did not have the time or energy until now.


 After flying for some time, Fang Yuan was already close to his new accommodations.


 This was a grand city.


 Pure white city walls stood up proudly. At the peak of tall towers, flags were hanging.


 This was a cloud city.


 On Cloud Cover Continent, there were twelve cloud cities, each of the cities was a mortal Gu House. When activated together, they could form the twelve wave cloud confusion formation, it could cover the entirety of Cloud Cover Continent.


 These twelve cloud cities were created from the former twelve cloud buildings.


 The current Lang Ya land spirit liked grand appearances, he was different from the previous one.


 The cloud city in Fang Yuan’s vision was given by Lang Ya land spirit, to be the place where he defended and lived. The other hairy man Gu Immortals, including Lang Ya land spirit himself, each occupied one cloud city.


 There were few residents in the city, but soon, there would be more and more. Because in Lang Ya land spirit’s plan, he was going to trigger a war between the three continents and pick outstanding Gu Masters, moving them to Cloud Cover Continent for nurturing.


 Fang Yuan flew down to the cloud city and landed.


 Several hairy man Gu Masters quickly welcomed him.


 They were elite hairy man Gu Masters, they were chosen by Lang Ya land spirit and sent to Fang Yuan. On one aspect, they were to take care of Fang Yuan’s daily affairs, but there was also the intention for them to receive Fang Yuan’s guidance in cultivation.


 Fang Yuan was not concerned about these hairy men. But the leader of the hairy man Gu Masters respectfully told Fang Yuan that the sixth city lord has visited Fang Yuan, he had already been in the guest room for a long time already.


 The sixth city lord was Gu Immortal Sixth Hair, he was guarding the sixth cloud city.


 “Why is he here?”


 Fang Yuan felt uncertain, he came to the guest room and met with this Gu Immortal, Sixth Hair.


 “I am Sixth Hair, greetings to second city lord. I am here today to seek guidance from you regarding combat.” Sixth Hair paid his respects as he said this.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change, but his gaze had turned ice cold.


 As it turned out, although Sixth Hair said that out loud, he was secretly transmitting a different message to Fang Yuan.


 “Fang Yuan, I am here representing Lord Ying Wu Xie to make a deal with you!”


 Ying Wu Xie!


 Shadow Sect!


 Sixth Hair was the spy!!


 At once countless thoughts flashed across Fang Yuan’s mind like lightning.


 “Too polite, too polite. We are all from the same sect, don’t talk about guidance, we can definitely spar.” Fang Yuan smiled as he showed a warm expression.


 He first moved away and invited Sixth Hair to sit down, before getting to his own seat.


 These few steps were not far, but countless thoughts flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Sixth Hair is the spy, is he the only spy in Lang Ya blessed land?”


 “He is representing Ying Wu Xie to make a deal, what transaction does he want?”


 “Over on Ying Wu Xie’s end, what is going on? He wants a transaction?”


 “Is he sincere? Is this a trap? Is this Lang Ya land spirit’s probing? After all, I joined Lang Ya Sect and have an information path alliance agreement on me.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan sat down.


 His expression changed, his eyes were sharp like daggers, he looked at Sixth Hair with deep killing intent, he transmitted coldly: “Sixth Hair, what guts! Is what you just said true? If it is true, I will hand you over to first supreme elder for judgment!”



***
Chapter 1075 - Simple Words can Turn a Snake into a Dragon


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sixth Hair looked at Fang Yuan as he laughed, feeling no fear.


 If he wanted to snitch, Fang Yuan would have attacked the moment Sixth Hair exposed himself.


 But Fang Yuan did not, he sat down and said some empty threats.


 As for the reason, Sixth Hair knew clearly, he said: “I was originally in charge of the twelve cloud cities. Before you came here, I had already set up an Immortal Gu formation. Not only can it conceal us to prevent Lang Ya land spirit from finding out, it can also suppress the alliance agreement. You can test it out.”


 Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect, he was bound by the alliance agreement and could not act freely.


 Especially when talking with the spy Sixth Hair, it was against the alliance agreement.


 But hearing Sixth Hair’s words, Fang Yuan tested it, as expected, there was no backlash from breaking some small alliance agreement rules.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was deep, he said after a while: “It seems you are indeed a spy in Lang Ya Sect. What transaction do you want?”


 Sixth Hair felt great relief, he was afraid that Fang Yuan would take him down without any further discussion. The first hurdle had been passed already.


 However... he could not be careless, Fang Yuan was unscrupulous and shameless, he was a devious person with no bottom line.


 Even though he took a risk and exposed his own identity, danger was still extremely high.


 There was no choice, Ying Wu Xie was out of ideas over there, he could only try this.


 Having a transaction with Fang Yuan was the same as plotting with a tiger, it was too dangerous.


 Only after the transaction was over and the evidence was firm, they would be tied together and he would have a hold on him. By then, Sixth Hair would be safe.


 But how could he achieve his aims without losing too many benefits, Sixth Hair felt troubled, he was on the weaker side now.


 “Ying Wu Xie and I have deep enmity, they are suddenly approaching me and even exposed their spy’s identity, they have something to ask of me. Interesting... I want to see what he is up to.” Fang Yuan had such a thought in his mind.


 “To speak the truth, Lord Ying Wu Xie has already reached a desperate situation, his survival is at stake. Otherwise, I would not have appeared to talk to you.” Sixth Hair said.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s brows rose, he looked at the other party again.


 Sixth Hair was so honest, Fang Yuan felt shocked internally.


 Why would one expose their own weaknesses before the deal?


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he sensed the ingenuity of Sixth Hair’s purposeful reveal — even if Sixth Hair did not say it, Fang Yuan would have noticed. By saying it, he could show that this was a last ditch attempt that was filled with determination.


 “It seems that after interacting with Lang Ya land spirit for a long time, I have let down my guard. Even though the other party is a hairy man, he is a spy from Shadow Sect, how can he be as simple and easy to bully as a land spirit?” Fang Yuan raised his alertness.


 Thinking about it, Fang Yuan spoke slowly and calmly: “Ying Wu Xie has all of the accumulated Gu worms in my body, he even has the help of Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, how can he reach such a stage? I refuse to believe it.”


 Sixth Hair shook his head: “Fang Yuan, why the need to probe further? You set up the special will and caused your Gu worms to self-detonate, you really gave Lord Ying Wu Xie a huge surprise. He tried to preserve the Gu worms, but only thirty percent remain.”


 Once he said that, Fang Yuan was fully certain that Sixth Hair was a spy lurking inside Lang Ya Sect sent by Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts churned, his words earlier were not completely true, after Sixth Hair answered him, he obtained a lot of precious information.


 “To think that Ying Wu Xie is really controlling Hei and Bai. Hei Lou Lan is a formidable person, she was not easy to control, but after her aunts died, it is much easier to deal with her. She has the Great Strength True Martial Physique, if used well, she is an excellent pawn.”


 “And Tai Bai Yun Sheng is a kind man, even though he is hesitant and timid, he has two time path Immortal Gu, he can help out a lot. To think that they are both controlled by Ying Wu Xie, what a shame!”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 Fate worked in mysterious ways.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he and Ying Wu Xie had swapped places. He obtained sovereign immortal fetus Gu, while Ying Wu Xie obtained his accumulated wealth.


 He was able to use Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, as a split soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he had incredible methods to keep these two under control.


 “Ying Wu Xie has my Immortal Gu and Hei and Bai to help him. Now, he is initiating a transaction with me, I just make him pay a high price!” Fang Yuan thought to himself harshly.


 However, next, after Sixth Hair exposed their weakness, he changed his words: “Before the deal, let me show you our sincerity. Think of this as free intel. This intel is extremely important, it concerns your future cultivation greatly, or more accurately, it has to do with your life and death!”


 Fang Yuan snorted, he said coldly: “You do not need to brag about the value of the intel. I can assess it myself when I see it.”


 “Fang Yuan, do you know what heaven’s will is?” Sixth Hair asked.


 “Heaven’s will?” Fang Yuan asked in confusion.


 Sixth Hair looked at his expression before nodding in understandment, saying: “You indeed forgot a lot of things, Fang Yuan.”


 “What do you mean?” Fang Yuan’s brows rose slightly.


 Sixth Hair said: “You had once used heaven’s will’s guidance to swap souls with Lord Ying Wu Xie, disguised as the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique and finally taking away sovereign immortal fetus Gu. But what you did not know was, this eleventh extreme physique was created by Old Man Yan Shi, it had a huge flaw. Any soul which resides in the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body will fall into deep sleep and lose its memories. Even though Old Man Yan Shi tried to remove the weakness, he only eliminated the weakness of falling asleep, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique still caused the soul to lose memories continuously. As time passed, more memories would be lost. Precisely because of this, Lord Ying Wu Xie was constantly losing memories and could only use the immortal killer move lead soul into dream.”


 Saying this, Sixth Hair took out an information path mortal Gu.


 He moved this Gu around with his finger as he sighed internally.


 This Gu worm has little to no value to him. But to Fang Yuan, it was immensely valuable! If not for the situation, why would he pass this to Fang Yuan?


 In Ying Wu Xie’s original plan, he was going to use this weakness of Fang Yuan to deal with him.


 To think that there would be a time where he personally helped Fang Yuan fix this flaw.


 “This letter Gu records the details before and after Yi Tian Mountain, take a look.” Sixth Hair said as he tossed the Gu worm to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan received it and inspected it, there were no problems, he activated the Gu worm and the scenes of Yi Tian Mountain appeared in his mind.


 He found that he was indeed lacking many crucial memories.


 “No wonder I have been feeling something weird, but I did not know what. I lost my memories.”


 This was true amnesia.


 By completely losing one’s memories, they could not realize it themselves. If they knew that they forgot something, that would not be true amnesia, they could still remember it eventually.


 However, the scenes in the information path mortal Gu gave Fang Yuan a familiar feeling, of course, there was still a chance that they were deceiving him.


 After checking it several times, Fang Yuan had a calm expression, his gaze was deep as he said: “I seem to have lost my memories, but how can I know that this is real, this can possibly be made up too.”


 Sixth Hair gritted his teeth.


 He knew that this was the hard part of this transaction.


 Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie were enemies, they had deep enmity, there was little trust between them. The problem was how to express his sincerity and make Fang Yuan believe them.


 If this problem was tackled, the transaction would proceed smoothly.


 Sixth Hair’s thoughts moved rapidly, colliding continuously in his mind. He was considering his words carefully, he had to, because Fang Yuan could kill someone without even blinking! If he said something wrong, so be it if he died, but Ying Wu Xie had the mission to save his main body, this could not fail.


 After a long time, Sixth Hair spoke: ” Fang Yuan, you possess Spring Autumn Cicada, you have experienced rebirth, everyone knows this. But the truth is, even if you have many secrets, you have less of a clear understanding than us.”


 “Heaven’s will is vast, it is everywhere, all over the five regions and nine heavens, it spans across the past, present, and future. The way of heaven is to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it emphasizes on balance. And the way of humans is exactly the opposite, it is to reduce the deficits and build up the surpluses. The two are complete opposites, and they are in conflict with each other.”


 “Thus, the previous venerables, and any legendary figures, are the targets of heaven’s will’s suppression. Calamities and tribulations, lifespan Gu, they are two of heaven’s will’s trump cards. Fang Yuan, you have experienced two tribulations already, one was the earthly calamity, and the other was the creation of an Immortal Gu. The two of them had incredible power beyond reason, it was because you had revived using sovereign immortal fetus Gu and your new body and immortal aperture have unlimited potential, once you grow, you will surpass previous venerables. Because of this, heaven’s will feels extremely wary of you, and wants to kill you before you grow any further.”


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 Since the tribulations, he had been considering this question.


 And now, Sixth Hair gave him the answer.


 “Heaven’s will...” Fang Yuan muttered internally, thinking about this phrase.


 Sixth Hair sighed, he continued: “My main body, Spectral Soul, created Shadow Sect, Zombie Alliance, and refined sovereign immortal fetus, preparing for a hundred thousand years, ending up in failure. This is the work of heaven’s will, not only were there grand tribulations and myriad tribulations, we even had to face countless enemies. Heavenly Court with Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord as the leader was its representative. And you, Fang Yuan, were the hidden assassin of our human tribulation!”


 “What do you mean?” Fang Yuan squinted as his eyes shone, he felt deep interest, he could acutely sense that Sixth Hair’s words were going to cause a huge transformation in his situation!


 Sixth Hair hesitated.


 He knew: Once he said the following words, Fang Yuan’s greatest weakness of not knowing heaven’s will would be fixed. In fact, it might even cause Fang Yuan’s uncontrollable rise to the top.


 Fang Yuan was like a python stuck in the swamp now. This python’s eyes were covered by a black cloth, it did not know its directions, it was rolling around in the mud.


 But once the information was given to Fang Yuan, the python’s cloth would be removed, its vision would return, it would be able to see the huge world and realize that the swamp trapping it was very tiny.


 With an accurate direction, knowing its circumstances, the python would raise its head towards the sky, it would cause huge storms, it would even become a dragon and roam the world freely!


 These might just be some words, but to Fang Yuan, they were a qualitative transformation, the value was immeasurable.



***
Chapter 1076 - Transactions with Shadow Sect (1\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sixth Hair did not want to tell this secret to Fang Yuan, but he really had no choice!


 Ying Wu Xie’s situation forced him to do this!


 Breathing in a deep breath, Sixth Hair continued: “Fang Yuan, you were able to take sovereign immortal fetus Gu away at the most crucial moment, it was not just because of your own capabilities, but because you received the guidance of heaven’s will. Even the fact that you were able to use Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth was also part of heaven’s will’s plot. To let you return to the past and ruin my Shadow Sect’s grand plan!”


 Fang Yuan heard this and his heart shook.


 The first half was still fine, but the content of the second half! Even with his mental fortitude, he also could not control himself.


 Boom!


 Coincidentally, at this time, there was a huge tremor in the outside world.


 “What is going on?” In an instant, Fang Yuan regained his cool.


 He sat up as he used his Gu worms, his eyes pierced the cloud cover, he saw that there was thunder rumbling in the sky, several bolts of lightning were flickering.


 A thunderstorm was brewing!


 Sixth Hair laughed coldly, but he felt bleak internally: “Fang Yuan, you have just undergone tribulation, there is still much of heaven’s will left in Lang Ya blessed land. My earlier words exposed the scheme of heaven’s will, I attracted the fury of heaven’s will. But all blessed lands and grotto-heavens are small worlds independent of the five regions, heaven’s will cannot control this place. The tribulations are already over, no matter how angry heaven’s will is, there is no use!”


 Fang Yuan did not deny it, he looked at Sixth Hair expressionlessly: “Continue speaking.”


 Sixth Hair was hesitant earlier, but now that he had spoken, he felt relieved on the inside.


 He spoke even more quickly, continuing: “Fang Yuan, your Spring Autumn Cicada also has heaven’s will hidden in it. This has been verified by Lord Ying Wu Xie. This is the best evidence proving that every single one of your rebirths were affected by heaven’s will.”


 “Spring Autumn Cicada uses everything in the Gu Immortal and only retains a will. This will is carried inside Spring Autumn Cicada and enters the River of Time, traveling upwards to your body in the past, achieving a rebirth. Fang Yuan, you have used it many times, you should know this clearly.”


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, he did not retort.


 Sixth Hair continued: “Spring Autumn Cicada has heaven’s will in it, every time you use Spring Autumn Cicada, it is the best chance for heaven’s will to increase its influence on you. Because at that time, you only have some portion of remaining will left, without your body, your focus will also be on the River of Time, you will not anticipate such a plot working on you.”


 “After rebirth, you naturally had to think about how to use your rebirth advantage to cultivate. Precisely so, you were plotted against by heaven’s will. The things you experienced before rebirth, the opportunities that you knew, were they really simply what you know now? Those so-called fortuitous encounters were just bait left by heaven’s will, so that as a tool of heaven’s will, you would grow and reach Yi Tian Mountain, ruining Shadow Sect’s plan.”


 “According to our deduction, in the future before your first rebirth, Shadow Sect had succeeded. But heaven’s will was not willing to see my main body become a venerable again. Why did Bo Qing fail in the past? It was because he was a split soul of my main body. And furthermore, after my main body obtained the sovereign immortal fetus and revived, he would definitely grow beyond all of the other venerables! In the future, heaven’s will was no longer able to eliminate my main body. Thus, it thought of a way, creating a plot to send you back in time, using you to change the past and remodel the future!”


 Fang Yuan suddenly asked: “Wait, I don’t understand something, why did heaven’s will choose me?”


 “Because you are an otherworldly demon, only otherworldly demons can change the past. If they are not an otherworldly demon, even a venerable cannot do enough. Red Lotus Demon Venerable tried all his life, but he only broke fate Gu, he could not even destroy it, or harm heaven’s will.”


 “Of course, you are not the only otherworldly demon. But regardless, after taking personal experience and circumstances into account, during that time period, you were the most suitable candidate to be the tool.” Sixth Hair answered.


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 This was a brand new perspective, a shocking revelation!


 Sixth Hair’s words made Fang Yuan realize that he was immersed in a huge scheme.


 He thought back over the five hundred years of his previous life, he had roamed for hundreds of years, was it the suppression of heaven’s will?


 He had wanted to refine Blood Deity, did heaven’s will obstruct him from doing so?


 It seemed too easy that he obtained Spring Autumn Cicada’s Immortal Gu recipe.


 After refining Spring Autumn Cicada, he immediately faced the attack of all the ten great ancient sects.


 Sixth Hair looked at his expression and saw that Fang Yuan was moved, but because he did not express himself, Sixth Hair could only curse internally as he asked again:


 “Your Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six, there is a high chance of failure. Why did you succeed every time you used it?”


 “That isn’t the case, I failed the last time.” As Fang Yuan said this, he suddenly was stunned.


 This point was the strongest evidence proving the presence of heaven’s will!


 His amnesia did not affect this part of his memories, he remembered that he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth because he was hit by Heaven Overseeing Tower, he could not dodge and had no choice.


 But before this, the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was already vaporized by Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 According to Sixth Hair’s explanation, it could be understood as: The Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was destroyed, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation was incomplete, it could not refine Gu. Shadow Sect’s plan failed, the only other way was Hei Lou Lan, but she was not at Yi Tian Mountain. Thus, heaven’s will no longer needed the tool, Fang Yuan, and he failed when using Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Instead, Shadow Sect refused to lose, after heaven’s will abandoned Fang Yuan, Shadow Sect used the Red Lotus true inheritance to help Fang Yuan rebirth and change the past, allowing Shadow Sect’s plan to progress.


 “What? You do not know that I failed my last activation?” Fang Yuan looked at Sixth Hair.


 Sixth Hair blinked and felt cold sweat in his hands.


 He naturally did not know this.


 He was only a split soul, he did not even join the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had been inside Lang Ya blessed land the entire time. Furthermore, he only had Ying Wu Xie as a higher-up, a lot of his information came from Ying Wu Xie.


 But he knew that Ying Wu Xie had activated Spring Autumn Cicada. Originally, Ying Wu Xie was plotted against by Fang Yuan and had no way out, but because of Spring Autumn Cicada, there was a reset which caused the current situation.


 Sixth Hair was thinking about whether he should tell Fang Yuan this secret. He got more and more nervous as he thought over it, he did not know what reaction Fang Yuan would have after he told him.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan waved his hand, saying: “Never mind, continue.”


 Sixth Hair heaved a sigh of relief, he let out a breath and calmed his emotions, he continued: “Heaven’s will planned for you to be a tool, it was a brilliant move. We subconsciously assumed that an otherworldly demon would have nothing to do with heaven’s will. Because of this, even my main body was deceived.”


 “After Three Kings blessed land, one of our split souls, Old Man Yan Shi, found out that you had Spring Autumn Cicada, that you are someone who had been reborn. But because you already went to Hu Immortal inheritance, and our hundred thousand year plan was right before us, we did not want to create external trouble, so we tried to scheme against you secretly. Thus, Old Man Yan Shi blocked deductions for you, and that caused the Central Continent Gu Immortals, Feng Jiu Ge’s group, to go to Luo Po Valley.”


 “In that battle, even though the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie escaped, he was captured by Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Heavenly Court and these Gu Immortals in Northern Plains were all secretly influenced by heaven’s will, they were part of my main body’s ‘human’ tribulation.”


 “Fang Yuan, after rebirth, on the way to Northern Plains from Southern Border, you encountered a lot of unexpected mishaps, right? These were all caused by heaven’s will to eliminate you.”


 “Similarly, Lord Ying Wu Xie is in a desperate situation now, a part of the reason was that Lord Ying Wu Xie had obtained your body, he also attracted a lot of enemies for you, and is facing the problem for you.”


 “Fang Yuan, your name is on the Demon Judgment Board, the ten great ancient sects are after you, even Heavenly Court is pursuing you. Lord Ying Wu Xie is the best example of your future! Do you think you can be safe if you hide in the other four regions and don’t go to Central Continent? My main body defied heaven to refine Gu, but Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could still come after us. The main reason that most Gu Immortals don’t travel regions is not because of the five regional walls, but because of their calamities and tribulations. Once they arrive, the result is hard to predict, if their tribulation was affected, they would suffer. Furthermore, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals give their immortal apertures to Heavenly Court, they have no calamities and tribulations, they go outside using a phantom aperture, and they have the method to sleep while preserving their lifespan.”


 “Fang Yuan, let me ask this, if I did not inform you today, would you know about heaven’s will? The scheme that made you a tool?”


 “You and my main body have deep enmity, that is true, but you are also closely linked to us. Lord Ying Wu Xie is in grave danger, if he ends up in the hands of Heavenly Court, your relationship with him and your information would all be leaked. Heavenly Court will come after you! Because Heavenly Court are the lackeys that defend heaven’s will. Earlier, Feng Jiu Ge and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals went to Northern Plains to investigate, and later, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord launched an ambush in Southern Border. Fang Yuan, you and Lord Ying Wu Xie are tied together by the same rope, if he dies, you will follow soon enough!”


 Sixth Hair had great eloquence, he spoke without pausing, he listed his reasons with strong evidence, it was truly convincing and understandable.


 Fang Yuan was so moved he could not help but say: “You are right, this is truly the case! I think.... we can have a good transaction.”


 Sixth Hair was overjoyed, he thought: “This matter is settled!”


 At this moment, he was about to tear up.


 Because recently, he had been under strong pressure.


 Because of him, Fang Yuan succeeded in the tribulation and refined change form Immortal Gu.


 No matter the reason or motive, the result was clear.


 He was at fault!


 He was filled with regret and anguish.


 Thus, he had to make up for his mistake.


 Now, he exposed his identity and took a huge risk to urge Fang Yuan, it was Ying Wu Xie’s idea, but Sixth Hair was also a willing party.


 It seemed now that everything was worth it.


 Fang Yuan was Ying Wu Xie’s only way out. Sixth Hair had helped Ying Wu Xie open up this possibility singlehandedly.



***
Chapter 1077 - Transactions with Shadow Sect (2\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Then how do we deal? What do you people need?” Fang Yuan asked with an amicable expression.


 “Fang Yuan, we know you have a lot of immortal materials. The immortal materials picked up in Earth Trench have a problem, they are filled with heaven’s will. We do not want these. But the huge amount of immortal materials from Falling Heavenly River can be traded. This is our list, take a look.” Sixth Hair took out an information path mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan received it and inspected it before his consciousness entered the Gu, he nodded as he browsed.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan said to Sixth Hair: “I have most of these immortal materials, but as a member of Lang Ya Sect, can’t you get these from Lang Ya Sect’s inventory?”


 Sixth Hair smiled bitterly: “Times are different, the new Lang Ya land spirit is not the same as previously, in Lang Ya Sect, sect contribution points are everything. If I want to get items from the inventory, I will need to use my sect contribution points. But my sect contribution points have not reached the number that Lord Ying Wu Xie needs.”


 “You are right.” Fang Yuan nodded before asking: “I can give you these immortal materials, but how will these immortal materials reach Ying Wu Xie? Treasure yellow heaven is currently closed.”


 Ying Wu Xie had been selling Immortal Gu, he made a huge commotion, Fang Yuan knew about it.


 Sixth Hair continued speaking: “It is more troublesome without treasure yellow heaven, but there is a way to send these to Lord Ying Wu Xie. Zombie Alliance was a subsidiary of Shadow Sect, before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, because Old Ancestor Xue Hu had stolen immortal zombie bodies, Zombie Alliance had ordered the branches to create a super Gu formation to connect between the five regions. Even if someone attacks a branch, we can transport these immortal zombie bodies to other regions using the super Gu formation.”


 “I thought this was just an excuse to plot against the immortal zombies, to think it was real?” Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 Sixth Hair smiled bitterly: “This is true. Sacrificing Zombie Alliance to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu was not part of Shadow Sect’s original plan. During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, we had no choice and did it. There were more benefits in keeping Zombie Alliance, if possible, we would not have sacrificed them.”


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 He thought about the five hundred years of his previous life. During that time, Zombie Alliance was still around in the five regions, even until the five regions chaotic war, and just before Fang Yuan’s rebirth, it still played a significant role in the affairs of the world.


 But it was different now.


 Zombie Alliance in all five regions was now an empty shell, most of the immortal zombies were used as immortal materials and were refined in the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.


 Up until this point, the five regions were still in a commotion because of it.


 After all, when Zombie Alliance was around, it controlled many resources.


 These resources were now ownerless, many Gu Immortal experts and super forces were fighting for them, there were bloody scenes.


 “It seems that in the five hundred years of my previous life, Shadow Sect indeed succeeded. Zombie Alliance’s continued existence proves this point. Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, resulting in Feng Jiu Ge’s death inside Lang Ya blessed land, this event is very suspicious. Shadow Sect had spies inside Heavenly Court, maybe Spectral Soul had revived and controlled Heavenly Court, turning it into his own force.”


 Fang Yuan thought a little and felt that many things in his memories could have likely had a deeper story behind them.


 “This world’s secrets are too deep. Legendary people have appeared continuously. Countless experts contest and plot against each other, they are like the countless stars shining in the sky. Even though I was considered an expert, compared to these people, I am not outstanding. Hehe... precisely because of this, it is more interesting, isn’t it? Hahaha.”


 Fang Yuan thought about this and felt increasingly joyful.


 On the surface, his lips curled up as he smiled lightly.


 Sixth Hair could not understand it, he thought: “Why is he smiling? And why do I have a bad feeling...”


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he looked at Sixth Hair with a shining gaze, his smile became more apparent: “Then, what can I get in exchange for my immortal materials?”


 “Immortal Gu.” Sixth Hair answered, having a calm expression.


 “Interesting, very interesting.” Fang Yuan clapped and smiled.


 What Immortal Gu could Ying Wu Xie sell? It was obviously Fang Yuan’s own Immortal Gu.


 Selling Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu back to himself, Ying Wu Xie’s plan was really amazing.


 But even Fang Yuan himself felt that Ying Wu Xie’s idea was quite good.


 In this world, who would want these Immortal Gu more than Fang Yuan? Even if there were such people, they would be few in number.


 And for other Gu Immortals, they were not used to these Immortal Gu, they needed to get familiar with them. But Fang Yuan was very familiar with them, he could use them well. These Immortal Gu had greater value to Fang Yuan than to others.


 Furthermore, even if Immortal Gu were sold, they needed suitable Gu Immortals. For example, a strength path Immortal Gu would not be well utilized by Gu Immortals of other paths. Because of differences in paths, and conflict in dao marks, the effect would be reduced, it was not suitable for them. Unless they were using it as a supplementary Gu worm for an immortal killer move, but such situations were rare.


 One could say, Fang Yuan was the best buyer. Not only did he have use for these Immortal Gu, most importantly — he could afford them!


 As for how to send the Immortal Gu, Zombie Alliance’s super Gu formation was likely to be used.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “How many of my Immortal Gu are left? Not only do I want to buy them, I also want Hei Lou Lan’s self strength Immortal Gu, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Man as Before and Landscape as Before. I will include these three Immortal Gu into my request.”


 Sixth Hair considered it for a while before nodding: “I can make the decision on this matter and agree to it.”


 Ying Wu Xie had control over Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, he could make them hand over their Immortal Gu. And the most important thing now was to escape from danger and get away. Other matters could be put aside.


 Fang Yuan said again: “We will trade at the same time, bring your Immortal Gu, I will pay the immortal materials.”


 At this time, Sixth Hair showed a difficult expression: “As a matter of fact, it will take some time for you to see the Immortal Gu. You are aware of the situation in the five regions. All the Zombie Alliance branches are being targeted, if Northern Plains’ Dark Flow Giant City did not sink into Earth Trench, it would have been ransacked already. The super Gu formation is placed in Dark Flow Giant City, it will take some time for me to get the Immortal Gu. But before this, I hope that you can provide some immortal materials first. Because these immortal materials are going to be used for Gu refinement, the faster we refine, the better. Over on Lord Ying Wu Xie’s end, we do not know how long they can last.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and sneered internally: “Sixth Hair is speaking both truth and lies at once, earlier, he said Ying Wu Xie is in grave danger, now he is indicating that Ying Wu Xie can last for some time.”


 On the surface, Fang Yuan’s expression turned stiff, he rejected: “No, impossible. If I pay immortal materials and you do not hand me the Immortal Gu, wouldn’t I be a fool?”


 “Don’t worry about this. I have prepared an information path immortal killer move to restrict both sides, none of us can break it.” Sixth Hair had a sincere expression.


 Fang Yuan laughed, he waved his hand: “Don’t talk to me about information path methods, I don’t believe it! Since you can subdue Hei Lou Lan, you must have removed her information path alliance agreement, right? I do not cultivate information path, would I be so foolish as to make an information path agreement with you?”


 “This...” Sixth Hair hesitated.


 He understood Fang Yuan’s thoughts, if it were him, he would not set an agreement with Shadow Sect either.


 “How about this?” Sixth Hair quickly thought of a new idea: “I can use information to exchange for a portion of the immortal materials first, how about that? This information and these secrets have immense value to you. Fang Yuan, don’t you want to know what the limitations of heaven’s will are? Don’t you want our Shadow Sect’s precious experience in dealing with heaven’s will? And information about otherworldly demons, even information about Lang Ya blessed land, don’t you want them?”


 Fang Yuan was deeply enticed.


 Heaven’s will!


 After understanding that heaven’s will was plotting against him, how could Fang Yuan ignore it? In this world, who else other than Shadow Sect had greater experience in dealing with heaven’s will?


 If not for Shadow Sect taking the initiative to transact, Fang Yuan would still be left in the dark for a long period of time.


 As for the matter of otherworldly demons, Fang Yuan was very curious. Why did he transmigrate here? Were other otherworldly demons were there? Did they come from the same place as him? Why could otherworldly demons change the past?


 And information about Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land had existed for three hundred thousand years, what secrets were hidden inside? This was extremely important for Fang Yuan, who was getting Lang Ya land spirit’s help, and also his goal of obtaining Lang Ya blessed land.


 Undeniably, all this information was extremely valuable, they were very helpful to Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, the room was silent.


 Neither side was talking.


 Fang Yuan was deep in thought.


 Sixth Hair waited for Fang Yuan to agree, he was very confident that Fang Yuan would definitely say yes. The allure of this information was too high, after all.


 Of course, if not for this situation, Sixth Hair would not have wanted Fang Yuan to know these secrets.


 Fang Yuan spoke, but instead asked a question: “I don’t understand something. Since there is a super Gu formation, why aren’t Ying Wu Xie and the rest using the super Gu formation to escape directly?”


 Sixth Hair explained honestly: “The super Gu formation can only transport immortal materials. Immortal zombie bodies are considered immortal materials, but they cannot include the immortal aperture. It is too hard to transport Gu Immortals across regions. There are some methods, but they are very rare. For example, Fixed Immortal Travel, but Immortal Gu are one of a kind. Stargate Gu is an exception, but it is too limited. And not everyone can enter immortal apertures”


 Shadow Sect knew about stargate Gu. Fang Yuan had used it many times and even gave the Gu recipe to Lang Ya land spirit. It was not strange that Shadow Sect knew about it.


 Be it Fixed Immortal Travel or stargate Gu, they had requirements towards the Gu Immortal being transported.


 The Gu Immortal must have few dao marks in their body for transportation. Especially stargate Gu, it was only a mortal Gu, even though it used the power of black heaven, only rank six bottom tier Gu Immortals or those who had only gone through a few calamities could use it.


 Of course, the things inside the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture were in another world, they were not considered in this.


 Thus, back then, Fang Yuan used his dead aperture to contain rank nine wisdom Gu, he could transport it using stargate Gu.


 Using rank six bottom tier Gu Immortals or immortal zombies as the container to use Fixed Immortal Travel or stargate Gu for cross-regional transportation?


 This was very possible.


 But it could not be used widely.


 There was only one Fixed Immortal Travel in the world, and stargate Gu was in the hands of few people. Furthermore, rank eight Gu Immortals and high rank immortal materials or Immortal Gu have too many dao marks, they are a huge burden to the immortal aperture. Living immortal apertures could burst, while dead immortal apertures would break apart even more quickly, they could not go through this many times.


 Precisely because of this, Fang Yuan placed the high rank immortal materials into Hu Immortal blessed land or Star Form blessed land, these blessed lands that were placed in the outside world were very stable.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals have their own unique methods to travel across regions.


 It was through white heaven and black heaven. Earlier, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord had brought a group of people to Southern Border and thwarted Shadow Sect’s plan, they went there through white heaven.



***
Chapter 1078 - Transaction with Shadow Sect (3\/3


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 There had never been good methods to transport Gu Immortals across regions.


 Because Gu Immortals had little need for this!


 When Gu Master undergo immortal ascension, they would become Gu Immortals of their respective regions due to the heaven and earth qi. For example, they would be a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, or a Central Continent Gu Immortal.


 Gu Immortals had a territorial mentality, Gu Immortals from other regions were usually ostracized. At the end of the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were pursued by Southern Border Gu Immortals, this point was showed clearly. In this aspect, Eastern Sea was more open.


 The territorial mentality was not the key, most importantly, once in a while, Gu Immortals had to place their immortal apertures in the outside world to draw in heaven and earth qi and stabilize it. At this time, the heaven and earth qi needed was very specific. If a Northern Plains Gu Immortal placed their immortal aperture in Central Continent and took in Central Continent’s heaven and earth qi, there would be huge problems.


 The third reason was calamities and tribulations. Gu Immortals faced calamities and tribulations continuously, who would have the time to run around? What was the point of going to other regions? Unless they had important reasons, like clues to a huge inheritance, or maybe for investigation missions like Feng Jiu Ge.


 There was one thing to note.


 There was little demand for Gu Immortals to travel across regions, but Immortal Gu and immortal materials were not the same!


 They had huge demand for them.


 And these demands were mostly settled through treasure yellow heaven.


 Due to all sorts of reasons, few people researched in regional transportation of Gu Immortals. In history, there were barely any results. Zombie Alliance’s super Gu formation was merely used to transport immortal materials.


 Who would waste their time and effort to research on something useless?


 Gu Immortals had huge pressure towards survival! Even though they were ‘immortals’, they could not live freely and peacefully. Managing their immortal apertures, raising Immortal Gu, and dealing with tribulations, these were enough for all Gu Immortals to slog their lives out.


 Thus, since long ago, cross-regional transportation methods for Gu Immortals were very primitive, they were developed slowly. As a result, when the grand ten great ancient sects of Central Continent dispatched a team of Gu Immortals to go Northern Plains, they barged through two regional walls.


 In four to five hundred years, there would no longer be a need to research on this. Because the five regional walls would start to disappear, the five regions will merge into one!


 This was something for the future, forget about it for now.


 In the hall, Fang Yuan let out a hearty laugh.


 He had probed for so long, he finally had a clear understanding of this transaction.


 “Fang Yuan, why are you laughing?” Sixth Hair’s ominous feeling was growing.


 “Because I am happy. Even though the super Gu formation can only transport immortal materials, that is enough! Forget about information and whatnot. My first condition is my original body. Hand it to me.” Fang Yuan spoke quickly.


 Sixth Hair’s expression changed.


 He knew about wisdom Gu.


 If Fang Yuan obtained his body, together with his soul, he could use the light of wisdom, and borrow the might of wisdom Gu once again.


 What did that imply?


 He would be like a tiger with wings, he would soar to the sky!


 In the past, Fang Yuan had a flaw, he did not have lifespan Gu to feed wisdom Gu. But now, Lang Ya land spirit had a good number of lifespan Gu to feed it.


 Fang Yuan knew about heaven’s will already, if he had wisdom Gu’s help, how could he be stopped? He would be like an eagle in the sky, or a flood dragon roaming the seas. Together with the sovereign immortal aperture...


 “My goodness!” Sixth Hair cried out in his thoughts, these few elements alone were shocking, they were unprecedented! If they were combined together, he would gain unimaginable strength!


 How would anyone else ever compete with him again?!


 “That will not work.” Sixth Hair shook his head: “Without a body, how can Lord Ying Wu Xie escape from his predicament?”


 “I have bodies.” Fang Yuan laughed: “I have many strength path immortal zombie bodies! We can trade one for one. You will not suffer a loss for sure, these immortal zombie bodies have more dao marks than my original body, you are definitely going to profit.”


 “Profit my ass!” Sixth Hair scolded Fang Yuan’s shamelessness internally, his expression became ugly, he snickered at Fang Yuan: “Let’s not beat about the bush, why would I not know your intentions?”


 “Oh... so you know about wisdom Gu.” Fang Yuan rubbed his chin.


 “Immortal Gu and information can be sold, but body... no way!” Sixth Hair rejected with a firm reply.


 But Fang Yuan’s mood changed even more quickly: “Then there’s nothing to say! Goodbye, see you!”


 Fang Yuan stood up and waved his hand, chasing Sixth Hair away.


 “...” Sixth Hair was stunned!


 He was dazed in place, unmoving.


 Seeing him like this, Fang Yuan snickered internally, with a flourish of his sleeves, he took his leave.


 Sixth Hair jolted to awareness, he said: “Fang Yuan, wait!”


 “You agreed?” Fang Yuan did not turn around, he only turned his head.


 “Body cannot be sold, the rest can be negotiated.” Sixth Hair insisted.


 Fang Yuan snorted, walking ahead and through the door, leaving Sixth Hair’s vision.


 Sixth Hair quickly chased him: “We have to be willing parties in a transaction! Fang Yuan, why must you make it difficult for us, if we encounter trouble, you will soon follow.”


 Fang Yuan stopped moving, but he did not turn around even now, he left the back of his head facing Sixth Hair, it was very rude.


 Sixth Hair heard Fang Yuan’s words: “You are right. But so what if I follow? At most, I will die.”


 Sixth Hair walked several steps and chased after Fang Yuan, urging: “Fang Yuan, why the need to say these things? Who would believe such lies? Will you be willing to die? With Shadow Sect around, how many enemies are we drawing away from you? Without us, how long can you last? You think you can deal with heaven’s will? Even my main body failed after a hundred thousand years of planning! With a common enemy ahead of us, why are you like this?”


 “Noisy!” A sword wave appeared around Fang Yuan.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu Wave Sword!


 Sixth Hair was forced to retreat, he quickly said: “Careful, be careful! Don’t use Immortal Gu, it will ruin my arrangements. If Lang Ya land spirit finds out, we will both face the consequences.”


 Fang Yuan snickered, he walked ahead as he said: “The body is my first condition, if this cannot be fulfilled, forget the rest! You have three days, go and have a good discussion with your Lord Ying Wu Xie.”


 Sixth Hair stomped his feet: “Three days?! Fang Yuan, you know that Lord Ying Wu Xie is facing great danger, we have to fight for time.”


 Fang Yuan walked away as his voice drifted over: “It is great that you realize this. Quickly agree to it, after the deal, you can use the immortal materials to refine Gu, and last an even longer time, right?”


 Sixth Hair had a ruthless expression, he gritted his teeth as he pointed at Fang Yuan, killing intent surged: “Fang Yuan, don’t go overboard!”


 “So what if I do? I will not be the first to die. I can live well inside Lang Ya blessed land for some time. But you guys? Without Ying Wu Xie, Spectral Soul’s main body will remain trapped in the giant dream realm, hehe, the great Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he is going to die before me. Hahaha!” Fang Yuan laughed, he walked through the door and vanished from Sixth Hair’s vision completely.


 Sixth Hair stared with bloodshot eyes.


 Fang Yuan’s shameless and thuggish attitude dealt a huge blow to him!


 In less than half a day, Sixth Hair went to Fang Yuan again.


 “Lord Ying Wu Xie agreed.” Sixth Hair stared at Fang Yuan, he wanted nothing more than to tear him to shreds.


 A sharp light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Sixth Hair agreed so quickly, on Ying Wu Xie’s end, the situation must really be terrible!


 This was both good and bad.


 Fang Yuan wanted to gain the most benefits from this trade, but he also wanted Ying Wu Xie to draw away the enemies for him. It was most beneficial to Fang Yuan for Heavenly Court and Shadow Sect’s remnant forces to fight.


 “We will trade the immortal zombie bodies first, one for one, before we continue with the others.” Fang Yuan said, adding: “If I find out that you tampered with the body, don’t blame me for what I will do. You know I am a person who has been reborn, I can use some future methods...”


 “Impossible! We will do the transactions all at once!” Sixth Hair was not easy to fool.


 But Fang Yuan was a tougher nut to crack.


 A little later, Sixth Hair lost, he raised three fingers, gritting his teeth: “Fine, we will first trade the immortal zombie bodies. But there are only two deals after that. We will conclude this trade in three sessions!”


 Three days later in Lang Ya blessed land, the two made their transaction.


 “Okay, next will be Immortal Gu. I want all of my Immortal Gu, along with Self Strength, Man as Before, and Landscape as Before.” Fang Yuan said.


 Sixth Hair had a curious expression: “So many Immortal Gu, do you have enough immortal materials?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Of course.”


 A few minutes later.


 “This is what you mean by ‘of course’? You casually changed the quantity to be traded by yourself?! These immortal materials are not enough to buy even thirty percent of the Immortal Gu!!” Sixth Hair screamed furiously.


 “We can continue to negotiate the deal. What do you mean by changing it myself? I did not casually do it, I am very sincere!” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 “Your mother is sincere!” Sixth Hair cursed.


 Fang Yuan’s expression stiffened: “This means you do not want to deal?” Saying this, his sleeves billowed as he turned around.


 Sixth Hair was beyond furious: “Threatening to leave? The same trick again?!”


 “I don’t care, I am not the first to die anyway.” Fang Yuan shrugged, latching on Sixth Hair’s weakness.


 Sixth Hair’s expression froze, he felt like he had fallen into an icy river.


 He felt really foolish, why did he expose his own weakness?


 But, with Fang Yuan’s shrewdness, even if he said nothing, he would sense it.


 The second transaction was a long tug-of-war.


 Fang Yuan’s price was way too low, Shadow Sect was not going to take it.


 In a few days, they went through dozens of difficult negotiations, until both sides came to an agreement.


 Fang Yuan relented a bit, but he still earned the most from this.


 Sixth Hair had a downcast expression, his straight back had hunched already.


 “Thankfully, there is only one last deal left...”


 The third transaction.


 “What?! We agreed on three transactions, why do you want to extend it to ten?!”


 “Fang Yuan, you shameless bastard, you fiend with no bottom line!”


 “Can’t you see the big picture at all? Die, let’s just all die together.”


 Sixth Hair screamed, his throat went sore, blood was flowing out of his nose due to anger.


 But Fang Yuan only said one thing, reflecting all of these statements: “I am not the first to die anyway. Once Ying Wu Xie dies, Spectral Soul’s main body is going to follow. After all, the dream realm is huge, the consumption of the soul is extremely rapid as well...”


 “Extremely rapid as well...”


 “Extremely rapid...”


 “Extremely...”


 Fang Yuan’s voice was floating around in Sixth Hair’s head.


 Next, he fainted on the spot.



***
Chapter 1079 - Regaining His Body and Spring Autumn


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A dark and deep pool of soul water undulated with countless ripples.


 Ying Wu Xie opened his eyes wide, the ghost fire in his eyes burning bright as he observed the surface of the soul water.


 He was viewing a scene that outsiders would not be able to observe.


 Sixth Hair’s figure appeared in the soul water, he was half-kneeling on the ground and had an expression of remorse and guilt: “Lord, I made a huge mistake! When Fang Yuan was facing the tribulation, if I had not used...”


 “I have already said that this matter is not your fault. Speaking of which, it is also because I used my trump card to increase my luck, which allowed Fang Yuan to take advantage of it.” Ying Wu Xie’s voice directly transmitted to Gu Immortal Sixth Hair’s mind.


 This was the method of communication between Sixth Hair and Ying Wu Xie, it was a soul path method but with the effect of information path, and was extremely powerful.


 Both sides were in Central Continent and Northern Plains, separated by two regional walls, moreover there was Lang Ya blessed land as well. Not only were they able to communicate in real time, they were also able to evade Lang Ya land spirit’s senses.


 Right now, Ying Wu Xie no longer had Fang Yuan’s appearance.


 He had already changed to another strength path immortal zombie’s body.


 But this vessel, because it was too old, its immortal aperture had already broken apart and what Ying Wu Xie obtained was only the physical body. Unlike Fang Yuan’s zombie body, which had a mortal aperture as well as an immortal aperture.


 As such, it was very inconvenient for Ying Wu Xie to use Gu worms. Whether it be Immortal Gu or mortal Gu, they could only live in parts of his body like on his skin, hair, blood, bones, and so on, not only would this leak their aura and make it easier for enemies to inspect, it was also not safe. When the physical body gets struck by an attack, the Gu worms could also very well meet with a terrible fate.


 Gu worms were very fragile.


 Ying Wu Xie could be said to have suffered a huge loss from this transaction with Fang Yuan, but his expression was tranquil.


 He instead encouraged Sixth Hair: “You did this task very well. You constantly expressed weakness to Fang Yuan during the whole transaction process, good job. Especially the fainting at the end... without your efforts, I wouldn’t have obtained the immortal materials I needed.”


 Sixth Hair sighed: “I intentionally fainted to probe Fang Yuan, but unfortunately he did not do anything to me.”


 “Since he knows our background, he is naturally extremely cautious. Moreover, we have already done transactions multiple times now, both sides have gotten a handle on the other, he has to be wary against us reporting about him to Lang Ya land spirit.” Ying Wu Xie replied.


 He had been in an absolute plight just now, and had thought about every possible way, before finding there was no way left other than Fang Yuan.


 Before transacting with Fang Yuan, he had already made sufficient mental preparations.


 The immortal material list he gave to Fang Yuan had exaggerated contents with huge numbers, hiding the immortal materials he truly wanted within them.


 In short, he had achieved his goal.


 He was able to fight for a ray of hope in this desperate situation.


 As long as he passed this hurdle, his future prospects would be extremely promising!


 “Not mentioning the other Immortal Gu, but the main thing is that Fang Yuan not only obtained his physical body, he now has Spring Autumn Cicada as well! His current foundation is extremely huge!” Sixth Hair was still worried.


 Ying Wu Xie snorted: “Even if Fang Yuan gets back his physical body, does he dare to use it? Spring Autumn Cicada is not a problem, it was already sealed and is going to starve to death soon. Even if Fang Yuan can resolve this problem, Spring Autumn Cicada itself has a failure rate when activating, it still has heaven’s will hiding inside it, it will be a long time before he will be able to use it. Moreover, the attention of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals will also be attracted to him.”


 Sixth Hair’s expression shook, the visible worry lessening by a lot.


 He repeatedly nodded his head: “Lord, you are correct.”


 Ying Wu Xie heaved a long sigh: “You will still have to continue to watch Fang Yuan. You are already exposed, but Fang Yuan won’t make a move against you. It is okay if we are not able to suppress him. He has obtained so many Immortal Gu just now, they will certainly be a large burden to him. Moreover, the calamities and tribulations will divert even more of his energy. Let him develop, wait until I gather strength and save our main body, then we shall settle the score with him!”


 One could learn from experience, after having experienced so much, Ying Wu Xie was rapidly maturing.


 He understood what he could give up, and more importantly, learned to patiently endure.


 He was, after all, one of the split souls of Spectral Soul, and had the natural skill to become a powerful expert.


 Suffering and setbacks were of value in life, and he was rapidly growing up because of them.


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Some time had already passed since the transactions with Ying Wu Xie.


 Fang Yuan gazed at the immortal zombie body in front of him, and sighed.


 “I don’t dare to use it...” Fang Yuan rubbed his chin, feeling troubled.


 After he had regained his immortal zombie body, although he had used almost all the means available to him at present to conduct many careful inspections, he did not find any issues.


 But what origin did Ying Wu Xie have? What origin did Shadow Sect have?


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 He was the progenitor of soul path, a Gu Venerable, a person who had once ruled over the world and all living beings!


 Would his split soul, Ying Wu Xie, have some kind of soul path method to create a sinister trap within this body?


 It was very possible!


 Fang Yuan’s transaction with Ying Wu Xie had not been under any information path restriction from the beginning to the end.


 Because neither side trusted the other.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan’s information path methods were definitely inferior to Ying Wu Xie’s. If he used an information path method to restrict himself, it was very possible the other party would secretly break it, and this would make it even more unfavorable to Fang Yuan!


 Thus, he was completely unable to guarantee the safety of this body.


 Fang Yuan wanted this immortal zombie body back mainly to obtain the acknowledgement of wisdom Gu and use the light of wisdom. So he needed to put his soul into this immortal zombie vessel.


 This was very dangerous.


 Shadow Sect was most proficient in matters regarding the soul.


 Fang Yuan did not discover any issues, perhaps Ying Wu Xie had not tampered with it, but the more likely possibility was that there was a huge issue with this immortal zombie body, only that Fang Yuan did not have the ability to discover it.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the founder of soul path, Fang Yuan trying to decipher soul path methods was like an amateur performing in front of an expert.


 “Looks like I still need to inspect this body for a while. I can’t be careless, any slight carelessness and I might fall into a scheme of Shadow Sect.” Fang Yuan warned himself.


 Only when he was a hundred percent sure of safety would Fang Yuan use this body.


 Or perhaps when there were no other options, he might choose to take the risk.


 “Although I can’t use wisdom Gu, regaining my body and Spring Autumn Cicada is already a great success.”


 Spring Autumn Cicada had all along been Fang Yuan’s greatest trump card.


 Now that Fang Yuan had gotten his body back, Spring Autumn Cicada, which remained in the first aperture as the vital Gu, was naturally also back.


 In the previous negotiations, when Fang Yuan mentioned for Spring Autumn Cicada to be returned, he was met with strong denial from Sixth Hair.


 He refused to admit Ying Wu Xie had Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Because neither side was restricted by information path methods, Fang Yuan would not be able to tell apart truth or lies. There were no consequences for lying.


 However, Fang Yuan was even more unreasonable, directly saying: “That is impossible! If you truly did not have, then you people would have refined it. In any case, I don’t care about others, but you must return my Spring Autumn Cicada!”


 Fang Yuan had no bottom line and his stance was extremely resolute.


 Even though Sixth Hair said that he would swear on his life, shouting loudly as he vowed, Fang Yuan’s attitude was unchanged.


 After wasting a good amount of time, Fang Yuan regained his body and Spring Autumn Cicada.


 However, Spring Autumn Cicada had an issue.


 It was sealed by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals using some strange methods, it was already cut off from the River of Time and was currently in a starving state.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan also knew Spring Autumn Cicada had heaven’s will in it, this was his biggest threat!


 The immortal zombie body and Spring Autumn Cicada, both had dangers lurking within them and could not be used.


 But even so, Fang Yuan was happy.


 Even if I can’t use them, as long as they are in my possession, it is a huge victory!


 Especially when Spring Autumn Cicada was a huge trump card!


 After regaining Spring Autumn Cicada and the immortal zombie body, Fang Yuan demanded Fixed Immortal Travel in the second transaction.


 But where would Sixth Hair get it from?


 No matter how forceful Fang Yuan was, it was no use. Moreover, he could also guess Fixed Immortal Travel might truly have been destroyed. If they had Fixed Immortal Travel, they would have already used Fixed Immortal Travel to make an escape, why would they come to be extorted by him?


 A more crucial matter was that Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair had already completed a transaction.


 With the transaction, it meant betraying Lang Ya Sect.


 Sixth Hair had a hold over Fang Yuan, land spirits were single-minded and obstinate, if he discovered this, no matter how Fang Yuan tried to explain, it would probably be of no use.


 So Fang Yuan finally gave up on Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Although he could not obtain Fixed Immortal Travel, Fang Yuan obtained a large number of Immortal Gu in this transaction.


 A large number!


 Among them were Hei Lou Lan’s strength qi Immortal Gu, self strength Immortal Gu and flying bear strength Immortal Gu, as well as Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Landscape as Before and Man as Before. Among Fang Yuan’s own, there was pulling mountain Immortal Gu, pulling water Immortal Gu, star eyes Immortal Gu, and calamity beckoning Immortal Gu.


 Iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu and connect luck Immortal Gu had already been placed in treasure yellow heaven by Ying Wu Xie, and since treasure yellow heaven was closed, these two Immortal Gu were also trapped within it.


 Eat Strength, Cleanse Soul, Fixed Immortal Travel, Star Shoot, Star Mark and Starlight had all self-detonated under Fang Yuan’s special will, and Ying Wu Xie had not been able to save them.


 Naturally, this information could be false as well.


 Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair were not bound by information path methods. The bottom lines of both sides had to be probed out by themselves. Maybe Ying Wu Xie had secretly withheld some Immortal Gu, but Fang Yuan had already done everything he could and had no way to make Ying Wu Xie spit them out.


 After all, every time Fang Yuan transacted, he would be betraying Lang Ya Sect once more, and his tough stance would weaken by some degree. While Shadow Sect had obtained a portion of the immortal materials and their weak stance gradually strengthened by some degree.


 Of course, Fang Yuan had the firm upper hand from start to finish. After all, Ying Wu Xie was the one in a bad situation.


 But Fang Yuan also did not want Ying Wu Xie to die so quickly.


 If he died, as long as he left behind some clues to Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan would soon be met with disaster.


 It was a much better situation with Ying Wu Xie attracting the enemies ahead of him. Heavenly Court and Shadow Sect could mutually weaken each other, while Fang Yuan observed from the sidelines.


 Fang Yuan was aware that since he had stolen sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Shadow Sect would absolutely try to kill him. But this was also a reason for Shadow Sect to secretly protect him.


 Ma Hong Yun’s example was right in front of him. Fang Yuan knew he was Ma Hong Yun from Shadow Sect’s point of view, Shadow Sect definitely wanted to re-refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu. It was just that the situation currently did not permit them to do this.


 Since Ying Wu Xie had looked for Fang Yuan to do transactions, it meant he was truly at a dead end. Fang Yuan had to leave him some hope.


 If Fang Yuan truly forced him until he gave up and went to drag both of them down, Fang Yuan would also be implicated and might even die.


 In fact, what Sixth Hair said at the beginning had been effective.



***
Chapter 1080 - Flying Bear Transformation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days later, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Two figures were cutting through the air, before they suddenly stopped.


 “This land is a desolate area, it is suitable for our spar.” The figure ahead observed the surroundings, and spoke leisurely.


 “Brother Fang is right.” The figure behind was a hairy man Gu Immortal named Twelfth Hair, he spoke brightly and with a grin on his face.


 Compared to the other hairy man Gu Immortals in Lang Ya Sect, Twelfth Hair was somewhat special.


 Because he not only cultivated refinement path, but also cultivated enslavement path. He was a dual cultivator of refinement and enslavement path.


 It was not an easy thing for Gu Immortals to cultivate two paths, because almost all Gu Immortals only had one immortal aperture. When they underwent immortal ascension, the Gu worm they used for breaking open their aperture into an immortal aperture would be what decided their main cultivation path. The dao marks added on from passing tribulations would mostly be of their main path as well.


 However, in this world, there were many Gu Immortals that cultivated two paths as well, they were mostly rank six and rank seven. Cultivating one path primarily, while cultivating another path as a secondary path.


 Such Gu Immortals often had fortuitous encounters, obtaining Immortal Gu that were suitable for cultivating two paths. For instance, Fang Yuan’s eat strength Immortal Gu could increase his strength path dao marks. If Gu Immortals of other paths obtained it, they could also dual cultivate strength path.


 Twelfth Hair was not an exception.


 In his early years, because of an unexpected surprise when refining Gu, he obtained a completely new Gu embryo from the failed refinement. After his immortal ascension, he raised this Gu to rank six and named it Immortal Slave. This Gu could add enslavement path dao marks to his body.


 This made him rather special among all the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 The previous Lang Ya land spirit had taken great care of him. Although enslavement path did not have much of a relation to refinement path, Lang Ya land spirit encouraged Twelfth Hair to continue cultivating both paths, because the enslavement path dao marks in Twelfth Hair could provide huge help when refining enslavement path Immortal Gu.


 The current Lang Ya land spirit regarded Twelfth Hair with even more respect. But what he prioritized was the aspect of battle strength. Twelfth Hair cultivated enslavement path, this was an excellent foundation. Lang Ya land spirit even gave beast enslavement Immortal Gu to him, intending to nurture him as their enslavement path battle strength!


 Every emperor had his own favorites, but Twelfth Hair was even more well-liked and was the favorite of the current Lang Ya land spirit.


 Fang Yuan had not been very sure on the details about these hairy men. But in the secret transactions with Ying Wu Xie, he obtained much intel about Lang Ya blessed land.


 The intel could not be said to be very precious, but they were of extremely huge help to Fang Yuan, letting him have a comprehensive understanding of Lang Ya Sect.


 Fang Yuan and Twelfth Hair both descended to the ground.


 Cloud Cover Continent’s ground was made from cloud soil, it was white and slightly soft. It was very different from the sensation of an ordinary muddy surface.


 “Twelfth brother, please.” Fang Yuan gestured with his hand.


 “Haha, Brother Fang, I won’t stand on ceremony then! Chestnut yak, come out!” Twelfth Hair laughed loudly, he somersaulted and while landing on the ground, he hit the ground with his palms.


 He looked like he was horsing around, before suddenly performed a kneeling ceremony towards Fang Yuan.


 Gu Immortals paid attention to their bearing, this kind of humiliating action was absolutely avoided by human Gu Immortals. But these hairy man Gu Immortals were different, they had gone through the previous Lang Ya land spirit’s nurturing, each of them were very straightforward with very shallow battle strength!


 Over these last days, Fang Yuan was already used to the unusual.


 Twelfth Hair knelt towards Fang Yuan, his excited expression suddenly stiffened.


 “Ah.” He raised his head, looking at Fang Yuan, “How embarrassing, I failed.”


 “No problem.” Fang Yuan warmly smiled: “It is an immortal killer move, failure in activation is an unavoidable matter, try again.”


 “Yes, yes!” Twelfth Hair repeatedly nodded his head, somersaulting once again towards the back and with a slam, his knees and hands touched the ground simultaneously.


 ...


 Silence.


 After being at a standstill for several breaths of time, Twelfth Hair stuck his tongue out, licking his lips: “Damn, I failed again. Let me try again!”


 Swoosh!


 A somersault.


 Slam.


 Kneeling towards Fang Yuan.


 ...


 Another few seconds of standstill, but there was still silence.


 “Let me try again! I don’t believe it.” Twelfth Hair shouted in determination.


 Swoosh!


 A somersault.


 Slam.


 Kneeling towards Fang Yuan.


 ...


 Another few seconds of standstill, but there was still silence.


 “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, wait a while.” Twelfth Hair said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan warmly smiled: “It is understandable, understandable.”


 Twelfth Hair gratefully nodded his head as he made an attempt again.


 Swoosh!


 A somersault.


 Slam.


 Kneeling towards Fang Yuan.


 ...


 Another few seconds of standstill, but there was still silence.


 This continued for a dozen or so times without any success. Fang Yuan had not even made any move, but Twelfth Hair had already spurted out several mouthfuls of blood, moreover blood was seeping out of his ears as well, his face getting paler and paler.


 Failure in activating an immortal killer move would cause backlash to the Gu Immortal.


 Even Fang Yuan also could not bear to see this continue, and could not resist reminding: “From my observation, twelfth brother, your somersaulting has almost no use towards the immortal killer move, might as well try discarding it.”


 “Somersaulting?” Twelfth Hair scratched his head and said, innocently, “This is my meticulously designed movement. Don’t you feel somersaulting will make me look imposing and cool?”


 Fang Yuan’s face almost was distorted to the point of lines appearing, as he thought: “Your movement of kneeling towards your enemy is indeed ‘imposing’.”


 But Twelfth Hair was also an obedient person who knew to correct his mistake: “Since Brother Fang thinks it is inappropriate, then I will change it.”


 After that, Twelfth Hair no longer somersaulted.


 Instead, slam, he directly knelt towards Fang Yuan.


 It was a standstill, several breaths later, he stood up, puffing out a mouthful of blood, refusing to give in, he said: “Let me try again.”


 Several tries later, an azure blue radiance suddenly blossomed from Twelfth Hair’s hands.


 The radiance quickly enlarged, and actually formed a blue lake on the ground.


 The lake water surged and a cattle shaped desolate beast rode the giant wave, charging towards Fang Yuan.


 Rumble!


 The blue lake water washed to the shore, the giant yak stepped on the ground and grunted towards the sky.


 Whoosh—!


 A formless sound wave squeezed out the air and actually stirred up a vortex.


 This giant yak was bluish black with a large head and thick lips. A pair of bull horns spaced quite far apart pierced towards the sky.


 It had a wide chest and a large stomach, but it gradually became slim towards the rear. The whole body looked huge at the front and small at the back.


 The lower side of its body and its four legs were covered with thick hair that were drooping down to the ground. Its tail was thick and large like a brown broom.


 There was no doubt of the might of this giant yak, and it also had a superb debut, brimming with a tyrannical aura, forming a completely stark comparison with Twelfth Hair’s performance.


 However....


 Fang Yuan did not care.


 Chestnut yak... this giant yak might be a desolate beast, but it was well-known for its low battle strength. The impressions of many Gu Immortals towards it were of the unique flavor of its meat, it could be eaten raw and tasted like chestnuts. This was the reason for its name.


 But the chestnut yak’s battle strength was naturally not the weakest among desolate beasts.


 The publicly recognized weakest desolate beast were desolate beast dragonfish, which Fang Yuan was breeding.


 “It finally activated.” Twelfth Hair was jubilant, and shouted as he pointed at Fang Yuan, “Chestnut yak, charge!”


 Snort!


 The chestnut yak grunted towards the sky once again, but did not move.


 Twelfth Hair’s face flushed with embarrassment, and seeming holding back his anger, he commanded again: “Charge, charge, charge, you foolish yak!”


 The chestnut yak only then started to rush forward.


 It was already at a very short distance away from Fang Yuan, and reached Fang Yuan within a few steps.


 Strong winds surged forward.


 The chestnut yak was enormous, and as it rushed, it was like four carriages stacked together, it had quite an imposing aura.


 Fang Yuan chuckled.


 Inside his immortal aperture, change form Immortal Gu flew up.


 Following it, all kinds of supplementary mortal Gu flew up and revolved around change form Immortal Gu.


 Transformation path immortal killer move — Flying Bear Transformation!


 Bright radiance suddenly erupted.


 An intense light forced Twelfth Hair to close his eyes.


 Twelfth Hair quickly activated his investigative Gu, a layer of transparent crystal covered his eyes and he was able to open his eyes again.


 The light had yet to dissipate, but Twelfth Hair was able to see the scene clearly.


 Bam.


 The chestnut yak seemed to have collided into a giant beast.


 This giant beast was even larger than it.


 The chestnut yak’s collision showed no results.


 At this time, the light dissipated, and revealed the true appearance of the giant beast.


 This was a giant white bear, its physique was burly and bulky, and its body was covered in short and densely packed white fur. It had sharp claws, and its short tail was curled up like a white pompom, appearing somewhat cute.


 This was a transformation of Fang Yuan, into a desolate beast flying bear.


 When the chestnut yak saw this flying bear, its eyes immediately popped open as its imposing aura vanished like a flickering candle, it gave a miserable cry before actually turning around and running away.


 Twelfth Hair yelled furiously at this: “You cowardly yak, you are also a desolate beast, damn it, go back.”


 He activated his enslavement path method and was only able to regain his control over the chestnut yak after it had ran a large distance. The yak once again charged towards the flying bear.


 The chestnut yak was herbivorous and had a docile nature. This chestnut yak had been raised by the previous Lang Ya land spirit in order to use its meat as Gu refinement immortal material.


 Because of Shadow Sect’s sudden attack, Lang Ya blessed land’s other desolate beasts all died. So Twelfth Hair could only use this chestnut yak to practice his skills.


 Fang Yuan quietly stood on the spot and only when the yak had reached in front of him, did he exert strength in his limbs and erupt.


 Whoosh!


 The flying bear’s enormous physique did not implicate its speed in the least, as it easily dodged to the side.


 The chestnut yak brushed past the flying bear.


 The flying bear roared and suddenly turned around, leaping towards the sky.


 As it descended, the flying bear stretched out its right paw and slammed at the back of the chestnut yak.


 Bam.


 There was a strong collision, white cloud soil flew all around.


 The chestnut yak was heavily injured and was actually slammed to the ground by one smack from the flying bear.


 A huge crater formed on the level ground.


 The chestnut yak was defeated in the blink of an eye, lying on the crater without moving, its eyes revealed its terror and its whole body was trembling.



***
Chapter 1081 - Fang Yuan Contributes a Plan


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The chestnut yak was slammed down by Fang Yuan’s own paw, and did not dare to climb back up again.


 No matter what methods Twelfth Hair used, he was unable to make this chestnut yak climb back up and fight again.


 “The desolate beast is weak, the Gu Immortal is also useless.” Fang Yuan shook his head internally, and dispelled his immortal killer move.


 In moments, the giant flying bear turned into a ball of light.


 From within the ball, Fang Yuan’s figure slowly walked out and descended to the ground.


 “I lost once again. Brother Fang is truly amazing!” Twelfth Hair tried for a long time but seeing no success, he could only cup his fists towards Fang Yuan, admitting defeat.


 He and Fang Yuan had sparred several times already.


 At first, after he lost, he did not admit defeat and remained obstinate. But after several times, he was already less affected, loss became normal and victory instead was the anomaly.


 “Twelfth brother, you should practice your immortal killer move more frequently. And this chestnut yak is weak and timid, it is better if you change to another desolate beast as soon as possible.” Fang Yuan advised.


 Twelfth Hair repeatedly nodded his head and sighed: “This is all because treasure yellow heaven is closed! When it opens, I will immediately buy a desolate beast for combat. This yak already has none of its wild nature left, I already thought of throwing it away. But I need to bear the cost of buying a desolate beast myself, this is the rule created after the sect was established. Sigh, my beast enslavement Immortal Gu is also not mine, I still need to pay to use it. Enough talking, I need to hurry back to refine Gu and sell them to earn immortal essence stones.”


 “See you.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Twelfth Hair took back the chestnut yak and hurriedly left.


 “Good, I have obtained twenty sect contribution points again.” Fang Yuan gazed at the receding figure of Twelfth Hair, his mind rippling with some joy.


 Over these last few days, he had not only been sparring with Twelfth Hair, he also had similar contact with other hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Although the secret transactions between Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair had already finished, Sixth Hair repeatedly visiting Fang Yuan’s cloud city during the process was a small flaw.


 Although Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect and become an external supreme elder, there had always been a barrier between him and the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 After all, the human race was powerful currently while hairy men were a type of variant human which suffered persecution from humans.


 Fang Yuan might be on their side, but the hairy man Gu Immortals kept away from him. Why would Sixth Hair suddenly pay visits to Fang Yuan on his own initiative? This would certainly incite doubts.


 To fix this flaw, after the transaction, Sixth Hair subtly revealed to the other hairy man Gu Immortals that he looked for Fang Yuan in order to raise his battle strength. Because the previous sudden invasion by Shadow Sect, along with the tribulations just now, had made him feel his battle strength was truly lacking, so he looked for the human Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan, to ask for advice.


 To increase the trustworthiness of his words, Sixth Hair sparred with the other hairy man Gu Immortals and defeated them.


 Sixth Hair was a spy, one of the split souls of Spectral Soul. He had deep combat proficiency and just using a little bit of it was enough for him to easily defeat them all.


 This event caused a commotion in the small circle of hairy man Gu Immortals, even Lang Ya land spirit heard about it and affirmed Sixth Hair’s actions in front of everyone. He even encouraged other hairy man Gu Immortals to ask for guidance from Fang Yuan. After all, the extremely low battle strength of the hairy man Gu Immortals had all along been a worry for Lang Ya land spirit.


 After Sixth Hair, other hairy man Gu Immortals went to Fang Yuan for guidance. With just a little thinking, Fang Yuan realized Sixth Hair’s intention and enthusiastically welcomed the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Because this was a profitable thing with no harm to Fang Yuan.


 First of all, he would be relying on Lang Ya Sect for a long period of time to cultivate more conveniently and be safer when undergoing tribulations. So having a good relationship with these hairy man Gu Immortals was a must.


 Second, like Sixth Hair’s considerations, Fang Yuan had to cooperate as well to make up for the flaw created because of the transactions.


 Lastly, Fang Yuan needed sect contribution points.


 From now on, if he wanted Lang Ya land spirit’s help to borrow the strength of Lang Ya Sect, he could not always negotiate deals with Lang Ya land spirit.


 Previously, he could make deals with Lang Ya land spirit because the land spirit had taken a fancy upon his Luo Po Valley, Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu.


 But from now on, to make Lang Ya Sect help him, the main thing would be to use sect contribution points.


 This was Lang Ya Sect’s rule. Even Lang Ya land spirit took the initiative to comply to it.


 Lang Ya land spirit had already issued sect missions, the types of missions were mainly about guiding hairy man Gu Immortals to raise their battle strength.


 Lang Ya land spirit himself was not suitable for these missions, and Fang Yuan was the only suitable candidate.


 In these last few days, Fang Yuan guided many hairy man Gu Immortals and the response was extremely enthusiastic.


 Even when the hairy man Gu Immortals who came later did not receive good training, they did not blame Fang Yuan and instead found reasons caused by themselves.


 On one hand, Sixth Hair set an example, on the other, Fang Yuan knew about the information of these hairy men, and used his exquisite communicative skills to enthusiastically get along with them, making these hairy man Gu Immortals have a huge change in their impression of Fang Yuan.


 As for why Fang Yuan knew about the information of these hairy man Gu Immortals, that was because he had obtained a lot of intel about Lang Ya blessed land from his transactions with Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan calculated: “With this, my sect contribution points amount to over one hundred and forty. This is quite lucrative.”


 Every time he gave guidance would provide Fang Yuan twenty sect contribution points.


 Previously, when Fang Yuan had lent Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley and other resources, he had only earned about three hundred contribution points.


 “These one hundred and forty sect contribution points are enough to exchange for some flowing light fruits.” With such thoughts, Fang Yuan moved towards the first cloud city.


 In first cloud city, he saw Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit sized up Fang Yuan and praised: “As worthy of change form Immortal Gu! This hairy man Gu Immortal you have transformed into has almost no flaws, unless I use investigative Immortal Gu.”


 When Fang Yuan was arriving, he suddenly had a brilliant idea, and used change form Immortal Gu to transform into a hairy man Gu Immortal.


 His aim was clear, it was to get into to Lang Ya land spirit’s good books.


 Lang Ya land spirit held the ideology of hairy men rulership, and when he saw this appearance of Fang Yuan, he smiled happily and started praising change form Immortal Gu. In fact, he found his opinion of Fang Yuan rising.


 Fang Yuan, however, sighed and spoke with a bitter tone: “This transformation is still not complete, although I have change form Immortal Gu, I lack everlasting Immortal Gu. If I had everlasting Immortal Gu, I could completely transform into a hairy man and truly become a member of Lang Ya Sect! Lord first supreme elder, you might not know, but after these days of being in contact with other hairy man Gu Immortals, I am deeply moved. Human Gu Immortals are crafty and on guard against each other. But hairy men are forthright and sincere, united, warm and cordial, this is a true home. I already can’t bear to part with this place.”


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily and repeatedly patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder: “Fang Yuan, having such an awareness is good, very good!”


 If he knew Fang Yuan had transacted with Shadow Sect just some days ago and did not report the spy, he would flay Fang Yuan, this insidious fellow, alive!


 But what a pity, Lang Ya land spirit did not know any of it.


 “I have seen your actions over these last days. You have guided these children and raised their battle strength by a lot, especially Sixth Hair’s! Good, good. These last days, I have heard a lot of good things about you from other hairy man Gu Immortals. Ah, what matter did you come for this time?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 “I wanted to use some sect contribution points to exchange for some flowing light fruits.” Fang Yuan replied.


 “That’s a small matter! As long as your contributions are enough, exchanging for flowing light fruits is no problem.” Lang Ya land spirit waved his hand and said frankly.


 Fang Yuan pretended to hesitate: “I have a very slight opinion regarding Lang Ya Sect’s development. I don’t know if I should say it or not?”


 “Tell me about it, I’m listening.” Lang Ya land spirit squinted his eyes and smiled.


 Fang Yuan spoke: “Over these last days of sparring with many hairy man Gu Immortals, I made some findings. Their battle strength needs to be raised urgently, but how to raise them is the problem. Because all of them primarily cultivate refinement path, and although refinement path also has offensive methods, it is inferior to the offensive prowess of other paths.”


 Lang Ya land spirit nodded, Fang Yuan’s words hit his core problems, he could not help but sigh: “This is precisely what I am worried about.”


 Fang Yuan continued: “Actually, there is a good way to increase battle strength, that is transformation path.”


 “Transformation path?”


 “Right.” Fang Yuan slowed down, before continuing: “Among all the Gu cultivation paths, to speak of the one that can increase battle strength the fastest, that would be blood path. But blood path is extremely dangerous and is too threatening to others! Its reputation is vile and it is hated by everyone. Moreover, if one’s blood path cultivation is even slightly high, their name will be added to Heavenly Court’s Demon Judgment Board, and that would expose us. So, blood path won’t do.”


 “You are right!” Lang Ya land spirit approved.


 Actually, he was also apprehensive towards blood path. If hairy man Gu Immortals cultivated blood path, he was worried if it would lead to internal strife and conflicts in Lang Ya Sect.


 Fang Yuan spoke with assurance: “Besides blood path, the path that can increase battle strength the fastest is transformation path. The threshold for transformation path is very low, its immortal killer moves also don’t require any planning, any kind of transformation is an immortal killer move. Normal immortal killer moves require at least a few years of trial and error, right?”


 “And in Lang Ya Sect, there are large numbers of Immortal Gu recipes which includes many transformation path Immortal Gu recipes. We have many Immortal Gu recipes but few immortal killer moves. If hairy man Gu Immortals cultivate refinement path primarily and transformation path as the secondary path, they can take advantage of the strengths and avoid the weaknesses.”


 “The hairy man Gu Immortals are not hardened, to raise their battle strength would not be a day’s work. If they transformed into desolate beasts, their bodies would become tougher, even if they make some mistakes in battles, it won’t be much of a problem, they can fight back. It won’t be like other paths such as fire path and water path, the body is extremely weak and without defensive methods, they would be in extreme danger in the battlefield.”


 “Transformation path Immortal Gu recipes are easy to deduce and their immortal materials are easy to obtain, thus the Immortal Gu are easy to refine as well.”


 “Hairy man Gu Immortals can transform into desolate beasts to fight, and it can also be a way to disguise their hairy man identities. Although Lang Ya Sect has deep foundations, the five regions are still ruled by humans. As long as we can do so, we should give as little chance to expose ourselves as possible.”



***
Chapter 1082 - Quality over Quantity?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya land spirit could only keep on nodding at Fang Yuan’s well-founded words.


 “Reasonable, reasonable!” He praised.


 “I am flattered. This is only my shallow opinion.” Fang Yuan spoke modestly.


 Land spirits were straightforward, Lang Ya land spirit did not understand Fang Yuan’s modesty, retorting with a shake of his head: “No, this is not just a shallow opinion, it is a true insight. Your words have inspired me greatly, they are a huge contribution towards Lang Ya Sect.”


 “According to Lang Ya Sect’s rules, just this contribution could have raised your status by one level. For instance, Sixth Hair could promote to Fifth Hair. But you are not a true hairy man Gu Immortal right now, so you can only receive two hundred sect contribution points.”


 At the end, Lang Ya land spirit looked at Fang Yuan and sighed in regret.


 Fang Yuan also showed an extremely regrettable expression on his face.


 He was only an external elder at present and did not need to complete any missions, and every month, he would get ten sect contribution points. However, other hairy man Gu Immortals were genuine members, and their monthly earnings were much higher. Moreover, the higher the hairy man Gu Immortal’s ranking, the more sect contribution points they would receive each month.


 “How I wish to become a true hairy man!” Fang Yuan lamented, showing a genuine and sincere expression on his face, as if he truly wanted that.


 Lang Ya land spirit spoke: “It is a pity that treasure yellow heaven is closed at the moment, once it opens, I will start a large scale purchase of the desolate beasts.”


 “I have a slight opinion about this.” Fang Yuan quickly spoke, “There are many hairy man Gu Immortals, and to nurture them, no matter how great our sect’s assets are, we won’t be able to bear such expenses. Moreover, this is not the way to run a business. I suggest we develop our own resources.”


 “Oh? How do you propose we do that?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan replied: “Simple, like other super forces, we occupy the resources in the five regions.”


 Lang Ya land spirit showed a reluctant expression.


 He had already thought of this before and also carefully pondered its advantages and disadvantages, before considering it an undesirable choice.


 The reason was evident, hairy men were variant humans, and could not be out in the open in the current age.


 Although there were variant human forces in Northern Plains, one clear example being Inkman City, this Inkman City only had one inkman Gu Immortal publicly. And in history, Inkman City’s founder, Immortal Yi Yan, had paid a heavy price to reach an agreement with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. These two factors allowed Inkman City to barely be able to survive amidst the countless powerful human forces.


 If Lang Ya Sect’s force appeared in the open, with so many hairy man Gu Immortals, it would definitely provoke human Gu Immortals, encroaching upon their bottom line.


 Whether it be righteous path, demonic path or lone immortal forces, they would not easily allow the existence of such a powerful outside force.


 Lang Ya land spirit might be straightforward, but he was not foolish. He wholeheartedly wanted to make hairy men rule the world, but he was still very aware of the current situation.


 However, Fang Yuan had already expected this reaction from Lang Ya land spirit, as he continued: “First supreme elder, I am not suggesting for Lang Ya Sect to openly fight with human forces for the outside world’s resources. We will instead focus on occupying the resources they have not occupied, and secretly develop.”


 Realization dawned upon Lang Ya land spirit: “You are referring to those dangerous forbidden areas?”


 Northern Plains was vast and broad, but the large and super forces had already split the cultivation resources found within it. What remained mainly were the ten great fierce areas.


 “First supreme elder is wise!” Fang Yuan immediately gave a thumbs up in admiring fashion: “The ten great fierce areas are dangerous, but at the same time, they contain plentiful opportunities. In my opinion, Earth Trench is a good place. We can set up a teleportation Gu formation, letting the hairy man Gu Immortals freely go back and forth the blessed land and Earth Trench. There are countless desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts in Earth Trench, they are perfect for the hairy man Gu Immortals to train their combat abilities. Moreover, by killing these desolate beasts, we can use their body parts to refine transformation path Immortal Gu. If we capture these desolate beasts, we can also use beast enslavement Immortal Gu to enslave them and make them aid us, increasing the defense of the blessed land.”


 One of the crucial components for this was a teleportation Gu formation.


 Accurately speaking, a Gu formation that could transport Gu Immortals.


 Lang Ya Sect undoubtedly possessed such a method.


 Because when Fang Yuan was previously hurrying back from Southern Border, he used the teleportation Gu formation at Feng Bo Cliff to get rid of those troublesome cloud beasts and return to Lang Ya blessed land.


 That teleportation Gu formation had left a deep impression on Fang Yuan.


 Lang Ya land spirit sank into contemplation: “This matter is too significant, I need to consider it properly.”


 “I am only suggesting, the significant matters in the sect still need to be decided by you, first supreme elder. If my suggestion is flawed, I hope you can be lenient.”


 Fang Yuan was deeply aware that pushing too much could be detrimental, he changed the topic to the flowing light fruits he wanted to obtain.


 After a while, he left with a large number of flowing light fruits.


 Parting with the land spirit, he returned to his own cloud city and immediately started arranging these flowing light fruits.


 Flowing light fruits were not ordinary fruits.


 They were formed from pure bundles of light, if ordinary people were to try to touch them, they would just pass through their hands. Special methods were needed to collect these fruits.


 These fruits did not grow on plants or trees like ordinary fruits either, instead they were a pure materialization of dense aurora lights.


 Aurora lights were of many colors, so the same went for flowing light fruits, having all kinds of color like red, brown, yellow, green, black, blue, purple, etc.


 Flowing light fruits were the food of attitude Gu.


 The reason Fang Yuan exchanged for flowing light fruits was because of this.


 Ever since the transactions, the Immortal Gu Fang Yuan possessed had suddenly increased to a terrifying number.


 Counting his current collection.


 Rank nine Immortal Gu: wisdom Gu.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu: attitude Gu, wisdom sword Gu.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu: Change Soul, Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Sword Escape, Calamity Beckoning.


 Rank six Immortal Gu: Unravel Mystery, Woman’s Heart, Blood Asset, Dark Limit, Dog Shit Luck, Change Form, Strength Qi, Self Strength, Flying Bear Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Landscape as Before, Man as Before, Star Eyes.


 Among them, to refine Bo Qing’s sword path Gu worms, Fang Yuan had left Woman’s Heart in Hu Immortal blessed land before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. He had used the light of wisdom to construct a Gu formation, in which Unravel Mystery and Woman’s Heart were two components. But Unravel Mystery was brought away by Fang Yuan after it had been activated at the start. Woman’s Heart, however, needed to remain in the Gu formation, until Bo Qing’s sword path Immortal Gu were successfully refined, before it could be taken out.


 Because of this, after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Fang Yuan used Lang Ya Sect to completely move away the resources in the two blessed lands, Woman’s Heart was also taken by Lang Ya blessed land before finally returning to Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Connect luck Gu and iron crown eagle strength Gu, which originally belonged to Fang Yuan, were placed in treasure yellow heaven by Ying Wu Xie, so Fang Yuan was not able to obtain them during the transactions. After finishing the transactions, it was even more impossible for him to get them back.


 Among the star path Gu worms, only star eyes Immortal Gu returned to Fang Yuan’s possession, while it was a mystery whether the other Immortal Gu like Star Shoot, Star Mark, Starlight and Star Thought were in Ying Wu Xie’s hands, he did not know if they still existed or not.


 In the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage broke down, many of its Gu worms were destroyed, but there were still some Gu worms remaining which had been left behind in the immortal zombie body’s immortal aperture. Fang Yuan was not too familiar with those Gu worms and he did not even remember their appearances (the loss of memories), and also did know how many of them were withheld by Ying Wu Xie.


 It was not that Fang Yuan did not want to take these Gu worms back, but before he could even talk about it, Ying Wu Xie had already concluded the transaction.


 Normally speaking, there was a rule for Immortal Gu, quality over quantity.


 Forget about mortal Gu, even for a large number of mortal Gu, Gu Immortals could raise them.


 Immortal Gu were the key factor in measuring a Gu Immortal’s strength.


 Very few Gu Immortals raised as many Immortal Gu as Fang Yuan currently possessed.


 Even many rank eight Gu Immortals did not have as many as Fang Yuan.


 This was not in the least bit exaggerated.


 It was enough for most Gu Immortals to have two or three Immortal Gu. Naturally, these Immortal Gu were suited for their ranks.


 One Immortal Gu, when matched with large numbers of different combinations of mortal Gu, could result in different immortal killer moves and produce different effects which covered offense, defense, movement, healing and other aspects.


 But just one Immortal Gu was not enough.


 Because with just one Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortal could only activate one immortal killer move at one time. If they used a defensive killer move, they would not have offensive methods, or they would lose their movement advantage, and could only be in a passive situation. If they used offense, then they would not have defensive method, which could cause the Gu Immortal’s situation to be very dangerous.


 But with two Immortal Gu, both could be simultaneously used to cover all aspects.


 Having more than three Immortal Gu would become a burden, generally, they could not be nurtured properly and used.


 After all, activating Immortal Gu required immortal essence.


 There were few examples where someone used higher rank Immortal Gu like Fang Yuan using rank seven Immortal Gu. It was because he was a special case and his experiences were different from the vast majority of Gu Immortals.


 Gu Immortals were very selective in choosing Immortal Gu.


 They were selective not in terms of quantity, but they focused on and limited the range of types of Immortal Gu.


 A fire path Gu Immortal would perform best with fire path Immortal Gu, using water path or ice path would simply be looking for trouble. Even if they had Immortal Gu of other paths, they could at most be used as supplementary Gu worms for immortal killer moves.


 The quality of Immortal Gu was valued, not their number, this was common sense in the cultivation world, almost all Gu Immortals knew of it.


 To Fang Yuan, however, this was not applicable.


 Because he had the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.


 He had no worries about not having enough space in his immortal aperture. The rate of time was also fast, allowing the resources inside to grow extremely quickly.


 These were all part of his potential.


 Fang Yuan was already aware he had the potential to bear the burden of supporting large numbers of Immortal Gu!


 Since he had this potential, he naturally would excavate as much of it as possible.


 The second reason was that Fang Yuan was earning a lot daily, his current financial condition was extremely good.


 His sovereign immortal aperture produced ninety-six beads of immortal essence every year. This one year was in relation to the time in the immortal aperture. In terms of the time in the outside world, his aperture would produce sixteen beads of immortal essence every day.


 This number was already a lot, even those of the ten extreme physiques could not compare to it. When factoring in Fang Yuan’s monthly income, this number was simply a drop in the bucket.


 This meant Fang Yuan had the capital to provide for these Immortal Gu.


 There was also Lang Ya Sect, which could be relied upon to a certain degree.


 These three reasons added up to make Fang Yuan determined in raising large numbers of Immortal Gu to raise his battle strength.


 There was no other way, whether it was facing heaven’s will or the calamities and tribulations, Fang Yuan needed to ensure his strength was high.


 A Gu Immortal’s battle strength mostly came from their Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves.


 Currently, Fang Yuan had few immortal killer moves, and he could not use wisdom Gu either, deducing more would require too much time, so he could only place his efforts in the aspect of Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was naturally aware of Ying Wu Xie’s scheme, it was to increase Fang Yuan’s burden by giving him these Immortal Gu, and letting him have no time and energy to influence Shadow Sect’s movements.


 However, Fang Yuan needed large numbers of Immortal Gu to keep up his battle strength.


 He also had the potential and the capital to raise these Immortal Gu.


 This was completely different from when he was an immortal zombie.


 The nine-five sovereign immortal aperture was the most crucial reason!



***
Chapter 1083 - Feeding Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Most of Fang Yuan’s attention was on his immortal aperture.


 Large numbers of light path mortal Gu flew around before carrying flowing light fruits towards the sky.


 Piercing through layers and layers of ‘heavens’, after a long period of flying, these flowing light fruits finally reached the highest layer.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was divided into five regions and nine heavens.


 After considering it, Fang Yuan stored all the flowing light fruits in the highest layer.


 “Although there are quite a few space path dao marks, I cannot imitate land spirits and directly use space path dao marks to teleport. After all, there is a huge difference between a Gu Immortal and land spirit. Land spirits are special existences formed from heavenly power merged with the Gu Immortal’s obsession.”


 “The sovereign immortal aperture is extremely vast, it seems I will have to arrange a transportation Gu formation inside to facilitate the ease of transferring resources, and to adjust the structure and the layout of the various resources.”


 Fang Yuan’s thought process was quite scattered.


 Right now, all the flowing light fruits had entered the highest layer of the aperture.


 The Gu worms Fang Yuan had mobilized brought the flowing light fruits to a specific location.


 Poof poof poof...


 In the next moment, soft explosions went off endlessly.


 The flowing light fruits self-detonated one after the other.


 Each flowing light fruit was not big, but after self-detonation, they rapidly formed into aurora lights that filled the sky, shining with all kinds of colors, forming a beautiful sight.


 The essence of these flowing light fruits was condensed aurora light.


 The reason Fang Yuan gathered these flowing light fruits was to feed attitude Gu, but why was he detonating these flowing light fruits?


 It was because although the quantity of these flowing light fruits was not small, it was far from enough to fill attitude Gu.


 Attitude Gu was a rank eight Immortal Gu, although its duration between feeding times was extremely long, every feeding session required an enormous amount of flowing light fruits.


 This was normal when feeding Gu worms.


 Normally, the higher the rank of the Gu worms, the more food they required, but the interval between each feeding session would increase greatly as well.


 Gu worms altogether had nine ranks, rank eight was only below rank nine, the amount of food attitude Gu required was naturally an enormous number.


 So Fang Yuan obtained these flowing light fruits in order to produce more fruits from them.


 He detonated eighty percent of these fruits. He let the remaining twenty percent of the fruits float to the sky, nourishing them in the vast aurora lights.


 As for the light path mortal Gu which carried the fruits, Fang Yuan retrieved and stored them.


 “My sect contribution points were originally not many, but who could have thought that after giving a suggestion, Lang Ya land spirit himself increased my sect contribution points. And I was able to exchange for a satisfying number of these flowing light fruits.”


 “Next, I need to bring in large numbers of a mortal Gu, dazzling light Gu, to let these aurora lights grow.”


 Dazzling light Gu could erupt with red aurora lights, to maintain their survival, Fang Yuan would need to add in their food here, which was scorching swan stones.


 However, neither of these were available in Lang Ya Sect’s treasury, Fang Yuan needed to wait until treasure yellow heaven reopened to put this plan into action.


 “Moreover, dazzling light Gu is only the simplest method to produce aurora lights, it is not very effective.”


 “There are Gu Immortals in treasure yellow heaven who sells flowing light fruits. I remember that among them are Visitor Can Xia, Qing Hui Zi and Fairy Cai Xia. Maybe I can ask for guidance from them, paying an amount to purchase their insights. But whether this succeeds or not, it will depend on their decision.”


 There was still quite a long time before attitude Gu starved.


 Fang Yuan was planning for the future by doing this.


 After all, attitude Gu’s appetite was too huge, making prior preparations wouldn’t be the least harmful.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s situation was still rather leisurely.


 Although he had gained a lot of Immortal Gu, it was not the time to feed most of them.


 And the first earthly calamity had been passed not long ago, there was still ample time before the second calamity.


 Fang Yuan now intended to focus on managing his immortal aperture as his main priority.


 “I have already prepared for attitude Gu’s feeding. But attitude Gu is not mine, there is Hei Lou Lan’s will inside it. Right now, I know that Hei Lou Lan has betrayed the agreement and sided with Ying Wu Xie; so some of the information path restrictions on me should have been broken as well.”


 “That means I can now refine this attitude Gu to make it my own!”


 Attitude Gu was the greatest harvest Fang Yuan made recently.


 Even Fang Yuan, when he borrowed Gu from Hei Lou Lan back then, had not thought there would be a day attitude Gu would fall into his hands.


 But refining attitude Gu was not a simple matter.


 Because attitude Gu was not a wild Immortal Gu, moreover it was rank eight while Fang Yuan was merely a rank six Gu Immortal.


 For him to forcibly refine a rank eight Immortal Gu of another person was not only incomparably difficult, it could also destroy attitude Gu if he did not handle it properly.


 “But I have a method which can help me refine Immortal Gu of others. That Gu formation which I thought of before, I will just name it wisdom refinement formation for now.”


 Fang Yuan casually chose a name.


 He was not concerned about these minor details, which was why he only named the Gu formation now.


 Previously, he had robbed many sword path Immortal Gu from immortal zombie Bo Qing, and to refine them, he used the light of wisdom and star thoughts to deduce the wisdom refinement formation.


 The wisdom refinement formation was constructed by using the light of wisdom, with Woman’s Heart and Unravel Mystery as the cores and large numbers of supplementary mortal Gu.


 Change Soul, Sword Eyebrows, Flying Sword, Sword Escape, Wave Sword and rank eight Wisdom Sword were all refined by Fang Yuan with the help of the wisdom refinement formation.


 But the issue right now was that wisdom Gu did not acknowledge Fang Yuan, which meant he could not use light of wisdom, so how would he arrange the wisdom refinement formation?


 To bring about the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan’s soul had to be in his original body, only then could he obtain wisdom Gu’s acknowledgement.


 So this issue came down to the previous point, that was Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body.


 The plan of refining attitude Gu and making it completely his was set aside for the moment.


 Fang Yuan’s next plan was to feed wisdom sword Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu was like attitude Gu, it was similarly a rank eight Immortal Gu. It was classified under sword path and also under wisdom path.


 Wisdom sword cuts the threads of love!


 In the past, Sword Immortal Bo Qing used this Immortal Gu to cut the wisdom path dao marks left by love Gu on his body, getting rid of the restrictions and regaining his freedom. He even used this to incite Spirit Affinity House’s Fairy Mo Yao to rebel, using her for his own purposes.


 This wisdom sword Immortal Gu could be said to be an amazing method which helped Bo Qing to turn the tides of his situation!


 Right now, wisdom sword Immortal Gu was already refined by Fang Yuan.


 But it was rather difficult for Fang Yuan to use it currently.


 It was already very hard for Fang Yuan to use rank seven Immortal Gu. Using green grape immortal essence to activate wisdom sword Immortal Gu, if compared to a situation on Earth, might be like trying to run an aircraft carrier with two double A batteries.


 Wisdom sword Immortal Gu was a genuine rank eight Immortal Gu, and needed rank eight immortal essence to activate.


 One could see how outstanding attitude Gu was from this point.


 Although it was also a rank eight Immortal Gu, attitude Gu could be activated using mental energy and be freely used by even rank six Gu Immortals. It was worthy of being a legendary Immortal Gu recorded in >!


 “Wisdom sword Immortal Gu feeds on multicolored overlord flowers.”


 “This flower is extremely huge, each mature multicolored overlord flower can cover an enormous surrounding range. For the flower to mature, it requires large amounts of illumination, intense sweet scents as well as pearl soil.”


 This difficulty was very high, many times higher than flowing light fruits.


 Flowing light fruits were only a rank six immortal material, while multicolored overlord flowers were rank seven.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to plant multicolored overlord flowers on a large scale, he needed to fulfill three conditions. Illumination, sweet scents and pearl soil.


 First, illumination was quite difficult.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had about a hundred or so light path dao marks, so it was filled with some light and was not dim like his immortal zombie body’s dead aperture.


 But this light was certainly not enough to fulfill the demands of multicolored overlord flowers.


 Unless he used the aurora lights of flowing light fruits.


 But if he did that, his plans for flowing light fruits would be completely ruined. Light would be used up, it was consumable, especially since those aurora lights did not have any source right now.


 The most basic solution was to increase the number of light path dao marks in the immortal aperture.


 Light path Gu Immortals with deep foundation and accumulation often had limitless illumination in their immortal aperture.


 But for Fang Yuan to achieve this in a short period, apart from having the earthly calamity be a light path calamity, he would have to kill light path Gu Immortal and absorb their dao marks.


 The former was up to heaven’s will, it could not be relied upon, while the latter was dangerous and also not reliable. Battles were hazardous and terrifying. Back then, Fang Yuan was able to kill Qi Zai because the latter had underestimated him, chasing him all the way, Fang Yuan had also used the special terrain of the Five Regional Mountain Range and used familiar face before he killed Qi Zai, obtaining the corpse and the soul.


 The first condition, illumination, was the most difficult to resolve. There were many ways to obtain the other two, sweet scents and pearl soil. Pearl soil, especially, was sold on a large scale in treasure yellow heaven and was also not expensive.


 Of course, Lang Ya blessed land did not have them.


 The aforementioned plans were only those for feeding attitude Gu and wisdom sword Gu, and they already took up much of Fang Yuan’s time and energy.


 Fortunately, rank nine wisdom Gu’s feeding was already taken care of by Lang Ya land spirit.


 Wisdom Gu’s food was lifespan Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not even dare to think about it.


 Even he would want to take its food.


 “The feeding plans for attitude Gu and wisdom sword Gu have already been arranged. Next would be the rank sevens, Change Soul, Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Sword Escape and Calamity Beckoning.”


 Fang Yuan had already fed calamity beckoning Gu with the black blood of the six headed snake.


 The six headed snake was a desolate beast with six heads. Fang Yuan had once bought the snake’s corpse in treasure yellow heaven, but now for his long term plan, he intended to move over several six headed snakes into his immortal aperture to breed them.


 As for the other rank seven Immortal Gu, their feeding plans required Fang Yuan to carefully arrange them.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan did not forget Chu Du still had his rank seven flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Its feeding issue was handed over to Chu Du.


 In any case, Chu Du coveted Fang Yuan’s tribulation technique, how could he let flying sword Immortal Gu starve?


 In this aspect, Chu Du could be considered to be helping out Fang Yuan and decreasing his burden.



***
Chapter 1084 - Manipulating Mortals, Plotting Against the Land Spirit


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In Lang Ya blessed land, the capital of Black Hair Kingdom.


 There was hubbub of voices, a nationwide competition was reaching its end.


 On the arena, the final two Gu Masters were in an intense battle, chasing for the final throne of victory.


 Almost all the observing hairy men were supporting one side.


 Because the other side was Gu Yue Fang Zheng.


 He was a human Gu Master, so he naturally would not receive the support of the hairy men.


 Even the Black Hair King observing from the raised platform was frowning. He did not want to see the final winner of the first national martial contest to be a human Gu Master. Would this not make his kingdom the laughing stock of the other two kingdoms? It would even seem like the Black Hair Kingdom’s talents were declining to let a human Gu Master easily obtain victory.


 If Fang Zheng won, it would no doubt seriously infringe on Black Hair Kingdom’s political interests. So the Black Hair King had already planned beforehand and tampered with this battle.


 “It has finally activated.” Black Hair King suddenly felt joyous as his eyes flashed with bright lights.


 On the arena, Fang Zheng suddenly felt dizzy and almost fell down to the ground.


 “What’s happening?!” Fang Zheng paled in fright and subconsciously pushed his hands.


 Rumble... surging waves rose up out of thin air and charged towards his opponent.


 Fang Zheng’s opponent was a rank five fire path hairy man Gu Master.


 Fang Zheng’s sudden powerful attack gave this hairy man a scare, he immediately jumped to the air to avoid the wave.


 Under his hairy feet were two lantern-like flames, which could let him float for some time.


 But because of this, he lost the best opportunity to attack Fang Zheng.


 Fang Zheng was slowly recovering but still felt extreme dizziness, his condition was quite bad, but he had experienced many setbacks and tempering, so right now, he had already restrained his expression, not showing anything wrong on the outside.


 The wave appeared quickly and dissipated just as quickly, the hairy man Gu Master also hurriedly descended.


 He was not a flying master, standing in the air would make him a good target.


 Just now, he was forced to dodge the water wave with no alternative option. Right now, he was immediately making up for it.


 The two sides confronted again.


 “Fang Zheng, you have been schemed against by someone. I do not know when, but someone secretly planted a Gu worm in your soul.” Fang Yuan’s will revealed the truth to Fang Zheng.


 “How could it be?” Fang Zheng was shocked and furious.


 Fang Yuan’s will sighed: “This soul path Gu worm has a faint connection with that Black Hair King sitting on the platform. It seems he is the one who schemed against you.”


 “Damn it! Damn it!” Fang Zheng clenched his fists, finally showing a furious and hatred filled expression.


 “What happened?” Fang Zheng’s opponent was observing his expression and suddenly seeing his expression change, he thought Fang Zheng was preparing a powerful move and was immediately on complete guard.


 Fang Yuan’s will sneered: “Now do you believe me? I already told you Black Hair Kingdom’s higher ups won’t let you win so easily. This martial contest has all along been a tool for those in power, although they advocate fairness on the surface, those that truly expect it to be fair are fools.”


 “You are right!” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his eyes opened wide as if fire would burst out, “But I want victory even more now!”


 “Heh, this enthusiasm... you are still so young, my foolish brother.” Fang Yuan’s will was very aware of Fang Zheng unwillingness to give in, thinking of this secretly.


 Actually, the best response would be to intentionally lose to the opponent and end at second.


 With that, Fang Zheng would not have to overwork himself and Black Hair Kingdom’s higher ups would also be happy to accept the result. Such an outcome would not only show Black Hair Kingdom’s talents to be outstanding, it would also show the King’s generosity of promoting talents no matter their origins, even accepting a human Gu Master.


 However, Fang Zheng wanted to get the first position, not only was it making it hard for himself, he was also turning other hairy men hostile to him.


 First or second, what’s the difference?


 Just momentary victory or defeat, it would not be a turning point of one’s life, was it really so important?


 But Fang Yuan’s will was happy to see this.


 Fang Zheng was deeply prejudiced against him, only by using constant pressure from external force could Fang Zheng work together with him and be subtly influenced.


 And the current choice made by Fang Zheng would result in an enormous obstruction, which was greatly beneficial for Fang Yuan’s training plan.


 So, Fang Yuan’s will decided to do all he could to bring about Fang Zheng’s wish.


 He spoke: “I am only a will, you can only think about how to get rid of this soul path Gu worm after the battle. Right now, your soul is injured and so you cannot use River Swallowing Toad anymore. After all, commanding River Swallowing Toad to battle uses up an enormous amount of your mental energy. Although you have lost this trump card, you still have hope to win. Just listen to my instructions now!”


 Fang Zheng let out a muffled snort, although he did not feel good about it, with the current situation as it was, he could only give tacit consent to the words of Fang Yuan’s will.


 Fang Zheng himself might not be aware of it.


 But after these days of interaction, he had indeed begun to change.


 Just as Fang Yuan went out of Luo Po Valley, his will returned to him.


 After careful inspection, finding no issues with it, Fang Yuan let this will enter his mind.


 In his mind, countless thoughts surged like tidal waves and surrounded this will, closely interacting with each other.


 In just an instant, Fang Yuan learned of Fang Zheng’s recent developments.


 “Oh? Under my will’s instructions, he defeated his opponent and obtained first?”


 “Doing pretty well, I see.”


 “But with this, he has caused the entire Black Hair Kingdom to lose face. Haha, interesting. Winning the competition, but losing even more, your coming days will not be so comfortable, my little brother.”


 “But this is very helpful to my reeducation plan, isn’t it?”


 “Moreover, I still have an arrangement left in Steel Thread City which is currently being prepared.”


 Fang Yuan condensed another will of his, its size was several times larger than the returned will.


 Reeducating Fang Zheng would need the will to think, which would cause it to be consumed continuously and require replenishment from Fang Yuan frequently.


 Right away, Fang Yuan pointed forward with a finger, several rank five Gu worms flew out and guarded this enormous will as they flew down to Black Hair Continent.


 When they arrived just above Black Hair Continent, this will further divided into two parts.


 One part flew towards Black Hair Kingdom’s capital, while the other portion flew to Steel Thread City.


 Steel Thread City’s City Lord was that female hairy man who favored Fang Zheng. Fang Yuan’s will quietly seeped into her mind.


 It was easy for a Gu Immortal to plot against a Gu Master.


 The female city lord was currently processing some documents, strictly managing the affairs of the city. She did not have even the slightest awareness of Fang Yuan’s will, and also did not sense her lower abdomen had slightly swollen.


 “My hidden card has been placed.” In the sky, in Cloud Cover Continent, Fang Yuan chuckled as he withdrew his gaze.


 This feeling of controlling the fate of mortals was indeed quite the symbol of being an immortal.


 The fundamental cause of it was that the strength of Gu Immortals far surpassed mortals.


 “Changing Fang Zheng’s perspective has already shown slight success, moreover it is progressing smoothly. But I have yet to deduce blood deity Immortal Gu’s recipe.”


 “The problem is still wisdom Gu.”


 Right now, some days had already gone by since Fang Yuan stored flowing light fruits in his immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan was increasingly feeling the disadvantage of not being able to use the light of wisdom.


 However, the issue in his immortal zombie body was still in the process of being resolved.


 Fang Yuan pondered, his soul path attainment was far inferior to Shadow Sect’s, but he still thought of a way — he could increase his soul foundation!


 This was coping with the changes by sticking to the fundamental principle.


 If he cultivated his soul to the terrifying level of Spectral Soul, any soul path traps in his body would be of no use.


 Naturally, for Fang Yuan to cultivate to Spectral Soul’s level was extremely far-off into the future. But Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body had only gone through Ying Wu Xie’s hands, who was only a split soul that was far inferior to the main body.


 Thus, for the last few days, Fang Yuan was not only managing his immortal aperture and guiding hairy man Gu Immortals, earning large numbers of sect contribution points, he also made time to enter Luo Po Valley every day to temper his soul, afterwards, he would use guts Gu to heal and strengthen the soul.


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were indeed the two sacred lands of soul cultivation proclaimed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Not even ten days had passed and Fang Yuan’s soul foundation had already become quite deep.


 However, Fang Yuan was still not confident at the moment to test out the trap that might be in his immortal zombie body.


 Another day went by, Fang Yuan came out of Luo Po Valley, and saw an information path Gu worm flying towards him.


 Fang Yuan read it briefly, Lang Ya land spirit had called for him to discuss important matters.


 Fang Yuan was immediately joyous, thinking to himself that it was finally here. Actually, he had also been secretly waiting for Lang Ya land spirit’s response.


 He immediately set out and not long later, he arrived at the first cloud city with the appearance of a hairy man.


 Lang Ya land spirit greeted: “You’ve arrived, come sit over here.”


 Fang Yuan had just sat down when Lang Ya land spirit spoke again: “I considered your suggestion for some days, and I feel it is quite reasonable. But choosing Earth Trench is not very appropriate. You might not be aware, but currently Earth Trench is in a mess, much more activity there than in the past. Many Northern Plains Gu Immortals of righteous path, demonic path or even lone cultivators are hanging out there.”


 Fang Yuan revealed a slightly surprised expression, and deliberately asked while knowing the reason clearly: “What is the reason?”


 “Because of the battle on Yi Tian Mountain, each region’s Zombie Alliance has now become an empty shell. Northern Plains Zombie Alliance also disappeared without a trace, inciting many doubts and probes. Zombie Alliance’s members seem to have almost all died, the probing Gu Immortals became more audacious seeing no response. Not only have they already encroached upon Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s cultivation resources, they have also invaded Earth Trench. That is where the final territory of Zombie Alliance is. According to the rumors, a righteous path wisdom path Gu Immortal deduced that Northern Plains Zombie Alliance’s headquarters, Dark Flow Giant City, had sunken into Earth Trench and disappeared.” Lang Ya land spirit replied.


 “So it was like that.” Fang Yuan showed a look of realization, “Since that is the case, Earth Trench is now a dangerous territory, it seems my previous suggestion cannot be implemented.”


 While saying this, Fang Yuan inwardly thought: “It seems that although Shadow Sect intentionally sacrificed Zombie Alliance, they had also left behind some defensive measures. Like Dark Flow Giant City sinking into Earth Trench. With Shadow Sect’s methods, since they could make Dark Flow Giant City sink into Earth Trench, it is probably hidden very well. It will be very difficult for the Northern Plains Gu Immortals to find it, their efforts might even be in vain.”


 Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Earth Trench’s situation is too complicated, we cannot meddle in it. But your suggestion is still good, I have decided to adopt it. At present, the location I have decided upon is also one of the ten great fierce areas, this one.”


 Saying this, Lang Ya land spirit pointed at a part on the map.


 Fang Yuan’s sight followed Lang Ya land spirit’s hairy finger to the bottom right part of Northern Plains.


 To the southeast of a super force, Guan tribe, and north-west of another, Liu tribe.


 Fang Yuan’s expression had no change, as he inwardly rejoiced: “This is it.”



***
Chapter 1085 - Trip to Tai Qiu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The location pointed out by Lang Ya land spirit was Tai Qiu!


 Fang Yuan’s true target was also Tai Qiu.


 But it was not good for him to say it immediately, he could only beat about the bush, leading Lang Ya land spirit to ‘comprehend’ the answer himself.


 Tai Qiu was one of the ten great fierce areas of Northern Plains.


 A type of giant grass grew here. This grass was extremely large and sturdy, one stalk of grass could compare to a normal tree of a hundred years in age.


 This giant grass grew everywhere in Tai Qiu.


 The huge swathes of grass formed into a large primitive jungle.


 Inside the jungle lived large numbers of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, and one could even see vague indications of immemorial desolate beasts.


 So even Gu Immortals did not dare to intrude. Even those rank eight Gu Immortals had to be careful, a slight slip-up and the disturbance could create a beast tide here.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had set up his inheritance here for his possession revival plan. Later, Fang Yuan and the rest had also fought an intense battle at Tai Qiu.


 “This place... you should be familiar, right?” Lang Ya land spirit smiled at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan said: “It is indeed somewhat familiar because of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s matter.” Saying this, he glanced at Lang Ya land spirit, the latter clearly knew of this history.


 “I intend to set up a teleportation Gu formation here at Tai Qiu. What do you think?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan spoke with hesitation: “To speak the truth, I don’t suggest setting up a Gu formation in Tai Qiu. It is because I am slightly familiar with it that I feel we cannot do it. This is a hornet’s nest, just a slight commotion can lead to a beast tide. And this beast tide won’t be a simple mortal beast tide, it will comprise desolate beasts and even ancient desolate beast. There is even a possibility of attracting immemorial desolate beasts.”


 “I had fought here before. But that was because Dong Fang Chang Fan had set a battle stage using an immemorial ruin bat’s corpse. The immemorial desolate beast’s aura deterred other desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. It was because of this that there was no beast tide. But when the tribulations struck and the immemorial desolate beast’s aura was eliminated, that immemorial ruin bat’s corpse was immediately split up and devoured by countless desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. We can see how terrifying Tai Qiu is from this.”


 “If we were to set up a teleportation Gu formation in Tai Qiu, and set it around the periphery, we might be able to travel back and forth, but our sect’s Gu Immortals will also be easily sensed by other forces. While if we set the teleportation Gu formation inside the inner regions of Tai Qiu, once a battle goes awry, the Gu Immortals would not be able to escape. Even if we choose an optimal location that considers these, once the battle’s scale enlarges slightly, it will lead to a beast tide which could then be sensed by humans.”


 “It is because of these reasons that super forces don’t want to touch Tai Qiu. Our sect needs to worry about much more than them. This area is not a good choice.”


 Fang Yuan analyzed the pros and cons of the plan, speaking with a loyal expression as if he wanted to convince Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily.


 While laughing, he patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


 He laughed for a good while before speaking: “Fang Yuan, you are right. But you can be assured, tell me, what is this?”


 Lang Ya land spirit looked like he was offering a treasure as he handed an information path Gu worm to Fang Yuan.


 After Fang Yuan inspected it, he pretended to have a shocked and joyous expression, stammering: “Thi... thi... this! This is actually such a detailed map of Tai Qiu. This is truly a godsend at the most crucial moment, ah, no, our sect’s foundation is actually that deep. If I had not seen this personally, I might not have believed it!”


 “Hehehe, good kid, has your vision expanded?” Lang Ya land spirit laughed brightly, as he jumped and waved his hands.


 “Amazing, amazing!” Fang Yuan gave a thumbs up, expressing in a sincere way.


 Lang Ya land spirit excitedly explained: “In the past, to acquire immortal materials from Tai Qiu, my main body made repeated trips there, and after combining his experiences with others’ deductions, he got this Tai Qiu map!”


 “So it was like that.” Fang Yuan looked like he was enlightened.


 In truth, he was already aware of it.


 This intel was a small part of what he obtained from the transactions with Shadow Sect.


 This Tai Qiu map allowed Fang Yuan to plan and intentionally mention Earth Trench, while he was in fact luring Lang Ya land spirit’s attention to this place.


 Lang Ya land spirit pointed at the information path Gu worm in Fang Yuan’s hand: “This map not only records all the topography of Tai Qiu, it also records the distribution of the various beast groups. But there is a huge flaw, this map was created a long time ago, there will definitely be many changes in Tai Qiu after all these years.”


 “First supreme elder is right, I also have this worry.” Fang Yuan quickly confirmed.


 Lang Ya land spirit continued: “Aren’t you familiar with this place? You are also a human Gu Immortal with change form Immortal Gu to boot, I intend to send you there with this map...”


 Lang Ya land spirit had yet to finish speaking when Fang Yuan stood up straight and spoke without hesitation: “First supreme elder only needs to give me the command, being able to work for the sect and in such an important matter at that, this is my honor!”


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily, patting Fang Yuan’s shoulder, indicating him to be seated: “Fang Yuan, you are good, I didn’t misjudge you. Rest assured, the sect absolutely won’t treat you unfairly. On your trip, act according to the circumstances. The main matter is to inspect Tai Qiu’s terrain and improve this Tai Qiu map. If you get the opportunity, you should set up the basic form of the teleportation Gu formation at a suitable location.”


 “There are three locations on the map. These three locations mark the areas of the corpses of immemorial desolate beasts. Prioritize in inspecting these three locations, if you can set up a teleportation Gu formation in one of them, that would be great.”


 “Naturally, you need to take care of yourself and move about secretly. Even if you are discovered by humans, never disclose the existence of our sect.”


 Lang Ya land spirit repeatedly reminded.


 Fang Yuan quickly nodded, even patting his chest in assurance: “First supreme elder, you can rest at ease. I will make some preparations and set off immediately!”


 “Good, good.” Lang Ya land spirit laughed loudly, extremely pleased with Fang Yuan.


 Actually, there was not much to prepare, Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation was deep, Fang Yuan was rather at ease placing Luo Po Valley, Dang Hun Mountain and wisdom Gu here.


 Even if there was the spy from Shadow Sect, it would not hamper this situation. The disturbance Sixth Hair could create was small, adding on that Shadow Sect was already barely able to take care of itself, it would not dare to invade Lang Ya blessed land.


 As for Heavenly Court, even if they discovered Lang Ya blessed land, what would they do?


 During the five regions chaotic war, Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land and a few times at that. In the end, Feng Jiu Ge was killed off before they were able to conquer Lang Ya blessed land. Even more importantly, at present, the regional walls still existed in the five regions.


 Inspecting his Immortal Gu once again, Fang Yuan decided to carry almost all of these Immortal Gu with him. As for his immortal zombie body, he also brought it with him. His sovereign immortal aperture had enough space to carry them all.


 Speaking of which, his immortal zombie body was quite a problem, and the Spring Autumn Cicada inside was even more of a problem.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was currently sealed by some unknown methods, it was unable to absorb the water of the River of Time and could only bear its hunger passively, gradually falling towards the abyss of destruction.


 Not only this, Spring Autumn Cicada still had heaven’s will in it.


 Fang Yuan already knew about this from the transaction.


 He also knew of much precious information regarding heaven’s will.


 These were huge gains!


 “I have the sovereign immortal aperture, which is a small world independent of the outside world. But right now, I am carrying Spring Autumn Cicada and large numbers of snow monsters filled with heaven’s will, there will definitely be obstructions when I go to Tai Qiu. Just like when I was hurrying back from Southern Border, I met the cloud beasts, was pursued by Qi Zai and so on.”


 Fang Yuan understood this clearly.


 He was no longer ignorant regarding heaven’s will, instead, he knew a lot.


 Heaven’s will was not omnipotent, heaven’s will had its own restrictions.


 After understanding heaven’s will, the threat of heaven’s will decreased immensely.


 After all, an unknown enemy was the most troublesome. Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated!


 The first earthly calamity’s might had sharply increased, Fang Yuan knew that was heaven’s will trying to eradicate him. But he underwent tribulation in the northern icy plain which unknowingly had helped him a lot.


 The reason was, a large portion of the earthly calamity had been influenced by Reckless Savage’s true meaning, taking over the role of heaven’s will, forming into iron crown eagles, ruin bats and so on.


 Only the snow monsters were formed from heaven’s will.


 Their bodies held purely heaven’s will, they would not rest until they eradicated Fang Yuan.


 The influence of Reckless Savage’s true meaning had weakened the dangers of the snow monsters by a large degree.


 Currently, these snow monsters were still in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture. Each of them held heaven’s will, like Spring Autumn Cicada. When Fang Yuan went outside, he would be as clear as a torch in the darkness to heaven’s will’s perception.


 “Heaven’s will cannot make a move by itself, unless it is during calamities or tribulations. When I go out now, heaven’s will would definitely influence others to kill me. I will deal with whatever it sends when the time comes!”


 Bright light flashed, in the central region of dragon elephant plain, a young-looking Gu Immortal appeared out of thin air.


 He wore snow white clothes, his face looked mild like jade, his dark hair reached down to his waist, and he had a pair of dark eyes which seemed to have unfathomable depths.


 He was Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


 “I am out!” Fang Yuan took a deep breath, and immediately activated defensive Gu worms and investigative Gu worms.


 Many types of investigative methods were activated together.


 His gaze scanned all directions, and his perception covered everything within ten thousand steps.


 It was temporarily safe.


 Every since Lang Ya blessed land migrated from crescent lake, its exact location was only known by Lang Ya land spirit.


 This was among the greatest secrets of Lang Ya blessed land, the land spirit would not tell anyone.


 But he had also arranged several teleportation Gu formations outside, facilitating transportation between the inside and the outside world.


 This response was much wiser than the previous Lang Ya land spirit.


 One of Lang Ya blessed land’s teleportation Gu formations was set up at Feng Bo Cliff. Now, Fang Yuan learned of the location of a second teleportation Gu formation, it was this place, Northern Plains’ dragon elephant plain.


 “I need to get a move on, it is not safe to stay for long at this place.”


 At Fang Yuan’s will, Gu worms started to fly inside his immortal aperture.


 His figure shot upwards like an arrow.


 His field of vision immediately expanded, and as he looked below him, dragon elephant plain’s terrain entered his vision.


 Dragon elephant plain had a flat terrain and an extraordinary majesty to it. There was plenty of water and lush vegetation, dragon elephant groups were scattered everywhere.


 This was a famous habitat of dragon elephants in Northern Plains, and was under the control of a nearby super force.


 “Grand rivers and hills, such a beautiful sight.” Fang Yuan praised before hiding his figure and flying away.



***
Chapter 1086 - Speed!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A few minutes later, Fang Yuan had already left dragon elephant plain.


 He saw a huge field of clouds in front of him.


 Fang Yuan subconsciously slowed down.


 He was very cautious of white clouds now, ever since he encountered those pesky cloud beasts in Southern Border.


 Learning from experience, Fang Yuan became very wary of large areas of clouds.


 After inspecting them, Fang Yuan relaxed, the clouds had no problems.


 He flew into them.


 His vision was covered by the thick white clouds.


 But it was alright, Fang Yuan had investigative methods to use.


 Be it hearing or sound waves, or even using his consciousness, he could fly freely inside the clouds without feeling like a lost insect.


 Gu Immortals had access to most mortal methods, they could deal with many situations.


 Fang Yuan’s speed fell, he stopped all movement.


 Next, thoughts flickered in his mind as he activated countless Gu worms in his immortal aperture.


 Large numbers of mortal Gu moved like a storm, creating a huge, bloody tornado in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The core Immortal Gu flew up next.


 Rank six blood asset Immortal Gu!


 It descended like a ruler with imposing aura, the rest of the mortal Gu were assistants, creating the immortal killer move that Fang Yuan was activating — Blood Torrent.


 Blood-red light rushed out of Fang Yuan’s body, before turning into liquid, forming a river of bloody water.


 The blood carried Fang Yuan and tore through the clouds, moving forward rapidly.


 The speed was so fast, completely at a different level to before!


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan left dragon elephant plain, that place was within a righteous path super force’s territory, he did not use an immortal killer move.


 Because most immortal killer moves would leak strong aura from them, attention would be drawn to him.


 Thus, Fang Yuan only used mortal killer moves when leaving dragon elephant plain. – You’re reading on B oxnovel.c om .Tks!


 But now, after leaving it, he could finally use an immortal killer move.


 His speed rose sharply, he moved ahead rapidly.


 A long bloody trail was drawn out, but it was concealed by the thick clouds, it could not be seen from the outside.


 This was the advantage of flying in the clouds.


 If not for the cloud cover, Fang Yuan could only conceal his tracks. Openly flying like this was too attention grabbing.


 In a short moment, this huge area of clouds was pierced through by Fang Yuan.


 He had already traveled past an enormous distance.


 Outside of the cloud layer, Fang Yuan stopped using blood torrent.


 During this time period, blood path demonic immortals could not display themselves, they had to be concealed. Blood path was a target of attack from all over, Fang Yuan did not want to attract trouble due to blood path.


 Especially when heaven’s will was locked onto him!


 “Unless I can modify blood torrent and prevent others from sensing its blood path nature.” Fang Yuan had a thought.


 Actually, he had already modified blood torrent again.


 While cultivating in Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan had been practicing his blood path killer moves and strength path killer moves.


 One day, Fang Yuan had an inspiration when practicing, he modified blood torrent.


 Originally, when using blood torrent, hundreds of mortal Gu would appear around Fang Yuan, flying around in a big circle.


 After modification, these mortal Gu flew in a spiral in his immortal aperture.


 This was a small change, but it fixed one of its major flaws.


 Flying around the Gu Immortal meant it could be easily attacked and destroyed, but being in the immortal aperture was safe.


 Just this alone showed great improvement.


 But blood torrent was still very eye-catching, when flying in the sky, it created a long river of blood, anyone would notice it. It would even emit a strong and foul bloody smell that would make one puke.


 If these flaws were not fixed, blood torrent could not be widely used.


 If the light of wisdom could be used, these modifications could be done overnight. But Fang Yuan was unsure of the safety of the immortal zombie body at this time.


 It was fine with clouds covering it, but without clouds, Fang Yuan would not use blood torrent.


 He activated sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Rank seven sword escape Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan flew forward like a sword.


 Compared to blood torrent, he was even faster now!


 Just sword escape Immortal Gu alone surpassed a rank six blood path killer move.


 Even though with his cultivation level, using sword escape Immortal Gu with green grape immortal essence was not worth it, Fang Yuan was very firm on doing this.


 The biggest factor of this trip was — Speed! Speed! Speed!


 He had to move quickly.


 It was because of heaven’s will.


 “Heaven’s will follows the way of heaven, taking away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it treats me as an eyesore. But the way of heaven has its own rules and regulations, heaven’s will has to follow certain rules and is limited to an extent.”


 “Heaven’s will cannot act casually, it can only attack me directly during calamities and tribulations. Normally, heaven’s will can only engineer situations and circumstances to kill me.”


 How can heaven’s will create such situations?


 By affecting the living beings of this world.


 Like in the past, when Fang Yuan was in Imperial Court blessed land, he was affected by Mo Yao’s fake will, heaven’s will was vast and omnipresent, it could affect other life forms.


 This influence was on the subconscious level, it was very situational.


 In most situations, decisions were made in an instant.


 Heaven’s will could influence countless life forms, and countless decisions that they make, through many subtle influences, these life forms could gather together into a force that would be fatal.


 But this way, to influence others and set up fatal traps, time was needed.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan emphasized on speed.


 The faster he was, the less time heaven’s will had to influence other life forms and create situations to deal with him.


 During the journey from Southern Border to Northern Plains, Fang Yuan did not know this, he also lacked movement methods, especially at the start, it gave heaven’s will a lot of time to set things up.


 Now that Fang Yuan knew heaven’s will’s weaknesses, he naturally made use of them.


 This was an effective method that Shadow Sect used against heaven’s will.


 Shadow Sect followed a key principle: Accumulating in secret, striking at once like a volcano, moving as fast as lightning, achieving one’s goal!


 Fang Yuan learned fully from this.


 “To deal with heaven’s will, Shadow Sect and Spectral Soul are the best role model. They are my enemies, but these enemies have aspects in which they are superior to me, I naturally must abandon bias and learn from them!”


 “And I have a huge advantage compared to Shadow Sect, I am a complete otherworldly demon!”


 “Shadow Sect members have to think about themselves when acting and use self will to cleanse themselves from heaven’s will’s hidden influence.”


 “But I do not need to, as a complete otherworldly demon, heaven’s will cannot influence me!”


 To guard against heaven’s will, Fang Yuan used Sword Escape, disregarding the intense immortal essence consumption!


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had preserved most of his accumulated cultivation resources.


 He was raking in money daily, it could be said he was very affluent.


 Even though he needed to build and manage his own immortal aperture, most of his plans had not started yet. Treasure yellow heaven was closed now, the things he could get from Lang Ya Sect’s inventory were limited.


 Fang Yuan tore through the sky, bursting with a sharp sound along the way, he seemed to have turned into a flying sword!


 Roaming the desolate plains with peerless sharpness.


 Suddenly, there was a growl filled with pain and fear.


 An ancient desolate beast was escaping for its life, a wild rank seven Immortal Gu was chasing it.


 The two entered Fang Yuan’s vision.


 In front was a horned six-winged pegasus, while the wild Immortal Gu behind was a Dragon Centipede.


 A four winged pegasus was a beast emperor, while a six-winged pegasus was a desolate beast, one with a horn on its forehead and six wings on its back was an ancient desolate beasts.


 And this Dragon Centipede was seven li long! It has a centipede body and a dragon head, there were countless legs split across the two sides of its body, moving continuously. It had a hard bronze shell, under the light of the sun, shining and dazzling golden color could be seen. It was very bold and grand looking!


 Some wild Immortal Gu lived in desolate beasts and desolate plants, absorbing their nutrients, living in co-existence while treating them as food.


 But this was only the majority of cases.


 The Dragon Centipede was a fierce and savage wild Immortal Gu, it directly captured desolate beasts and desolate plants, treating them as prey, surviving through hunting.


 This was the only dragon centipede Immortal Gu in the world, it was rank seven, it was capturing ancient desolate beasts and desolate plants to fill its stomach.


 Fang Yuan was flying straight ahead, this pair appeared right in front of him, blocking his path.


 “Something happened after all!” Fang Yuan snickered internally.


 Last time was a cloud beast group, this time, it was a horned six-winged pegasus and the wild dragon centipede Immortal Gu.


 Wild Immortal Gu had low intelligence, even though they had their own will, they were easily influenced by heaven’s will.


 The horned six-winged pegasus was an ancient desolate beast, beasts like horses mostly had higher intelligence. It was harder for heaven’s will to influence them.


 But now, it was escaping and moving without thinking, heaven’s will only needed to influence it slightly to change the direction that the horned six-winged pegasus was escaping.


 These two were here to block Fang Yuan’s path!


 The pegasus was escaping for its life, it would try its best to crush all obstacles ahead.


 And the Dragon Centipede’s gaze was also on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s Gu Immortal aura was apparent.


 He was a rank six Gu Immortal.


 His aura was much weaker than the horned six-winged pegasus. But his sword path aura was also strong, coming from the rank seven sword escape Immortal Gu.


 This attracted the Dragon Centipede more.


 Because the Dragon Centipede was full of sword path dao marks as well!


 Its countless limbs contained sword path dao marks, allowing it to carry tens of thousands of swords with it. Once it coiled around its prey, these sharp swords would attack from all directions, creating bloody holes in the ancient desolate beast, it was very fierce.


 Fang Yuan’s reaction was at lightning speed.


 He instantly stored sword escape Immortal Gu, the aura vanished instantly.


 The Dragon Centipede was confused, but its focus was still on him. After all, in its long life of hunting, it had encountered many prey which could conceal its aura.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, as countless figures appeared.


 Convergence of enslavement and strength path, immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


 In the earlier transactions, Fang Yuan had obtained many strength path Immortal Gu, his strongest method from back then had returned!


 Even though he did not have cleanse soul Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan used other mortal Gu to replace it. Myriad self’s power fell, but at this moment, it was very useful in confusing his enemies.


 Countless Fang Yuans flew around the place, like a school of fish swimming in the sea, scattering around after encountering a huge whale.


 The Dragon Centipede was even more confused now, its speed fell for a moment.


 Next, its seven li long body attacked like a whip.


 Boom boom boom.


 Countless strength path phantoms of Fang Yuan were destroyed.


 The horned six-winged pegasus also crushed many of Fang Yuan’s phantoms as it rapidly escaped.


 The Dragon Centipede saw that the pegasus was escaping, its attention was focused on it once more.


 The two escaped and chased, quickly getting out of Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.


 His true body descended.


 With a thought, countless Fang Yuan phantoms dissipated at once.


 Move!


 Fang Yuan activated Sword Escape again, flying into the sky, leaving.



***
Chapter 1087 - A Goat Explores Tai Qiu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan traveled day and night without rest.


 When seeing thick cloud cover, he used blood torrent. Most of the time, he used sword escape Immortal Gu.


 He passed several dangerous areas along the way, there were also lone Gu Immortals or super forces around. Fang Yuan did not dare to use Immortal Gu openly, he used mortal killer moves.


 His strategy was correct, after the horned six-winged pegasus and wild Dragon Centipede, no other unexpected surprises occurred.


 Heaven’s will needed time to lay out traps.


 On the other hand, there was a limit for heaven’s will’s influence on other life forms.


 Like the influence on the horned six-winged pegasus and wild Dragon Centipede, heaven’s will could not order either of them to attack Fang Yuan.


 Heaven’s will’s influence was based off situational decisions.


 Fang Yuan’s speed was very fast, heaven’s will could not create obstacles in time.


 Heaven’s will could think and plot.


 This was because of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 According to the intel provided by Shadow Sect, before Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, heaven’s will was much easier to deal with. But after her, heaven’s will became much more ‘crafty’.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was not purely flying straight ahead.


 He curved and took detours, moving forward in arcs.


 If he moved straight, his route would be easily deduced by heaven’s will, it would lay out dangers along the way and wait for Fang Yuan to fall in.


 In fact, heaven’s will might even deduce that Fang Yuan’s true destination was Tai Qiu and set up arrangements there.


 That would be dangerous!


 Not only would Fang Yuan be unable to complete the sect mission, his life would be in danger.


 However, with Fang Yuan’s fast advancement, heaven’s will could not stop him.


 Of course, Fang Yuan would not purposely backtrack. If heaven’s will formed an arragement that was behind him, he would be going into a trap that he had already evaded, that would be stupid!


 This way, his route was very far, the total length of his journey was extended multiple times.


 However, in the end, Fang Yuan’s speed was still very fast.


 Thus, three days after encountering the wild dragon centipede Immortal Gu, along the horizon, Tai Qiu entered Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Tai Qiu was in sight!


 A vast amount of ordinary grass formed a huge yellow plain.


 Tai Qiu’s appearance was like a jade green tower standing tall in a thick forest. In this yellow plain, it was very eye-catching.


 As Fang Yuan got closer, the green Tai Qiu expanded in the horizon, becoming bigger in Fang Yuan’s field of vision. It was like dye that was spreading rapidly on paper.


 Eventually, Tai Qiu filled Fang Yuan’s vision completely.


 A vast amount of giant grass covered this area, figures of beasts were roaming inside, tigers were roaring as wolves howled, there was a stream of continuous noise.


 Far and wide, it was a grand scene of the wilderness!


 At this moment, there was no point for Fang Yuan to hide it from heaven’s will.


 His speed became slower, he stopped using Immortal Gu, directly entering Tai Qiu.


 Compared to the giant grass, he was tiny. Compared to the entirety of Tai Qiu, he was like a fly that had entered a palace.


 The lush giant grass blocked out the sky.


 The entirety of Tai Qiu was concealing an unknown number of fierce beasts and mutated plants.


 There was a commotion ahead, it seemed like a beast tide was about to form.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, activating dark limit Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu Dark Limit!


 It could conceal aura and hide from others to prevent deductions, it could also hide one from heaven’s will to a degree.


 Change form Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan turned into a coiling mountain goat, entering Tai Qiu.


 The commotion ahead slowly faded.


 “If heaven’s will could feel emotions, it must be shocked and furious now.” Fang Yuan smiled, before shaking his head and sighing: “Unfortunately, heaven’s will has no emotions...”


 Dark limit Immortal Gu helped Fang Yuan greatly.


 Back then, when Hei Lou Lan was still a mortal, she relied on this Immortal Gu to conceal her Great Strength True Martial Physique aura, thus surviving.


 Why did the calamities and tribulations of the ten extreme physiques surpass ordinary people?


 Because heaven’s will takes away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it did not want an existence like one of the ten extreme physique to upset the balance of the world.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture surpassed the ten extreme physiques. The power of his calamities and tribulations were much greater than the ten extreme physiques. Even dark limit Immortal Gu had limited effect.


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought: “Fairy Jiang Yu was a member of Shadow Sect, to resist heaven’s will, Shadow Sect definitely had many tools such as dark limit Immortal Gu. If Ying Wu Xie can escape from this predicament and make use of Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, his future might be unhindered, he would have an easier time ahead.”


 He had turned into a coiling mountain goat, this was a common desolate beast in Tai Qiu, even though he was in disguise, he blended in perfectly.


 Unlike his Gu Immortal body, which was completely different and eye-catching in Tai Qiu.


 Soon, he encountered a desolate beast.


 A golden sand dark stallion.


 This was a huge horse.


 Its body was larger than the coiling mountain goat that Fang Yuan became. It has bulging muscles and strong bones, its skin was dark gold, it had six hooves that were dark and deep.


 The golden sand dark stallion was eating grass.


 Sensing the coiling mountain goat that Fang Yuan had turned into, the golden sand dark stallion raised its head, observing this ‘uninvited guest’.


 Desolate beasts had their respective territories, the coiling mountain goat had invaded the golden sand dark stallion’s territory.


 But the golden sand dark stallion did not eat meat, it also had a calm temperament, the coiling mountain goat was also a herbivore, the golden sand dark stallion subconsciously felt that the coiling mountain goat had no threat.


 But it was still very alert.


 It stared at Fang Yuan until he went far away from it, before lowering its head to eat grass again.


 Fang Yuan chose to become a coiling mountain goat, he had considered it deeply.


 Actually, in Northern Plains, there were lots of wolf desolate beasts, but if he became a desolate beast wolf, he would face an intense reaction from the golden sand dark stallion.


 Getting past the golden sand dark stallion, Fang Yuan continued to move forward.


 He had already memorized the map of Tai Qiu. Even in the case that he could not remember something, he had it copied in many information path Gu worms in his immortal aperture.


 “The first location is in the southeast direction.” Fang Yuan looked around.


 But the giant grass became taller and taller, the giant grass in the periphery were tall as trees, but as he went in, the giant grass became as tall as towers. The giant grass in the center of Tai Qiu were as tall as hills or mountains.


 The coiling mountain goat’s body was not small, but as Fang Yuan went deeper, the surrounding giant grass became taller and thicker, the coiling mountain goat looked smaller and petite.


 Along the way, Fang Yuan encountered many desolate beasts.


 These desolate beasts were either in groups or alone. Most of them were herbivores, but there were some carnivores as well.


 Fang Yuan made use of his mind, his intelligence far surpassed desolate beasts.


 Thus, after some hurdles, he managed to get through them.


 Baa baa baa...


 The cries of goats entered Fang Yuan’s ears.


 In the grass ahead, there was a huge group of coiling mountain goats.


 Fang Yuan sighed in his mind: “It seems that I am deep into Tai Qiu already, this is the first large group of desolate beasts I’ve seen.”


 This goat group had about a hundred of them together, some were eating grass, some were lying on the ground sunbathing, while some young ones were playing around.


 Fang Yuan entered their field of vision.


 The wild coiling mountain goats looked at him.


 This was the first time they were seeing this unknown goat.


 Fang Yuan moved carefully.


 Even though he had change form Immortal Gu, there was a hidden threat. If one of the goats in this group had a wild investigative Immortal Gu, and could see through Fang Yuan’s concealment, it would be a disaster.


 To play safe, Fang Yuan secretly activated attitude Gu.


 Immediately, the goat group felt Fang Yuan’s ‘attitude’ and looked at him with warmer gazes.


 Fang Yuan took a few steps forward, there were several young desolate beast coiling mountain goats that ran to him, observing him with huge curious eyes, two of them were running around Fang Yuan, jumping around.


 Fang Yuan walked away from them safely, leaving the goat group.


 The young coiling mountain goats moved with him for a while, as he got away from the goats, they were called back by their parents and returned.


 Fang Yuan sighed as he felt some pity.


 If he could bring two or three of these younglings with him, and raise them inside the sovereign immortal aperture, that would be great.


 Regretfully, he did not have a chance to do so.


 Leaving the territory of the coiling mountain goats, Fang Yuan was very close to the first location indicated on the map already.


 He was not careless, he inspected himself.


 “Dark limit Immortal Gu’s power of concealment is weakening, but it can still last for some time.” Fang Yuan had an accurate assessment.


 After activating dark limit Immortal Gu once, it needed to rest for some time before Fang Yuan could use it again.


 Its power was left behind in Fang Yuan, concealing his aura. But as time passed, or due to other forces, the concealment would weaken.


 And depending on the target, the protection effect varied.


 For example, it had been more effective on Hei Lou Lan when she was a mortal. If used on dark path Gu Immortals, the effect would be lower. If used on Gu Immortals of other paths, the effect would be even worse. Thankfully, Fang Yuan’s dao marks did not conflict, otherwise, the effect would be horrible.


 In conclusion, Fang Yuan had to complete his mission while dark limit Immortal Gu’s power was still concealing him.


 Otherwise, after the concealment fades, heaven’s will would focus on him, and the countless desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts would attack Fang Yuan together, the situation would be dire.


 After a moment, Fang Yuan got close to the first location.


 Before reaching, Fang Yuan already knew that the location had completely changed.


 Because the map indicated that there was the corpse of an immemorial desolate beast, a qi grand lion, here.


 What guarded the corpse was a group of qi grand lions, they were a mix of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 But the hill-like corpse was gone. There were no qi grand lions either, Fang Yuan used his investigative killer moves and heard some faint wolf howls.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 “Desolate beast black blood wolves! And this scale... at least thirty of them.”


 A group of desolate beast wolves.


 Even though the size was not large, they are fierce carnivores.


 The territory of wolves was larger.


 Fang Yuan did not need to observe them from close by, he just needed to use mortal investigative methods and hearing to get a lot of information.


 This was the intelligence of humans.


 Within this group of desolate beast wolves, there might be wild Immortal Gu, but they could not be activated at will. Compared to Gu Immortals who controlled Immortal Gu, it was a different story.


 Fang Yuan thought to himself: “The first location has changed. Be it the immemorial desolate beast level qi grand lion’s corpse, those desolate beasts, or the ancient desolate beast qi grand lions, they have all vanished for some reason. Three hundred thousand years later, a small group of black blood wolves are occupying this place.”


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he gave up on this place.


 He took a detour past the wolf group’s territory, heading to the second destination.



***
Chapter 1088 - A Monkey Achieves Success


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 One day later, Tai Qiu.


 “This place...” Fang Yuan’s hands were holding onto a giant strand of grass that was hundreds of meters tall, he climbed upon it and looked afar.


 There was a trunk of a huge tree ahead, resembling a giant ship that was washed ashore.


 But the tree only had part of its trunk left, it was dark and in ruins, it seemed to have been hit by lightning.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance had also changed greatly.


 He had turned into a monkey.


 A fire swallowing monkey.


 An ancient desolate beast.


 Even though he was not big, he was not to be trifled with.


 Fang Yuan had stopped using the coiling mountain goat’s appearance. The coiling mountain goat could not enter deep into Tai Qiu, this was a place where ancient desolate beasts roamed.


 Fire swallowing monkey was a special case.


 It was strong, but only ate fire, thus it roamed around the place. It did not compete with other desolate beasts for food, it was a suitable disguise for Fang Yuan.


 Without becoming a fire swallowing monkey, Fang Yuan could not move in here.


 “Thousand snakes haze tree...” Fang Yuan looked into the distance as he muttered.


 This was the third destination on the Tai Qiu map.


 The first location was occupied by a group of desolate beast black blood wolves. The second area was empty, it was a region between two carnivorous groups.


 Fang Yuan’s current location was the final one marked on the map.


 There was once a thousand snakes haze tree here.


 This tree was like a mountain, occupying a huge area. It was immemorial level, with seventy thousand seven hundred and seventy branches, the branches were like long snakes. At the tips of the branches, there were snake heads.


 The roots of this tree was deeply buried in the earth, they were thousands of meters long. It ate passing desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts as food, when hunting, the tens of thousands of branches would dance around, moving like slithering snakes, coiling around the prey and strangling them to death, before sucking up their blood to survive.


 For the longest time, the countless life forms that died under the tree rotted and piled into a mountain. Their grudge was overwhelming, the place was filled with a dark aura.


 Positive and negative energy are drawn to each other, whenever there was a storm, grand heavenly lightning would strike on the thousand snakes haze tree.


 It was fine if it were ordinary storms, but if it was unlucky and met with an extraordinary heavenly lightning bolt, the result would be disastrous.


 The thousand snakes haze tree had no natural enemies, it was at immemorial desolate beast level, it dominated its territory, it might have attracted the attention of heaven’s will, resulting in lightning strikes.


 In any case, three hundred thousand years ago, there was a huge fire in Tai Qiu. This thousand snakes haze tree was burned and resembled an erupting volcano, it lit the sky of the surroundings, for months without ceasing.


 “But this thousand snakes haze tree isn’t dead yet!” There was a dark and wary gaze in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 When Long Hair Ancestor was alive, he left this Tai Qiu map behind, it was three hundred thousand years old.


 This thousand snakes haze tree had lived for three hundred thousand years, it was not dead yet, there was still signs of life in it!


 “Man is the spirit of all living beings, but our vitality, lifespan, body, and soul, are far inferior to other beings. This thousand snakes haze tree has the strongest vitality. It is still alive even after the lightning and fires.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 Right now, the thousand snakes haze tree was completely lying on the ground. More than half of its tree trunk was rotten, a few li remained.


 The complete thousand snakes haze tree was taller than a mountain if it was upright, the attacking range of its branches and vines covered an enormous surrounding area.


 Fang Yuan could acutely sense that on this segment of the thousand snakes haze tree, dozens of branches were still alive. They were like pythons, coiling and moving around slowly. If any prey entered their range, they would strike swiftly, killing the prey.


 Even though the thousand snakes haze tree was in a sad state, it was still an immemorial desolate plant, it was easy to kill ancient desolate beasts and desolate beast groups.


 Fang Yuan observed for a while and discovered something new: “Fortune and disaster really comes together, the complete thousand snakes haze tree killed many life forms and created a mountain of corpses, causing the lightning to strike it. But this thousand snakes haze tree only has this tiny segment left, it can only hunt a limited number of prey, yin qi and grudge are not accumulated here, thus no lightning struck it again.”


 That was the reason why this thousand snakes haze tree was still around in the world.


 But Fang Yuan frowned gradually.


 He took a huge risk in coming to Tai Qiu, it was to find a suitable location to set up the transportation Gu formation.


 There were three locations indicated in Tai Qiu for Fang Yuan to visit.


 The first two were gone, and the third was unsuitable.


 Because the thousand snakes haze tree was still alive.


 This was an immemorial desolate plant, it had incredible battle strength, rivaling rank eight Gu Immortals. Even if it were the weakest of all rank eight beings, Fang Yuan could not defeat it. This was a huge problem for Lang Ya Sect’s plan.


 If they fought here, a beast tide might happen.


 “That means, I completed part of my mission, and failed a part. Even though I made Tai Qiu’s map more accurate and eliminated three locations, I did not find a location that suited Lang Ya Sect in setting up the transportation Gu formation.”


 “It can’t be helped, dark limit Immortal Gu’s power is weakening, I should leave first. I will return to explore Tai Qiu again another time.”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 If he could succeed this time, that would be best, after all, Fang Yuan’s recent situation was not bad, he had no immediate internal or external threats.


 If he did not succeed, by the next time, Fang Yuan would not have much time or energy to spare.


 He was very busy.


 Managing an immortal aperture was a huge job, he also had his own cultivation to worry about, he had to settle his immortal zombie body’s problem, as well as turn Fang Zheng’s mindset.


 It could not be helped. Most things in life did not go according to one’s wishes.


 Fang Yuan slowly left.


 He chose the direction closest to the exit and took his leave.


 But the problem was, after Fang Yuan moved for a while, he discovered some peculiarities.


 First, two ancient desolate beasts were fighting, causing a huge commotion. Next, three desolate beast groups were also facing each other, they were about to erupt into battle.


 And unfortunately, these three desolate beast groups were blocking Fang Yuan’s path.


 “These all point to the occurrence of a beast tide.”


 “So that’s it.”


 “The protection of dark limit Immortal Gu on my body has weakened to this degree? Even though heaven’s will cannot detect my location, it already known the general location. Thus, it is creating a beast tide, to wreak havoc Tai Qiu. It wants to use this chance to expose me.”


 “Mm... that’s right, I have Spring Autumn Cicada and large numbers of snow monsters with me, they all have heaven’s will. Even though they are restricted inside my immortal aperture, the heaven’s will inside can resonate with the parts in the outside world.”


 Fang Yuan frowned even deeper.


 He had somewhat underestimated heaven’s will’s power.


 Logically speaking, any immortal aperture world, be it a blessed land or grotto-heaven, was independent, they had nothing to do with the world of the five regions. Heaven’s will could not interfere in these small worlds.


 But now Fang Yuan knew, if heaven’s will existed in these small worlds, then it could cause a resonance with the heaven’s will in the outside world, collaborating with one another.


 Using heaven’s will’s connection, and with dark limit Immortal Gu’s weakening, even though heaven’s will could not find Fang Yuan’s location, it could create a huge beast tide that could seek out Fang Yuan, before eliminating him mercilessly!


 “Experiments lead to the truth! Or maybe, the intel provided by Shadow Sect regarding heaven’s will was not complete. I cannot stay here!” Fang Yuan thought as he moved.


 He stretched out his monkey arms, jumping on giant grass strands, moving away from the beast groups, evading heaven’s will’s trap.


 But he was bound to fail.


 It was too late.


 The two ancient desolate beasts fought and went towards the beast groups that were in conflict, a huge chaotic battle started as a result.


 The impact of the chaotic battle affected the surroundings, triggering even more chaos.


 As the havoc grew, a beast tide formed, rampaging towards Fang Yuan.


 The beast tide was terrifying.


 Be it desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts, they were in a frenzied state.


 They were in a berserk state, only listening to their survival instincts as they growled frenziedly, roaring.


 Prey began to attack the predator, many beast groups that had lived together were now broken apart, there was no order left.


 Large numbers of desolate beasts scattered in fear, a strong force was forming. This force brought along other fierce beasts, even if they were unwilling to, they could not help themselves.


 A moment later, this force became stronger and stronger, it was like an unstoppable flood.


 Sweeping everything! Anything that stood before this force, be it desolate beast or ancient desolate beast, was decimated.


 Fang Yuan felt like he was a small plank floating on top of raging waters.


 He could not help himself, he could only move forward along with the beast tide.


 He had to continue his disguise, if he was exposed, heaven’s will would overwhelm him using the beast tide. By then, even if he had unlimited immortal essence and a large number of Immortal Gu with him, he would die without an intact corpse.


 He was only a rank six Gu Immortal who had passed one earthly calamity.


 Even though Fang Yuan had Change Form and attitude Gu, and even familiar face, simply disguising himself was not enough.


 Dark limit Immortal Gu’s power was fading, by some point, Fang Yuan would be exposed to heaven’s will!


 He could not expose himself, that was courting death. But he could not stay hidden forever, that was waiting for death.


 Fang Yuan was in deep danger, he could not find any solutions for the moment.


 “Maybe I can take a risk for a chance of survival.” He suddenly had a thought.


 If there was no other choice, he could only do this.


 Entrusting his hope in blood torrent and sword escape Immortal Gu.


 But this was deep inside Tai Qiu.


 Desolate beasts were everywhere, and ancient desolate beasts were also high in number. Heaven’s will had too many options, it could choose and influence them, it could block Fang Yuan easily.


 At this time, the beast tide suddenly changed directions, it was moving forward before, but now, it turned at an angle.


 “This is?!” Fang Yuan looked ahead, joy was showing in his round monkey eyes.


 He looked at the mountain-like red corpse in front, there were still buds of blue flames burning on the bones, the heat was concealed and there was no warmth at all, but Fang Yuan felt a deep sense of danger.


 This was an immemorial desolate beast’s corpse.


 It seemed to have just died, the immemorial aura was overwhelming, even the beast tide avoided it subconsciously.


 “Truly a surprise when I least expected it, hope is just around the corner!” At this moment, Fang Yuan really wanted to laugh loudly.



***
Chapter 1089 - Formation Path Great Grandmaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fly!


 The fire swallowing monkey’s body moved agilely in the air, it jumped up and flew away from the beast tide under the concealment of smoke and dust, getting close to the immemorial desolate beast’s corpse.


 From the appearance, it resembled an elephant corpse.


 Tattered grey-blue elephant skin hung over flesh and blood that had dried and rotted. Its white skeleton formed a rack, and with the skin, a giant ‘tent’ was made.


 This was a half collapsed ‘tent’, there was an intense aura from within it, when this immemorial desolate beast was still alive, it must have undergone a fierce battle.


 Fang Yuan had a question in his mind: “What could have killed this immemorial desolate beast?”


 He was currently very close to the center of Tai Qiu.


 This was one of the ten great fierce areas in Northern Plains, it was very dangerous and its contents were unknown. The immemorial desolate beasts hidden in it made even super forces feel headache.


 After all, immemorial desolate beasts had battle strength equal to rank eight Gu Immortals.


 And among super forces, only a few had rank eight Gu Immortals.


 In the huge Northern Plains, there were only five rank eight Gu Immortals in the open.


 Even if he was at the periphery of Tai Qiu, if he was careless, he would trigger a beast tide. Immemorial desolate beast and beast tides, these two reasons were why Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal forces refused to meddle in here.


 Fang Yuan got closer to the immemorial desolate elephant’s corpse.


 Compared to this huge corpse, Fang Yuan was like a fly, he flew towards the tattered grey-blue ‘tent’.


 There was no wind.


 But Fang Yuan felt his pressure increasing.


 A formless force was repelling Fang Yuan in waves, he felt like he was moving against a tide, as he entered deep into the sea.


 After getting close, Fang Yuan started to hear things.


 Swish swish swish...


 All he could hear was the ebb and flow of waves.


 “Water path dao marks!” Fang Yuan was slightly shaken.


 Undoubtedly, this immemorial desolate elephant had an abundant number of water path dao marks.


 Even though the immemorial desolate elephant was dead, the water path dao marks in its bones and skin were left. They were affecting this area at all times.


 Fang Yuan had seen the corpse of an immemorial desolate beast before, it was during Dong Fang Chang Fan’s tribulation.


 Back then, the immemorial ruin bat’s corpse was modified by Dong Fang Chang Fan, thus, Fang Yuan did not have the same feeling as now.


 Inside the super Gu formation of Earth Trench, fang yuan had obtained a number of immemorial immortal materials, these immortal materials had lots of dao marks in them, lights of dao marks could even be seen with the naked eye!


 But these immortal materials were just a small portion. In terms of the number of dao marks, they could not compare to this immemorial desolate elephant’s corpse which was nearly complete.


 The number of accumulated dao marks in an immemorial desolate beast was quite terrifying.


 And most importantly, this immemorial desolate beast had died just recently.


 Thus, Fang Yuan felt a repulsive feeling, it was hard to get close to it.


 “When immemorial desolate beasts and desolate plants stay in a place for long, their dao marks would affect the environment, and change it gradually.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts flashed quickly, his legs did not stop moving, he maneuvered and tried to get as close as possible.


 Because of these water path dao marks, there was no wind. Around the entire corpse, there was silence, with no signs of life.


 “After this area is completely transformed, it will have thick fog, a lake might even form, and countless plants and wild beasts would start living here.”


 Fang Yuan concluded that this area was still not stable.


 The immemorial desolate elephant’s dao marks were subtly changing the environment of the surroundings.


 This process could take decades, centuries, or even millennia. During this process, the immemorial desolate elephant’s water path dao marks would dissipate, the surrounding area would also reject dao marks of all other paths, with water path remaining primarily.


 Eventually, the water path dao marks in the surroundings and the water path dao marks left in the immemorial desolate elephant’s body would reach an equilibrium. The desolate elephant’s corpse would stop breaking down, the remaining water path dao marks would stop decreasing, it would, instead, be nurtured by the environment.


 Other than Fang Yuan, there were no traces of plants or animals.


 Fang Yuan was very out of place now.


 The beast tide suddenly became chaotic, they were moving forward initially, but now they were starting to get messy.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he watched as he focused.


 But the beast tide was only messy for a moment before it returned to normal. It was like a tidal wave, going around this corpse and crashing elsewhere. Everywhere it went, grass and trees fell, smoke and dust rose, it was a pitiful sight.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he thought: “It seems that Shadow Sect’s intel is correct. Even though desolate beasts are easily influenced by heaven’s will, the effect is small in the short run. The beast tide has already formed, even if heaven’s will discovers me, it cannot control the beast tide to charge at the immemorial desolate beast corpse. Over here, I am safe!”


 A moment later, Fang Yuan stopped moving.


 He looked around, raising his head.


 At this distance, it was perfect, he was neither too far nor too close to the immemorial desolate corpse.


 Most importantly, there was a reaction in Fang Yuan’s Gu worms.


 Before leaving, Lang Ya land spirit had given him a set of Gu worm to set up the area. The Gu worms which were reacting now were specialized investigative Gu worms. If they sensed a suitable location for the formation, they would send out sound and vibrations that only the Gu Immortal could hear.


 Set up the formation!


 Fang Yuan stopped moving forward, he stood still and injected immortal essence into his Gu worms.


 One after another, Immortal Gu were activated.


 Some flew out of Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, circling around him. Some were dancing in the air within Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, staying inside.


 Lights of immortal origin were shining, it was a beautiful scene.


 A great amount of concentration was needed, Fang Yuan had to stop his transformation and show his true form.


 Heaven’s will raged, it had uncovered Fang Yuan, thunder was rumbling in the sky.


 But it was futile.


 Heaven’s will could only act in itself when a Gu Immortal was undergoing tribulation. Fang Yuan was not undergoing tribulation now, he was also not using the hairy man nature Gu refinement technique to refine Immortal Gu.


 Traces of smoke were dancing, mysterious sounds were resounding.


 With Fang Yuan as the center, a huge seven colored spiral was formed, it looked like fog, while also looking like a tide, it was a grand scene with unparalleled beauty.


 The spiral became larger and larger, expanding in an orderly fashion.


 Gu worms were arranged in the rainbow light, some were buried in the soil, some were left on the ground, some turned phantom and were floating in the air, some were even sealed in the air, they could not be seen with the naked eye.


 A vast number of Gu worms were arranged at lightning speed.


 Fang Yuan was mainly the immortal essence provider, an Immortal Gu was setting the formation.


 Rank six formation plate Gu!


 It was like a round plate, a porcelain plate used to hold rice and vegetables. It was floating above Fang Yuan’s head, mobilizing all sorts of Gu worms.


 Setting up the formation took six hours.


 By sundown, when the sun emitted the final trace of light, Fang Yuan collected his Gu worms.


 A vast number of mortal Gu had been placed here, the Immortal Gu were all retrieved. All of the Gu worms formed a complex and hidden Gu formation, hidden in this area. Unless it was used, even Fang Yuan could not find it.


 “Such astonishing attainment!” Fang Yuan sighed.


 By placing down this formation, he had benefited greatly.


 Even though his formation path attainment level was ordinary, he had much insight.


 “If a formation path Gu Immortal has great grandmaster attainment level, they would be able to use the dao marks of heaven and earth to arrange the formation. This Gu formation is similar. This makes me think of a historical figure.”


 This person was called Immortal Lady Jiu Hua, she was a famous formation path great grandmaster in history.


 Her style of setting up formation was to create myriad lights, beautiful and extraordinary.


 Most importantly, she was from the same era as Long Hair Ancestor. Or more accurately, it was because Long Hair Ancestor had lived for too long.


 “Maybe this transportation Gu formation was the result of a transaction between Long Hair Ancestor and Immortal Lady Jiu Hua.” Fang Yuan guessed.


 The Gu formation was already completed.


 Fang Yuan hesitated for a moment before activating the Gu formation.


 With his vigilant nature, he would surely inspect the Gu formation.


 But he had no research in formation path, and this Gu formation was made by a great grandmaster, it was too complex. Fang Yuan did not have the ability to inspect if there were flaws in it.


 The Gu formation activated slowly, after a few minutes, the first step was completed.


 Lights shone, an illusory formation manifested in the surrounding li. Fang Yuan was in the center, he could hear the sound of water becoming more quickly, but the formless force around him vanished.


 “This Gu formation uses the immemorial corpse’s water path dao marks, no wonder Lang Ya land spirit wanted to choose a place like this to set up the Gu formation.”


 “Gu formations that can transport Gu Immortals are very rare. Even though this Gu formation can do it, it takes a long time, it cannot be used for a speedy escape.”


 Fang Yuan assessed as he activated the crucial Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture.


 This Immortal Gu’s power spread out from his body, causing a rapid change.


 The surrounding lights gathered at Fang Yuan, they turned from phantom to solid, surrounding Fang Yuan and condensing into a ball.


 Fang Yuan felt an intense pressure.


 But a moment later, the huge pressure vanished.


 Bam!


 With a loud sound, the ball of light exploded, turning into specks of light in the sky.


 But Fang Yuan had disappeared.


 A moment later, the area became tranquil.


 As if nothing had ever happened.


 “I am back in Lang Ya blessed land?” Fang Yuan’s body shook, his vision was covered in bright lights, the world was spinning rapidly. Suddenly, he felt that he was stepping on solid ground, he focused and looked ahead, his vision became clear, and he was already inside Lang Ya blessed land.


 He was at the center of a huge Gu formation.


 He had already come into contact with this Gu formation.


 When he teleported from Feng Bo Cliff previously, he had landed here.


 Fang Yuan had some understanding now: “It seems that this is the main formation, the ones at Tai Qiu, Feng Bo Cliff and others, are the sub formations. To use the super Gu formation, the key is that Immortal Gu.”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s figure appeared.


 He laughed loudly: “Fang Yuan, you did not disappoint me!”



***
Chapter 1090 - Ancient Battle Formation Omni-directional Travel


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The matter in Tai Qiu ended in success with Fang Yuan setting up the Gu formation.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not shortchange him, he gave him the promised reward, a total of six hundred sect contribution points.


 Using these points, Fang Yuan could exchange for many things, what attracted him the most were the transformation path Immortal Gu recipes inside Lang Ya Sect’s treasury.


 Lang Ya Sect has three true inheritances, they came from three legendary people, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor. There were no transformation path true inheritances, but Lang Ya Sect had a huge array of Immortal Gu recipes, among them were many transformation path Immortal Gu recipes.


 But Fang Yuan was not in a rush to exchange for them using sect contribution points.


 He saved these sect contribution points for now.


 Now was not the time to exchange them for transformation path Immortal Gu recipes, or the time to refine transformation path Immortal Gu.


 It was not a good moment.


 After transacting with Shadow Sect, and after the trip to Tai Qiu, Fang Yuan became deeply aware of his situation!


 You’re reading on .com Thanks!


 Even though he succeeded in setting up the transportation Gu formation, and could travel between Lang Ya blessed land and Tai Qiu quickly, Fang Yuan did not want to enter Tai Qiu again.


 If he went again, it would be too dangerous.


 “Dark limit Immortal Gu’s power has faded, it can only be used after some time, it is not safe anymore. Heaven’s will can think, I caught it off guard last time, but because setting up the Gu formation could not be done secretly, heaven’s will already knows about it, it will definitely try to influence the surrounding desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, and even immemorial desolate beasts!”


 Since heaven’s will was trying its best to get rid of Fang Yuan, it was a no-brainer that heaven’s will was going to create all sorts of traps and arrangements in the surroundings of the immemorial desolate elephant corpse.


 It was best for Fang Yuan to not go.


 However, even though he was not going, Lang Ya Sect was going to take action there.


 “Since Lang Ya land spirit has already accepted my suggestion, he will mobilize many hairy man Gu Immortals to cultivate transformation path.”


 “Cultivating transformation path will require him to refine transformation path Immortal Gu. And to refine Immortal Gu, he would need immortal materials.”


 “Lang Ya Sect has a huge treasury with many immortal materials, but the previous Lang Ya land spirit has controlled the blessed land for so long, and he had been constantly refining Gu. Thus, even though the treasury has many immortal materials, they are mostly rank eight or quasi-rank nine materials, rank six and seven materials are scarce.”


 “Thus, Lang Ya land spirit will definitely set up sect missions soon to encourage hairy man Gu Immortals to go to Tai Qiu and kill desolate beasts. They can collect immortal materials to refine Gu, while also training the hairy man Gu Immortals to improve their battle strength. The second point is Lang Ya land spirit’s greatest concern!”


 “Let these hairy man Gu Immortals be my pawns! Since heaven’s will can think, even if they are targeted, it is better than me being targeted.”


 A cold light shone across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Lang Ya Sect was stronger than him by countless times, but at this moment, he became the chess player. The whole of Lang Ya Sect were his chess piece.


 And the best thing was, even though Fang Yuan was plotting against Lang Ya Sect, he was also thinking about the future of Lang Ya Sect and its progress. Thus, he was not going against his alliance agreement.


 “This is the tactical advantage of having more intel than the other side.” Fang Yuan sighed, he learned about the value of information once again.


 Gu Masters of all paths had their own specialties.


 Information path was not an exception among them.


 But if its ability could be displayed fully, information path could give the Gu Master as much advantage as compared to any other path, if not more!


 Of course, Fang Yuan’s advantage in information was because of his transactions with Shadow Sect.


 And Shadow Sect definitely paid a high price to obtain information on heaven’s will and Lang Ya Sect.


 “I have been lacking information path methods, from now on, I need to try and fix that!” Fang Yuan was determined.


 Information path Gu Masters were skilled in collecting intelligence and setting up alliance agreements, they were carriers of information. This might not seem important for cultivation, but one could gain immense advantage from it.


 Central Continent, Earth Abyss.


 Loud sounds were reverberating here.


 “A discovery!”


 “We had searched that direction more than ten times... they are really well hidden.”


 Ancient Soul Sect’s Gu Immortals reacted, they were enthusiastically charging towards the area with the sound.


 Ying Wu Xie spat out a mouthful of blood, he was half-kneeling on the ground, not only was his expression downcast, he was also gravely injured, half his body was missing.


 “A mere immortal zombie...” The Ancient Soul Sect Gu Immortals fighting with Ying Wu Xie floated in the air, looking down at Ying Wu Xie, they scoffed in disdain.


 “Keep them alive!”


 “Even as an immortal zombie, his concealment method is very incredible, we have to interrogate him for it.”


 The other two Gu Immortals shouted, rushing here with rapid speed.


 Ying Wu Xie laughed with a mocking tone: “You want my concealment method? Sure, I can tell you now!”


 Oh no!


 The three Ancient Soul Sect Gu Immortals’ expressions changed, they realized that this was the enemy’s plan.


 Ying Wu Xie had purposely showed weakness to lure these three immortals over.


 He was bait.


 Since there was bait, there were surely plans to deal with the enemies.


 Ancient Soul Sect’s three Gu Immortals did not react slowly, but Ying Wu Xie had prepared amply, how could they manage to escape?


 In an instant, the super Gu formation, which had already charged up, activated.


 Ancient Soul Sect’s three immortals fell into despair, they only felt that an endless force was restricting them from all directions.


 At once, they could not move at all, they were helpless!


 Next, under the three immortals’ expressions of disbelief, their bodies and souls were smashed into bits by the power of the super Gu formation.


 Even though they resisted, they only lasted for less than three breaths of time.


 “Hmph, I will collect some interest from you people first.” Ying Wu Xie snickered, his gaze was cold.


 He had just spoke, when Earth Abyss trembled, sharp light shone dazzlingly, covering a vast surrounding range.


 “So fast! It has only been so long, but Heavenly Court has already found my location and are moving here!” Ying Wu Xie was shocked.


 But soon, he calmed down.


 He flew into the super Gu formation.


 The super Gu formation was overworked these last days from resisting Heavenly Court’s deductions, and after killing the three Ancient Soul Sect elite Gu Immortals earlier, it was greatly damaged and was on the brink of destruction.


 But Ying Wu Xie did not care.


 He was abandoning this base already.


 It could not be saved.


 “Master.” Shi Nu appeared beside Ying Wu Xie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan followed behind.


 The latter two were lacking Immortal Gu, their battle strength had fallen to the bottom. Shi Nu was the strongest, particularly as Ying Wu Xie had already returned him all of his Immortal Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was worried: “Fang Yuan, your injuries...”


 Ying Wu Xie smiled, waving his hand, stopping Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “No need to worry.”


 After transacting with Fang Yuan, he had lost Fang Yuan’s body, his appearance changed, but he still had absolute control over these three people.


 It was easy to deceive Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his body was destroyed when refining Gu, it was a good excuse that did not attract suspicion.


 “The enemy is in front of us, let’s stop talking and leave.” At Ying Wu Xie’s will, the super Gu formation broke apart and the Immortal Gu that made up the Gu formation returned to him.


 The other three immortals coordinated together, they gathered and stood at the north, south, east, and west directions with Ying Wu Xie.


 Before leaving, Ying Wu Xie looked at the mysterious light in the sky as he laughed, he cried out loudly: “Central Continent... We will return with vengeance!”


 He had transacted with Fang Yuan, obtaining a way out in this desperate situation, he had undergone a transformation, like jade that had been polished.


 Even though he was escaping, when he spoke, morale was raised, it gave people hope from out of nowhere.


 Move!


 A bright light shone from Ying Wu Xie and the other immortals’ bodies.


 They had practiced it extensively, they activated the Immortal Gu that they had refined recently, they burst out with power, fusing together into one mystical effect.


 Bam...


 With a loud sound, Ying Wu Xie and the others vanished.


 Multiple rank eight Gu Immortals from Heavenly Court arrived from beyond the mystical lights.


 “They left so quickly!” A female immortal was leading Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 She had a graceful figure and was adorned in a beautiful purple robe. Her eyes were like deep pools, with a sense of sorrow shrouding her face.


 It was Fairy Zi Wei.


 A troublesome figure with wisdom path attainment not inferior to Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord.


 The few times she took action, she caused Ying Wu Xie and the others to end up in despair. If not for Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie would have been dead for sure.


 She looked at the rubble on the ground as she deduced, frowning: “A total of four Gu Immortals... strange, I deduced that Fang Yuan was here initially, but now it’s different. No matter what, they are from Shadow Sect, they have to be killed.”


 She spoke casually, but there was deep killing intent hidden in her icy words.


 A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal behind her spoke: “I am sure they cannot escape this time, I will go to capture them.”


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled lightly, but there was bitterness in her smile: “We cannot go. These four are at the regional wall already. By now, they should already be inside the regional wall.”


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were surprised.


 Someone asked: “So quickly?”


 “This is an ancient battle formation, called Omni-directional Travel. Earlier, when Bo Qing awakened, he, along with the hairy man Gu Immortal Yu Mu Chun, immortal zombie Seven Star Child, and Blood Dragon Song Zi Xing teleported from Falling Heavenly River to Heavenly Lotus Sect, they used this method.”


 “Even though we have Fixed Immortal Travel, this ancient battle formation uses people as the formation cores, it has lower restrictions regarding the Gu Immortals. We cannot stop them.”


 Fairy Zi Wei deduced again as she said slowly.


 In just a moment, she had completely understood what method Ying Wu Xie used to escape for his life.



***
Chapter 1091 - Retreating After Fighting


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan inspected his immortal aperture.


 His divine sense was roaming the huge space inside his immortal aperture, all around, he saw barren land.


 “I have too few earth path dao marks, this barren terrain has few resources, most plants cannot be grown. To improve it, I will need to add earth path dao marks, other than that, all other methods do not solve the fundamental problem.” Fang Yuan thought.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was too big, it surpassed common sense.


 Even if Fang Yuan’s divine sense spread out completely, he would have to spend a lot of time.


 But when Fang Yuan inspected his immortal aperture with a focus and a target, his efficiency was greatly raised.


 Different divine senses were spreading towards different areas.


 Gradually, the resource points that Fang Yuan was managing were displayed in his mind.


 Western Desert had sandy terrain.


 There was a huge pit with charred sand surrounding it, the temperature was high.


 Inside the pit, there were a huge number of eerie fire dragon pythons coiling around, procreating.


 This was the first pit.


 Normally, eerie fire dragon pythons lived in clusters of two to three. But here, Fang Yuan used the Northern Plains Dong Fang tribe’s special method to raise them, he placed many eerie fire dragon pythons together, promoting the creation of more infant snakes.


 These eerie fire dragon pythons came from Dong Fang tribe’s blessed land previously.


 He had obtained this rearing method from Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul, it was the original copy and had many fine details clearly stated in it.


 Because of this, the eerie fire dragon pythons were growing in numbers at a rapid rate.


 Several li away from this pit, there were three other pits.


 The number of dragon pythons in each pit was not fewer than the first pit!


 “It has been less than a month outside, but the time inside here passes at sixty times the rate, I have quadrupled the number of eerie fire dragon pythons already.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Sixty times the rate of time, it was terrifying!


 The eerie fire dragon pythons had been living in Hu Immortal blessed land for a long time, but there was little growth in them, the result was far inferior to what Fang Yuan was seeing now.


 This was because Hu Immortal blessed land was placed in the main world, the rate of time was much slower, the resources grew more slowly.


 The eerie fire dragon pythons were like this, so too were the dragonfish, regretful spiders, arrow bamboo forest, star fragment grass fields and others, they increased in scale to varying degrees.


 But in terms of quality, the arrow bamboo forest and star fragment grass were growing less well than in Star Form blessed land in terms of vitality.


 This was because the sovereign immortal aperture had fewer star path dao marks than Star Form blessed land.


 When Gu Immortals manage their immortal apertures, they had to inspect all aspects of the immortal aperture, to prevent missing something.


 Especially when immortal apertures were small and all sorts of resources were placed closely together, they might negatively influence each other’s growth.


 But Fang Yuan’s situation was fine.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had huge space, all sorts of resources had their respective environments, there was little chance of a problem occurring.


 “When treasure yellow heaven opens, I will sell these resources, the rewards will surely be promising.” Fang Yuan concluded, feeling pleased.


 Treasure yellow heaven closing had a huge influence on him.


 He was trying to manage and construct resources points in the immortal aperture, but without treasure yellow heaven, he could not buy much. Even though Lang Ya Sect’s inventory was huge, they were mostly Gu refinement immortal materials, they were not useful to Fang Yuan.


 Stopping the use of his divine sense, only one last part went towards Mini Northern Plains.


 This time, Mini Northern Plains was Fang Yuan’s focus.


 Roar roar roar...


 In Mini Northern Plains, large numbers of snow monsters were roaming around.


 The further north he went, the colder the weather, there was even snow in the air. On the ground, there was a thin layer of frost.


 Fang Yuan observed carefully, the size of the snow had expanded since his last investigation.


 This was all due to the previous earthly calamity.


 Fang Yuan had undergone the first earthly calamity in the icy plain. It was powerful, but Fang Yuan also gained much from it, he obtained a huge number of ice and snow path dao marks.


 Because of these dao marks, Mini Northern Plains had snow falling from the sky.


 This environment suited the snow monsters more.


 Currently in Mini Northern Plains, there were countless ordinary snow monsters, large numbers of desolate beast snow monsters, and a small number of ancient snow monsters ruling them.


 Before transacting with Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan had planned to keep these snow monsters as a form of resource inside his immortal aperture.


 But after the transactions, Fang Yuan understood what heaven’s will was, he was determined to eliminate these snow monsters!


 Because these snow monsters were filled to the brim with heaven’s will.


 Fang Yuan came with killing intent, he mobilized his divine sense, a strength path immortal zombie brought along a large number of immortal essence as Gu worms flew around the body.


 Sword path killer move — Triple Layered Sword Wave!


 The Gu worms were used one by one, immortal essence was expended, a moment later, a grand wave burst out.


 Rumble...


 The silvery sword wave charged out with countless ripples, giving off killing intent that was colder than ice.


 Ordinary snow monsters could not resist, they were engulfed by the sword wave and cut into pieces. The pieces were cut further into specks, before being completely eliminated, nothing remained eventually.


 But those desolate beast snow monsters could resist.


 But they only lasted a few breaths of time before being destroyed by the sword wave.


 Sword path had extremely strong offense. It was one of the five strongest paths for fighting in the current Gu Immortal world.


 Triple layered sword wave was an outstanding killer move, the wave of attacks became stronger each consecutive time. When Fang Yuan was undergoing tribulation, he used this move to kill the ruin bats made from snow, barely surviving.


 After three sword waves, he killed thousands of ordinary snow monsters and six desolate beast snow monsters, it was quite a good result.


 The thousands of snow monsters did not expend much of the sword waves. But the six desolate beast snow monsters, each one used up a lot of energy, causing the three waves to expend.


 Roar!


 Following a loud roar, a seventy feet snow monster rushed towards him with unbounded rage.


 Along with it, there were several desolate beast snow monsters and ten thousand ordinary snow monsters.


 A huge snow monster group charged forth like an army, towards Fang Yuan with killing intent.


 Fang Yuan moved the immortal zombie body, retreating!


 He was currently controlling this strength path immortal zombie to fight using his immortal essence and Gu worms.


 This strength path immortal zombie was obtained from Blazing Heaven Demoness, its immortal aperture had been destroyed long ago.


 Immortal essence and Gu worms could only be brought alongside the immortal zombie, it was very unsafe for fighting.


 Thus, to eliminate these snow monsters, Fang Yuan chose to stay at range to attack them.


 This was a shameless tactic.


 Every fight was basically at a new location!


 After another fight, he would retreat again.


 The snow monsters charged imposingly, but when they arrived, Fang Yuan had already escaped, nowhere to be seen.


 The snow monsters’ rage could not be vented, they growled loudly, causing vibrations in the air. The ancient snow monsters growled, throwing snowballs around, as they flew like meteors, scattering.


 Man is the spirit of all living beings, with a difference in intelligence, Fang Yuan held the initiative, these snow monsters could only take a beating passively.


 After getting to a safe distance, the strength path immortal zombie that Fang Yuan was controlling stopped moving, stopping to rest.


 Even though his body was uninjured, Fang Yuan paid a price.


 It was his green grape immortal essence.


 Activating triple layered sword wave used a lot of immortal essence!


 And his Lang Ya Sect contribution points.


 Because the Immortal Gu that formed triple layered sword wave included not just the core Immortal Gu, Wave Sword, but also other, water path Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan had to borrow these water path Immortal Gu from Lang Ya land spirit, he had to spend a lot of sect contribution points.


 All in all, the cost of using triple layered sword wave once was high.


 But now, Fang Yuan had a lot of resources to trade, he had enough profits to sustain the immortal essence cost. In terms of sect contribution points, because of the trip to Tai Qiu, he had obtained a huge number of them. In the short term, they were not an issue.


 After resting, the snow monster group had settled down, before Fang Yuan started his slaughter again.


 “I have to kill all of these snow monsters before the second earthly calamity comes. Otherwise, the calamities would make use of this and work together, I would die in the second earthly calamity.” Fang Yuan was aware of this.


 The calamities and tribulations of a Gu Immortal become stronger and stronger each time.


 Fang Yuan’s second earthly calamity was bound to be stronger than the first.


 If the snow monsters from the first earthly calamity remained, and coordinated with the second earthly calamity, Fang Yuan’s chances of surviving would be slim, he would almost certainly get into a desperate situation!


 This was not the first time Fang Yuan had acted.


 More than ten days had passed since he returned to Lang Ya blessed land. Every day, Fang Yuan went to kill snow monsters.


 Snow monsters were dying on a large scale, their sizes were shrinking, but many were still left, Fang Yuan had to work harder.


 But if he killed many of them in one day, he would cause a huge commotion.


 Even though snow monsters had low intelligence, they had survival instincts, other than growling to vent their anger, they could also communicate with one another and alert each other.


 After Fang Yuan attacked them multiple times, these snow monsters were alert already, they went under the protection of the ancient snow monsters, forming a tight defense.


 Fang Yuan could not attack easily, he withdrew the strength path immortal zombie and stopped killing snow monsters for the day.


 Placing his focus away from the immortal aperture, Fang Yuan stood up.


 He flew out of cloud city, soon, he came to Luo Po Valley.


 Every day, he had to cultivate his soul.


 “Lord Fang Yuan.”


 “Elder Fang Yuan is here again? You are really hardworking when it comes to cultivating, this is very admirable.”


 In Luo Po Valley, there were other Gu Immortals. These hairy man Gu Immortals were familiar with Fang Yuan, because he had guided them in combat tactics.


 Fang Yuan entered the valley, they took the initiative to greet him.


 Fang Yuan also replied to them politely.


 Thanks to the spy, Sixth Hair, Fang Yuan could get along well with these hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Selecting a spot, after inspecting the area, Fang Yuan had his soul fly out, starting his cultivation.


 Pain was ingrained into his soul, causing it to tremble intensely.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he was unwavering.


 After a long while, a few hairy man Gu Immortals who were watching him talked among themselves after retracting their gazes.


 “A cultivation maniac!”


 “It is hard to think that he can stay in Luo Po Valley for two hours a day!”


 “This pain... I cannot even endure some minutes of it...”



***
Chapter 1092 - Self Will Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s soul was roaming in Luo Po Valley.


 He did not move far, only around the vicinity of his body.


 Once in a while, there would be bewilderment fog drifting towards him.


 Fang Yuan’s soul was bathed in the bewilderment fog, he was like a book soaked in water, slowly opening up.


 “The more condensed my soul is, the harder it is to loosen. After cultivating here for so many days, my soul is more than ten times as condensed as before, this is an incredible improvement! However, compared to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, this is truly insignificant.” Fang Yuan assessed himself, thinking about the battle of Yi Tian Mountain once again.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the founder of soul path, even though he died, his soul remained, he still had the highest soul path foundation in the world.


 Spectral Soul’s soul was condensed to a terrifying level.


 Ordinary souls were like illusory silhouettes, they could interfere with the mind at most, they could not affect the material world.


 But Spectral Soul was so condensed that he could resist the grand tribulation with his soul. The imposing appearance was stuck deeply in Fang Yuan’s mind. Even though he lost his memories due to the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, this portion of his memories was not lost.


 “Perhaps even if Spectral Soul came to Luo Po Valley, the bewilderment fog would have no effect on him.” Fang Yuan thought as he sighed to himself: “When can I have this level of cultivation myself?”


 If Fang Yuan’s soul had the foundation of Spectral Soul, then even if the immortal zombie body had a strong trap, it would be useless.


 Bewilderment fog gathered and scattered, soon, Luo Po wind started to blow.


 Fang Yuan’s soul was bathed in the wind, traces of wind cut his soul apart like steel threads.


 Pain that was greater than dying by a thousand cuts made Fang Yuan’s soul tremble.


 But Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, enduring this wind.


 This wind was not very strong, it did not last very long either, Fang Yuan could endure it.


 But if he encountered strong winds, Fang Yuan would retreat wisely, and keep his soul inside his body.


 With the protection of his body, Luo Po wind’s might was greatly reduced.


 After this wind passed, Fang Yuan’s soul shrunk by thirty percent.


 To play safe, he returned to his body.


 Guts Gu!


 Guts Gu were shattered in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, as they turned into a mysterious power that affected his soul.


 Soon, his soul became strong again.


 The injuries from his earlier cultivation vanished completely!


 Luo Po Valley and Dang Hun Mountain were both sacred lands for soul cultivation.


 With these two in his hands, Fang Yuan’s soul path cultivation level rose rapidly, he was improving immensely.


 Like this, after the bewilderment fog and Luo Po wind, Fang Yuan’s soul was tempered like steel, it became more refined and condensed.


 But he did not know when he could enter the immortal zombie body.


 Two hours later, Fang Yuan’s soul started to feel agitated.


 He wisely stopped his cultivation, his soul returned to his body and he left Luo Po Valley.


 Two hours was Fang Yuan’s personal limit, he had learned it after cultivation multiple times.


 There were three aspects in soul cultivation.


 Everyone knew about strengthening the soul and refining the soul, but these were just two of them.


 There was a third aspect, that was soul pacification.


 Strengthening the soul could make the soul grow.


 Refining the soul could make it more condensed and pure.


 And pacifying the soul was to allow rest and recovery.


 The three complemented one another, if one only focused on one aspect, they would lose out on a lot, it was not worth it.


 Among which, guts Gu from Dang Hun Mountain were the best to strengthen the soul. Luo Po wind and bewilderment fog were the best for soul refinement. And finally, the most effective way to pacify the soul was the pacifying soul soup in Bewitching Lake.


 Bewitching Lake was inside the door of life and death. In the legends, after Verdant Great Sun died, he had remained drunk by the riverside.


 “The door of life and death is inside Shadow Sect’s blessed land, and Shadow Sect’s blessed land is at Southern Border’s Yi Tian Mountain, it is currently engulfed by the giant dream realm. Otherwise, if I could obtain the door of life and death, I would be able to gather all three and cultivate my soul with the highest efficiency!”


 Fang Yuan was only thinking about it.


 That giant dream realm was the greatest obstacle. Currently, he could not pass that obstacle no matter what.


 And most importantly, there was heaven’s will.


 Fang Yuan’s every action drew the attention of heaven’s will.


 Even if he was going to act in the future, Fang Yuan would still be most wary of heaven’s will.


 As he flew, Fang Yuan did not return to his cloud city first.


 He rushed to the twelfth cloud city.


 Soon, he saw the hairy man Gu Immortal Twelfth Hair.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, you are here. This is the self will Gu that you wanted me to refine. Inspect them.” Twelfth Hair said in a warm tone.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, keeping all of the self will Gu, saying: “No need for inspection. Twelfth elder, I trust you.”


 Twelfth Hair laughed, he was deeply moved.


 Before Fang Yuan left, he held his hand as he said with much gratitude: “I have to thank you for giving me this chance to refine self will Gu. Otherwise, when treasure yellow heaven opens, I would not have the capital to buy desolate beasts.”


 “We are kindred spirits, this is a win-win situation, I hope we can continue to work together.” Fang Yuan smiled as he replied.


 “Of course!” Twelfth Hair replied candidly.


 After the transaction, Fang Yuan returned to his cloud city.


 “Self will Gu.” In the room, Fang Yuan mumbled as he held a rank five mortal Gu.


 This Gu worm looked like a scorpion, it was tiny. It had a unique appearance, it looked like folded paper. In Fang Yuan’s hand, it was very light. When it moved its limbs, there was a light sound, it moved very slowly around Fang Yuan’s palm.


 Self will Gu’s recipe came from Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan was a complete otherworldly demon now, he was unaffected by heaven’s will. But other Gu Immortals or Gu Masters were not like him, how could they resist heaven’s will and prevent it from subconsciously affecting them?


 Shadow Sect gave him a solution, that was self will Gu.


 This was a wisdom path Gu worm, it could produce a special type of will — self will. Using self will Gu to cleanse oneself, it could block and prevent the influence of heaven’s will.


 This was an important part of Shadow Sect’s research after a long period of experimentation to resist heaven’s will.


 Fang Yuan obtained self will Gu’s recipe in the transactions with Sixth Hair, he started refining it himself.


 But the result was not good.


 He was not a refinement path expert, he could not achieve much on his own. In particular, his time and effort were very precious, he could not waste time on refining Gu.


 Earlier, he refined change form Immortal Gu because it was too significant to him.


 But although self will Gu was only a mortal Gu, Fang Yuan had a great need for it.


 Thus, after brief hesitation, he gradually felt that he should expose the recipe of self will Gu and give it to the hairy man Gu Immortals from Lang Ya Sect, to get them to help Fang Yuan refine it.


 The price of asking Lang Ya land spirit to help was too high and unnecessary.


 Among the hairy man Gu Immortals in Lang Ya Sect, other than Sixth Hair, the rest were all willing to work for Fang Yuan.


 Because Fang Yuan was already close to them, or even had a good relationship. Also, Lang Ya Sect focused a lot on sect contribution points. After the trip to Tai Qiu, Fang Yuan had accumulated a lot of sect contribution points, the other hairy man Gu Immortals needed them.


 Twelfth Hair was not the only one of them, Fang Yuan also asked for help from other hairy man Gu Immortals.


 He had set the Gu refinement fees to a very low price.


 It was not hard for Fang Yuan to do this.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were quite guileless, and most importantly, they were skilled in Gu refinement while having some unwillingness to fight, they were willing to accept Fang Yuan’s missions.


 This was not the first batch of self will Gu that Fang Yuan obtained.


 After placing the self will Gu into his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan inspected the other Gu worms.


 He had shown a trusting and casual attitude with Twelfth Hair, but he was a vigilant person, after receiving the goods, he inspected them carefully.


 After all, Lang Ya Sect had spies like Sixth Hair.


 Fang Yuan did not know that Sixth Hair was the final spy remaining. But he was cautious, he was wary of Sixth Hair as well as other potential spies.


 The inspection took some time, but compared to refining these mortal Gu himself, it was insignificant.


 After inspecting that there were no issues, Fang Yuan nodded, showing a look of admiration.


 “These are refined by hairy man Gu Immortals after all, the quality is really superb!”


 Fang Yuan kept the self will Gu in his immortal aperture.


 Or rather, he sent them into Mini Northern Plains. He activated them one by one, until these mortal self will Gu were expended.


 A large amount of self will swept through several battlefields, cleansing all of the heaven’s will inside. Other than those inside the snow monsters, the battlefield had none of heaven’s will left.


 “These self will Gu are the best weapon against heaven’s will, but they are very flawed. They are only rank five and are one time consumable Gu, they are gone after I use them.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 He held deep suspicion towards this: “This self will Gu recipe has to be an incomplete version. Even though Shadow Sect gave it to me, they surely have a better recipe! But in those transactions, I requested for too many things, this is the limit, I could not obtain a better recipe.”


 Like this, Fang Yuan got rid of the snow monsters in his immortal aperture and used self will to get rid of the heaven’s will.


 At the same time, he used Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley to cultivate soul path. His soul path foundation was accumulating rapidly.


 Other than this, he even squeezed out some time to coach the hairy man Gu Immortals in fighting. Secretly, he got familiar with his Immortal Gu and practiced his killer moves.


 Treasure yellow heaven’s closure was also a huge impact on Fang Yuan.


 The construction of his immortal aperture was forced to stop, even though Fang Yuan had the capital and plans.


 Days passed by.


 While Fang Yuan anticipated the opening of treasure yellow heaven, the second earthly calamity gradually got closer.


 Lang Ya Sect’s plan towards Tai Qiu had never stopped.


 From time to time, hairy man Gu Immortals received sect missions and used the transportation formation to head to Tai Qiu.


 These hairy man Gu Immortals’ first mission over there was to change the environment and stabilize the transportation Gu formation.


 What made Fang Yuan feel strange was, these hairy man Gu Immortals did not face any difficulties, it was smooth sailing, heaven’s will did not seem to be targeting them.



***
Chapter 1093 - Rejection


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lang Ya blessed land, Cloud Cover Continent.


 In the first cloud city, Lang Ya land spirit was attending to Fang Yuan.


 “Here, Fang Yuan, have some tea. This is the famous fire rainbow tea!” Lang Ya land spirit said with a warm expression.


 Fang Yuan received the cup, he saw that this cup of tea was glowing with a red light. Looking closely, there seemed to be a rainbow inside, swimming around like a fish, moving up and down in a jolly manner.


 Fang Yuan had five hundred years of experience, he had a trove of knowledge.


 Ordinary tea needed to be drunken slowly and appreciated. But this tea was different, one had to gulp it in one mouthful. Most importantly, it was the rainbow inside the tea, after drinking it, one could taste the true fire rainbow tea.


 Fang Yuan held the cup as he looked at the tea, he did not drink it.


 His current body was very outstanding, at once, countless thoughts churned in his mind, he was pondering deeply into an idea.


 The current Lang Ya land spirit liked drinking fire rainbow tea. The previous Lang Ya land spirit drank cloud smoke tea instead.


 The two types of tea showed the difference in the personalities of both Lang Ya land spirits.


 The main ingredient of the cloud smoke tea was float ball tea grass.


 This was planted in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s blessed land, as his main resource. This float ball tea grass floated in the sky, it was not ordinary.


 Float ball tea grass was quite high-end, because it grew in the sky, mortals could not pick it.


 But in Northern Plains, there was a type of tea flower that grew from the ground and was deeply liked. It was the milk tea flower.


 This type of flower grew in the plains of Northern Plains, there were a huge number of them. In some places with lots of aquatic plants, they could be seen everywhere in large numbers. The flower of the milk tea flower was in the shape of a cup, every few days, nectar would fill to the brim of the cup.


 The nectar was sweet and delicious, it attracted countless bees and butterflies, it used them to spread the pollen of the milk tea flower.


 Of course, people could drink it too.


 Almost all Gu Masters living in Northern Plains, or even mortals, had tasted this natural beverage.


 Actually, tea and alcohol were very popular drinks in Northern Plains, as well as the other four regions.


 In Southern Border, there were blue sea cloud tea bricks for sale. This tea brick was not produced in Southern Border, but Eastern Sea instead. Yi clan, one of the super forces of Southern Border, had a close relationship with Eastern Sea. Every year, they imported a huge number of blue sea cloud tea bricks and sold them for great profits.


 In Central Continent, there were even more types of tea. Like Spirit Affinity House’s qingpu tea, Myriad Dragon Dock’s dragon shadow tea, they were very famous.


 Some tea were specialties of Gu Immortals, only that specific Gu Immortal could make it.


 For example, Fairy Li Shan’s snow oil tea, or Feng Jiu Ge’s jade sea tide tea.


 Lang Ya land spirit saw that Fang Yuan was not drinking it, he coughed and urged: “Elder Fang Yuan, quickly drink it! You might not know, but this is the best way to drink this fire rainbow tea.”


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: “I have heard about fire rainbow tea long ago, but when I held this cup of tea, I suddenly thought of many things and was lost in my thoughts.”


 Lang Ya land spirit: “Then what was Elder Fang Yuan thinking of? Is there an issue with Lang Ya Sect developing in Tai Qiu?”


 “No, not this.” Fang Yuan smiled, he freely picked out something in his mind and used it as an excuse.


 Lang Ya land spirit showed a look of disappointment, he replied: “You are the owner of Spring Autumn Cicada, you came from the future and are very knowledgeable, you have experienced many things, and know a lot about tea. But do you know? Be it tea or wine, they have both been spread far and wide due to food path.”


 “Oh? Is that so?” Fang Yuan was deeply interested.


 Or more accurately speaking, he was interested in food path.


 He was managing his immortal aperture now, the main goal was to have multiple resources that could satisfy the feeding requirements of his Immortal Gu.


 But if he had methods of food path, it would be easier for him to feed his Immortal Gu.


 Unfortunately, food path was very mysterious, there was only a short period in history when it flourished. Afterwards, it spread much less, it was rarer than wisdom path inheritances. It was on the brink of extinction.


 Regarding food path, Fang Yuan had learned some secrets during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain through Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s memories.


 The creator of food path was not a human Gu Immortal, but a beastman Gu Immortal. This was likely the reason why food path was in its current state.


 But to Fang Yuan, it did not matter who made this path, as long as it has use to him. Most human Gu Immortals had a sense of racial pride and superiority, but Fang Yuan did not.


 If being a hairy man could help him reach the goal of eternal life, he would discard his human identity immediately without hesitation and become a hairy man.


 After realizing that Lang Ya land spirit had some understanding towards food path, Fang Yuan continued to ask.


 Lang Ya land spirit revealed: “The creation of any type of tea or wine is actually an incomplete Gu recipe.”


 “If it is completed, a unique tea Gu or wine Gu would be refined. There are already many types of wine Gu or tea Gu, like the famous liquor worm and big smoke tea Gu.”


 Liquor worm was a familiar one, Fang Yuan had used it after rebirth to grow rapidly.


 Big smoke tea Gu was a type of Gu worm that could make a Gu Master addicted and become decadent. It was heavily suppressed by the people in power, it was a type of drug in this world.


 “It is a pity that food path is facing extinction before it even became widespread.”


 “Right now, when many Gu Immortals want to test their refinement path attainment, they do not need to join the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention, they can compete by making a cup of tea each, tasting and determining who is superior.”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s answer disappointed Fang Yuan slightly.


 The land spirit did not know much, the contents were mostly about refinement path.


 “Spectral Soul’s main body definitely knows a lot of food path methods. After all, he had inherited a food path true inheritance in his life. Unfortunately, he is trapped in the giant dream realm now, and is being weakened continuously. It is too hard for me to get anything from him...” This thought flashed across Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Lang Ya land spirit and Fang Yuan spoke for a while, he saw that Fang Yuan could not stop talking about tea, he got anxious and said openly: “Fang Yuan, I will speak frankly. I invited you for tea because I have a mission for you!”


 “Here it comes.” Fang Yuan thought, he looked at the land spirit: “Please speak.”


 The land spirit was straightforward, Fang Yuan had guessed his intentions long ago.


 As expected, Lang Ya land spirit said at the next moment: “You know about my plan to develop in Tai Qiu. You suggested it yourself, after all. There is also the transportation Gu formation, you placed it yourself.”


 “Because of your actions, recently, our Gu Immortals could enter Tai Qiu smoothly and modify the environment to expand our base. But now, we have a problem.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “First supreme elder is talking about the falling star hound?”


 “That’s right. This damned ancient desolate beast injured several Gu Immortals of our sect. I have already placed a mission to exterminate it, but everyone who took the mission returned in failure. I know that the only person who can beat this falling star hound is you, Fang Yuan. But why did you not take that mission?” Lang Ya land spirit asked directly.


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “I am very busy recently.”


 He had his difficulties to deal with.


 More than a month had passed since the last earthly calamity.


 The next earthly calamity was coming.


 Fang Yuan was preparing for this earthly calamity now.


 But Fang Yuan was not going to tell Lang Ya land spirit about the earthly calamity. In fact, he was keeping the sovereign immortal aperture as a secret from Lang Ya land spirit.


 As long as he did not cause harm to Lang Ya blessed land, it was not going against the alliance agreement of Lang Ya Sect.


 This secret was Fang Yuan’s trump card, he was going to keep it hidden. Of course, Shadow Sect knew all about it.


 But Fang Yuan knew that Shadow Sect’s plan was to take back sovereign immortal fetus Gu. In this case, they were not going to expose the existence of the sovereign immortal aperture — because that was just causing more problems for themselves in the future, right?


 From Lang Ya land spirit’s perspective, it was very fortunate that Fang Yuan could revive and become a living person. As for the revival method, Fang Yuan had lots of excuses and explanations. He knew many ways for immortal zombies to revive after all!


 Fang Yuan’s difficulties could not be said.


 Lang Ya land spirit nodded: “You are very busy indeed.”


 He was a land spirit, he knew everything happening inside Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit said: “You cultivate really hard, but completing the mission also helps you in your cultivation. Don’t forget about dog shit luck Immortal Gu. To feed it, you need to find six types of desolate hounds and use their faeces to feed this luck path Gu worm.”


 “In the past, when my previous self fed Dog Shit Luck, he made use of treasure yellow heaven, purchasing from there. But now, treasure yellow heaven is closed, even after it reopens, I would suggest you rear some desolate hounds in your immortal aperture. You also know the benefit of doing this.”


 “Lord’s words are truly enlightening!” Fang Yuan immediately nodded.


 Dog Shit Luck was very important to him.


 Against heaven’s will, luck path could be used.


 Fate and luck.


 Fate was predetermined, it could not be changed.


 But luck was ever-changing, it could be made of use.


 This precious information was obtained from the transactions between Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan’s exploration was known by heaven’s will, it caused a beast tide and tried to eliminate him. But at the crucial moment, Fang Yuan found an immemorial desolate corpse and used it to set up the formation.


 Thinking about it, Fang Yuan felt that this was not a coincidence, it was likely thanks to Dog Shit Luck.


 This Immortal Gu had no use towards offense or defense, but its passive help was huge.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable... self luck, all living being’s luck, heaven and earth luck... Dog Shit Luck is among the key parts of the self luck true inheritance, I am in possession of it. All living being’s luck was hidden in Imperial Court blessed land, Connect Luck, Calamity Beckoning, and Fortune Rivalling Heaven were from there. What a pity!”


 Fang Yuan had a scary guess recently.


 Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed because of him. Back then, he was influenced by Mo Yao’s fake will, but was he unaffected by heaven’s will? Did heaven’s will use him as a tool to destroy Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s all living being’s luck true inheritance?


 From heaven’s will’s perspective, it had to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits.


 Fate was the best method that heaven’s will had.


 After fate Gu was broken by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, the power of luck path burst out, creating Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Lang Ya land spirit sat up, muttering: “Elder Fang Yuan, if you can take this mission and complete it, regardless of whether you capture or kill the falling star hound, you will receive eight hundred sect contribution points!”


 “Eight hundred...” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed.


 But next, he thought about it and answered: “I’ll have to say no.”



***
Chapter 1094 - In This World, What Is Most Important Is Myself


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan flew in the sky.


 Before leaving, he looked back at the cloud city behind him.


 He showed a bitter expression, he sighed deeply before flying away.


 Last time, he accepted Lang Ya land spirit’s mission to explore Tai Qiu, the land spirit was happy and the meeting ended well. But now, Fang Yuan rejected him, he did not accept the mission to take down the falling star hound, the meeting ended poorly.


 In cloud city, Lang Ya land spirit sat gritting his teeth.


 He held in his anger, he was holding the cup, but before he drank the tea, he smashed it towards the ground.


 “Fang Yuan, this fellow!” Lang Ya land spirit clenched his fists, grinding his teeth, feeling very unhappy.


 However, he could see Fang Yuan’s expression before leaving, the anger in him subsided a little.


 “Fang Yuan, oh Fang Yuan, you might be really busy, cultivating so intensely and having your own plans. But this matter affects the development of Lang Ya Sect, you are a member of the sect. At the crucial moment, how can you not sacrifice yourself and defend the interest of the sect? You are an outsider after all! You are not a hairy man Gu Immortal!”


 Lang Ya land spirit thought of this and squinted, there was a cold glint in his eyes.


 In his position, Lang Ya land spirit could not force Fang Yuan to accept the mission if he did not want to.


 He created Lang Ya Sect, all of the members were under an alliance agreement. But there were no rules that would allow him to force members to do missions that they were unwilling to do. Of course, when Lang Ya Sect was in a life and death crisis, there were rules that would be enforced.


 But currently, Lang Ya Sect was developing Tai Qiu, it had nothing to do with fatal danger. If Fang Yuan was unwilling, there was nothing Lang Ya land spirit could do.


 Lang Ya land spirit could not sit, he stood up and paced around the room.


 His arms were behind his back, he lowered his head and pondered, he felt troubled and frustrated, his frown was growing deeper: “Fang Yuan is unwilling to do it, what can I do about the falling star hound?”


 Thinking about it hard, there were no good solutions.


 Lang Ya land spirit himself could not leave Lang Ya blessed land.


 There was another way, that was the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor.


 But Lang Ya land spirit was in control of the most crucial Immortal Gu that constituted the formation, now that Refinement Cauldron, an Immortal Gu House, was incomplete, this was one of the strongest remaining methods to protect Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not want to lend Heavenly Giant Solor over this situation, what if an unexpected mishap happened?


 Lang Ya land spirit had a clear view of the circumstances.


 “Sigh! Do I really need to do what Fang Yuan suggested? I might as well use this falling star hound as a grindstone and develop the fighting abilities of these hairy man Gu Immortals?” Lang Ya land spirit sighed.


 Fang Yuan flew in the air, his clothing fluttered in the wind.


 Raging winds brushed past his face, the sound of the wind was clear and loud.


 He was cold and impassive on the inside.


 His bitter smile and sigh earlier were just an act.


 Fang Yuan knew: Inside Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit knew almost everything, he had a huge investigative range. Otherwise, he would not be able to collect so many lifespan Gu.


 Because Lang Ya blessed land had existed since long ago, it had a deep foundation, and an uncountable number of dao marks. This allowed Lang Ya land spirit’s abilities to be very developed in this blessed land, other land spirits could not compare to him.


 “My current plan is to rely on Lang Ya Sect to cultivate. I am the chess player, and Lang Ya Sect are my chess pieces. If I accept that mission, wouldn’t I become the pawn myself, risking my life for Lang Ya Sect?”


 You’re reading on .com Thanks!


 “Hmph! Heaven’s will has its attention on Tai Qiu, it is very dangerous there. I suspect that heaven’s will has already set a trap, but because it has not found me, and because of the immemorial corpse, it is biding its time...”


 Fang Yuan was vigilant, in this situation, he was not going to go to Tai Qiu.


 He wanted to cultivate transformation path, he had to refine transformation path Immortal Gu, and kill desolate beasts to get immortal materials. But he did not need to do these himself.


 Lang Ya Sect was trying to develop in Tai Qiu, it would do all these. Fang Yuan only needed to use his sect contribution points and stay behind to cultivate.


 Not mentioning the danger and the possibility of a trap from heaven’s will. Even if there were no such thing, Fang Yuan was not going to delay his own cultivation speed!


 In this world, what is most important is myself.


 Fang Yuan had a firm attitude.


 He was mentally prepared for this unpleasant meeting already.


 “I will definitely not waste my time for Lang Ya Sect, but I need to handle my relationship with Lang Ya land spirit well.”


 “If such arguments happen often, my relationship with Lang Ya land spirit will worsen. At some point, Lang Ya land spirit might be unable to control himself, he might chase me out of the sect or even kill me.”


 “For the current period of time, I still need Lang Ya Sect’s power. At least, during this second earthly calamity, I need to borrow those water path Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan calmly analyzed his situation.


 He had once been in conflict with the previous Lang Ya land spirit and their relationship became icy cold. That was a mistake, Fang Yuan alerted himself not to make the same mistake again.


 “Sometimes, if the situation permits, I can and have to try and help out.”


 “I am purely making use of Lang Ya Sect to bring convenience for my cultivation.”


 “Only my own strength and cultivation level are dependable.”


 Heaven’s will could affect many things, but the extent of its influence was limited. Heaven’s will was not a fake will, capable of directly colliding with the thoughts in one’s mind to distort the results of their thinking.


 Heaven’s will could not compare to fake will in that regard.


 After hearing about heaven’s will from Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan learned that heaven’s will was, in essence, simply a type of will.


 Heaven’s will could, at most, make very subtle influences.


 Thus, heaven’s will used Fang Yuan as the tool to deal with Shadow Sect and Spectral Soul, it had not exposed itself, it created a huge scheme and progressed slowly, only towards the end did it bare its fangs.


 But at the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan, based on his nature as half an otherworldly demon, broke free of heaven’s will’s planning and resulted in the current outcome.


 Thus, to deal with heaven’s will, the best method was to raise one’s cultivation level and strength themselves.


 For example, when Qi Zai chased after Fang Yuan, it was because Fang Yuan was a rank six Gu Immortal, he was weaker. If Fang Yuan was rank eight, Qi Zai would not foolishly pursue him.


 Similarly, against the cloud beasts, if Fang Yuan had the strength, he could kill them easily. It was because he was weak that he had to escape and run away.


 “Thus, even if earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations are the best timing for heaven’s will to get rid of me, I must face them without any fear! Every time I pass the calamities and tribulations, I would be one step closer to breaking free from heaven’s will’s restrictions, I will grow stronger and stronger, until I can face it head on. When I become a Demon Venerable, when I am invincible in this world, what can heaven’s will do to me?”


 Fang Yuan was aware of this, he was prepared for it.


 Returning to his cloud city, he was informed that a hairy man envoy had visited him.


 Fang Yuan met with this hairy man envoy.


 He was a rank five peak stage Gu Master.


 “Lord, this is something my city lord had ordered me to bring to you.” The hairy man Gu Master said respectfully.


 Saying this, he held up a wooden box with both hands.


 Fang Yuan received it but did not open the box, he took a look at this hairy man envoy.


 With just one glance, the hairy man Gu Master felt his heart turning cold, it was as if his entire body was naked, all of his hair was shaved away, all of his secrets were exposed.


 “From today onwards, you will stay here, I will guide you in the cultivation of enslavement path.” Fang Yuan said slowly.


 “Thank you, lord immortal, for your guidance!” The hairy man Gu Master quickly knelt on the floor, his body was trembling.


 “You can go now.” Fang Yuan had no interest in this rank five peak stage Gu Master.


 After sending him away, Fang Yuan went to his room and cultivated.


 He opened the wooden box, there was an Immortal Gu inside, it was the rank six beast enslavement Immortal Gu!


 As it turned out, a few days ago, Fang Yuan felt that the relationship was close enough and the time was ripe, he made a suggestion to Twelfth Hair, wanting to borrow his beast enslavement Immortal Gu, he was willing to pay for it using sect contribution points.


 Even though Twelfth Hair agreed, he did not accept the sect contribution points. He had another request.


 Not long ago, he had taken in a bloodline descendant from the continents below. Twelfth Hair had an intimate relationship with the grandmother of this descendant, and because he had good aptitude, Twelfth Hair wanted to nurture him. Because this descendant cultivated enslavement path, Twelfth Hair wanted Fang Yuan to guide him.


 Fang Yuan had no reason to reject it.


 In fact, this was better for him.


 After all, he had been using a lot of sect contribution points recently, cutting costs was good for him.


 Inside the immortal aperture, the snow and ice had stopped increasing in area.


 This meant, the earthly calamity’s ice and snow path dao marks had fully displayed their influence, they had finished modifying the immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan controlled the immortal zombie and carefully got close to a desolate beast snow monster.


 Inside the immortal aperture, because time flowed differently, since his last slaughter, a long time had passed already. The snow monsters had relaxed, thus, Fang Yuan could find a lone snow monster roaming outside.


 Beast enslavement Immortal Gu!


 At Fang Yuan’s will, he injected green grape immortal essence into this Immortal Gu.


 The desolate beast snow monster’s body shook, it was as if it had been hit by an invisible force.


 But soon, it growled, it discovered the hidden strength path immortal zombie and attacked it.


 “Failure, huh... retreat!”


 Fang Yuan immediately left.


 Normally speaking, with his current soul foundation, it was nearly certain that he could suppress this desolate beast snow monster. But the reality was different.


 “As Shadow Sect had said, these lifeforms filled with heaven’s will cannot be controlled or enslaved by me. Keeping them is a major threat!”


 Fang Yuan sighed.


 Even though he knew this from Shadow Sect’s information, he was not going to be certain until he tested it for himself.


 “If I could enslave them, I could control the desolate beast snow monsters to resist other tribulations, or sell them in treasure yellow heaven, those are good options. But now, I can only kill them.”


 “Wait! Maybe I can use self will Gu to get rid of the heaven’s will before using beast enslavement Immortal Gu?” Fang Yuan had an idea.



***
Chapter 1095 - Ample Preparation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 An hour later.


 The desolate beast snow monster only had its head left after Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 Roar!


 Even with just its head left, the snow monster’s fierceness did not drop, it growled at Fang Yuan, spitting out icy wind.


 Snow monsters were different from ordinary desolate beasts, they were formed from snow and ice, they were like cloud beasts, blood beasts, or mud monsters.


 Fang Yuan controlled the strength path immortal zombie, he snorted as he stood in front of the snow monster’s head, his hand was placed on top of the snow monster’s head.


 At once, a thin layer of ice covered the strength path immortal zombie’s hand.


 Fang Yuan ignored it, he activated a huge amount of self will Gu.


 Self will surged like a tidal wave, flowing into the snow monster’s head.


 The snow monster’s head was full of heaven’s will.


 Fang Yuan’s self will entered and fought with heaven’s will, it was like the clash of fire and water, they were irreconcilably opposed to one another.


 There was little heaven’s will, but the self will was unceasing.


 In a while, the heaven’s will lost and was completely wiped out by the self will.


 Bam.


 At the crucial moment, the snow monster’s head exploded.


 A large amount of snow and ice scattered everywhere.


 The strength path immortal zombie Fang Yuan was controlling immediately was buried in snow.


 However, the explosion before dying had no destructive power. Soon, Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie to come out of the snow unscathed.


 But his expression was quite dark.


 “Even if I use self will and get rid of heaven’s will, the result would be that the snow monster self-detonates, it cannot be subdued?”


 “But even if I could subdue it, I spent hundreds of self will Gu to cleanse just one snow monster’s head, the cost is too high.”


 Self will Gu was only a mortal Gu, but it was rank five.


 Furthermore, the self will Gu was not refined by Fang Yuan, he had asked the hairy man Gu Immortals to refine by paying contribution points. Because of this, the cost was higher to Fang Yuan.


 And most crucially, it costed his time.


 Fang Yuan had to injure a desolate beast snow monster, forcing it to be unable to move or resist him, before he could flood it with self will and get rid of the heaven’s will.


 One desolate beast snow monster might not take long, but Fang Yuan had so many snow monsters in Mini Northern Plains.


 With a greater number, the time needed would increase, his second earthly calamity was coming, Fang Yuan could not do this.


 “Actually, even if I enslave the desolate beast snow monsters and sell them, it is dangerous.”


 “Back then, one of the first split souls of Shadow Sect, the Gu Immortal named Green, had researched the life-and-death immortal aperture in Earth Trench’s super Gu formation. A huge explosion occurred during his research, countless immortal materials were infested with heaven’s will, Green avoided them like the plague. Because of that, he threw these immortal materials away. This firm attitude of his shows a huge problem.”


 “If I truly sell these snow monsters filled with heaven’s will, there might be horrible series of consequences.”


 After his attempt failed, Fang Yuan could only continue his previous plan to kill these snow monsters.


 He had to kill these snow monsters completely before the second earthly calamity. He even had to cleanse all of the heaven’s will here, not a trace could be left.


 Ordinary snow monsters were cannon fodder, Fang Yuan could easily kill them, it was not a problem.


 But desolate beast snow monsters were harder to deal with, he had to spend some time. As for ancient snow monsters, they were even more troublesome.


 Fang Yuan started to miss flying sword Immortal Gu.


 With flying sword Immortal Gu as the core, the immortal killer move sword marks targeting death was extremely effectively in dealing with ancient snow monsters. Triple layered sword wave was an attack with wide range, it was too wasteful to use against a single ancient snow monster.


 And using triple layered sword wave had a huge cost.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan regained his strength path Immortal Gu, he could use the killer move myriad self once again.


 Strength path had few requirements for primeval essence and immortal essence, myriad self first style, giant hand required much less immortal essence to activate than triple layered sword wave.


 In the following period of time, Fang Yuan used his strength path giant hands to eliminate these ancient snow monsters and desolate beast snow monsters.


 He first used beast enslavement Immortal Gu to try and enslave a snow monster.


 After failing, the snow monster would be angered and fall into a frenzied state, pursing Fang Yuan endlessly.


 Fang Yuan immediately retreated, luring this snow monster away, before using strength path giant hands to kill them.


 This way, the other snow monsters would not be alerted.


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan attacked, the snow monsters would gather into groups, but now was different, the efficiency was higher.


 After enslavement path methods failed, the target would feel great hatred towards the Gu Master. Fang Yuan made full use of this.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had tried other methods, but mortal enslavement path methods were too weak, and some wisdom path methods were useless due to heaven’s will.


 Thus, the beast enslavement Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan borrowed was not useless after all.


 Days passed, less than thirty percent of the snow monsters were left. But there was less than ten days until the second earthly calamity.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie, coming to Mini Southern Border in the immortal aperture.


 At a particular location, Fang Yuan’s original immortal zombie body was placed.


 “Even though I have my original immortal zombie body, I can only look at it, I cannot use it.” Fang Yuan sighed, mobilizing self will Gu as he placed his formation.


 After some time, a Gu formation using hundreds of self will Gu as the core was created.


 This Gu formation was mainly for sealing.


 Fang Yuan obtained the method of setting up this formation from Shadow Sect.


 Using a large number of self will Gu to seal heaven’s will.


 The super Gu formations that Shadow Sect had in all five regions used this method.


 After inspecting it, and confirming there were no problems, Fang Yuan let out a sigh.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body was at the center of the Gu formation, the Gu formation had completely sealed the Spring Autumn Cicada inside.


 Spring Autumn Cicada had originally been sealed by one of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, Wei Ling Yang. Ying Wu Xie was unable to activate Spring Autumn Cicada and start again. Thus, he was trapped in Central Continent and could only trade with Fang Yuan.


 During the transactions, Ying Wu Xie returned Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body as well as Spring Autumn Cicada.


 After obtaining it, Fang Yuan realized that Spring Autumn Cicada was still sealed, it could not even consume the water of the River of Time. It was weakening, on the verge of dying.


 Fang Yuan had tried many methods but this seal was very powerful, he could not even obtain any information about it. Without other options, he could only give up on this.


 Not long ago, the method of the rank eight restriction path Gu Immortal, Wei Ling Yang, seemed to have worn out. Spring Autumn Cicada’s seal was lifted, Fang Yuan knew that heaven’s will was hidden inside it, only refinement path methods could remove it.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to place this immortal zombie body outside. Storing it inside his own immortal aperture was safest.


 But Fang Yuan was afraid that during the second earthly calamity, the heaven’s will inside Spring Autumn Cicada would coordinate with the calamity. Thus, he set up this Gu formation, sealing heaven’s will and preventing this threat from occurring.


 Three more days passed, the snow monsters were completely eliminated from Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 Next, he used self will to cleanse all of the heaven’s will.


 For this, Fang Yuan paid a huge price. Even though giant hand had a low cost, using it so many times meant his consumption was still very high.


 Right now, Fang Yuan did not have much immortal essence or immortal essence stones.


 Because treasure yellow heaven closed, even though Fang Yuan had a lot of resources, he could not sell them. His Lang Ya Sect contribution points were also dwindling.


 Even though Fang Yuan could earn more from teaching the hairy man Gu Immortals combat techniques, Lang Ya land spirit was making his own plans, he reduced the rewards of these missions while raising the reward of the falling star hound mission.


 “Treasure yellow heaven... treasure yellow heaven... when are you going to open?”


 Fang Yuan waited for the opening of treasure yellow heaven as he prepared for his second tribulation.


 There were five days until his second earthly calamity, Fang Yuan cleansed all of the heaven’s will inside, before going to Dang Hun Mountain.


 Using myriad self and other methods, he completely altered the appearance of Dang Hun Mountain.


 Next, using pulling mountain Immortal Gu, he moved Dang Hun Mountain into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan did not have Landscape as Before, he did not dare to do this, but now his worry was lessened greatly.


 Such a commotion caused Lang Ya land spirit to show up.


 He asked nervously: “Elder Fang Yuan, what are you doing?”


 He was worried, because Dang Hun Mountain belonged to Fang Yuan, it was not like Luo Po Valley. If Fang Yuan wanted to bring it away, he could not stop him.


 Fang Yuan had a glib tongue, he gave an excuse of his that was prepared long ago, saying he was going to leave Lang Ya blessed land for some time.


 Lang Ya land spirit believed what he said, he wanted Fang Yuan to exterminate the falling star hound, but instead, he was going to leave with Dang Hun Mountain.


 Lang Ya land spirit was very worried.


 Fang Yuan used this chance to exchange all of his sect contribution points, he even used wisdom Gu as collateral to borrow a lot of Immortal Gu from Lang Ya land spirit, and large amounts of immortal essence stones.


 He finally replenished his green grape immortal essence!


 Regretfully, up until Fang Yuan left Lang Ya blessed land, treasure yellow heaven did not open.


 Fang Yuan sighed, choosing to move a portion of the resources in his immortal aperture to Lang Ya blessed land for safekeeping.


 “So much resources? It seems that you are very skilled in managing an immortal aperture.” Lang Ya land spirit was a bit surprised at the amount of resources Fang Yuan had.


 But in fact, this was only a small portion, it was not even thirty percent.


 Fang Yuan was not going to move out all of his resources, Lang Ya land spirit was not a fool, he would be suspicious of Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 With half a day until the earthly calamity descended, Fang Yuan used the transportation Gu formation to go to the northern icy plain.


 Even though the northern icy plain was created by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, and had lots of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, heaven’s will still existed here.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not come here far in advance.


 The icy plain was huge, Fang Yuan casually chose a direction and picked a spot to place his immortal aperture.


 What would the second earthly calamity be?


 No matter what it was, the second earthly calamity’s might would surely be greater than the first.


 Fang Yuan waited for it vigilantly!



***
Chapter 1096 - Wind Flowers, Snow Moon


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan wore a white robe, his black hair was flowing with the wind, he slowly descended into Mini Northern Plains within the sovereign immortal aperture.


 He was planning to undergo tribulation in this place again.


 The other areas had resources placed in them. Mini Northern Plains only had this icy area, and most importantly, the snow monsters filled with heaven’s will were all eliminated already.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had a huge space, but the calamities and tribulations only targeted Fang Yuan.


 Therefore, the tribulation would occur where he was located.


 The immortal aperture had already been placed, it was in Northern Plains. The tributary of the River of Time in the immortal aperture linked to the River of Time outside, and the rate of time inside greatly slowed down.


 First, he inspected his arrangements.


 There were large numbers of Gu worms placed in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Most of them were Gu worms related to the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


 Other than that, there was Dang Hun Mountain right beside Fang Yuan.


 Right now, Dang Hun Mountain looked completely different from before. Fang Yuan did this to prevent others from using Fixed Immortal Travel to enter while he was undergoing tribulation. He got rid of this possibility before it could be used.


 During the first tribulation, Fang Yuan did not have pulling mountain Immortal Gu or Landscape as Before, he could not bring Dang Hun Mountain him.


 But now, it was different.


 With Pulling Mountain, Fang Yuan could singlehandedly drag Dang Hun Mountain into his immortal aperture. If he had to request for help from other hairy man Gu Immortals, not only would he need to waste his sect contribution points, he would also need to let the hairy man Gu Immortals into his sovereign immortal aperture, exposing his huge secret.


 With Landscape as Before, he was not afraid that Dang Hun Mountain would be destroyed in the calamity. After all, the more severely Dang Hun Mountain was damaged, the fewer the guts Gu produced.


 After some inspections, Fang Yuan confirmed that his arrangements had no problems. Immediately, at his will, the entrance of the sovereign immortal aperture opened.


 Huff huff huff...


 A huge amount of heaven and earth qi entered the sovereign immortal aperture through the entrance.


 At once, there was a huge commotion, as if tidal waves were crashing in.


 “This time, I brought in Dang Hun Mountain, increasing the burden on the sovereign immortal aperture, thus, there is more heaven and earth qi than last time.”


 Heaven and earth qi rushed in fiercely, Fang Yuan also activated the Gu worms outside of his immortal aperture at the same time.


 He had already done this set up once before, Fang Yuan was quite familiar with it.


 While undergoing tribulation, Fang Yuan naturally used immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


 First, the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture could, indirectly, weaken the earthly calamity’s power.


 Second, it could draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning, helping Fang Yuan with his transformation path cultivation.


 Unlike the first tribulation, this time, many of the mortal Gu used for forming immortal tribulation tempering aperture belonged to Fang Yuan. He even modified immortal tribulation tempering aperture himself, making some slight tweaks.


 The modified immortal tribulation tempering aperture was one of the preparations Fang Yuan made for this tribulation.


 Even though his refinement path attainment level was not high, he had grandmaster wisdom path attainment level. His modifications were just icing on the cake, they were not crucial aspects. But as long as he continued his research, Fang Yuan was sure that he would make this killer move as suitable for himself as possible.


 After all, Fang Yuan could not always rely on Lang Ya Sect. Each time he underwent tribulation, he needed to borrow so many Gu worms from Lang Ya land spirit, there was a huge cost in it. Fang Yuan modified immortal tribulation tempering aperture so as to break free from Lang Ya land spirit’s control in this aspect.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan completed his arrangements and began to use his immortal essence, activating his Gu worms.


 Green light shone, filling the entire immortal aperture, while connecting to the outside world. Gradually, a green hue appeared outside the immortal aperture, covering a huge surrounding area.


 Tens of thousands of green grape immortal essence beads were used, allowing Fang Yuan to activate the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


 The second earthly calamity descended.


 The world rumbled, winds blew as clouds shifted.


 At first, there was only a mild wind, but soon, the intensity of the wind rose greatly!


 In the blink of an eye, a huge wind blew, it had the force to sweep the world and blow away all life.


 “What tribulation is this?” Fang Yuan stood on the peak of Dang Hun Mountain, awaiting vigilantly.


 Even though he had not recognized the earthly calamity yet, he could see that this earthly calamity was like last time, it was far beyond reason in terms of power.


 Intense winds blew, blowing the snow and ice on the ground up, causing the area to become obscured.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had few light path dao marks to begin with, it was dim. With the raging winds and snow, Fang Yuan’s vision became very limited.


 Ding ding ding... ding ding ding...


 “What sound is that?” Fang Yuan had already activated his methods to investigative, but he suddenly heard the sound of chimes from within the snow and wind.


 This strange scene made Fang Yuan frown slightly.


 “Don’t tell me, this is...” A thought flashed in his mind.


 At this moment, the sound of chimes became louder, a huge green flower flew out of the wind, crashing into Dang Hun Mountain.


 This green flower was extremely fast.


 It was simply faster than lightning, after crashing into Dang Hun Mountain, a huge mark was left on Dang Hun Mountain. The mountain rocks along the way were all smashed into bits, before being blown away by the wind.


 Ding ding ding! Ding ding ding!!


 Wind chimes rang again, at the next moment, eighteen green flowers flew out and crashed into Dang Hun Mountain, they turned into dust, but eighteen blemishes were made on Dang Hun Mountain.


 “These are wind flowers!” Fang Yuan’s eyes were shining brightly, he confirmed this in his mind.


 Wind flowers were a type of wind essence. They were only produced in extremely intense winds.


 They had no roots and floated in the wind. They were large like horse carriages, they were light green in color and were extremely sharp.


 Ding ding ding!


 Fang Yuan had just recognized these flowers, when the next wave of wind flowers came again.


 The flowers were in greater numbers now, there were forty to fifty of them. They were attacking from all directions, crashing into Dang Hun Mountain consecutively.


 Dang Hun Mountain’s surface was impacted, dust and smoke rose, fragments of rocks were scattered by the wind and vanished.


 Fang Yuan quickly retreated, moving away from the mountain peak.


 He gritted his teeth, feeling slightly troubled.


 “Last time, heaven’s will created a large number of snow monsters, but I could fly and had the initiative.”


 “This time, heaven’s will learned its lesson, it changed its tactics and used the wind flower tribulation on me.”


 This was Fang Yuan’s weakness!


 Fang Yuan’s speed was lower than the wind flowers, and his defensive methods were only at mortal level.


 “Thankfully, I moved Dang Hun Mountain here this time, otherwise, I’d have no place to guard myself, it would be terrible!” Fang Yuan felt extremely glad.


 Landscape as Before!


 He used his time path Immortal Gu, the blemishes on Dang Hun Mountain vanished, it returned to normal.


 But soon, at the next second, a barrage of wind flowers attacked again, smashing layers of the mountain’s surface into pieces.


 “This cannot go on!”


 “Activating immortal tribulation tempering aperture already used more than half of my immortal essence.”


 “Even though I am safe currently, I am expending a lot of green grape immortal essence. Restoring Dang Hun Mountain is merely prolonging the inevitable.”


 Fang Yuan squinted, thoughts were churning rapidly in his mind.


 He had rich battle experience, he quickly thought of a counter-measure.


 Strength path killer move — Myriad Self!


 Transformation path killer move — Familiar Face!


 Immortal Gu Dark Limit!


 His body shook, he utilized his methods, as countless Fang Yuan occupied the whole of Dang Hun Mountain.


 One of them roared at the sky as all of the Fang Yuan phantoms rushed towards the winds outside of the mountain.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan’s actual body used familiar face and myriad self to conceal himself, he turned into a rock on Dang Hun Mountain.


 With change form Immortal Gu, familiar face was closer to the original version, it was easy to use, having instantaneous transformations. It was unlike before, when Fang Yuan used a large number of mortal Gu to replace the effect of change form Immortal Gu, causing familiar face to need a very long time to activate.


 After turning into a common rock, Fang Yuan did not rest, he used dark limit Immortal Gu, concealing his aura.


 Ding ding ding...


 A large number of wind flowers attacked the tens of thousands of Fang Yuan phantoms.


 The calamity’s firepower became less concentrated, Dang Hun Mountain sustained less pressure than before.


 In a moment, Fang Yuan’s myriad self phantoms were all exterminated by the wind flowers.


 Fang Yuan used myriad self again, summoning countless phantoms that charged out carrying his aura.


 The wind flowers scattered and danced in the wind, many phantoms were instantly destroyed.


 After some repetitions, heaven’s will sensed Fang Yuan’s tactic, as the wind flowers stopped paying attention to the Fang Yuan phantoms, they targeted their attacks at Dang Hun Mountain.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, feeling the ill intent of heaven’s will.


 “Dang Hun Mountain is my greatest sources of revenue, heaven’s will wants to destroy it and ruin my future prospects!”


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had Landscape as Before.


 He had Landscape as Before to restore Dang Hun Mountain, but it could only let Fang Yuan maintain the situation, he would still be in a passive state.


 Green grape immortal essence was rapidly expended.


 Triple layered sword wave!


 Strength path giant hand!


 Fang Yuan tried to counter attack, but the wind flowers were too fast, the two killer moves were ineffective. Especially strength path giant hand, even though it was powerful, it was too slow, it could not catch any wind flowers at all, unless the wind flowers came at it.


 Poison breath!


 Fang Yuan breathed out dark purple poisonous gas that scattered with the wind.


 Large numbers of wind flowers wilted upon coming into contact with the poison.


 Fang Yuan showed great joy on his face.


 Poison breath was modified from the wisdom path killer move, harboring malicious heart. It used Woman’s Heart as the core, it had many flaws and was of comparatively low value.


 Fang Yuan rarely used it.


 To think that it was so effective now!


 Under the effect of poison breath, the wind flowers’ offensive power lowered immensely.


 The winds were starting to slow down.


 A cold light shone on the entirety of Dang Hun Mountain.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and saw that in the sky, there was a crescent moon that appeared out of nowhere.


 Fang Yuan squinted, he muttered under his breath: “Snow moon!”


 This crescent moon was pure white as snow, it shone down with a pale light, causing Dang Hun Mountain’s temperature to fall.


 Soon, layers of frost began to cover the surface of Dang Hun Mountain.


 Fang Yuan felt like there was a weight on his heart, he thought: “So this is not a wind flower tribulation, but a wind flower snow moon tribulation! The former is an earthly calamity, but the latter is a heavenly tribulation. This second earthly calamity is simply too absurdly strong!”



***
Chapter 1097 - Undergoing Tribulation with Difficulty


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wind flower tribulation, snow moon tribulation, when alone, they were two different earthly calamities.


 When the wind flowers and snow moon were together, they formed a heavenly tribulation. The power was much higher, and the difficulty of passing the tribulation increases. The wind flowers were fast and hard to avoid, they were sharp and not easy to defend against. The snow moon gave off cold light that froze Gu Immortals, making them slower, the two were a perfect pair.


 Fang Yuan was feeling heavy pressure.


 Actually, with his current strength, especially after the transaction with Shadow Sect, strength path and sword path became his main source of offense. Be it strength path giant hand or triple layered sword wave, they could allow him to unleash rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength. It was possible to pass a heavenly tribulation.


 What created Fang Yuan’s heavy mood was not the heavenly tribulation now, but his future progression.


 When Gu Immortals undergo tribulations, they get stronger and stronger. Fang Yuan’s second earthly calamity was in theory stronger than the first.


 But the second earthly calamity was already at heavenly tribulation level. Such an increase was simply too much.


 Theoretically, if this went on, how strong would his third and fourth earthly calamities be?


 A rank six Gu Immortal faces an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every one hundred years. After three hundred years, after three heavenly tribulations, they would become rank seven.


 That means, they would have twenty-seven earthly calamities and three heavenly tribulations.


 And for Fang Yuan, after this second earthly calamity, he still had twenty-five earthly calamities and three heavenly tribulations.


 If his second earthly calamity was already at the level of a heavenly tribulation, what future would he have? If he projected this into the future, his earthly calamities would reach the level of grand tribulations!


 The light of the snow moon made Fang Yuan’s face look pale.


 Even the thoughts in his mind were moving at a slower rate as a result.


 The snow moon gave off a cold light that not only slowed the Gu Immortal’s movement, but also their thoughts.


 Fang Yuan quickly used wisdom path methods to protect his mind.


 He was a wisdom path grandmaster, he could achieve this easily.


 “This should not be. During Shadow Sect’s transaction, Sixth Hair told me — even though earthly calamities get stronger each time, there is a limit to their power. As long as this is an earthly calamity, it will be within the range of an earthly calamity. Was he lying to me? He gave me false information?” Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


 It was not impossible that they lied to him.


 But to Fang Yuan, thinking from the other side’s perspective, they had nothing to gain from doing so.


 Because this was something that could be easily found out. And Shadow Sect wanted to capture Fang Yuan to reverse refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, wouldn’t it be a problem if they lied to him and caused him to die in this calamity?


 “Or can I say, there is another possibility...” Brightness flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, before turning dim.


 The winds were howling outside.


 Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the sky, his pupils were dark like the night sky.


 Standing on a mountain rock, his white robe and black hair fluttered in the wind, he was like a lone wolf.


 Triple layered sword wave!


 Strength path giant hand!


 Suddenly, he burst out with a strong attack.


 Sword waves appeared out of nowhere, rushing up towards the sky, defying gravity. Strength path giant hands tore through space, pushing apart the wind with immense force.


 The two charged towards the snow moon in the sky.


 Ding ding ding... ding ding ding...


 Countless green wind flowers gathered towards the sword waves and giant hands like bees that were attracted to nectar.


 The sharp wind flowers clashed with the sword waves and giant hands.


 Soon, these two forces were eliminated.


 But there was a strange sight.


 Earlier, the wind flowers only targeted Dang Hun Mountain. They wanted to destroy this famous secluded domain of heaven and earth. They ignored Fang Yuan’s sword waves and giant hands, even avoiding them on purpose.


 But now, these wind flowers went to attack them.


 It was because Fang Yuan’s attack was aimed at the snow moon in the sky.


 It seemed like these wind flowers were trying to protect the snow moon.


 The snow moon’s existence was indeed placing much pressure on Fang Yuan. It was not wrong that the wind flowers were protecting it.


 But excitement flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Myriad Self!


 Myriad Self!


 Myriad Self!


 A group of phantoms roared, large number of Fang Yuan phantoms rushed up like a tidal wave.


 Fang Yuan used it three times, in an instant, Dang Hun Mountain which was originally empty, became extremely crowded.


 Countless Fang Yuan flew into the wind by jumping down the mountain.


 But unlike last time, Fang Yuan’s true body also turned into a strength path phantom, rushing out of Dang Hun Mountain.


 Large numbers of wind flowers came at him.


 But there were too many strength path phantoms, and too few wind flowers.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms could not resist the wind flowers, they were rapidly sacrificed.


 But using them to conceal himself, with familiar face and Dark Limit helping him, Fang Yuan successfully got into the sky.


 “It is time.”


 Sword Escape!


 Fang Yuan found the perfect time to use sword escape Immortal Gu. He was like a dragon out of the water, he rushed into the sky and soared above the clouds, it was an astonishing sight.


 He was close.


 Fang Yuan used triple layered sword wave and strength path giant hand again.


 Heaven’s will was caught off guard, the wind flowers were still eliminating the Fang Yuan phantoms.


 Fang Yuan successfully destroyed the snow moon in the sky.


 At the next moment, large amounts of Reckless Savage’s true meaning filled him.


 Fang Yuan was like a withering plant receiving water, he absorbed all of the true meaning.


 All of a sudden, he felt like he had transformed into a moon, he was hanging in the sky, quietly emitting moonlight as he looked down on the living beings of the world.


 His transformation path attainment level rose rapidly!


 Transformation path, it did not just include animals and plants, it also encompassed mountains, water, wind, moons, all of these natural phenomena.


 This true meaning of Reckless Savage gave Fang Yuan great gains.


 He laughed loudly, one could feel his joy from his laughter alone.


 As it turned out, the ‘wind flower snow moon tribulation’ was just pieced together, it was not a true heavenly tribulation.


 The second earthly calamity was within the scope of an earthly calamity. No matter how angry heaven’s will was and how much it wanted to eliminate Fang Yuan, there was no use. It was heaven’s will, it had to obey the law of balance of the way of heaven.


 Winds roared, heaven’s will raged, as if it was embarrassed from having its plan exposed openly.


 Countless wind flowers assaulted Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan used myriad self again, large numbers of Fang Yuan phantoms diverted heaven’s will’s offense.


 The wind flowers killed Fang Yuan phantoms, it was a true slaughter.


 But there was little effect, Fang Yuan’s true body was hidden among the phantoms, eventually landing on Dang Hun Mountain again.


 With Dang Hun Mountain, he had a place to defend himself, Fang Yuan could catch a breather.


 Deactivating familiar face, Fang Yuan’s body shook.


 There was a huge wound on his back, blood was dripping, his bones could be seen.


 But because of change form Immortal Gu, his wound was concealed, he managed to deceive heaven’s will.


 “My defense is too weak.” Fang Yuan sighed, starting to heal himself.


 He did not use Man as Before.


 Man as Before was an Immortal Gu that used immortal essence. And it could only return him to his state a moment ago.


 Fang Yuan was hurt by a wind flower in the sky when he was flying.


 At that time, he could not use Man as Before. If the Immortal Gu aura was leaked, he would be exposing himself.


 “Thankfully, my dao marks do not conflict, even mortal methods work well on me!” Fang Yuan felt his immense advantage in this aspect.


 Normally speaking, Gu Immortals were hard to heal. Because they had dao marks, they would interfere and reduce the effectiveness of mortal healing methods. When using healing immortal killer moves, one also had to consider if the dao marks conflicted.


 Fang Yuan had no such problems, he could use mortal methods, this allowed him to conserve immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan did not prepare as much immortal essence as last time.


 The main reason was the closing of treasure yellow heaven.


 Cold light assaulted him, frost formed on Fang Yuan’s forehead. It spread and he was soon covered in a layer of frost.


 Not just him, the entirety of Dang Hun Mountain was the same.


 Fang Yuan looked up and his pupils shrunk, he mentally cried out in dismay.


 There were three more snow moons that appeared in the sky!


 With three times the cold light accumulated, the effect was multiplied. Fang Yuan’s wisdom path method defending his mind stopped working, he could only use other ways to counter it.


 He also had to defend his body, multiple defensive mortal killer moves were used, his body flickered with light, his body temperature was maintained at a normal level.


 The number of snow moons and their rate of production exceeded Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 This ruined his plan of sitting back on Dang Hun Mountain.


 Fang Yuan’s heart beat quickly, when he saw the three snow moons, he realized: This was a crucial moment of life and death!


 The longer he dragged on, the more snow moons would appear, and the less hope he had of passing the tribulation.


 He had to counter-attack, he could not slack on it, otherwise, when the opportunity fades, a slight delay would cause him to get into deep despair, there would be no way for him to survive!


 A different Gu Immortal might hesitate, but Fang Yuan had rich battle experience, after realizing his situation, he used myriad self once again without hesitation!


 Doing the same thing again, large numbers of Fang Yuan phantoms lured the wind flowers away.


 Fang Yuan’s body was mixed in with them, charging into the sky relentlessly.


 After flying towards the sky, the cold light’s power rose, it was no longer restricted by Dang Hun Mountain’s soul path dao marks.


 This was an intense battle!


 Fang Yuan needed to destroy the three snow moons, but the cold light from them gave him much greater pressure than the wind flowers. And worst of all, a fourth snow moon was already forming in the sky.


 Heaven’s will was going through all kinds of ways to stop Fang Yuan, while he had the best opportunity to attack, large numbers of wind flowers attempted to kill Fang Yuan.


 One moon, two moons, three crescent moons, Fang Yuan destroyed them after a difficult process.


 And more snow moons were still forming.


 The cold light made Fang Yuan feel a deep chill in his mind, the cruel reality was making his limbs go numb.


 His chances of surviving dwindling, but Fang Yuan’s expression became more firm, he charged up against the difficulty without any dejection.


 His immortal essence was rapidly decreasing, every time he used an immortal killer move, he had to be careful about the expenditure and calculate it accurately.



***
Chapter 1098 - Success In Danger


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ding ding ding!


 A wind flower hit Fang Yuan’s back.


 Fang Yuan’s defenses were like paper, torn to shreds immediately.


 His robe on his back was cut apart, blood spewed as his flesh was dug out.


 “I’m getting unlucky!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 There were dozens of strength path phantoms around him, but there was only one wind flower attacking them. To think that he was the one who got hit.


 As time passed, Dog Shit Luck’s protection would get weaker, the chances of him being found out by heaven’s will increased.


 And worse, there was also dark limit Immortal Gu to take into account.


 Dark limit Immortal Gu was activated, protecting Fang Yuan and concealing his aura, but it was weakening too.


 Once this protection vanishes, it would be more severe than losing Dog Shit Luck’s protection.


 Time passed, seconds passed like years to Fang Yuan, he was holding on desperately.


 He had already endured countless attacks from the snow moons and wind flowers.


 Dog Shit Luck and Dark Limit’s protection weakened progressively, but familiar face, formed using attitude Gu and change form Gu, was a reliable method that Fang Yuan was holding on to. There was also myriad self, at this moment, its attack power was useless, he could only use it as a distraction.


 Heaven’s will was not stupid, it could think.


 After understanding Fang Yuan’s tactic, after he used myriad self each time, it could find him in a shorter time than the previous attempt.


 Fang Yuan’s injuries were getting more severe, he had no choice but to use Man as Before.


 But this way, his immortal essence expenditure rapidly increased. He did not have much to begin with, now, it was depleting.


 Heaven’s will had the high ground controlling the earthly calamity, it was not going to lose out in this situation.


 While Fang Yuan was like an ant, desperately struggling to survive in this dangerous situation.


 The number of snow moons continued to increase, Fang Yuan was slowly unable to keep up.


 The situation was dire, Fang Yuan saw almost no hope.


 But he did not give up, he continued to grit his teeth and persevere.


 The winds were wild, seemingly mocking him for overestimating himself.


 The snow moons hung in the sky, the cold light seemed to be looking down at Fang Yuan, seeing this ant struggle desperately in futility.


 Fang Yuan was bathed in blood, his white robe had turned into a blood-red color, his blood and sweat had frozen because of the cold light.


 He was in a pathetic state, some of his black hair that fluttered with the wind had snapped, the length was now uneven, he looked like a combination of a beggar and a lunatic.


 His face was icy cold, he did not laugh nor shout.


 He was like a firm piece of ice, even if heaven and earth were burying him, he did not say a word, he endured silently in this desperate situation.


 The wind slowly became weaker.


 The power of the wind flower tribulation was fading.


 This was its limit.


 An earthly calamity’s power had limits. Even if heaven’s will amplified it to the greatest extent and personally manipulated it.


 Fang Yuan was not killed by the wind flowers, soon, the number of wind flowers decreased, there was no longer any wind.


 Fang Yuan smiled, he activated his immortal essence, targeting the snow moons!


 Even though the wind flowers were gone, and the snow moons had stopped forming, there were still some wind flowers left behind, and many snow moons in the sky.


 A tough battle!


 Fang Yuan had no strength to grit his teeth, he felt extremely weak.


 Myriad self.


 Strength path giant hand.


 Triple layered sword wave.


 Familiar face.


 He was not in a good condition, some of his immortal killer moves failed upon activation. Each time he failed, he faced a backlash and spat out blood from his mouth.


 The earthly calamity was at its limits, so was Fang Yuan.


 There was no reason to run now. Not only could the wind flowers stop him, the snow moons could fly slowly, the range of the cold light was too large.


 The earthly calamity was not over yet, heaven and earth qi was not balanced yet, it was impossible to retrieve his immortal aperture.


 Undeniably, heaven’s will had planned this for some time, creating the most suitable tribulation to kill Fang Yuan. In the last earthly calamity, Reckless Savage true meaning was a part of the earthly calamity’s strength. But this time, even though heaven’s will could not stop it, it influenced Reckless Savage true meaning and turned it into the snow moon tribulation, increasing the difficulty of the entire earthly calamity!


 In this current situation, it depended on who could outlast the other.


 An hour later, Fang Yuan collapsed on Dang Hun Mountain.


 His immortal essence was depleted.


 He could no longer sustain familiar face, his mental energy was drained.


 Fang Yuan exerted his effort and strength, destroying a large number of snow moons, but there was still one final moon in the sky!


 Using Dang Hun Mountain’s protection, Fang Yuan resisted the force of the cold light.


 He was covered in injuries, frost had formed on the surface of many of his injuries.


 Fang Yuan had no strength left, snow and frost accumulated on his body, turning him into a piece of ice.


 The final trace of wind was blowing on top of the ice, carrying heaven’s will, wanting to take Fang Yuan’s life away.


 He had no immortal essence left to use even one immortal killer move, but Fang Yuan showed the faint smile of a victor on his face.


 “I finally survived this calamity.”


 At the next moment, a desolate beast spinefin star dragonfish appeared, it swung its tail and destroyed the final snow moon!


 Beast enslavement Immortal Gu!


 A few minutes later, heaven and earth qi settled down, Fang Yuan quickly used his methods to leave Northern Plains.


 After he left, a while later, two figures emerged from below the ice.


 “It’s here.” One of the figures inspected the place, saying this after it confirmed the surroundings.


 The other figure sniffed around with its nose, confirming as well: “We did not sense wrongly, someone was undergoing tribulation here earlier, there is still some heaven and earth qi remaining, it has not completely dissipated yet.”


 The two figures were indistinct, they were purposely concealing their figures.


 However, to be able to know about tribulations and to inspect them so clearly, they were surely Gu Immortals.


 “Sigh! The northern icy plain was created by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable in the past singlehandedly. This is an icy plain without any land. The heaven and earth qi here is less abundant than in other places. If many Gu Immortals undergo tribulation here, more heaven and earth qi would be consumed. At some point, the glaciers will shatter, the entire place would become unstable.” One of the two mysterious Gu Immortals sighed as they spoke with much worry.


 “The northern icy plain is the final paradise left for us snowmen. We live under the icy plain and do not conflict with the rest of the world. To think that the humans are not satisfied, they even want to take away this final sanctuary of ours!” The other mysterious figure was younger and said with much anger.


 It turned out that these two Gu Immortals were not simple, they were snowman Gu Immortals of the variant humans.


 The young snowman Gu Immortal continued: “First supreme elder is too behind the times! In my opinion, we should have gotten rid of that Chu Du. Look, not only is Chu Du coming to undergo tribulations, others are coming too. Soon, more and more Gu Immortals will come and destroy our sanctuary.”


 The older snowman Gu Immortal sighed: “Sigh! I understand why first supreme elder agreed. They are worried that a battle with Chu Du would expose our location to the world. Right now, humans are the overlords of the world, their status is firm as a mountain, unshakable. If we are exposed, all the Gu Immortals in Northern Plains would come after us.”


 “Do we let this continue? Let more and more Gu Immortals undergo tribulations on top of us? With our strength, if we fight in this icy plain, as long as we plan well, it is not hard to kill some human Gu Immortals. Of course, I admit that Chu Du is very strong. We can play it safe and avoid him, but other Gu Immortals are not hard to kill. If they all die, who will know we are the culprits? Heh! Humans are a chaotic bunch internally, the righteous path and demonic path have never stopped their conflicts.” The young Gu Immortal said.


 “Sigh, you make sense too. Let’s report this matter to the tribe and see what the other supreme elders have to say.”


 The two snowman Gu Immortals discussed as their vague figures vanished.


 Even though Fang Yuan was covered in wounds, he moved unceasingly, rushing back to Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Heaven’s will wants to exterminate me, the best chance is during my tribulations. Not only can it increase the might of the calamities and tribulations to their limits, it can manipulate them personally. And worse, it can influence other people and create a human tribulation to kill me!”


 Fang Yuan remembered this detail clearly.


 This was precious information that he had obtained from transactions with Sixth Hair.


 In the battle of Yi Tian Mountain months ago, he was also part of the crucial human tribulation that heaven’s will used to deal with Spectral Soul.


 Because he had experienced it personally, Fang Yuan was very much on alert regarding these ‘human tribulations’.


 Look at who Spectral Soul was, and he had Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance to assist him for a hundred thousand years, he still lost to heaven’s will in the end.


 Compared to them, what was Fang Yuan?


 Thus, Fang Yuan disregarded his severe injuries, he immediately left. He was fast, not giving heaven’s will any time to plan.


 There were no unexpected mishaps along the way, Fang Yuan successfully returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 After he got to Lang Ya blessed land, he let out a sigh, knowing that he was safe for now.


 Next, Fang Yuan hid inside his cloud city and healed his injuries, while returning all the Immortal Gu he borrowed.


 A few days later, Fang Yuan’s injuries healed, he was in prime condition again, he started restoring Dang Hun Mountain which was in his immortal aperture.


 Speaking of which, this mountain was a huge help when he was undergoing tribulation.


 Dang Hun Mountain was in a terrible condition, it was a huge mountain earlier, but after getting attacked by countless wind flowers, there was only a tiny mound left.


 Landscape as Before!


 Using this Immortal Gu, Dang Hun Mountain regained its former size.


 Only when Dang Hun Mountain was in this state could it produce guts Gu at the highest efficiency.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to be careless, he quickly took out Dang Hun Mountain and handed it over to Lang Ya blessed land.


 However, even though he could mass produce guts Gu, the place to sell them, treasure yellow heaven, was still closed. Right now, Lang Ya Sect’s inventory had a huge amount of guts Gu that could not be sold. Fang Yuan was anxious.


 “Two months later, the third earthly calamity will arrive. It will be stronger than now. If I do not obtain a breakthrough in any aspect during this period of time and gain more strength, I will likely die.”


 “But gaining strength does not come out of nowhere, I need all sorts of cultivation resources. Treasure yellow heaven... when is it going to open?”



***
Chapter 1099 - Transformation Path Grandmaster!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Eastern Sea.


 This was a place with an aquatic terrain.


 But it was not as vast as the Eastern Sea in the outside world, the deepest sea level was only sixty feet.


 Most of the places were like mud pits to desolate beasts.


 This was because the sovereign immortal aperture did not have enough water path dao marks yet.


 Right now, in a particular location of Mini Eastern Sea, two desolate beasts were fighting.


 Howl!


 The desolate beast shark fin wolf howled as it pounced. It opened its mouth, showing its fangs, if its attack landed, even mountains could be damaged.


 But its opponent was a desolate beast flying bear. A crafty light shone in its eyes as it retreated.


 The shark fin wolf exerted excessive strength, its attack was easily dodged by the flying bear.


 Next, the flying bear raised its paws and slammed down at the shark fin wolf’s head.


 Bam, a huge force threw the shark fin wolf onto the ground, it went into a daze from the impact, it could not get up.


 However, Fang Yuan was not satisfied with this result.


 “When I used flying bear strength Immortal Gu earlier, my strength increased. But the flying bear transformation had an issue. I am temporarily using this strength path immortal zombie body, it has a lot of strength path dao marks on it. Even though I have change form Immortal Gu, I can only change my appearance with difficulty. The strength path dao marks are resisting the effects of change form Immortal Gu.”


 Transformation path Gu Immortals mainly had transformation path dao marks in their bodies.


 These dao marks could transform into dao marks of other paths under the influence of Gu worms.


 Change form Immortal Gu was the essence of transformation path, with it, the Gu Immortal could transform into anything. Flowers, birds, fish, insects, grass, trees, mountains, rivers, suns, stars, moons, they could become anything.


 But this Gu only changes the form, other Gu worms had to be used to change the strength, speed, defense, and other aspects.


 “Right now, the sovereign immortal aperture is inside my body, I can only use the strength path immortal zombies and train my transformation path methods. But strength path immortal zombies have strength path dao marks, it is hard for them to use change form Immortal Gu. But flying bear strength Gu gains an amplification from strength path dao marks, it has a greater effect.”


 Fang Yuan assessed this, realizing the usefulness of his current body.


 Non-interference and conflict between his dao marks.


 This was an immense advantage!


 Between all paths, they had clear boundaries that separated them. Even if one cultivated more than one path, there was a difference between the primary and secondary path. But for Fang Yuan, the boundaries were indistinct, he could cultivate all paths.


 “It seems that using strength path immortal zombies can only train my transformation path methods to some extent. It cannot let me understand the true extent of my abilities!” Fang Yuan sighed, controlling the flying bear, dodging agilely.


 As it turned out, the desolate beast shark fin wolf had gotten up, it attacked in a frenzied state.


 But Fang Yuan had the intelligence of a human, he utilized battle tactics and manipulated the flying bear fluidly. The shark fin wolf could not even injure the flying bear.


 Even though Fang Yuan had beast enslavement Immortal Gu and controlled this desolate beast before, after the earthly calamity, Fang Yuan had to return beast enslavement Immortal Gu.


 Thus, before this, he had released his control over the shark fin wolf and spinefin star dragonfish.


 This had a benefit.


 Without beast enslavement Immortal Gu, the desolate beast shark fin wolf could unleash its true fierce nature, it was a good sparring partner.


 Bam.


 With another loud sound, the shark fin wolf was slammed into the mud pit by the flying bear’s paws once again, as mud splashed all over.


 This time, the shark fin wolf whimpered, it got up quickly, seeing that the flying bear was unharmed, it quickly escaped timidly.


 Fang Yuan who was anticipating the shark fin wolf’s attack was dazed, he thought: “Was it because I was too harsh when flicking it to subdue it in the past? Its ferocity is greatly reduced as a result?”


 The shark fin wolf escaped, Fang Yuan lost all interest in continuing.


 “But my practice these last days was not in vain. It proved that my transformation path attainment level has indeed reached grandmaster level.”


 Transformation path grandmaster!


 Right now, Fang Yuan was a grandmaster in blood path, strength path, wisdom path, and star path, a fifth path, transformation path, had also become grandmaster level!


 The five hundred years of his previous life were not of much help to Fang Yuan here. His transformation path attainment could reach this level because of Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 Heaven’s will wanted to exterminate Fang Yuan, it planned and raised the power of his calamities and tribulations to the limits permitted by the way of heaven.


 Fang Yuan had passed two earthly calamities, but these earthly calamities were extraordinarily powerful, they were on par with heavenly tribulations. Thus, even Reckless Savage’s true meaning was drawn out in a greater amount.


 Good fortune and misfortune came in turns.


 Calamities and tribulations had a rule, that was the balance of fortune and misfortune.


 The stronger the calamities and tribulations, the greater the danger Fang Yuan faced, but after passing the tribulation, he would receive much greater benefits!


 Fang Yuan’s transformation path grandmaster attainment was obtained after three infusions of Reckless Savage’s true meaning. The first was when Hei Lou Lan ascended to a ten extreme immortal, the latter two times were inside his own earthly calamities, drawn out using immortal tribulation tempering aperture. He could become a grandmaster because his foundation had been accumulated sufficiently.


 “Becoming a transformation path grandmaster is good news, but my current situation is quite bad.” Fang Yuan was worried.


 Calamities and tribulations grew stronger each time.


 After the second earthly calamity, Fang Yuan could guess how much stronger his following calamities and tribulations would become.


 The second earthly calamity was passed after an extremely dangerous process.


 Along the way, the snow moons started appearing, if Fang Yuan was not resolute and attacked them immediately, the outcome would be disastrous. Towards the end, Dang Hun Mountain was reduced to a small mound, he had so little immortal essence he could not even use one immortal killer move, he only passed because of the desolate beast he prepared.


 It could be said, Fang Yuan expended almost all of his trump cards.


 “During the first earthly calamity, Reckless Savage’s true meaning took over half of the calamities and tribulations’ power. The snow monsters created by heaven’s will did not hold the initiative.”


 “But during the second earthly calamity, heaven’s will planned and plotted while involving Reckless Savage’s true meaning, making use of it, influencing it to become the snow moons that amplified the power of the wind flower tribulation.”


 “Heaven’s will can think, in the third earthly calamity, it will definitely consider Dang Hun Mountain, my current immortal killer moves, and my desolate beasts, as well as even subordinates like Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong.”


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Fang Yuan had gone through some tribulations, he gained a deeper understanding towards heaven’s will.


 Conversely, the same applied to heaven’s will, it gained more and more information regarding Fang Yuan.


 Currently, Fang Yuan had seven main methods against the tribulations.


 The first was to undergo tribulation in the northern icy plain, using immortal tribulation tempering aperture to lure out Reckless Savage true meaning, weakening heaven’s will’s control over the tribulations.


 The second was Dog Shit Luck, using luck path to weaken the tribulations.


 The third was using attitude Gu, dark limit Gu, change form Gu, and familiar face to transform into various things that could confuse heaven’s will.


 The fourth was his strength path, sword path, and blood path Immortal Gu, as well as immortal killer moves that could resist it head on.


 The fifth was Dang Hun Mountain, it gave him an advantage in terrain.


 The sixth was his status as a complete otherworldly demon, heaven’s will could not influence Fang Yuan’s cognition.


 The seventh were external forces. Like the spinefin star dragonfish, shark fin wolf, featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong, Lang Ya Sect’s hairy man Gu Immortals, and others.


 “Heaven’s will knows clearly about these methods and trump cards. At most, the seventh point has greater room for variance.”


 “But these external forces are unreliable.”


 “My enslavement path attainment level is not high, I am not skilled in enslavement path methods either. Even though I can enslave the shark fin wolf and spinefin star dragonfish, heaven’s will can also use the tribulations to grant them freedom, thus, during the tribulation, I can only set them up as a trump card, to prevent heaven’s will from making use of them.”


 “And the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong, he is a variant human Gu Immortal, he has abundant intelligence, if he regains freedom, he would be a bigger threat than desolate beasts. Unless I have no choice, I will not expose the secret of my sovereign immortal aperture to him. And most importantly, he had once used heavenly wish to descend into Tai Bai blessed land as an earthly calamity. If he was manipulated by heaven’s will like those snow monsters and betrayed me, that would be problematic.”


 “At this rate, my third earthly calamity will be a near death experience, and the fourth earthly calamity would be a certain death situation.”


 Fang Yuan was deeply aware of his circumstances.


 Even though he passed the second earthly calamity, treasure yellow heaven was not open, he could not use any cultivation resources to increase his strength.


 This was the problem with Gu Immortals undergoing tribulation.


 The calamities and tribulations get stronger each time, they had to work hard and cultivate, to ensure that the growth of their strength could match the increase in strength of the calamities and tribulations.


 Gu Immortals with lower potential would face weaker calamities and tribulations, there was a long time between each one, it was not hard for them to cultivate. But Fang Yuan’s potential was unprecedented and possibly never surpassed, he had the sovereign immortal aperture that could cultivate all paths!


 Thus, his calamities and tribulations were so terrifying, the growth in their strength was unheard of, and there was only two months between each tribulation!


 Other Gu Immortals would have died already, because Fang Yuan had a deep foundation and a huge amount of resources saved up, he could last until now.


 Look at the number of Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves Fang Yuan had, his grandmaster attainment level in multiple paths, and even Dang Hun Mountain and Lang Ya Sect, these external forces that he could use.


 But even so, his future was bleak.


 “Treasure yellow heaven is closed, it completely breaks my plans and momentum. At this rate, I cannot survive.”


 The problem was treasure yellow heaven.


 If treasure yellow heaven opened, he would have a smooth journey ahead!


 But when was treasure yellow heaven opening?


 Nobody knew.


 It could open in the next moment, or several months later.


 In Fang Yuan’s case, if it took a few months to reopen, he would be dead already. Unless he had a fortuitous encounter and gained a huge boost in strength.


 Days passed, but there were no signs of treasure yellow heaven opening.


 Fang Yuan’s injuries had recovered, but his immortal aperture could not develop.


 Lang Ya Sect’s development was also halted. Lang Ya land spirit had asked Fang Yuan many times to settle the matter of the falling star hound. But Fang Yuan did not agree, their relationship was getting worse.


 Lang Ya land spirit reduced the rewards of Fang Yuan teaching the hairy man Gu Immortals combat skills to the lowest, he was making almost no gains.


 Under Sixth Hair’s instigation, the other hairy man Gu Immortals were also turning cold to Fang Yuan, they even started hating him.


 Even though the second earthly calamity was over, Fang Yuan’s situation was getting worse.


 Should he wait until treasure yellow heaven opened, or attempt to take the initiative and find a breakthrough?


 Fang Yuan was faced with a difficult problem.



***
Chapter 1100 - Hei Tribe Takes The Blame


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a long time, he chose to wait.


 After the second earthly calamity, he gained a deeper understanding of heaven’s will.


 “Over at Tai Qiu, it seems peaceful, but heaven’s will has likely already made its plot, waiting for me to jump in!”


 “Earlier, Lang Ya Sect was developing smoothly in Tai Qiu, it was likely heaven’s will’s bait.”


 “Next, the falling star hound appeared, it was heaven’s will’s probing and pressure. It is attempting to use Lang Ya Sect to force me out.”


 “This means, I definitely cannot go.”


 Or maybe Fang Yuan was just over thinking it? Maybe heaven’s will was not so omnipotent. Or maybe heaven’s will has not started plotting in Tai Qiu yet?


 Fang Yuan thought about these, but he eliminated all these wishful thoughts.


 He could survive until now because of his vigilance, and the fact that he did not leave things to chance. He always planned for the worst outcome.


 Placing no expectations on the love of others, not longing for anyone to be kind to him, not expecting himself to be favored by fate.


 Relying entirely on himself!


 Waiting.


 Fang Yuan settled down, awaiting the opening of treasure yellow heaven.


 After considering all aspects, this was the most advantageous and stable choice for him.


 Time continued to pass, half a month soon passed, but treasure yellow heaven still had no change.


 Sixth Hair was sowing discord everywhere, the hairy man Gu Immortals’ attitude towards Fang Yuan was getting worse.


 Some were pointing at Fang Yuan in the face, scolding him for being a traitor, even though he joined Lang Ya Sect, he was not contributing it.


 “I have a reason for everything I do.” Fang Yuan explained plainly, after that, he stayed in his cloud city and rarely moved around.


 He also accepted very few requests to guide the hairy man Gu Immortals in fighting.


 Because the rewards were simply too little after Lang Ya land spirit’s adjustment.


 He could not develop his immortal aperture, and it was difficult to become proficient in transformation path methods, Fang Yuan did not waste his time, he used wisdom path methods to make many deductions.


 But without the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan felt a strong contrast. His deductions took a long time, it was very different from using the light of wisdom, the difference was like that of heaven and earth.


 “Why would I care about the attitude of others?”


 “As long as I am in Lang Ya Sect, and do not break any sect rules, would Lang Ya land spirit break his own rules and remove my external supreme elder status? Unlikely.”


 Fang Yuan continued to wait.


 Even though the environment exerted great pressure on him, he was unmoved.


 Northern Plains, Myriad Bean Garden, more than ten days later.


 This place had fertile soil and good sunny weather, there were fields for farming with lots of irrigation channels that were orderly arranged.


 Chu Du came here and looked around, he felt his emotions calming down, he said loudly: “Tian Xia Xin, you are indeed the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains. The outside world is already in a mess, but you are still here farming and living peacefully, you are truly an unfettered expert.”


 There were thousands of square kilometers of farmland, with many figures that had their backs lowered and farming.


 Most of them were inkmen, they had dark skin and white hair, they were a type of variant human.


 One of them was a human, he looked like an old farmer with a hunched back, fifty to sixty years old with wrinkles on his face. His rough hands were grabbing onto two special beanstalks. His pants were rolled up as he stood on mud, he had no demeanor of an immortal, he really looked like an ordinary old man.


 But after hearing Chu Du’s words, he raised his head, straightening his back. facing the famous Domination Immortal, he had no fear or unease, he smiled lightly: “Chu Du, you are flattering me. How can I be the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains? There is a mountain taller than another mountain, an expert above another expert, there are so many hidden experts in Northern Plains, even though I inherited Old Immortal Tian Yuan’s true inheritance, I could not learn much and had a weak foundation. Back in the day, I competed with Dong Fang Chang Fan and lost to him by miles. There is no way I am number one.”


 This wisdom path Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin was originally a mortal, he was not even a Gu Master.


 But under a coincidence, he obtained an immense opportunity from an immortal.


 Eventually, he inherited the true inheritance of a famous person in history, the wisdom path great expert Old Immortal Tian Yuan, becoming a wisdom path Gu Immortal secretly.


 Back then, when Dong Fang Chang Fan tried to develop his clan and lead Dong Fang tribe on a strong rise, he had to infringe on other people’s benefits.


 Even though Tian Xia Xin obtained a true inheritance and became a Gu Immortal, he had ordinary aptitude, his immortal aperture was ordinary and his calamities and tribulations were not powerful. Because of his personality, he had no grand ambitions. He was originally cultivating peacefully at home, but when Dong Fang tribe expanded, they interrupted his peaceful lifestyle.


 Even though Tian Xia Xin was unwilling to, Dong Fang Chang Fan was very overbearing, after losing to Dong Fang Chang Fan, he could only leave Myriad Bean Garden and roam outside.


 During this period, he interacted with other Gu Immortals and slowly, the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world learned of his existence.


 After Dong Fang Chang Fan died, Dong Fang tribe’s base was taken down, countless resources were snatched away.


 As a super force, Dong Fang tribe was like the setting sun, fading out of existence rapidly.


 Without Dong Fang Chang Fan, Dong Fang tribe collapsed, Tian Xia Xin used this chance to return to his former home, becoming the owner of Myriad Bean Garden.


 Even though he had ordinary aptitude, his true inheritance was very impressive, many Northern Plains Gu Immortal promoted him, considering him to be the number one person under Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 After Dong Fang Chang Fan died, he naturally went up in status, and was now publicly recognized as the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.


 But he had no ambitions or desires, he wanted to be ordinary, even as a Gu Immortal, he did not want to give up on his original life, he went to the fields to farm daily.


 Of course, Myriad Bean Garden was huge, most of the labor was done by inkmen.


 Tian Xia Xin raised inkman slaves, he was quite famous in the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world for this.


 Chu Du smiled, walking towards Tian Xia Xin: “Brother Tian is too humble, if I had brother Tian’s wisdom path attainment, I would call myself number one already, in the whole of Northern Plains, I would like to see who can compete against me?”


 Tian Xia Xin squinted his eyes, he laughed heartily: “Brother Chu, you carry yourself like a dragon or tiger, you are a domineering person among immortals, you have grand ambitions, I cannot compare to you. Well? Do you also want to reap some benefits from Hei tribe?” You came here today to ask me to make deductions for you?”


 Chu Du nodded, but shook his head a moment later: “Hei tribe is about to be destroyed, like the former Dong Fang tribe. Right now, almost all forces in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world are attacking and plotting against Hei tribe. However, I do not want to interfere in this. I came here with an even more important matter to ask Brother Tian to deduce.”


 Tian Xia Xin showed a look of admiration on his face: “Impressive! As expected of Domination Immortal Chu Du, you are unfazed by the trends of the world and stick to your own goals. What do you want me to deduce?”


 “I want you to make deductions about a person. This is the clue.” Chu Du said, handing an Immortal Gu to Tian Xia Xin.


 This Immortal Gu looked like a silver winged dragonfly, its wings were flickering with silver light, Tian Xia Xin felt a cold chill looking at it.


 “A rank seven sword path Immortal Gu.” He was slightly taken aback, suddenly, his body shook with a mystical aura, he answered himself: “Flying sword Immortal Gu, Bo Qing once used it.”


 “As expected of Tian Xia Xin, that is the case.” Chu Du praised, stating his intent.


 He wanted to obtain the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method from Fang Yuan, to lure out infusions of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, assisting him in cultivation.


 Compared to the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method, his method of nurturing strength path Gu Masters to become Gu Immortals was too slow and inefficient.


 Even though he had Fang Yuan’s flying sword Immortal Gu, he could not match him in speed, he could only negotiate with him.


 But after that, Fang Yuan left, even though he gave Chu Du a contact method, Chu Du received few replies from him. Even when Fang Yuan replied, he was just giving half-hearted replies.


 Chu Du was getting more anxious.


 Especially in the last few months, when treasure yellow heaven closed, Chu Du lost all ways to contact Fang Yuan.


 Chu Du was also anticipating the opening of treasure yellow heaven, but when he thought about it, even if treasure yellow heaven opened, Fang Yuan might still ignore him.


 It was quite unbelievable, what sort of person was Chu Du, he actually had to wait for a Gu Immortal to reply to him.


 But the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method was very important, it was a way for Chu Du to cultivate.


 Chu Du ignored even the events in Hei tribe, he went to Tian Xia Xin to use his methods to deduce Fang Yuan’s location.


 “Since you are ignoring me, I will find you myself!” Chu Du was thinking like this.


 This was the demeanor of the Domination Immortal!


 Tian Xia Xin continued deducing, a moment later, he said: “Good! This Immortal Gu still belongs to the target, you did not forcefully refine it. This way, I have a fifty percent chance of deducing the other party.”


 Chu Du frowned: “Only fifty percent?”


 “If he is hiding inside an immortal aperture, I definitely cannot deduce anything. Fifty percent is very high already.” Tian Xia Xin said.


 Chu Du nodded helplessly: “Then I will trouble Brother Tian.”


 “Let’s go to another location. I need three days.”


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan returned to his cloud city.


 Earlier, he was summoned by Lang Ya land spirit, he was not asking him to deal with the falling star hound, instead, something huge was happening in Northern Plains!


 “Hei tribe...” Fang Yuan muttered, his gaze flickering.


 Hei tribe was facing a destructive crisis, they were in dire straits. Speaking of which, Fang Yuan was among the main culprits for it.


 Looking at the situation.


 Fang Yuan caused the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he destroyed Imperial Court blessed land and caused Northern Plains’ righteous path to be furious, they were trying to find him.


 But at that time, with Shadow Sect helping him, along with Fang Yuan’s own efforts, they could not find him.


 Next, Hei Cheng joined Shadow Sect, Shadow Sect and Feng Jiu Ge’s group fought in the hundred days battle in Luo Po Valley.


 Hei Cheng left behind the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison and escaped, being captured by Fang Yuan.


 Next, Blazing Heaven Demoness dealt with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, they came to an agreement, Blazing Heaven Demoness forced Hei tribe’s top four supreme elders, who were using Green City Rampage, to retreat, and Old Ancestor Xue Hu used the chance to steal immortal materials from Hei tribe’s headquarters, earning a huge fortune.


 Finally, in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect was destroyed, nobody could protect Fang Yuan from deductions anymore, his secret was exposed by Heavenly Court to the entire world, the truth of Imperial Court blessed land was revealed.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals wanted to get rid of Fang Yuan, but they could not find his location. Firstly, wisdom path Gu Immortals were very rare, and secondly, Fang Yuan had been hiding inside Lang Ya blessed land the entire time! Finally, this fellow also had quite a high attainment in wisdom path himself!


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals could not find Hei Lou Lan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Fang Yuan was the main culprit, they were the accomplices! Right now, they were with Ying Wu Xie. Central Continent’s Heavenly Court struck but could not capture them.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were furious!


 Especially the righteous path Gu Immortals, and those super forces who dominated territories, the Huang Jin tribes.


 Their lives was originally great, using the arrangement of their ancestor Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they could bully those demonic path or lone immortals, playing the game of the Imperial Court contest every ten years, heh, it was quite exciting! In all, the righteous path flourished, and the Huang Jin tribes dominated Northern Plains, the situation could not be shaken.


 But Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, this beautiful setup broke apart utterly.


 They could not find the culprit or the accomplices, so they went to Hei tribe!


 Hei Lou Lan was a member of Hei tribe after all!


 Who else but Hei tribe could take the blame now?



***
Chapter 1101 - Two True Inheritances


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “With Hei tribe’s current situation, should I interfere?” Fang Yuan thought about it, there was much he could do here.


 Even though Hei tribe was a super force, part of the Huang Jin family, they were weak among the super forces of Northern Plains. Moreover, they were besieged on all fronts now, they were facing the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world!


 The outcome was obvious, Hei tribe was going down in flames.


 Even if they were unwilling to give in, how could one tribe resist the entire Gu Immortal world?


 Unless they had a rank eight Gu Immortal to defend them, but Hei tribe did not have such a person.


 Hei tribe’s top four supreme elders could form the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage and had battle strength that could contest with that of a rank eight to an extent. But this was the only trump card that Hei tribe had.


 Fang Yuan became more enticed as he thought about it. To him, the situation was a mess now, everyone wanted to gain profits from Hei tribe, in this situation, he could definitely gain something.


 Don’t forget, Fang Yuan had a huge advantage — he had a Gu Immortal captive, Hei Cheng!


 Gu Immortal Hei Cheng was not like ordinary Hei tribe Gu Immortals. He had authority, he was trusted by the top four supreme elders.


 Hei tribe’s top four supreme elders encountered a problem when using the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage, causing them to be unable to distance themselves from one another, they could only give up some authority. Hei Cheng was their spokesperson, he managed the affairs of Hei tribe, and knew clearly about the situation in the whole of Hei tribe.


 Hei Cheng was in Fang Yuan’s hands, he naturally had methods to search souls and wills, Fang Yuan was a wisdom path grandmaster, Hei Cheng could not defend against him.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had more clear knowledge about Hei tribe than those Huang Jin tribes who were targeting it. He knew deeper and more specific information.


 With the support of his intel, Fang Yuan had a huge advantage compared to them.


 Within Hei tribe, there was a key thing which attracted Fang Yuan.


 That was — the Hei Fan true inheritance!


 Hei Fan was once a Gu Immortal of Hei tribe, he was a famous person in history, but he had died long ago.


 In the past, Hei Fan cultivated time path, he reached rank eight. he controlled Hei tribe and made it an overlord back then, it was quite powerful even among super forces, those were glorious times.


 But his lifespan was limited, after Hei Fan died, Hei tribe slowly became weaker, while some of the other super forces rose up.


 Before Hei Fan died, he left behind his true inheritance, but none of Hei tribe’s descendants could inherit it.


 The true inheritance of a rank eight Gu Immortal, if one inherited it, they might become a rank eight Gu Immortal in the future.


 If Hei tribe had a rank eight Gu Immortal, they would not be in this situation.


 In the world of Gu Immortals, rank six Gu Immortals were at the bottom, rank seven Gu Immortals were in the middle, while rank eights were the top brass.


 If Hei tribe had a rank eight Gu Immortal, even if Hei Lou Lan was the main culprit behind the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they could still withstand it! The existence of a rank eight Gu Immortal was crucial to the deterrence of a super force against others!


 Even if this rank eight Gu Immortal were to be faced with pressure by many other rank eight Gu Immortals, they would at most only need to pay a huge price in resources and compensation to protect the tribe.


 The current situation was not like that, Hei tribe had many Gu Immortals, but they could not defend the tribe.


 “Hei Fan true inheritance...” Fang Yuan muttered, his eyes were shining deeply.


 “In my current situation, the biggest obstacle is heaven’s will. And heaven’s will’s strongest methods are calamities and tribulations.”


 “Each calamity and tribulation is a gamble, I am targeted by heaven’s will, it is too dangerous. And the interval between each calamity is two months, this is simply too short!”


 If he had more time, Fang Yuan could deal with the calamities and tribulations after more preparation.


 But Fang Yuan’s body, coming from the Sovereign Immortal Fetus, was simply too absurd! Its existence defied heaven, it could not be allowed to remain.


 However, man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu Immortals were incredibly intelligent beings. Predecessors had thought of countless ways to deal with the short durations between calamities and tribulations.


 Among them, the most popular were time path methods.


 Lang Ya blessed land did this, Long Hair Ancestor had once asked a time path great expert to slow the rate of time in Lang Ya blessed land. This way, the interval between calamities and tribulations was longer.


 After Long Hair Ancestor died, this was left behind. This gave Lang Ya land spirit lots of time to prepare and get ready for all the calamities and tribulations.


 “I do not know any time path Gu Immortal. Even if I once was in contact with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he could not slow the time in the immortal aperture.”


 Fang Yuan knew about Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s inheritance, because he had once soul searched Tai Bai Yun Sheng in Imperial Court blessed land. But in fact, not all time path Gu Immortals had methods to slow time in the immortal aperture. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a good example.


 “Even if I know any such time path Gu Immortal, or approach them now, my sovereign immortal aperture is an extremely important secret, it is too huge of a deal, how can I let any time path Gu Immortal know about it? It is hard to trust anyone.”


 “I might as well rely on myself! If I can obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance and slow the time in my immortal aperture, that would be great.”


 Ordinary time path true inheritances might not have a method to slow the time passing in the immortal aperture.


 But the Hei Fan true inheritance was extraordinary, it was left behind by the rank eight Hei Fan!


 In the history of Hei tribe, it was recorded: When Hei Fan was alive, he had slowed the time in many immortal apertures of Hei tribe Gu Immortals. This way, the Hei tribe Gu Immortals could deal with their calamities and tribulations with more ease, there was a greater chance of success. As time passed, the number of Hei tribe Gu Immortals exceeded other super forces.


 With the rank eight Gu Immortal Hei Fan as deterrence in Northern Plains, and with countless rank six and seven Gu Immortals in Hei tribe, this created a glorious time of prosperity in Hei tribe’s history!


 Fang Yuan knew clearly about the history of Hei tribe through the captive Hei Cheng.


 Blazing Heaven Demoness knew about this too. She had a time path injury, it made the rate at which time passed for her very fast, she had to become an immortal zombie.


 To cure her injury, Blazing Heaven Demoness formed a scheme, sending her sister Su Xian Er to Hei tribe, attempting to obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance and heal her. Instead, her sister fell in love with Hei Cheng and gave birth to Hei Lou Lan, it became a story of love and hatred.


 All in all, as long as Fang Yuan could obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance, he could slow the rate of time in his immortal aperture.


 Once the rate of time in his immortal aperture slowed down, Fang Yuan’s circumstances would change drastically!


 Even though slower time meant that production of resources would also be slower, and his cultivation level would also rise more slowly, it stabilized the situation, Fang Yuan’s pressure and difficulty in cultivating would be lower by a huge margin. The advantages outweighed the disadvantages!


 Hei Fan true inheritance...


 Fang Yuan became more enticed as he thought about it.


 To him, this was a crucial way to get out of his situation.


 “If I want to leave and go to Hei tribe, participating in this chaotic battle, there are many ways to do so.”


 “This precious information is my first advantage. Secondly, I have dark limit Immortal Gu to conceal my aura, heaven’s will cannot find me. And thirdly, I have familiar face and change form Immortal Gu to disguise myself, I can mix in with the chaotic bunch moving in.”


 “Should I go?”


 Fang Yuan thought over it, he decided to observe from the sidelines, he did not go immediately.


 The situation over at Hei tribe was too chaotic now.


 Righteous path, demonic path, even lone immortals were participating in the raid.


 The scene was a mess, countless experts were moving about, appearing continuously.


 Among rank six Gu Immortals, there were bottom tier Gu Immortals like Old Lu, and also ordinary Gu Immortals like Qing Xuan Zi, there were even Zhuo Zhan, Divine Lord Tian Du, Shi Hou, and other experts. Among rank seven Gu Immortal experts, there were Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han. According to some vague rumors, it seemed like Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Old Ancestor Xue Hu were also active in this.


 Fang Yuan looked at the situation, the time was not ripe yet.


 This was only the start, many forces and Gu Immortals were taking over Hei tribe’s resource points. These Gu Immortals were far from reaching the headquarters yet.


 All sorts of forces were restricting one another, it was very chaotic. Countless people rose up and fought, they competed to decide who would get to keep the resources.


 If Fang Yuan went now, he would be implicated, no matter who he disguised himself as.


 And dark limit Immortal Gu’s protection only lasted for a while, it could not be used for long.


 And most importantly, there was heaven’s will.


 Heaven’s will could make arrangements against Fang Yuan.


 What did heaven’s will know?


 Heaven’s will was inside Spring Autumn Cicada, with Spring Autumn Cicada around Fang Yuan, heaven’s will might know of his plan beforehand.


 During the transactions with Sixth Hair, Shadow Sect had told Fang Yuan: Heaven’s will was vast, it was everywhere.


 Heaven’s will covered the area of the five regions and two heavens, this was a huge advantage, it knew much information and secrets.


 Because of many reasons, Fang Yuan could not act casually.


 He decided to wait until Hei tribe’s situation became clearer, once he could see the situation clearly, he would be able to take action.


 The key of this was still one word — Speed!


 Accumulating strength, and striking immediately, before leaving rapidly.


 There was no better tactic.


 Fang Yuan waited patiently, using Lang Ya Sect, he could gain information about the outside world.


 Days passed by.


 The battles involving Hei tribe continued to aggravate. Countless Gu Immortals got involved, some won while others lost, countless schemes were used, it was like a huge spiral, and this spiral was expanding, sucking in even more people. At this rate, the spiral was becoming chaotic and uncontrollable.


 Many secluded cultivators could not resist the temptation, they appeared.


 There were people like Fang Yuan as well, biding their time.


 Days later, in Myriad Bean Garden.


 “I tried my best, but the other party is hiding inside an immortal aperture, there are no results.” Wisdom path Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin sighed, showing some embarrassment on his face.


 “Is that so...” Disappointment could not be concealed on Chu Du’s face.


 “But, I have made some other gain.” Tian Xia Xin suddenly said.


 “Oh? What do you mean, Brother Tian?” Chu Du was perplexed.


 Immediately, he saw that Tian Xia Xin returned flying sword Immortal Gu to him, he pointed at the Immortal Gu and said: “This flying sword Immortal Gu is not simple, there is an insignia left on this Gu. I have already deciphered this insignia, it is the key to an immortal’s true inheritance!”


 “What? There is such a thing!” Chu Du was surprised, he was greatly interested: “Is this the sword path true inheritance of Sword Immortal Bo Qing?”



***
Chapter 1102 - Planning


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “No, no.” Hearing Chu Du’s guess, wisdom path Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin shook his head: “This insignia is made from an information path method, according to my deduction, it is an information path true inheritance. But the location of the true inheritance is not in Northern Plains, but Eastern Sea instead.”


 “Eastern Sea, information path true inheritance?” Chu Du frowned, his expectations fell drastically.


 If it were a sword path true inheritance, there was little hope of him cultivating it anyway.


 The reason was simple, he cultivated strength path, his foundation in strength path dao marks was deep, it was difficult for him to cultivate other paths.


 But sword path had strong attacking power, and because of the historical records of the legendary ‘pseudo-Immortal Venerable’ Bo Qing, Chu Du gained a lot of curiosity.


 The moment he heard information path, the curiosity faded.


 Chu Du was a highly accomplished character who naturally knew the advantages of information path towards his cultivation, but he was straightforward and had grand ambitions, he had a preference for strong offensive methods instead.


 He was known as the Domination Immortal, there was a saying: There are only wrong names, not wrong titles.


 Chu Du could not cultivate sword path or information path, of course.


 In this world, throughout the past, present, and future, Fang Yuan was the only one who could cultivate all paths!


 If other Gu Immortals wanted to cultivate a second path, they would need to spend a lot of time and effort. Unless there was a special situation, or if they had an exemplary Immortal Gu, most would not do something like this with great disadvantages, it was not wise.


 Seeing Chu Du’s expression, Tian Xia Xin knew what he was thinking, he quickly explained: “Brother Chu, don’t look down on this insignia. According to my deduction, this was carved onto flying sword Immortal Gu at a later time. Such an information path method is unheard of, it was an eye-opener, this is definitely not ordinary!”


 Chu Du’s expression became serious.


 After the reminder, he felt that Tian Xia Xin’s words made much sense!


 If the carving was done on ordinary rocks or walls, that was normal. But it was done on a Gu worm, that was very rare.


 And this was flying sword Immortal Gu, a rank seven sword path Gu!


 Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.


 When Gu Immortals cultivate and undergo tribulations, they would gain more dao marks in their bodies. Meanwhile, Immortal Gu were fragments made of dao marks!


 The dao marks of different paths would resist and conflict with each other. This information path insignia had a trace of information path dao marks within it, but it could be carved on a container of sword path dao marks, and be kept for such a long time. This was like a ship floating in the sea, unmoved by all the currents around it.


 In this case, the information path method was simply extraordinary!


 “Brother Chu, can I negotiate with you?” Tian Xia Xin suddenly asked.


 Chu Du smiled lightly, he was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but he understood what Tian Xia Xin was going to say.


 Chu Du waved his hand, interrupting Tian Xia Xin, saying: “Brother Tian, please don’t blame me. This flying sword Immortal Gu is not mine to begin with, it belongs to my friend. My friend had gone missing, so I got worried and wanted to deduce his location. The opportunity on this Immortal Gu also belongs to him.”


 The deductions of wisdom path Gu Immortals did not come from thin air, they needed clues. The more clues there were, the easier the deduction could be done.


 Thus, wisdom path Gu Immortals often had a great desire towards information path methods.


 Tian Xia Xin was originally not interested in most information path methods, because he had inherited Old Immortal Tian Yuan’s extraordinary wisdom path inheritance, he had very high standards. But because this information path true inheritance was too high quality, even a Gu Immortal as reserved as him was interested.


 “I see, I was too abrupt.” Hearing Chu Du’s rejection, Tian Xia Xin felt dejected, but he still returned flying sword Immortal Gu to Chu Du.


 This rank seven sword path Immortal Gu was used to deduce for clues, it was not the payment for his services.


 Of course, Chu Du asked Tian Xia Xin to make a deduction for him, he paid a hefty price.


 “The deduction did not succeed, according to the rules, I will take only half of the payment.” Tian Xia Xin looked at the flying sword Immortal Gu in Chu Du’s hands longingly, he sighed and said this.


 Chu Du shook his head, laughing: “No need, even though my goal was not achieved, it was not for nothing. Brother Tian is indeed the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, it was worth the price. I will take my leave.”


 Chu Du was the Domination Immortal, but he was not a rash person lacking interpersonal skills.


 Tian Xia Xin was one of the few wisdom path experts in Northern Plains, he would likely need his help again in the future, how could Chu Du worsen their relationship?


 “This...” Tian Xia Xin hesitated.


 But Chu Du had already left, he did things quickly and resolutely, he left without hesitation.


 When he left, he was quite happy.


 The rank seven Immortal Gu Flying Sword was already very precious, now that it also had an information path true inheritance clue, Chu Du felt that Fang Yuan would never give up on it. This way, he had a way to pressure Fang Yuan!


 “I must obtain the method to draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning no matter what!” Chu Du felt a flame burning inside him.


 Tian Xia Xin saw Chu Du leaving, he sighed helplessly.


 If it were others, he might have gone ahead to snatch it. But that was the Domination Immortal!


 Chu Du only cultivated strength path, while Tian Xia Xin cultivated wisdom path, but Tian Xia Xin did not have the courage to scheme against Chu Du.


 Strength path was declining like the setting sun, while wisdom path was precious and rare. But throughout history, there was no strongest path, only a strongest Gu Immortal, no path or Gu worm could be known as the strongest.


 Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. To humans, Gu worms were just tools!


 Time passed, the commotion in Northern Plains intensified.


 The web around Hei tribe was starting to tighten.


 Like what Fang Yuan had predicted, Hei tribe was resisting the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, how could they win?


 Even though Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals resisted strongly, they still lost bit by bit, with no hopes of winning. The intense aura of blood attracted more and more hungry sharks that came after Hei tribe’s immense assets.


 Hei tribe headquarters, Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Right now, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were gathered, there was a gloomy atmosphere.


 Hei Cheng’s four top supreme elders were seated at the highest position. Hei Cheng was captured by Fang Yuan, his good friend Hei Bai was injured. The other six Hei tribe Gu Immortals were all rank six.


 The atmosphere was heavy.


 “The tribe is facing a calamity, we are all pillars that hold up Hei tribe, let’s talk about it, how can we survive this crisis?” First supreme elder initiated, breaking the silence.


 But Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals simply looked at one another in turn, nobody said a thing.


 This was not the first meeting.


 In the earlier meeting, they were participating actively. Some suggested that they should fight back strongly, they should punish and take down all those who try to infringe on Hei tribe’s property. Of course, their goal was to achieve peace.


 Peace could only be obtained after fighting.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were not stupid, they knew this.


 Unfortunately, even though they understood this, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals could not rival so many enemies, even though they fought back, they were forced back. Almost all of Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were injured now. One rank six Gu Immortal even died.


 Second supreme elder sighed: “If not for the fact that an accident happened when we used Green City Rampage, causing us to be unable to separate, the situation would be much better now.”


 Hei tribe occupied a lot of resources, but Hei tribe Gu Immortals were few, and most of them were rank six. Against the attacking forces, Hei tribe was too weak, and had little battle strength, they could not control the situation.


 “It is all because of Hei Cheng! This person is a sinner of our tribe!! That daughter of his caused this mess. He even lost our Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, he truly deserves death without sympathy!” A Hei tribe Gu Immortal scolded angrily.


 “Indeed, indeed.”


 “Hei Cheng is a heinous sinner...”


 At once, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals spoke agitatedly.


 Hei Cheng lost the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, it was truly a huge mistake. Otherwise, with Dark Prison and the four elders’ Green City Rampage, the situation would not be this terrible.


 First supreme elder was silent.


 Dark Prison was originally his, he had lent it to Hei Cheng. Hei Cheng was the one who lost Dark Prison, first supreme elder was also to blame for trusting the wrong person.


 During usual times, the four top supreme elders trusted Hei Cheng deeply, allowing him to manage matters in the tribe.


 The criticism and scolding of the Hei tribe Gu Immortals was also vaguely expressing their unhappiness towards the four supreme elders, but they could not say it directly.


 After a while, third supreme elder could not stand it anymore, he said: “Enough, at this point, the matter has already happened, what can cursing do? We are in a crisis now, if cursing could save us, I would have done it long ago. We are all members of Hei tribe with the same bloodline, if the tribe is wiped out, none of us will be spared. You should all know this.”


 Once he said that, the berating stopped.


 Fourth supreme elder coughed: “Regarding our current situation, if anyone has any input, you can mention it.”


 The immortals were silent.


 The difference in strength was too huge, there were no effective strategies.


 “I have something to say.” At this point, a rank six Gu Immortal spoke.


 Everyone looked over, it was Hei Bai.


 This immortal cultivated wood path, he had rank six cultivation level, when he was young, he was known as the ‘Hei tribe stoneman’, he was a man of few words. Normally, he was close to Hei Cheng, they had a deep friendship.


 “Speak, we are listening.”


 “I want to see what great idea you have, Hei Bai?”


 The Gu Immortals spoke in cold tones, they hated Hei Cheng, that hatred extended to Hei Bai as well.


 Hei Bai’s expression did not change, he was like a rock, saying solemnly: “In this situation, I do not need to speak much, you are all aware of it. Not only the righteous path and demonic path Gu Immortals, even lone immortals are coming to get a share. The only reason for this is due to benefits.”


 “Everyone kicks a man who is down, the survival of our tribe is most important. As long as we survive, be it resources, benefits, or reputation, they are all things we can give up.”


 “You want us to surrender? Our tribe had traitors like Hei Lou Lan and Hei Cheng, Imperial Court blessed land was also destroyed, do you think the Huang Jin families would let us off?” Some Gu Immortals immediately mocked and sneered.


 Hei Bai shook his head: “The Huang Jin tribes will not let us off, but there is one person in Northern Plains now who can help our Hei tribe escape this crisis.”


 “Who?”


 Hei Bai said a name.


 The immortals heard this and were all shocked.


 Author’s note: Guess who.



***
Chapter 1103 - Chaos in Northern Plains


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The sun was setting, there was beautiful light in the horizon, it was blazing like fire, showing a scenic view.


 A light wind was blowing, the golden wheat fields were swaying along.


 “This is the wheat field that Hei tribe cultivates with great care, it is truly huge and majestic.” Gu Immortal Lu Qing Ming floated in the air as he looked down, saying plainly.


 Hei tribe had planted a huge amount of wheat here.


 This wheat was known as the golden wheat, it matured once every two years, but it was not meant to be consumed by humans, it was a type of metal, called metal essence.


 This place was originally a barren desolate land. Because it had too high of a mineral content, even causing the formation of mines, no plants would grow here.


 Hei tribe planted this golden wheat, making use of it to excavate the resources here, they had put in a lot of time and effort for the project. Thus, this wheat field forming an immense area was created. Even though Lu Qing Ming was in the air now, he could not see the borders of this field.


 There was another person beside Lu Qing Ming.


 His name was Su Guang, a light path Gu Immortal.


 He looked at the wheat field below him passionately: “Hei tribe’s wheat field is famous in Northern Plains. Every time it is harvested, at least five hundred thousand kilograms of metal essence is obtained. The metal essence is a huge source of revenue in Hei tribe. Even though the metal essence is a rank five mortal material, we have little use for it, but it can be sold in bulk for a good price.”


 Lu Qing Ming smiled before nodding: “It is worth taking.”


 “I would urge you both to not be foolish, my Guan tribe is taking this.” A figure appeared along with the voice, standing in front of Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang.


 He had a stern expression, he was emitting strong battle intent, the third eye on his forehead was very eye-catching.


 Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang looked at each other, reaching a consensus.


 They had sensed that there were other Gu Immortals’ auras here, they spoke earlier without taking physical action in order to lure out the Gu Immortals.


 “So it is Guan Shen Zhao of Guan tribe.” Lu Qing Ming said politely.


 “The Traveling Three Elites, I have heard of you. But after Dong Fang Chang Fan’s incident, Gu Immortal Han Dong is already dead. If you try to act forcefully, I am afraid the Traveling Three Elites would be completely wiped out today.” Guan Shen Zhao was not polite at all.


 He was a Guan tribe Gu Immortal, Guan tribe was a super force, part of the Huang Jin family, he had enough confidence.


 Su Guang laughed: “You are in the righteous path, while us brothers are in the demonic path. Righteous and demonic are opposing sides, will we retreat now? We have to fight and determine the winner!”


 Guan Shen Zhao snorted coldly, attacking directly.


 At once, immortal aura rampaged, light burst out, the two sides engaged in fierce combat in the sky.


 ...


 Two figures, one big and one small, were flying parallel to the ground.


 “Grandfather, where are we going?” The smaller one was only a teenager in appearance, he asked with an expression of curiosity.


 “Hehe, my dear grandson, we are going to Gushing Spring Forest. Do you know about it?” The larger one was an old looking Gu Immortal, he wore a yellow robe, his huge sleeves were fluttering in the wind.


 The youngster’s eyes moved about: “Gushing Spring Forest is a forest of water pillars formed from underground geysers. It is said that there are countless water path and earth path Gu worms there, it is a precious territory of Hei tribe.”


 “Good, I did not teach you in vain. Dear grandson, don’t you cultivate water path? We are going to Gushing Spring Forest now, let’s see if there are any water path mortal Gu that you want. If we are lucky, we might even obtain some of the springs, we can place them in my immortal aperture, when you becoming an immortal, I will transfer these resources to you.” The old Gu Immortal said.


 The youngster showed a look of gratitude, he asked worriedly: “Grandfather, you are only a bottom tier rank six Gu Immortal. What if you die after entering Hei tribe’s territory?”


 The youngster spoke without restraint, the old Gu Immortal was not angry, he laughed as he explained to his grandson: “More than ten days ago, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals had already gone back to their headquarters. Right now, Hei tribe’s other territories are unoccupied.”


 “Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals are not around, but what about other Gu Immortals? Didn’t we hear that those old demons like Pi Shui Han are also getting involved?” The youngster was still worried.


 “You don’t understand.” The old Gu Immortal was confident: “Even though Gushing Spring Forest is an important territory, compared to the others, it is still inferior. Experts like Pi Shui Han would not want to come here.”


 “The closest super forces near Hei tribe are Liu tribe, Guan tribe, and Yao tribe. We cannot snatch the resources of territories near these tribes. Those close to Hei tribe’s headquarters are also untouchable. Those important treasures are for these experts to fight over, even if we watch from afar, we will be in danger. Considering this, Gushing Spring Forest is the safest and wisest choice for us.”


 “So that’s it.” The youngster realized.


 The sound of wind was loud, the two got closer to Gushing Spring Forest.


 Suddenly, the old Gu Immortal’s expression changed, he heard the sound of intense battle.


 “Oh no.” The old Gu Immortal’s expression sank, he quickly flew into the air.


 At this moment, the sun was high in the sky, sending down blazing rays of light.


 Gushing Spring Forest could be seen by the grandfather and grandson, but the place was a chaotic mess.


 The tranquil Gushing Spring Forest had been ravaged, it was in disarray.


 Spring water was spraying everywhere, explosions were occurring constantly.


 Looking over it, there were nearly ten Gu Immortals in battle.


 At once, the two looked at each other bitterly.


 They could tell, others had the same plan as them. There were many wise bottom tier Gu Immortals.


 ...


 In the sky, dark clouds were looming, rain was drizzling.


 Two groups were facing each other in the sky of this ordinary plain.


 Guan tribe and Liu tribe.


 Guan tribe had three Gu Immortals, while Liu tribe had two.


 The atmosphere was not heavy, the leaders of the two sides were talking warmly.


 If not for the weather, they might even look like they were having a tea party.


 “Lord third supreme elder, we have the advantage, why don’t we strike and occupy this place?” Over at Guan tribe, Gu Immortal Guan Shen Zhao could not stand the frustration, he transmitted this.


 Guan tribe’s third supreme elder was talking with the other party, but he also transmitted to Guan Shen Zhao: “You are foolish! Have you forgotten the lesson a few days ago? By attacking rashly, you caused a bigger chaos, we could not defend the golden wheat field, other demonic path Gu Immortals snatched it.”


 “A fragment of immemorial red heaven is hidden in this place, it is very important. Who knows how many people are aiming at this location. But my Guan tribe and even Liu tribe each can be considered to have half the local territorial advantage, thus, we are on the surface the two competing for it.”


 “At this moment, we cannot act rashly and attack without reason. once we do, we would lose control of the situation, outsiders would come in to steal the fruits of our labor!”


 Guan Shen Zhao was scolded severely, he showed shame on his face as he transmitted: “Lord, you are right, I was too rash.”


 ...


 Eastern Sea, on a common island.


 Ying Wu Xie, Shi Nu, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, all four of them appeared.


 “This is the island.” Ying Wu Xie looked around, letting out a breath of air.


 “Fang Yuan, this is the turbulent flow sea area?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng guessed, he had once roamed in Eastern Sea, he could differentiate the locations of Eastern Sea.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled: “That’s right, master had given me information about this secret base, we can rest and recover here.”


 Currently, he was still using Fang Yuan’s identity to deceive Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Among these four Gu Immortals, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the only one who was unaware of the truth.


 Ying Wu Xie willed, after a while, he waved his hand, saying: “Follow me.”


 Immediately, a certain arrangement was activated in this place.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others’ field of vision changed, when they regained their senses, they were already under the island.


 This place was a hollow that was previously dug out, a beautiful five floored palace was right in front of them.


 “This is an Immortal Gu House?!” Hei Lou Lan was shocked, Shadow Sect was a huge force, there were arrangements in all five regions. Even though Yi Tian Mountain was a failure, the remaining forces were not to be underestimated!


 But what happened next was more shocking to her.


 The three immortals followed Ying Wu Xie, going inside the palace.


 The palace doors opened on its own, it recognized Ying Wu Xie’s identity and welcomed the owner.


 “This is?”


 “So many Immortal Gu!”


 Once they entered the palace, Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not help but cry out.


 Ying Wu Xie explained while smiling: “The turbulent flow sea area is a hugely advantageous location, it has a collection of the world’s currents running through here, among them is a tributary of the River of Time. Thus, even though this is not a blessed land or grotto-heaven, it is a rare place to store treasure in the five regions.”


 “My Shadow Sect had already found out this tributary of the River of Time long ago, we made this arrangement on the island. We dug out the island’s interior and put an Immortal Gu House here, drawing strength from the River of Time to refine Gu. Thus, once in a while, Immortal Gu refine themselves.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a guess already, he could not help but ask: “Don’t tell me, this Immortal Gu House is the legendary Regret Pool?”


 Ying Wu Xie nodded before shaking his head: “This is only most of Regret Pool, even though we have Regret Pool’s greatest ability, the Gu refinement aspect, its attack and defense are horrible. Once it is placed, it cannot be moved.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and was shaking from excitement: “There are three great pools in this world, Heavenly Pool, Regret Pool, and Wine Pool, they are famous in the history of the five regions. To think that I can get to see Regret Pool today!”


 Hei Lou Lan was less well informed, she had less information regarding time path compared to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, she asked: “Refining Immortal Gu is extremely difficult, this Regret Pool is only an Immortal Gu House, it can refine so many Immortal Gu by itself?”


 Ying Wu Xie smiled and explained: “Regret Pool is a time path Immortal Gu House, its Gu refinement ability is both amazing and weak. When Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals refine Immortal Gu successfully here, we will leave an insignia behind. When the Immortal Gu is destroyed, Regret Pool can be activated, using the power of the tributary of the River of Time and the preserved insignia to refine the Immortal Gu again, the success rate is about fifty to sixty percent.”


 “Fifty to sixty percent?!” Hei Lou Lan was shocked by the extremely high chance of success.


 “There are flaws too. After succeeding in the Gu refinement, the insignia would vanish, Gu Immortals have to replenish it themselves. And if not for this hidden tributary of the River of Time, it would be too hard to activate this effect, it cannot be used much.” Ying Wu Xie added.


 Hei Lou Lan still had shock on her face, she looked at the Immortal Gu in front of her as she sighed, deeply moved: “Even so, it is very strong.”


 Ying Wu Xie laughed as he raised his head: “We are in a dangerous situation, you have all lost your Immortal Gu. The Immortal Gu here are compensation, pick what you want!”



***
Chapter 1104 - Treasure Yellow Heaven Opens!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Shadow Sect’s remnant forces were truly not simple!


 Right before Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, there were over a dozen Immortal Gu.


 But looking at these Immortal Gu, the joy on their faces faded gradually.


 “I have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, but there are no strength path Immortal Gu among these Immortal Gu...” Hei Lou Lan shook her head, she said with a regretful tone.


 “Sigh! Fang Yuan, you know that I cultivate time path, if I use these Immortal Gu...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in the same state, there were no time path Immortal Gu among these Immortal Gu.


 Most of the Immortal Gu were soul path.


 Shi Nu was silent, he was an earth path Gu Immortal, there were two Immortal Gu here which were earth path, but his original Immortal Gu were still around anyway.


 Ying Wu Xie nodded, the smile on his face did not fade.


 He knew that these were Immortal Gu that were destroyed during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. These last days, the Immortal Gu House Regret Pool had activated, using the insignias left behind and the tributary of the River of Time to refine these Immortal Gu again.


 Thus, most of them were soul path, there were time path ones, but the refinement had failed.


 As for strength path Immortal Gu, there were none.


 That Great Strength True Martial Physique immortal zombie, Da Li, was a rare cultivator of both wisdom and strength path, but when he refined strength path Immortal Gu, Shadow Sect had not yet built Regret Pool, he did not leave behind any insignia to refine Gu.


 “No problem. You are all worried about conflicting dao marks, I have a special method to allow you to cultivate another path, without having it clash with your original main path.”


 “There is such a thing?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stared with wide eyes that were almost popping out.


 Shi Nu’s emotionless face had also changed. This method was simply unheard of!


 Hei Lou Lan squinted her eyes, she was suspicious that Ying Wu Xie was trying to increase his control over them, she felt that this was a scheme.


 She spoke: “How can there be something as good as this? There has to be a downside, with such a special method, the drawback has to be severe?”


 Ying Wu Xie smiled: “I can assure you, there are no side effects.”


 He looked at Hei Lou Lan deeply, his gaze becoming darker.


 He had thought of Fang Yuan, feeling some gloominess.


 Compared to sovereign immortal fetus Gu, what was so surprising about having two non-conflicting paths? Shadow Sect had researched and created sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it could allow dao marks of all paths to coexist without any conflict between them.


 Inside the door of life and death, Spectral Soul had devoured the souls of countless Gu Immortals, obtaining an immense amount of cultivation experiences.


 Using a hundred thousand years to prepare, he had raised a multitude of paths to great grandmaster.


 Shadow Sect had the method to cultivate two paths since long ago, it was their initial version. At its final state, it was sovereign immortal fetus Gu!


 To refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Shadow Sect spent a hundred thousand years, using up the whole of the foundation of Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance, they even had to involve Spectral Soul’s main body to succeed.


 But even the best laid plans could go awry. Even though sovereign immortal fetus Gu was refined, at the final moment, Fang Yuan took the fruits of their labor.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was a one time consumable Gu, Fang Yuan had already used it, there was no sovereign immortal fetus Gu left in this world, it could theoretically be refined again.


 However, the cost and risk to refine a second one was too high. Even Ying Wu Xie did not have any confidence in it. Thus, sovereign immortal fetus Gu was essentially never going to appear again.


 “Unless I can capture Fang Yuan and use him as the main immortal material to reverse refine it!”


 “However, now is not the time to deal with him.”


 “I need to increase my strength, I need to gather the remnant forces in Eastern Sea and save my main body first!”


 Ying Wu Xie sighed internally, Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan had a score to settle, but he had his priorities. Now was not the time to fight against Fang Yuan.


 Time passed quickly.


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.


 Since Fang Yuan’s second earthly calamity, more than a month had passed.


 Treasure yellow heaven had still not opened, there were no changes.


 Fang Yuan’s plan of managing his immortal aperture was greatly affected, left with no choice, he could only try to cultivate while deducing, placing his focus on the chaotic scene in Northern Plains, he obtained information about the situation regarding the Hei Fan true inheritance.


 The earthly calamity occurred every two months. More than a month had passed already, in less than a month, Fang Yuan would face the third earthly calamity.


 Time in this world passed unceasingly.


 Fang Yuan could sense the third calamity already.


 What made Fang Yuan worried was: The third earthly calamity would be more dangerous than the second. And at the moment, his strength was not much higher than during the second earthly calamity.


 “If I can obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance, I can likely make use of the Immortal Gu to slow the rate of time in the immortal aperture. This way, not just the third earthly calamity, even against future calamities and tribulations, I would have a great advantage.”


 Fang Yuan obtained a lot of intel from Hei Cheng.


 The Hei Fan true inheritance was very impressive, it came from the rank eight time path great expert, Hei Fan. If he could obtain this true inheritance, he would be able to enter Hei Fan grotto-heaven, not only could he become the grotto-heaven’s owner, he could even obtain the time path Immortal Gu inside!


 Many Gu Immortal true inheritances only had Immortal Gu recipes and immortal killer moves, they lacked Immortal Gu. This was because the feeding of Immortal Gu was very difficult, it was hard for them to live for long, and to be inherited by successors.


 But Hei Fan true inheritance was different!


 Because the Immortal Gu that Hei Fan left behind were still in his immortal aperture.


 For ideal management of a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture, the first requirement would be that the immortal aperture satisfies the feeding requirements of their Immortal Gu.


 Gu Immortals like Hei Fan were like the rank eight Gu Immortal Yao Huang in the current Northern Plains, the management of his immortal aperture was definitely ideal.


 If Fang Yuan could obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance, his capabilities would rise drastically. Once he slows down the rate of time in the immortal aperture, the dangerous situation would be lifted temporarily, or even settled completely. He would not be in this current situation, like he was walking on a tightrope, if he was careless, he would end up dead.


 These last days, due to Lang Ya Sect, Fang Yuan gained a lot of intelligence regarding the chaos in Northern Plains.


 That was not to say that Lang Ya Sect was skilled at gathering intelligence. It was the opposite, because of the hairy man Gu Immortals’ identities, they could not obtain information easily, far inferior to the former Fairy Li Shan.


 The crucial reason was, Northern Plains’ chaos was too big, the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world was involved. Their conflict could be kept from mortals, but to Gu Immortals, nothing could be concealed at all!


 A lot of intelligence did not need to be looked into to be found, they were available openly.


 Even though Fang Yuan was in Lang Ya blessed land, he was very closely watching this situation.


 Hei tribe was bearing too big of a blame, they were in a moment of crisis, at the risk of facing extermination.


 Righteous path, demonic path, and lone immortals, all three factions were like hungry wolves coming at them.


 Looking at Northern Plains’ map, Hei tribe was at the southeast area of Northern Plains, they had a huge territory and controlled many resources.


 These resources attracted the greed of countless jackals.


 Initially, these wolves could still be restrained, but with immense benefits attracting them, demonic path Gu Immortals started to fight.


 The conflict between righteous and demonic continued to intensify.


 A notable event was the battle between Guan Shen Zhao and the Traveling Two Elites. Guan Shen Zhao was outnumbered, the two demonic path Gu Immortals managed to snatch the golden wheat field.


 Thereafter, large numbers of Gu Immortals joined in. With demonic path Gu Immortals like the Traveling Three Elites, Old Lu, Half Moon Brutemaster, and Zhuo Zhan, they competed over the resources of Hei tribe.


 The scene was chaotic, the righteous path were caught off guard by them.


 Gushing Spring Forest was faced with a destructive plunder under such a situation, Hei tribe’s hundreds of years of management had gone to waste.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals became increasingly alert, they started to coordinate.


 Even with competing for the fragment world of immemorial red heaven, it was such an important resource, yet they still restrained themselves and did not go all out.


 The Gu Immortal world had always been led by the righteous path.


 Particularly Northern Plains’ righteous path, they were all part of the Huang Jin family, they had the same origin.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals lost their momentum, but soon, as more than half of the resources were split among them, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, these rank seven Gu Immortals started appearing, causing another wave of chaos.


 For the first time, the demonic path was pushing back the righteous path.


 At the start, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were still defending their territories, but after experiencing some hardship, they gathered their remaining Gu Immortal battle strength and hid inside their headquarters, refusing to come out.


 This undoubtedly gave rise to the arrogance of the demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Besides that, there were other reasons.


 Like earlier, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had defeated Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, as a member of the demonic path, he became the top expert in Northern Plains.


 And most importantly, the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building caused Immortal Gu to fly around randomly, large numbers of demonic path and lone cultivator Gu Immortals benefited. Afterwards, Qin Bai Sheng held an auction, many Gu Immortals obtained Immortal Gu that were compatible to them, their battle strength rose drastically.


 This caused the powers of the whole of the demonic path and lone cultivator forces to rise, they were able to contend with the righteous path now.


 “I destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Imperial Court blessed land, in just a few years, this influence spread throughout Northern Plains. The current Northern Plains is already drastically different from the five hundred years of my previous life!”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 The situation in Northern Plains had completely changed because of him.


 The other regions were still fine. But in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan had lost most of his rebirth advantage.


 Of course, ever since he knew about heaven’s will, he had become quite suspicious regarding his so-called rebirth advantage.


 Fang Yuan waited patiently.


 Many resources in Hei tribe enticed him. But he did not take action. The most important resource in Hei tribe was the Hei Fan true inheritance. Fang Yuan could see this clearly.


 Some days later.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan obtained information that Northern Plains Gu Immortals were attacking Hei tribe’s headquarters.


 “The Hei Fan true inheritance is hidden in Hei tribe’s headquarters, it is time to act!”


 Fang Yuan immediately left, he was very resolute, using the transportation formation to leave Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya land spirit supported his actions.


 Because this was a good chance to observe Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, and become aware of all the respective forces’ strengths, if they were lucky, they could obtain a lot of benefits!


 Lang Ya land spirit did not dare to send Lang Ya Sect’s hairy man Gu Immortals over, but Fang Yuan was a human and he was very crafty, a very suitable person to go.


 Fang Yuan did the same thing again, the moment he appeared in Northern Plains, he used Dark Limit, familiar face, and other methods to conceal his identity.


 At the same time, he used sword escape Immortal Gu and blood torrent to travel rapidly.


 He moved very quickly, he encountered no trouble.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were mostly gathered in Hei tribe’s headquarters, this allowed Fang Yuan to travel unhindered.


 Not long later, Hei tribe’s headquarters was right in front of him.


 “Hei Fan true inheritance, I’m coming...” Fang Yuan thought to himself, but he did not expect that treasure yellow heaven had opened at this very moment!


 It was getting heated.


 Treasure yellow heaven’s reopening caused all of the Gu Immortals who were waiting patiently to burst out with enthusiasm.


 Fang Yuan stopped moving, he fell into great hesitation on whether he should continue or go back.


 He received a piece of information coming from treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan opened it and looked, it came from Chu Du!



***
Chapter 1105 - Hei Tribes Huge Battle (1\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Two days later.


 Blue skies and white clouds, the sun brightly shone in the sky. The surroundings were vast expanses of plains, one had unhindered vision.


 Two Gu Immortals from Yao tribe floated in the air, they did not conceal themselves, they showed themselves confidently to everyone.


 A female Gu Immortal, Yao Ju, had a round face, she smiled: “Today’s weather is great, my mood has gotten better because of it.”


 Beside her, another female Gu Immortal from Yao tribe, Yao Zi Han, also sighed: “The weather is great, we are in a good mood, but it is the opposite for Hei tribe.”


 Her eyes shined with purple light, looking down at the empty grassland below her with much interest.


 On the other side of the cloud, there were two male Gu Immortals sitting.


 Both of them were middle aged, they had thick beards, they wore armor and had exposed arms, bulging with muscles.


 Both of them were not wearing shoes, and their pants were very short, almost showing their knees.


 The only difference was, one of them had charcoal-black skin, while the other had dark yellow skin.


 These were distinctive of two members of another Huang Jin clan.


 It was Meng tribe!


 Meng Ji had dark yellow skin, he stared at the two female immortals from Yao tribe as he said: “That is Yao Zi Han, her eyes radiate purple light, that is because of Yao tribe’s signature killer move, purple jade eyes, this pair of eyes can see through blessed lands and grotto-heavens, Yao tribe has a clear awareness of the situation inside Iron Eagle blessed land.”


 Meng Si, on the other hand, looked up and called out: “No big deal. If we really compete, our fists will do the talking.”


 Saying so, he suddenly raised his head, looking towards the east.


 Only to see that aurora burst out in the east, golden light radiated as a beautiful palace flew over.


 “Gong tribe is here!”


 “Impressive, they even brought their tribe’s Immortal Gu House, Golden Dawn Hall, Gong tribe is very determined.”


 “Gong tribe has always been acting like this, they emphasize on extravagance, don’t bother about them!”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals conversed.


 Most of their attention was on Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Iron Eagle blessed land was the headquarters of Hei tribe, it was a public blessed land, placed in just one tiny spot, if the entrance was not open, the outside world could not observe it.


 Unless they had immortal killer moves similar to Yao Zi Han’s purple jade eyes.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were patiently waiting.


 According to what they knew, the demonic path Gu Immortals had already joined up and attacked.


 As it turned out, during this chaos in Northern Plain, a rank seven demonic path expert called Huang Di had interfered. He had high cultivation level, and had obtained the true inheritance of a legendary person in Northern Plains, the earth path great expert Di Lao.


 He had methods to attack the blessed land. Because Iron Eagle blessed land was a public blessed land, it was assembled together and did not have the defense of a normal blessed land.


 Demonic path Gu Immortal Huang Di went out first, bringing a bunch of demonic cultivators and lone immortals to attack.


 At some point, Iron Eagle blessed land was bound to collapse.


 That way, it would be full of loopholes, even if the entrance was not open, righteous path Gu Immortals could enter freely.


 “Everyone, I, Gong Er, would like to invite everyone to attack Hei tribe together.” Outside Gong tribe’s Immortal Gu House, Golden Dawn Hall, an old rank seven Gu Immortal dressed in a golden robe spoke.


 “It’s that old fellow Gong Er, our information was right, he indeed came.”


 “Hehe, Gong tribe wants to lead over everyone. If we enter their hall, he would definitely be the alliance leader.”


 “This is Gong tribe’s habit. But Gong tribe brought their Immortal Gu House here, they have the strongest power among us righteous path members.”


 “Who would be so foolish to let Gong tribe lead them?”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals sneered internally, nobody moved.


 Gong tribe was a Huang Jin tribe, a super force, their supreme elders had grand ambitions, wanting Gong tribe to be the leader of the righteous path. But among Huang Jin tribes, none would submit to each other.


 Earlier, Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had worked together but lost to Old Ancestor Xue Hu. The last remaining righteous path rank eight Gu Immortal was Prince Feng Xian, he was a member of Gong tribe.


 Gong tribe had been spreading news that only Prince Feng Xian could rival Old Ancestor Xue Hu, thus, they grew in boldness.


 Gong Er stood in front of the Immortal Gu House, he thought that he would be well received by the righteous path, but after a long time, nobody moved, there was not even any response or acknowledgment.


 Even though he was old and experienced, his expression could not help but turn ugly.


 “Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals greet senior Gong Er.” At this time, three Gu Immortal flew over, getting close to Gong Er.


 Among these three, the leader was a rank seven Gu Immortal, while the other two were rank six Gu Immortals.


 The three immortals were humble, they smiled and emanated warmth.


 Gong Er’s expression soothed, he felt that the three Gu Immortals from Bai Zu tribe were amicable, and now, he could save his face, quickly inviting these three immortals into Golden Dawn Hall.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals who saw this had complex expressions.


 Because Bai Zu tribe was not of the Huang Jin bloodline, they had just become a righteous path super force. This was due to the famous rank eight Gu Immortal Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a lone cultivator, but after the collapse of Imperial Court blessed land, he saw hope of creating his own super force.


 In the current Northern Plains, righteous path super forces were mostly Huang Jin tribes.


 To become a super force, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu got closer in his relationship with Yao Huang, working with him to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Even though they lost against him in a two against one.


 But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s goal was achieved.


 He gained Yao Huang’s friendship, and Yao tribe’s recognition, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could create his Bai Zu tribe with his bloodline descendants.


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were all nurtured inside Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s grotto-heaven. Even though there were few of them, right now, during these chaotic battles in Northern Plains, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sent three to participate.


 “Bai Zu tribe...”


 “Hmph, these Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals are as crafty as Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.”


 “We have differing viewpoints than Gong tribe, this caused Bai Zu tribe to gain benefits instead.”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were mostly part of the Huang Jin bloodline, they had dominated Northern Plains, even though there was internal conflict among them, they were more resistant towards ‘outsiders’ like Bai Zu tribe.


 “It is a pity that Bai Zu tribe is protected by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, we cannot touch them.”


 “Even so, we have many ways to deal with them, they want to establish a super force in Northern Plains, heh! It is not so easy...”


 At once, the righteous path Gu Immortals gathered and discussed on how to deal with Bai Zu tribe.


 Boom!


 The immortals had just started talking, before they had gone any further, they heard a loud explosion.


 Countless gazes looked down, they saw that on the grassland, space shattered like a broken mirror, the broken shards showed a gigantic expanse of scenery.


 The scene inside Iron Eagle blessed land was shown in front of everyone.


 Right now, killer moves like purple jade eyes were no longer needed, the immortals could see what was going on.


 All of the righteous path immortals’ attentions were drawn.


 Inside Iron Eagle blessed land, there was chaos.


 Large numbers of demonic path Gu Immortals were competing for Hei tribe’s resources and treasures. Some were looting, some were fighting aggressively.


 Crackle!


 Lightning shot everywhere, causing rocks to shatter and fly. Many deep pits were formed, they were charred black.


 Divine Lord Tian Du was covered in sparks as he shouted: “The lantern grass here is mine, who dares to compete with me?”


 Old Lu and the others looked at each other, they could see that their gazes were filled with much wariness.


 “Divine Lord Tian Du had gained two lightning path Immortal Gu, his battle strength rose drastically, we should retreat.”


 “That’s right, this place is filled with treasures, why must we compete with him?”


 These Gu Immortals were, without exception, all rank six bottom tier Gu Immortals, they quickly discussed this matter and left.


 At the other end.


 A desolate beast iron crown eagle cried out weakly, trampled by a boar.


 There was a demonic path Gu Immortal on the boar’s back, he was burly and wearing armor, he held a pair of bronze hammers as he said smugly: “You are just a lowly beast, you dare to sneak attack me?”


 Saying this, his expression suddenly froze, he looked towards the east.


 A peacock was flying over, immortal aura emanated as it spoke clear human language: “Zhuo Zhan.”


 “Oh, It is Fairy He Ruo!”Zhuo Zhan’s expression changed, he smiled and tried to leave a good impression on her.


 Peacock Flying Immortal He Ruo, rank six transformation path Gu Immortal.


 “Trade the desolate beast under your feet with mine? I have just captured a desolate beast shadowless horse.” He Ruo suggested.


 Zhuo Zhan’s eyes flashed with brilliance, he quickly nodded: “Sure, let’s trade! I am very willing to accede to fairy’s request, hehehe.”


 At another end.


 Wind was intertwining like willows, it could be seen with the naked eye.


 Gusts of wind was moving about continuously.


 A figure descended from the sky, he said with agitation: “To think that a rank seven immortal material, green jade wind, is here.”


 It was the rank seven Gu Immortal expert Pi Shui Han.


 “Brother Pi, this immortal material is mine, go elsewhere.” A figure appeared as well, it was a scholar with graceful and elegant bearing.


 Pi Shui Han’s pupils shrunk, he said coldly: “So it is you, Unfettered Scholar.”


 Unfettered Scholar smiled calmly, he was also a rank seven expert, his reputation and abilities were not inferior to Pi Shui Han.


 “Last time in Tai Qiu, we did not decide a victor, let’s fight now!” Pi Shui Han took the initiative to request for a battle.


 Unfettered Scholar’s smile faded: “I heard that Brother Pi has created a new immortal killer move, let me take a good look at it.”


 ...


 All sorts of situations were occurring, the righteous path Gu Immortals were watching them unfold.


 “Because of the demonic path Gu Immortal Huang Di, these demonic scoundrels had the initiative.”


 “No need to worry, Iron Eagle blessed land has a special structure, it is famous for nurturing desolate beast iron crown eagles. There is little ground in there, but the sky is huge and vast. The truly valuable thing are those round ball wooden eagle nests.”


 “Hmph, simply a rabble. Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals have not shown themselves yet, the core resources have not even been uncovered, but they are already fighting among themselves.”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were ready to strike.


 But at this moment, a figure shot down at lightning speed, he was so fast, in an instant, he entered Iron Eagle blessed land.


 “Who is he? He has sword path cultivation.”


 “It is a junior from Nian Er tribe. I think his name is Nian Er Ping Zhi!”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals were shocked, this person had been concealed, he did not interact with any of the other immortals.


 “Who is it?” In the blessed land, Qing Xuan Zi sensed something, he raised his head and called out.


 Sword light flashed across at an incredible speed!


 Qing Xuan Zi was beheaded.


 “The person who killed you, Nian Er Ping Zhi.” Sword light flashed by as a voice could be heard.



***
Chapter 1106 - Hei Tribe’s Huge Battle (2\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Qing Xuan Zi might only have rank six cultivation level, but he had undergone a heavenly tribulation already. Yet he could not put up any resistance and was killed by Nian Er Ping Zhi instantly.


 At once, the expressions of the righteous path Gu Immortals who were not fighting changed.


 Qing Xuan Zi’s head fell to the floor, separated from his body.


 The headless corpse was spewing out blood as it twitched continuously.


 Qing Xuan Zi had died with his eyes wide open.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi’s sword light continued to shoot forward, moving with imposing aura.


 “The next one dead is you.” Nian Er Ping Zhi said lightly, his clear voice resonated in the sky.


 The second unlucky person was also a demonic path Gu Immortal.


 But Nian Er Ping Zhi had already revealed himself, such disturbance could not be hidden.


 Thus, the demonic path Gu Immortal did better than Qing Xuan Zi, he managed to retreat for a while before Nian Er Ping Zhi caught up to him and killed him in one strike.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals’ expressions changed again.


 A Gu Immortal from Liu tribe, Liu Zhuan Shen, smiled towards the sky: “Nian Er Fu, this person is the newest generation Sword Child from your Nian Er tribe?”


 Bam.


 Fog and smoke burst out, there was a voice that came from within.


 This was a rank seven Gu Immortal, but from his appearance, he was very young, resembling a fat five or six year old boy.


 The fat boy chuckled, he looked around sneakily, answering in a mature tone: “Indeed. This lad obtained the Sword Saint true inheritance, and was kept in the tribe by my first supreme elder for ten years. Therefore, when he came out for the first time now, he is excited to this frenzied degree.”


 Liu Zhuan Shen and the others’ expressions changed mildly, they transmitted to each other.


 “Sword Saint Nian Er, we were still discussing it earlier, this person was a rank eight Gu Immortal of Nian Er tribe. He was like Hei Fan in history, leading Nian Er tribe to become among the forefront of the righteous path in Northern Plains.”


 “Sword Sword Saint Nian Er was a prodigy, he had once cultivated light path, but switched to sword path successfully. After he died, he left behind the Sword Saint true inheritance, it has an extremely difficult and deadly test, it is rare to have actual inheritors for it.”


 “It is said that this Sword Saint true inheritance is split into three portions. After the first round, and obtaining the first portion of the Sword Saint true inheritance, one will be known as the Sword Child.”


 “To think that after three hundred years, a new Sword Child true inheritor appeared in Nian Er tribe!”


 Wariness rose in the righteous path Gu Immortals.


 If this person is allowed to continue developing, in the future, he will definitely be an active person among the Northern Plains righteous path. If he can progress and become rank seven, if he passes the second round and inherits the second portion of the true inheritance, he will become the Swordmaster true inheritor, nobody in the whole of Northern Plains would dare to look down on him.


 In fact, the Sword Child with just rank six cultivation was already a force to be reckoned with.


 In just a short time, he had once again killed another demonic path Gu Immortal!


 Nian Er Ping Zhi roared with enthusiasm, he was extremely confident. He moved quickly, being one with his sword, only sword light could be seen darting around, his body was a blur.


 Sword light changed directions, towards the closest demonic path Gu Immortal.


 Sword light penetrated the demonic path Gu Immortal’s body, but he showed a cold smile: “Junior, just because you killed a few weaklings, you gained the courage to challenge me this brazenly?”


 Old Monster Corpse Poison said this as purple smoke rose up from his terrifying injuries.


 The purple smoke dissipated, healing his body.


 But Nian Er Ping Zhi’s sword light shattered, revealing his true appearance.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi’s appearance could finally be seen, he had sharp brows and clear eyes, he was a handsome young lad.


 Blech...


 He suddenly covered his mouth with his hand, but he could not stop the purple poisonous blood from flowing out of his mouth and nose.


 “Fight me again!” Nian Er Ping Zhi was heavily injured, but his eyes were burning with flames of enthusiasm.


 “Then I will kill you before seeking the treasure here.” Old Monster Corpse Poison smiled sinisterly.


 “Hehe, youngsters these days, they are truly fearless and ignorant.” Nian Er Fu took a glance before retracting his gaze.


 Next, his figure disappeared in the air, before appearing beside Qing Xuan Zi’s corpse at the next moment.


 Nian Er Fu stretched out his fat little arm, waving at Qing Xuan Zi’s corpse.


 Immediately, Qing Xuan Zi’s body and head was held up by a formless force, flying into Nian Er Fu’s immortal aperture.


 “Youngsters are so energetic, they don’t even want their loot. This is a Gu Immortal’s corpse, even though his Immortal Gu cannot be obtained, all of his dao marks are still here. Hehehe...” Nian Er Fu shook his head.


 Even though he was a rank seven Gu Immortal senior, he was a greedy person, even when Nian Er Ping Zhi and Old Monster Corpse Poison were fighting, engaging in a tough battle, he did not help but instead, he was taking the Gu Immortal corpse that Nian Er Ping Zhi had left behind.


 “Die! Die!”


 “This is mine, nobody should try to take it from me.”


 “I, Meng Ji, am here, who dares to fight me?!”


 ...


 The scene was getting more chaotic, because after Nian Er Ping Zhi attacked, the other righteous path Gu Immortals also started taking action, entering Iron Eagle blessed land. This way, all sorts of conflicts rose up, battles occurred over all sorts of resources.


 The cries of eagles could be heard continuously.


 A desolate beast peacock raised its head, showing a deep human emotion of desire in its eyes.


 This was naturally the Peacock Flying Immortal He Ruo.


 “So many iron crown eagles! Hei tribe’s Iron Eagle blessed land truly lives up to its name.” He Ruo thought: “If I can enslave all of these desolate beasts...”


 Iron Eagle blessed land had less space on the ground and much more in the sky. The resources on the ground were much less valuable than the ones in the sky.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals did not show themselves, but they had mobilized all of their iron crown eagles, sealing the sky.


 Large numbers of desolate beast iron crown eagles flew in the sky, anyone who trespassed was assaulted intensely by them!


 Because of this, most of the demonic path Gu Immortals chose to take action on the ground, they wanted to first obtain the resources on the ground.


 A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.


 To He Ruo, the iron crown eagles held immense attraction.


 Because in her cultivation plan, her next transformation was the iron crown eagle transformation!


 The desolate beast peacock flew in the sky, it was fast, in a moment, He Ruo attracted the attention of several iron crown eagles.


 He Ruo was alert internally, she quickly retreated from the iron crown eagles that she lured.


 She was alone, she could not fight so many desolate beast iron crown eagles.


 She planned to lure one away and fight it alone, slowly capturing it.


 ...


 “This is affinity wood?” Murong Qing Si landed, looking at the rootless tree growing in the pond, her eyes shone brightly.


 “Fairy Murong, you are very perceptive, that is it.” A lone cultivator Gu Immortal answered.


 He was named Yun Liang, known as Cloud Gentleman, he had arrived before Murong Qing Si, he was concentrating on collecting the affinity wood here.


 Murong Qing Si saw that Cloud Gentleman Yun Liang was taking action, she did not obstruct him, she only watched quietly.


 She patiently waited until Yun Liang succeeded in keeping all of the affinity wood.


 “I am ashamed for making fairy wait.” Cloud Gentleman Yun Liang said with a polite and warm attitude.


 Murong Qing Si smiled: “To tell the truth, this affinity wood is only a rank six immortal material, but it is very suitable for me. I wonder if we can spar and...”


 Cloud Gentleman smiled, before Murong Qing Si finished her words, he said: “Affinity wood is very fragile, the collection process cannot have any interference. Fairy, if not for your patience, how could I have obtained it? We can spar, if you win, I will hand all of the affinity wood to you.”


 Murong Qing Si shook her head: “No need for everything, I only need half.”


 “Fairy, please.”


 “Gentleman, please.”


 The two fought without using their true strength, a victor was not decided.


 Cloud Gentleman Yun Liang gave half of the affinity wood to Murong Qing Si, both of them left with satisfaction.


 The vast majority of righteous path Gu Immortals conducted themselves with a lot of self restraint and politeness.


 Nian Er tribe’s Nian Er Ping Zhi and Nian Er Fu were exceptions among the righteous path.


 Even though righteous path was flourishing in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, suppressing the demonic path and lone immortals, the righteous path Gu Immortals who came just now could not match the numbers of the demonic path and lone immortals.


 The reason was: The rest of the Huang Jin tribes had their own territories and resources to defend. Even though the righteous path had many Gu Immortals, they had to guard different places, only these people could be sent out in the end.


 In contrast, the demonic path and lone cultivators did not have such problems.


 There was another reason, the super forces had huge assets, they had mortal forces under them. They were quite tolerant towards lone demonic immortals and lone immortals. As long as their benefits were not touched, they would not fight it out.


 Gu Immortals were not easy to kill, if a grudge was established, they would go and attack their territories, it would be a huge headache even for super forces.


 As the saying goes, he who is down need not fear falling.


 On the other side, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han had decided a victor.


 Pi Shui Han had a brand new immortal killer move, but he could not compete against Unfettered Scholar’s trademark killer move — Thousand Disintegrations.


 Pi Shui Han snorted, directly leaving without hesitation.


 It was not worth going all out just for some simple resources.


 Even though demonic path Gu Immortals were free, they often worked alone, when calamities and tribulations descended, they had to rely on themselves, they were not like righteous path forces with Gu Immortals in their tribes to rely on, and seek help from.


 Thus, demonic path Gu Immortals and lone immortals were very wary of their calamities and tribulations, they often calculated the cost of fighting, it was okay to fight over resources, but if the immortal essence expenditure was too high, they would not proceed with a losing deal!


 In the sky of Iron Eagle blessed land, the Immortal Gu House Golden Dawn Hall was still floating at the original spot, shining with dazzling golden light.


 Gu Immortals of Gong tribe and Bai Zu tribe had not acted, they were talking inside the hall.


 Gong tribe’s Gong Er was already anxious, but he showed nothing on his expression, mentioning casually: “Everyone is fighting over Iron Eagle blessed land’s resources on the ground, there is barely anything left. Is your tribe not going in yet?”


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals looked at each other, shaking their heads and smiling: “The precious resources inside Iron Eagle blessed land are in the sky. Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals have not appeared yet, the battle is just in the middle stage now.”


 Gong Er was amazed and surprised.


 Even though this Bai Zu tribe was in the righteous path now, protected by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, its foundation could not compare to the Huang Jin tribes.


 At this moment, Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were acting calm and composed, with no anxiousness or hastiness at all, it was truly confusing.



***
Chapter 1107 - Hei Tribe’s Huge Battle (3\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Fourth one!” Peacock Flying Immortal He Ruo took down another iron crown eagle, she was feeling very happy.


 Desolate beasts were not common.


 In the Northern Plains’ ten great fierce areas, desolate beasts lived in groups, few Gu Immortals dared to venture into them.


 And wild iron crown eagles and the ones Hei tribe nurtured had different battle strength.


 And because Peacock Flying Immortal had good battle tactics, she made great gains, capturing four iron crown eagles.


 “Hei tribe is famous for raising iron crown eagles, I really wonder how they did manage to raise so many iron crown eagles here?” He Ruo sighed as she looked towards the sky.


 There were still large numbers of iron crown eagles flying in the sky. They were a huge group, He Ruo capturing four was nothing to the group.


 “Strange... Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals had not appeared since the beginning. Even after I captured four iron crown eagles, they are not going to care?”


 He Ruo was wary, she was not overwhelmed by happiness over victory.


 Suddenly, there was a loud sound!


 A figure clad in wind and lightning rushed towards the eagle group.


 He Ruo’s pupils shrunk, she recognized this person: “It is Nu Er Gu! Heh, they are in for trouble.”


 Nu Er Gu came from Nu Er tribe, part of the Huang Jin bloodline, and a super force.


 Nu Er Gu had a small head and big belly, his body was disproportional, his eyeballs were popping out, while his limbs were dry as twigs, he had pale skin resembling a sick person, without any hint of pinkness on his face.


 But looks were deceiving, he was a famous expert among rank seven Gu Immortals, he was on the same level as Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han in the demonic path.


 Nu Er Gu’s charge angered the iron crown eagle group.


 At once, more than fifty iron crown eagles charged towards him.


 Nu Er Gu was shocked, he did not expect that he would draw so much attention.


 The eagle group attacked, casting huge shadows and shrouded Nu Er Gu’s vision.


 In the moment of crisis, Nu Er Gu used his signature immortal killer move.


 His body inflated rapidly, expanding to six times of the original, making Nu Er Gu look like a highly pregnant woman.


 Nu Er Gu stretched out his hand, patting his belly.


 Boom!


 A loud sound with huge sound waves caused the eagle group’s movement to halt.


 Boom boom boom!


 Three huge sounds were made, sound waves spread out one after another, the eagle group’s momentum was interrupted, their formation became messy and disorganized.


 Nu Er Gu growled, as the surrounding iron crown eagles instantly felt dizzy.


 Next, he flew rapidly away from the gaps between these eagles, getting out of their encirclement.


 The eagle group chased for a while, before returning to their original spot.


 Nu Er Gu had already landed on the ground, he was sweating as he looked at the sky, his belly had shrunk already, but he still felt some lingering fear.


 On one side, one voice could be heard: “Nu Er Gu, why are you so pathetic?”


 Nu Er Gu looked over, he saw that the person was over eight feet tall, he had bright red pupils and dark blue skin, with purple hair and sharp fangs.


 Nu Er Gu snorted coldly: “Enough sarcasm, Guan Chou! If you have guts, charge in like me.”


 Guan Chou snickered: “Two fists cannot rival four palms, I am not as stupid as you.”


 “You!” Nu Er Gu was furious, he stared at Guan Chou, his eyes spewing fire.


 Guan Chou laughed coldly, staring at him fearlessly.


 Nu Er Gu was a famous righteous path rank seven expert, cultivating sound path. Guan Chou was not weaker than him, he cultivated transformation path. The two were Gu Immortals from Guan tribe and Nu Er tribe respectively, they had an equally strong background.


 “As expected of a famous expert, even though he looked troubled, he is unharmed.” He Ruo saw everything, she quickly retracted her gaze.


 “Nu Er Gu is here, and Guan Chou’s attention is also on these iron crown eagles. This means that the resources on the ground are mostly taken already.” He Ruo quietly retreated.


 She was only a demonic path Gu Immortal with rank six cultivation level, she did not dare to get too close to these two righteous path experts.


 Iron Eagle blessed land’s battle continued to rage like wildfire, all sorts of battles of different scales were unfolding.


 Some battles ended with a winner and a loser, while other battles involved deaths.


 Some made great gains, while some escaped with heavy injuries.


 On the ground of the blessed land, resources were dwindling. Some bottom tier Gu Immortals were eliminated, either dead or injured, some wisely chose to retreat, while others had methods to preserve their lives, they hid somewhere and observed the situation quietly.


 More and more Gu Immortals placed their focus in the sky.


 Countless greedy gazes swept through the iron crown eagle group in the sky. As well as the hidden round ball wooden eagle nests that were concealed by the eagle group.


 The scale of the eagle group was huge, this was the accumulation of Hei tribe after countless years, they had expended so much time, effort, and fortune into it! These were among the most valuable resources in Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Even people like Nu Er Gu could not block the attacks of the iron crown eagles.


 The number was too great!


 Of course, it was also because Nu Er Gu was unwilling to waste immortal essence.


 His goldfish eyes looked down, seeing more and more Gu Immortals, he shouted: “There are too many iron crown eagles, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals have not shown themselves yet, we should all go ahead and split up this eagle group among ourselves!”


 “I concur!” Unfettered Scholar was the first to respond.


 The two were in the righteous path and demonic path respectively, but in this situation, they came to a consensus — they should first deal with the eagle group and get the benefits.


 The eagle group was huge, there were many Gu Immortals, if they worked together, these iron crown eagles were meat on the chopping block.


 Someone struck first, causing the start of the battle between immortals and eagles.


 Huge attacks were unleashed, driving intense fights.


 Eagles screeched shrilly, while humans were also yelling loudly.


 Attacks of all elements were shot out, lightning flashed as golden lights flickered.


 Outside the blessed land, Gong Er sat inside the Golden Dawn Hall, looking down. In his vision, there were rainbow colored fireworks that covered the whole sky. But there was intense killing intent in the fireworks, at times, iron crown eagles died, their bodies were cut into pieces, while some iron crown eagles were also captured.


 Gong Er’s eyes shined.


 Scenes of battles between the righteous path, demonic path, and lone immortals were secretly recorded by him using hidden Gu worms.


 This was precious intelligence!


 Ever since the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, large numbers of Immortal Gu were obtained by Northern Plains Gu Immortals. After Qin Bai Sheng held the auction, Gu Immortals obtained the resources they wanted. After some time of adapting, many Gu Immortals gained new methods, their battle strengths had increased drastically.


 Gu Immortals who were doing the same thing as Gong Er were not few in number.


 Everyone had the same intention.


 Intelligence was very important.


 Be it other super forces or lone Gu Immortals, in most cases, knowing what Immortal Gu your opponent had meant that you could find a way to counter them. Even if you did not have any ways to do so, it was still good to be on guard against them.


 Gu Immortals fought the iron crown eagles as they observed, collecting information.


 Underneath the intense battles were undercurrents of plots and schemes.


 Gu Immortals were assessing themselves and their enemies, confirming their status in the current Gu Immortal world. After this period of cultivation, did they get stronger or weaker relative to others? Who could be bullied, while who could not be trifled with?


 Iron crown eagles were just the material gain at present, while information was a long term gain.


 Gong Er watched for a while, feeling more and more impatient.


 The three Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals beside him had not moved at all since the battle in Hei tribe’s headquarters started.


 Just now, he brought Gong tribe’s Golden Dawn Hall in order to gain great benefits, that was the only way to make this trip worth it.


 Gong Er could not stand it anymore, he pointed down, telling the Gu Immortals that came with him: “Iron Eagle blessed land is taking damage, there are over a thousand flaws created. But now, not a single Hei tribe Gu Immortal has appeared, this is very strange. Go down and assist our comrades, and preempt Hei tribe’s scheme. We of Gong tribe are the leaders of the righteous path, we have to defend our allies.”


 “Yes.” The two Gong tribe Gu Immortals immediately acted.


 The three Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals sat there inwardly laughing to themselves.


 The outcome of this Hei tribe battle was decided from the beginning. Even if something strange happened, there was no danger. Gong tribe’s Gu Immortals acted like this out of their own interests, they had selfish motives, but they still wanted to pretend to be grand and selfless.


 At the same time, at the highest area of Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were gathered, they looked at the battle, they had heavy feelings and ugly expressions.


 “Why is he not acting yet?”


 “At this stage, he has not done anything yet. Don’t tell me, our agreement has been canceled?”


 Some Hei tribe Gu Immortals asked this, feeling uneasy.


 “He had already agreed, with his status, he will not go back on the agreement.”


 “Let’s watch first. We set up three layers of defense, the iron crown eagle group is only the first.”


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder and second supreme elder spoke, calming the immortals.


 He Ruo transformed into a desolate beast peacock, spreading her wings and fighting with three iron crown eagles.


 This was just a small part of the huge battlefield, and she was just an insignificant Gu Immortal among countless others.


 In the absence of rank eight, rank seven experts were the strongest, some rank six experts were attempting to gain benefits along the periphery.


 Suddenly, there was a weird fragrance!


 He Ruo’s heart jumped, she quickly held her breath.


 “I’m poisoned!” Sensing this, He Ruo quickly used her healing Gu worms.


 Three iron crown eagles cried out, in an instant, they could not exert any strength anymore, they fell to the ground weakly.


 A figure flew into the sky, capturing these three iron crown eagles and stuffing them inside his immortal aperture.


 It was Old Monster Corpse Poison!


 He laughed sinisterly, purple gas coiling around him. After collecting the three iron crown eagles, he looked at He Ruo with an evil grin.


 He Ruo’s heart shook, she felt her body turning cold.


 “Hehehe, young lady, come with me.” Old Monster Corpse Poison breathed out air towards He Ruo.


 He Ruo had just suppressed the poison in her body, when she suddenly lost control of her body, she felt weak and fell towards the ground after Old Monster Corpse Poison blew at her from a distance.


 “I was too greedy! I wanted to obtain more iron crown eagles and placed too much of my attention on them, neglecting the surroundings and being sneak attacked by Old Monster Corpse Poison!” Seeing that she was about to be captured by Old Monster Corpse Poison, He Ruo felt deep despair.


 At this moment, a sword light flew over.


 The sword light was fast as lightning, it boldly pierced through Old Monster Corpse Poison’s body, before turning into Nian Er Ping Zhi a hundred steps away.


 Old Monster Corpse Poison was bursting with rage: “Little rascal, you are still finding trouble with me!”



***
Chapter 1108 - Tragic


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Because of his interruption, He Ruo managed to suppress her poison and quickly escaped, regaining freedom.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi’s body was tattered, one of his arms was corroded until only bones were left, his face was turning purple, he was deeply poisoned.


 But he raised his head and looked at Old Monster Corpse Poison, saying arrogantly: “You cannot leave until a victor is decided.”


 Old Monster Corpse Poison was furious, but within his anger, there was also regret.


 Why did he attract this psycho?


 “Every Sword Child in each generation is crazy. But this one is crazier than the rest.” Far away, Nian Er Fu shook his head, waving his fat little arms.


 An iron crown eagle screeched in fear, it flapped its arms desperately, trying to escape, but with the power of space path, the iron crown eagle vanished, entering Nian Er Fu’s immortal aperture without resistance!


 Old Monster Corpse Poison’s method was vicious, he attacked Nian Er Ping Zhi, but most of his attention was still kept on Nian Er Fu secretly.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi had rank six cultivation level, even though he inherited a portion of the Sword Saint true inheritance, he was not the match of a rank seven expert like Old Monster Corpse Poison.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi could survive until now because Nian Er Fu had been assisting him from a distance all along.


 Nian Er Fu was a space path Gu Immortal, he had a deep cultivation level, with countless methods at his disposal. He was looting resources all over the place, gaining a huge fortune, while protecting Nian Er Ping Zhi, preventing Old Monster Corpse Poison from dealing a fatal blow.


 Old Monster Corpse Poison felt more and more regret.


 Right now was a precious opportunity that one would not see in a hundred years, but he was fighting with a Gu Immortal here, while others were looting resources all over the place.


 Old Monster Corpse Poison was famous and had a deep background. He had once joined Zombie Alliance as a living person, before betraying them later on. Northern Plains Zombie Alliance tried to capture him, but failed each time.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi and Old Monster Corpse Poison fought, the battle getting more and more heated as time passed, even though he could not win, he had become famous from the fight.


 From now on, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world would know that Nian Er tribe had produced such an incredible genius!


 Actually, Gu Immortals from other super forces would not offend a demonic path Gu Immortal so thoroughly.


 But Nian Er tribe was different.


 This Huang Jin bloodline tribe was different from the other Huang Jin super tribes — their tribesmen lived in blessed lands or grotto-heavens, they did not occupy any territory in the outside world of Northern Plains.


 This way, they had little reservations.


 Even if a demonic path Gu Immortal wanted to attack them, they could not.


 After all, there were few methods to enter immortal apertures. Even if one could get in, they would be in the enemy’s territory, they would lose a lot of their advantage inside.


 “Youth is really wondrous.” Nian Er Fu sighed, he spoke with an aged tone, but he had the appearance of a chubby boy, it was a really weird sight.


 Only Old Monster Corpse Poison could feel his terrifying power.


 During this battle, Nian Er Fu had already attacked dozens of times, not only did he save Nian Er Ping Zhi’s life, he even successfully injured Old Monster Corpse Poison secretly a few times.


 After capturing several iron crown eagles again, Nian Er Fu’s field of vision was cleared.


 A huge round ball wooden eagle nest was floating in the air, without any defense.


 “I had heard of Hei tribe having this special rearing method, they use some sort of metal or ore, immortal materials that could increase the rate of the iron crown eagles’ reproduction, and speeding up the rate of their growth. What kinds of precious immortal materials would be in this nest?”


 Nian Er Fu was about to move, when his expression suddenly froze.


 A figure moved like the raging winds, flying out of the nest before him, rapidly leaving towards the horizon.


 Demonic path Gu Immortal Hui Feng Zi!


 This was a rank seven wind path expert, publicly recognized as the fastest person in Northern Plains, even Yao Huang could not stop him. He had first joined Shadow Sect, before submitting to Heavenly Court, his identity as a traitor had not been exposed yet.


 In a situation filled with chaos, Hui Feng Zi could act freely like the wind.


 Not only was he fast, he was agile, he displayed the greatest advantage of wind path to its limit.


 Soon, Nian Er Fu saw that Hui Feng Zi easily passed through countless obstacles, entering another eagle nest.


 “Sigh, this lad is simply blocking me from my fortune!” Nian Er Fu gazed at Nian Er Ping Zhi, sighing loudly at the sky.


 The battle between humans and eagles came to an end.


 The number of iron crown eagles decreased, all of the round ball wooden eagle nests were invaded by Gu Immortals.


 “Good, good, good! It is the rank seven immortal material domination copper!” Gu Immortal Shi Hou cheered, he had made great gains.


 “This damned Hui Feng Zi, he dares to snatch what is mine!” Meng Ji was furious, he stared fixedly at Hui Feng Zi who was flying away.


 Hui Feng Zi did not speak, but he felt very troubled: He did not touch that eagle nest. It seemed that someone who had already sneaked in made him take the blame for their actions!


 Within the round ball wooden eagle nests, there were rank seven immortal materials in each one, either metals or ores, and they were huge in quantity.


 Gu Immortals made great gains, they expressed joy on their faces.


 This was simply a feast, they were looting all of Hei tribe’s hard work. The stronger the Gu Immortal, the greater the gains, the law of the jungle in the Gu Immortal world was displayed here in full view.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were deadly silent.


 They looked at the round ball wooden eagle nests that were fuming with smoke, some had fallen to the ground, some were incredibly damaged, spinning in the air.


 These nests were the pride of Hei tribe, the symbol of their strength. But now, they were trampled and snatched away.


 Anger.


 Indignance.


 Hatred.


 Fear.


 All sorts of emotions were in these Hei tribe Gu Immortals, they almost could not breathe.


 “Enough!” A Hei tribe Gu Immortal stood up abruptly.


 He had a huge body, he looked around with an angry gaze, fixing it on first supreme elder: “When are we going to wait until? You are counting on him? Can’t you see? He had agreed to us on purpose, so that we would not keep the resources according to the agreement, we are trapped inside the blessed land and cannot leave.”


 “This is a scheme, he is toying with us! Everyone, where is your courage? Are you not angry? Don’t you feel hatred? Will we sit here and wait for death, or go out and fight like courageous heroes? This is our home! But now, these outsiders are plundering and destroying it!!”


 “Tie Sheng...” Second supreme elder had a complex expression, he called out to this furious Hei tribe Gu Immortal.


 “First supreme elder, say something!” Hei Tie Sheng stared at Hei tribe’s first supreme elder with an indomitable gaze.


 Everyone also looked at first supreme elder.


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder was silent for a while before saying: “In this situation, resources are just external things, so what if we give them up? If we do not receive his help, we will have no place in the whole of Northern Plains! We will wait and see.”


 Hei Tie Sheng heard this and his body shook, he took in a deep breath, stabilizing his body. He did not feel rage now, just intense sorrow.


 “Seniors, in my humble opinion, I think that Lord Hei Tie Sheng is right.” This time, a rank six Gu Immortal from Hei tribe spoke.


 “I have the same opinion.”


 “If we do not fight now, when will we wait until?”


 “The worst case is death anyway!”


 More and more Hei tribe Gu Immortals stood up.


 Hei Tie Sheng saw this and felt a strong surge in confidence, his gaze regained its sharpness.


 “You...” Second supreme elder was shocked.


 First supreme elder remained silent.


 Hei Tie Sheng suddenly laughed loudly: “Three layers of defense? Even if we have thirty layers of defense, what can we do in this situation? Go! Let’s face these enemies! How can Hei tribe’s glory be tarnished? Hei tribe’s resources are not so easy to take! They will pay with blood and their lives!”


 Hei Tie Sheng took huge steps forward, he turned around and left the hall.


 Seven Hei tribe Gu Immortals said nothing, but they followed him with firm expressions.


 “First supreme elder, won’t you talk to them...” Third supreme elder was uneasy.


 “Forget it, forget it, let them go.” First supreme elder sighed, he seemed to have aged by a hundred years.


 Hei tribe’s first layer of defense was broken already, the iron crown eagles were either dead, injured, or captured, none were left.


 The Gu Immortals flew up higher into the sky, seeing dragon eagles.


 A large number of dragon eagles formed the second line of defense.


 “So many dragon eagles!” Someone’s eyes flashed.


 “Even though the dragon eagles are not as numerous as the iron crown eagles, they are still a huge fortune!” Someone critiqued.


 Some impatient Gu Immortals had already started attacking.


 The Gu Immortals gasped, some were surprised, they found something strange.


 “These dragon eagles are not normal.”


 “That’s right, I’ve interacted with desolate beast dragon eagles before, how can they be so hard to deal with?”


 “These dragon eagles have stronger vitality and faster speed, is that rumor from long ago true after all?”


 The immortals were reminded by this, fifty to sixty years ago, there were rumors in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world that Hei tribe had obtained a huge breakthrough in nurturing the dragon eagles, they created a brand new species of desolate eagles, they looked like dragon eagles, but were different.


 “These are not dragon eagles, they are resonance eagles. These eagles were not created by Hei tribe, they were the fruits of my Qiao tribe’s labor!” A Gu Immortal said with much anguish.


 Everyone looked over, it was Qiao Dong.


 He was a righteous path Gu Immortal, the first supreme elder of Qiao tribe.


 Qiao tribe was a subordinate of Hei tribe, long ago, Qiao tribe had wanted to leave Hei tribe, and were taught a lesson by Hei Cheng, who went to pressure them.


 No wonder Qiao tribe and Hei tribe had a conflict, there was lots of hidden background information!


 The immortals had differing expressions, but they said nothing about this.


 The law of the jungle was very common after all.


 This Qiao Dong could become an immortal because of Hei tribe’s support. Now that Hei tribe was in trouble, he joined in and attacked Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Most righteous path Gu Immortals, the supreme elders of the Huang Jin tribes, looked towards Qiao Dong with coldness and animosity.


 They did not like people who bit the hand that fed them.


 But behind Qiao Dong, there was Liu tribe’s Gu Immortal, Liu Zhuan Shen.


 With a single glance, it was obvious that Qiao Dong was now under Liu tribe.


 Liu tribe and Hei tribe had a poor relationship, Qiao tribe was a subordinate of Hei tribe, but now that Hei tribe was going down, Qiao Dong went over to Liu tribe, it was not strange.


 “This traitor deserves death!”


 At this moment, a thunderous voice came from afar!



***
Chapter 1109 - Hmph!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 No sooner said than done!


 A shadow resembling a mountain crashed towards Qiao Dong.


 In an instant, Qiao Dong was immobilized, he could only scream: “Elder Liu, save me!”


 Liu Zhuan Shen swiftly appeared in front of Qiao Dong, his body shone with white light, causing all of the darkness to fade away.


 “Hei Tie Sheng, with me here, you cannot harm Qiao Dong.” Liu Zhuan Shen looked at the person with intense battle intent.


 The Gu Immortals started stirring.


 Be it the dragon eagles or resonance eagles, they were not important.


 The important thing was, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals had finally acted!


 With the rank seven Gu Immortal Hei Tie Sheng as the leader, seven rank six Gu Immortals followed behind him, standing before the immortals.


 Hei Tie Sheng looked around, before his gaze fixed on Liu Zhuan Shen, he snickered, asking: “Is that so?”


 Liu Zhuan Shen’s expression turned to shock, he turned around and looked.


 Qiao Dong was still standing behind him, floating in the air, but his expression had frozen with shock, he had no vitality left, he was dead.


 “Immortal killer move life draining darkness!” Liu Zhuan Shen shouted before feeling intense anger, but his anger soon faded as only sadness and admiration remained.


 He and Hei Tie Sheng were old rivals, they had fought for more than a hundred times. he was clear that this life draining darkness was powerful, but it could not be used easily, each activation had a huge cost.


 Liu Zhuan Shen had never seen Hei Tie Sheng use this trump card at the start of the battle.


 From this, he understood: His rival for many years had prepared himself to die, he had the mentality of killing as many enemies as possible before going down.


 Hei Tie Sheng looked Qiao Dong, the morale of the Hei tribe Gu Immortals behind him rose.


 Hei Tie Sheng was an experienced person, using this chance, he used his methods.


 At once, the resonance eagles formed into groups, moving in formation. Each of the Hei tribe Gu Immortals went to an area and defended territory.


 With Gu Immortals here, the second line of defense stabilized, they were hard to deal with.


 This made many Gu Immortals who invaded Hei tribe furious.


 Ruining a person’s wealth was like killing their parents!


 This hatred was huge, and because Hei tribe was weak, they lost their only Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, the only problem was Green City Rampage. But in this situation, Hei tribe was only struggling at death’s door.


 “I’ll fight you!” Pi Shui Han pounced.


 He waved his hand, as tides began to form, charging towards Hei Tie Sheng.


 The tides flew into the air and stopped, turning into glaciers as the temperature fell.


 “Be careful, this is Pi Shui Han’s signature killer move — Flood Glacier!” A rank six Gu Immortal from Hei tribe shouted.


 Hei Tie Sheng laughed lightly, he and Pi Shui Han had deep enmity too, he was not surprised that Pi Shui Han attacked him.


 “He is just a loser, so what?” Hei Tie Sheng’s eyes shined with dark light, he did not move, he only looked over.


 The white glacier was covered with black water, in a few breaths’ time, it disintegrated.


 Pi Shui Han grunted, spitting out a mouthful of blood, falling from the sky.


 “Against so many enemies, consecutive killer moves are not easy to use.” A figure appeared behind Hei Tie Sheng.


 It was Huang Di!


 This was the rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal who communicated with the other demonic path members, entering Iron Eagle blessed land first and causing the righteous path to lose the initiative.


 He had earned immensely, right now, he was using the chance to attack and kill Hei Tie Sheng!


 Hei Tie Sheng did not move, he did not even turn around, he only waved his sleeves.


 Immediately, dark light burst out like waves, sending Huang Di far away.


 Huang Di struggled to get out of the black tide, showing shock on his face. His seven orifices were spewing out black blood, he drilled into the ground without even a bit of hesitation, vanishing.


 “Simply a rat, what can you do?” Hei Tie Sheng snorted, looking around, shouting: “Who is next?”


 Nobody came.


 Hei Tie Sheng had incredible battle strength, he was even stronger than Pi Shui Han.


 The immortals could tell, this person was prepared to die, he was oozing with fighting intent and was fighting without reservation, in this situation, his battle strength was at its peak.


 Why did everyone come to Iron Eagle blessed land?


 To gain fortune!


 If their goal was fortune, why would they fight with this person to the death?


 The Gu Immortals moved away, evading Hei Tie Sheng.


 Battle commenced.


 One side was the collaboration of righteous and demonic, they had great numbers, but Hei tribe had the territorial advantage and large numbers of desolate beast resonance eagles to help them.


 Battles raged on.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were all prepared to die defending their home, their battle intent was high.


 The demonic path Gu Immortals just wanted a fortune, they did not want to die, they were heavily restricted.


 The intelligence of Gu Immortals could not be matched by iron crown eagles.


 At once, the second line of defense was extremely stable!


 Hei Tie Sheng saw that everyone was avoiding him, so he approached them instead.


 “Meng Ji, hand over your life!” Hei Tie Sheng shouted angrily, pouncing towards the Meng tribe rank seven Gu Immortal who was closest to him.


 “Hmph, would I be afraid of you?” Meng Ji fought back courageously.


 Boom boom boom!


 The two fought as the sky rumbled, intense shock waves were sent out.


 After several rounds, the proud and arrogant Meng Ji turned around and fled.


 He was courageous, but Hei Tie Sheng was beyond courageous, he was a lunatic not afraid of death!


 He fought with Meng Ji by causing injuries to both of them, he was trying to go down together.


 After several times, Meng Ji could not stand it anymore, he immediately retreated.


 Hei Tie Sheng was going to chase him, but he heard the Hei tribe Gu Immortals cry for help, he turned around to help them out.


 “Guan Chou, take this!” Hei Tie Sheng charged forward, dark light burst out and engulfed the surroundings.


 Guan Chou was a transformation path Gu Immortal, he had turned into a lion. He roared as he crashed into Hei Tie Sheng.


 At the next moment, the lion that Guan Chou had transformed into flew out like a rag doll.


 Hei Tie Sheng charged at him again.


 Guan Chou screeched, turning into a little bird and flying away.


 “Coward!” Hei Tie Sheng could not catch up, he snorted.


 His gaze swept around, he targeted the rank seven Gu Immortal who was closer to him, Liu Zhuan Shen.


 Liu Zhuan Shen was very perceptive!


 Seeing that Hei Tie Sheng was approaching, he retreated.


 Hei Tie Sheng chased after him, so Liu Zhuan Shen went over to Divine Lord Tian Du.


 Divine Lord Tian Du’s body shook, he turned around and left.


 Liu Zhuan Shen then lured Hei Tie Sheng towards Unfettered Scholar, he snorted as a three-way battle started.


 Boom boom boom!


 A moment later, in an intense clash, Liu Zhuan Shen and Unfettered Scholar were forced back.


 Hei Tie Sheng continued to fight everyone, he was unstoppable.


 In the sky, Hei tribe’s first supreme elder sighed: “Tie Sheng, this child...”


 He knew that Hei Tie Sheng had a special technique, he could expend his lifespan to increase the power of his killer moves.


 He was fighting by consuming his life!


 The righteous and demonic Gu Immortals did not want to die, that was true. But with just this reason, there was no way anybody could contest him.


 Hei Tie Sheng was a huge setback to the Gu Immortals.


 These were all people with high cultivation level and impressive methods. In the earlier battles, the weaker Gu Immortals were already eliminated.


 But no matter how strong Hei Tie Sheng was, he could not reach the level of rank eight.


 He could not turn around the situation singlehandedly.


 Resonance eagles were captured or killed, while Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals died one by one.


 Fight!


 A fight to the death!


 Towards the end of the battle, Hei Tie Sheng was the only one left.


 He was bathed in blood, he stood proud and straight, looking at the Gu Immortals around, he laughed loudly: “Alright, come and kill me!”


 The immortals looked around, but nobody moved.


 Liu Zhuan Shen’s expression was complex, he knew that Hei Tie Sheng was already out of steam. His immortal essence was expended, he was not a threat.


 But he was unable to attack!


 Hei Tie Sheng moved his lips: “Then let me!”


 Saying so, he charged towards the Gu Immortals in front.


 Charge!


 His final charge.


 He died while charging.


 It was tragic.


 It was courageous.


 Hei Tie Sheng died, the immortals had no obstacles left, they went towards Hei tribe’s final line of defense.


 Twelve flying eagles blocked them.


 Enemy eagles with overflowing killing intent, absolute eyebrow eagles with divine aura, shadow eagles with indistinct figures, whale swallowing eagles with huge muscular bodies...


 Without exception, they were all ancient desolate beasts, having rank seven battle strength.


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder and the other six elders descended from the sky.


 At this moment, they no longer placed further hope in being saved, they came out to battle.


 Ancient battle formation, Green City Rampage!


 The top four supreme elders joined forces, their might could rival rank eight Gu Immortals.


 The righteous and demonic Gu Immortals split up at once.


 Resources were more important.


 By now, everyone had already earned a lot, but they paid a huge price too. Their mental energy was depleted, their immortal essence was also expended, who would fight against Green City Rampage in this state?


 Whoever got caught would simply be unlucky!


 In the sky of Iron Eagle blessed land, there were twelve eagle nests that were in peculiar shapes.


 These eagle nests were not round ball wooden eagle nests, they held precious rank eight immortal materials.


 Immediately, countless Gu Immortals fought over them.


 The battle was a chaotic mess!


 Green City Rampage went on a killing spree, lots of unlucky people died in the top four supreme elders’ hands.


 Humans die for wealth and birds die for food.


 “This is too dangerous, let’s go, let’s go.” Nian Er Fu grabbed the unconscious Nian Er Ping Zhi as he sneakily retreated.


 “I cannot stay here.” Pi Shui Han also retreated, he had obtained some eagle nests, and had gained large amounts of rank eight immortal materials.


 Some astute Gu Immortals were leaving.


 The twelve eagle nests were all lost.


 Suddenly, in the air, there were ripples as a thirteenth eagle nest appeared, drawing everyone’s attention.


 The immortals shouted, pouncing over.


 “This is mine.” Chu Du suddenly appeared, blocking all the immortals.


 “Ah, Domination Immortal!” The immortals were shocked, stopping their movement.


 Chu Du was powerful, far stronger than Hei Tie Sheng!


 Liu tribe’s entire strength as a super force could do nothing to him. In the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, only people like Qin Bai Sheng could fight him.


 At this stage in the battle, everyone was in poor conditions.


 But this was the first time Chu Du was acting.


 At once, nobody dared to go forward.


 Chu Du successfully deterred the immortals, it was to obtain this mysterious thirteenth eagle nest.


 Green City Rampage came crashing, a voice was loud as thunder: “Chu Du, you dare?”


 Chu Du laughed coldly: “Why wouldn’t I?”


 Boom!


 The two sides clashed, the giant that Green City Rampage transformed into was sent flying by Chu Du in one move.


 “The ancient battle formation is powerful, but it is powered by you people. In your condition, none of you can match me.” Chu Du stood arrogantly in the air, looking at the immortals.


 The immortals wanted to attack, but they also wanted others to do the work, so that they could reap the benefits.


 “Simply a mob.” Chu Du commented, before going ahead to grab at the eagle nest behind him.


 Suddenly, a shocking change occurred.


 An Immortal Gu House appeared, crashing towards Chu Du’s head.


 “Modest Thatched Hut!” A Gu Immortal yelled, he recognized that this was Dong Fang tribe’s former Immortal Gu House!


 “Scram!” Chu Du slapped, creating a huge sound.


 Thud!!


 Bam, Modest Thatched Hut was actually sent flying by his slap.


 Gasp!


 Everyone took in a deep breath of shock.


 Chu Du successfully placed the thirteenth eagle nest into his own immortal aperture.


 Next, his gaze fell on Green City Rampage.


 The four supreme elders felt a wave of despair.


 “Wait.” Just as Chu Du was about to deal the killing blow, a voice resounded in the entire place.


 An immeasurable aura, like a formless mountain, enveloped the entire area in an instant.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


 The immortals were shaken, the identity of the voice appeared in their minds.


 At this point in the battle, a rank eight Gu Immortal had finally shown up!


 It was not certain that he came in person, after all, only his voice was heard.


 “Wasn’t it agreed upon that the rank eight great experts would not personally interfere?” Some righteous path Gu Immortals who knew some inside information were confused.


 At the next moment, the immortals heard Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s voice: “Hei tribe’s battle ends here, the remaining members of Hei tribe have submitted to me. From now on, this is Bai Zu tribe’s territory.”


 “We are willing to change our surnames to Bai Zu!” Hei tribe’s elders responded.


 The immortals were shaken, this matter was huge, the situation in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world would immediately change!


 Smarter people knew: Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could say this because he had come to an agreement with the other rank eight great experts.


 “No need to leave, I am holding a banquet for three days and three nights for everyone.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said again.


 The remaining Hei tribe Gu Immortals’ faces twitched.


 This battlefield which was still filled with blood from the battle earlier was going to hold a banquet. The change was too sudden and abrupt.


 “Congratulations to Bai Zu tribe, congratulations to Heavenly Lord.” The righteous path Gu Immortals quickly came to an agreement, giving many responses.


 The demonic path and lone immortals were uneasy and agitated.


 “Hmph!” Chu Du snorted coldly, it was loud and shrill.


 He left with a billowing of his sleeves.


 Under everyone’s gazes, he flew away into the horizon.



***
Chapter 1110 - Rank Eight Gu Immortals Cannot Be Schemed Against


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hahaha, he is Domination Immortal indeed, I am leaving too.” Amidst the silence, Hui Feng Zi laughed loudly.


 Next, winds moved around his body, assisting him in his quick departure.


 Countless gazes focused on him as well.


 Hui Feng Zi was the fastest person in Northern Plains, Yao Huang had once tried to capture him but failed. That was Hui Feng Zi’s greatest and proudest achievement.


 Chu Du and Hui Feng Zi had huge guts, they did not give Heavenly Lord Bai Zu face, the other immortals had differing ideas, but nobody dared to leave.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not say anything, he watched as they left.


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder quickly shouted: “Reporting to Heavenly Lord, forget about Hui Feng Zi, but Chu Du has taken the thirteenth eagle nest, Hei Fan true inheritance is inside it!”


 The immortals heard about this and went into a commotion, they secretly started conversing quietly.


 Everyone had heard of Hei Fan’s reputation and fame. This person was the pride of Hei tribe’s history, he was the one who led Hei tribe to their current status as a super force. If he was still alive, who would dare to attack Hei tribe?


 “No need to worry, I know about that.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s spoke again, the tone of his voice was extremely calm and plain!


 First supreme elder’s heart jumped, his lips trembled, he wanted to speak, but no words came out of his mouth.


 Second supreme elder suddenly said: “Reporting to Heavenly Lord, Iron Eagle blessed land is about to break apart. If we set a banquet here, it might not last for even half a day.”


 “Don’t worry, we have already been prepared long ago.” At this time, three Gu Immortals appeared together.


 The immortals took a look, showing expressions of realization.


 These three immortals were none other than the three Gu Immortals from Bai Zu tribe.


 During the entire battle in Hei tribe, they were watching from the side, it turned out that they were following Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s orders, they were in charge of settling the aftermath of the battle.


 Next, Bai Zu tribe’s three Gu Immortals worked together, unleashing an immortal killer move.


 The killer move’s effect showed immediate result, in a moment, Iron Eagle blessed land which was shaking and breaking apart managed to stabilize.


 Seeing this, a lot of the righteous and demonic immortals had changes in their expressions.


 This immortal killer move had incredible effect, this was the first time they were seeing it, it had never been used in past records.


 They realized that: Bai Zu tribe did not just have Heavenly Lord Bai Zu alone, the other Gu Immortals were also formidable characters.


 “Gong Er greets Heavenly Lord.” Next, Gong tribe’s Gu Immortal Gong Er came forward alone, entering Iron Eagle blessed land and paying respects towards the sky.


 In the absence of rank nine, rank eights were the dominating overlords!


 Gong Er was a proud person, but facing a rank eight existence, he had to be polite, even though he was feeling moody on the inside.


 During the final moments of the battle of Hei tribe, Gong Er wanted to use the Immortal Gu House Golden Dawn Hall to snatch the resources inside.


 But the Gu Immortals of Bai Zu tribe smiled as they told him not to act rashly for his own sake.


 Gong Er would naturally not listen to them, but soon, he received a message from Prince Feng Xian. The content was: Do not act rashly, otherwise, you are making enemies with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu! If Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is displeased and kills you, you deserve to die, I will definitely not take revenge for you.


 Gong Er heard this and did not dare to act, even though he was extremely unwilling internally, he had suffered a huge loss of face.


 He had mobilized Golden Dawn Hall to come here and control the situation, but his effort did not match the gains that he had. Originally, Gong Er wanted to act as the leader of the righteous path, but the other Huang Jin bloodline Gu Immortals paid no heed to him at all.


 Bai Zu tribe’s three Gu Immortals listened to him and went into Golden Dawn Hall as guests. Even though this gave Gong Er some face, the three immortals had hidden intentions.


 Gong Er represented Gong tribe, he had to come out. When he greeted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he felt extremely displeased towards Prince Feng Xian: “Damn it, curses! This time, I completely lost to Prince Feng Xian. Hmph, he is not one of us after all, he is just a son-in-law of Gong tribe, an external supreme elder in our tribe!”


 Normally speaking, super forces with family based systems rarely had external supreme elders.


 This was unlike Central Continent’s sects, they could easily take in others as their external supreme elders.


 External elders who join super clans or tribes usually had a close relationship with one of the tribe’s Gu Immortals. For example, they could be husband and wife, or blood-sworn brothers.


 Fairy Jiang Yu had once joined Hei tribe, she had been Hei Cheng’s concubine on the surface.


 Prince Feng Xian’s true identity was that of a spy from Spirit Affinity House that had entered Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, he was in charge of the great plan of looking over Imperial Court blessed land, and controlling Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 In his early days, he had become the husband of a female Gong tribe immortal. Under Spirit Affinity House’s secret help, he had become a rank eight Gu Immortal, he stayed out most of the time and did not interact much with Gong tribe.


 Prince Feng Xian stayed inside his own Feng Xian grotto-heaven, he did not pay attention or communicate with his Gong tribe wife, he only stayed with his two female attendant Gu Immortals, You Lan and Le Yao.


 Gong tribe was very unhappy because of this, but Prince Feng Xian was a rank eight Gu Immortal, Gong tribe’s Gu Immortals could do nothing but hold in their anger.


 This time, after Old Ancestor Xue Hu defeated the combination of Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Gong tribe came up with a plan, they went ahead to brag that Prince Feng Xian was the only person who could defeat Old Ancestor Xue Hu. This way, they could use Prince Feng Xian’s reputation to elevate Gong tribe’s status in the righteous path. Secondly, they could also force Prince Feng Xian to become enemies with Old Ancestor Xue Hu. If the two of them fought, regardless of victory or defeat, it would benefit Gong tribe.


 This plan hit two birds with one stone, but could a rank eight Gu Immortal be schemed against so easily?


 This time, Gong Er was taught a huge lesson!


 Prince Feng Xian secretly came to an agreement with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, one could guess that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu definitely paid a price for it. Prince Feng Xian concealed this matter, not informing Gong tribe about it. He sacrificed Gong tribe’s benefits and kept the gains for himself. But at the crucial moment, he sent a letter, he did not leave behind any evidence that could be used against him. Gong tribe could only endure this silently, after all, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu only gave face to Prince Feng Xian.


 Gong tribe did not have any other rank eight expert, strength was the foundation for talking on equal terms!


 The three Bai Zu Gu Immortals stabilized Iron Eagle blessed land, it was not only safe now, they even started to repair it. For the next three days, Iron Eagle blessed land held a huge banquet.


 In Hei tribe’s former headquarters, Bai Zu tribe’s rise was declared, the intention was quite extraordinary, there was profound meaning behind it.


 Almost all the Gu Immortals joined the celebration, other than exceptions like Domination Immortal and Hui Feng Zi.


 Other than these two, there could have been others. For example, the mysterious Gu Immortal who appeared during the battle in Hei tribe, the person who controlled Modest Thatched Hut. It was unknown whether they were hidden among the immortals now, or whether they had left secretly already.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals mostly joined in the celebrations on the first day before taking their leave.


 Gong tribe with Gong Er as the leading Gu Immortal was the first to leave. When they left, Gong Er walked with confident steps, but people could tell that Gong tribe was in a dejected state.


 The second was Nian Er tribe.


 Only two Gu Immortals from this super force came to Hei tribe.


 One was the rank seven space path Gu Immortal Nian Er Fu, while the other was the current generation Sword Child, Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 Even though the latter had only rank six cultivation level, he had gained much reputation in this battle in Hei tribe, he became famous overnight. But he paid a hefty price.


 Old Monster Corpse Poison stared at Nian Er Ping Zhi with much hatred, he was gritting his teeth.


 The grudge of both parties was immense now.


 Meng tribe, Yuan tribe, Nu Er tribe, Ye Lui tribe, and the others took their leave one by one.


 Liu tribe, Yao tribe, Guan tribe, these three tribe’s Gu Immortals attended for the entire banquet, staying until the end. After three days and nights, they took their leave, they gave Bai Zu tribe ample face.


 It was because these three tribes were different from the other Huang Jin tribes, they were quite close to the current Bai Zu tribe’s territory, they needed to establish good relationships.


 As for the demonic path and lone immortals, they left entirely after three days and nights.


 The stronger they were, the earlier they left. There were also certain Gu Immortal experts who stayed back, attempting to get close to Bai Zu tribe.


 If it were the other Huang Jin tribes, when holding a celebration, they would not invite all of these people.


 But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had been a lone immortal in the past, the lone immortals and demonic path Gu Immortals could accept his invitation and stayed here.


 “See you, see you.”


 “Until we meet again, forgive us for not sending you off.”


 During these three days, Iron Eagle blessed land had been completely repaired.


 The blessed land’s entrance opened, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals and Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals stood at the entrance, speaking in polite tones as they sent off all of the leaving Gu Immortals.


 The leaving Gu Immortals, regardless of their faction, sighed to themselves: After this battle in Hei tribe, the entire situation in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world changed!


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals surrendered, they had to send off these Gu Immortals who invaded their homes, they definitely felt uneasy and unhappy. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu made them do this, he was humiliating them.


 Among them, Hei tribe’s first supreme elder could feel it the most.


 During the battle in Hei tribe, he suffered the heaviest injuries. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu personally used his healing methods to heal the rest of the Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals, except him.


 He was pale, he sent off the guests in an injured state, he spat out blood from time to time, he looked so pathetic, all of his face was gone!


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder understood: “I purpose exposed the fact about the Hei Fan true inheritance earlier, I wanted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to attack Chu Du. If he was killed, we could take revenge for Chu Du’s invasion. If he failed, and Chu Du escaped, with his personality, he would definitely exact revenge on Bai Zu tribe. To think that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu chose to do nothing, he knew that this was my scheme, thus, he has been suppressing and punishing me secretly these last three days!”


 Sadness, pain, hatred, fear, all sorts of emotions tangled together and filled Hei tribe’s first supreme elder.


 After sending the final Gu Immortal off, Gu Immortals of Hei tribe and Bai Zu tribe went to meet Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 In the highest level of Iron Eagle blessed land, the original discussion hall of Hei tribe, everyone met with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 “Greetings to Heavenly Lord.” The immortals stood on the spot, paying their respects.


 “Mm, everyone has worked hard.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sat at the highest position, he smiled: “From now on, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals will change their surnames to Bai Zu. Hei tribe’s resources have been taken by Northern Plains’ immortals, that is an established fact. This is also the result that I had gotten after negotiating with the other rank eight experts. In the future, you cannot use this as an excuse to take revenge.”


 The immortals quickly responded in acknowledgment.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu paused for a while before saying: “But the Hei Fan true inheritance is not a small matter, it involves a rank eight expert. Even if I do not cultivate time path, I can use it as reference. Ignore Chu Du for now, I already know the location of Hei Fan grotto-heaven. After some time, we can forcefully attack it and obtain everything inside!”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not anticipate obtaining the Hei Fan true inheritance.


 This true inheritance could not even be obtained by Hei tribe’s own members, not to mention him as an outsider.


 The true benefit was Hei Fan grotto-heaven, and the countless resources accumulated inside. This was enough to entice any rank eight.


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder heard this and felt incredibly shocked!


 “Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s location is the biggest secret in our tribe. Including me, only the rest of the top four supreme elders know! How can Heavenly Lord Bai Zu learn about it? Don’t tell me, someone secretly submitted to him before this? This secret was told to him?!”


 Learning about this, Hei tribe’s first supreme elder felt a chill going down his spine, his body shuddered in fear.


 He knelt on the floor immediately, kowtowing to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu in an extravagant manner: “I have failed in my task, I am greatly at fault! Please punish me, Heavenly Lord!”


 “Oh? What failure is it?” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu looked at Hei tribe’s first supreme elder, showing an expression of a vague smile.


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder felt cold sweat on his forehead, he could not tell the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu about his scheme three days ago, that would be offending the great expert!


 Thus, he shifted the topic: “In this battle in Hei tribe, we anticipated that Fang Yuan would appear to reap some benefits. In the entire battle, we had used investigative immortal methods continuously, but we could not find him at all. I have failed in capturing Fang Yuan, it was my mistake!”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu smiled: “Your investigative method is quite unique, it can actually expose an otherworldly demon. I am afraid that Fang Yuan truly did not come. That is a pity, if he appeared, I would have captured him. With this bargaining chip, I would not have to pay such a huge price.”


 As it turned out, Hei tribe and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had already discussed to set a trap against Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was the culprit behind the matter of Imperial Court blessed land, it was widely known, the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world knew that Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel and Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Hei tribe’s battle was an opportunity not seen in hundreds of years, to think that Fang Yuan did not come. This was out of their expectations, after all, Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, it was easy for him to show up.


 They did not know about the matters after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. Right now, Fixed Immortal Travel was in the hands of Heavenly Court.


 As for the investigative immortal killer move that could expose an otherworldly demon, it also had a peculiar origin.


 Hei tribe had once had an otherworldly demon. When he was a mortal Gu Master, he displayed incredible talent and attracted the attention of the higher-ups.


 The Quartet Sparrow Battle Tactic that he came up with was a game that the top four supreme elders of Hei tribe loved, they could not stop playing it even until now.


 After soul search, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals found out that this person was an otherworldly demon. Thus, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals did thorough research on his body, even though his life was lost in the process, they obtained an immortal killer move that could expose an otherworldly demon.


 This secret was only known by Hei tribe’s top four supreme elders, the rest of the Hei tribe Gu Immortals did not know about it.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu continued: “Never mind that Fang Yuan did not come here. Your Hei tribe was smart and knew to join my Bai Zu tribe in the nick of time, it is a good thing. Three days later, I will help you get rid of your problem, you will be able to separate and move on your own. Don’t worry, as long as you sincerely forget the past and live on as a Gu Immortal of Bai Zu tribe, think in the interests of our tribe and contribute to the tribe, I will definitely notice and reward you for your hard work.”


 “Yes! We obey the orders of Heavenly Lord!” Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals quickly responded.


 Hei tribe’s first supreme elder even knelt on the floor, shouting loudly with an attitude of gratitude and joy: “Heavenly Lord, you are magnanimous, you forgave us for our incompetence, we are truly in awe at your grace! You even thought about our problem and are going to help us resolve it, you are truly the savior of our tribe....”


 Saying this, he kowtowed with his head heavily hitting the floor, tears were flowing endlessly down his cheeks.


 But inside, he felt icy chills.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was highly skilled, he immediately wanted to get rid of their Green City Rampage. This formation would no longer belong to Hei tribe’s top four supreme elders from now on.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was extremely pleased, he allowed them to leave after saying some words of encouragement.


 He sat and did not move, he was thinking in his head.


 “Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals have just joined us, their status fell drastically, they are definitely not in a tranquil state, they will need a lot of time to adjust to their new life.”


 “However, it is good that Hei tribe’s first supreme elder has this attitude now. My effort of suppressing him was not wasted, I can spare his life.”


 “It is too bad that Fang Yuan did not show up, otherwise, if I could capture him, my gains would be greater! Now, I can only pay the price myself.”


 To ensure that the other rank eight experts did not act, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu paid a hefty price, he felt pain thinking about it.


 “However, there can only be gains after putting in the investment. Right now, Bai Zu tribe finally has the foundation to firmly stay in Northern Plains!”


 “And there is also Hei Fan grotto-heaven, if I can take it down, my losses will be replenished.”


 “Of course, I cannot rush this, I need to let the tribe recuperate now, and ensure that there is peace! After this battle, I have gotten on the nerves of the righteous path. If I attack Hei Fan grotto-heaven now, the other rank eights will not watch me quietly from the side.”


 “Thankfully, Hei tribe lost all of their fortune now, the righteous and demonic immortals are satisfied by their gains. These forces would conflict and restrain each other, for the short term, they will not find problems with Bai Zu tribe.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu thought about all these things, in this short period of time, he clearly assessed the circumstances of Bai Zu tribe and himself, he was clear about his goals, and was prepared to start his future plans!



***
Chapter 1111 - Fang Yuans Third Earthly Calamity


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 Mountains were standing tall, greenery was widespread, mountains winds howled endlessly.


 More than ten Gu Immortals, thousands of li apart, formed a huge circle.


 In the sky above this circle, an old Gu Immortal was using his immortal essence, concentrating as he set up the formation.


 The framework of a formation was already placed, covering a gigantic surrounding area, a huge illusory light lump was within.


 This huge light lump was shining in many colors, dazzling and bright, it was the giant dream realm.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the place was in shambles. Spectral Soul was plotted against by heaven’s will, Fang Yuan obtained the fruits of his labor, and his main body was trapped in the dream realm, constantly getting weakened by it.


 Even though the Southern Border Gu Immortals did not know about the details of the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, they knew about the immense benefits involving this giant dream realm.


 The Gu Immortals here came from the respective righteous path super forces in Southern Border.


 After a difficult negotiation, they came to an agreement, they were going to control this giant dream realm together.


 This dream realm was too important, none of the super forces could take it down alone. They were afraid of the demonic path and lone immortals coming to gain benefits, thus, the righteous path joined up and occupied this place, setting up a super Gu formation here so that they could slowly devour the benefits of the dream realm later on.


 “Rise!” The old Gu Immortal in the sky suddenly shouted, profound light shone from all directions around his body.


 Following him, the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals put in effort, large amounts of immortal essence was expended, countless mortal Gu were flying, Immortal Gu flew out of the Gu Immortals one by one, landing in their respective spots.


 Many Gu Immortals were sweating and nervous, some of them had trembling fingers.


 They had already spent nine days and nights here setting up the Gu formation.


 Now, they were at a crucial moment of arranging the super Gu formation.


 “They are about to succeed!”


 “Are we not taking action yet? If we don’t do it now...”


 “Sigh! There is no chance. Around them, there are hidden Gu Immortal experts, I suspect they have Immortal Gu Houses defending them!”


 “In that case...”


 Conversations were quietly taking place.


 Demonic path and lone immortals understood the value of this giant dream realm. Even without this dream realm, this place had undergone a mysterious battle, there might be some Gu Immortal corpses or inheritances left behind, they were all treasures!


 But the righteous path Gu Immortals acted with caution, they did not give these demonic path and lone immortals any chance.


 Without any chance, these Gu Immortals wisely chose to retreat.


 Boom—!


 With a loud sound, a huge pillar of light burst up into the sky.


 The pillar of light appeared quickly and vanished just as quickly.


 A huge super Gu formation gradually concealed itself, vanishing from the immortals’ sights.


 “After so much hard work, it is finally completed!” The old Gu Immortal who set up the formation slowly descended.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals gathered together.


 “In setting up this formation, my Wu clan used five Immortal Gu. Thus, thirty percent of this dream realm should belong to my Wu clan.”


 “Hehe, this makes sense. But... my Luo tribe contributed just as many Immortal Gu as your Wu clan.”


 “What are you talking about! If we did not work together and used our immortal essence, could we have created this super Gu formation?”


 “In my opinion, in terms of contribution, my clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You, was the main person in charge of setting up the formation, he definitely ranks as the highest contributor!”


 Even though the super Gu formation was set up, the righteous path Gu Immortals had not decided how to split up the super dream realm yet.


 At once, sounds of discussion became louder and louder, they were progressing towards an argument.


 Arguments would have no use in terms of getting a result, of course.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals left unhappily, starting to plan for their own share of this pie.


 A few days later.


 Shang Liang Mountain.


 “Xin Ci greets Lady Qing Qing.” Shang Xin Ci paid her respects.


 Shang Qing Qing looked at Shang Xin Ci, nodding in satisfaction: “I was right about you. You have done well as the clan leader, the members of Shang clan are starting to show some unity.”


 “I was able to achieve this all thanks to Lady Qing Qing’s nurturing.” Shang Xin Ci said with sincere gratitude.


 Shang Qing Qing went into the main topic immediately: “I called you to come here because I have some questions. After becoming clan leader, the first thing you did was to get rid of the arrest warrants of the black and white demons. But do you know, that Brother Hei Tu of yours is not Fang Zheng, he is Fang Yuan instead.”


 “Fang Yuan?” Shang Xin Ci was perplexed.


 She did not expect that Lord Shang Qing Qing had called for her to talk about Brother Hei Tu.


 After Shang Xin Ci became Shang clan leader, her vision had broadened, she learned many secrets, she knew that the beautiful lady in front of her was a high and mighty Gu Immortal who transcended mortals!


 This Gu Immortal was actually talking to her regarding a mortal Gu Master, how could she not be confused?


 Shang Qing Qing had a solemn expression as she said: “Xin Ci, you have to listen to my following words very carefully, they are very important.”


 “Yes, I will listen and learn.”


 “This Black Demon that you know of as Fang Zheng, his real name is Gu Yue Fang Yuan. He has a startling background, he is not an ordinary person. He appeared out of nowhere and is extremely dangerous. He is a demonic path Gu Immortal, he committed a huge crime, not only Southern Border, but Central Continent, Eastern Sea, Northern Plains, and Western Desert Gu Immortals are all pursuing him now.” Shang Qing Qing said in a solemn tone.


 Shang Xin Ci opened her mouth, she was in shock.


 At once, she felt like her ears were playing tricks on her.


 Since when did Brother Hei Tu become an immortal, and he was so dangerous that Lady Shang Qing Qing felt wary of him?


 “Don’t suspect your hearing, why would I joke about these things? You and the demon Fang Yuan had some friendship back then, tell me everything about it now.” Shang Qing Qing questioned.


 “Ah... ah, yes, yes.” Shang Xin Ci regained her senses after some time, she began to recall: “I first met Brother Hei Tu in the merchant caravan, he was such a kind person, he saved me from that horrible predicament...”


 Shang Xin Ci recalled the past, as she got deeper into it, a hint of tenderness was showing on her face.


 Throughout the process, Shang Qing Qing listened on the side, not saying a word.


 After Shang Xin Ci finished, she mustered up her courage and tried to explain for Fang Yuan: “Lady Qing Qing, is there a misunderstanding? Fang Zheng, I mean, Brother Fang Yuan is clearly a mortal Gu Master, how can he be such a great demon?”


 “Hehe.” Shang Qing Qing showed a mocking smile: “If he is not a great demon, who is? His craftiness and deviousness is not something you can imagine. He turned the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world upside down, Central Continent’s Heavenly Court has not even managed to catch him yet. Nobody knows where he is, or what evil scheme he is planning next. Your encounter with him might not be as simple as you think, I can tell that there was a scheme involved in this!”


 “Do you know? Because of your relationship with him, my Shang clan is facing great pressure from Southern Border’s Gu Immortals. From now on, you have to keep a clear distance between you and him, there cannot be any relationship between the two of you. Be a good Shang clan leader, you may leave.”


 Shang Xin Ci could only leave.


 “You are letting her go?” After Shang Xin Ci left, a figure appeared, standing beside Shang Qing Qing.


 He was thin and looked very pale, it was Shang clan’s Gu Immortal Shang Tan Mo.


 Shang Qing Qing smiled: “What else can I do?”


 Shang Tan Mo said solemnly: “We cannot listen to her words alone, we need to soul search and see it for ourselves!”


 Shang Qing Qing smiled even wider now: “Look at this?”


 Saying this, she stretched out her hand from her sleeve.


 Her hand was no longer a human hand, it was like a twig, there were flowers growing on her nails.


 Shang Tan Mo saw it and was dazed: “I forgot that you have this immortal killer move, it is more reliable than soul searching.”


 “I already know all of Fang Yuan’s interactions in Shang clan city. He came here for a fortuitous encounter in cultivation, as expected and worthy of the user of Spring Autumn Cicada. This is nothing much, he did not set up any hidden schemes after all.” Shang Qing Qing said.


 Shang Tan Mo nodded: “Then I am assured, but, how will we explain this to the outsiders?”


 Shang Qing Qing smiled coldly: “Them? They are just using Fang Yuan as an excuse to get a bigger share of the dream realm, now that I have this result, I can shut their mouths.”


 Shang Tan Mo’s eyes shined, he looked up, his gaze pierced Shang Liang Mountain as he looked at the giant dream realm: “Maybe... my Shang clan’s Gu Immortals have been too polite for a long time, people think we are no longer adept at fighting.”


 The situation was still changing.


 Over in Northern Plains, the battle at Hei tribe had ended, there were just some loose ends. The righteous and demonic factions, as well as the lone immortals, had their own gains. Hei tribe was history, Bai Zu tribe took them over and changed the situation in the Gu Immortal world.


 In Southern Border, they were fighting over the giant dream realm, the righteous path Gu Immortals worked together and managed to keep the demonic path and lone immortals out of it. But within the righteous path itself, a competition for shares of the giant dream realm was about to begin!


 No matter where and when, people will always fight over benefits and resources.


 More than ten days passed like this.


 Northern Plains, northern icy plain.


 Fang Yuan placed his immortal aperture, looking at the sky, muttering: “Finally, this is the third earthly calamity!”


 Heaven and earth qi rumbled, there were no clouds or fog, there was a peculiar and strange scene of tranquility in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Flying birds appeared from thin air.


 They were glowing with a slight green light, they flew extremely quickly, in Fang Yuan’s vision, he saw long lines of light caused by their movement.


 The cry of the birds was extremely crisp, filled with endless vitality.


 “Spring dawn jade oriole.” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he recognized these flying birds.


 They might have tiny bodies, like sparrows, but they were genuine desolate beasts!


 “These birds are very special among desolate beasts, they have a lot of rule path ‘life’ dao marks in their bodies, but they have very short lifespans. After the egg hatches, they can fly in the skies immediately. Everywhere they go, their dao marks will rain down and change the terrain of the environment, pouring down endless life force. After a dozen or so breaths of time, their lifespan would be expended and they would die.”


 Fang Yuan muttered in his mind, he could see that in this area of Mini Northern Plains, the thin layer of ice on the ground was already starting to have sprouts growing out of them.


 Soon, under the influence of the spring dawn jade orioles, grass grew taller, rapidly growing and there were even wildflowers mixed among them.


 “What is going on? What earthly calamity is this? Heaven’s will is trying to help me develop my immortal aperture?” Fang Yuan was confused.



***
Chapter 1112 - Spring Dawn Jade Orioles


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The cries of the birds were unceasing and pleasing to the ears.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Northern Plains was originally wilderness covered in frost, but now, green plants could be seen sprouting rapidly.


 The power of the earthly calamity was huge. In just a dozen breaths of time, a gigantic area surrounding Fang Yuan was already covered in greenery, it was a grassland.


 Grass, trees, and flowers grew rapidly, it was as if this was an entirely new place.


 Fang Yuan stood on the peak of Dang Hun Mountain, he had a heavy expression, he focused his mind.


 This was his third earthly calamity, he bought Dang Hun Mountain with him again.


 But the situation now was very strange.


 The earthly calamity involved spring dawn jade orioles, it was helping Fang Yuan to develop his immortal aperture.


 Half a month ago, when treasure yellow heaven opened, Fang Yuan did not choose to go Hei tribe and take a risk, instead, he went back and developed the sovereign immortal aperture.


 He had developed many areas, but because Mini Northern Plains was the place where Fang Yuan would be undergoing tribulation, he did not develop it.


 Right now, this earthly calamity was helping Fang Yuan to do it, this was out of his expectations.


 This was a good thing for Fang Yuan.


 “But heaven’s will can act in unexpected ways, it is not so kind, there are surely traps that it set, I need to inspect for them.” Fang Yuan stood at the peak of Dang Hun Mountain, observing vigilantly.


 Mini Northern Plains was huge.


 The grassland formed by the earthly calamity could not fill the whole of Mini Northern Plains, it only covered the part of the frosted land that was around Dang Hun Mountain.


 Looking at it, the greenery was growing thicker, soon, sprouting trees grew taller, rising at an observable pace.


 At this rate, a huge forest was going to form.


 Fang Yuan felt surprised and joyful.


 The power of the earthly calamity was usually used for destruction, against regular people. When used to develop the immortal aperture, it had truly shocking effects. If Fang Yuan wanted to transplant this huge forest into his immortal aperture, it would cost him a lot of time and effort.


 The spring dawn jade oriole had a short lifespan, as they died, they turned into jade green life force, fading in the air, but at the same time, more spring dawn jade orioles formed, moving forward in their place.


 At once, the sky was filled with the figures of these desolate birds, they were so numerous, like a flock of sparrows, it was a grand sight.


 “Wait!” Fang Yuan’s expression suddenly changed.


 “Go.” He suddenly thought of something, he called out as he pointed.


 Instantly, sword light flew out, moving at lightning speed.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu — Flying Sword!


 Spring dawn jade orioles were fast, but they could not match the speed of this sword light. But they could move agilely, they did not travel linearly, Fang Yuan used up some effort to kill one.


 A wave of true meaning rushed in soon, entering Fang Yuan’s mind.


 In an instant, Fang Yuan felt like a spring dawn jade oriole, from the start of life to flight, and until his death. In a short period of time, he experienced life and death, his mental state was transformed.


 Fang Yuan fully absorbed this true meaning, clarity returning to his eyes.


 Right now, he was a transformation path grandmaster, it was no longer as hard for him to absorb Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 If he was like an empty basin earlier trying to hold buckets of water, he was like a well now, taking in Reckless Savage’s true meaning in huge quantity, with much greater ease than before!


 Fang Yuan frowned, at this moment, he realized the scheme of heaven’s will.


 Fang Yuan’s earthly calamity was very unique, because of the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method and the nature of the northern icy plain, his earthly calamity had two portions.


 One was controlled by heaven’s will, the other was influenced by Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 In the previous two earthly calamities, the portion controlled by heaven’s will formed first, before the part of the earthly calamity formed by Reckless Savage’s true meaning appeared. But in this third earthly calamity, Reckless Savage’s true meaning appeared at the start!


 Fang Yuan did not expect this.


 This was the first time he was seeing this!


 Fang Yuan suffered a minor loss.


 Between Reckless Savage’s true meaning and developing the blessed land, the former was much more important than the latter.


 Because Reckless Savage’s true meaning could directly raise his transformation path attainment level, it could only be obtained during each tribulation, the costs and risks involved were high.


 As for developing the blessed land, he could do it at any time.


 “Heaven’s will knows about my vigilant nature, this is a good scheme to prevent my transformation path attainment level from rising rapidly, I wasted a lot of Reckless Savage’s true meaning.” Fang Yuan smiled, not feeling dejected.


 He flew out like lightning.


 In the air, his body shook, as countless strength path phantoms appeared.


 Strength path killer move — Myriad Self!


 Myriad self charged forward, forming a huge tide of humans, rampaging towards the spring dawn jade oriole flock.


 Spring dawn jade orioles were desolate birds, they could move freely among the myriad self army while chirping continuously.


 Myriad self had little effect, Fang Yuan quickly used other methods.


 Sword path killer move — Triple Layered Sword Wave!


 Swish swish swish!


 Silver-white sword waves burst out like tides, containing an unstoppable sharpness, pushing forward.


 The speed of the spring dawn jade oriole was faster than the sword waves. Fang Yuan sent out three sword waves, even though some were killed, the result was not many.


 He frowned, understanding: “In the previous two earthly calamities, heaven’s will already learned a lot about my foundation. Be it myriad self or triple layered sword wave, it knows about their weaknesses. In this earthly calamity, the spring dawn jade orioles counter my two killer moves. Heaven’s will is plotting against me by intentionally setting up these situations.”


 In the previous earthly calamity, there were wind flowers with sharpness like blades.


 But Fang Yuan had Dang Hun Mountain, using it as his base, he could defend himself to a great extent.


 But now, even though Fang Yuan brought Dang Hun Mountain, the spring dawn jade orioles were formed from Reckless Savage’s true meaning, he could not sit around and defend himself, he needed to go on the offense or he would lose his greatest benefit.


 “Thankfully, I retrieved flying sword Immortal Gu!”


 Fang Yuan activated this rank seven Immortal Gu, sword light rampaged according to his will.


 Spring dawn jade orioles died at Fang Yuan’s hands, but more and more spring dawn jade orioles died on their own.


 If Fang Yuan did not kill them, he would not receive infusions of Reckless Savage’s true meaning. Heaven’s will purposely caused this, Fang Yuan’s losses were not small.


 This was not just a loss of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, but also his green grape immortal essence.


 Even though flying sword Immortal Gu was powerful, it was rank seven, each activation needed a huge amount of green grape immortal essence! But each attack only hit one spring dawn jade oriole, Fang Yuan was wasting a lot of his resources for limited results.


 “It seems that I need new methods in the next tribulation. Old moves are losing effectiveness.” Fang Yuan thought of wisdom Gu.


 If he had the light of wisdom, this problem was easy to solve. With his grandmaster attainment level and wisdom path methods, he could very easily deduce new immortal killer moves.


 But even though Fang Yuan had his immortal zombie body, he did not dare to use it.


 After fifteen minutes of the earthly calamity, there were still spring dawn jade orioles forming.


 Mini Northern Plains was not just budding with greenery, there was a huge forest, the trees inside the forest were huge, they were dozens of meters tall, each of the tree trunks resembled pillars.


 At this time, Fang Yuan tried other methods like poison spit. In the previous earthly calamity, this killer move was very effective, but now it was useless against the spring dawn jade orioles.


 Growl growl growl—!


 In the huge forest, trees raised their heads and cried out loud.


 Next, they uprooted from the ground, becoming huge treemen.


 Fang Yuan noticed the changes on the ground and snickered: “So this is the portion controlled by heaven’s will. Hehe, I was vigilant and got rid of half the forest in advance, now it seems that my preparation was not in vain.”


 Countless treemen pulled out their roots from deep underground, charging towards Dang Hun Mountain.


 They moved slowly, but each of them were huge. Fang Yuan changed his mind and chose to defend. He landed on the peak of Dang Hun Mountain, looking at the treemen moving towards him. It was a scene of greenery, it was like the entire forest was pushing towards him, he felt suffocated.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his finger and tried to attack.


 Flying sword Immortal Gu charged over, turning into a bright light, piercing a great distance ahead, many treemen were penetrated.


 These treemen stopped moving but soon, their injuries were healed and they continued climbing towards Dang Hun Mountain.


 Fang Yuan used triple layered sword wave again.


 The dazzling sword waves engulfed the treemen with sharp sounds. There was nothing left of them, the effect was great, but soon, treemen behind filled up the gaps.


 Fang Yuan frowned.


 “These treemen are not desolate beasts, but they are close to that level. Not only are they very durable, they can absorb life force and recover rapidly.”


 The life force naturally came from the spring dawn jade orioles.


 Every since the first earthly calamity, event though heaven’s will could not control the entire earthly calamity, it could influence Reckless Savage’s true meaning and create a combination.


 Last time, it was the snow moons and wind flowers, now it was the treemen and spring dawn jade orioles, they combined perfectly, gaining huge effect!


 Fang Yuan suddenly opened his mouth, spitting out a mouthful of poisonous air.


 The poisonous air spread around the treemen, dozens of them started to move slowly, their green leaves turned purple. In a few breaths’ time, their movement became slower and slower, until they collapsed on the ground, the entire tree’s branches and leaves started rotting, turning decayed.


 Poison spit’s effect was quite good.


 But Fang Yuan could not continuously use this killer move, there was a huge drawback, he needed to get rid of the poison in his body first, otherwise, he would die.


 The treemen started to climb Dang Hun Mountain.


 Soon, these treemen experienced the power of Dang Hun Mountain, their souls shook, their bodies trembled, many leaves fell.


 However, there were too many treemen, they advanced forward, pushing each other up the mountain.


 Dang Hun Mountain was indeed a secluded domain of heaven and earth, just at the base of the mountain, a hundred treemen died, Fang Yuan did not use any immortal essence.


 Fang Yuan looked at the scene, his frown was deepening.


 Even though these treemen were troublesome, they had little threat.


 Because they moved slowly, Fang Yuan could attack from a distance and kill these treemen slowly.


 Fang Yuan felt something amiss: “This earthly calamity is too easy, don’t tell me, because heaven’s will felt that it cannot kill me this time, its focus went to depleting my foundation instead?”



***
Chapter 1113 - Giant Disaster Blazing Tree


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 To eliminate these treemen, he would need to expend a lot of immortal essence.


 The number of these treemen was greater than the first earthly calamity’s snow monsters, and they had strong regenerative abilities. Fang Yuan could see many severed twigs that were stabbed into the ground growing with new budding leaves.


 Unless he used killer moves like triple layered sword wave to completely decimate these treemen, to avoid any future problems.


 Otherwise, when these trees grow, they would expend a great amount of the earth qi inside the immortal aperture.


 But using triple layered sword wave or flying sword Immortal Gu to kill these treemen was too wasteful!


 “If I were a fire path Gu Immortal, this would not be a problem to me.” Fang Yuan thought of this, when he suddenly heard a sound, fire was starting from those treemen’s corpses.


 The fire burnt rapidly, in the blink of an eye, it spread and covered countless treemen!


 The fire continued to rage on these treemen’s bodies, turning these treemen into charcoal, their leaves were completely incinerated, a great number of them died.


 The fire was nourished by the treemen and became larger, it was almost twenty meters tall!


 Raging flames advanced towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was stunned.


 What is going on?


 Evidently, this was part of the earthly calamity.


 But why did the earthly calamity start burning itself? What was heaven’s will trying to do? Was it trying to resolve Fang Yuan’s problem?


 Fang Yuan quickly ruled out the possibility.


 What a joke, how could heaven’s will help him?


 Roar—!


 There was a huge figure standing among the roaring flames.


 In the orange-red flames, a sixty meter tall giant stood up!


 “This is?!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to pin size, he subconsciously gritted his teeth: “Giant disaster blazing tree!”


 This was an ancient desolate plant.


 In history, immemorial red heaven often had these giant disaster blazing trees.


 But this type of ancient desolate plant was rarely seen in the five regions, although not extinct.


 Giant disaster blazing trees could be created from any type of tree. When a forest fire starts, after countless lifeforms are killed, there was a chance of forming this giant disaster blazing tree.


 The giant disaster blazing tree’s body was covered in raging flames. It burned endlessly, nothing could get close to it. More impressively, this giant disaster blazing tree would cause bad luck to whatever life forms got close to it.


 “Heaven’s will, truly insidious! Evidently, heaven’s will has noticed the protection of Dog Shit Luck on me, it created this giant disaster blazing tree to destroy my good luck!”


 Fang Yuan felt a huge challenge.


 Normally speaking: If he encountered a giant disaster blazing tree in the wild, he would wisely choose to evade it. But now, this giant disaster blazing tree directly appeared in his immortal aperture, it was draining his immortal aperture’s earth qi and bringing him disaster and bad luck, negating Dog Shit Luck’s effect. If he left it alone, soon, Fang Yuan would be extremely unlucky, nothing would go right, he might even face a huge disaster. As for refining Immortal Gu, he could forget about it.


 Flames raged on, crackling sounds could be heard from the burning trees.


 The blazing tree had appeared in a very peculiar location, it was close to Dang Hun Mountain.


 Even though Fang Yuan activated his defenses, the huge flames were still causing his eyebrows and hair to dry up.


 “This is only the periphery, but the temperature is already like this, what would the center of this blazing tree be like?” Fang Yuan sighed, leaving.


 He left Dang Hun Mountain.


 He had Landscape as Before, he could restore Dang Hun Mountain before it was completely destroyed.


 The problem was how to kill this giant disaster blazing tree which reached partway up Dang Hun Mountain in height!


 Sword marks targeting death!


 Triple layered sword wave!


 Poison spit!


 Fang Yuan used many killer moves, but they were ineffective. The poison in the air was completely eradicated by the flames, flying sword Immortal Gu pierced the giant disaster blazing tree and returned to Fang Yuan, but the giant disaster blazing tree only shook intensely, before turning to normal.


 As for triple layered sword wave, it managed to put out the flames, it got to the blazing tree and destroyed many branches and leaves. But soon, the flames spread again as the blazing tree returned to normal, its injuries vanished after a few breaths of time.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, immortal aura burst out around him as he cried out: “Strength path giant hand!’


 Bam.


 A giant hand appeared out of nowhere, pushing the air and grabbing at the blazing tree with an unstoppable aura.


 But the blazing tree was huge too, it was almost half of Dang Hun Mountain’s size.


 The strength path giant hand grabbed the giant disaster blazing tree and tried to lift it up.


 But after some time, even after trying hard, there was no effect.


 The giant disaster blazing tree had countless roots, they were like snakes deeply rooted in the soil, sucking in earth qi fiercely, it also had the spring dawn jade orioles flying in the sky to replenish its life force, it was stable as a mountain, unmoving.


 As time passed, the entire strength path giant hand started melting in the flames, almost half of it was gone.


 Fang Yuan dispelled this giant hand, he had an idea after some inspiration.


 Rumble!


 A second strength path giant hand flew out, but this time, it grabbed at Dang Hun Mountain instead of the giant disaster blazing tree.


 Fang Yuan could not lift the giant disaster blazing tree, but strength path giant hand had the power of Pulling Mountain, he could lift Dang Hun Mountain.


 Whoosh!


 Wind currents blew, Dang Hun Mountain was brought into the air by Fang Yuan, before he tossed it directly towards the giant disaster blazing tree.


 With a loud sound, the entire ground shook intensely.


 The giant disaster blazing tree was suppressed under the mountain, the huge flames were no longer apparent, there was only a ring of fire left around the mountain’s base.


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, staring at the battlefield expressionlessly.


 The giant disaster blazing tree could not move, it was attacked by Dang Hun Mountain’s soul path dao marks, but it had incredible vitality and tenacity, it was still struggling intensely.


 Blazing flames started to roast Dang Hun Mountain, liquefying some of its rocks.


 It was not so easy to get rid of the giant disaster blazing tree.


 Fang Yuan was in a heavy mood, looking around, it was a scene of red.


 A sea of fire!


 The flames had spread to the entire forest, and even the grassland.


 As expected, heaven’s will’s arrangements were just to nurture the growth of the giant disaster blazing tree, how could it be so nice to him?


 Fang Yuan’s breathing became rougher.


 He saw that more and more giant disaster blazing trees were forming in the sea of fire, their roots were digging into the ground as they sucked in earth qi to strengthen themselves.


 The first plant was not destroyed yet, but so many others were forming!


 Not just that, these giant disaster blazing trees were growling, they stood up and turned into giant blazing treemen!


 They had only one target, Fang Yuan, who was in the sky.


 Boom boom boom!


 Under Dang Hun Mountain, the first giant disaster blazing tree also became a treeman, it was not giving up, attempting to flip over this mountain.


 It had incredible strength, each time it struggled, Dang Hun Mountain shook intensely, causing a huge and scary sound.


 In an instant, the situation became as bad as it possibly could!


 Fang Yuan could ignore the snow monsters earlier and slowly kill them


 But he could not ignore these giant disaster blazing treemen. Even though they moved slowly, they had a terrible influence on the immortal aperture. Not only did they suck away earth qi and damage the sovereign immortal aperture’s foundation, they would even bring Fang Yuan a lot of bad luck!


 What should he do?


 The light of the fire flickered on Fang Yuan’s face, a smile slowly appeared on his face: “Thankfully, I made my preparations!”


 At the same time, Shang Xin Ci who was in Southern Border stared at the lamp in front of her in a daze. In the fire, it seemed to show Fang Yuan’s former appearance.


 “Brother Hei Tu...” Shang Xin Ci thought to herself.


 “Clan leader, clan leader?” She heard something close to her ears.


 “Ah.” Shang Xin Ci regained her senses, she looked at Xiao Lan, Xiao Die, Lady Wei, Zhou Quan, and her other subordinates.


 “Sorry, my mind was wandering again.” Shang Xin Ci quickly apologized.


 “Miss, this is the third time you’ve gone into a daze.” Xiao Lan muttered.


 “I was disrespectful, I am truly sorry.” Shang Xin Ci quickly said again.


 Zhou Quan and Lady Wei glanced at each other swiftly, before coughing: “Now, let’s continue the topic from before, how will we take in the Gu Master groups that were controlled by Shang clan’s former young clan leaders.”


 After the meeting, everyone left the hall.


 “Xiao Die, how is the clan leader? Why is she constantly in a daze?” Zhou Quan asked.


 Xiao Die showed an expression of worry: “I am not sure too, it seems that after the higher-ups met with her, she became like this ever since.”


 “Higher-ups?” Zhou Quan’s expression changed, he already knew about the existence of Shang clan’s Gu Immortals, this was not something that he could settle or interfere in.


 Ye Fan could not hold it in anymore: “Let me go talk to Lady Xin Ci, maybe as an outsider, I can learn something from her.”


 “Young master Ye, you are not an outsider.” Xiao Lan smiled.


 “We will trouble you, young master Ye.” Lady Wei nodded, agreeing with this.


 A moment later, Ye Fan arrived at Shang Xin Ci’s study room.


 The doors were shut.


 Through the small hole in the center, Ye Fan saw that Shang Xin Ci was holding onto a piece of paper, looking at it carefully.


 She was so deep in thought, even when Ye Fan walked with heavy steps, she did not notice it.


 Ye Fan was about to cough and remind Shang Xin Ci that he was here.


 But suddenly, he heard Shang Xin Ci’s soft whisper: “Brother Hei Tu... what kind of person are you...”


 Ye Fan’s heart jumped, he instantly understood, the paper in Shang Xin Ci’s hand was none other than the black demon’s arrest warrant. It was his drawing!


 Ye Fan felt a sense of hollowness in his heart, his strong limbs were turning frail.


 He stood outside the door, he hesitated for a long time before gritting his teeth, turning around and leaving.


 From start to finish, Shang Xin Ci did not discover him.


 Ye Fan walked out of the mansion, arriving at the street. This was the inner core of Shang Liang Mountain, an important place in Shang clan, it was flourishing with bustling activity.


 But Ye Fan had a worried expression, he had a question inside him — Hei Tu, what kind of person are you?


 Northern icy plain.


 Chu Du’s arms were behind his back, he watched this vast icy plain.


 Suddenly, his body shook: “It’s here!”


 He received Fang Yuan’s transmission and quickly used the Immortal Gu in his hands.


 Rank seven calamity beckoning Immortal Gu!


 At the next moment, the sovereign blessed land’s entrance opened.


 First, spring dawn jade orioles were sent out of the entrance by a formless force, next, one by one, the giant disaster blazing trees were dragged out without managing to put up resistance!


 They were unwilling, they were furious.


 The sky was rumbling with thunder, heaven’s will was furious too.


 But it was no use!


 Two hours later, the third earthly calamity ended.


 Fang Yuan collected his immortal aperture, appearing in the northern icy plain.


 Chu Du obtained quite a bit of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, he cried out with an excited tone: “Walking on a long road for countless years, today I obtain the blessing of azure clouds. Flying above rivers and lakes on these clouds, nothing can obstruct my view of this world.”


 His voice resounded over the surroundings, the disposition of the Domination Immortal was fully emanated.


 “May I ask you for your name?” Chu Du greeted Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Obstacles and difficulties fill this road, life and death matters little against calamities and tribulations. My body flies like willows with the wind, regardless of wind or mud I still fly free.”


 After pausing, he returned the greeting to Chu Du, saying plainly: “I am Liu Guan Yi.”



***
Chapter 1114 - Obtaining One of Two True Inheritances


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Time passed quickly, several days went by.


 Lang Ya blessed land, inside a cloud city.


 Fang Yuan was sitting in his secret room, cultivating.


 Using connecting heaven Gu, his divine sense communicated with a certain female Gu Immortal’s will in treasure yellow heaven.


 “Your pill azure incense is of lower quality than Gu Immortal Xi Zi, the price should be cheaper.” Fang Yuan bargained.


 But that female Gu Immortal was not like Fang Yuan, who used his divine sense to conduct the deal.


 She had left her will in treasure yellow heaven, to manage transactions with goods.


 And unfortunately, this was a resolute will, it was obstinate in nature, it would not give in.


 As expected, the female immortal rejected with no hesitation at all: “The price is like this, buy it if you want, it is up to you!”


 Fang Yuan was not giving up yet, he continued: “Will you reconsider? I am buying in bulk.”


 The resolute will was obstinate, it did not agree.


 Fang Yuan was a little annoyed.


 These last days, when developing the sovereign immortal aperture, he had to trade in treasure yellow heaven, to sell his own resources and buy all sorts of resources.


 But after the third earthly calamity, he felt that his transactions were not going smoothly.


 The female immortal’s resolute will was one of them.


 But this was quite a good situation already.


 Fang Yuan had been encountering this recently: Gu Immortals would come in and raise prices with ill intent, or he might see some shortage of certain materials, after rank eight Gu Immortal experts bulk purchase everything.


 “Even though I have Dog Shit Luck’s protection, in the third earthly calamity, the giant disaster blazing tree destroyed a lot of my good luck.”


 Thinking about his third earthly calamity, Fang Yuan sighed.


 “If I did not think about it carefully and decided to work together with Chu Du before the third earthly calamity, I would have been done for. Even if I passed the tribulation, I would be heavily injured and stuck with bad luck. Currently, I am only facing some small obstacles, they are of no real concern to my cultivation.”


 Fang Yuan quickly gathered his thoughts, his divine sense continued to negotiate with the female immortal in treasure yellow heaven.


 Since she did not agree to lower prices, Fang Yuan could only accept this.


 “I will buy your pill azure incense.”


 The female immortal’s resolute will was stunned.


 Fang Yuan was making a huge purchase.


 He had to pay almost ten thousand immortal essence stones in this deal!


 But Fang Yuan was not shaken.


 With his accumulation from before, he was extremely affluent. Even though the third earthly calamity expended a lot of his green grape immortal essence, he could still afford ten thousand immortal essence stones.


 After buying the pill azure incense, Fang Yuan retrieved his divine sense, no longer staying in treasure yellow heaven.


 After inspecting it, he ensured that the pill azure incense had no problems, transporting them into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 His consciousness quickly entered his immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was split into five regions and nine heavens, Fang Yuan placed strength path immortal zombies in all the different areas.


 Soon, one strength path immortal zombie flew over under his manipulation, using Gu worms to store the pill azure incense.


 There was no choice, his sovereign immortal aperture was too huge, he could only use these strength path immortal zombies as laborers.


 Every time he was in this situation, Fang Yuan thought of Hu Immortal land spirit and Star Form land spirit, if he had a land spirit, the job could be handled by them, he did not have to waste so much time on this.


 The land spirit was basically the steward of the blessed land.


 They were very convenient to have.


 But it was a pity, Fang Yuan had never heard of any land spirits appearing in an immortal aperture before the Gu Immortal dies.


 This pill azure incense resembled jade smoke, it constantly blew around, creating a hazy area.


 Fang Yuan placed all of the pill azure incense into Mini Azure Heaven, causing this huge area to become more misty.


 Even though the strength path immortal zombie could not smell anything, the pill azure incense was very fragrant, it was very amazing, it had the smell of ink and grass, extremely elegant and long lasting.


 After placing the pill azure incense, Fang Yuan set up some Gu formations.


 These Gu formations were made with mortal Gu, their only use was to keep the pill azure incense within a certain area, preventing it from dispersing away.


 “I accumulated so much now, it is enough to feed change soul Immortal Gu three times.” Fang Yuan was satisfied.


 The pill azure incense would not renew itself, when he used it, it was gone for good.


 If he had to produce pill azure incense himself, it would be troublesome.


 Pill azure incense grew in places with primeval essence as well as pill crane groups, azure pine forests, ink bamboo forests and herb incense Gu. These four things, including beasts, plants, and Gu, were needed, and each of them had to be of a certain quantity, otherwise they could not produce pill azure incense.


 And this exact amount was a trade secret.


 Gu Immortals who sold pill azure incense had a firm grasp of this secret, they prevented the secret from leaking.


 At this point, Fang Yuan could only temporarily store the pill azure incense.


 Pill azure incense was the food that change soul Immortal Gu ate, but the good thing was, it was widely sold in treasure yellow heaven. Fang Yuan had accumulated a lot of it now, it could last for some time.


 After more inspections, Fang Yuan modified the Gu formation, he took a final look before leaving, only to see that Mini Azure Heaven had a small area of thick azure spots, it was different from before.


 Even though Fang Yuan placed great emphasis on developing his immortal aperture, on the whole, the sovereign immortal aperture was still very barren.


 The point was, the sovereign immortal aperture’s space was simply too big!


 Fang Yuan placed so many resources inside, if it were the normal aperture of any other Gu Immortal, it would be filled already.


 Speaking of which, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had quite a lot of dao marks, but in influencing such a huge area of space, the dao marks’ effect was very small.


 Fang Yuan retrieved the divine sense inside Mini Azure Heaven.


 The pill azure incense was already placed, the development of Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had reached a certain stage.


 Before this, Fang Yuan had already bought several batches of resources, he settled the feeding requirements of Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Flying Sword, and the other rank seven Immortal Gu.


 “Rank eight Immortal Gu and rank seven Immortal Gu already have their food. Now, the development of my immortal aperture should be to resolve the feeding requirements of my rank six Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan assessed.


 The first criteria of development for a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture was to be self sufficient in feeding one’s own Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was a strength path immortal zombie previously, his immortal aperture was dead, he did not follow this rule.


 After reviving, he went steadily and surely, settling the feeding requirements of the rank eight and seven Immortal Gu to some degree.


 Next were the rank six Immortal Gu.


 There was a need to say, Fang Yuan simply had too many Immortal Gu.


 It was a shocking quantity!


 But there was no choice, Fang Yuan had to raise so many Immortal Gu, not only to resist the tribulations as well as heaven’s will, but also against other Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan’s circumstances were bad.


 In the past, he had Shadow Sect, which concealed him from deductions. But after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, this protection was gone, Heavenly Court placed his name on the Demon Judgment Board, they were determined to kill him. Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals had deep hatred towards him, because Fang Yuan destroyed Imperial Court blessed land and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, this was something that created more enmity than digging the graves of these Huang Jin bloodline tribes.


 The other Eastern Sea, Southern Border, and Western Desert Gu Immortals were all after the luck path true inheritance. Even though Fang Yuan did not obtain the true inheritance of all living being’s luck, nobody would believe him if he said it.


 All in all, Fang Yuan’s identity could not be exposed, a lot of Gu Immortals were trying to find him.


 Earlier, during the battle of Hei tribe, Hei tribe Gu Immortals had worked with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to try and ambush Fang Yuan, in the end, because he was vigilant, he did not go to Iron Eagle blessed land and escaped. Of course, Fang Yuan did not know this currently.


 Thus, Fang Yuan traveled outside using a fake name — Liu Guan Yi.


 If he said his true identity, Chu Du’s attitude might have been completely different!


 Currently, Fang Yuan had worked together with Chu Du.


 Half a month ago, when treasure yellow heaven opened, Fang Yuan received Chu Du’s letter.


 In the letter, Chu Du stated the situation clearly, he informed Fang Yuan that flying sword Immortal Gu had an information path inheritance’s clues!


 At that moment, Fang Yuan was enticed.


 Earlier, he was still thinking about the benefits of information path.


 With strong information path methods, he could set agreements with others and not be afraid of them being broken. He could also secretly remove the alliance agreement that was on him, he could easily betray or break his word without any restraints.


 He could even collect intel and make wiser decisions after knowing more details.


 Information path and wisdom path were complementary.


 Information path searched for information, while wisdom path used this information to deduce, they assisted each other.


 The information path inheritance insignia on flying sword Immortal Gu was incredible, even the wisdom path Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin was interested and wanted it from Chu Du.


 Chu Du had told Fang Yuan about this situation. He wanted Fang Yuan to know about the value of the true inheritance, so that he could change his mind.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and decided to deal with Chu Du.


 He agreed to let Chu Du get Reckless Savage’s true meaning, but Chu Du had to compensate him.


 After the battle of Hei tribe, Chu Du snatched the thirteenth eagle nest under Fang Yuan’s guidance.


 Days after that, he and Fang Yuan met in Northern Plains secretly, making a transaction for both sides.


 Fang Yuan obtained flying sword Immortal Gu and the eagle nest, while lending out calamity beckoning Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan could not give the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method to Chu Du. Even though this was an immortal killer move, and Immortal Gu were unique, but Chu Du could use other Immortal Gu in place of these.


 Different Gu worms could produce similar immortal killer moves after all.


 Chu Du was a powerful rank seven expert after all, his reputation made him a legendary figure in the current Northern Plains!


 With his help, Fang Yuan successfully passed the third earthly calamity.


 In the first two times, he was gravely injured, the situation was too dangerous. But in this third earthly calamity, he only suffered some setbacks, the biggest problems were resolved by Chu Du.


 Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was simply too incredible.


 No wonder Mo Yao wanted to use this Immortal Gu to help her lover Bo Qing undergo tribulation.


 But eventually, she failed.


 Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was only rank seven, but Bo Qing was undergoing the myriad tribulation that would lead him to rank nine!


 Fang Yuan did not want to seek the information path true inheritance with clues on flying sword Immortal Gu yet.


 The turbulent flow sea area was a problematic place, it was easy to get lost, and many Gu Immortals often traveled in it.


 Fang Yuan placed his attention on the eagle nest.


 The thirteenth eagle nest in Iron Eagle blessed land was usually concealed, it only appeared when Iron Eagle blessed land was near the point of breaking apart.


 Inside this nest, there were clues to Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan had explored it for some time, he had some gains!


 Compared to the information path true inheritance, the Hei Fan true inheritance, which could delay the time in his immortal aperture, was far more useful and important.


 Fang Yuan had decided: While he still had this period of free time after undergoing tribulation, he was going to obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance!



***
Chapter 1115 - Opening Heavenly Crystal Eagle Nest


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios#


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Purple Heaven.


 A faint purple light was shining in the haziness.


 In the vast sky, there was a floating eagle nest.


 This eagle nest was like a three-storey building, there were no doors or windows, it was like a huge crystal.


 A type of translucent crystal, twice as thick as a human’s forearm, interlinked with itself, forming this tight eagle nest that had the same color throughout.


 This crystal was extraordinary.


 Fang Yuan had recognized that this was heavenly crystal, a rank eight immortal material!


 Heavenly crystal came from the sky, it was very light and could float in the sky, it would never fall to the ground unless there were external forces.


 Regardless of what was inside the eagle nest, just the outer nest itself contained five hundred kilograms of heavenly crystals! Just this heavenly crystal alone had immense value.


 Evidently, this eagle nest was the thirteenth eagle nest in Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Its value surpassed the sum of all the other eagle nests, firmly holding the highest position.


 After Fang Yuan and Chu Du collaborated, Chu Du went to Iron Eagle blessed land and at the final moment of Hei tribe’s battle, he displayed great strength and took this eagle nest.


 However, before Chu Du left the battlefield, Hei tribe’s first supreme elder shouted and let all of the immortals know that the thirteenth eagle nest had clues to Hei Fan’s true inheritance!


 This was a problem for Fang Yuan.


 After Chu Du knew this, he renegotiated with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan knew he had to concede.


 Flying sword Immortal Gu, the Eastern Sea information path true inheritance, and this thirteenth eagle nest, as well as Hei Fan’s true inheritance, they had a lot of value when put together!


 Even though Chu Du was solely a strength path cultivator, that did not mean he could not sell these for a good price.


 Thankfully, Chu Du was firmly set on Fang Yuan’s tribulation method.


 Fang Yuan exploited this to deepen his cooperation with Chu Du, he spent a lot of effort and much discussion to barely reach an agreement.


 Chu Du would use Calamity Beckoning to get Reckless Savage’s true meaning from Fang Yuan. In the future, he will take thirty percent of Fang Yuan’s gains from these two true inheritances.


 “Chu Du is a normal Gu Immortal, he does not want to cultivate information path and time path on the side, thus, he has little interest towards the two true inheritances.”


 “Unlike me, I can cultivate all paths, any true inheritance can be used for my own cultivation!”


 “Even so, I really admire his resolute decision, he can give up when needed to. Northern Plains’ Domination Immortal, he is truly formidable, his title is well deserved!”


 Fang Yuan inspected the eagle nest as he gathered his thoughts.


 He and Chu Du were allies in terms of benefits. They had little relationship, they were just making use of each other.


 Against Chu Du, Fang Yuan felt quite wary.


 He knew that Chu Du was not giving up, he still wanted the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method.


 Chu Du had brains and brawn, he was not a ‘stupid’ Domination Immortal.


 His brawn allowed him to singlehandedly cause trouble to the Huang Jin super force, Liu tribe. During the battle of Hei tribe, he caused the immortals present to be unable to attack.


 His mind was not to be underestimated. After Liu tribe’s battle, he rarely appeared, he nurtured his disciples in secret, helping them become immortals, luring out Reckless Savage’s true meaning. During the negotiation with Fang Yuan, his eloquence made Fang Yuan recognize this person’s shrewdness and wisdom.


 Domination Immortal had grand ambitions, how could he be satisfied with just Calamity Beckoning?


 And the bigger worry for Fang Yuan was, Chu Du seemed to have guessed his true identity.


 During the third earthly calamity, which was their first collaboration, the latter two lines of his poem were ‘flying above rivers and lakes on these clouds, nothing can obstruct my view of this world’.


 Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan 1 .


 Vaguely, it seemed like he was pointing out Fang Yuan’s true identity.


 Of course, he could be overthinking it.


 But many things had happened, Fang Yuan would rather be overly vigilant than miss out any important details.


 Chu Du’s appearance was very suspicious, during the first earthly calamity, he almost took Fang Yuan’s life!


 Fang Yuan was suspicious: Chu Du was influenced by heaven’s will and was a part of a plot, the ‘human calamity’ against Fang Yuan.


 Cooperating with a person like this was simply ‘asking favors from a tiger’.


 Thus, during the first cooperation, after the third earthly calamity was over, Fang Yuan did not talk much to him, he quickly left.


 Chu Du let Fang Yuan leave without saying anything.


 First, calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was in his hands. Second, he and Fang Yuan had an alliance agreement. The information path Immortal Gu used was borrowed from other Gu Immortals. Third, he could not catch Fang Yuan in terms of speed!


 With Chu Du’s strength and skill, he had a wide network and knew many people.


 Fang Yuan considered one point as well. To guard against heaven’s will, Fang Yuan gave Chu Du a lot of self will Gu. At least, Fang Yuan did not need to worry that heaven’s will would cause any negative influence on Chu Du.


 “I need to be very careful when cooperating with Chu Du, if I make a mistake, it would lead to a disastrous end!” Fang Yuan alerted himself mentally, he placed his attention on the strength path immortal zombie again.


 He controlled a strength path immortal zombie and slowly got closer to the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 These last days, he had been using investigative methods and collecting clues, looking into Hei Cheng’s memories, to aid with his deductions.


 “If I am not wrong, this time...”


 Fang Yuan had confidence as he used his Immortal Gu.


 The strength path immortal zombie which got close to the heavenly crystal eagle nest went through a complete transformation. It was originally emanating death energy, but in a moment, it became alive, turning into Hei Cheng, indiscernible from the real one.


 ‘Hei Cheng’ gradually got close to the heavenly crystal eagle nest, placing his hand on the eagle nest.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense continued to explore, entering the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 At the same time, Gu worms flew out, coiling around ‘Hei Cheng’ as they flew in a spiral.


 Refinement path killer moves were used one after another, impacting on the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 These refinement path killer moves were all mortal killer moves, they were modified by Hei Fan in the past, passing down for generations. Before Hei Fan died, he instructed his descendants that any new member of Hei tribe who became an immortal must learn these refinement path methods.


 After several generations of research by Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals, they gradually understood: These refinement path killer moves were the key to opening the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 Many Hei tribe Gu Immortals had used the refinement path killer moves on the heavenly crystal eagle nest in order to get Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Of course, they all failed.


 Because they lacked the most critical element — attitude Gu!


 In these refinement path killer moves, there was a crucial step that needed the aura of attitude Gu to activate.


 This step obstructed generations of Hei tribe Gu Immortals, nobody could inherit Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were not fools, after understanding this, they immediately went to search for attitude Gu.


 After a lot of effort by generations of Hei tribe Gu Immortals, they finally found some clues, they gained a breakthrough in this.


 By the current generation, there was Su Xian’s Night Elopement, she became Hei Cheng’s wife, in the end, she joined Hei tribe as an external supreme elder.


 Her surname was not Hei, she could not learn about deep secrets like Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 But she came with a motive, with her sister Blazing Heaven Demoness’ help, she stole the information about Hei Fan’s true inheritance that generations of Hei tribe immortals had accumulated.


 Using these results, she found some suspicious points.


 But when she was close to success, there was a change in the situation. Hei Cheng killed Su Xian Er, Fairy Li Shan had a falling out with Blazing Heaven Demoness as a result, Su Xian Er left behind the crucial clues as well as a lot of familial emotion and immortal essence to her daughter, Hei Lou Lan.


 After becoming an immortal, Hei Lou Lan used these clues to get back the attitude Gu that had been lost in the northern icy plain for many years!


 But after some twists and turns, this Immortal Gu ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands, being heavily used by him.


 These last days, Fang Yuan had been familiarizing himself with the refinement path killer move, he even disguised himself to ensure that there were no issues.


 Refinement path killer moves were used, turning into flames and lightning, attacking the heavenly crystal eagle nest. Each hit caused the heavenly crystal eagle nest to shake slightly, giving off a clear sound.


 Gradually, the heavenly crystal eagle nest’s movements became larger, and the sounds it made became louder, until it resounded in the sky.


 “The final blow!”


 Fang Yuan was nervous.


 With his skillful method, he drew a trace of attitude Gu’s aura and fused it into a translucent ripple as it flew towards the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 The ripple fused into the heavenly crystal eagle nest, vanishing immediately.


 The heavenly crystal eagle nest continued to shake, light was emitting from within it. Gradually, the entire heavenly crystal eagle nest started shining in nine colors.


 Red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple, white, black!


 Nine colors filled the world, the light was dazzling and forced ‘Hei Cheng’ to retreat to a distance.


 Ding ding ding...


 As the light faded, the sound of chimes could be heard in the sky.


 In front of ‘Hei Cheng’, this heavenly crystal eagle nest that had been closed for years finally opened itself!


 Each of the pillars of heavenly crystal started moving and unraveling, making Fang Yuan think of a Rubik’s cube. The nine colored heavenly crystal weaved and moved, eventually, an entrance was formed on the surface of the heavenly crystal eagle nest. The entire process was fluid and dazzling, he subconsciously held his breath from the incredible sight.


 “I understand!” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he understood the method that Hei Fan used.


 “The heavenly crystals were originally colorless and translucent, but they no longer are now!”


 “These heavenly crystals have nine colors, they should come from the respective immemorial nine heavens. But Hei Fan fused them together, using these rank eight immemorial immortal materials through refinement path methods. He caused their colors to fade away, so that they looked like a whole entity.”


 “Before Hei Fan died, he left behind some refinement path methods. Using these methods, one could reverse refine these heavenly crystals, allowing them to regain their original appearance, and open up the eagle nest from the inside.”


 Thinking about this, Fang Yuan’s assessment of the heavenly crystals’ value increased again.


 Heavenly crystals were an immortal material that could be produced naturally in grotto-heavens with deep foundations, other than in the immemorial nine heavens.


 Originally, Fang Yuan thought that these heavenly crystals were formed in Hei Fan grotto-heaven. But in fact, they came from the immemorial nine heavens.


 They had higher value as a result.


 Because there were only two heavens left from the immemorial nine heavens, the other seven were destroyed already.


 In the past, when Hei Fan searched for these heavenly crystals from the immemorial nine heavens, he definitely spent a lot of effort. Right now, it was getting harder for Gu Immortals to get these heavenly crystals, the only source was the scattered fragment worlds of the immemorial nine heavens that were hidden in the five regions.


 “Hei Fan true inheritance, here I come.” Fang Yuan restrained his excitement as he controlled ‘Hei Cheng’, carefully entering the eagle nest.



***
Chapter 1116 - A Dead Egg


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan controlled ‘Hei Cheng’, slowly getting into the eagle nest.


 Light in nine colors shone on ‘Hei Cheng”s face interchangeably.


 His vision was covered by heavenly crystals, it was a grand and beautiful scene, like something out of a dream or illusion.


 The eagle nest was not big, it was like a small room.


 At the center of the room, there was a huge egg, other than that, there was nothing else.


 ‘Hei Cheng’ glanced at it.


 His gaze was focused on this egg.


 This egg was the height of a young man, it was oval shaped and had a glass-like shell, it was reflecting the light of the nine colors, it was extremely beautiful.


 But Fang Yuan sensed acutely that this egg was covered in death energy, it was devoid of life.


 Sensing this, he no longer cared about it, he placed his attention on the other aspects.


 He searched and explored, after some hours, other than the heavenly crystals, he had no other gains.


 “How can this be? Hei Fan was a time path great expert, how can the true inheritance that he left behind only have one empty heavenly crystal eagle nest? Where are his time path Immortal Gu? Where are his immortal killer moves?”


 Fang Yuan thought quickly, soon, he placed his attention on the dead egg again.


 “Perhaps to find Hei Fan’s true inheritance, that dead egg is the key!”


 Fang Yuan guessed.


 At this stage, the memories that he had obtained from Hei Cheng were no longer useful. Fang Yuan had surpassed the generations of Hei tribe Gu Immortals, he was at a step that they had never reached before.


 To obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan had to rely on himself.


 ‘Hei Cheng’ walked around the dead egg, using his Gu worms to observe and research it.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan confirmed again that this was a dead egg.


 An absolutely dead egg.


 There was no disguise.


 This way, Fang Yuan’s guess that Hei Fan’s true inheritance was hidden inside the egg shell was thwarted.


 “Don’t tell me, Hei Fan’s true inheritance has already been stolen by someone. The Immortal Gu stored here are taken away already? I am not the first person in here?” Fang Yuan could not help but think.


 This was not impossible.


 This world had too many secrets!


 After Fang Yuan’s secret transactions with Sixth Hair, he did not dare to underestimate anyone.


 Even though he was a transmigrator, in this world, he was not the only one. There already was one who did well enough in life to become a rank nine venerable.


 Righteous path, demonic path, lone cultivators, countless elites and geniuses, heroes and conquerors, throughout history, they were shining like brilliant stars in the sky.


 Fang Yuan was just one of the stars.


 Fang Yuan’s guess was not random, he had his evidence.


 According to the intel obtained from Hei Cheng, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals had realized that attitude Gu was the key. While searching for attitude Gu, they also researched their methods, replicating attitude Gu’s aura, attempting to ‘deceive’ the heavenly crystal eagle nest to open.


 In Hei Cheng’s memories, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals did not succeed.


 But that did not mean that nobody had succeeded!


 A Gu Immortal might have secretly opened the heavenly crystal eagle nest, taking Hei Fan’s true inheritance for themselves, while nobody knew.


 And this might not even be a Hei tribe Gu Immortal.


 This example was very common throughout history.


 The most famous example was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 This person was the ultimate thief, in his life, he stole many Gu Immortals’ true inheritances, countless forces hated him greatly.


 Fang Yuan inspected it a few times over, there was indeed nothing else.


 With his current methods and knowledge, if he found nothing, there was likely no Hei Fan true inheritance.


 Fang Yuan felt very disappointed.


 He was banking on Hei Fan’s true inheritance to slow the rate of time in his immortal aperture.


 Of course, he had Chu Du’s help now, he did not need it temporarily.


 But what about the future?


 If one did not have huge worries, they would worry about smaller things.


 Cooperating with Chu Du was dangerous, he was asking for favors from a tiger, heaven’s will would also seek to instigate him.


 Even if Fang Yuan did not need it now, with this assurance, he could have many ways out in the future if he encountered trouble.


 “Even if there is no Hei Fan true inheritance, this heavenly crystal eagle nest is an entire nest of rank eight immortal materials, it has great value.”


 In fact, other than the Immortal Gu in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, all of his other resources accumulated could not match half the value of the heavenly crystal eagle nest!


 Of course, this was excluding Dang Hun Mountain. Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were in Lang Ya blessed land, and the trade of guts Gu was solely handled by Lang Ya Sect now. He only took his share of the profits monthly.


 “However, what is this dead egg? I actually could not recognize it using my own knowledge. If Hei Fan’s true inheritance is still around, this dead egg might be the clue that Hei Fan purposely left behind.”


 Even though hope was slim, Fang Yuan was intending to follow this route and investigate.


 He first went to treasure yellow heaven, because cultivation experience and knowledge was also sold here.


 Among which, there were desolate beast encyclopedias, maps of Southern Border, books on ancient desolate plants.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense looked around, choosing carefully, he bought some and looked at them.


 Last time, he spent nearly ten thousand immortal essence stones to buy a large amount of pill azure incense. But this month’s profits were not here yet, his funds were low.


 But after seeing these, even though Fang Yuan learned something, he did not manage to find information regarding this mysterious dead egg.


 Fang Yuan was not disappointed, instead he was a little happy.


 The more mysterious this dead egg was, the deeper its origin, and the greater hope he had regarding the clues to Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 “This dead egg is very likely to be an immemorial desolate beast’s egg!” Fang Yuan’s readings were not without result.


 But in this case, the knowledge from treasure yellow heaven was basically useless.


 Because this knowledge were mostly limited to rank six and seven.


 Immemorial desolate beasts had rank eight battle strength, but rank eight Gu Immortals would not sell their knowledge in treasure yellow heaven. They had no lack of such money. In any case, most Gu Immortals would not buy them, because with their level, they could not interact with immemorial desolate beasts.


 In the current world, most immemorial desolate beasts were inside white heaven and black heaven. Other than that, they were in the forbidden or catastrophic areas in the five regions, like the Northern Plains ten great fierce areas, or places like Earth Trench and Earth Abyss.


 “Should I ask directly in treasure yellow heaven, putting up a high price for the origins of this egg?” Fang Yuan thought about it and denied this idea.


 It was too eye-catching.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were not all dead.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals could easily deduce some information.


 This was not good for Fang Yuan.


 If rank eight Gu Immortals were drawn to him, they would be a problem.


 Fang Yuan could not afford to face these existences yet.


 He did not feel much dejection from treasure yellow heaven’s uselessness, because he knew that he had someone who could help him with this problem.


 That was Lang Ya land spirit!


 Lang Ya land spirit was the obsession of Long Hair Ancestor, he had been a rank eight Gu Immortal, a refinement path supreme grandmaster, he was famous throughout history and had great reputation.


 Which paths would have Gu Immortals with the widest knowledge?


 Wisdom path, information path, and refinement path.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals could deduce secrets, information path Gu Immortals could search and find intel, while refinement path Gu Immortals had to refine Gu, they needed to know lots of immortal materials.


 As one of the greatest refinement path experts in history, Long Hair Ancestor’s knowledge was undeniably immense.


 Fang Yuan sought help from Lang Ya land spirit.


 This was not a smooth process, Fang Yuan was troubled by Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude.


 Recently, Lang Ya Sect was very unhappy with Fang Yuan, they felt that he was cultivating for himself and did not contribute to the sect. Now, Lang Ya Sect was developing in Tai Qiu, the falling star hound was causing them problems, their progress was minimal as a result.


 “Fang Yuan, if you kill the falling star hound, I will let you read such books in our inventory. If you want to exchange for it, use a hundred contribution points.” Lang Ya land spirit said coldly with a low tone.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “I will exchange for it.”


 A hundred contribution points was almost all that he had now.


 However, even so, Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for it, he did not plan to go to Tai Qiu.


 Lang Ya land spirit snorted, he was about to speak again, but Fang Yuan said: “First supreme elder is truly impartial, handling matters according to sect rules. Lang Ya Sect’s rise is inevitable.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was so angry his chest was puffing, his hair stood on ends as he breathed roughly, he contained his anger: “I heard that you have a deep relationship with Twelfth Hair, I remember this child had praised you before. Recently, he challenged the falling star hound, he suffered great injuries and his desolate beasts all died, he is very dejected. Are you going to visit him?”


 “Thank you for the concern, first supreme elder.” Fang Yuan had a heavy and sorrowful face, as if the one injured was not Twelfth Hair but himself.


 “After exchanging for the books, I will go to Twelfth Hair.” Fang Yuan assured.


 Lang Ya land spirit was helpless, he could not do anything to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan got what he wanted, going to Twelfth Hair’s cloud city along the way. But he did not meet with Twelfth Hair in person, a mortal Gu Master said: “My master is unwilling to meet guests, please go back.”


 Fang Yuan was not welcomed, but he did not leave, he asked with concern.


 However, the attitude of this mortal Gu Master was very cold, Fang Yuan could not get any results, he had to leave ‘helplessly’.


 If not for the land spirit’s awareness of matters in the blessed land, Fang Yuan would not even put up this show.


 He knew clearly, how could a mortal hairy man Gu Master act like this to a Gu Immortal? Evidently, he was backed by a hairy man Gu Immortal. And this person was none other than Twelfth Hair, who held a grudge against Fang Yuan.


 “My relationship with Lang Ya Sect has reached this stage... of course, a lot of the ‘credit’ goes to Sixth Hair. Lang Ya Sect has a lot of value, I need to restore and maintain a good relationship with it in the future, but that is not an urgent matter.”


 Returning to his own cloud city, he checked the information and was not disappointed.


 “So this egg is the upper extreme heavenly eagle!”


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook.


 Upper extreme heavenly eagles were immemorial desolate beasts with rank eight battle strength!


 After his surprise, Fang Yuan was filled with joy.


 He realized: his hard work was not in vain. If this was an egg of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, then Hei Fan’s true inheritance was not taken away yet, it was waiting for him!



***
Chapter 1117 - Upper Extreme Heavenly Eagle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Fang Yuan had known about this immemorial desolate beast since long ago, but he did not know what its egg looked like.


 Upper extreme heavenly eagles were space path immemorial desolate beasts, a mature adult upper extreme heavenly eagle could freely travel in the immemorial nine heavens or in grotto-heavens.


 This ability was amazing.


 Outside of the immemorial nine heavens, there were extremely thick heavenly wind qi walls. Grotto-heavens were situated in the sky, if they did not open up, it was hard to detect them from the outside world.


 But as long as the upper extreme heavenly eagle had gone to a place before, it could follow its instincts and travel through space, returning to a former location.


 It was an immemorial desolate beast with rank eight battle strength, it could fly extremely fast. Hei Fan could obtain an egg of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, he must have paid an extremely high price if it was not by chance.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle’s only weakness was its lifespan.


 It only had eighty years of lifespan.


 Ordinary mortals had about a hundred years of lifespan.


 The great immemorial desolate beast, upper extreme heavenly eagle, had less lifespan than even a mortal, it was truly astounding. Other immemorial desolate beasts often had hundreds of thousands of years to live, the upper extreme heavenly eagle could not compare to them.


 However, it had the ability to prolong its life.


 When it died of old age, it would produce an egg.


 Inside this egg, there would be all of its memories as well as the accumulated space path dao marks over its entire life.


 When the chick breaks out of the shell, the upper extreme heavenly eagle would live another life, it would grow up again, but with its previous life’s memories and dao mark accumulation. Without any unexpected mishaps, the upper extreme heavenly eagle would only become stronger.


 Of course, when it is an egg or eagle chick, the upper extreme heavenly eagle would be at its weakest.


 After understanding this, Fang Yuan had a bold guess: “This upper extreme heavenly eagle’s egg must have been left behind by Hei Fan!”


 Why did he leave behind this egg?


 Evidently, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had gone to Hei Fan grotto-heaven before. It was the key to entering it.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals had always been searching for the grotto-heaven that Hei Fan had left behind. But in Hei Cheng’s memories, they had no gains.


 “Hei Fan’s true inheritance must be inside his own grotto-heaven. This is not strange, because if he did not have food path methods, it would be best to keep all of his Immortal Gu inside the grotto-heaven and sustain their own feeding, that has most assurance.”


 “And Hei Fan grotto-heaven has no tribulations. According to Hei Cheng’s memories, Hei Fan had obtained a certain fragment of the immemorial nine heavens before his death. If I am not wrong, he must have fused this fragment of the immemorial nine heavens into his immortal aperture before dying.”


 “It is a pity, even though he has no tribulations, he had no lifespan Gu, his lifespan extension methods were also at their limits, he could only die.”


 “But why is the heavenly eagle egg inside the eagle nest dead?”


 Fang Yuan was faced with a difficult question.


 There were two answers.


 One was that the heavenly eagle egg had naturally died. Hei Fan left the living egg behind, preventing it from hatching, he used the heavenly crystal eagle nest to create an arrangement. But because nobody came to inherit it after a long time, the heavenly crystal eagle nest was not opened, the egg died eventually after a long time.


 The second possibility was that the heavenly eagle egg had no life force left because Hei Fan did it. This egg was not truly dead, it needed a special method to unseal it.


 If it was the first possibility, Fang Yuan naturally could not obtain any benefits. He could only get a heavenly crystal eagle nest and a dead immemorial egg. They had great value in themselves but that was all.


 From Fang Yuan’s perspective, he would naturally prefer the second possibility.


 But if that was the case, what was the special method that could unseal the egg?


 “Assuming the second case, how can I unseal this dead egg, to let it regain life force and even hatch?” Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.


 He thought for a long time, but there were no answers.


 It was not strange.


 This egg was quite literally dead. If not for that, Fang Yuan would not have confirmed this at the start so easily.


 “If I were Hei Fan, I would definitely leave behind clues to resolve this problem after setting up this dead egg, so that descendants could inherit this.” Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration.


 He realized he had subconsciously ignored something.


 It was the refinement path methods that Hei Fan had once modified and left behind on purpose.


 “I used these methods to open the heavenly crystal eagle nest. If I use these methods again, will it work on the dead egg?” Fang Yuan had a bold assumption.


 But he did not act yet.


 Because this was just a hypothesis, there was no proof or evidence backing it.


 Fang Yuan was vigilant, he started using wisdom path methods, he went deep into analyzing these refinement path methods, placing focus on deducing them.


 He quickly discovered something strange.


 What was strange?


 Some refinement path killer moves were very strangely modified. The original versions were better and had stronger effects than the newer versions.


 Hei Fan’s modifications were simply going the reverse direction.


 What was he trying to do?


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought about some historical records regarding Hei Fan that were inside Hei Cheng’s memories.


 Hei Fan was a rank eight Gu Immortal, during his later years, he liked to nurture juniors, but he often taught them: “When learning, you have to think for yourself, don’t just blindly follow and idolize your seniors’ experiences. Only by thinking for yourself and learning them can you go further on the path of a Gu Immortal.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan looked at the refinement path killer moves with new ideas.


 He tried to remove the ‘failed modifications’ that Hei Fan did in those killer moves, he made a shocking discovery.


 “So these refinement path killer moves are not failures, by combining them, they form a brand new killer move!”


 “Hei Fan had purposely added in unnecessary steps in these refinement path killer moves, they are failures individually. But together, these parts can combine into a whole!”


 What made Fang Yuan more surprised was that this new killer move was a type of blood path method.


 The great rank eight time path Hei Fan, researching blood path?


 This was not strange.


 Ever since Blood Sea Ancestor appeared, blood path’s power was known to all. All the super forces restricted the growth of blood path, while researching it secretly themselves.


 This was something happening even in Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, not to mention Northern Plains, a region with Gu Immortals that sought battle strength greatly.


 Fang Yuan was much more confident in blood path than refinement path.


 He was a blood path grandmaster! Blood path was his most used path in the past.


 With some research, Fang Yuan realized: Hei Fan had purposely concealed this blood refinement killer move, it was to be used on the upper extreme heavenly eagle!


 But this blood refinement killer move was not complete.


 With Fang Yuan’s knowledge and blood path attainment, he could tell that this blood path killer move was not complete, it was only a portion.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan was not disappointed, instead his eyes were shining brightly.


 “Hei Fan must have the complete blood refinement killer move, he used the first half to process this upper extreme heavenly eagle dead egg. He only left the other half to his descendants.”


 “But he did not pass down this blood path killer move directly to his descendants, he used a unique method to conceal it.”


 “His first motive must be to test his descendants, so that a skilled Gu Immortal who could think for themselves inherits this. The second reason was that blood path was notorious, if the great Hei Fan’s true inheritance used a blood path method, it would cause a huge commotion. Hei Fan did not want that to happen.”


 Fang Yuan was scheming and shrewd, he could easily tell what Hei Fan was thinking in the past.


 After clarifying this, he was even more assured that this upper extreme heavenly eagle was not truly dead, it was just processed by Hei Fan through a special method.


 That made things easier!


 Fang Yuan was no longer an immortal zombie, he could easily draw blood from his own body.


 However, just as he was about to use blood refinement, he stopped his actions.


 “So close! I almost failed to notice Hei Fan’s intention...” Fang Yuan’s forehead was filled with sweat.


 Why did Hei Fan leave a blood path method for his descendants?


 Wasn’t it really strange?


 Everyone knew that Hei Fan was a time path great expert, at this level, he could easily use time path methods to leave his inheritance behind and imitate methods of other paths.


 But he used blood path instead of his strongest time path, why was that?


 There was only one possible reason, the blood path method could do something that time path could not.


 What else could it be?


 As a blood path grandmaster, Fang Yuan first thought of — bloodline recognition!


 The inheritance that Hei Fan left behind was meant for Hei tribe descendants. The inheritance of a super force’s Gu Immortal was usually kept to the clan or tribe itself, the first condition was to be blood related. Very few Gu Immortals would leave behind inheritances that could be obtained by others.


 Attitude Gu, the refinement path method left behind for generations, they were just the first two precautions.


 The blood refinement method that uses one’s bloodline was the third.


 “If the inheritor is not a Hei tribe descendant and does not have Hei tribe’s bloodline, then blood refining this dead egg might cause a backlash. Or rather, the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle that hatches would be the enemy of this Gu Immortal!”


 Fang Yuan thought of this and felt even more sweat on his forehead.


 Especially the last part, if he truly became enemies with an immemorial desolate beast, of rank eight battle strength, he would be in deep trouble!


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was very fast, Fang Yuan could not outrun it, he had weak defenses as well, he would definitely die.


 “It seems that I can only use a proper bloodline to refine the egg.” Fang Yuan wisely stopped.


 Some days later.


 In a part of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Hei Cheng’s hair was a mess, he had a very tired and weak expression.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie, flying towards him.


 Hei Cheng jolted like he was hit by lightning, his body shook as he shouted in fear and shock: “You, what do you want?!”


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had soul searched him, forget about that. Now, he was using all sorts of methods to ‘torture’ Hei Cheng, he was truly in misery, he felt that he was better off dead.


 Hei Cheng was Fang Yuan’s captive, at this stage, he had already given up. His Gu Immortal demeanor was gone.


 But he could not even bite his own tongue to suicide.


 Fang Yuan had thought: Hei Cheng still had some value, even though Hei tribe was gone, Hei Lou Lan was alive.


 Thus, Hei Cheng was in a state where he could neither die nor live in peace.


 “Don’t worry, this is likely to be the last time, I am confident of it.” Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie, smiling as he got closer.


 Hei Cheng was about to cry, he struggled intensely: “You say that every time, it is always the last time! No, no, no! Ah—!”



***
Chapter 1118 - Future Rank Eight Battle Strength


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hei Cheng’s expression was distorted, he screamed in great agony.


 Fang Yuan did not care, he continued to use his blood path killer move.


 With blood asset Immortal Gu as the core, this blood path killer move was an immortal killer move!


 Because of this power, Hei Cheng felt immense pain, blood from all over his body and even bone marrow were drained out, gathered into a lump.


 Next, Fang Yuan controlled the strength path immortal zombie and swallowed it whole.


 Hei Cheng was drained of much of his blood and fainted, his entire body was skin and bones, he had a pale expression, like he had died.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, several mortal Gu flew out entered Hei Cheng’s ears, going into his bloodstream and traveling.


 These blood path mortal Gu were huge, when they traveled in Hei Cheng’s body, there were bumps over his body, as if rats were moving rapidly in him.


 Soon, these ‘rats’ became smaller and smaller, Hei Cheng’s body started inflating, color was restored on his face. But he was exhausted mentally, as if he had just overcome a huge sickness.


 He slowly opened his eyes, looking at the strength path immortal zombie, he muttered: “Spare me, spare me. I am willing to surrender, I will be loyal to you...”


 Fang Yuan did not reply to him.


 Hei Cheng had said this many times.


 Fang Yuan did not care to have a subordinate like Hei Cheng.


 Fang Yuan was already wary of the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong, not to mention Hei Cheng. With the outside situation as it was, Fang Yuan could only trust himself.


 In fact, sometimes, he did not even trust himself.


 After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan had lost his memories.


 After knowing the secrets of heaven’s will and his rebirth, he realized that the fortuitous encounters that he remembered in his previous life were likely arrangements set by heaven’s will!


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s focus was on manipulating the strength path immortal zombie.


 After swallowing Hei Cheng’s blood, the strength path immortal zombie’s body shone with a thin layer of blood-red light.


 Under Fang Yuan’s expectant gaze, this blood-red light slowly faded, entering the strength path immortal zombie’s body, turning into blood which those of Hei tribe’s bloodline had.


 “Success!” After several inspections, Fang Yuan was excited.


 These last days, he had been preparing to refine the egg.


 Disguising his bloodline was not a problem for Fang Yuan.


 He was a blood path grandmaster, he had a deep foundation in his previous life.


 But he had to take into account Hei Fan’s blood refinement method, it was a bit troublesome. Fang Yuan had to deduce and modify it several times, after torturing Hei Cheng many times, he finally succeeded.


 “With this blood, I still cannot use it on the egg. I need to integrate this blood path killer move into familiar face, so as to be certain!”


 For the next ten days, Fang Yuan focused on deductions.


 But he had high attainment levels, blood path and transformation path were both grandmaster. Ordinary Gu Immortals could not achieve this, but he completed it in less than half a month.


 Looking at the time, a month had passed in total.


 He was only about a month away from the fourth earthly calamity.


 With everything ready now, Fang Yuan made good use of his time, immediately targeting the egg.


 As he had expected, under the effect of the blood path killer move, the lifeless egg started to produce life force.


 As more and more blood went in, this life force also grew stronger, and became more amiable with Fang Yuan.


 Eight days and nights later, the shell cracked from inside, as a small bird came out.


 This bird was newly hatched, but it was not small, it could stand at the height of a youngster.


 The small eagle looked at the strength path immortal zombie that Fang Yuan had become, it had a warm gaze, affection could be seen from within its sharp eagle eyes. It was like a child seeing their parents.


 “Come, come here.” Fang Yuan manipulated the immortal zombie, saying.


 The little eagle quickly jumped to the immortal zombie, looking at him with dark eyes that showed an innocent gaze without any wariness.


 The immortal zombie stretched out its arm, patting the eagle’s head.


 There was only a layer of yellow feathers on the young eagle’s head, it was very sparse, Fang Yuan could feel its scalp, it had a good feeling of warmth.


 While patting it, the young eagle lowered its head without any resistance. Not just that, the eagle’s eyes were shut, it opened its beak and chirped cutely, as if it was trying to get Fang Yuan’s attention.


 Fang Yuan could discern many things, he internally praised: “Hei Fan is amazing, he actually removed the memories of the upper extreme heavenly eagle from its previous life, only its space path dao mark foundation is left. If it had its memories, this upper extreme heavenly eagle, as an immemorial desolate beast, would be hard to control.”


 “And this blood path killer move can actually enslave an immemorial desolate beast. No, enslave is not the word, the true effect is to make the immemorial desolate beast feel close to me, it is the sense of kinship, of being a close bloodline relative.”


 “This way, it should not be hard to get it to carry me and find Hei Fan grotto-heaven.”


 Just when he had that idea in his mind, the eagle chirped anxiously, its body was wavering unstably.


 “Hungry?” Fang Yuan controlled the immortal zombie, pulling back his hand as he pointed at the heavenly crystal eagle nest: “Go eat!”


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle’s food were heavenly crystals!


 After getting permission, the little eagle chirped happily, it jumped over and pecked, causing a small piece of heavenly crystal to fall out.


 The little eagle carried the heavenly crystal in its beak, it did not swallow it, instead, it turned to the strength path immortal zombie.


 The strength path immortal zombie smiled at the little eagle, saying warmly: “Go eat.”


 The little eagle understood, it raised its head and swallowed the small piece of heavenly crystal.


 Next, it continued to eat.


 The hard heavenly crystal broke apart like tofu inside its beak, Fang Yuan watched, slightly startled.


 One could not look down on this bird, it was a genuine immemorial desolate beast — upper extreme heavenly eagle!


 “This means, from now on, I control battle strength on the level of an immemorial desolate beast? No, it is too young, it cannot have such high battle strength.”


 “It seems to understand my words, that must be Hei Fan’s doing. Since he can erase its memories, he can also make it learn human language.”


 “However, there is a huge flaw!”


 “I need to disguise my bloodline, so that the upper extreme heavenly eagle feels close to me. The real me would not do, I would even get attacked by it. After all, such immemorial desolate beasts are very prideful, they are naturally aggressive.”


 Fang Yuan considered the other aspects.


 For the next few days, Fang Yuan controlled the strength path immortal zombie, staying with the young eagle, watching it eat.


 The young eagle did not eat all the time, it ate for a while before going to the strength path immortal zombie, snuggling up to it and sleeping.


 It was extremely trusting of the strength path immortal zombie, it did not guard against it.


 For the next few days, half of the heavenly crystal eagle nest was consumed.


 This consumption speed gave Fang Yuan a headache.


 In order to get an immemorial level battle strength, spending such immortal materials was needed. But the price of feeding it was truly very high.


 The young eagle grew quickly.


 It was the height of a youngster initially, but in a few days, it was as tall as Fang Yuan.


 It stood on the ground, raising its head, it had a strong body and thick layer of feathers, it had sharp eagle eyes and dark sharp claws, when it scratched, heavenly crystals broke like thin paper.


 The time was ripe, Fang Yuan was not going to wait any longer.


 He recalled the strength path immortal zombie, taking back all of the Immortal Gu and mortal Gu in it, using familiar face on his own body.


 The current familiar face had exceeded the original version, by adding in blood asset Immortal Gu and other mortal Gu.


 This way, Fang Yuan could even disguise his bloodline.


 Fang Yuan chose to leave Lang Ya blessed land, choosing a spot with nobody around, opening his immortal aperture and letting out the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The young eagle saw Fang Yuan’s true body, it did not have any suspicions, coming over to peck at Fang Yuan’s palm lightly, it lowered its head, using its head to rub Fang Yuan’s shoulder, it had a very warm attitude.


 Fang Yuan smiled, instructing the young eagle: “Quickly bring me to Hei Fan grotto-heaven, I need to inherit Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


 The young eagle went in a daze, it remembered a certain part of its memories, chirping loudly as it spread its wings.


 Fang Yuan saw the chance and jumped onto the eagle’s back.


 The eagle screeched, carrying Fang Yuan as it ascended, flying towards the southeast direction.


 The surrounding air currents were wildly blowing past his ears.


 Fang Yuan activated his Gu worms, sitting on the eagle’s back stably.


 He was very satisfied with the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s speed, it was not inferior to sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Most importantly, this upper extreme heavenly eagle was an infant eagle, it was far from maturity, it had yet to fully develop. A mature upper extreme heavenly eagle was huge, multiple times the size of a whale.


 Fang Yuan also estimated: Its current battle strength had not reached rank eight yet, currently, it was at rank six level.


 Even though it had a lot of space path dao marks, it did not have wild Gu. A major influence on desolate beasts and plants in their battle strength was their physical bodies. This was different from humans, humans had weak physiques, but desolate beasts had naturally powerful attack, defense, as well as recovery. Not to mention immemorial desolate beasts.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan was interacting with the upper extreme heavenly eagle, his earlier assessment of it having rank eight battle strength upon hatching was wrong.


 Even though he was disappointed, it was sure to grow into having rank eight battle strength in the future!


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle traveled quickly, Fang Yuan sat on its back, once in a while, he fed it heavenly crystals.


 During other times, Fang Yuan was not slacking, he was analyzing Hei Fan as a person.


 From Hei Cheng’s memories, there was lots of praise towards Hei Fan.


 This time path expert who had led Hei tribe to a glorious era in history was not simple!


 Fang Yuan reviewed the process of unraveling Hei Fan true inheritance, it was as if he was fighting against Hei Fan in terms of wits.


 This was truly an extraordinary contest.


 Hei Fan left behind the refinement path killer moves, heavenly crystal eagle nest, dead upper extreme heavenly eagle egg, and the hidden blood path killer move, they revealed to Fang Yuan this time path great expert’s meticulousness, his shrewd planning and proud nature.


 Those who could cultivate to rank eight were not simple characters.


 Hei Fan was an expert at rank eight, his true inheritance was not easy to obtain!


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals tried for so many years without success. Of course, this was also due to the loss of attitude Gu.


 But it was undeniable that anyone else would have failed. Only a shrewd and astute individual like Fang Yuan would be able to make progress while exploiting the appropriate opportunities, eventually making his way to Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 “After I get to Hei Fan grotto-heaven, will I get to obtain the true inheritance? I have a feeling that Hei Fan’s test is not over yet.”


 “But the more tests there are, the more extraordinary the true inheritance, this is not a bad thing!”



***
Chapter 1119 - Entering Hei Fan Grotto-Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 One and a half days later, the upper extreme heavenly eagle carried Fang Yuan and flew to the sky of an unknown location.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle’s speed decreased, it started to fly around the air.


 After a while of flying, it seemed to have confirmed the location, it pecked at a certain spot.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan could hear a clear sound of a bell, as space tore open and his vision changed.


 In an instant, the upper extreme heavenly eagle brought him into Hei Fan grotto-heaven, disappearing from Northern Plains’ sky.


 “The upper extreme heavenly eagle can truly cross space and enter grotto-heavens! It is so amazing as an infant, when it matures, it will surely be a huge help.”


 Fang Yuan praised in his mind as he looked around.


 This grotto-heaven was huge and vast, it was an extraordinary sight.


 Below Fang Yuan, there was an ancient forest. It was green and huge, birds and beasts lived in it, there was much life within.


 “Musical trees.” There were trees with rainbow colored leaves and countless birds flying on them, landing on the branches as they chirped, creating a beautiful melody.


 “Qi death birds.” One of the types of birds had plump bodies that pressed down on the branches, they were covered in qi currents and had distinct voices.


 “Tea stream.” Between trees, there was a smooth flowing stream, the water was a clear, pale green, it was steaming hot, making the leaves inside resemble tea leaves.


 ...


 Fang Yuan took a look, finding many cultivation resources inside the forest.


 He looked at the sky, this grotto-heaven’s sky was azure in color.


 “It seems that Hei Fan obtained a fragment of the immemorial azure heaven, after fusing it into his grotto-heaven, the sky never changed color again.” Fang Yuan made an initial confirmation that this was Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Because in Hei Cheng’s memories, he knew that Hei Fan had once grew musical trees and famously sold them in treasure yellow heaven.


 This entire forest was made of musical trees, the scale was shockingly big.


 Just as Fang Yuan was looking around, the entire world suddenly started to ring with sounds of a bell.


 The bell rang ten times.


 Next, a brass bell appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 “Heavenly spirit! There’s indeed a heavenly spirit...” Fang Yuan’s heart shook, he got nervous.


 He did not have Hei tribe’s bloodline after all, even though he deceived the upper extreme heavenly eagle, he still had to deceive the heavenly spirit to obtain the true inheritance.


 ...


 In the north-east part of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, there was a tall mountain.


 The locals named it Wang Gu Mountain, they revered it.


 There was a cave in the mountain.


 In the cave, three Gu Immortals were conversing.


 “Without taking risks, how can we have great gains? To break free of this cage, we need to take on the risks of doing so.” Gu Immortal Feng Jun had an agitated expression.


 The other two Gu Immortals looked at each other with hesitation.


 One of them, Gu Immortal Zheng Tuo, looked at Feng Jun: “This is a huge matter, if we are careless, we will die, how can we not act carefully?”


 The other Gu Immortal, Zhou Min, was female, she had beautiful features: “Brother Feng Jun, please calm down. It is very difficult to deal with the heavenly spirit, we need to plan this wisely, we are not in a rush. Don’t worry, the three of us are sworn siblings, we will work as one and move forward together.”


 Feng Jun raised his head and sighed: “The heavenly spirit is not scary, we have already gained its trust, using the killer move, blood light spirit suppression, that I created, I am very confident of success.”


 Zheng Tuo looked at Feng Jun: “Brother, I do not want to say this, but why are you in a rush? You said earlier that blood light spirit suppression was created recently. This immortal killer move has just been created, it is not perfected. Even if it is perfected, we need to practice it first, why are you so hurried?”


 “That’s right, brother.” Zhou Min also said: “To deal with the heavenly spirit, we are not sufficient. We might as well convince Old Immortal Chen Chi to the west, he has three Gu Immortals under him.”


 Feng Jun snorted, saying in disdain: “Chen Chi is useless. He is about to die, yet he still acts so conservatively, we should not rely on him!”


 Feng Jun shook his head.


 Zhou Min frowned: “Brother, even if you look down on Old Immortal Chen Chi, he has the highest cultivation level. Even if we cannot work with him to deal with the heavenly spirit, we have to get him to watch on the sidelines and not interfere.”


 “Sister makes sense.” Zheng Tuo added.


 Feng Jun had a grim expression, after some hesitation, he said: “I am not going to lie, you both know I cultivate luck path. Recently, I have had an ominous feeling, something bad is going to happen. I have this indescribable sensation — if we do not take the chance now, we might not have a chance anymore!”


 These words were simply Feng Jun’s assumption, he had no proof at all to back him up.


 But the other two immortals had grim expressions.


 Zhou Min said: “Brother, you once had gone up Immortal Succession Mountain and cultivated the luck path inheritance that was on it. Even though your cultivation level did not reach rank seven, as the first inheritor, your dao marks are not less than that of a rank seven luck path Gu Immortal. I heard that with a certain number of luck path dao marks, the Gu Immortal will have a mystical promotion.”


 On the side, Zheng Tuo also added: “That’s right, for refinement path Gu Immortals, their Gu refinement abilities would rise sharply, when refining Gu, they would be able to sense minute details. For fire path Gu Immortals, they would have a certain sense towards fire path Immortal Gu and desolate beasts. For wisdom path Gu Immortals, even without using any Gu, their own deduction abilities would be very strong. As for luck path Gu Immortals, they would have some sensation towards their own luck or the luck around them.”


 “That’s right.” Feng Jun sighed, his expression calming down.


 Since Zhou Min and Zheng Tuo could understand him, that was good.


 After all, the killer move, blood light spirit suppression, that he made could not be used alone, all three of them needed to activate it together.


 Suddenly, at this time, the sound of a bell from outside became clearer.


 “Did someone else ascend Immortal Succession Mountain, obtaining a true inheritance?” Zheng Tuo’s eyes flashed.


 “Regardless of who it is, we have to get them over to our side.” Zhou Min immediately said.


 “Listen, there are five rings already.” Feng Jun’s attention was drawn.


 “Impressive, this person got to this point, in the past, even you, brother, only got this far.” Zheng Tuo praised.


 But soon, their expressions changed.


 “Seven times.” Zhou Min cried out.


 “How can this be? Not only was I surpassed, even Old Immortal Chen Chi was surpassed?!” Feng Jun could not believe it, he was aware of the difficulties of going up Immortal Succession Mountain.


 But next, a tenth bell sound rang out, it resounded in the entire world, continuing to spread.


 The three immortals were like statues, they stood in their places, unmoving.


 A moment later, Zhou Min snapped back to awareness, shock was expressed all over her beautiful face: “Did I hear wrongly, the bell rang ten times!”


 Feng Jun’s expression was dark: “According to the stone tablet on Immortal Succession Mountain, ten rings of the bell means that the person from the main tribe who is qualified to inherit Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s true inheritance is here! Don’t tell me my bad feeling is due to this person!”


 “After so many years, I thought that nobody would inherit the first true inheritance on Immortal Succession Mountain! To think that...” Zheng Tuo shook his head, showing a complex expression.


 He looked at the two immortals beside him, they also had differing expressions.


 Zheng Tuo let out a breath of air, stabilizing his mind: “Let’s go, according to the rules, when the proper inheritor appears, the heavenly spirit will welcome them personally, we need to go ahead and pay respects to them too.”


 “Pay respects? Pay what respects!” Feng Jun’s body shook, he said shrilly: “Regardless of who it is? Why must we go and pay respects to them? We are also Hei tribe descendants with Hei tribe’s bloodline. Just because our ancestors were criminals, we have to be subservient to the main tribe forever?”


 Zhou Min quickly consoled him: “Brother, you make sense, I agree. Even though this is sudden, the result is not out of control yet. According to the rules on the stone tablet, even though the inheritor is here, the time has passed already. To inherit Hei Fan’s true inheritance, they would need to pass a test. Whether we are going to find trouble with them or take down the heavenly spirit, we need to stay calm, stay cool.”


 Feng Jun was reminded, his mind cleared up: “Sister, you are right, we still have a chance! Go, we will go immediately, we cannot expose any flaws. I want to see how amazing this inheritor is, do they have three heads or six arms? Hmph!”


 ...


 The brass bell floated in front of Fang Yuan, after ringing ten times, it went silent.


 Fang Yuan tried to ask: “Are you the heavenly spirit? I am Hei Cheng, I opened the heavenly crystal eagle nest and hatched the upper extreme heavenly eagle, I am here to inherit Ancestor Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


 But the brass bell remained silent, it floated in front of Fang Yuan, unmoving.


 “As expected... after devouring the fragment of immemorial azure heaven, even the heavenly spirit has become mindless.” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed, he understood the reason.


 This intel was obtained from Shadow Sect as well.


 After absorbing a fragment of the immemorial nine heavens, even though the grotto-heaven would have no tribulations, if the Gu Immortal dies and becomes a heavenly spirit, they would not have control and would be mindless.


 All in all, it was because of heaven’s will.


 Heaven’s will originated from the five regions and nine heavens. Ordinary grotto-heavens were small worlds independent of the outside world. But once they absorbed an immemorial nine heavens fragment, they would let heaven’s will in. Their personal authority would be greatly diminished due to heaven’s will!


 Shadow Sect had deep research in this.


 In the past, a Shadow Sect member, one of the seven original split souls, Seven Star Child, had went ahead to devour a fragment of immemorial blue heaven, attempting to research a way to deal with heaven’s will. Unfortunately, heaven’s will made use of it and caused Seven Star Child to be stuck inside Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, unable to get out.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, because Starry Sky grotto-heaven had shattered and broken into many pieces, landed in many areas of Central Continent like all of the other grotto-heaven fragment worlds.


 Among which, on a nameless mountain, Fang Yuan was invited by Immortal Crane Sect to explore it. Coincidentally, inside this fragment world, Fang Yuan explored the dream realm and obtained crucial pointers. Eventually, on Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan obtained the result of Shadow Sect’s plan after a hundred thousand years.


 From this, one could see that by absorbing any nine heavens fragment, the grotto-heaven world would be under the supervision of heaven’s will, it was not safe for Fang Yuan.


 The safest place for him were blessed lands or grotto-heavens like Lang Ya blessed land.


 They were privately owned, heaven’s will could not look inside.


 Long Hair Ancestor was a very famous figure, it was not hard for him to get some immemorial nine heavens fragments. But from start to finish, he did not let his grotto-heaven absorb any fragment of the immemorial nine heavens.


 “Thus, this grotto-heaven is far less valuable to me than Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


 “Once I inherit Hei Fan’s true inheritance, I will give this grotto-heaven to Chu Du, it will fulfill that agreement of splitting thirty percent profit with him.”


 Fang Yuan was still planning, when a few people appeared from the sky, their immortal auras were unconcealed, they rapidly got closer.


 “What is going on? Hei Fan grotto-heaven has Gu Immortals?” Fang Yuan was surprised.



***
Chapter 1120 - Shocking the Immortals


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 From far away, four Gu Immortals approached.


 Fang Yuan had a serious expression, he watched without blinking.


 This situation was out of his expectations.


 “Why are there Gu Immortals here?” Fang Yuan looked at the heavenly spirit and asked.


 But this Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s heavenly spirit was too dull, it did not respond.


 Fang Yuan felt a gloomy sensation.


 After a while, the four Gu Immortals got close, but there was no animosity from them.


 Fang Yuan prepared himself without showing any changes externally.


 “I, criminal immortal Chen Chi, greet the superior immortal from the main tribe!” The leader was an old Gu Immortal. He wore a tall crown, he had a green-grey robe and white hair, after seeing Fang Yuan, he paid respects with a solemn expression.


 “Criminal immortal?” Fang Yuan thought over this, but he quickly responded: “I am not worthy of being called a ‘superior immortal’, my name is Hei Cheng, I was fortunate to have inherited Hei Fan’s true inheritance, to think that I could meet so many immortals after entering the grotto-heaven.”


 Fang Yuan had turned into Hei Cheng’s appearance.


 This was after careful consideration.


 After all, with treasure yellow heaven’s existence, even though Hei Fan grotto-heaven was isolated from the outside world, they could still find out about Hei tribe’s information.


 Hei Cheng had gone missing, and he lost Hei tribe’s Immortal Gu House, but that did not hinder him from inheriting Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Most importantly, Fang Yuan had all of Hei Cheng’s memories, he could disguise as him perfectly with no flaws.


 Chen Chi raised his head, looking at Fang Yuan, he sighed in admiration.


 Hei Cheng was publicly recognized as a handsome man in Northern Plains, he had a gentlemanly grace and many women had crushes on him. At this moment, even though Fang Yuan was in disguise, he even had a superior flair to Hei Cheng, with his looks, he was extraordinary and charming, he could take one’s heart easily.


 Of the four Gu Immortals who came, two were female, seeing Fang Yuan’s looks, their hearts involuntarily beat faster.


 The other was a young man with an ordinary appearance.


 Chen Chi bowed again: “Superior immortal Hei Cheng, you have dazzling disposition, us criminal immortals of Hei tribe have waited for so long up until you finally came, heaven truly is not blind.”


 “I am flattered, but why do you call yourselves criminal immortals, what does that mean? I do not understand.” Fang Yuan frowned, asking directly.


 Chen Chi was about to answer, when a voice came from afar: “Superior immortal, it is normal that you do not know! Our ancestors were guilty of a heavy crime in Hei tribe. Back then, Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s granddaughter, Hei Feng Yue, carried attitude Gu and roamed the icy plain. She was targeted by a mysterious Gu Immortal, at that time, our ancestors were her guards, but they failed to take care of her, Hei Feng Yue went missing and even attitude Gu was lost.”


 “Old Ancestor Hei Fan doted on his granddaughter Hei Feng Yue, but he searched for her to no avail. Our ancestors could not make up for this failure, they could only submit to punishment and were locked inside this Hei Fan grotto-heaven by Old Ancestor Hei Fan. They were our lineage, continuing to live here over the generations.”


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan understood, he meticulously observed them.


 There were three new immortals that just came here.


 Two males and one female.


 They were Feng Jun, Zhou Min, and Zheng Tuo.


 Feng Jun and Zhou Min were rank six, Fang Yuan took a glance at them.


 Zheng Tuo flew in front, he was the leader of the three immortals.


 He was the one who answered Fang Yuan earlier.


 He had his rank seven cultivation level unconcealed. He had an ordinary face with a hunched back, when he flew over, there was a thin line of blood behind him, he was a blood path cultivator!


 This made Fang Yuan surprised internally.


 A blood path Gu Immortal appeared openly like this, but the other Gu Immortals were completely unfazed? They seemed used to it.


 “Unless, this person does not cultivate blood path primarily, but only as a secondary path?”


 “Even so, it cannot be shown openly.”


 Fang Yuan was a bit puzzled.


 If this was in the five regions, this blood path demonic immortal would have already been a target of pursuit.


 But at the moment, it seemed like he was doing pretty well, not only was there no animosity, he even had two subordinates.


 These two were really daring, they were not afraid that this leader would attack them to increase his own battle strength!


 The three immortals flew closer and greeted Fang Yuan as well, having a respectful attitude.


 But Fang Yuan could tell clearly, this Feng Jun was not sincere, he held animosity towards Fang Yuan. He took several glances secretly with an unkind expression.


 Actually, the rest were also like this.


 Be it Chen Chi or the other Gu Immortals, they were solemn and cautious regarding Fang Yuan, while expressing kindness, they had ill intentions hidden, their attitudes were strange.


 After greeting Fang Yuan, the three immortals talked to Chen Chi and the immortals behind him.


 They spoke plainly, but they did not gather together, they floated in the air forming two clear groups.


 Fang Yuan saw all of these, on the surface, he was talking to them warmly, but on the inside, he was memorizing these details.


 “How many of you are there in this Hei Fan grotto-heaven?” Fang Yuan thought about this and asked.


 “Not many. Other than the seven of us here, there are only two others.” Chen Chi replied: “They will be here soon. Superior immortal, when you arrived, the heavenly spirit came to welcome you, ten rings of the bell resounded. They have also gone up Immortal Succession Mountain before, they know what it meant.”


 Immortal Succession Mountain?


 Fang Yuan noted this name, but did not ask about it yet.


 As expected, two more Gu Immortals appeared soon after. They were both males, they paid respects to Fang Yuan.


 Like the other Gu Immortals, they also had strange expressions.


 After the Gu Immortals gathered, the heavenly spirit finally made a move.


 It suddenly shook, creating a loud sound as it drifted forward.


 “The heavenly spirit wants to direct us to Immortal Succession Mountain, superior immortal, please follow us.” Chen Chi saw this and said.


 Fang Yuan nodded, he followed the brass bell heavenly spirit cautiously.


 In this situation, he was alone, but the other side had nine Gu Immortals, two rank seven and seven rank six. If they suddenly attacked him, it would be a chaotic brawl with an unpredictable result.


 However, even though the heavenly spirit was mindless, it could still welcome Fang Yuan, that showed that it carried Hei Fan’s will, it was not completely unreliable.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan could already tell that these people were not united, they were in different groups. The last two that came even seemed to be lone cultivators.


 Precisely so, Fang Yuan decided to travel with them, he wanted to observe them first, and did not take action yet.


 The heavenly spirit did not fly quickly.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not use the upper extreme heavenly eagle, he let it fly alongside him.


 In this situation, he did not dare to keep the upper extreme heavenly eagle in his immortal aperture. If anything happened, even if the upper extreme heavenly eagle could not kill the enemy, it could attract their firepower.


 Along the way, Fang Yuan talked to the Gu Immortals.


 Initially, they were very wary of Fang Yuan, they spoke with him cautiously, there was a huge distance between them.


 But what had Fang Yuan experienced? In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had interacted with countless people, he had shocking interpersonal skills in communication.


 Soon, Fang Yuan got closer to them.


 Gradually, there was even laughter coming from this group.


 “Sister, look at Hei Cheng, he is truly a superior immortal from the main tribe! He is so charming and attractive, no wonder it was him... only people like this are worthy of Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s true inheritance.” In the group, a female Gu Immortal with long hair in two buns and bubbly nature looked at Fang Yuan as she transmitted secretly.


 This was one of the female immortals who came with Chen Chi.


 The Gu Immortal who had been referred to as sister was more elegant and mature, she heard the words and transmitted in a cheeky tone: “Hehe, it seems that you, sister, are infatuated. But yes, he is truly a dragon among men! He seems to be young and have high cultivation level, he also has such charm and speaks with great experience, he has a convincing tone and makes people feel engaged when talking to him. Sigh, I wonder if people like him are rare in the outside world? What kind of place is Northern Plains?”


 Fang Yuan’s ears twitched, he listened to all these words without missing any.


 These Gu Immortal sisters used an ancient transmission method that had gone out of favor in Northern Plains long ago, this was exactly why Fang Yuan could eavesdrop on their conversation.


 Even though this was a grotto-heaven, and mortal Gu could be prevented from being used, Fang Yuan did not receive a restriction in this aspect, he felt some assurance.


 Actually, not just these two female Gu Immortals, the other Gu Immortals were also conversing, but they were not speaking as frequently as these two.


 The other Gu Immortals were discussing Fang Yuan’s background and battle strength.


 These matters were more important.


 “To think that this person has rank seven cultivation level! On our side, only Old Immortal Chen Chi and Brother Zheng Tuo match his cultivation level.”


 “Even though he is not displaying any Immortal Gu aura, the eagle flying beside him is extraordinary.”


 “This eagle is strange, it seems to be a desolate beast, but its aura is not normal.”


 “We have desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts in our grotto-heaven, but their aura cannot compare to this young eagle.”


 ...


 After some discussions, someone could not control himself anymore, he asked: “Superior immortal, I see that your eagle is not ordinary, it looks very imposing, we do not know about it, may I ask what its origins are?”


 Fang Yuan took a look, it was the Gu Immortal named Feng Jun.


 Fang Yuan thought for a moment, he smiled: “Hehehe, such good perception, you can tell that my beloved eagle is extraordinary. This is an upper extreme heavenly eagle, have you heard of it? If fully grown, it is an immemorial desolate beast. But right now, it can only be used for traveling, it cannot compare to my other ancient desolate beasts.”


 “Immemorial desolate beast!” At once, the immortals gasped.


 Countless heated, shocked, and amazed gazes focused on the upper extreme heavenly eagle, observing it carefully.


 Fang Yuan spoke casually, but he threw a bomb into these immortals’ minds.


 These Gu Immortals had varying emotions, they could not conceal their shock.


 Next, when they conversed with Fang Yuan, their tone was unavoidably more polite and restricted.


 Fang Yuan did not act with a forceful stance, he smiled like before.


 But his smile, when they saw it now, felt completely different from before.


 “Upper extreme heavenly eagle, an immemorial desolate beast!”


 “Who is this person? He actually has an immemorial desolate beast with him?! It seems that even in the main tribe, he has a high status.”



***
Chapter 1121 - Finally Seeing Hei Fan’s True Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This upper extreme heavenly eagle is an immemorial desolate beast, no wonder it gives off such an abnormal feeling.”


 “If we are going to attack him, we will need to deal with the eagle first.”


 “Did you forget what he said? Other than this eagle, he also has other ancient desolate beasts, is he an enslavement path Gu Immortal?”


 “If he is an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he would be easier to deal with. This path is vulnerable to direct attacks, even if he is an immortal, we are also Gu Immortals...”


 “That might not work! Don’t be hasty, we will see on Immortal Succession Mountain.”


 Even up until the immortals arrived at Immortal Succession Mountain, some Gu Immortals were still talking about the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 This was not strange.


 An immemorial desolate beast which had rank eight battle strength upon maturity, this news was a shock to the immortals.


 Fang Yuan listened to their words but he still showed a calm and composed expression, there were no flaws in his acting.


 Unwittingly, the immortals’ guesses of him had already distorted from reality.


 Fang Yuan was happy to see this, the more wrong things they assumed, the greater his advantage.


 If he was really treated as an enslavement path Gu Immortal, hehe, then they would get to see the power of a transformation path and strength path Gu Immortal!


 Conversely, during the conversation, Fang Yuan continued to probe and obtained a lot of precious intelligence.


 “These Gu Immortals seemed to have been isolated from the world for too long, they are not good at confrontations or dealing with people. Not just in terms of words, they are not as crafty as Gu Immortals outside, I could easily probe their background. They have barely any shrewdness, and their methods are outdated.”


 “All in all, these Gu Immortals are split into two groups. One is led by Old Immortal Chen Chi, the four Gu Immortals are related by bloodline. The other group are the three blood sworn immortals, they are Zhou Min, Zheng Tuo, and Feng Jun, they actually have a blood path leader. The final two are loners, as expected, they do not work with the groups.”


 Fang Yuan snickered internally.


 Places with people will have competition for benefits.


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven was no exception.


 But evidently, the conflict here was small and low level, the Gu Immortals were not skilled at competing against one another. It truly paled in comparison to Northern Plains.


 And most importantly, these Gu Immortals had very little knowledge.


 Fang Yuan had already probed, these Gu Immortals could not get into treasure yellow heaven, or rather, they did not even know about its existence.


 But...


 Look at their identities, they were descendants of criminals, it made sense that Old Ancestor Hei Fan prevented them from connecting to treasure yellow heaven.


 If they could connect to treasure yellow heaven, it would be different.


 Not only would they have updated methods, they would be able to trade and gain knowledge, even without trading, they would grow in experience, it would be an immense growth.


 Immortal Succession Mountain was a tall, lone mountain, it was not a famous mountain or river.


 It had ten levels, getting smaller towards the top, there was evident signs of man-made design in it. Around the mountain were forests that had lots of resources in them, Fang Yuan was quite amazed.


 Even though Hei Fan grotto-heaven was isolated from the world, it had no calamities and tribulations, and because it could not connect to treasure yellow heaven, the resources inside were truly too rich from generations of accumulation!


 The immortals followed the brass bell heavenly spirit, landing in the single stone pavilion near the mountain peak.


 The stone pavilion was very simple in structure, but even though it was just a pavilion, it had a grand atmosphere. The pavilion was supported by eight thick pillars. There was a stone tablet in the pavilion that was eye-catching. The stone tablet was huge like an elephant, it took up almost all of the space in the pavilion, there were words carved on it.


 The brass bell heavenly spirit entered the stone pavilion, hanging on a pillar of the stone pavilion, there was a hook there, it stopped moving after getting into position.


 Old Immortal Chen Chi said: “Superior immortal, you have just arrived, you must have many questions. Look at this stone tablet, it will answer a lot of your questions.”


 Fang Yuan was prepared, he looked at it patiently.


 A while later, he finally understood everything.


 It turned out that back then, Hei Fan’s most beloved granddaughter, Hei Feng Yue, had vanished, along with attitude Gu.


 Hei Fan lost his precious granddaughter, but there was nothing he could do, his lifespan was almost expended, he could only place his immortal aperture down and absorb the immemorial azure heaven fragment, losing his freedom.


 The few Hei tribe Gu Immortals who could not take care of her were locked in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, not only was their freedom taken away, their immortal apertures were even taken out and fused into Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 This way, Hei Fan grotto-heaven became even bigger.


 Before Hei Fan absorbed the fragment of immemorial azure heaven, he had already made his arrangements, leaving behind his true inheritance and the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 But he could not stop thinking about his granddaughter, he wanted his descendants to look for her, thus, he added an additional step, that was the aura of attitude Gu which was needed.


 From his perspective: Even if he did not show up, with Hei tribe’s power at that time, they could definitely find Hei Feng Yue’s location and get back attitude Gu.


 But in truth, he was too optimistic.


 Or rather, because of kinship, he refused to accept the truth, he felt that Hei Feng Yue was still very likely alive.


 Because of his miscalculation, Hei Fan’s true inheritance went uninherited for all this time, until now, after Fang Yuan disguised himself and opened the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 This had to be considered an error by Old Ancestor Hei Fan.


 But he was a rank eight great expert after all, before his death, he sensed this error as well.


 He thought: If nobody from the main tribe inherits his true inheritance, what would happen?


 If that happened, either Hei tribe would be wiped out or become weakened, without any worthy descendants.


 What Hei Fan thought of was: in that case, he might as well prepare another batch, and let the people in the grotto-heaven inherit his true inheritance, passing it down in that way. They had Hei tribe’s bloodline after all!


 Thus, after setting up the heavenly crystal eagle nest, before his death, Hei Fan added a new rule to his true inheritance.


 He set a timing.


 Several hundred years later, if nobody from the main tribe obtains his true inheritance, then the descendants in the grotto-heaven would be allowed to roam Immortal Succession Mountain and find their own opportunities.


 This was stated in the tablet: “Old Ancestor (Hei Fan) left behind his key true inheritance on Immortal Succession Mountain, he set up a lot of smaller inheritances as well before his lifespan ran out. The other Hei tribe criminal immortals cried and grieved, they felt that they let him down, they died together with him. But before dying, they imitated Hei Fan and left behind their stone tablet inheritances on Immortal Succession Mountain, their true inheritances were hidden inside.”


 The Hei tribe members who were in Northern Plains were searching for attitude Gu, but there was nothing they could find.


 Time passed, the time limit that Old Ancestor Hei Fan set had long since elapsed. Thus, in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Immortal Succession Mountain was opened up to the mortals to explore.


 As a result, Gu Immortals started appearing in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 However, even though these mortals could compete for Hei Fan’s true inheritance, it was too difficult to explore Immortal Succession Mountain. Although many mortals obtained the true inheritances, and a portion of them became Gu Immortals, there had never been anyone who got to the mountain peak and obtained the first true inheritance.


 According to the stone tablet: if the person who obtains the first true inheritance becomes a Gu Immortal, they would be the owner of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they would have the authority to forgive the sins of these criminal immortals, they would regain freedom and return to Hei tribe.


 But before this, no matter how many generations had gone by, they could not have the Hei surname, they could only have other names, it would remind them of their identities as criminals.


 After reading the contents of the stone tablet, Fang Yuan finally understood, the confusion inside him was lifted.


 “No wonder these Gu Immortals have such complex expressions and emotions towards me, they have both kind and ill intentions at the same time.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it from their perspective, if it were him, he would be having even more complex feelings.


 According to Hei Fan’s rules, the time limit was over, so be it the Hei tribe main immortals or these criminal immortals, they were qualified to vie for Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 These immortals had been enthusiastically raising descendants to obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, to open up the grotto-heaven and regain freedom.


 As for these Gu Immortals, they had already obtained other inheritances, they were not qualified to compete for Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Thus, the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven did not have much conflict normally, they lived quite peacefully.


 Originally, they did not think that anyone from the main tribe would come, after all, it had been so long, but nobody came. With Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance, their preconceptions were broken. And because of the rules on the stone tablet, they had to go welcome him, even though they were against his arrival and mentally not prepared.


 From their perspective, Hei Fan’s true inheritance belonged to them already.


 As long as they continued to nurture descendants, one day, someone would ascend the mountain peak and obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 Thus, they did not want to see Fang Yuan’s arrival, but they had no choice but to follow the rules.


 The heavenly spirit might be mindless, but Hei Fan had considered this before dying, even though it was rather unreliable, it still firmly carried on Hei Fan’s will after his death.


 And Hei Fan still had one method of restriction.


 Becoming a Gu Immortal would have calamities and tribulations.


 Whenever they are unable to pass the tribulations, these Gu Immortals would come to Immortal Succession Mountain and ask the heavenly spirit for help.


 The heavenly spirit would use the Immortal Gu in the first tablet’s true inheritance to stall their calamities and tribulations. Even though they could be safe for the moment, they would be under the heavenly spirit’s control.


 The heavenly spirit only had to use a certain method in the true inheritance to remove the method of stalling calamities and tribulations, causing them to die.


 Many Gu Immortals were able to pass the calamities and tribulations early on, but they did not know about treasure yellow heaven, even though Hei Fan grotto-heaven had a lot of resources, there was a limit to its variety, these Gu Immortals’ cultivation needs could not be fulfilled.


 Thus, after many calamities and tribulations, when they got stronger, these Gu Immortals were gradually unable to pass them.


 Eventually, they had no choice but to seek help from the heavenly spirit, they all fell into Hei Fan’s trap and became controlled by the heavenly spirit. Even though Hei Fan had died for many years, he still had great control over Hei Fan grotto-heaven as a result.


 “Old Ancestor Hei Fan, as expected and worthy of the champion that led Hei tribe to its most glorious era! Even after he died, he still had complete control of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, these Gu Immortals all revere him.”


 “But what this tablet states might not be too factual. Heh. I don’t believe that those criminal immortals were willing to die together with Old Ancestor Hei Fan! Evidently, regardless of their wishes, Hei Fan still acted in this ruthless and cruel manner, he is truly praiseworthy. If they were allowed to live, Hei Fan grotto-heaven might have been broken through from the inside already.”


 Thoughts flashed past his mind rapidly, Fang Yuan’s gaze retracted from the stone tablet, he slowly raised his head to look at the brass bell heavenly spirit.


 He asked: “Then, what should I do to obtain this true inheritance?”


 Once he said that, the other Gu Immortals held their breaths and concentrated, looking over with concerned gazes.



***
Chapter 1122 - Troublesome Final Test


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The stone tablet in the pavilion stated: Be it a main tribe member brought over by the heavenly spirit or a criminal immortal who ascended the mountain, they had one final, most important test before inheriting Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 But the contents of this final test were not written on the stone tablet, they had to ask the heavenly spirit.


 The heavenly spirit was mindless, but remembered Hei Fan’s instructions.


 Thus, Fang Yuan asked it.


 Soon, the immortals heard the brass bell heavenly spirit shake, creating a long and loud sound.


 When the sound vibrated off the pillars, there were changes to the tablet. At the end of the original content, new lines were appearing.


 The immortals gasped upon seeing it.


 “This says that Hei Fan grotto-heaven is the true inheritance itself. Whoever obtains the true inheritance becomes Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s owner!”


 “But to obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, there is one final test, it is actually this?”


 “No wonder Old Ancestor Hei Fan set a rule that if the inheritor appears, all of us need to go and welcome him!”


 “Old ancestor is magnanimous, he planned meticulously. Even though we are criminals, he had never forgotten us, he is still concerned about us descendants.”


 The immortals discussed, they felt admiration towards Old Ancestor Hei Fan, some had red eyes as they almost cried.


 Fang Yuan looked at the new information, he was frowning, his expression had turned heavy.


 The contents clearly told him what the test was.


 “As long as I pass the final test, I can obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance. But what is this? It wants me to obtain the votes of half of the Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven?! And I must complete it within three years in the grotto-heaven’s time.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s final test was out of his expectations.


 Evidently, he was siding with the Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 As an outsider, it was very difficult for Fang Yuan to obtain their support.


 But Fang Yuan soon reacted, he understood Hei Fan’s intentions.


 Old Ancestor Hei Fan set the rules to encourage his inheritor to take in these Gu Immortals within Hei Fan grotto-heaven. After all, Gu Immortals were hard to nurture, by taking them in, it would benefit Hei tribe greatly.


 Thus, this not only tested the inheritor’s abilities, their interpersonal skills were also tested, whether they could be a skilled leader to unite others or not.


 Hei Fan was using his true inheritance to choose a leader for Hei tribe, he was not just looking for a Gu Immortal expert.


 “Old fellow, you are already dead, why are you considering so many things, it is so troublesome!” Fang Yuan thought, but on the surface, he sighed as he spoke in heartfelt fashion: “Ancestor Hei Fan was thinking for Hei tribe the entire time, he put in so much effort, as a descendant, I am deeply moved!”


 “Yes, yes!” The immortals heard his words and responded.


 Originally, these Gu Immortals were feeling very worried, after all, if Fang Yuan obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, they did not know what would happen to criminal immortals like themselves.


 But now, with Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s arrangement, their welfare was assured.


 Fang Yuan kept his moved expression as he turned around, standing before the stone tablet, facing the immortals in the pavilion, he asked: “Then... how can I obtain all of your support?”


 As Fang Yuan had expected, what he obtained was silence.


 Times were different now.


 Initially, they were wary of him, but now, Fang Yuan needed to get half of the Gu Immortals’ recognition, in that case, the situation was reversed, it was completely different.


 The immortals looked at each other, nobody spoke.


 Only their gaze towards Fang Yuan changed.


 Earlier, they were cautious and tried to express kindness while concealing their ill intent, but now, they had distant gazes, they got on their high horses and thought about it internally.


 Fang Yuan was not rushed, he stood on the spot, waiting for their reply.


 After a while of silence, the most experienced and oldest Gu Immortal, Chen Chi, could not hold it in anymore, he coughed: “Today’s matters progressed too quickly, we are simply unprepared for it. Sigh, maybe I am getting old, all this thinking is making my head hurt, I cannot process it yet. Superior immortal, you must have had a long journey to reach here and are tired, right? Why don’t you go take a rest first and relax, we can think about this later.”


 “This old fox.” Fang Yuan snickered internally.


 Old Immortal Chen Chi’s words were well received by the Gu Immortals present, they answered him with great enthusiasm.


 They were fragmented earlier, but now, it looked like they were united, dealing with the outsider Fang Yuan together.


 “However, so what if I agree to your stalling?” Fang Yuan had expected them to respond in that manner, his expression did not change, he nodded and said reluctantly: “Immortal Chen Chi, you have a point.”


 Chen Chi showed a smile of victory, but soon he concealed it: “My accommodations are crude, but we have some tea for you. If you do not mind, it would be my great honor to accommodate you.”


 Chen Chi invited warmly, but he did not give a clear reply to Fang Yuan’s words.


 Fang Yuan smiled in a reluctant manner, nodding: “I will trouble you in that case.”


 He called it ‘crude’, but Old Immortal Chen Chi was naturally just being humble.


 His accommodations were not crude at all, instead, they were very elegant and grand.


 A number of palaces sat on top of a mountain peak.


 This mountain seemed to be man-made, the top was flat, palaces were erected all over it, there were golden bricks and green tiles, with many beautifully crafted pillars.


 Chen Chi and his Gu Immortal subordinates lived here.


 Not just them, a large number of Gu Masters and mortals as well.


 “These are all my descendants, hehehe, please excuse them, superior immortal. At my age, I enjoy having descendants and nurturing them.” Chen Chi explained.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “This shows that you are someone who values relationships.”


 Chen Chi looked at Fang Yuan with deep meaning: “Who would not like people who values relationships and loyalty? Hehehe.”


 “Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed too.


 Seeing Chen Chi and Fang Yuan talking so harmoniously, the other three Gu Immortals had relaxed emotions.


 Just like this, Fang Yuan stayed here for the time being.


 Strangely, since the first day, Chen Chi had not shown himself again, and did not meet with Fang Yuan again. Fang Yuan was not anxious, he waited patiently.


 Four days later.


 In the palaces.


 Fang Yuan and Chen Le strolled in the long walkways.


 Chen Le was one of the female immortals, she had long hair in two buns and a bubbly nature. In terms of bloodline, she was Old Immortal Chen Chi’s great granddaughter.


 “Young master Hei Cheng, look at that lotus, I love its color!” Chen Le pointed at the lotus pond and smiled.


 This walkway was quite special, it crossed over the entire lotus pond.


 There were lotuses inside the lotus pond of all colors, they were floating aimlessly, it was a beautiful sight.


 These last days, even though Old Immortal Chen Chi did not meet with Fang Yuan, Chen Le was keeping him company, to look at all the scenic sites in the palaces.


 “This yellow lotus is cute, pure and innocent, it really suits you, Le Er.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 Chen Le lowered her head, she was embarrassed, she said faintly: “Young master, what are you saying? Le Er... Le Er was just happy from seeing these flowers.”


 “I feel very happy seeing you as well, Le Er.” Fang Yuan smiled as he extended his arms, holding Le Er’s hands.


 Chen Le’s body shook, she subconsciously wanted to get free, but Fang Yuan’s hands were holding her tightly.


 Chen Le’s face was bright red, even with her Gu Immortal cultivation level, her brain was in chaos, she struggled as she murmured: “Young master, young master, you...”


 Fang Yuan took a step forward, his body almost completely touching Chen Le.


 Chen Le quickly moved back, because her body was unstable, she fell backwards.


 Fang Yuan held her in his arms as she fell.


 “Be careful, don’t fall.” His gentle voice entered Chen Le’s ears, when Chen Le reacted, she was already lying in Fang Yuan’s arms.


 Chen Le raised her head, she saw Fang Yuan, who was smiling with a hint of cheekiness in his gaze.


 Chen Le was extremely embarrassed, she punched Fang Yuan’s chest softly: “Young master, you are too naughty, you bullied me!”


 Saying this, she struggled out of Fang Yuan’s embrace.


 Fang Yuan gasped, he took a step back, showing intense pain on his face.


 Chen Le quickly moved forward, asking him with deep concern: “Young master, how are you?”


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply: “To speak the truth. not long ago, I engaged in a fierce battle. It is not easy to inherit Hei Fan true inheritance. Many Gu Immortals in the tribe are not willing to see it happen.”


 “So you are injured? Why didn’t you tell me!” Chen Le stomped her feet, her embarrassment was gone, she looked at Fang Yuan’s chest as she asked: “Does it still hurt?”


 “It is a small injury, it is no issue. But with higher cultivation level, my dao marks are deeper, the injuries I suffered are more severe.” Fang Yuan smiled, before shifting the topic: “However, your great grandfather refined Gu and suffered injuries, he is in a similar state as me, right? Otherwise, why would he not meet me for the last few days?”


 Panic flashed across Chen Le’s eyes, she stammered and tried to respond to Fang Yuan.


 Old Immortal Chen Chi could not refuse to meet Fang Yuan without any reason, thus, the excuse he gave was that he had suffered a backlash from Gu refinement failure, his injuries were severe and he could not meet guests.


 Of course, at this timing, how could he suddenly get injured from refining Gu?


 Both parties knew the reason, they did not speak it.


 On that night, the four Gu Immortals including Chen Chi engaged in a secret discussion.


 Chen Le reported: “Ancestor, young master Hei Cheng asked me about your injury today.”


 “Oh? He finally lost his patience huh...” Chen Chi smiled.


 “Thankfully, I managed to conceal it, he was not suspicious. But as time passes, I am afraid...” Chen Le was worried.


 The other three Gu Immortals looked at each other, smiling.


 Chen Le was well protected by her family, she was unhardened and innocent, she did not know that Fang Yuan knew about it clearly. The fact that he asked about Chen Chi’s injuries was a subtle reminder.


 The male Gu Immortal Chen Li Zhi thought for a moment before saying: “It seems that we have to talk to this Hei Cheng properly.”



***
Chapter 1123 - What is this Gus Name?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Old Immortal Chen Chi shook his head, he said with an unmoved expression: “So what if we wait a few more days? There is no rush.”


 Chen Li Zhi said worriedly: “He understands the situation, if we drag this out, he might get annoyed. If he is forced away and goes to Zheng Tuo’s side, it would be troublesome.”


 “Little Zhi, don’t worry.” Chen Chi smiled, analyzing: “The final test of the true inheritance requires half of the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven to support Hei Cheng. Right now in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, disregarding Hei Cheng himself, there are nine Gu Immortals. We have four people on our side, we are nearly half of the total. This is a huge quantity, as long as he gets our support, he would already be one step from winning. As long as he gets one more person’s vote, he would succeed. There is no way he did not consider this.”


 “Even if he gives up on our side and go to the other Gu Immortals, he would face trouble. The situation is different now, he is an outsider, if he wants our support, he has to give up some benefits, he needs to put up something for our gain. Moreover, those three, Zheng Tuo and the others, are more ambitious.”


 Chen Li Zhi did not speak, instead, Chen Wan Yun said: “Old ancestor, actually, I have an idea. If Hei Cheng cannot get half of the Gu Immortals’ votes, wouldn’t he fail? As long as Hei Fan true inheritance remains on Immortal Succession Mountain, one day, our descendants would ascend to the top and obtain it, right? We have been guarding Hei Fan’s true inheritance for countless generations, even Old Ancestor Hei Fan gave us the rights to vie for it, are we really going to give it to an outsider?”


 “Hei Cheng is not an outsider, he is from the main tribe.” Chen Le rebuked.


 “Le Er, don’t forget, the main tribe is enjoying freedom and glory in the outside world. As for us, we have been trapped here for generations, suffering in torment!” Chen Wan Yun said grimly.


 Chen Le had a bitter expression, she stopped talking.


 Chen Chi shook his head: “Yun Er, I had considered your words long ago, this would not work.”


 “Firstly, it is extremely difficult for mortals to ascend Immortal Succession Mountain, even if we nurture them and a lucky person shows up, when would they finally inherit the true inheritance? Decades? Centuries? Nobody knows.”


 “Secondly, even though Hei Cheng is alone, don’t forget about the Hei tribesmen behind him, there are a huge number of Hei tribe Gu Immortals. If he fails, that is only his personal failure. Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals are going to continue coming here. By then, can we stop them all? Are we going to stop all of the main tribe’s Gu Immortal? Can we? Other than the four of us, can Zheng Tuo and the rest be trusted?”


 These Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven did not know about treasure yellow heaven, after so many years and generations, they could not connect to treasure yellow heaven. Thus, they had no idea what happened to Hei tribe. Fang Yuan lied and concealed the truth, he easily deceived these Gu Immortals, running around them in circles.


 Chen Chi’s words made the rest of the immortals’ expressions change.


 Chen Le added: “That’s right, today, young master Hei Cheng told me that it was a tough process to defeat those Hei tribe Gu Immortals and obtain victory. Even until now, he is still injured.”


 Chen Chi nodded, continuing to analyze: “Hei Cheng was able to emerge victorious, he is not ordinary at all. He has rank seven cultivation level, and the upper extreme heavenly eagle with him, he has great prospects. If we help him now, it would be giving him timely assistance, when we return to the main tribe, we will have a firm foundation under him, wouldn’t that be great?”


 “However, we are not going to help him without any rewards. He has to pay a price, if he does not give up some benefits, he would not cherish our help. He would not feel gratitude towards us.”


 “Old ancestor is right.” Chen Li Zhi said.


 “We will not go wrong listening to ancestor!” Chen Le smiled.


 Chen Chi sighed eerily, he looked at the three Gu Immortals, saying with deep emotions: “I am old, my lifespan is almost up. I only want you descendants to live better in the future. When I go into the door of life and death, I will rest in peace.”


 “Ancestor, don’t say things like that, you will definitely live a long time.” Chen Le’s eyes turned red.


 Chen Li Zhi said firmly: “Ancestor, don’t forget about lifespan Gu! To obtain our support, that Hei Cheng has to give us something, lifespan Gu is definitely one of our conditions.”


 Chen Chi’s eyes flashed deeply, he looked at Chen Le: “Forget about lifespan Gu, at the very least, we need to make sure Le Er fulfills her wish, and gets together with her lover.”


 Chen Le’s face was flushed red with embarrassment, she stood up as she stomped her feet: “Ancestor, you are making fun of me again!”


 Hahaha...


 In the secret room, laughter was echoing.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan stood on the garden of his accommodation, raising his head towards the night sky.


 This Hei Fan grotto-heaven had a clear day and night, daytime was long, while night time was short.


 This was something that only happened in grotto-heavens, blessed lands usually did not have day and night.


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s night sky had no stars, but the darkness was not pitch-black, if one looked closely, it had azure color.


 A cool wind blew, Fang Yuan’s arms were behind his back, he looked at the sky as he sorted out the information that he had obtained recently.


 These last days, he had been interacting with Chen Le, obtaining a lot of precious information from this gullible girl, he had clear and extensive knowledge regarding Hei Fan grotto-heaven and the Gu Immortals inside it.


 Moreover, he had developed his ideas regarding Hei Fan true inheritance further.


 “It is almost time, in just two days, the time will be ripe.” Fang Yuan thought, cold light flashed across his eyes, shining deeply.


 Two days went by in an instant.


 It was noon, bright sunlight radiated in the palace, making it extremely lively.


 Winds blew, birds chirped, it was a beautiful sight.


 From outside Chen Chi’s room, Fang Yuan’s voice could be heard: “I came here without informing you, I hope you can forgive me.”


 “He finally lost his patience. But he already waited for quite some time.” Chen Chi was not surprised.


 The entire group of palaces was a huge mortal Gu House, Fang Yuan’s actions were all under his observation.


 The door opened on its own.


 Chen Chi sat on his bed, half lying down, he said weakly: “Esteemed guest, you are here, but I am unable to get up and attend to you.”


 Fang Yuan quickly walked in, standing in front of the bed, saying worriedly: “It seems that you are heavily injured. You are a rule path Gu Immortal, after considering deeply, I thought of a way to lighten your injuries.”


 Chen Chi had no injuries: “Superior immortal, I am grateful for your concern, but my injury is not something that can be healed easily.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Friend, you might not know, my immortal killer move is a signature method of our tribe. Even though the core Immortal Gu is still in the tribe, I know the content of the killer move. I will pass this immortal killer move to you, you can change the core and it might help with your injuries.”


 “How can I accept this great gift?” Chen Chi quickly rejected.


 Fang Yuan said warmly: “I feel like we are close friends, these last few days, I have been imposing on all of you. The killer move will be my gift in return.”


 “Superior immortal, this gift is simply too valuable.” Chen Chi continued to reject it.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, his tone became very worried: “How can an immortal killer move express my true sincerity? Oh! Honestly speaking, this Hei Fan true inheritance’s final test is troubling me greatly. I hope you can give me some advice.”


 Chen Chi heard this and his eyes shined, he understood Fang Yuan’s words. He was here to exchange benefits for support.


 Chen Chi subconsciously sat up, saying: “In my humble opinion, this matter is like refining Gu. When refining Gu, the fire is very important. It has to be large at times, and small at other times, we have to deal with important matters more patiently. Hehe, I am ashamed! I have a lot of interest in Gu refinement, so I spouted nonsense, please ignore me.”


 This was not nonsense, it was simply bullshit!


 As a rule path Gu Immortal, why are you so interested in refinement path?


 But Fang Yuan knew what he was trying to say, he smiled: “The main tribe has countless books on refinement path, as long as I obtain the true inheritance, I will be able to grant everyone freedom. When you return to the main tribe, these books will all be accessible to you. And I have collected a number of refinement path methods and Gu recipes as well. When I succeed, I can give them all to you, why not?”


 Chen Chi nodded, showing a pleased expression.


 But he quickly said: “I love refinement path, it is truly a time wasting hobby. But my nephew Chen Li Zhi is an enslavement path Gu Immortal, he is so envious of your upper extreme heavenly eagle.”


 Fang Yuan’s expression sank: “There is only one upper extreme heavenly eagle, it cannot be given away. But there are a lot of iron crown eagles in the main tribe, they are famous in Northern Plains. I can assure that everyone will get one once we return.”


 Chen Chi’s joy flashed on his face, he sighed: “In the past, Old Ancestor Hei Fan suppressed Qiao tribe, it was to obtain their secret of raising eagles. To think that after so many years, they had already developed to this extent. But our ancestors were criminals, when we return to the main tribe, what circumstances will we face, I am truly worried!”


 “No need to worry, I can assure that everyone will be very welcomed back in Hei tribe, after all, your return means that the tribe becomes stronger as well.” Fang Yuan paused before saying: “As for the crime, it occurred so many generations ago, once I get the true inheritance, I will spare everyone. You have all defended Hei Fan grotto-heaven for so many years, your merits outweigh your crimes, and because you also helped me obtain the true inheritance... Hehe, when I return to the main tribe, I will uphold justice for everyone!”


 Chen Chi smiled: “Superior immortal, you are a dragon among men, an absolute genius, your words are truly reliable, after hearing this, I am somewhat assured.”


 “I thank you for your trust. We all have Hei tribe’s bloodline, we are one family. However... as for the other immortals outside, it will depend on their performance.” Fang Yuan vaguely suggested.


 His meaning was: first come first serve, whoever supports him first will gain greater benefits when they return to the main tribe.


 Chen Chi nodded, he was a sly fox, he naturally understood what Fang Yuan meant.


 He smiled: “Superior immortal, your words are truly enlightening, they are amazing. Especially the word family, it is so apt.”


 Saying so, he looked at Fang Yuan, seeing his slight smile, he felt deeper confidence, he asked: “What do you think of Little Le?”


 Fang Yuan’s smile faded, he answered: “Intelligent and eloquent, innocent and lively, she is very attractive.”


 “I will not lie to you, Le Er is secretly in love with you. Sigh, it is a pity! Superior immortal, you are such a talented person, how could she match you. Sigh, as her ancestor, I am unable to fulfill her wish. I only hope that Le Er, this poor child, is able to forget about superior immortal and find her own happiness in the future.” Chen Le sighed.


 Fang Yuan no longer smiled, he frowned as he considered, before saying solemnly: “I will not lie to you either, I am in love with Chen Le, I am willing to marry her as my wife!”


 If he really loved her, he should be yelling happily in excitement, he would not show a solemn expression after considering it.


 But Chen Chi ignored it completely, as if he could not understand it.


 Fang Yuan snickered internally, he could understand why. This Chen Chi kept saying he was thinking for his descendant’s future, but was that true? He was sacrificing Chen Le to gain his own benefits!


 Chen Chi laughed loudly, Fang Yuan’s reply was very satisfactory to him, even though he said it reluctantly.


 He went overboard, his smile vanished, he sighed deeply: “Sigh, it is a pity that my lifespan is running out, I will not be able to attend you and Le Er’s wedding.”


 Fang Yuan instantly understood, this old fellow was asking for lifespan Gu! His expression turned grim, he stopped smiling, he said dryly: “That’s not the case at all, in my opinion, you are truly hale and hearty, your appetite is truly great.”


 Old Immortal Chen Chi chuckled as he looked at Fang Yuan directly, he showed a determined expression that was not backing off: “I am truly ashamed, actually, I am a very greedy person, not only do I want to attend the wedding of superior immortal and Le Er, I also want to see the children that you have after getting married. After all, those are my descendants as well.”


 Fang Yuan began to prance around, his eyebrows were tightly pursed, he said directly: “Lifespan Gu are hard to find, they are very precious, I am unable to give them away.”


 “This treasure from heaven is truly hard to obtain.” Old Immortal Chen Chi nodded, as if he had expected Fang Yuan’s reply already, he continued: “But there is no need to worry. I’ll let you know, this Hei Fan grotto-heaven also produces lifespan Gu, they are all gathered and collected. The heavenly spirit might be mindless, but Old Ancestor Hei Fan had his arrangements. If I am not wrong, there are definitely lifespan Gu within Hei Fan’s true inheritance. I... sigh, I only need three hundred years worth of lifespan Gu.”


 “Three hundred years?!” Fang Yuan stared at Chen Chi angrily.


 Chen Chi was still smiling comfortably.


 Fang Yuan turned furious: “Three hundred is too much, I don’t even have a single one! I will only give a hundred.”


 “One hundred and fifty.” Chen Chi bargained, he finally put down his act.


 Fang Yuan walked for a few more rounds, gritting his teeth: “Forget it, I will give you a hundred and fifty!”


 “Deal!” Chen Chi clapped, smiling widely and happily, he stopped caring about his face.


 After all, this was more than a hundred years of lifespan, how could a bit of face compare to it?


 Chen Chi looked at Fang Yuan, smiling even more deeply now: “Superior immortal, I heard from Le Er that you have a lot of Immortal Gu, I wonder if you can let me have a look to broaden my horizons?”


 Fang Yuan was stunned before flying into a rage, he gritted his teeth at Chen Chi.


 This old fellow was too greedy, he said he wanted to take a look, but the truth was, he wanted Fang Yuan to use an Immortal Gu to exchange for his support!


 Chen Chi saw Fang Yuan turning furious and his heart jumped, but soon, he thought that this was a rare chance, there would be no opportunities like this again. After they returned to the main tribe, would this occur again?


 Thus, he quickly said: “Superior immortal, this is my final request, as long as I get it, the four of us will definitely support you.”


 Fang Yuan began prancing again.


 He took heavy steps, as if the concrete floor had an unresolvable deep enmity with him.


 Chen Chi observed his expression, seeing that Fang Yuan’s anger was fading and he was actually thinking about it, he let down his guard.


 He felt great joy inside him: “Success!”


 As expected, after a moment, Fang Yuan stopped his movements, he stood in front of the bed with an Immortal Gu in his hand.


 “Rank seven Immortal Gu!” Chen Chi shouted, feeling surprised and joyful.


 “This is a sword path Immortal Gu, it is not compatible with me, otherwise, you would never see this!” Fang Yuan said angrily.


 “What is this Gu’s name?” Chen Chi’s eyes were shining, he watched as Fang Yuan handed the Gu over to him.


 “Wait, I’ll exchange with this one instead.” Fang Yuan suddenly changed his mind, he retracted his arm as he took out another Gu from his immortal aperture.


 Chen Chi’s gaze subconsciously moved to Fang Yuan’s other arm.


 No sooner said than done!


 The sword path Immortal Gu activated!


 Sword path killer move — Dark Assassination!!


 Chen Chi was staring blankly, the bloody mark left on his forehead enlarged as blood started to spew out from the front and back of his head.


 He was dead!



***
Chapter 1124 - Dark Assassination


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 With Chen Chi’s death, all the palaces started shaking.


 The group of palaces were all mortal Gu Houses, they were under Old Immortal Chen Chi’s control.


 But Fang Yuan came prepared, at his will, he activated arrangements that were prepared long ago.


 At once, the tremors of the palaces settled down and did not continue.


 This was one of Fang Yuan’s preparations these last days.


 Mortal Gu Houses were nothing special to Gu Immortals. Unless it was regarding an Immortal Gu House, but how could these Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven have that?


 Hei Fan was ruthless, before he died, he killed all of the criminal Hei tribe Gu Immortals. The inheritances left behind were naturally lacking some crucial information, there was no way they contained information about Immortal Gu Houses.


 And with just these Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, there was little hope of them creating an Immortal Gu House.


 Furthermore, even though the palaces were huge and grand, the methods used were too old. Fang Yuan could easily unravel them. Old Immortal Chen Chi letting him stay here for such a long time was a huge mistake!


 “These Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven have lived in peace for too long, without great struggle and competition to spur on progress, they have basically no alertness.” Fang Yuan looked at Old Immortal Chen Chi’s corpse, snickering in disdain.


 Chen Chi died with his eyes wide open, he was still in shock, Fang Yuan had attacked too quickly, he could not even react to show fear.


 Fang Yuan confirmed that Chen Chi was dead, before keeping him inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Next, he used familiar face, turning into Old Immortal Chen Chi’s appearance and leaving the room, walking out openly.


 “Greetings to old ancestor!”


 “Greetings to old ancestor!”


 Along the way, Fang Yuan met many Gu Masters and mortals of all genders and age. After seeing Fang Yuan, they knelt down, expressing their most respectful greetings.


 Every time, Fang Yuan activated his Gu worms, using a formless force to help them stand up, he asked them some questions in encouragement, these descendants of Chen Chi were extremely grateful to him.


 They did not know that the real Chen Chi had already been killed by Fang Yuan, they were greeting the culprit.


 They did not suspect a thing, because this was how Old Immortal Chen Chi usually acted.


 Fang Yuan had been toying with Chen Le these last days, he obtained a lot of intel, among which were Chen Chi’s habits.


 Otherwise, with just familiar face, he could only disguise his appearance, he could not alter his actions to fit those of Old Immortal Chen Chi as well.


 Fang Yuan walked openly and confidently. After a while, he arrived at a palace.


 “Ancestor, why are you here?” Chen Li Zhi heard a disturbance and walked out of the palace, greeting him.


 He looked at Fang Yuan with much puzzlement.


 He was not suspecting his identity, of course, instead, he was thinking, ancestor was clearly using the excuse of being bedridden currently to delay the meeting with Hei Cheng. Why did he appear in public so openly today, going against the original plan?


 “Little Zhi, that Hei Cheng came to me secretly earlier, we have already finished negotiating. Let’s go in, I have a matter to discuss with you.” Fang Yuan said slowly, he patted Chen Li Zhi’s back, he walked ahead with his arms behind his back.


 The entire group of palaces were mortal Gu Houses.


 But these three Gu Immortals’ accommodations respectively belonged to them.


 On this point, Old Immortal Chen Chi could not interfere. He could not control the lives of his descendants to this extent, right?


 Chen Li Zhi heard Fang Yuan’s words and his thoughts shifted, his suspicions were lifted, he quickly moved forward, leading the way.


 “Ancestor, please take a seat.” He bowed, directing Fang Yuan to his seat.


 “Please have some tea.” Soon, he prepared a high quality tea and handed it over with both hands, having a respectful attitude.


 After handing over the tea, Chen Li Zhi went down to sit at a lower seat.


 After drinking the tea, Fang Yuan saw that Chen Li Zhi was seated far from himself, he said: “Oh, Little Zhi, bring your chair over, sit beside me.”


 Chen Li Zhi was shocked and pleased, he joyfully answered: “Yes, ancestor. I will stand beside you and listen to your guidance.”


 How could he stand?


 There was a difference between sitting and standing.


 When standing, one’s muscles were contracted, they could move rapidly.


 When seated, the body relaxed, even their mental state would be affected, they would let down their guard.


 Fang Yuan wanted to kill Chen Li Zhi, he had to make ample preparations.


 Thus, Fang Yuan pretended to be unhappy: “I asked you to move your chair, why are you being so reluctant? I have already talked to Hei Cheng, now, we need to deal with Zheng Tuo’s gang. I need to entrust many matters to you, Yun Er and Le Er are both women, at the crucial moment, Little Zhi, you have to handle more responsibilities.”


 Chen Li Zhi had countless thoughts in his mind, he had a feeling of joy after receiving recognition.


 “Yes.” He quickly moved his chair, sitting beside Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan saw that the doors were open, he said: “Close the doors, these words are better kept as a secret from outsiders.”


 Chen Li Zhi had no doubts, he followed the instructions.


 “Hei Cheng could not endure it anymore, he came to me. After negotiating with Hei Cheng for a long time, he promised us many benefits, he is very sincere...” Fang Yuan said slowly.


 Chen Li Zhi listened attentively.


 He wanted to ask what price Hei Cheng paid, but because his ancestor did not mention it, he did not dare to ask.


 Right now, Fang Yuan started to satisfy his curiosity, he exaggerated the amount somewhat, causing Chen Li Zhi to listen with joy and excitement.


 “Hei Cheng actually offered a rank seven Immortal Gu?” At the end, Chen Li Zhi gasped, he was truly overjoyed.


 “Will I lie to you? Take a look.” Fang Yuan chuckled, taking out flying sword Immortal Gu.


 “Good Gu, this is a good Gu.” Chen Li Zhi quickly praised.


 “Oh Little Zhi...” Fang Yuan said slowly.


 Chen Li Zhi immediately raised his head, his ancestor was talking to him, how could he be distracted?


 At this instance, sword light flashed!


 Chen Li Zhi was startled, there seemed to be a flash of light just then?


 Next, he looked at Fang Yuan’s hand subconsciously, the flying sword Immortal Gu there was gone.


 Why did the Gu vanish?


 Chen Li Zhi was perplexed, but suddenly, he felt his body going weak, there was a warm liquid flowing down his forehead.


 Suddenly, his world started spinning.


 He fell onto the ground, kneeling. One of his hands was on the floor supporting himself, while he attempted to grab Fang Yuan’s robe with the other, but he did not succeed.


 Plop.


 He fell onto the ground, completely dead.


 Fang Yuan’s warm smile vanished, his expression turned icy cold.


 Doing the same thing as before, Fang Yuan suppressed this palace as well, preventing it from shaking, others could not see any problems.


 Next, he gathered Chen Li Zhi’s corpse and kept it in his immortal aperture, he opened the palace doors and left.


 There were two female Gu Immortals remaining, Chen Wan Yun had greater threat, Fang Yuan’s next target was her!


 “Sister, I finally succeeded in my new move, concealment within.” Chen Le smiled and said to Chen Wan Yun.


 “Is that so?” Chen Wan Yun heard this and was overjoyed, she looked at Chen Le with an expression of satisfaction: “It seems that our Le Er is finally working hard. Let me guess, who is the person who motivated you to cultivate this hard?”


 Chen Wan Yun pretended to think, she continued: “Hmm... I think this person has the surname Hei, and there is only one other word in his full name...”


 Before she finished, Chen Le interrupted: “Sister, stop teasing me! I was very hardworking to begin with, okay!”


 “Is that so?” Chen Wan Yun smiled as she saw Chen Le’s shy appearance, she thought: “Le Er might be innocent and grew up under our protection, but she knows how impressive Hei Cheng is, thus she is trying to improve herself. I was going to remind her, but it seems that I was worried for nothing.”


 Chen Le could not deal with this glance, she took a step back, vanishing from Chen Wan Yun’s sight.


 “Sister, I used concealment within, can you find me? Hehe, do you know where I am?” In an instant, Chen Wan Yun could hear Chen Le’s voice near her.


 “Cheeky girl, after I find you, I will deal with you!” Chen Wan Yun showed an evil appearance, she was about to use her investigative killer move, when suddenly, she felt some disturbance outside, she was curious: “Why is ancestor here? Le Er, stop playing, go with me to greet him.”


 Chen Le was about to dispel her immortal killer move, but suddenly, she had an idea, she remembered the time when Old Immortal Chen Chi made fun of her, she pouted: “Forget it, I will listen secretly by the side, let’s see if ancestor can find me. If he cannot find me, and I appear suddenly, he would be in shock. Hehehe.”


 “Oh you, you are too mischievous, you will not be able to get married.” Chen Wan Yun shook her head, walking out of the palace to greet Old Immortal Chen Chi.


 Fang Yuan had familiar face, Chen Wan Yun and Chen Le could not find out his true identity. But Fang Yuan did not have an outstanding investigative killer move, he could not find Chen Le, who was concealed. In fact, even if he had a killer move like that, he could not use it openly.


 Once he used it, his immortal aura would leak, it would invite suspicion.


 Only immortal methods like dark assassination could completely conceal the aura of Immortal Gu, without leaking a trace, one could sneak attack and catch an enemy unprepared.


 Chen Wan Yun brought Fang Yuan to his seat, she wanted to call Chen Le to come out, how could she peek at them with such disrespect?


 But thinking about it: “Old ancestor dotes on Le Er, he gained a lot of benefits just now after negotiating with young master Hei Cheng, he is in a good mood. Even if ancestor discovers Le Er in hiding, he would surely not blame her.”


 Thinking of that, Chen Wan Yun pretended to be unaware, passing the tea to him.


 Fang Yuan drank a mouthful, he did the same thing again, asking Chen Wan Yun to sit closer to him.


 Chen Le watched as she held in her laughter, she felt extremely excited.


 Next, as she listened to Fang Yuan and Chen Wan Yun’s words, she gradually focused and upon hearing their gains, she was very happy, but she started worrying for Fang Yuan: “Young master Hei Cheng paid such a huge price, will this affect him negatively?”


 Soon after, Fang Yuan took out flying sword Immortal Gu: “This rank seven sword path Immortal Gu was given to me by Hei Cheng, adding on to his previous offer. Yun Er, I want you to go to the cave where the three immortals live, using this as a chip to convince the three immortals to support Hei Cheng, are you willing to do it?”


 Chen Wan Yun quickly got up: “Ancestor, I will follow your instructions.”


 “Good, good, good.” Fang Yuan chuckled.


 Chen Le’s gaze was focused on flying sword Immortal Gu as well.


 This was the first time she was seeing a rank seven Immortal Gu, she could not hold in her curiosity, she wanted to jump out and give a surprise to her ancestor.


 But at the next moment, a change occurred!


 Dark assassination activated again.


 How could Chen Wan Yun anticipate that her beloved ancestor, someone with such closeness to her, would attack?


 Without any defense, this gentle female immortal followed in the footsteps of Chen Chi and Chen Li Zhi.


 Chen Wan Yun was killed!


 Fang Yuan retrieved Flying Sword, he sent the corpse into his immortal aperture, he got rid of the blood stains and left.


 Chen Le was still concealed, she was covering her mouth with her hands, her eyes were wide open and staring, but her pupils had shrunk to pin size.


 Her nostrils were expanded, she was breathing in deeply.


 Her delicate body was shivering, tears were flowing down her beautiful tender cheeks silently.


 Unbelievable!


 Extreme terror!!


 “How can this be? How can this happen!”


 “What did I just see? What just happened?!”


 “Is this an illusion? Definitely, this is all an illusion!”


 “How can this be? Hehehe, hahaha, ancestor killed sister Yun Er?! How can that be!”


 But the truth was in front of her very eyes.


 Hearsay could be wrong, but seeing was believing!


 Cold, cruel, she could not doubt what she saw at all!


 Plop.


 She knelt on the ground, collapsing weakly.


 Her shoulders moved up and down, she was sobbing. On her lively face, there was fear, terror, confusion, and helplessness.


 Her hands were still covering her mouth, she was desperately covering it, as if this could protect her.



***
Chapter 1125 - More Killing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Why did her ancestor kill Chen Wan Yun?


 Chen Le could not understand, she could not imagine why.


 She sobbed, her body shuddered, she suddenly thought of Chen Li Zhi. Did ancestor also go to find and kill him?


 This was a simple inference.


 No matter what, she had to find Chen Li Zhi and tell him about this!


 At the crucial moment, Chen Le did not think of Hei Cheng, she thought of the Gu Immortals who were her most closely related family members.


 Chen Le realized what she had to do, she stopped crying, standing up and activating her immortal killer move, concealing her appearance and running towards Chen Li Zhi’s palace.


 But Fang Yuan did not go to Chen Li Zhi’s palace as Chen Le was thinking.


 He did not discover Chen Le, and he had already killed Chen Li Zhi, thus, his final course of action was to go to Chen Le.


 To find her and kill her!


 A moment later, Chen Le arrived at Chen Li Zhi’s place.


 “Why is there no one here?” Chen Le searched the palace, but did not find Chen Li Zhi.


 Of course, she saw many mortals and Gu Masters.


 But Chen Le did not alert them, even if she told them this shocking news, they might not believe her.


 In the empty hall, fear and helplessness emerged again in Chen Le’s heart.


 Ancestor Chen Chi had killed Chen Wan Yun, Chen Li Zhi was missing as well, he was likely to have met with disaster.


 Chen Le could not help but cry again.


 “What should I do? Oh, oh no! Young master Hei Cheng!” Chen Le finally thought of Fang Yuan at this time, she jolted back to focus.


 She felt that at this moment, the most reliable person was Hei Cheng.


 She turned around, towards Hei Cheng’s accommodation.


 Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan arrived at Chen Le’s palace.


 Nobody was here?


 “Strange, where would she go at this time?” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 The situation was changing beyond his expectations.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and looked up at the sky of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, it was cloudless and azure in color.


 Fang Yuan smiled at the sky, before going towards his own accommodation.


 Where could Chen Le go?


 There were only a few places.


 Gu Immortals and mortals did not have many common topics of interest.


 Returning to his accommodations, Fang Yuan turned into Hei Cheng, waiting for Chen Le to come.


 At this time, a bright light was shot into the sky, it went up and spread out in all directions, it was bright and piercing to the eyes.


 “Is this the thing Chen Le mentioned before... that warning of bright light, to ask the immortals to work together in defense?” Fang Yuan frowned instantly.


 These days, he had been getting intel from Chen Le.


 Among which, one of them was about the time when Gu Immortals first appeared in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they struggled against desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 The first few generations of Gu Immortals joined forces to resist them. Normally, they would be in different parts of the grotto-heaven, but when one side was attacked, they would send out a signal during critical times, inviting Gu Immortals from other areas to help out, and paying them afterwards.


 “As the number of Gu Immortals increased in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they got stronger, and this warning of bright light has not been used for a hundred years. This time, it must have been sent out by Chen Le. Hehe, I underestimated this girl, she dealt with the situation well!” Fang Yuan smiled.


 With his craftiness, he already deduced many things.


 He had already killed three people, only Chen Le was left. And the warning method could only be used by Gu Immortals, it was clear that Chen Le had activated it.


 Why did Chen Le activate this without meeting him?


 Evidently, she had found out that one of the others had met with disaster.


 No matter where she is hiding or what method she used, since she did not come to find him, that meant she was suspicious of him.


 Then, the immortals were going to gather together now, how would Fang Yuan deal with them?


 Actually, a moment ago.


 Chen Le was about to find Hei Cheng, when she suddenly had a thought, even if she found young master Hei Cheng, what if he could not defeat her ancestor?


 Chen Le did not know about Hei Cheng’s strength, but in her mind, she felt that Old Immortal Chen Chi had deep and immeasurable power. This was the result of Old Immortal Chen Chi’s authority that had been ingrained in her.


 “I have to think of a perfect method!” Chen Le thus thought of the warning of bright light.


 The alert of bright light soared into the sky, Chen Le’s mind slowly calmed down.


 “Will ancestor come to find me after seeing this light?” Thinking of this, Chen Le started feeling scared again.


 She gritted her teeth, she decided to go find Fang Yuan.


 From start to finish, she did not suspect that Fang Yuan was the culprit!


 When bright light soared to the sky, Gu Immortals in all the other areas reacted.


 “What happened? At this timing, old man Chen Chi actually sent a warning signal and asked us to go help him?” In front of their cave, Feng Jun frowned upon seeing the light in the sky.


 Zhou Min also had a look of suspicion: “This matter is quite peculiar. Old Immortal Chen Chi has a total of four immortals, they are the strongest force among us. Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, what kind of ancient desolate beast can make Chen Chi ask us for help?”


 “You think this matter has to do with Hei Cheng?” Zheng Tuo pondered.


 “Most likely.” Feng Jun nodded: “This warning of bright light has not been used for a hundred years, it is strange that it is activated at this time. Hei Cheng has already stayed at old man Chen Chi’s place for some days. They might have come to an agreement now, and are working together.”


 “Old Immortal Chen Chi will definitely provide support if Hei Cheng is willing to give him enough benefits, it is not surprising.” Zheng Tuo thought over it: “No matter whether there really is an ancient desolate beast attack, or if Chen Chi is trying to scheme against us, we need to go and investigate the situation.”


 “That’s right, we have practised blood light spirit suppression and are at the crucial moment. In a few days, we will be able to suppress the heavenly spirit and take the true inheritance forcefully. We need to stall for time now, but we need to be careful of what the other side is planning. We will give in to them for now, in a few days, Hei Fan grotto-heaven will belong to us!” Feng Jun snickered.


 Immediately the three immortals moved out, towards Old Immortal Chen Chi’s palace.


 At the same time, the two lone Gu Immortals also went there.


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven was not small, but the Gu Immortals lived quite close to each other.


 And because the three immortals used immortal killer moves, disregarding the immortal essence to travel.


 In a moment, they were already halfway there.


 At this time, a flying figure appeared in front of the three immortals.


 “Its Chen Le!” Zhou Min was the first to recognize the person.


 Chen Le was bathed in blood, she had a shocked expression, she seemed to be escaping for her life, the three immortals looked at each other.


 Was there really an ancient desolate beast attack?


 “Chen Le, slow down, we are here, what happened over there?” Zheng Tuo called out.


 Chen Le saw these three immortals and was overjoyed with surprise: “Seniors! It is great to see you. That Hei Cheng is heinous, after failing to negotiate with our ancestor, he used a sneak attack and killed sister Wan Yun! I was the one who sent the warning, I escaped, but Hei Cheng is still chasing me, thankfully, I had my immortal killer move’s concealment, I managed to survive.”


 “What!” The three immortals heard this and were deeply shocked.


 “Hei Cheng is so daring?”


 “He dared to attack Old Immortal Chen Chi, he is so vicious and ruthless, he is likely going to attack us as well.”


 “Strange, he has to get Hei Fan’s true inheritance, without our support, how can he get it?”


 “A life for a life is perfectly justified. We will have to take down Hei Cheng!”


 “To play safe, we need to gather with the other Gu Immortals. Chen Le, don’t worry, we are family, we will definitely uphold justice for you!”


 “Justice?” Chen Le smiled suddenly, attacking.


 Under the three immortals’ shocked gazes, sword light flashed and stabbed into Zheng Tuo’s body.


 Zheng Tuo was caught unawares, even though he had a mortal killer move defending him, dark assassination was an immortal killer move, with rank seven Immortal Gu Flying Sword as the core, it could not be stopped, it cut him into half on the spot!


 Instantly, Zheng Tuo died!


 “Brother!!” Zhou Min shouted.


 Feng Jun was furious, he clapped his hands, intense winds assaulted Fang Yuan.


 “Oh brother—!” Zhou Min cried out, watching the two halves of Zheng Tuo’s corpse fall to the ground, his organs and blood scattered in the air.


 Feng Jun carried Zhou Min, dragging her as they retreated.


 “Chen Le, are you crazy! You dared to kill my brother Zheng Tuo, I will fight it out with you!” Zhou Min growled, her beautiful face was flushed red: “I will kill you!”


 “Kill me?” Chen Le stopped her movement, she scoffed as she looked at Zhou Min in disdain: “You?”


 Zhou Min was furious, she struggled intensely, getting free from Feng Jun’s arms: “Brother, what are you doing! Let go of me, this lowly bitch killed our big brother! She killed him! I will pull out her skull and use it as an offering for our brother!!”


 “Calm down, sister! Don’t fall for his provocations. How can this be Chen Le? Don’t you know Chen Le? Earlier, that was a sword path immortal killer move! This is not Chen Le!” Feng Jun shouted, looking at Chen Le, his eyes were bursting with fire, filled with hatred.


 “It seems that someone here has some brains.” Chen Le smiled, her appearance changed suddenly, becoming that of Hei Cheng.


 “You are indeed Hei Cheng!” Feng Jun’s body shook.


 “Scoundrel!!!” Zhou Min scolded.


 “From their expressions, it seems that they were not aware that I was the killer. Strange... Chen Le did not use any information path Gu worms to tell them?” Fang Yuan was confused.


 He did not know that from start to finish, Chen Le did not suspect him.


 After creating the warning, Chen Le ran off to his accommodations.


 Fang Yuan returned to his room long ago, but after seeing the warning of bright light while waiting for Chen Le, he thought he was exposed. Thus, he adapted to the circumstances and went out to weaken the remaining immortals’ battle strength in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Since Chen Chi’s side had three immortals dead already, the next largest group were the three immortals who were sworn siblings. 

 Thus, Fang Yuan turned into Chen Le’s appearance, flying towards their cave.


 In the end, he met the three immortals and used dark assassination to kill the most threatening of them, the blood path Gu Immortal Zheng Tuo.


 Meanwhile, Chen Le went to Fang Yuan’s room, she could not find him, she felt disappointment and immense worry.


 She did not know that out of sheer coincidence, she had narrowly escaped death.


 “I did not put any hope in this disguised assassination attempt, but the process was unexpectedly smooth. The Gu Immortals inside this Hei Fan grotto-heaven are truly incomparable to Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals. After such a long period of peace, they have low vigilance. Anyway, I should kill these two first.”


 Thoughts churned in his mind like fireworks, Fang Yuan thought of many things, but only a moment had passed in the outside world.


 His lips curled up, he charged towards Feng Jun and Zhou Min.


 To kill!



***
Chapter 1126 - Verge of Death


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “He actually charged over!” Feng Jun’s pupils shrunk, he was stunned by Fang Yuan’s courage.


 Fang Yuan charged forward relentlessly, even though he was alone, his stance was overwhelming, it was as if he was clad in wind and lightning!


 Killing intent surged, it was like a terrifying claw, slashing towards the veil of life and death.


 The Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven would often spar with each other, but when would they ever be in a life and death situation against each other?


 “Retreat!” At once, Feng Jun only had one word in his mind.


 In contrast, Zhou Min was spewing with anger, she said excitedly: “Good! Scoundrel, get ready to die!!”


 She was already beyond furious, she wanted to take revenge for her brother, she wanted to tear this scoundrel, Fang Yuan, into pieces, to pull out his tendons and snap his bones!


 Feng Jun dragged along Zhou Min as they escaped, but Zhou Min had already activated her immortal killer move.


 Her eyes were wide open as they stared, golden white light shot out of her eyes. The light was extremely sharp, as if it was made of blades and daggers.


 Zhou Min was a light path Gu Immortal, she was nurtured by a Gu Immortal from a past generation, she had sight light Immortal Gu.


 And she was currently activating her strongest move — Farsight Weapon Light!


 “It is this move.” Fang Yuan saw Zhou Min’s actions and came to a realization, his charging speed increased instead!


 In his mind, he recalled a scene from a few days ago.


 “Young master Hei Cheng, why are you sighing?” Chen Le asked: “Do you not like this scenery?”


 “Thanks for your concern, Miss Le Er. The scenery is beautiful, I am truly impressed. But I have the mission of inheriting Hei Fan’s true inheritance, I am very worried... As I recall, Zheng Tuo and the others are not easy to talk to...” Fang Yuan acted like he was troubled.


 Chen Le frowned too: “Indeed... ancestor had said this before, those three Gu Immortals have their own ambitions, they are different from us.”


 “Birds of a feather flock together, those three are ambitious people! Even if I obtain your support, I will still be short of obtaining the true inheritance. Do you think these three would find trouble with me on the pretext of sparring? Will they obstruct us?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Chen Le smiled: “No need to worry, actually, if you know about them, those three immortals are not scary. For example, Gu Immortal Zhou Min has a killer move called farsight weapon light, it is very powerful. Once she uses it, her eyes will shoot out golden white light, it can cut down anything. But this move is quite peculiar, the farther the distance, the stronger it is. If you are very close to Zhou Min, then this move is drastically weakened. If you are right in front of her, even a mortal killer move can block farsight weapon light.”


 A warm smile appeared on Fang Yuan’s face: “Oh? There is such an interesting move, I am truly enlightened. Le Er, what other interesting stories are there?”


 Chen Le looked at Fang Yuan, seeing his handsome face looking right at her, emitting lots of affection, it was so intense as if the summer winds were drowning her in bliss.


 Chen Le had a flushed expression, she quickly turned around, not daring to look at Fang Yuan directly.


 Her face was completely red, she looked afar as she stammered: “Young, young master, if you want to know, I will tell you.”


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, some of these Gu Immortals’ inheritances came from Old Ancestor Hei Fan, like the blood path one for example, it was a result of Hei Fan’s research. And some came from the criminal immortals, like Zhou Min’s light path inheritance, and Old Immortal Chen Chi’s rule path inheritance.


 These proper Gu Immortal inheritances were all very comprehensive.


 The details of large numbers of mortal Gu, a few Immortal Gu, and all sorts of Immortal Gu recipes and mortal Gu recipes, cultivation experiences and information about the outside world.


 Some of these contents were sensitive, like treasure yellow heaven, they were all erased by Hei Fan.


 However, some information regarding the other inheritances was retained.


 The Hei tribe Gu Immortals were quite close together. For example, outsiders might not about about farsight weapon light, but how could they themselves not know?


 Thus, this kind of information was all left inside their inheritances. As time passed, mortals went up Immortal Succession Mountain and inherited them. Gu Immortals appeared and passed away, during this process, there were all sorts of reasons, like fighting over benefits or personal conflicts, they fought against each other. The Gu Immortals’ methods were passed down over generations, everybody knew about their moves, these were no secrets.


 Fang Yuan’s preparation was not only regarding the assassination plan, he also collected a lot of other information.


 Farsight weapon light!


 This was quite a troublesome immortal killer move.


 Under normal circumstances, when seeing an unknown attacking method, Gu Immortals would choose to retreat and observe cautiously. Nobody would charge in without knowing the situation and place themselves in trouble.


 According to Fang Yuan’s vigilant nature, there was a high likelihood of him doing so, unless the difference in their strengths was very big.


 And that was exactly what Zhou Min wanted.


 By the time Fang Yuan realized the effect of farsight weapon light, he might have already spent a lot of time, effort, immortal essence, or even gotten injured in the process.


 When Gu Immortals battle, information often led to having an advantage!


 Thus, under normal circumstances in the Gu Immortal world, they would keep their Immortal Gu secret, immortal killer moves were rarely used publicly. They would practise their moves in private. The Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture was also rarely shown to others. Because the environment inside revealed the secrets of the Gu Immortal’s dao marks. The resources inside were often food for Immortal Gu, all these could be used to deduce what Immortal Gu the Gu Immortal had.


 Fang Yuan withstood the farsight weapon light, he charged forward with unparalleled vigor.


 Of course, he was not rash.


 His robe was previously stained with blood.


 These blood stains were not eye-catching, but they were formed from an immortal killer move!


 Blood path immortal killer move — Bloodstained Conqueror’s Robe!


 During the period before the opening of treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan was unable to develop his immortal aperture, because Lang Ya Sect was suppressing him, he had a tough time. But he did not waste his time, he deduced this immortal killer move to make up for his weakness.


 Fang Yuan had many weaknesses.


 But he considered it deeply, his greatest weakness was in defense.


 During the second earthly calamity, this flaw was evident. If he did not have Dang Hun Mountain as a base for defense, Fang Yuan would have likely died.


 Compared to investigative and information path methods, Fang Yuan would rather play safe and settle his weakness in defense first.


 Due to his wisdom path and blood path grandmaster attainment levels, as well as the immense blood path foundation built during his previous life, Fang Yuan did not have much difficulty in creating bloodstained conqueror’s robe.


 At this moment, with blood asset Immortal Gu as the core, bloodstained conqueror’s robe was showcasing its capability in battle!


 The effect was superb!


 Fang Yuan charged towards the farsight weapon light, his body did not waver, he had no injuries at all, his immortal essence expenditure was also reducing.


 “Like what Chen Le had said, the closer I get, the lower farsight weapon light’s power becomes, thus, even bloodstained conqueror’s robe’s immortal essence expenditure is falling.”


 Fang Yuan made such a decisive and wise choice, in the blink of an eye, he was already very close to Zhou Min.


 They were less than a hundred steps away!


 “Die die die!” Zhou Min cried out continuously, the sharp light in her eyes continued to shoot out brightly.


 She was overcome with anger, she was not a threat.


 Feng Jun, who was calmer, felt huge fear as his hair stood on end!


 Fang Yuan’s advancement made him feel an immense sense of danger.


 The great shock made him use his most familiar defensive method subconsciously.


 Immortal killer move — Luck Whirlwind!


 Huge winds blew, Fang Yuan was pushed away by a mystical force.


 Chen Le’s words reverberated in Fang Yuan’s mind: “Speaking of which, Gu Immortal Feng Jun is also quite strong. He is the only person who ascended Immortal Succession Mountain and successfully became a Gu Immortal. Such immortals are more formidable than us, who were nurtured by our seniors. Furthermore, Feng Jun cultivates the famous luck path...”


 Luck path.


 A Gu Immortal path with few members.


 Luck path was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, even though it was famous, actual luck path Gu Immortals were few in number.


 As the origin of luck path, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind three true inheritances, self luck, all living being’s luck, and heaven and earth luck.


 Self luck was in Lang Ya blessed land, it was given to Long Hair Ancestor as payment, among which, Dog Shit Luck ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 All living being’s luck was placed in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. A portion of it was given to the winner of the Imperial Court contest. Fang Yuan had once possessed connect luck Immortal Gu, it was part of all living being’s luck.


 Feng Jun’s true inheritance had also originated from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Back then, the Hei tribe Gu Master entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and fortunately obtained a portion of the true inheritance, he received qi luck Immortal Gu.


 Thereafter, he cultivated to Gu Immortal level and passed it down for generations. The last generation had been punished after Hei Feng Yue’s disappearance and the loss of attitude Gu, thus this true inheritance was left in Immortal Succession Mountain.


 Feng Jun obtained this true inheritance, he had qi luck Immortal Gu, the move he was most familiar with and had practised the most was luck whirlwind.


 This move was very special.


 When the target attacks, by using it, it could repel the target.


 When the target retreats, if it is used, it could drag the target back to the user.


 Once this move was used, intense winds would form, but that was only on the surface, the key was that formless force.


 Fang Yuan could not see this formless force, he was hit by the move again and was sent away.


 At once, their distance enlarged.


 As if his hard work had been in vain.


 But Fang Yuan smiled as his lips curled up, he thought to himself: “Luck whirlwind... the second time already.”


 According to what Chen Le said, this move could not be used extensively, in one day, it could only be used a hundred times.


 Just take it as a hundred, this might seem like a lot, but it was not!


 Activating luck whirlwind was not as simple as it seemed on the surface.


 The first issue was immortal essence, Feng Jun was a rank six Gu Immortal, he did not have a deep foundation, using this killer move would expend immortal essence, how long could Feng Jun last?


 And immortal killer moves could not succeed with every use, each time Feng Jun failed, he would not only suffer a backlash, he would be unable to repel Fang Yuan, he would be able to get close and kill them.


 Thus, it might seem like Fang Yuan could do nothing to Zhou Min and Feng Jun, but he actually had complete advantage in this situation.


 Feng Jun and Zhou Min were walking on the side of a steep cliff, if they were careless, they would die without intact corpses.


 “Die, go and die!!” Zhou Min was still furious, she stared at Fang Yuan as her eyes shot out white light.


 “Retreat, we must retreat!” The calmer Feng Jun felt his mouth going dry, his heart was pounding as his body was covered in cold sweat.



***
Chapter 1127 - Resolving the Situation by Killing!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The two sides did not fight for very long, but Feng Jun already had the intention to retreat and escape.


 Fang Yuan first assassinated the strongest rank seven blood path Gu Immortal Zheng Tuo, before charging forward and using the best tactic to gain the absolute advantage!


 Feng Jun was not an idiot, even if he lacked battle experience, he knew that he was in great danger.


 He wanted to retreat, it was a wise choice.


 In Gu Immortal battles, they fought not only with strength but also with wits!


 “Sister has lost it due to her emotions, Hei Cheng is a rank seven Gu Immortal, even if we cooperate, we cannot defeat him. We should join up with the other Gu Immortals, and with Old Immortal Chen Chi at the lead, encircle and kill him!”


 Feng Jun thought of this and started to retreat.


 He used his immortal killer move, his body moved like a cloud, bringing him and Zhou Min away towards the left.


 “What are you doing? Brother, let me kill him, let me kill him!” Zhou Min screamed as she struggled in Feng Jun’s arms.


 Feng Jun smiled bitterly, he increased the strength he was using on Zhou Min, he pacified her: “Don’t move, I am getting some distance to create a chance for your farsight weapon light!”


 Zhou Min heard this and shuddered, she said excitedly: “Good idea!”


 She concentrated, staring fixedly at Fang Yuan.


 With greater distance, farsight weapon light became stronger, Fang Yuan’s defense would be under greater pressure.


 Fang Yuan looked at the cloud below their feet, he smiled without concern.


 He did not chase them, he charged down and landed on the ground, he picked up Zheng Tuo’s corpse which was split into two, putting both pieces into his immortal aperture.


 “Evil thief! Let go of our brother’s corpse!” Zhou Min shouted, her lungs were exploding from anger.


 Fang Yuan’s actions were truly vile. Not only did he kill Zheng Tuo, he did not even let his corpse off.


 How could he let it off?


 The dao marks of this rank seven blood path Gu Immortal were an immense boost to Fang Yuan’s foundation!


 Looking at it, including Zheng Tuo, Fang Yuan had already killed four Gu Immortals, it was hard to annex the immortal aperture as it had strict conditions, but the gain in dao marks was immense.


 “Ordinary Gu Immortals would only absorb the dao marks of an enemy of the same path due to the conflict between dao marks. Otherwise, they would get more trouble instead. However, my sovereign immortal body is different, the dao marks do not conflict, this is amazing! I can absorb the dao marks of any enemy I kill and increase my foundation. This seems to be the best way to increase my strength!”


 At this moment, Fang Yuan had a new insight.


 This sovereign immortal body was created from sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Spectral Soul wanted to revive using it.


 If he really succeeded in reviving, the consequences were unthinkable!


 Firstly, Spectral Soul had devoured so many souls in the door of life and death, he had countless cultivation experiences. Secondly, all of his paths were great grandmaster and above! Finally, he had the help of Shadow Sect’s remnant forces.


 With this starting point, he could repeat what he did in his era, killing everyone and everything. He could annex the immortal apertures of Gu Immortals he killed or absorb the dao marks they had. His growth would be at an incredible speed, it would surpass one’s imagination!


 Unlike Fang Yuan, who only had grandmaster attainment level in four paths, it was hard for him to annex immortal apertures, he could only absorb dao marks in most cases.


 Fang Yuan placed Zheng Tuo’s corpse in his immortal aperture, Zhou Min looked at with this anger and hatred.


 Feng Jun did not speak, he felt aggrieved, but also let out a sigh of relief.


 “It seems that Hei Cheng does not have movement methods, or maybe he uses the upper extreme heavenly eagle normally. This immemorial desolate beast has yet to grow fully, it only has rank six battle strength, he did not let it out because he is afraid of farsight weapon light killing it?”


 Feng Jun became less worried.


 But at the next moment, his mouth opened wide, a shocked expression appeared on his face.


 It turned out that Fang Yuan had activated Sword Escape, his body flew into the sky like a sword.


 His speed was so fast, Feng Jun and Zhou Min were completely stunned from shock!


 “How can he be this fast?” Zhou Min said.


 “So this is his real speed!” Feng Jun’s heart was about to jump out, his movement method was simply outmatched!


 In a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan got close to them again.


 His icy killing intent almost froze Feng Jun’s heart.


 Immortal killer move — Luck Whirlwind!


 At the moment of crisis, he had to use his trump card again.


 Like what happened earlier, Fang Yuan was sent away again.


 “The third time, hehe.” Fang Yuan noted, he had been repelled three times, but he felt no dejection.


 Zhou Min finally became sober-minded.


 She was completely shocked by Fang Yuan’s speed, her forehead was full of sweat, her anger dwindled, and fear took over.


 “Quickly leave! This person is too strong, let’s gather with the rest first!” Zhou Min yelled.


 Feng Jun heard this and felt glad at her change of mindset.


 With Zhou Min’s help, the two rose in speed, they rapidly escaped for their lives.


 Fang Yuan chased after them, shooting out with bursts of speed at times.


 But every time, Feng Jun’s luck whirlwind would ruin his attempt.


 After chasing them for some time, two Gu Immortals appeared before them.


 They were the two Gu Immortal lone cultivators, they usually lived together, one was called Jiang Ji, the other was Gao Mi.


 “Hold on, we’re coming!”


 The two immortals were flying too, they quickly joined up with Zhou Min and Feng Jun.


 Fang Yuan observed their expressions, seeing that they were showing no shock, he knew that Feng Jun and Zhou Min had used a certain information path method to inform these two Gu Immortals along the way.


 “Hei Cheng, you are simply too bold, you dare to cause harm to us inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven!”


 “Today, you will undoubtedly die!”


 Feng Jun and Zhou Min stopped escaping, they went ahead to fight Fang Yuan.


 “Young master Hei Cheng, you killed sister Wan Yun?! Did you kill old ancestor as well?” A shrill voice suddenly resounded.


 It was Chen Le.


 After using the warning, Chen Le went to find Fang Yuan, but at that time, Fang Yuan had already left to find the three immortals including Zheng Tuo.


 Chen Le could not find Fang Yuan, she was completely lost and helpless, she did not know what to do.


 She did not dare to dispel her immortal killer move, she hid inside the palace for a while, before she received Feng Jun’s letter.


 The letter stated that Fang Yuan disguised as Chen Le and used an immortal killer move to kill Gu Immortal Zheng Tuo, no matter how stupid Chen Le was, she realized instantly what the situation was.


 She quickly went to Chen Chi’s place, but where could she find that old ancestor of hers?


 Even though Feng Jun was escaping, he had already contacted the remaining immortals, Chen Le also decided to answer his call.


 Thus, she appeared on the battlefield at this time.


 “Oh, it’s you.” Fang Yuan looked at Chen Le, smiling cruelly: “You have finally gotten smarter. That’s right, be it Chen Chi, Chen Wan Yun, or Chen Li Zhi, even Zheng Tuo died in my hands. All of your rank seven Gu Immortals are dead now, the rest of you should surrender to me, after all, a wise person submits to circumstances.”


 Chen Le’s expression turned pale, her body shook intensely.


 Fang Yuan admitted it outright, this was a huge blow to her mental state.


 “Why? Why did you do that for?!” Chen Le screamed in a sharp tone, tears were pouring out of her eyes: “Did we do anything wrong to you? Why must you do something so evil and cruel?!”


 “Don’t be affected by him, Chen Le, let’s get into formation!” Zhou Min, who had regained her senses, shouted loudly.
