

 With Fang Yuan in the center, a jade light ball suddenly appeared over a huge surrounding area.


 This was a huge battle formation.


 With Feng Jun, Zhou Min, Chen Le, and the other two immortals as the formation cores, they assembled an ancient battle formation!


 “Hei Cheng, even if you are a rank seven Gu Immortal, you will die here today!”


 “That’s right, we have already practiced this battle formation many times, we killed over a dozen desolate beasts and eight ancient desolate beasts.”


 “You cannot escape from here! I will tear our your bones and tendons, and use them as offerings for the innocent souls of our comrades!”


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals shouted, their morale rose sharply.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, his calm expression did not change at all.


 He said slowly and calmly: “Oh, Green City battle formation? Hehehe, it is only a small portion of the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage, do you think I am unaware of it?”


 The expressions of the immortals changed, a bad feeling was emerging in them.


 Chen Le’s expression paled even further, at this moment, she felt utter regret and hatred, she could not live with herself!


 Because she was the one who told Fang Yuan about this Green City battle formation.


 The Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven had to practice a huge formation in every generation. It was the Green City battle formation, it was used to kill desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts, it had incredible strength.


 “I have rank seven cultivation level, while you people are just rank six. Thus, I expected you to use this move. After getting into formation, you won’t be able to run, right? Hehehe, when this battle formation is breached, you will all face a backlash, even if you do not die, you will suffer heavy injuries...”


 Fang Yuan said in a plain tone.


 His tone was very calm, he did not speak loudly, but the immortals could hear him clearly for some reason.


 The morale that was raised earlier instantly got cut in several piecees after hearing his words. Before fighting, these Gu Immortals already had wavering determination!


 “Now, I will show all of you my true strength.”


 Fang Yuan called out, his body shook and a loud sound was heard, the aura of Gu worms burst out from within him!


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


 In an instant, tens of thousands of Fang Yuan phantoms appeared in the space inside the entire battle formation.


 They were all strength path phantoms!


 And Fang Yuan’s true body was hidden among them, acting as one of the phantoms.


 The battle commenced at this moment.


 From the start, they entered the climax of the battle.


 Feng Jun, Zhou Min, and the other Gu Immortals used their respective methods, all sorts of immortal killer moves were unleashed, causing huge damage to the myriad self army.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms did not have high defense, but no matter how many were destroyed in battle, more strength path phantoms emerged and replaced them.


 Fang Yuan had made ample preparation before the battle.


 Even if he did not continue to activate myriad self, he had already stored hundreds of thousands of myriad self phantoms inside his immortal aperture in advance.


 He did not lack the immortal essence!


 Fang Yuan had a huge storage of green grape immortal essence!


 Feng Jun and the rest soon realized that they were in a tough spot.


 Without using immortal killer moves, they could not defend against the myriad self army attacking the battle formation. But if they used immortal killer moves, even though they could kill countless phantoms, Fang Yuan would also replenish them, their immortal essence would be wasted.


 In this battle of attrition in immortal essence, Fang Yuan completely had the upper hand! Do not forget about the advantage of strength path, that was the minimal consumption of immortal essence. Meanwhile, the advantage of enslavement path was in battles of attrition.


 Myriad self killer move combined the effects of both paths, it could display the strengths of both paths at once!


 Fang Yuan waited patiently among the myriad self army, observing attentively.


 All sorts of information was gathered by him, he committed them to memory.


 After fighting for several hours, the Gu Immortals of Hei Fan grotto-heaven were extremely tired, not only were they tired mentally, the immortal essence expenditure was also starting to put a toll on them.


 The moment they exposed weakness, Fang Yuan’s true body appeared!


 “Hahaha, Chen Le, I need to thank you, without your information, how could I have killed Chen Wan Yun and the others?” Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


 Chen Le felt like lightning had struck her, the pain in her heart could not be described with words.


 Using this opportunities, Fang Yuan went for the killing blow.


 Flying sword Immortal Gu!


 A flash of light pierced Chen Le’s defenses, killing her instantly.


 Always pick out the weakest enemy first!


 Fang Yuan struck at the crucial moment, immediately killing one immortal on the other side.


 Chen Le died on the spot, Green City battle formation became unstable instantly, it started shaking.


 The other Gu Immortals quickly tried to stabilize it, succeeding after some effort.


 “Next, it is time for the rest of you to die.” Fang Yuan smiled sinisterly, he did not attack, instead, he went back into the myriad self army.


 The remaining four Gu Immortals had pale expressions, a cold chill was emerging in their hearts.


 They were the ones encircling Fang Yuan, but at this very moment, none of these four Gu Immortals felt any joy or excitement.


 His victory was assured!


 From the start, Fang Yuan had used the most appropriate battle tactics, establishing his current huge advantage.


 He was very aware about the methods of these Gu Immortals, but they, on the other hand, did not know about his methods.


 Originally, the other party had an advantage.


 For example, Chen Le’s concealment method, Fang Yuan could do nothing against it.


 It was a pity, because Fang Yuan schemed against them, Chen Le joined the battle and formed the Green City battle formation, she gave up her greatest advantage.


 In the end, it was because Hei Fan grotto-heaven had been in peace for too long, these Gu Immortals did not lack Immortal Gu or resources, but they truly paled in terms of battle experience.


 Even though they sparred during their interactions, the experience gained from fighting on the verge of death could not be gained from friendly battles.


 A long while later.


 Fang Yuan killed two more Gu Immortals, before breaking apart Green City battle formation.


 Feng Jun and Zhou Min escaped in defeat again.


 The two immortals had completely lost their courage against Fang Yuan, they did not dare to fight, they escaped towards Immortal Succession Mountain.


 Along the way, Fang Yuan killed Zhou Min, as Feng Jun crashed onto the peak of Immortal Succession Mountain with his heavily injured body.


 “Heavenly spirit, save me!” He screamed loudly.


 This situation was quite ironic, earlier he was still plotting to suppress the heavenly spirit, but now, he had no choice but to seek help from it.


 “It is not going to save you.” Inside the stone pavilion, Fang Yuan’s figure appeared in a flash.


 He spoke in a calm tone, he had no injuries on his body, he was still so charming and handsome. It was as if the battle earlier did not occur at all.


 Feng Jun saw Fang Yuan and shuddered in fear, he focused his attention on the brass bell heavenly spirit.


 The brass bell heavenly spirit had no reaction.


 Feng Jun had a look of despair.


 “Why?” He muttered.


 “Why!” At the next moment, he screamed again, seemingly questioning the heavenly spirit.


 But the brass bell heavenly spirit continued to be unmoved.


 “Because you are all descendants of criminal immortals. Before Old Ancestor Hei Fan died, he thought of this point when leaving behind his true inheritance. Therefore, he set up this final test. Only by obtaining half of the votes of the Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven could I inherit it. Hehehe, but what if you descendants of the criminal immortals bear hatred to Hei tribe and refuse to let our main tribe’s member obtain the true inheritance, what if you cause problems for us intentionally, what will we do?” Fang Yuan extended his hand, lightly touching this stone tablet.


 “Then it can only be to kill all of you. After killing you all, I will be the only person left. Then I would also have satisfied the conditions for clearing the final test of Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan spoke lightly, there was even a faint smile on his face.


 Feng Jun plopped onto the ground, he had an expression of despair, he was sprawled weakly.


 He raised his head and looked up at the sky.


 The azure sky which he sought to escape for so long, at the moment before his death, now seemed so endearing to him.


 But at the next moment, he heard Fang Yuan’s words: “Now, I will give you a chance. As long as you submit to me, and serve me wholeheartedly from now on, I will spare your life.”


 “What, what did you say?” Feng Jun’s body shook, he showed an expression of disbelief.


 Fang Yuan repeated his words again, before saying: “You are a smart person, you are not swayed by emotions, you are unlike Zhou Min and Chen Le. I appreciate that aspect of you. Hand over your Immortal Gu and the luck path true inheritance’s details, I will spare your life and give you a chance to live.”


 Feng Jun blinked, he was moved.


 “You are not lying to me?” He raised his head and looked at Fang Yuan, anticipation was hidden deep within his gaze.


 “Why would I lie to you? Killing you is as easy as breathing to me. But don’t even think of bargaining with me now.” Fang Yuan’s expression changed: “You only have three breaths of time to consider it, will you die, or surrender everything to me and submit, before making an alliance agreement.”


 “I surrender.” At the first breath of time, Feng Jun said without hesitation.


 “These are all of the Gu worms that I have.” At the second breath of time, Feng Jun handed over everything.


 Fang Yuan nodded, stretching out his hand and keeping them, with Feng Jun’s cooperation, he suppressed all of them!


 “Please make the alliance agreement.” Feng Jun breathed in deeply, he was already mentally prepared for an extremely harsh alliance agreement.


 Swoosh!


 A bloody hole appeared in his forehead.


 He had an expression of shock, he stared at Fang Yuan fixedly as he gradually fell onto the ground.


 The third breath of time had just passed.



***
Chapter 1128 - Hei Fan’s Four Treasures (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan gathered Feng Jun’s corpse.


 Together with the Gu Immortal corpses that he had collected earlier, Fang Yuan had a total of nine! And he also had nine corresponding Gu Immortal souls.


 “Such gains are truly rare. For Gu Immortals in the outside world, even if they die, they may self-detonate. Among the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, only Feng Jun has some brains. This person was able to give in when needed, unfortunately, after I gained the upper hand, the situation was firmly within my grasp, he could not do anything. His eventual surrender was out of desperation, too bad for him, his enemy was me.”


 Fang Yuan sighed as he set aside these thoughts.


 He had won.


 It was time for the rewards!


 He turned around, entering the stone pavilion, he raised his head and looked at the brass bell heavenly spirit on the pillar, he said: “Right now, I am the only Gu Immortal inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, I vote for myself to inherit Hei Fan’s true inheritance.”


 The brass bell heavenly spirit was silent for a moment before shaking, emitting a loud bell sound.


 Next, the stone pillars in the pavilion radiated with pure white light.


 The white light was not painful to look at, it was very gentle.


 As the bright light shone, the stone tablet became more transparent, it turned into a wall of light.


 Inside the wall of light, there were several shadowy figures.


 And on the surface of the wall, there were several lines of words.


 Fang Yuan looked, the words were: the indistinct figures in the stone tablet are the contents of the true inheritance. The inheritor just needs to retrieve them by putting their hands in.


 The final line was an instruction by Hei Fan — Descendant of Hei tribe, inheritor of the inheritance, may you achieve great things in life, do not let down the reputation of Hei tribe!


 Fang Yuan looked at it and sighed.


 Old Ancestor Hei Fan had put in immense effort in setting up this true inheritance, he thought of every aspect.


 But a dead person was like an extinguished candle, even a legendary figure like himself could not predict everything in the future.


 The incredibly strong Hei tribe had been wiped out, and Hei Fan’s true inheritance was taken by an outsider like Fang Yuan.


 The world had changed, times were different. New forces prosper while old forces vanish, this was the changing of eras.


 Fang Yuan settled his mood, he started acting according to the description on the wall.


 He stretched out his left hand, to enter the wall of light.


 The white light became brighter, as it shone on his left hand, Fang Yuan’s left arm became transparent as well.


 Fang Yuan could see his skin, bones, flesh, and even his blood flowing in his vessels.


 A small obstruction could be felt ahead.


 Fang Yuan’s left hand touched the wall of light, it was as if he was touching an icy wall.


 At the same time, he noticed: the white light shone on his blood and caused a reaction. His blood moved more quickly, the color also turned from bright red to dark red, before returning back to normal.


 Next, the wall in front of his left hand became soft like water. Fang Yuan’s left hand easily got through the stone tablet like he was going into water.


 Fang Yuan however, felt a chill in his heart, he thought: “So close! This light wall is a test towards my blood. Thankfully, I made ample preparations, I integrated blood asset Immortal Gu into familiar face and modified the killer move to disguise my blood as well. Otherwise, my efforts would have been in vain! This Hei Fan is so hard to deal with.”


 Fang Yuan regained his cool, he started to assess this wall of light.


 From the outside, he could see that there were four shadows in the wall, they were uneven in placement.


 The largest shadow was like a ball, it was the size of a basin and was at the most central area of the wall.


 On the upper right corner, there was a sharp shadow, it resembled a rock.


 On the left side, there was also a shadow, it looked like intertwined threads.


 There was also one spot at the bottom, this shadow was the smallest, like a finger.


 Fang Yuan had worked so hard to obtain the famous Hei Fan’s true inheritance, but the contents seemed to be quite minimal.


 Because of where he was standing, Fang Yuan’s left hand went to the left of the wall of light, he grabbed towards the shadow closest to him.


 He held onto this thread-like shadow.


 The shadow had a rough feeling, Fang Yuan felt like he was touching an old tree branch.


 Next, Fang Yuan stretched out his hand and pulled out the mysterious shadow.


 Once out of the wall, the aura was exposed.


 Evidently, these were Gu worms.


 These Gu worms were coiled together, they had similar appearance, they were like ginseng roots, or tree roots.


 They were not Immortal Gu.


 They were just mortal Gu.


 But even so, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, his breathing became rougher at once!


 Mortal and Immortal Gu were vastly different.


 Immortal Gu were unique. Mortal Gu could not compare to Immortal Gu, but there was a huge exception to this rule.


 That was lifespan Gu!


 That’s right, Fang Yuan pulled out a batch of lifespan Gu.


 This was expected, yet unexpected.


 Earlier, when Old Immortal Chen Chi had asked Fang Yuan for benefits, he mentioned lifespan Gu. Thus, Fang Yuan was mentally prepared for it. But to think there was so many.


 “This is indeed a lot of lifespan Gu!”


 Fang Yuan began to refine the lifespan Gu.


 Mortal Gu could be refined using primeval essence.


 Even though the lifespan Gu was not his, Fang Yuan had passed the test, he was the acknowledged inheritor.


 As the white light shone, Fang Yuan quickly refined these lifespan Gu successfully.


 He found out: “These lifespan Gu grants seven hundred and twenty years of lifespan in total!”


 Immense gains!


 Old Immortal Chen Chi had thought there would be at least three hundred years worth of lifespan Gu, but Fang Yuan could tell now that he had underestimated it.


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven had over twice that amount of years worth of lifespan Gu!


 “These lifespan Gu have great value.”


 “I can use them for myself, who in this world would complain about having longer lifespan?”


 “But I still have about eighty years to live, my lifespan is sufficient. Even if I do not use these lifespan Gu, I can use them for transactions.”


 In transactions between Gu Immortals, immortal essence stones were just basic currency. Lifespan Gu had much greater value than immortal essence stones. No Gu Immortal would not want lifespan Gu! In many high end transactions, immortal essence stones were unusable, Gu Immortals only wanted lifespan Gu.


 Lifespan Gu was an absolute hard currency out there!


 After a long time of consideration, the lifespan Gu were all refined, becoming Fang Yuan’s property.


 Fang Yuan placed the handful of lifespan Gu in his sovereign immortal aperture, keeping them securely.


 He was not planning to use these lifespan Gu yet.


 “Actually, it had been a long time since Hei Fan grotto-heaven was created. It is not strange that so many lifespan Gu were accumulated.”


 “When can my sovereign immortal aperture produce lifespan Gu as well?”


 Fang Yuan was rather fascinated by the prospect.


 But he knew that he was far from this goal at this point.


 Even though he was earning a lot of profits each month, those were his prior accumulations as an immortal zombie. His immortal aperture’s development was still in the basic stage. Only when he gathers enough production in resources to sustain the feeding of all his Immortal Gu could those initial developments be considered complete.


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought of Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Compared to Lang Ya blessed land, Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s existence is very short. Long Hair Ancestor was a person from three hundred thousand years ago, a legendary figure of the Medieval Antiquity Era!”


 “Hei Fan grotto-heaven has about seven hundred years of lifespan Gu. Then how many years does Lang Ya blessed land have?”


 Thinking about this, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined.


 “Lang Ya blessed land definitely has much more lifespan Gu. No wonder Lang Ya land spirit can use up some to feed wisdom Gu!”


 Fang Yuan could understand Heavenly Court’s actions at once.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, even though they sacrificed Feng Jiu Ge, they went ahead without balking.


 Lifespan Gu was likely one of the main reasons.


 Thinking about it, the geezers in Heavenly Court were lacking lifespan, they could only sustain their lives through sleeping. It was easy to see how much attraction lifespan Gu had towards them!


 Fang Yuan’s gaze returned to the center of the wall.


 This shadow was the largest.


 “It is at the center, is this a hint that this is the most precious treasure inside Hei Fan’s true inheritance” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 He stretched out his left hand towards the wall of light, soon, he touched that shadow.


 It had an icy feeling, but the shadow was not smooth on the surface, it had many protrusions and holes, it was like a handful of sesame.


 Fang Yuan tried to move it.


 Very heavy!


 Normal human strength could not carry it.


 Fang Yuan activated his strength path mortal Gu, after gaining strength, he took it out with one hand.


 After seeing this lump of shadow, Fang Yuan had a surprised look on his face.


 This was not one entity, it was the combination of countless bodies.


 It was a ball of ants.


 Black ants, all gathered to fill the size of a basin, that were extremely heavy. Countless black ants were collected in a ball shape, they were extremely compacted and tight.


 These ants were not ordinary ants, they were mortal Gu.


 The previous item being mortal Gu was fine, because it was lifespan Gu, it had greater value than Immortal Gu from many Gu Immortals’ perspectives.


 But this was also mortal Gu?


 Fang Yuan felt perplexed and a bit confused.


 Based on his knowledge, he could not recognize what this Gu worm was.


 But forget that, Fang Yuan felt that since it was part of Hei Fan’s true inheritance, even as a mortal Gu, it could not be bad.


 Thus, he began to refine it.


 Mortal Gu could be refined using primeval essence, Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal, he had unlimited primeval essence.


 Layers of black ants were refined by him, becoming his property.


 Under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, the ants split apart, revealing the center of the ball.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s expression changed, his gaze became sharp, because he felt the aura of Immortal Gu.


 Actually, at the center of this ball of ants, there was something good! An Immortal Gu!


 Ordinary ant mortal Gu were finally completely refined, they landed on the ground, there was only one Gu left in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Immortal Gu!


 Compared to the other black ant mortal Gu, it was many times larger. It had the form of an ant, it had feelers, small legs, a large abdomen, it looked very chubby.


 “Is this the queen of the ant group?” Fang Yuan guessed randomly.


 This Immortal Gu had a strong aura, it was at a high level, it was a rank seven Immortal Gu.


 As for what it was, Fang Yuan did not know.


 He could not recognize it.


 But whatever, he was going to refine it first.



***
Chapter 1129 - Hei Fans Four Treasure (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Refining Immortal Gu could not be done with primeval essence, he needed immortal essence.


 At this time, Fang Yuan took a look at the brass bell heavenly spirit, thinking about it, he directly used his green grape immortal essence to refine this Gu.


 The brass bell heavenly spirit had no reaction, on the surface, Fang Yuan could not tell what mentality it had. It was just a bell after all, it had no expressions.


 The refinement process was very smooth, the rank seven Immortal Gu resembling an ant queen did not resist, it cooperated with him.


 But it was still a rank seven Gu, Fang Yuan’s green grape immortal essence was greatly expended.


 “Now, my stockpile of green grape immortal essence has dropped again.” Fang Yuan reminded himself.


 In this trip to obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he had consumed a lot of green grape immortal essence. His expenditure was mostly in battle, after all, other than myriad self, Sword Escape and flying sword Immortal Gu were rank seven, his sword path killer moves used rank seven Immortal Gu as the cores.


 Even though the battles were not intense, his green grape immortal essence consumption was huge.


 “After going back, I need to stock up on immortal essence, otherwise, I can’t feel safe.”


 A moment later, Fang Yuan refined this rank seven Immortal Gu and kept it in his immortal aperture.


 There were only two shadows left in the wall of light.


 The shadow at the bottom had the smallest size, Fang Yuan left it to the end.


 He stretched his hand in and grabbed the shadow at the top right corner.


 This shadow was like a rock, but when Fang Yuan touched it for the first time, it reacted.


 This shadow was very cold.


 Fang Yuan took it out, it was indeed a piece of ice.


 The upper portion of the ice was sealing a Gu worm.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan’s attention was drawn to it.


 Even though it was sealed in ice without any aura leaking.


 But Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, he could recognize this was an Immortal Gu — “Year”.


 Year Gu!


 It was like a ladybug, thumb size and black in color, there were golden markings on its shell.


 The golden markings were bright and shining, they showed images of a fierce beast growling, the sharp and menacing teeth left a deep impression. As for what beast it was, it was unclear.


 “Oh, year Gu...” Fang Yuan sighed.


 This was a famous Gu among time path Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had a deep impression towards it.


 Because it was very unique.


 When Gu Immortals expend immortal materials, they could parallel refine a year Gu continuously.


 Normal refinement and reverse refinement were mainstream in refinement path, parallel refinement was very rare.


 Gu worms that could be parallel refined were very rare.


 Year Gu was one of them.


 Mortal level year Gu were less than ten years. There was one year Gu, two year Gu, five year Gu, and others.


 When the year Gu rises to rank six, it would become an Immortal Gu, unique in the world. Rank six year Gu were at least ten years.


 A ten year immortal level year Gu could be parallel refined using immortal materials, to make it twenty year Gu, thirty-eight year Gu, or at its highest, ninety-nine year Gu.


 Hundred year Gu was rank seven, to refine a ten year Gu to hundred year Gu, it was not parallel refinement but normal refinement to increase rank instead.


 Refinement in this case was tens to hundreds of times as difficult as parallel refinement, with equally low success rate.


 Thousand year Gu was rank eight, in theory, ten thousand year Gu would be rank nine. but in history, there had never been a ten thousand year Gu.


 But rank eight thousand year Gu had existed before.


 The use of year Gu was very unique.


 Corresponding to the usage by the Gu Immortal, the number of years would fall continuously. For example, a fifty year Gu might become a twenty year Gu after one use.


 There was a specification when using year Gu, that it should not go overboard. For example, if a thousand year Gu is used and becomes nine hundred year Gu, it would fall from rank eight to rank seven. To increase its rank again through refinement, it would be troublesome and risky.


 Strictly speaking, year Gu was a consumable Immortal Gu.


 But it was not a one time consumable Gu like sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 It could be expended but replenished again.


 This was a very special case among Gu worms.


 “So Hei Fan had the Immortal Gu ‘Year’ in his possession. One good thing about year Gu is that it has no issues in terms of food. It has the same food as Spring Autumn Cicada, they both consume the water of the River of Time. However, how can I refine it?” Fang Yuan was unsure.


 The year Gu in front of him was sealed by almost transparent ice.


 Fang Yuan looked at this ice, he felt that this ice was quite special too.


 Its effect was similar to fossilization or amber, it sealed the year Immortal Gu inside ice, so that it hibernated without leaking its aura.


 “Why, why did Hei Fan seal year Gu? Wait, this is?” While observing, Fang Yuan had a new discovery.


 He realized that there was some flowing water sealed at the bottom of the ice.


 “This is water?”


 Fang Yuan shook it, he could clearly see that there was water flowing, he could even hear a soft sound.


 Water was sealed in ice, it was really quite strange.


 Fang Yuan’s attention had been drawn to year Gu earlier. In comparison, the flowing water was not eye-catching.


 At this moment, when Fang Yuan inspected it again, he realized: this ice was huge, year Gu only occupied a small portion, the flowing water took more than half of the space below. It gave a feeling that the ice was not sealing year Gu, but the water instead!


 “To be given such treatment, is this flowing water a rank nine immortal material that surpasses rank eight?” Fang Yuan had a bold guess.


 Rank nine immortal material, it could be used to refine rank nine Immortal Gu!


 In this world, they were rare, having immense value.


 A portion of rank nine immortal material being sealed like this was understandable.


 Fang Yuan could not find a way to remove the ice, he could only set it aside, he held it with his right hand as his left hand entered the wall of light again.


 This time, he went to the final shadow.


 Taking it out, it was a rank five information path mortal Gu.


 The details recorded inside were about Hei Fan’s true inheritance, it had immense value!


 Firstly, the introduction to the Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan took his first glance and saw the information about the ant ball.


 “So the rank seven Immortal Gu at the center of the ant ball is the time path Immortal Gu, After!” [1. After sounds the same as ant queen if you read it in Chinese.]


 Rank seven after Immortal Gu.


 The recorded information noted the specifications of feeding after Immortal Gu.


 The feeding of after Immortal Gu was quite unique.


 This Immortal Gu could eat anything.


 The feeding style was very unique too.


 It produced black ant mortal Gu on its own, it sent them out to feed on all sorts of immortal materials before using these nutrients on itself.


 “Any sort of immortal material can feed after Immortal Gu. The point is not about the immortal materials, but in preserving these black ant mortal Gu.”


 These black ant mortal Gu were tough and could devour immortal materials, digesting them and retaining the nutrients.


 But they were just mortal Gu.


 Once too many of them were destroyed, the Immortal Gu, After, would starve. Even though the Immortal Gu could produce black ant mortal Gu, it could only produce one every month. If there were too few black ant mortal Gu, and after Immortal Gu could not be fed, it would die of hunger.


 After all, this Immortal Gu, After, could not feed itself.


 Fang Yuan felt enlightened, he continued reading, about the information on the ice.


 The ice itself was a newly created type of rank eight immortal material, it was created by Immortal Bing Ren. The latter was invited by Hei Fan and went ahead to seal his two Immortal Gu.


 One Immortal Gu was year Gu, it was only rank six. Fang Yuan had recognized it already.


 The other Immortal Gu was the flowing water.


 This was the greatest treasure within Hei Fan’s true inheritance!


 It was named Years Flow Like Water, it was rank eight!


 Rank eight time path Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals were rare, rank eight Immortal Gu were rarer, and had very great value. Many rank eight Gu Immortals did not even have a single rank eight Immortal Gu, they could not find one even after endless searching.


 Hei Fan was a legendary character, the formidable champion who led Hei tribe to a domineering state, but in his life, he only had one rank eight Immortal Gu — Years Flow Like Water.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was quite special.


 As of now, he was a rank six Gu Immortal, but he already had three rank eight Immortal Gu.


 One was attitude Gu, one was wisdom sword Gu, and now the third was Years Flow Like Water.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals usually had a lack of Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan’s problem instead was that he had too many, and could not use them all optimally. Looking at some of his Immortal Gu like Wisdom Sword, he had not even started to use them yet.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water, had one effect, that was to produce year Gu.


 The more immortal essence expended by the Gu Immortal, the more year Gu produced, they could even produce immortal level year Gu.


 Of course, the rule of Immortal Gu being unique still holds!


 Right now, this rank six year Gu was around, unless Fang Yuan used and expended it, he could not create an immortal level year Gu from Years Flow Like Water.


 If year Immortal Gu still existed, no matter how much immortal essence Fang Yuan used, he could only get mortal year Gu.


 Fang Yuan continued to read.


 Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water had two good points.


 One was that it had a low usage requirement, even rank six Gu Immortals could use it. As long as they used green grape immortal essence, they would receive year Gu, even though the quantity was less than when using rank seven or eight immortal essence.


 The second point was that Years Flow Like Water was easy to feed. It also fed on the water of the River of Time, just like year Gu and Spring Autumn Cicada.


 This solved Fang Yuan’s greatest problem.


 The feeding of rank eight Immortal Gu was a huge burden!


 However, Years Flow Like Water had a flaw.


 This was clearly listed in the information path Gu worm.


 Once the seal of Years Flow Like Water was removed, its Immortal Gu aura would leak, year beasts would be lured towards it and would attack.


 Year beasts, a type of special fierce beast that were rare even in the five regions and nine heavens, yet commonly seen in the River of Time. In terms of battle strength, there were desolate beast, ancient desolate beast, and immemorial desolate beast level year beasts.


 The food of year beasts was year Gu.


 The River of Time was the paradise of time path Gu worms, there were a vast number of wild time path Gu worms in it.


 Year beasts were one of them, they ate year Gu as food.


 The higher the rank of the year Gu, the more year beasts would be attracted to hunt them.


 In fact, immortal level year Gu could also lure year beasts to attack. Even placing the immortal level year Gu inside the immortal aperture would not work.


 Because in ordinary immortal apertures, there was a tributary of the River of Time. When year beasts smell the year Gu, they would travel into the tributary from the River of Time, and directly appear in the immortal aperture.


 Immortal level year Gu had a huge attraction to the year beasts, Years Flow Like Water, which could endlessly produce year Gu, had hundreds or thousands of times as much attraction as immortal level year Gu for the year beasts!


 Precisely because of this, when Hei Fan set up the true inheritance, he sealed year Gu and Years Flow Like Water, not exposing a trace of their auras.


 At this point, Fang Yuan had completely understood what Gu worms he had obtained.


 Next were the following important details.


 Or more accurately, the immortal killer moves!



***
Chapter 1130 - Usage of Hei Fan’s Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The introductions of countless immortal killer moves were displayed before Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan restrained his excitement, he inspected carefully.


 There were immortal killer moves that encompassed offense, defense, movement, healing, and other aspects.


 These were all time path immortal killer moves, the cores used were mostly year Gu and after Gu. Few of the immortal killer moves used the Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water as a core. Using a rank eight Immortal Gu as a core of an immortal killer move would naturally produce incredible effects.


 In this regard, Fang Yuan had personal experience.


 He had familiar face, it was a legendary method that used the rank eight attitude Gu as the core.


 Of course, with Fang Yuan’s rank six cultivation level, his green grape immortal essence could not activate Years Flow Like Water. It was unlike attitude Gu, which only needed mental energy to use.


 “Attitude Gu is the legendary Immortal Gu recorded in >, in terms of ease of use, Years Flow Like Water cannot compare to it. However, thinking about it, didn’t Hei Fan give attitude Gu away to Hei Feng Yue...”


 These immortal killer moves were truly eye-opening to Fang Yuan.


 Many theories were involved, the coordination of Gu worms was stated clearly, he only took a look, but he felt that he had already benefited greatly from the knowledge gained.


 There were more than thirty immortal killer moves, some of the immortal killer moves were split between rank six, seven, and eight levels, in some of their descriptions, Hei Fan had also left behind his insight and experiences when creating and using them in the past.


 “Bountiful year?” Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixed.


 He discovered a rather interesting immortal killer move.


 Bountiful year.


 This was the name of an immortal killer move.


 The core Immortal Gu used was immortal level year Gu.


 There were tens of thousands of supplementary mortal Gu. It was a tough process to activate the move, Hei Fan had left behind his experience in using it. Even for a legendary figure like him, when using this immortal killer move himself, he would need two or three days of preparation to execute it!


 The expenditure of immortal essence was huge, but bountiful year’s effect was that for the next year, starting right from the moment of successful activation of the killer move, all of the resources inside the immortal aperture would be produced at a higher rate!


 This was an immortal killer move used to develop the immortal aperture.


 It was a very rare move, but it had great use and value. Hei Fan also praised this immortal killer move greatly.


 According to the description, he was not the creator of this immortal killer move, he had exchanged for it with a person called Pill Immortal.


 Fang Yuan took a closer look, bountiful year needed to use many mortal Gu, if he wanted to prepare for it, he would need to buy them from treasure yellow heaven.


 He was definitely going to use this killer move.


 But not only did he need a lot of immortal essence, there was a lot of expenditure in terms of year Gu as well.


 “The year Gu that I have is only a little over the hundred year level. I need to parallel refine it until I can use bountiful year. Otherwise, if it falls to to the level of a mortal Gu, that would be a severe loss.”


 Fang Yuan continued to read.


 Among these killer moves, some had incredible power, some were extremely wondrous, but to Fang Yuan, they were not especially important.


 Fang Yuan had never forgotten about his true goal all along.


 That was to find a method to delay the calamities and tribulations in his immortal aperture.


 “Days pass like years!” His eyes flashed, he saw his target.


 This immortal killer move also used immortal level year Gu as the core, with a huge number of supplementary day Gu. Once used, it could slow down the time in the immortal aperture.


 Simply from the name itself, the effect was that one day in the immortal aperture would be extended to the length of a year.


 However, Hei Fan had noted with great caution: extending one day into the equivalent of a year was purely theoretical. The actual effect varied greatly based on circumstances.


 For example, a strength path Gu Immortal with primarily strength path dao marks would receive much lower effect when using this time path killer move.


 If a time path Gu Immortal used it on themselves, like Hei Fan, the effect would be amplified by the Gu Immortal’s time path dao marks, the effect would be much better.


 And also, using the same killer move on a low grade blessed land and a high grade blessed land would produce different results.


 “Months pass like years.”


 Fang Yuan continued to read, there was another immortal killer move that was very similar to days pass like years.


 It could also slow the rate of time in the immortal aperture, it could turn what would be one month in the immortal aperture into the duration of a year. The core Gu was still immortal level year Gu, but the supplementary Gu were month Gu now.


 Day Gu, month Gu, year Gu.


 These were all time path Gu worms that were closely related.


 Other than days pass like years and months pass like years, there were also two other immortal killer moves, they were called years pass like months and years pass like days.


 The former two were used to slow the time in the immortal aperture, the latter two were used to accelerate the time in the immortal aperture.


 Slowing the rate of time in the immortal aperture meant that the calamities and tribulations would be further apart. For example in Fang Yuan’s case, he had to undergo tribulation every two months in the outside world’s time. After using days pass like years, he would only need to undergo the next tribulation in decades or even a century.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan finally let out a sigh of relief.


 He felt great joy.


 In the first three earthly calamities, he was almost forced to his wits’ end, he could only brace himself as he challenged them.


 But now he had this immortal killer move, the situation had changed!


 From now on, Fang Yuan could decide when to undergo tribulation, he could either delay or hasten it, there was a huge advantage in this.


 “But right now, I do not need to slow the time in the immortal aperture. I should undergo tribulations, increasing my dao marks and raising my cultivation level. With Chu Du helping me, there is a high chance of passing.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Once he slowed the immortal aperture’s time, there were flaws.


 His resource would grow more slowly, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level would also rise more slowly.


 “Now, I should prepare these Gu worms, the Immortal Gu are already here, but I need a huge quantity of day Gu and month Gu. Even if I buy them inside treasure yellow heaven, I will need to spend a long time collecting them.”


 Hei Fan’s true inheritance did not leave behind any day Gu, month Gu, and mortal year Gu, Fang Yuan had to purchase these mortal Gu himself.


 Even though this task had its difficulties, as long as Fang Yuan was determined, he could achieve it.


 “These four immortal killer moves form a set, they are specially used to alter the rate of time in the immortal aperture. Hei Fan, who created these killer moves, had incredible talent.”


 At the end, Hei Fan even noted: If the inheritor could obtain immortal level day Gu or month Gu, these four immortal killer moves would not need to consume so many mortal day Gu and month Gu, the effect would even rise greatly.


 “I was already extremely fortunate to have obtained immortal level year Gu. As for immortal level day Gu and month Gu, I can forget about it.” Fang Yuan was clear of the situation.


 His goal in this trip had been fulfilled, Fang Yuan was satisfied with it.


 He continued to look.


 Immortal killer move — Years Grant Strength!


 Soon, Fang Yuan saw a very interesting killer move.


 This killer move used year Gu as the core, it could grant the Gu Immortal immense physical strength. The more year Gu expended, the greater the strength obtained.


 This was Hei Fan’s own creation, he used time path Gu worms to achieve a strength path effect.


 Immortal killer move — Hundred Years Harmony!


 It also used year Gu as the core, with a large number of supplementary information path mortal Gu, to create an alliance agreement that could last for a hundred years.


 This was a use of time path Gu worms to unleash the might of information path.


 “I can use this with Chu Du, after all, our current alliance agreement was solely handled by him, it is not reliable.” Fang Yuan rapidly had an idea.


 Immortal killer move — Unlucky Year.


 This was an immortal killer move that used Years Flow Like Water as the core. Fang Yuan could not use it now, he could only look on in captivation.


 Using time path to achieve the mystical effect of luck path.


 This was an offensive killer move, once the enemy was hit, they would experience a huge fall in luck for a year, nothing they do would go smoothly.


 “As expected of Hei Fan, an expert even among rank eight Gu Immortals!”


 “If he was born in the Central Continent ten great ancient sects, he would definitely be invited into Heavenly Court, he would be an elite among Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.”


 To be able to use one’s own path to mimic other paths and achieve their mystical effects, this was the symbol of a rank eight expert. Ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals could not reach this stage.


 Hei Fan’s strength was similar to Heavenly Court’s Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was a rank eight Gu Immortal cultivating wisdom path. But when Bo Qing awakened, and his sword lights were sent out over Central Continent, in order to fix Heaven Overseeing Tower, he actually used wisdom path methods. And the effect was even better than ordinary refinement path methods.


 This was using wisdom path to achieve the effects of refinement path.


 “Oh, endless trouble? What move is this?”


 Towards the end, Fang Yuan saw an immortal killer move.


 Its core was after Immortal Gu, once the Gu Immortal activated it, they could delay the current calamity or tribulation to the time of the next one, and face them together.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 There was Hei Fan’s advice left inside the description of this killer move.


 This killer move could not be used excessively, even though the calamity or tribulation would be delayed until the next one, it would anger heaven’s will, the following calamities or tribulations would increase greatly in strength.


 This immortal killer move was created by Hei Fan, but he only used it once and never again.


 To warn his descendants, Hei Fan intentionally gave a name like ‘Endless Trouble’.


 “I can only use it in emergencies, it is not a standard method, but it is definitely something very useful.” Fang Yuan was surprised and joyful to have obtained this.


 Anger heaven’s will?


 He could not care less.


 Heaven’s will was bent on killing him anyway. Fang Yuan’s existence was the biggest cause of heaven’s will’s anger to begin with.


 After spending some time, Fang Yuan finally finished reading the contents of the immortal killer moves.


 It was very comprehensive, there were even details about the development of an immortal aperture. In fact, there were even details about the mimicking of other paths’ effects.


 Even though Hei Fan’s true inheritance only had these few Immortal Gu.


 But by cooperating with mortal Gu and forming countless immortal killer moves, the Gu Immortal could deal with any situation that arises.


 This was the norm in the cultivation world.


 Even though Hei Fan was strong, he was not even of one of the ten extreme physiques. Thus, he raised very few Gu worms, they were all time path Gu worms, he could support them.


 The number of Gu worms was not crucial, the Gu Immortal who uses them was most important.


 Hei Fan was the best example.


 Even though he only had three Immortal Gu, his use of Gu could unleash incredible effects.


 There was no strongest Immortal Gu, only strongest Gu Immortal. This was what the sentence was referring to.



***
Chapter 1131 - Hei Fan’s Gu Refinement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Compared to Hei Fan, even though I have many Immortal Gu, I am unable to use all of them to this extent.” Fang Yuan reflected upon himself.


 Hei Fan’s true inheritance gave him a lot of insight to his problems, but he did not waver: “It is great that I can raise so many Immortal Gu as well.”


 Gu Immortals placed great focus on their calamities and tribulations. The more they cultivated, the tougher the calamities and tribulations.


 Hei Fan had few Immortal Gu, his burden of feeding them was low, but he had many methods to deal with all sorts of situations. He accumulated his resources, even if he sold them, by storing up immortal essence stones, he could have a huge immortal essence stones stockpile.


 And Hei Fan had a tribe, a super force with the Huang Jin bloodline. Hei Fan liked to nurture descendants, he had a lot of Immortal Gu that were not too important, before setting up the true inheritance, he had given them out to Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals, or placed them into the treasury and passed them down.


 Hei Fan did not have one of the ten extreme physiques, his immortal aperture had limited potential, the resources he could grow also had a limit.


 All in all, he fed just a few Immortal Gu and researched many killer moves for them, it was a very wise choice.


 But Fang Yuan was different.


 Different situations needed to be analyzed in depth.


 The first difference was his sovereign immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had immense potential, feeding Gu was a burden, feeding Immortal Gu was a greater burden. But Fang Yuan could afford to do so, easily in fact.


 The second difference was that Fang Yuan was alone.


 He was alone, he only had to care for himself! He did not need to worry for a tribe, or give any attention to his descendants.


 This was the advantage of being a loner.


 The advantage of a tribe was shared resources and helping each other. But at Hei Fan’s level, he was the one giving the tribe benefits.


 But Hei Fan had never thought of leaving the tribe.


 He had grown up in this tribal environment, during his growth, he had received a lot of help from the tribe, relationships, friendships, and kinship, he had all of them. He cared about the tribe, and his descendants.


 The environment that a person grows up in has a huge influence on them.


 And Fang Yuan was free and unrestrained, he had almost zero burden in this aspect. Even though he joined Lang Ya Sect, he was just making use of them.


 The third difference was that Fang Yuan had huge pressure in survival.


 He needed a lot of Immortal Gu. Immortal Gu were unique, with a greater number of them in all aspects, they could deal with many situations. For example, he could use flying sword Immortal Gu to attack, and sword escape Immortal Gu to retreat.


 Even without killer moves, Fang Yuan could use Immortal Gu to deal with many situations.


 In fact, having many Immortal Gu was useful and helpful to the construction of immortal killer moves.


 Immortal killer moves used core Immortal Gu and supplementary mortal Gu. For example, Fang Yuan’s sword marks targeting death, a sword path immortal killer move, used flying sword Immortal Gu as the core, and a small number of supplementary sword path mortal Gu.


 If Fang Yuan did not have flying sword Immortal Gu, and only had sword escape Immortal Gu, how would he use Sword Escape in place of Flying Sword to unleash sword marks targeting death?


 Sword Escape replacing Flying Sword was possible. Because the two were sword path Immortal Gu, they were interchangeable on this basis.


 But the entire killer move, sword marks targeting death, would need to be heavily altered.


 Flying Sword was used as an attacking Immortal Gu, it was easy to construct an offensive killer move with it.


 But Sword Escape was a movement Immortal Gu, if it were to replace Flying Sword, the mortal Gu used for sword marks targeting death would need to be changed, and increased drastically in number. This way, when using sword marks targeting death, the process would be more lengthy and difficult, the failure rate would be higher, and it would have less feasibility as a whole.


 Looking at it overall, Hei Fan’s development method suited most people, but it did not suit Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s Gu raising method was the most optimal for himself. But if other Gu Immortals mimicked him, they would be courting death.


 Fang Yuan continued to read.


 After the immortal killer moves, Hei Fan’s true inheritance talked about mortal killer moves.


 There was an even greater number of these killer moves, a large portion of them were time path, but Fang Yuan basically had no need for them anymore.


 Immortal and mortal was vastly different. Maybe in the future, Fang Yuan could use these methods to probe other Gu Immortals in battle, but they had little use, because Fang Yuan already had a good number of exemplary mortal killer moves.


 He already had numerous blood path and strength path killer moves.


 These mortal killer moves might only have one use in the end, to be the foundation for deductions.


 After the mortal killer moves, there were some incomplete killer moves, including both immortal and mortal killer moves.


 The completion rate varied, some were even simply inspired ideas or guesses.


 These were things that Hei Fan had never completed even upon his death.


 Deducing killer moves was unavoidable and essential in a Gu Immortal’s cultivation journey.


 Fang Yuan took a look, nothing really caught his eye.


 His time path attainment level was too low, and he could not use wisdom Gu. Furthermore, Fang Yuan already had many useful methods, they were sufficient.


 As a result, his browsing of killer moves ended.


 “After returning, I will need to spend a lot of time practising these killer moves.” Fang Yuan planned.


 The usage of killer moves could end in failure.


 If during an intense battle, the activation fails, the Gu Immortal would suffer a backlash. If it was during a critical moment in battle, that would be terrible. One killer move’s success or failure could directly affect the outcome of the battle, or even determine life and death itself.


 Thus, one had to be extremely familiar and proficient with their killer moves!


 This would use some funds as well.


 The supplementary mortal Gu that made up the killer moves needed to be purchased. When practising, activating immortal killer moves would expend immortal essence. And practising would definitely occur more than once.


 All of these required money, money, money!


 Thus, the development of a Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture was extremely important in their cultivation.


 Finances were the foundation for military might.


 Fighting was dangerous, and with the threat of calamities and tribulations, unless huge benefits or conflicts were involved, Gu Immortals usually preferred to live in peace instead.


 “To practise so many killer moves, I need a lot of funds.” Fang Yuan frowned, he felt both joy and worry.


 Of course, this was simply a blissful worry.


 Large numbers of immortal killer moves, even more mortal killer moves and incomplete killer moves. After looking at them, Fang Yuan moved onto Gu recipes.


 Immortal Gu recipes!


 Among which, the first was the parallel refinement method of immortal level year Gu.


 There were quite a few parallel refinement Gu recipes.


 There were a total of five, they could achieve parallel refinement and elevate year Gu.


 At the back, Hei Fan even noted his experiences, he talked about the advantages and disadvantages of all five methods, and some tips when undergoing parallel refinement. Just the methods recorded here was incredibly insightful for Fang Yuan.


 Out of the five parallel refinement Immortal Gu recipes, the one Hei Fan used the most was the final one.


 This Immortal Gu recipe was created by Hei Fan in his later years. It used the least ingredients and had the highest success rate, it expended the least amount of time and mental energy as well. Overall, it used a large number of mortal level year Gu and added them into the immortal level year Gu, thus the effect was great.


 After developing this, Hei Fan almost abandoned the first four Gu recipes, he used this parallel refinement method solely.


 But because of the comprehensive nature of Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he recorded the four recipes into it regardless.


 “Rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water can produce countless mortal year Gu, these year Gu can be used to parallel refine immortal level year Gu, it is so convenient.”


 Fang Yuan sighed as he continued looking.


 Next was the Immortal Gu recipe of refining after Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan already had this Immortal Gu, he only took one glance at it.


 Overall, the number of Immortal Gu recipes was quite shocking.


 There were nearly a hundred!


 And all of them were fully completed Immortal Gu recipes.


 Most were rank six, some were rank seven, and there were only two or three rank eight Immortal Gu recipes.


 In terms of path, most were time path, but there were also other paths like fire path and luck path.


 Compared to the immortal killer moves, these Immortal Gu recipes were more disorganized. There were recently created Immortal Gu recipes, there were also ancient recipes with extinct immortal materials, they could not be used anymore.


 Among all of the Immortal Gu recipes, Hei Fan placed the greatest emphasis on Years Flow Like Water.


 The rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water was actually the creation of Hei Fan!


 His inspiration was obtained by constantly parallel refining year Gu.


 Hei Fan had described the entire process of refining Years Flow Like Water in great detail. In order to get enough immortal materials, he had expended the entire Hei tribe treasury, and used up a lot of favors and paid a huge price to ask two refinement path great experts to help. In the end, he was still in a lot of debt.


 To refine Years Flow Like Water, Hei Fan had placed all of his effort into it. During the refinement process, he had suffered failure after failure, there was several times he wanted to give up.


 Hei Fan had recorded all of these mental states down, he was not afraid of his descendants laughing at him. This showed that Hei Fan had truly put his heart and soul into creating this true inheritance.


 In the end, because of his relatively good luck, after nine failures, he finally succeeded.


 In his words, all of the difficulties and risks that Hei Fan faced when refining the rank eight Immortal Gu was expressed in detail.


 Even after succeeding, Hei Fan did not recoup his losses for many years to come.


 He solemnly warned his inheritor to treasure the fruits of his predecessor’s hard work greatly. If they cultivate to rank eight in the future, when refining rank eight Immortal Gu, they had to be extremely careful.


 Fang Yuan saw this and thought of Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Right now, this old fellow was also refining a rank eight Immortal Gu.


 And this Immortal Gu was extremely precious, it was fortune rivalling heaven Gu! According to what Lang Ya land spirit said, this Immortal Gu was created in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s later years using the essence of luck path.


 Refining rank eight was a huge gamble.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu had Ma Hong Yun as the main ingredient, it saved him a lot of costs. But even so, when gathering immortal materials, he had discarded his reputation, he went personally to Zombie Alliance to steal immortal zombie corpses, he even went to Hei tribe’s treasury and looted it. The entire Snowy Mountain blessed land was in chaos because of his actions, everyone was worried.


 Yao Huang was also trying to refine resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu. According to the rumors in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, this Immortal Gu was also rank eight.


 Actually, everyone knew about the risks of refining a rank eight Immortal Gu.


 But why did they still try?


 As a matter of fact, having a rank eight Immortal Gu and not having one meant two completely different states.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals had to undergo tribulations as well, they usually had low lifespan, many times, they had no choice but to take a risk.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was doing this for his tribulation, while Yao Huang was trying to prolong his life. Calamities and tribulations could not hinder Hei Fan, but he had limited lifespan, he eventually died.


 “Tribulations and lifespan.” Fang Yuan knew that in his quest for eternal life, he had to get through these two tough problems.



***
Chapter 1132 - Taking Over Hei Fan Grotto-Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After the Immortal Gu recipes, there were mortal Gu recipes.


 There were many mortal Gu recipes, Fang Yuan felt a little shocked seeing all of them.


 The ones worth looking at were the mortal Gu recipes of day, month, and year Gu.


 In accordance with these mortal Gu recipes, Fang Yuan could buy his mortal materials and refine his own mortal level day Gu, month Gu, and year Gu.


 “This way, not only can I buy these mortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven, I can also refine them myself. This would no doubt greatly reduce my preparation. But it is a waste for me to do the refinement myself, I should ask the hairy men in Lang Ya Sect to do it.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan frowned uncontrollably.


 His relationship with Lang Ya Sect had already turned cold, he would need to improve their relationship if he were to ask them for help.


 Forget about these for now, Fang Yuan continued to look at Hei Fan’s true inheritance.


 After Immortal Gu recipes and mortal Gu recipes, there were some incomplete Gu recipes.


 They had varying completion rates, some were ninety percent, stuck at a crucial step. Some were at ten to twenty percent, they were at the initial stages of creation.


 “Immortal Gu ‘Before’?” Fang Yuan’s gaze halted.


 Among the incomplete Immortal Gu recipes, the before Immortal Gu recipe was only fifty-seven percent complete.


 Before Immortal Gu, after Immortal Gu, they were related Immortal Gu.


 Evidently, in Hei Fan’s lifetime, after obtaining after Immortal Gu, he had greatly desired before Immortal Gu.


 Unfortunately, even until his death, he did not succeed.


 Next was Hei Fan’s recorded experiences in deducing these Gu recipes. He talked about the difficulties of deduction, he told his inheritor not to be afraid of difficulty and to persevere. At the same time, he talked about the importance of inspiration.


 Thus, behind this, Hei Fan wrote about some tricks and tips. Like using wisdom path inspiration Gu, and light path a flash of inspiration Gu, to help him with the deduction.


 Looking at this, Fang Yuan smiled.


 He was a wisdom path grandmaster, he had obtained Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path true inheritance, he dominated Hei Fan in this aspect. Hei Fan’s experiences in this aspect were quite shallow from Fang Yuan’s perspective.


 Everyone had their own field of expertise, even though Hei Fan was skilled, he had his weak points too.


 Like how Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable looked to Long Hair Ancestor for help to refine Immortal Gu.


 After killer moves and Gu recipes, there were Hei Fan’s own cultivation experiences.


 Among this, there were maps, including the five regions and even white heaven and black heaven, they had huge value in terms of reference.


 Of course, Northern Plains’ map was the most detailed, the other four regions were more simple.


 Fang Yuan placed the most attention on the maps of white heaven and black heaven, this had broadened his horizons.


 Some strong rank seven Gu Immortals and all rank eight Gu Immortals would often explore black heaven and white heaven, scavenging for resources within.


 As an expert among rank eights, Hei Fan was no exception.


 After the maps, there were lots of secrets regarding the Gu Immortal world.


 Like Imperial Court blessed land and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there was the most information about these. But they were useless now.


 And Hei Fan’s own conjectures.


 What attracted Fang Yuan the most was one of them.


 Hei Fan was suspicious that a time path Gu Immortal had inherited Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 From this record, Fang Yuan could sense that Hei Fan had a huge desire towards Red Lotus’ true inheritance.


 This was expected.


 He was a time path great expert, he naturally sought out and looked up to the number one time path true inheritance in the world.


 The final important point was Hei Fan’s own ideas and experimentation on the development of an immortal aperture.


 Using his own situation as an example, he clearly stated how calamities and tribulations, dao marks, and immortal aperture helped each other in an intrinsic relationship, and how to modify the immortal aperture’s environment, like how to alter the rate of time inside. There was also the management of the immortal aperture, and the selling of resources. The important point here was year Gu.


 Back then, after Hei Fan refined rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water, he started selling mortal level year Gu, it became his most lucrative business.


 In just a few months, he became the biggest year Gu vendor in the world, he was earning huge profits.


 With this rank eight Immortal Gu, he had an unceasing gold mine!


 However, Hei Fan had also stated the possibility of the attack of year beasts. How to deal with the year beast attacks, how to capture year beasts, how to dissect year beasts, and how to sell year beasts. There was also the relationship between year beasts and the immortal aperture and others.


 Fang Yuan looked on with a frown.


 In Hei Fan’s immortal aperture, because of Years Flow Like Water, immemorial level year beasts had once went in.


 They had rank eight battle strength!


 Hei Fan spent a lot of effort in killing them. Because he fought in his immortal aperture, the result was immense losses. Many times, Hei Fan felt pain due to his losses.


 After a painful lesson, Hei Fan started to research on how to seal Years Flow Like Water, and conceal its aura when not using it.


 He found and invented many methods, that were all recorded in the true inheritance.


 He had made great achievements.


 However, Hei Fan warned the inheritor to be careful on something, that was to use Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water carefully when in battle.


 Once they fought against a strong foe and lured an immemorial year beast over to attack their immortal aperture, they would be in deep trouble.


 “It seems that I need to be very careful when using Years Flow Like Water. If I am careless and heaven’s will uses this opportunity to lure immemorial year beasts to me, I would die!”


 Fang Yuan was only rank six, he could not fight against a rank eight level existence.


 With a huge difference in strength, there would be no unexpected lucky circumstances that could save him.


 His consciousness returned from the mortal letter Gu, Fang Yuan let out a breath.


 “Hei Fan’s true inheritance is truly the work of a time path great expert, he lives up to his name!” Fang Yuan praised: “But the difficulty to inherit this is too high.”


 Precisely because of the difficulty, Hei tribe’s descendants worked hard but did not succeed. In the end, Fang Yuan took advantage of it and obtained the fruits of his labor.


 Don’t look at how easy of a time Fang Yuan had, it had many preconditions. Like attitude Gu and familiar face, he even had Chu Du’s help to obtain the heavenly crystal eagle nest.


 “However, according to the logic of the Gu Immortal world, the inheritances left behind by people of Hei Fan’s level are usually this difficult.”


 For example, Nian Er tribe’s Nian Er Sword Saint true inheritance. An inheritor would only appear every few hundred years, the current one was Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 Hei Fan and Nian Er Sword Saint were people who left their names in history, they were prideful people, they were unwilling to have their inheritances obtained by useless people that would tarnish their reputation, they set difficult requirements to choose a worthy successor, it was normal.


 “Next, I have to take over this Hei Fan grotto-heaven.” Fang Yuan looked at the brass bell heavenly spirit, signalling to it.


 At the next moment, the brass bell heavenly spirit slowly flew towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 When he inherited Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he became the owner of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he could naturally command this brass bell heavenly spirit.


 The regretful thing was, Hei Fan grotto-heaven had absorbed the immemorial azure heaven fragment, it made the brass bell heavenly spirit mindless and unresponsive, Fang Yuan could not manipulate it easily, it was hard to communicate, it was worse than Hu Immortal land spirit.


 Fang Yuan first looked at Immortal Succession Mountain.


 This mountain had many pavilions on it. Each one had an inheritance in it. Some of the inheritances were mortal level, while some were left by Gu Immortals.


 The Gu Immortals originally in Hei Fan grotto-heaven had ascended Immortal Succession Mountain when they were mortals, after getting the inheritances, they slowly cultivated their way up.


 Unfortunately, their generations of development were in vain, Fang Yuan killed all of them on this day.


 Fang Yuan inspected and realized that Immortal Succession Mountain had a few inheritances left. Most of the stone pavilions were empty already.


 He kept all of these inheritances.


 He was the owner of the grotto-heaven now, everything inside was his. These inheritances were no different.


 However, these inheritances were mostly mortal inheritances, there were only three Gu Immortal inheritances. Among which, two of them did not have any Immortal Gu, but they had a few Immortal Gu recipes. The last Gu Immortal inheritance had one Immortal Gu left, it was called Bone Spike, it was a bone path offensive Gu worm.


 After ransacking Immortal Succession Mountain, Fang Yuan looked at the huge world in this place.


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven had countless resources, the map in the true inheritance had talked about Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s resource distribution, but after so many years, and after nurturing so many Gu Immortals, the resource map was no longer applicable to its current state.


 And the brass bell heavenly spirit could not communicate.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had captives.


 Even though he killed all of the Gu Immortals, he had preserved their souls, right now, all of them were locked up in his immortal aperture.


 Soul search.


 A while later, Fang Yuan knew Hei Fan grotto-heaven like the back of his hand. Other than a few areas that ancient desolate beasts and ancient desolate plants were living in, there were some forbidden grounds.


 These Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven were locals, after tens of generations, how could they know nothing about Hei Fan grotto-heaven?


 In the process of soul searching, Fang Yuan also learned about the inheritances and cultivation experiences of these Gu Immortals.


 “Blood light spirit suppression? Hehe, heaven’s will...”


 Fang Yuan inspected Zheng Tuo, Zhou Min, and Feng Jun’s souls, he realized their scheme.


 Fang Yuan was glad that he struck quickly, otherwise, if he waited, these three immortals might have actually succeeded.


 Chu Du snatched the heavenly crystal eagle nest away, while Fang Yuan had attitude Gu and familiar face, heaven’s will knew about all these.


 Most importantly, Hei Fan grotto-heaven had absorbed a piece of an immemorial azure heaven fragment, heaven’s will could look into the grotto-heaven.


 The immortal killer move blood light spirit suppression that Feng Jun had suddenly created was quite suspicious. Fang Yuan assumed that this was likely heaven’s will’s influence!


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan took action after getting the heavenly crystal eagle nest, he went to obtain Hei Fan true inheritance in the shortest time possible.


 “I have to move away all of the resources inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, and put them in my immortal aperture. This place is not safe!”


 “As for Hei Fan grotto-heaven, I will give it to Chu Du. The value of the grotto-heaven itself is already thirty percent of Hei Fan true inheritance’s value.”


 As for what heaven’s will would do to Chu Du, Fang Yuan could not care less.


 He had already given the method of self will Gu to Chu Du, he did not have to worry about heaven’s will influencing Chu Du’s thoughts.


 In the next few days, Fang Yuan went through a thorough inspection.


 The entire distribution of living habitats, the cooperation and co-existence between resources, some complemented each other while others restrained each other, these were all precious knowledge that Fang Yuan could learn in order to manage his own immortal aperture.


 He was lacking in this aspect.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had low aptitude, blood path Gu Immortals were skilled in fighting, but were not good in immortal aperture management. Especially large immortal apertures, Fang Yuan had no experience in managing them. Not to mention the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Right now, Hei Fan grotto-heaven was like an encyclopedia placed in front of him!



***
Chapter 1133 - Ransacking the Entire Grotto-heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In the next few days, Fang Yuan went around almost the entirety of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 His consciousness was covering the surroundings, observing as he researched.


 Sometimes, Fang Yuan felt that it was as if Hei Fan was teaching him personally across time and space.


 There was an incredibly detailed explanation in Hei Fan’s true inheritance, the Hei Fan grotto-heaven in front of him was a real life example, he could interact with and excavate information from it, he could also observe it. If there were any differences, Fang Yuan would soul search those captive Gu Immortals, this made him understand the process and secrets of the prosperity and dwindling of species in a long span of time.


 Hei Fan’s talent made Fang Yuan feel deep admiration, he had benefited greatly from it. Regarding the development of the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan now had many new bold ideas.


 When Fang Yuan was certain that he had already understood the structure of the entirety of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he started to move resources.


 First were the heavenly crystals.


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s first forbidden ground was the heavenly crystal storage pool.


 This pool was built in the sky, it covered an enormous area, and was surrounded in layers of Gu formations. But the heavenly crystals only occupied the small area at the center.


 The heavenly crystals produced in Hei Fan grotto-heaven were light azure in color.


 Heavenly crystals had different colors depends on where they were produced.


 Fang Yuan placed this storage pool into Mini Azure Heaven.


 “It is a pity that this storage pool can only produce heavenly crystals in a grotto-heaven. My sovereign immortal aperture is only a blessed land, it cannot do anything inside here. However, the light azure heavenly crystals in the storage pool and that heavenly crystal eagle nest should last five to six years for me.”


 Fang Yuan assessed, with the addition of these crystals, he would have no problems in feeding the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Heavenly crystals were not easy to buy in treasure yellow heaven.


 The second forbidden area was underground.


 This was a huge cave.


 There was stalactites growing in the cave, the most valuable one were the hibiscus stalactites, it was rare in the outside world, but a lot were growing here.


 Fang Yuan spent some effort, digging out the entire cave and transplanting it into Mini Southern Border.


 Thankfully, he had pulling mountain Immortal Gu, otherwise, this second forbidden area would be hard to deal with.


 “But after I do this, when the stalactites grow, they would need to absorb the earth qi inside the sovereign immortal aperture, it would increase the sovereign immortal aperture’s earth qi expenditure. Once in a while, I will need to place down the immortal aperture and replenish earth qi.”


 Other than these natural resources, there were ancient desolate beasts and ancient desolate plants.


 Among the ancient desolate plants, there was one walking meat tree.


 This tree was a rare strength path plant, it usually grew in black heaven.


 In order to cultivate it, Hei Fan specially enclosed a portion of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, creating a condition of darkness.


 Around the walking meat tree, Hei Fan specially created a habitat that suited its growth.


 The walking meat tree’s branches were very peculiar, they were like soft and thick octopus tentacles. With a light whip, they could send desolate beasts flying.


 Fang Yuan had once seen one in Starry Sky grotto-heaven, this was his second encounter, he sighed.


 He had once wished he could get a walking meat tree, because he could use eat strength Immortal Gu to increase his strength path dao marks. But now, he had the walking meat tree, but eat strength Immortal Gu was destroyed, it was truly untimely.


 Fang Yuan placed the walking meat tree into Mini Black Heaven within the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture’s advantage was starting to show. Hei Fan had to make meticulous arrangements to plant the walking meat tree. Fang Yuan did not need to do this, because Mini Black Heaven’s environment was close to the real immemorial black heaven, the walking meat tree was very pleased after the relocation, it stretched out its branches comfortably.


 Because Hei Fan had specialized methods, Fang Yuan had an easy time relocating these ancient desolate plants.


 The same went for the other desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts living in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Using methods in Hei Fan’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan could lure these desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts into his immortal aperture with no trouble.


 What was worth mentioning was that among the ancient desolate beasts in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, there were three remnant heavenly dogs.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan needed dog desolate beasts, not ancient desolate beasts. He needed their faeces to feed the rank six dog shit luck Immortal Gu.


 But these three remnant heavenly dogs were not useless.


 In the future, if Fang Yuan raised dog shit luck Immortal Gu to rank seven, its food would change drastically. At that time, the remnant heavenly dog’s faeces would be useful.


 Fang Yuan’s relocation was very efficient, in the entire process, the brass bell heavenly spirit followed beside him.


 Fang Yuan was the grotto-heaven’s owner, the heavenly spirit would cooperate with everything he did without resistance.


 After half a month, Fang Yuan finally emptied Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Even the empty Immortal Succession Mountain was not left alone, Fang Yuan moved it into Mini Southern Border.


 Originally, there were large numbers of Gu Masters and mortals living in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 They were all the descendants of Hei tribe’s criminal immortals.


 Fang Yuan killed all of them, collecting their souls, planning to feed them to Dang Hun Mountain.


 What made Fang Yuan feel slight regret was, Hei Fan grotto-heaven did not have any variant humans.


 When grotto-heavens or blessed lands reach a certain stage, the Gu Immortals would start rearing variant humans inside. Even though Hei Fan could do this, he did not.


 Even though there were no variant humans, and most of the common cultivation resources were expended by the Gu Immortals inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan still had immense gains!


 All of the resources in Hei Fan grotto-heaven were placed into the sovereign immortal aperture, from a desolate state, it was starting to gain life.


 “This is a huge breakthrough!”


 “If I were to work at it myself, to get the sovereign immortal aperture to this stage of development, I would need six hundred years! And that is the best case scenario. Now after taking in Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s resources, I have directly reached this stage.”


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven had existed for a long time, it had accumulated a great amount of resources! After all, this was the accumulation of a rank eight Gu Immortal’s wealth.


 Even though a lot was used up, and it was not at its prime, Fang Yuan still benefited greatly.


 For example, the sovereign immortal aperture previously was like a pauper, even the Immortal Gu were starving. But now, he had inherited the wealth of a billionaire, he turned into a billionaire instantly!


 “Now, the resources inside the sovereign immortal aperture definitely surpasses most rank seven Gu Immortals in terms of value! Even by the standards of rank eight Gu Immortals, I might barely be able to reach them.”


 “Of course, a lot of the resources have just been moved into the sovereign immortal aperture, with a change in environment and a fall in time path dao marks, their production would greatly reduce, they might even wither and die.”


 “The beasts and plants need to adapt to the new environment, and my sovereign immortal aperture also needs to assimilate them slowly.”


 “Among which, I can’t use some of the resources, I should sell them and exchange for the things I need.”


 Moving all of the resources was just the start.


 Next, Fang Yuan was going to get busy with his development and management.


 A few days later, Fang Yuan brought Chu Du into Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 “After getting your letter, I came here immediately. This is Hei Fan grotto-heaven? Hm, why is it so barren?” Chu Du had just arrived in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he looked around with a surprised and disappointed look.


 There was almost nothing in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Even the grasslands were dug up by Fang Yuan, it was literally empty. There were no trees as well, of course.


 And the rivers and pools were all moved into the sovereign immortal aperture using pulling water Immortal Gu as well.


 The scenic Hei Fan grotto-heaven had become desolate as ever, when winds blew, sand flew into the air, it was a dismal sight.


 Chu Du looked at Fang Yuan with a flickering gaze.


 His expression seemed to be saying: Brother, isn’t your appetite too big? I rushed here to see this?


 Fang Yuan smiled, pointing at the sky: “Brother Chu, according to our alliance agreement, I will pay you thirty percent of my gains. Hei Fan grotto-heaven is yours now.”


 Chu Du heard this and his expression changed, he looked at Fang Yuan in shock: “Are you serious?”


 “Of course.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Chu Du was greatly enticed!


 Even though the resources inside the grotto-heaven were taken by Fang Yuan, this was still a grotto-heaven!


 Resources and grotto-heaven were like eggs and the chicken respectively.


 Fang Yuan took the eggs, he left the chicken to Chu Du.


 Chu Du squinted, his eyes were flickering with sharp light.


 He could not reject it!


 The reason?


 Because controlling this grotto-heaven was an immense help to Chu Du’s cultivation.


 Even though Chu Du also had an immortal aperture, it was only a blessed land, be it time path or space path resources, they could not compare to a grotto-heaven. And this was Hei Fan’s grotto-heaven!


 Chu Du’s blessed land also had lots of cultivation resources, But it was not safe to place his resources there.


 Because of calamities and tribulations.


 Calamities and tribulations would destroy the immortal aperture’s resources when targeting the Gu Immortals as well.


 Chu Du had rank seven cultivation level, he had passed many calamities and tribulations, he knew the trouble and pain of getting his resources destroyed by calamities and tribulations.


 He did not have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, his blessed land’s space was limited. It was unlike Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, it was too big, even after taking in Hei Fan’s resources, there was still a lot of space left. Fang Yuan could freely choose a place inside it with no resources to undergo his tribulation, but Chu Du could not.


 “Hei Fan grotto-heaven has no calamities and tribulations, because this immortal aperture has absorbed a fragment of immemorial azure heaven. I can place my resources inside here, of course, there are few strength path dao marks here, I will need to decide this carefully in the future.” Chu Du assessed.


 “Liu Guan Yi handed over Hei Fan grotto-heaven to me, other than completing our agreement, it is also because this grotto-heaven itself is a problem.”


 Chu Du was not stupid, he quickly realized: He had taken the heavenly crystal eagle nest, everyone knew that Hei Fan true inheritance was in his hands.


 In truth, the one who obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance was Fang Yuan. Except that he was in the background, while Chu Du occupied the grotto-heaven. If anything happened in the future, Fang Yuan would not be in trouble, but Chu Du would.


 “Even if Heavenly Lord Bai Zu attacks, I will take over Hei Fan grotto-heaven. How can I, the great Domination Immortal, be afraid of a small risk?”


 Thinking of this, Chu Du spoke, agreeing.


 “Good, as expected of the Domination Immortal!” Fang Yuan clapped, praising.


 But next, when handing over Hei Fan grotto-heaven, there was a tiny problem.


 The brass bell heavenly spirit was unwilling to.


 It was because Chu Du did not have Hei tribe’s bloodline.


 “Ignorant thing.” Fang Yuan smiled sinisterly, destroying the defenseless brass bell heavenly spirit with one hit.


 The problem was immediately solved!



***
Chapter 1134 - Battling Falling Star Hound


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After the transaction, Hei Fan grotto-heaven changed owners.


 Even though Chu Du asked him to stay, Fang Yuan was insistent on leaving.


 He had stayed in Hei Fan grotto-heaven for too long, Fang Yuan had to start preparing for his fourth earthly calamity.


 Of course, before leaving, he used the immortal killer move hundred years harmony to create a new alliance agreement with Chu Du.


 Fang Yuan left quickly, Chu Du was left behind, feeling a huge headache looking at the barren Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Traveling back, he returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Oh, look, Fang Yuan is back.” A hairy man Gu Immortal who was inside Lang Ya blessed land saw Fang Yuan who was flying in the sky.


 “Does it matter if he is back?”


 “That’s right, there is no difference if Lang Ya Sect has him or not.”


 “He is a human Gu Immortal after all, he is not one of us.”


 “Ignore him, let’s continue planning on how to take down that falling star hound!”


 Soon, these hairy man Gu Immortals lowered their heads, continuing to discuss their tactic.


 Fang Yuan looked down, his gaze sweeping past these hairy man Gu Immortals. Even though they were far away, Fang Yuan had investigative methods, he heard what they were saying.


 At once, Fang Yuan’s gaze turned eerie.


 He had spent a lot of time searching for Hei Fan’s true inheritance, the fourth earthly calamity was close.


 Fang Yuan was planning to undergo this earthly calamity himself.


 Even though getting Chu Du’s help was safer, Reckless Savage’s true meaning would also be split.


 Fang Yuan would definitely want to take the benefits for himself if possible! Only when he is unable to do so would he think of other ways.


 And just now, he obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, his strength rose greatly, he was confident in dealing with the fourth earthly calamity alone!


 “But to undergo tribulation, I need Lang Ya Sect’s immortal tribulation tempering aperture, I will need to borrow Immortal Gu and mortal Gu from Lang Ya land spirit.”


 “With my current relationship with Lang Ya land spirit, he will not lend it to me, unless I provide a huge gain like selling Dang Hun Mountain.”


 “Looking at it, I should use my remaining time to complete that sect mission of taking down the falling star hound. Firstly, it can improve our relationship, secondly, I can gain a lot of sect contribution points, to pay for borrowing Gu.”


 Fang Yuan did not return to his cloud city, he flew straight to the first cloud city.


 There, he met with Lang Ya land spirit.


 “Oh, you still remembered to come back?” Lang Ya land spirit did not speak in a pleasant tone, he had a cold attitude.


 Fang Yuan sighed, he showed a bitter expression: “Please understand, first supreme elder, I had my reasons. Earlier, I was not ignoring it, I simply had no time or effort. After going out this time, I resolved my crisis. The moment I returned, I heard the supreme elders taking about taking down the falling star hound, I rushed here to get this mission from you, first supreme elder, at the first moment.”


 “Oh?” Lang Ya land spirit heard this and stopped frowning: “This means you are going to do it?”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly again: “I have been wanting to accept the mission, I am a member of Lang Ya Sect after all. But the circumstances did not allow me to, I had no choice. Now that I can spare the effort, I want to do something for the sect.”


 His acting skills with attitude Gu immediately took effect, Lang Ya land spirit felt that Fang Yuan was speaking the truth, he was sincere and apologetic.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression soothed, he was about to agree, but he quickly changed his words: “It will be troublesome if you want to accept this mission. Earlier, Twelfth Hair and the rest have already coordinated, they are going to strike. Last time, even though they failed, they had gained great experience, both sides had suffered a loss. They are likely going to succeed now. If you want to take this mission, regardless of whether you succeed, you will conflict with them first.”


 Fang Yuan was only an outsider, Twelfth Hair and the rest were true hairy man Gu Immortals, they were part of the hairy men.


 Lang Ya land spirit naturally would side with Twelfth Hair and the rest.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “So that’s it. How about this, let them take the mission first, if they cannot complete it, I will help out, is that okay?”


 Lang Ya land spirit thought about it, nodding: “Okay.”


 Fang Yuan said again: “I hope first supreme elder can announce this.”


 Lang Ya land spirit did as he said.


 Once he announced it, there was a commotion in Lang Ya Sect.


 “That Fang Yuan is finally going to fight?”


 “Hmph, he sees that we are succeeding, so he wants to attempt it.”


 “Despicable scoundrel!”


 “Disregarding the fact that he is despicable, the reward for taking down the falling star hound has risen to over a thousand! Whoever completes it will gain the greatest benefit.”


 “Oh Twelfth, you must succeed, don’t let that Fang Yuan take advantage!”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals had mutual animosity towards him.


 Twelfth Hair nodded, subconsciously clenching his fists, thinking: “I must succeed, we prepared amply, I will not let everyone down!”


 His previous fight gave the hairy men lots of confidence.


 Twelfth Hair was prepared to attack in two days’ time. But because of this matter, he decided to be more safe, and prepare himself better.


 Seven days later, Fang Yuan received notification that Twelfth Hair and the rest were about to attack.


 He went uninvited, gathering with Twelfth Hair and the rest.


 “Elder Fang Yuan.” Sixth Hair went ahead and spoke to Fang Yuan in a strange tone.


 His true identity was Shadow Sect’s spy, but even if Fang Yuan exposed him, nobody would believe it. Because he had made a deal with Fang Yuan, they were in the same boat, he was fearless.


 Last time, he was ordered to represent Ying Wu Xie in transacting with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had the upper hand, he had suffered immensely.


 Fang Yuan did not go and challenge the falling star hound, Sixth Hair managed to stir up the hairy men and direct their attention to it, causing their relationship with Fang Yuan to worsen.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, I know why you are here, but this time, you will be disappointed.” Twelfth Hair walked forward, puffing his chest, he was filled with confidence.


 He spoke in a normal tone, he was frank and upright unlike the underhanded Sixth Hair.


 Fang Yuan looked at Twelfth Hair, he saw that this hairy man Gu Immortal had evidently changed. He was more confident and secure than before.


 Fang Yuan assessed: “Twelfth Hair cultivates refinement path along with enslavement path. This time, to deal with the falling star hound, he had been the leader. He was heavily injured before and had to rest in bed for some time. After these obstacles, he has improved drastically, his mental state has also become much more developed.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan smiled as he replied: “Then I will await brother Twelfth’s victory.”


 “Hmph, hypocrite.”


 “He seems to have given up on the surface, but he must be anxious on the inside right? Hehe.”


 The other hairy man Gu Immortals could not stand Fang Yuan’s words, they were muttering.


 Fang Yuan heard their words and ignored it.


 The group was standing in the center of the main formation.


 The hairy men were standing close together, Fang Yuan was the only outcast.


 “Stay alert, I am about to activate the Gu formation.” Twelfth Hair said, he took a glance at Fang Yuan: With one more person, the immortal essence expenditure is definitely going to be higher.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals had calm expressions, they had already used this teleportation Gu formation many times, they were used to it.


 The Gu formation gradually activated, it gave off dazzling lights.


 Fang Yuan watched silently.


 The teleportation sub formation in Tai Qiu was placed by him, Fang Yuan had returned to Lang Ya blessed land using the teleportation Gu formation.


 When he used it alone, it was easy, but he could see that these hairy man Gu Immortals had much more trouble in activating it.


 Twelfth Hair continued to expend immortal essence, after a long while, the Gu formation finally activated.


 Dazzling lights blinded everyone’s vision, with a huge mystical force, it reacted!


 In the blink of an eye, the immortals looked around and realized they were in Tai Qiu.


 Fang Yuan turned around, the huge elephant corpse was indeed behind him.


 “The immortal essence expenditure did not increase by a lot, it seems that Fang Yuan does not have a deep dao mark foundation. He is probably more experienced than us in battle techniques only.” Twelfth Hair glanced at Fang Yuan, showing some disdain in his gaze.


 “We can only win this time, we cannot lose! Let’s go!” Twelfth Hair waved, shouting loudly.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals responded, they had high morale.


 They started their journey, Fang Yuan tailed behind them. In order to not cause conflicts, Fang Yuan purposely stayed behind, not getting close to these hairy man Gu Immortals.


 Before they advanced by a lot, Fang Yuan found his target.


 “A falling star hound that has not reached maturity?” Fang Yuan was slightly surprised, he saw that the hairy man Gu Immortals were charging towards it.


 “Dog, we will definitely beat you!” Twelfth Hair shouted loudly, battle intent surging in him.


 The falling star hound howled, it lowered his body as its hill-like body burst forward with incredible speed.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were scattered by this attack.


 Twelfth Hair was in a very difficult state, he shouted in anger: “Beast, you dare to sneak attack us! Come, let’s battle for three hundred rounds.”


 Saying this, Twelfth Hair clapped his hands as a blue light expanded from his hands, forming a blue lake in the sky.


 From the lake, water spewed out, as three desolate beasts came out from the bottom of the lake.


 One yak, one tiger, and one bear.


 It was a chestnut yak, a golden-white tiger, and a diamond bear.


 The three desolate beasts went towards the falling star hound, engaging in an intense battle on the giant grass.


 This was a deep area of Tai Qiu, the giant grass was extremely tall, even the falling star hound and diamond bear was not as tall as the strands of giant grass.


 Twelfth Hair controlled the three desolate beasts, drawing the falling star hound’s attention. The other hairy man Gu Immortals were hiding in the giant grass, attacking the falling star hound from a distance.


 Fang Yuan watched from an even greater distance.


 He could evidently see many traces of intense battle in this battlefield.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals’ performance was quite impressive. They were skillful and had improved from earlier. Even though it was still quite bad, their improvement was very apparent.


 The falling star hound had not reached maturity, but it could fight with these hairy man Gu Immortals evenly.


 Fang Yuan smiled, looking at the sky.


 He thought to himself: “I am here, heaven’s will, how will you deal with me this time?”



***
Chapter 1135 - Dont Be A Disturbance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Boom!


 With a loud boom, the falling star hound crashed into the diamond bear.


 The diamond bear was only a desolate beast, but it had a robust body, it blocked the falling star hound like a wall.


 It was hit by the falling star hound, it moved back five or six steps, but it still stood firmly. The falling star hound moved back by a huge step, its head was spinning.


 It shook his head, clearing its mind.


 During this period of time, five or six killer moves shot out from the giant grass, impacting on the falling star hound’s body.


 The falling star hound cried out in pain, its flesh was cut open from the attacks.


 Fang Yuan watched coldly from the side.


 “It seems that not just Twelfth Hair, the other hairy man Gu Immortals have also learned to use their immortal killer moves.”


 “But these immortal killer moves mostly only have one core Immortal Gu, they are at rank six level.”


 After the falling star hound was attacked for a long time, even though its flesh was torn open, it was only lightly injured.


 It was an ancient desolate beast, even as an infant which had not reached maturity, it still had incredible defense and recovery abilities.


 “I cannot fail this time, Fang Yuan will see me as a joke!” Twelfth Hair concentrated, he was filled with unprecedented determination.


 The three desolate beasts seemed to be able to sense their master’s feelings, they were filled with battle intent.


 Under Twelfth Hair’s manipulation, the diamond bear with the sturdiest body resisted attacks, while the golden-white tiger assisted it. As for the chestnut yak, even though it was very weak, it could cause some interferences on the side.


 “Twelfth Hair is directing the desolate beasts, he seems to be having an easy time. But this situation is quite stagnant, the falling star hound is attacking fiercely, he has not sent out a fourth desolate beast yet. I am afraid he only has three desolate beasts after all.”


 Fang Yuan calmly analyzed.


 He even had to use a desolate beast like the chestnut yak, Fang Yuan’s guess was very likely to be true.


 “After treasure yellow heaven opened, Twelfth Hair bought a diamond bear and a golden-white tiger. But his choice is quite questionable, the diamond bear itself is sufficient. Golden-white tiger is a metal path desolate beast with strong defenses as well, he might as well get a flying desolate beast, it would pose a greater threat. That way, the falling star hound would be distracted more and act more warily, it would have weaker attacks when trying to defend itself. Hmm?”


 Fang Yuan was thinking about this, when Twelfth Hair made a mistake, the diamond bear left a gap open after moving away.


 “Damn it!” Twelfth Hair stared with furious eyes, he immediately moved the chestnut yak to fill the gap.


 “You have to hang on!” Twelfth Hair bellowed in his mind.


 The falling star hound growled, slamming the chestnut yak away.


 Next, the falling star hound broke away from the encirclement and charged into the grass.


 As a result, the hairy man Gu Immortals hiding in the grass screamed in terror.


 “Quick, use that move!” Seeing that he was about to be hit by the falling star hound, an unlucky hairy man Gu Immortal shouted in fear.


 Swoosh.


 At the next moment, he vanished on the spot, appearing beside another hairy man a thousand steps away from him.


 “Thanks, thanks. You acted quickly, otherwise, I would have died.” The hairy man Gu Immortal who was saved still felt lingering fear.


 The one who saved him was Sixth Hair.


 He patted the hairy man Gu Immortal’s shoulder: “Relax, relax, don’t forget the outsider is here, don’t make our Lang Ya Sect lose face.”


 Even now, he was still trying to sow discord.


 The hairy man Gu Immortal who was saved quickly concealed his expression, but his body was still shaking slightly.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, killing intent was hidden in his gaze as he looked at Sixth Hair.


 “I will slaughter this fellow one day! But we are members of Lang Ya Sect now, the information path alliance agreement prevents us from killing each other. So to kill him, I need to get rid of this Lang Ya Sect alliance agreement secretly first.”


 Fang Yuan wanted to make use of Lang Ya Sect’s strength, Sixth Hair was a severe obstacle.


 Sixth Hair played a big role in causing Fang Yuan and Lang Ya Sect’s relationship to turn so sour.


 In Lang Ya Sect, Fang Yuan and Sixth Hair both had ulterior motives. Their relationship was not simple either.


 Because they had made transactions, they had a hold on each other.


 Fang Yuan had Lang Ya Sect’s alliance agreement, he could not do things that harmed Lang Ya Sect. Of course, he could think and talk about them. Sixth Hair was a member of Lang Ya Sect, because of this, if Sixth Hair was in fatal danger, Fang Yuan had to save him! Of course, it depended on the situation. If Sixth Hair tried to suicidally put himself in danger and lure an ancient desolate beast in order to entrap Fang Yuan, he would not have to save him in that situation.


 Since Fang Yuan joined Lang Ya Sect and went under an alliance agreement, he was not going to be restricted so easily.


 And Sixth Hair only wanted to get rid of Fang Yuan and obtain his body. He had insufficient strength, and Fang Yuan had a hold on him, because of Shadow Sect’s plan, he was the final spy left in Lang Ya blessed land, he had to stay hidden.


 Both sides had their own reservations, they were wary of each other.


 As if he had sensed Fang Yuan’s gaze, Sixth Hair turned around and smiled sinisterly.


 He was a split soul of Spectral Soul, he had rich battle experience. This was why he could save the hairy man Gu Immortal before anyone else reacted.


 He was trying to unite the hairy man Gu Immortals and ostracize Fang Yuan, limiting his growth.


 The battle continued.


 The falling star hound did not kill the hairy man Gu Immortal, the diamond bear and golden-white tiger quickly diverted it. Soon, the chestnut yak arrived as well, forming an encirclement again.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals also continued their long range attacks.


 But Twelfth Hair continued to make flaws in the battle due to unexpected circumstances, even though he was performing above his usual abilities.


 After getting out of the encirclement, the falling star hound attempted to kill the other hairy man Gu Immortals.


 But these hairy man Gu Immortals seemed to have the same immortal killer move. Whenever one was targeted, the rest would be able to teleport them away to another comrade’s side.


 “This immortal killer move is quite interesting.” Fang Yuan watched silently, he subconsciously placed himself in the falling star hound’s position, what would he do to resolve the killer move?


 Soon, Fang Yuan had an answer.


 It was difficult to resolve this killer move. Because with just this little bit of information, he could not analyze anything.


 He did not even know the name of the killer move.


 In this short period of time, the killer move did not seem to have any flaws.


 “Even if I cannot break it, it is very easy to kill these hairy man Gu Immortals. My movement speed far exceeds them, sword marks targeting death and dark assassination can cause many deaths to them already. In fact, just flying sword Immortal Gu alone can kill them. Of course, Sixth Hair is hiding his strength, that is another issue. The actual situation would depend on how the fight develops.”


 “I am about to succeed! This time, I will truly defeat the falling star hound!” Twelfth Hair got more and more excited, the light of victory could be seen in his eyes.


 This time, he performed better than usual, seven to eight hairy man Gu Immortals along with three desolate beasts were fighting against an infant falling star hound. With the proper tactics, victory was favoring these hairy man Gu Immortals.


 “Fang Yuan, are you seeing this? Even without you, we can take down the falling star hound and obtain true victory!” Twelfth Hair cried out in his mind.


 He loved his home, he was extremely loyal to Lang Ya Sect. Earlier, when Lang Ya Sect was facing trouble with developing in Tai Qiu, Fang Yuan watched on the side, Twelfth Hair had a lot of grudge towards Fang Yuan.


 When he was injured and bedridden, Fang Yuan went to visit him, but he did not even want to meet, he sent a mortal Gu Master to reject Fang Yuan’s entry into the cloud city.


 This victory had incredible meaning for him.


 Being able to obtain victory in front of Fang Yuan, Twelfth Hair felt great pride and joy!


 As time passed, the battle situation was becoming obvious.


 Falling star hound was gradually unable to hold on, the hairy man Gu Immortals felt that their pressure was lifting.


 They unavoidably became excited, some of them could even see victory ahead, their eyes were red from excitement, they were trembling slightly.


 It was not easy!


 With their horrible battle strength, fighting against the falling star hound resulted in repeated setbacks.


 They had put in so much blood and sweat, coming up with a tactic to deal with the falling star hound, they had spent countless sleepless nights practising, they were finally going to succeed today!


 Even though they were tired and their immortal essence was depleted, the hairy man Gu Immortals felt revitalized, they were having an adrenaline rush.


 “Kill, kill this dog!”


 “That’s right, tear its skin and hang it above the cloud cities, let everyone see our victory!”


 “Hahaha, we finally defeated it.”


 “Fang Yuan, are you seeing this? I know you are unwilling, but so what?”


 “Today, we will teach you a lesson, the hairy man Gu Immortals are not powerless. Lang Ya Sect belongs to us hairy men, it is not for a human like you!”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals shouted and screamed in excitement.


 Fang Yuan smiled plainly, as if he did not hear them.


 His attitude made the hairy man Gu Immortals disappointed, some of them even felt disgust and anger.


 “He is just concealing his emotions, what can he do?” A hairy man Gu Immortal sneered.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment!


 An eagle hound suddenly appeared in the center of the battlefield, with one swipe of its claws, the diamond bear fell! With one peck from its beak, chestnut yak went blind! With a flap of its wings, intense winds blew, the golden-white tiger flew back by dozens of steps. The falling star hound curled up into a ball, whimpering in fear.


 “What, where did this ancient desolate beast come from?” The hairy man Gu Immortals were shocked.


 “Not, not just one!” Soon, five eagle hounds appeared from the grass, and three were flying in the sky.


 Out of nowhere, eagle hounds had completely encircled the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 “How, how did this happen?” Twelfth Hair’s pupils shrunk to pin size, he was completely stunned!


 He had just experienced going from heaven to hell.


 A moment ago, he was still a high and mighty victor, at the next moment, his life was on the line, this was a desperate situation!


 “Oh? Heaven’s will, this is your ambush huh... incredible indeed.” Fang Yuan laughed in his mind.


 The eagle hounds did not make a noise, while the hairy man Gu Immortals were shocked beyond words, there was silence.


 “Oh Twelfth Hair, it seems that you have all failed. According to our earlier agreement, it is time for me to act.” Amidst the silence, Fang Yuan’s plain words could be heard.


 For some reason, Twelfth Hair felt his heart jump, intense rage was burning inside him, he screamed at Fang Yuan: “You, are you making a mistake! What are you talking about? Open your damned eyes and see the situation we are in, okay?!”


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled slightly.


 Bam!!


 A strength path giant hand appeared out of nowhere, it slammed the eagle hound closest to Fang Yuan to the ground.


 Dust and smoke rose.


 The eagle hounds’ attention was drawn away, towards Fang Yuan, they were wary of this strong enemy.


 Within the dust cloud, Fang Yuan’s voice could be heard: “Alright, I will accept this present, can everyone please go far away, don’t be a disturbance to me.”



***
Chapter 1136 - Eagle Hounds


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Eagle hounds!


 They had the body of a wolf and head of an eagle, with a pair of eagle wings on their backs. Their head, neck and wings were covered in black feathers, while their canine bodies and four limbs were covered in grey wolf fur. The dao marks on their bodies were mostly of dark path.


 This was a rather special beast.


 Normal desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts and so on reproduced through males and females mating. Eagle hounds, however, were different.


 The reproduction of eagle hound was through infection.


 The poison of an eagle hound could influence any species of dog or eagle. When this influence reached a certain degree, the dog or eagle beast infected with the eagle hound’s poison would gradually transform into an eagle hound.


 As a result, the individual strength of eagle hounds varied greatly.


 Some eagle hounds were transformed from desolate beasts, so they would be desolate beast level. Some transformed from ancient desolate beasts, thus would be ancient eagle hounds. Immemorial eagle hounds were rarely seen, even in white heaven and black heaven.


 Everything was clear.


 The moment the first eagle hound appeared, Fang Yuan had already realized how the falling star hound and these eagle hounds were related.


 This group of eagle hounds had been eyeing this falling star hound. It was thrown down from the sky and confined in Tai Qiu to grow.


 When the falling star hound matured, it would be a true ancient desolate beast. At that time, the eagle hound group would use poison to turn this falling star hound into an ancient eagle hound.


 As for why this falling star hound was roaming near the teleportation Gu formation, the answer was clear — heaven’s will!


 “Two ancient eagle hounds, while the rest are all desolate beast eagle hounds.” Fang Yuan’s gaze coldly focused on the two ancient desolate beasts.


 He did not sense auras of Immortal Gu on the eagle hounds.


 This gave him even greater assurance in this battle!


 Having and not having Immortal Gu would lead to Fang Yuan adopting two completely different battle tactics.


 “The, the eagle hound was killed in one strike...”


 “It has not died, it is only unconscious.”


 “What was that move just now?”


 “It was like a huge hand!”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals reacted only now, and they were extremely shocked.


 Just now, the eagle hound that was beaten unconscious by one giant hand was naturally a desolate beast level. Strength path giant hand had rank seven battle strength, creating such an outcome was not strange. If it were against an ancient eagle hound, however, it would be a different result.


 Twelfth Hair had never seen Fang Yuan fight seriously.


 He had always thought the battle strength Fang Yuan showed when instructing him was Fang Yuan’s true strength.


 Twelfth Hair forcibly calmed down, thinking: “Although Fang Yuan beat one eagle hound unconscious, there are still a lot more remaining! Even if he is powerful, what can just one person do? This battle bodes ill, it is better to retreat! Ahh!”


 Just as he was thinking of this, Twelfth Hair suddenly could not help crying out in shock.


 Fang Yuan’s confrontation with the eagle hound group lasted a very short time. Almost the next instant after beating the eagle hound unconscious, he began his attack.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Whoosh!


 Fang Yuan left behind an afterimage on his original spot.


 Within an instant, Fang Yuan had penetrated from the edge of the battlefield into the center.


 “This, what level of speed is this?!” The hairy man Gu Immortals were shocked.


 Even Sixth Hair’s pupils shrunk, he gritted his teeth. He guessed Fang Yuan used sword escape Immortal Gu, this was Bo Qing’s Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, looking down at the giant beast below.


 This was an ancient eagle hound, when it had just appeared, it had knocked down the diamond bear, sent the golden-white tiger flying and pecked the chestnut yak blind.


 This ancient eagle hound was stepping on the diamond bear, not letting it budge. The infant falling star hound behind it was curled up into a ball, shivering.


 He was close to it!


 The distance between Fang Yuan and this ancient eagle hound was less than a hundred steps.


 Images of each other were clearly reflected in both their eyes.


 Fang Yuan suddenly disappeared and appeared right before the eagle hound’s eyes, giving it a scare and causing it to take a step back subconsciously.


 But soon, its fierce nature was agitated, as it opened its beak wide and screeched furiously. Its wings flapped rapidly and energy transferred from its rear limbs, as it charged ferociously at Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan sneered, shouting: “Beast, lie down.”


 Boom!


 A strength path giant hand appeared and descended from the sky, slamming on the ground like a jar lid.


 The giant hand collided with the ancient eagle hound; the ancient eagle hound was full of ferocity, but was still unable to match the giant hand’s power as it was pushed down.


 The giant hand also was sent back from the collision.


 But soon, under Fang Yuan’s control and replenishment, the giant hand once again pushed down fiercely, as if it was bringing down a storm.


 The giant hand struck the ancient eagle hound’s head, immediately causing it to bow down, its four limbs bent exaggeratedly and its claws that were fiercely supporting its body left four pits on the ground.


 The strength path giant hand was again flung up a distance from the vibration of the clash, thinning during the process.


 But the next moment, the giant hand once again condensed as it slammed down.


 The ancient eagle hound refused to give in and lifted its head, but at the next moment it saw the giant hand covering the entirety of its vision.


 Boom!


 There was a huge sound as the ancient eagle hound’s head was fiercely slammed down to the ground.


 The thick and sharp eagle beak was firmly embedded into the ground.


 Its feathers chaotically flew in the air, while its four limbs also sunk into the ground.


 The ancient eagle hound fell into an extremely furious state, when had it ever received such humiliation. It wanted to strike back, energy flowed through its limbs, its muscles bulged and the next moment, it was about to lift up its head!


 Boom!


 The giant hand was quicker, however, slamming down on its head and back.


 The eagle hound’s skeleton gave fracturing sounds at the extremely heavy burden. Its head was shaking intensely and it was seeing stars, the strength it had accumulated just moments ago completely dissipated.


 But Fang Yuan’s momentum was unforgiving, bang bang bang, another three slams, and this ancient eagle hound was almost completely buried into the ground.


 It was motionless, the surrounding soil was gradually turning red from the blood.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were all struck speechless!


 After Fang Yuan had made a desolate beast eagle hound faint, he charged into the center of the eagle hounds without being afraid of the enemy’s numerical advantage.


 Facing the ancient eagle hound, he sent out ten or so giant hands and struck it to death like slamming bread dough!


 The hairy man Gu Immortals had never seen such a terrifying display, and were extremely frightened.


 In fact, not only the hairy man Gu Immortals, even the other eagle hounds were dazed.


 By the time they reacted, one of their leaders had been wiped out.


 Deathly silence hung in the air, with not even the sound of wind.


 Under everyone’s gazes, Fang Yuan slowly lifted his head and gazed at the sky.


 There were quite a few eagle hounds hovering in the air, among them was the second ancient desolate beast.


 “It’s your turn now.” Fang Yuan’s tone was light, as he charged towards the sky the very next moment!


 The eagle hounds in the sky immediately let out ear-piercing cries, breaking up in an uproar as they retreated in every direction.


 Twelfth Hair and the group still had their mouths wide open as they looked at Fang Yuan charging to the sky, driving the eagle hounds away like they were sparrows or pigeons.


 Were these still eagle hounds?


 A mighty ancient desolate beast, where is your imposing might!


 Twelfth Hair felt like he was in a dream.


 Pursuing good fortune and avoiding disaster, protecting oneself and seeking long life was every living being’s instinct. Wild beasts pushing aside the weak and fearing the strong was also normal.


 With the eagle hounds dispersing, Fang Yuan could do nothing.


 In terms of speed, eagle hounds were outstanding, regardless of whether they were desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze continued to stare at that ancient eagle hound.


 “Will you be able to escape...” As Fang Yuan mumbled, he suddenly sped up!


 The next instance, his figure appeared behind the ancient eagle hound.


 Myriad self first style, giant hand!


 The giant hand slammed down with such a loud sound, the hairy men shivered and the eagle hounds felt their hair standing on end.


 The hairy men saw that ancient eagle hound being slammed down from the air by Fang Yuan like a ball, colliding heavily with the ground.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu combined with giant hand gave an outstanding result.


 Strength path giant hand’s speed was rather slow, if it struck out from afar towards the eagle hound, this eagle hound would probably be able to escape before it reached it.


 But Fang Yuan personally moved, using his speed to make up for this weakness of the giant hand.


 Of course, this battle tactic also had a weakness, it could easily make Fang Yuan fall into a dangerous situation.


 So, Fang Yuan had activated bloodstained conqueror’s robe before he used this tactic.


 There was also another condition, Fang Yuan did not sense any wild Immortal Gu on these two ancient eagle hounds. If there were wild Immortal Gu, without probing out the details, Fang Yuan would not use this battle tactic.


 Giant grass grew all over Tai Qiu, the eagle hound’s fall was greatly mitigated by these strands of grass.


 Even though ancient eagle hounds specialized in speed, they were all of ancient desolate level, and had sturdy bodies. Fang Yuan would not be able to kill it without using ten or so strength path giant hands.


 However, just as Fang Yuan was about to take the chance to chase it, his expression suddenly changed.


 In his eyes flashed a scene of the future —


 While he charged down, suddenly a third ancient eagle hound appeared and ambushed him.


 Fang Yuan was caught unprepared and was clawed fiercely by the wolf claws, smashing to the ground. Blood flowed out of his seven orifices and all his bones were fractured, his bloodstained conqueror’s robe was broken and even blood asset Immortal Gu was injured, unable to be used again.


 The image flashed in an instant, however Fang Yuan fully trusted it.


 Because this was the result of his pre-activated immortal killer move — Three Breaths Future Vision!


 It was a time path investigative killer move from Hei Fan true inheritance, ‘three breaths future vision’ used after Immortal Gu as the core and could allow the Gu Immortal to see their future situation. And this future situation would manifest within three breaths of time.


 Fang Yuan did not lose his head, instead his eyes shined with satisfaction.


 “Sure enough, heaven’s will’s arrangement wouldn’t be so simple, there was actually an ambush!”


 “My bloodstained conqueror’s robe is an immortal level defensive move, but its core Immortal Gu is only the rank six Blood Asset. It is still slightly weak when facing an ancient desolate beast.”


 Since he knew about the ambush, the ambush naturally would be useless.


 Sword marks targeting death!


 Fang Yuan suddenly shot out sharp sword light towards a certain location in the air.


 Right as the hairy man Gu Immortals were feeling puzzled, sword marks targeting death struck that hidden ancient eagle hound.


 Ding!


 There was a sharp and clear sound, the ancient eagle hound was intercepted by sword marks targeting death.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals shouted in shock.


 “There was actually a third ancient eagle hound hiding in ambush!”


 “Unimaginable, if it had sneak attacked any of us hairy man Gu Immortals, it would probably have gotten its way.”


 “Fang Yuan could actually sense it?”


 Fang Yuan slightly raised his eyebrows, staring at the third ancient eagle hound which had suffered no damage.


 “Being able to block sword marks targeting death, this ancient eagle hound seems to have wild Immortal Gu on it?”



***
Chapter 1137 - Transformation Path Gu Immortal


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The third ancient eagle hound had Immortal Gu.


 If not for this, how could it block Fang Yuan’s immortal killer move, sword marks targeting death?


 Fang Yuan’s heart burned with eagerness.


 Times had changed.


 If it were before he inherited Hei Fan’s true inheritance, Fang Yuan would have avoided this eagle group, but now, with his strength having increased sharply, his mindset had changed.


 He intended to take down all these eagle hounds!


 “My sovereign immortal aperture is very big!” Fang Yuan’s lips curled up.


 “As for the wild Immortal Gu on the ancient eagle hound, I will take it as well. Being able to block sword marks targeting death, let me see what kind of exemplary defensive Immortal Gu it is.”


 In an instant, thoughts surged in Fang Yuan’s mind, he determined his battle tactics.


 Blood path killer moves like blood torrent and so on were not suitable to be used in front of the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 These hairy man Gu Immortals could connect to treasure yellow heaven and knew the terror of blood path. They were not like that group of ignorant Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Although he could use Hei Fan true inheritance’s immortal killer moves, he had to be prudent. After all, he still had not practised them to proficiency, rashly using them could likely result in failure and cause backlash.


 Therefore —


 Fang Yuan clapped, choosing his personal creation, which was also the offensive method he was most skilled in.


 Convergence of enslavement and strength path — Myriad Self!


 At the next instant, large amounts of strength path phantoms filled the sky.


 “Ahh!” The hairy man Gu Immortals were all struck speechless.


 Sixth Hair also had a stupefied look, but inwardly was not surprised.


 He already knew about myriad self, this was old news.


 But soon, Sixth Hair’s pupils shrunk as he blurted out: “He va... vanished?!”


 In his perception, Fang Yuan had suddenly vanished, and only the dense group of strength path phantoms remained in the sky.


 Fang Yuan had used familiar face to disguise himself as an ordinary strength path phantom, mixing in within the myriad self army.


 Charge!


 The myriad self army cried out together and like a torrent falling from the sky, charged towards the third eagle hound.


 The eagle hound’s eyes flashed with sharp light, suddenly the wings on its back flapped, bringing forth a layer of dark wing shadows.


 Its speed increased sharply, and it actually retreated!


 This response was somewhat out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Clearly, this eagle hound had a second wild Immortal Gu. That layer of wing shadows was the effect of that Immortal Gu.


 “It actually has another wild Immortal Gu!” The desire in Fang Yuan intensified.


 He commanded the myriad self army to continue charging towards the ancient eagle hound.


 Along the way, the strength path phantoms suddenly dispersed, like a blooming flower, or a giant beast’s maw, as they pounced at the ancient eagle hound.


 The ancient eagle hound gave a sharp cry, as it suddenly rose up.


 It was actually retreating again.


 Fang Yuan had already calculated its retreat routes, the myriad self army, which had charged ahead like a flood dragon with its mouth open, swung its tail. The strength path phantoms at the rear pounced at the ancient eagle hound.


 The ancient eagle hound that was retreating backwards suddenly leaned towards the right, its wings flapped and its whole body drew an inclining arc through the sky, perfectly dodging the myriad self army’s offensive route.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were in an agitated state watching all these moves.


 Compared to the eagle hound, they naturally wanted Fang Yuan to win.


 But this third ancient eagle hound seemed to be extremely cunning, Fang Yuan had encircled it several times but was still unable to succeed.


 “The ancient eagle hound’s speed is much faster than these ‘Fang Yuans’. How could they catch up to it?” Twelfth Hair attentively observed, feeling dejected as Fang Yuan continued to make no progress.


 Sixth Hair however had a bright gaze, thinking: ‘Fang Yuan’s enslavement path attainment seems to have increased slightly. It is going to end soon! This ancient eagle hound might be fast, but it is concerned about the other eagle hounds, and has only been flying around the battlefield, it will soon be captured by Fang Yuan.’


 A battlefield formed in the sky.


 Almost all the eagle hounds flew up and were battling with the myriad self army.


 Fang Yuan’s focus was completely on the third ancient eagle hound.


 “There is something odd about this ancient eagle hound!”


 Fang Yuan had discovered that the other eagle hounds could be easily dealt with. As long as he used a few strength path phantoms, the eagle hounds could be pinned down. Only this third ancient eagle hound was rather crafty and could see through the tactics of the myriad self army, it was able to retreat and advance at will.


 Finally, Fang Yuan was able to succeed, several groups of the myriad self army besieged the third eagle hound from the front, back, above and below.


 “He actually surrounded it!” Twelfth Hair and the group cried out in joy.


 The ancient eagle hound let out a sharp screech, as it flapped its wings wildly and clawed everywhere, destroying many of the strength path phantoms.


 Within just a few moments of being encircled, the ancient eagle hound seemed to be about to break through the siege.


 But this did not matter.


 Because Fang Yuan’s true body, hidden among the strength path phantoms, had already approached the ancient eagle hound.


 When he was close enough, he decisively used his sword path killer move — Dark Assassination!


 This killer move’s specialty was that no Immortal Gu aura would leak out when it was activated, it was extremely stealthy.


 The ancient eagle hound let out a miserable shriek as it was struck by Fang Yuan.


 A bloody hole appeared on its neck, blood spurted out like a fountain.


 But in the blink of an eye, the blood lessened, and the bloody hole disappeared, the injury had healed and feathers grew once again on the surface.


 At the same moment, the ancient eagle hound turned berserk, its whole body was covered by a layer of dark shadows, its speed increased by multiple times as it attacked wildly, bringing forth afterimages of its wings and claws.


 Crash crash crash!


 Countless strength path phantoms were destroyed directly by the ancient eagle hound without putting up resistance.


 Even Fang Yuan’s true body was discovered and was sent flying.


 But with bloodstained conqueror’s robe, there was not much injury.


 “How, how could this be?”


 “There are disorderly auras of so many Gu worms appearing on this ancient eagle hound!”


 Twelfth Hair and the rest blurted out in shock.


 Sixth Hair’s eyes also widened at this, as he incredulously said: “Impossible! It can actually use an immortal killer move?”


 Such a strong result and the complex aura of Gu worms indicated this ancient eagle hound had actually used an immortal killer move just now.


 This no doubt went against the common knowledge of the immortal world.


 A wild beast actually had enough intelligence to activate immortal killer move?!


 Wind whistled past Fang Yuan’s ears, he was sent flying. Although he had avoided the frontal attack, it had still brushed past him and was enough to send him flying away.


 He gazed at the ancient eagle hound, his eyes brightly flashing: “So it was like this, no wonder I had felt it was so peculiar! This ancient eagle hound was originally a Gu Immortal!”


 It was impossible for wild beasts to be so smart to the extent of using immortal killer moves!


 Sixth Hair did not realize this because he did not cultivate transformation path.


 Fang Yuan had plenty of understanding regarding transformation path, immediately thinking of this most likely possibility.


 A transformation path Gu Immortal who cultivated an eagle hound transformation, but because of transforming too many times or being in transformation state for too long, they were unable to turn back, losing their wisdom and memories, turning into a special ancient eagle hound.


 Like when refining Gu, the Gu Immortals cultivating transformation path would have to face the risks when transforming into other forms!


 In history, such cases were not rare.


 The following battle proved Fang Yuan’s guess.


 This ancient eagle hound still had some battle instincts of the transformation path Gu Immortal. As a result, its performance was much more cunning than normal ancient eagle hounds, and it understood when to advance and retreat.


 But in the end, it was not a Gu Immortal, it did not have human wisdom, it could not grasp opportunities in the battle and could not carry out any battle tactics.


 When in battle, it mainly used Immortal Gu. When it was the juncture of life and death, its instincts would be stimulated and it subconsciously used its most familiar immortal killer move from the past.


 Just before, Fang Yuan had used dark assassination to pierce through its head, but in the moment of crisis, it had dodged and the attack struck its neck.


 Then, the wild shadows it erupted with that sent Fang Yuan’s true body flying were from it using an immortal killer move.


 The fight instantly fell into a stalemate.


 If it were ordinary eagle hounds, Fang Yuan would have captured all of them by now. But it was a different situation with this ancient eagle hound, it was much more troublesome than ordinary ancient eagle hounds.


 Whenever Fang Yuan sneak attacked, the ancient eagle hound was always able to avoid the fatal points. Perhaps it was because this transformation path Gu Immortal had experienced many battles, or maybe it was because of the support of an unique Immortal Gu, a more likely possibility was the help of heaven’s will.


 In short, Fang Yuan’s intention to finish the battle quickly had been thwarted.


 The sky was chaotic, loud sounds reverberated unceasingly as the strength path phantoms were destroyed at every moment.


 But with Fang Yuan’s replenishment, the myriad self army was unending.


 Their quality might not be up to par, but their quantity held the absolute upper hand!


 From time to time, eagle hounds covered by strength path phantoms would fall down from the sky and smash into the ground.


 “Upper hand! Fang Yuan... Elder Fang Yuan has the upper hand facing all these eagle hounds.”


 “An individual’s strength can actually reach such a level!”


 “Elder Fang Yuan is actually so powerful.”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals had already retreated to the edge of the battlefield, and as they looked at the battle, they had, without noticing, started to address Fang Yuan as an elder.


 Twelfth Hair’s expression was filled with shock as well as bitterness.


 He felt it even deeper than others.


 Fang Yuan’s enslavement path attainment of easily commanding the myriad self army, made him have a feeling of how shallow and minute he was!


 Although the ancient eagle hound was somewhat troublesome, from the beginning, Fang Yuan occupied the dominant position and the eagle hounds could not do anything to him.


 “Since it is like this, then I should change my battle tactics.” Fang Yuan’s true body put off attacking, and suddenly retreated to the side.


 He began to gather his concentration to activate another immortal killer move.


 By now, he had already been constantly maintaining bloodstained conqueror’s robe, familiar face and three breaths future vision. He was floating in the air and also activating Gu worms, and occasionally replenishing the myriad self army. All these used up his focus.


 And this immortal killer move was rather complicated and he had yet to practice it to proficiency, thus he had to give up on attacking and move to a safer environment, to gather almost all his concentration and activate this move.


 Rank seven year Gu was first activated, followed by the supplementary mortal Gu one after the other.


 Immortal killer move — Year Beast Summoning.


 “Come out, my ancient year beast!”


 Splash splash splash.


 In mid-air, a phantom image of the River of Time manifested.


 Waves were surging endlessly in the river, and from these waves, an enormous bestial figure jumped out!


 Cluck cluck.


 The year beast unfurled its wings and descended to the battlefield!



***
Chapter 1138 - End of Battle


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This, what is this?”


 “Such a large chicken!”


 Seeing an ancient year beast suddenly entering the battlefield, the hairy man Gu Immortals were shocked.


 “According to the contents of Hei Fan’s true inheritance, there are twelve different forms of year beasts. This time, I was pretty lucky to be able to summon a chicken year beast.” Fang Yuan sized up this year beast, while appraising it inwardly.


 This year beast was as large as a hill.


 When it unfurled its wings, it cast a huge shadow on the ground.


 It was valiant and spirited, with awe-inspiring might. Its feathers were bright and colorful while its claws were sharp as blades.


 It quickly swept its gaze around the battlefield, before fixing on Fang Yuan.


 No one else had more appeal to it than Fang Yuan, because it smelled the scent of year Gu from Fang Yuan.


 Year Gu!


 This was the food of year beasts. The higher the rank of the year Gu, the more enticing it was to year beasts.


 The immortal killer move, year beast summoning, was formed from this principle. Its creator, Hei Fan, had invented this killer move long before refining Years Flow Like Water.


 “This is for you.” Fang Yuan chuckled, as he waved his hand, sending out large amounts of mortal year Gu.


 The chicken year beast was joyous, as it raised its head and inhaled.


 Immediately, an enormous air current was created and like a dragon swallowing water, the chicken year beast inhaled all the mortal year Gu.


 “Kill it and I will give you a lot more.” Fang Yuan pointed at that crucial ancient eagle hound.


 The chicken year beast’s gaze sharpened, as it quickly turned its head towards the target.


 The ancient eagle hound felt goosebumps all over its body, revealing its sharp claws as it felt a strong threat from the chicken year beast.


 The ancient eagle hound formed a clear contrast with the chicken year beast, even if it stood up like a human, it would not reach half the height of the chicken year beast.


 Cluck cluck!


 The chicken year beast flapped its wings, charging towards its target. The speed it erupted with was actually faster than the ancient eagle hound.


 Bam.


 The two collided fiercely, the chicken year beast was sent back seventy to eighty steps, while the ancient eagle hound was directly sent flying.


 The chicken year beast let out a sharp cry, as it chased after the ancient eagle hound.


 The ancient eagle hound was indeed crafty, after suffering a loss, it no longer confronted the chicken year beast head-on, instead it moved left and right, dodging the chicken year beast.


 Fang Yuan looked on for a while before he relaxed.


 This chicken year beast had no Immortal Gu, but its physical constitution was much stronger than the ancient eagle hound.


 Year beasts, even in the River of Time, were very rare beasts!


 Of course, if the ancient eagle hound activated Immortal Gu, the chicken year beast would fall into a disadvantage. Once or twice would not matter, but if it continued on, the chicken year beast would also be defeated.


 The side which had Immortal Gu would naturally obtain a huge boost in their battle strength.


 “Hei Fan warned in the true inheritance that the summoned year beast is not a slave and the summoner does not have very much control over it. If the enemy is too powerful, it won’t battle at all. Even if it battles, it might retreat after a short period of time and demand even more year Gu from the summoning Gu Immortal.”


 As he thought of this, Fang Yuan knew he did not have much time left.


 He did not choose to pincer attack the ancient eagle hound with the chicken year beast.


 Because the chicken year beast was not under his control and he was only able to barely communicate with it using the method left behind by Hei Fan, reaching a collaboration.


 Fang Yuan’s true body, which was hidden amidst the myriad self army, quietly approached a desolate beast eagle hound.


 The eagle hounds were still fighting with the myriad self army in the air.


 Occasionally, some eagle hounds would be beaten down by Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms, but shortly afterwards, these eagle hounds would fly to the air again, continuing to fight.


 Although there were many strength path phantoms, their offensive prowess was clearly weak when facing against desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. They were only able to disrupt and expend the eagle hounds’ energy.


 Strength path giant hand!


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan attacked, a strength path giant hand appeared out of nowhere, slamming down towards an eagle hound.


 Fang Yuan’s position was extremely good, the eagle hound was caught unprepared and was struck by the hand, immediately letting out a miserable cry before it fainted.


 The eagle hound began to fall down, but Fang Yuan activated another giant hand and was waiting below.


 The second giant hand grabbed this unconscious eagle hound, and carefully placed it on the ground.


 Fang Yuan’s true body disappeared amongst the myriad self army once again.


 But soon, he appeared in another area of the battlefield, strength path giant hand attacked quickly and sent another eagle hound fainting.


 He then did the same as before, placing this eagle hound on the ground, beside the first eagle hound.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were all struck speechless!


 “Elder Fang Yuan seems to be...”


 “Right, he intends to capture these eagle hounds alive!”


 “A skilled person is truly courageous.”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals sighed. These eagle hounds, which were deadly opponents to them, seemed to be no more than wealth from Fang Yuan’s perspective.


 One after the other, eagle hounds were plotted against by Fang Yuan, struck unconscious, and piled up together.


 Soon, these unconscious eagle hounds piled up to form a hill, making for quite a grand sight.


 The ancient eagle hound saw this scene and gave a furious cry. But it was pinned down by the chicken year beast and was unable to go rescue its brethren.


 The chicken year beast was also slightly in a slightly miserable state, its whole body was filled with injuries and it seemed to be having the intent to retreat.


 After all, Hei Fan was a time path Gu Immortal, being able to create an immortal killer move that imitated enslavement path was already extremely amazing.


 “It seems that year beast summoning is ideal for use in a favorable battle. If used to fight in a disadvantageous situation during a life or death battle, the result won’t be outstanding.” Fang Yuan engraved this information in his mind. Only when one used immortal killer moves in practice would they obtain deeper experience.


 Fang Yuan firmly held the initiative in the battle.


 He paid attention to the battle between the chicken year beast and the ancient eagle hound all along.


 Before the chicken year beast retreated, Fang Yuan dealt with the remaining eagle hounds.


 The unconscious eagle hounds numbered to eight, while the rest were struck to death. After all, giant hand was not a capturing method, it was not easy for Fang Yuan to use it to imitate this effect.


 “Die!”


 Fang Yuan flew to the sky and flanked the ancient eagle hound with the chicken year beast.


 After fighting for several rounds, the result was indeed not good.


 Fang Yuan called out to the chicken year beast to retreat and guard those unconscious eagle hounds.


 The chicken year beast already had low battle intent, and after receiving Fang Yuan’s instruction, it did not immediately move, but instead quietly retreated a distance before opening its beak as it gazed at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan understood its intention, and threw out a large batch of year Gu.


 The chicken year beast had its fill, only then did it turn around and move towards the ground, to guard the unconscious eagle hounds.


 Fang Yuan and the ancient eagle hound battled once again.


 But this time, the situation was different from before.


 The ancient eagle hound was anxious to save those unconscious comrades, as it charged in all directions.


 “What a pity. A grand Gu Immortal falling down to such a level! Thinking it is an actual eagle hound.” Fang Yuan was lot more relaxed now than before.


 The ancient eagle hound flew fast and with Immortal Gu on it, at the crucial times, it could arouse its survival instincts and activate the previous immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan changed his battle tactic.


 His previous tactic of charging in and using giant hand was too risky. Bloodstained conqueror’s robe’s defense was nothing prominent in front of this ancient eagle hound.


 Fang Yuan started using sword path killer moves to attack the ancient eagle hound from afar.


 But the ancient eagle hound’s defensive method was outstanding, Fang Yuan did not know which Immortal Gu it was specifically. He estimated this transformation path Gu Immortal, when alive, felt the defense of an eagle hound was rather low, thus intentionally strengthening this aspect.


 Fang Yuan fought for a long time but still had no upper hand, the ancient eagle hound also could not rescue its comrades, while the chicken year beast sat in position to fight a defensive battle.


 The injuries on the ancient eagle hound slowly accumulated.


 “This is truly troublesome. Giant hand’s speed is slow, it cannot hit. Sword path killer moves can hit, but the effect is not that good. Using poison spit is simply wasting immortal essence. Ancient eagle hounds are extremely resistant to poison!”


 Fang Yuan was without other options.


 Similarly, after this transformation path Gu Immortal completely transformed into the ancient eagle hound, they obtained the intuition of wild beasts, and with the remaining battle instincts, this ancient eagle hound became much more difficult to handle.


 Facing it, Fang Yuan found himself at a loss as to what to do.


 A transformation path Gu Immortal’s advantage was that after the transformation succeeds, their body’s constitution would be extremely high. Like this ancient eagle hound, just its flying speed could match Sword Escape in short range. Let alone when it activates its Immortal Gu.


 At the moment, Fang Yuan could only choose to fight a battle of attrition.


 When this ancient eagle hound uses up all its immortal essence, and is no longer able to activate its Immortal Gu, that would be his victory.


 Or when its injuries accumulate to a certain degree and it exposes a flaw which Fang Yuan could use!


 Fang Yuan felt helpless, but the spectators did not have this feeling.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals were staring blankly.


 Strength!


 In the competitive, cruel world of Gu Immortals, the most important thing was the Gu Immortal’s strength.


 The strength Fang Yuan displayed shocked all the hairy men.


 Even Sixth Hair was not an exception.


 “This guy, how could he increase his battle strength so much in such a short time?! He can actually summon a year beast, how did he get a hold of this method? He clearly only went out for a short period of time...”


 Sixth Hair felt heaviness in his mind.


 Fang Yuan’s growth speed caused him to feel stifled and breathless.


 After some more time fighting, the ancient eagle hound suddenly rose up.


 “Eh? You want to escape!” Fang Yuan thought before quickly giving chase.


 The ancient eagle hound’s injuries had accumulated to a certain state, whether it be its offensive prowess or flying speed, both had clearly fallen.


 No matter how talented in battle the Gu Immortal was when they were alive, the wild beast’s instinct of evading danger still made it choose to retreat.


 As for those unconscious ‘comrades’, they could only be abandoned.


 Fang Yuan inwardly cursed at this, he had already anticipated this situation, it was just that it happened earlier than his expectation.


 Fang Yuan activated sword escape Immortal Gu to give chase, but the distance between them was shrinking very slowly.


 The ancient eagle hound was escaping for its life with an astonishing speed.


 Immortal killer move — Luck Whirlwind!


 Fang Yuan was without other options and could only activate this killer move.


 Success!


 The ancient eagle hound directly returned to the previous position, Fang Yuan caught up to it and both sides engaged in fierce battle again.


 After a few rounds of fighting, the ancient eagle hound escaped again.


 Fang Yuan could only give chase.


 Luck whirlwind!


 Success.


 Both sides battled again, while the hairy man Gu Immortals watched on from afar.


 But soon, the ancient eagle hound gave up on Fang Yuan, it crazily flapped its wings as it retreated for a third time, its attitude more firm than before.


 Fang Yuan was helpless, he was unable to break the eagle’s wings.


 Luck whirlwind!


 Unfortunately, he failed this time and immediately spurted out some blood.


 It took him a few breaths to stabilize himself, the ancient eagle hound had already flown to the horizon by this time.


 Fang Yuan had no choice but to stop.


 Heaven’s will was paying attention all along, Tai Qiu was perilous, and there were already vague signs of a beast tide forming.



***
Chapter 1139 - Deadly Situation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “There was not much time to practice luck whirlwind properly.” Fang Yuan thought as he sighed.


 If luck whirlwind was activated on its own, the success rate of its activation was eighty to ninety percent.


 But when put in real battle, it was a different situation.


 For instance, Fang Yuan had to maintain bloodstained conqueror’s robe, familiar face, three breaths future vision, and other immortal killer moves, these killer moves involved large numbers of Gu worms and needed enormous mental energy.


 In this situation, activating ‘luck whirlwind’ which he was not proficient in, and being able to activate it twice successfully already showed Fang Yuan’s luck was quite good.


 Immortal killer moves had outstanding effects, but their expenditure of mental energy was very high. Let alone in life and death battle, where one had to maintain their attention on the enemy, consider battle tactics as well as making appropriate responses in time.


 As a result, it was not the case that the more immortal killer moves activated in battle, the better.


 If the mind was burdened over the limit, one might not be able to give a correct response to an enemy’s sudden attack or might not even be able to react in time, leading to their defeat and death. That would truly be laughable.


 In fact, there were countless such laughable ends in the history of Gu Immortals.


 Examples of extremely powerful killer moves failing in activation and causing the Gu Immortal to die were not few.


 “To resolve this issue, I can only raise my battle strength even further!”


 “Besides adding in more practice and modifying the immortal killer moves to make them simpler, wisdom path can be used to solve it.”


 Immortal killer moves were created from the combination of countless Gu worms.


 Activating each Gu worm expended at least one thought of the Gu Immortal. Successfully activating one immortal killer move would expend thousands or even tens of thousands of the Gu Immortal’s thoughts!


 Wisdom path was a path that was specialised in solving this issue.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were often able to use a greater number of and more complex immortal killer moves than Gu Immortals of other paths.


 “Among the wisdom path inheritances I have obtained, the most important one is still Dong Fang Chang Fan’s Wisdom Star true inheritance. It is specialized in deducing and is not specialized in controlling Gu worms and activating killer moves. But I am now a wisdom path grandmaster, I can fully use this foundation to develop on this aspect and make a breakthrough.”


 After Fang Yuan sent the ancient eagle hound escaping away, he examined his own shortcomings while returning, and decided he had to progress on wisdom path next.


 Descending on the ground, Fang Yuan patted his stomach and opened the entrance to his immortal aperture.


 The entrance opened, revealing a part of the landscape in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Sixth Hair stared fixedly, but how could he be able to see properly from outside the entrance?


 He only saw a desolate icy plain.


 That was Mini Northern Plains of Sovereign blessed land.


 Sixth Hair let out a sigh of relief at this.


 ‘It seems he focused on raising his battle strength, while the management of the immortal aperture has fallen. It’s no wonder, after all this sovereign immortal aperture faces calamity once every two months.’


 Sixth Hair simply did not know Fang Yuan had completely plundered Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he thought Fang Yuan was still a pauper, little did he know that the other areas of Sovereign blessed land were beautiful mountains and rivers, lush forests, and shocking amounts of rich resources.


 “Regardless, this is genuine rank seven battle strength.’ Sixth Hair’s eyes twitched as he gazed at the chicken year beast: ‘Fang Yuan might only be rank six, but he already holds rank seven strength. Adding on to another rank seven battle strength... this, I definitely need to report this matter to Lord Ying Wu Xie!”


 The chicken year beast clucked in happiness.


 Fang Yuan fed it large numbers of year Gu, making it extremely satisfied.


 Finally, it flapped its wings and jumped into the River of Time, slowly disappearing from sight.


 Taking in the eagle hounds one after the other into his immortal aperture, along with the falling star hound, and after sending away the chicken year beast, Fang Yuan turned around and faced the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 “This mission should be considered done by me, right?” Fang Yuan lightly smiled, using an inquiring tone to ask these hairy men.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals nodded, their expressions were more or less filled with reluctance, helplessness and embarrassment.


 This was the fact.


 Without Fang Yuan making a move, their lives would have been in danger.


 Twelfth Hair opened his mouth as if to say something, but even after moving his mouth multiple times, he did not manage to say a word.


 He thought of his meager performance and how he had an exaggerated opinion of his own abilities, he could not help feeling ashamed.


 Sixth Hair was observing the others’ expressions, and spoke with a sinister smile: “Elder Fang Yuan, you are truly amazing, you were able to defeat the eagle hound group by yourself! If we had not seen it personally, none of us would have believed it. If you had made a move earlier, the falling star hound or whatever would have been nothing difficult, right?”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals heard this and their expressions changed slightly, feeling even more complicated.


 “I have my own problems, I don’t want to explain to you. First supreme elder knows about them.” Fang Yuan chuckled, he then gazed at everyone before looking at Twelfth Hair: “Alright. This matter is over now, let us return.”


 With the teleportation Gu formation, everyone returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 After hearing everyone’s report, Lang Ya land spirit’s attitude softened by a lot.


 He was not very shocked at Fang Yuan’s battle strength.


 Because he knew Fang Yuan had once possessed Spring Autumn Cicada and had reborn. A rank six possessing rank seven battle strength was rare, but for Fang Yuan, it was not hard to understand.


 Having eased his relationship with Lang Ya land spirit, and obtaining the thousand contribution points from completing the falling star hound mission, Fang Yuan was able to smoothly borrow Gu worms to use immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


 Over the following days, Fang Yuan cultivated in peace.


 He mainly cultivated his soul using Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley, secretly trained the new killer moves like luck whirlwind, and in his free time, he looked after the newly obtained infant falling star hound and the group of eagle hounds.


 Regarding these desolate beasts and the ancient eagle hound, they only needed to slightly adapt to the new environment and could live in peace.


 Regardless of where they lived, they were still living, right?


 This was the behavior of those without intelligence.


 As for the countless resources moved over from Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan placed most of them in Mini Southern Border.


 Because Mini Southern Border’s environment was rather similar to Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s.


 Despite this, because the dao marks of Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture could not compare to Hei Fan grotto-heaven, many resources had reduced production and some were even on the verge of dying.


 As a result, Fang Yuan still had a concern, which was to quickly sell these resources that he could not grow.


 Besides transacting with Lang Ya land spirit, the focus was on treasure yellow heaven.


 In a short period of time, Fang Yuan accumulated a large number of immortal essence stones. After using a portion of the resources, the slightly insufficient immortal essence reserve was no longer a worry, and now it had become Fang Yuan’s strong point.


 “So much green grape immortal essence! I don’t have to worry even if I activate triple layered sword wave a hundred times.”


 Fang Yuan had never possessed so much green grape immortal essence.


 This made him even more confident for his fourth earthly calamity.


 Time passed, finally it was time for Fang Yuan to pass another earthly calamity again.


 He left Lang Ya blessed land and came to the northern icy plain.


 After choosing an area, he placed down his immortal aperture and opened its entrance, absorbing heaven and earth qi.


 This time, the duration of the absorption of heaven and earth qi was tens of times as long as before!


 The reason was that the resources inside Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had increased by hundreds of times, expending large amounts of heaven and earth qi of the immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan then arranged immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


 Everything was handled with ease.


 After finishing the preparations, Fang Yuan closed the blessed land’s entrance, and welcomed the fourth earthly calamity.


 It was still at Mini Northern Plains.


 Fang Yuan encountered endless flying frost.


 “This is... profound white flying salt calamity?”


 Fang Yuan was stunned, before recognizing it.


 He was slightly surprised.


 This calamity was not strong, instead it was the type which could be passed rather easily.


 Yellowish clouds started forming in the sky.


 Large amounts of frost salt slowly fell down from the sky. The whole process was silent, the salt was like snow and there was not any wind.


 The endless salt fell down on the ground, and melted the ice and snow on the ground.


 Some cold-resistant wild grasses and flowers that had grown on the snow were submerged by the salt, and were wilting rapidly before completely dying.


 “It is trying to destroy Mini Northern Plains’ ecology?” Fang Yuan was slightly perplexed. For the moment, he did not move and only looked on from the side.


 Although there were some losses, most of his resources were currently gathered in Mini Southern Border.


 Mini Northern Plains was the area Fang Yuan had been using to pass tribulations, Fang Yuan could completely bear these losses before, let alone now when he had harvested Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s accumulation, and had become extremely wealthy.


 After a while, snowmen started to appear from the endless salt and frost.


 This was the influence of Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 So long as Fang Yuan killed these snowmen, he could obtain Reckless Savage’s true meaning, rapidly raising his transformation path and strength path attainment levels.


 This time was not like the previous time where he shared with Chu Du, Fang Yuan was going to enjoy it all by himself.


 Fang Yuan quickly made a move.


 These snowmen had just appeared when they were melted by the flying salt. The intention of heaven’s will manifested at this moment, it wanted to reduce Fang Yuan’s benefits from the earthly calamity, as much as possible.


 Fang Yuan and heaven’s will raced to strike at the snowmen.


 Myriad self was activated, eliminating these snowmen. Naturally, there were also other methods used.


 These had to be done by Fang Yuan himself.


 Other existences, whether they be Gu Immortal or desolate beasts, whoever killed the snowmen would be the one to obtain Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 Waves of Reckless Savage’s true meaning entered Fang Yuan’s mind, quickly raising his attainment level.


 As for the profound white flying salt, they were inexorable and not something Fang Yuan could directly get rid of.


 This fourth earthly calamity continued for a long time. Even when the duration of the previous three earthly calamities were added, they would not even be one-tenth of this earthly calamity.


 Three days later, profound white flying salt’s scale began to slightly decrease.


 “Is this a battle of attrition?” Fang Yuan frowned, somewhat puzzled.


 Several days went by again, the profound white flying salt calamity finally stopped.


 Fang Yuan gazed at the frost salt that had covered the land, the doubt in his mind intensifying.


 According to his previous deduction, the fourth earthly calamity should have been even more strong and even more difficult to handle. But the reality was, the profound white flying salt calamity had been mild from start to finish, it descended gradually; Fang Yuan did not feel any pressure at all.


 He was even able to destroy almost all of the snowmen, not wasting much of Reckless Savage’s true meaning. His gains were plentiful.


 It was as if heaven’s will was letting him go.


 “Previously, I used some time path killer moves in Tai Qiu, it was also to test heaven’s will’s deduction ability and to see how it deals with me afterwards. The result was the profound white flying salt calamity.”


 “No matter what, the fourth earthly calamity is now over.”


 “I can let the land of salt remain, after cleansing it with self will, I can treat it as a special environment.”


 This earthly calamity was unimaginably easy. Fang Yuan did not suffer even a small injury.


 Fang Yuan retrieved his immortal aperture and was about to return to Lang Ya blessed land.


 But right at this moment!


 The surroundings suddenly changed, Fang Yuan entered a battlefield killer move.


 Nine Gu Immortals appeared around him, along with an enormous dragon shaped beast whose aura was majestic and boundless, staring at Fang Yuan with hostility.


 Immemorial desolate beast!


 Fang Yuan’s heart immediately sank to rock bottom, he immediately comprehended: “Human calamity! So heaven’s will was intentionally extending the duration of my tribulation to set up this deadly situation for me!”


 In an instant, Fang Yuan had fallen deep into a predicament.



***
Chapter 1140 - The Sliver of Hope to Survive


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The surrounding area was frost white in color.


 Countless grey clouds, the size of carriages, hovered around Fang Yuan.


 Although Fang Yuan did not feel any wind, these clouds coiled around him swiftly, like hunting sharks or a pack of starving wolves.


 “This is a battlefield immortal killer move! And one which I have not seen before. It seems to be mostly formed of cloud path...”


 Fang Yuan was fully vigilant, and after the brief shock, his mind worked rapidly, analyzing the situation.


 “Forget about the battlefield immortal killer move, the main point is there are actually nine Gu Immortals and a dragon immemorial desolate beast!” Fang Yuan observed the nine figures.


 These mysterious Gu Immortals were covered in a layer of grey clouds, covering their true appearances, only revealing their eyes.


 As for the Gu Immortals’ auras, the clouds could not hide them, they were leaked.


 That dragon beast was also covered in a thick layer of grey cloud as it hovered, facing Fang Yuan. It was completely releasing its majestically shocking aura! In Fang Yuan’s perception, the dragon was like a lofty mountain, while he himself was like an ant at the base of the mountain.


 Fang Yuan was shocked.


 This group was too powerful! He could not even think of being their match.


 “Strange! How could there be so many people lying in ambush?” Besides shock, Fang Yuan also felt an enormous doubt.


 The northern icy plain rarely had humans, as there were almost no resources in it.


 This was a desolate land created by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, the only wealth to be found was Reckless Savage’s true meaning which Chu Du desired very much.


 As a result, Gu Immortals rarely came here.


 Moreover, before each earthly calamity, Fang Yuan would gather intel about any movements regarding Northern Plains’ righteous forces, through treasure yellow heaven, Lang Ya Sect and even Chu Du.


 There was no commotion from Northern Plains’ super forces.


 Because of Hei tribe’s extermination, everyone was absorbing their gains, and adapting to the completely new power structure of forces.


 Almost all of these righteous forces had territories in Northern Plains which were guarded by Gu Immortals. In fact, it was difficult for Huang Jin tribes to mobilize three or four Gu Immortals at once, unless something big happened.


 While demonic path and lone immortals might be free, they usually moved alone, how could they suddenly gather into one group?


 “Moreover, I have been holed up inside Lang Ya blessed land for almost all the time, avoiding wisdom path Gu Immortals’ deductions. I am also protected by Dark Limit and other methods. It is almost impossible for my traces to be deduced so clearly! Where did these Gu Immortals come from? Could they be from Central Continent?”


 Previously, to investigate the truth of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects had allied and built a team of Gu Immortals to send to Northern Plains.


 Currently, Heavenly Court was trying every means possible to deal with Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan, it would not be strange if they sent out another group.


 However!


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, especially from the ten great ancient sects or Heavenly Court, did things openly and in a grand style. How could they act so evasively like now?


 These Gu Immortals’ appearances were hidden, even the immemorial desolate beast was the same, and only their vague figures could be seen.


 “Maybe this is only an illusion created by the battlefield killer move?” Fang Yuan quickly speculated.


 From the time he put away his immortal aperture and prepared to return, to being ambushed, falling into the trap and his current analysis of countermeasures, only a short few moments had passed.


 The mental capability of the body from the sovereign immortal fetus was excellent by itself, and with wisdom path methods to support him, Fang Yuan had already reacted!


 If it truly was such a terrifying formation, Fang Yuan did not have any hope.


 But!


 He felt the probability of this being an illusion was huge, because the origins of these Gu Immortals could not be explained at all.


 A sharp light blossomed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, at the next moment he decisively activated sword escape Immortal Gu and charged towards the Gu Immortals.


 The nine Gu Immortals did not react as if they were stupefied.


 Fang Yuan flew nearer before stopping, three breaths future vision and bloodstained conqueror’s robe were already activated as he pointed, sword light shot out.


 Immortal killer move — Sword Marks Targeting Death.


 A Gu Immortal with rank six aura moved.


 But a rank seven female Gu Immortal to the side grabbed their shoulder: “You can’t take on this move, let me.”


 Her voice had just sounded out, when she pointed with a finger, an ice mirror immediately appeared in the air.


 The sword light condensed by sword marks targeting death shot at the ice mirror, but it did not pierce through, instead it was reflected away.


 “She is able to change the direction of my immortal killer move!” Fang Yuan’s heart chilled, as he quickly maneuvered sword marks targeting death back to the original direction.


 His sword marks targeting death’s direction could be controlled by the mind once it was activated.


 It was just that this killer move was extremely fast and was not easy to manipulate.


 Sword marks targeting death returned to its proper path with difficulty, but suddenly there was another ice mirror in front.


 Fang Yuan could only helplessly look as sword marks targeting death derailed once again.


 Then, there were the third, fourth, and following ice mirrors, surrounding sword marks targeting death, actually making it go around in a circle.


 “This is bad! This Gu Immortal’s method counters my sword marks targeting death.” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 A second rank seven Gu Immortal suddenly took a step forward and gave a deep bellow, an ice spear immediately condensing in his hand.


 He then pulled back his arm, like drawing a bow, and after stretching to the limit, he threw the spear towards Fang Yuan.


 The ice spear produced a heart-shaking screech as it pierced through the air. Cold air overflowed and vapor was frozen along the way, turning into beautiful frost that floated in the air.


 The breathtaking scene, however, carried intense killing intent.


 “This is an immortal killer move formed with rank seven Immortal Gu as the core!” Fang Yuan quickly jumped backed to dodge the spear.


 But this ice spear was like sword marks targeting death, its direction could be controlled.


 Fang Yuan could not dodge, gritting his teeth inwardly, he knew just bloodstained conqueror’s robe could not block this move, so he sent out strength path giant hand.


 The giant hand suddenly appeared and created a barrier, it blocked in front of Fang Yuan.


 The ice spear reached the giant hand, immediately piercing through it and striking Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was sent flying backwards, thick ice condensed on his whole body and even the blood which he spurted out condensed into blocks of ice. His blood asset Immortal Gu also suffered damage.


 If he continued to activate it, blood asset Immortal Gu might be seriously injured or even destroyed.


 But in this situation, how could Fang Yuan care about this?


 He could only crazily use blood asset Immortal Gu to barely maintain bloodstained conqueror’s robe.


 “The two rank seven Gu Immortals are not illusions. What about the others then?” Fang Yuan swallowed his blood and clapped, using the killer move myriad self.


 In an instant, large numbers of strength path phantoms surged out and covered everyone’s sight.


 These mysterious Gu Immortals looked stunned.


 The third rank seven Gu Immortal smiled and called out: “Let me.”


 He raised his arms and puffed his cheeks, before fiercely blowing.


 Spiralling wind shot out of his mouth.


 Within the blink of an eye, the wind enlarged to an enormous tornado.


 The tornado was as high as thirty meters, its two ends were wide while the middle part was thinner, and was dark green in color. It spiralled frantically, sharp as blades as it engulfed all the strength path phantoms in its path and easily ripped them into pieces.


 The size of the myriad self army sharply reduced by more than half in a short period of time.


 Fang Yuan quickly replenished the numbers.


 “Brother, I will lend you a hand.” The fourth rank seven Gu Immortal spoke in a muffled voice.


 He pointed with his index finger, targeting the tornado.


 Instantaneously, a certain mysterious immortal killer move was activated, the tornado split into two, before turning into four. Within moments, four enormous tornadoes ravaged the battlefield! Their power had increased by four times!


 “This!!” Fang Yuan’s mind shook once again, feeling the situation was far from good.


 Since the battle started, he had suffered light injuries, blood asset Immortal Gu was injured and was in a danger of dying if it was continued to be used.


 While at the enemy’s side, that immemorial desolate beast had yet to move, among the nine Gu Immortals, four rank sevens had each activated an immortal killer move, which were either mysterious and awe-inspiring, or profound and exquisite.


 “Could it be... this is not an illusion?” As if he had fallen into an abyss, Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Wind whistled crazily, in a few short moments, the myriad self army was going to be completely destroyed even if Fang Yuan continuously replenished them.


 The quality of the strength path phantoms was too low, their numbers could not be put to good use in front of rank seven killer moves.


 Myriad self, which had always been successful, now was in an awkward place, and was not able to change the situation for Fang Yuan.


 “No, there is still an advantage of myriad self, it can at least expend the enemy’s immortal essence, I have a strong point in this aspect. But there are a lot of enemies, while I am alone, this advantage is as good as nothing. What can I do!?”


 The difference in strength between the two sides was so great that any battle tactic looked useless.


 In fact, these mysterious Gu Immortals did not work together at once. Every time they made a move, they took turns. If this immortal level battlefield killer move was not entrapping him, perhaps Fang Yuan could make his getaway.


 Unfortunately, the enemy had already prepared amply, Fang Yuan also lacked space path methods, escaping itself was a problem, not to mention he still had to face four rank seven and five rank six Gu Immortals, as well as that immemorial desolate beast. This was an extremely dangerous peril!


 This situation was simply the worst.


 Compared to his first life where he was besieged by righteous path Gu Immortals, this was innumerably more dangerous.


 After all, at that time, there had not been an immemorial desolate beast to control the situation!


 Fang Yuan probed these Gu Immortals, but regarding the immemorial desolate beast, he did not even have a thought of probing it.


 Fang Yuan was relying on continuously activating myriad self to survive in this worsening situation.


 One after the other, the Gu Immortals made moves, strength path phantoms were almost annihilated. The myriad self army, which had always until now been surging with overwhelming momentum, simply could not form a large scale.


 “Am I going to die here today?” An intense sensation of incoming death shrouded Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Requesting for reinforcements would not work, within this battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan could not even connect to treasure yellow heaven.


 However, he had still not given up.


 His thoughts moved like lightning, and he suddenly remembered: “No, I still have a chance of survival!”


 This chance of survival was not Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was filled with heaven’s will, heaven’s will was trying all methods possible to eradicate Fang Yuan. Using Spring Autumn Cicada was courting death.


 This chance of survival was in the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 If it was before Fang Yuan obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, his death would be certain at this moment. But it was different now, he still had one hope left.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was also an immemorial desolate beast, it was just that it was only an infant currently with desolate beast level strength.


 However, Hei Fan’s true inheritance naturally had time path immortal killer moves that could speed up the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s aging and push it to grow in a short period of time!


 With this, Fang Yuan would have rank eight battle strength.


 Coincidentally, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was also a space path immemorial desolate beast that could enter and exit grotto-heavens and the immemorial nine heavens, there was a huge chance it could pierce through this battlefield killer move!


 “Persevere! I need to persevere until the upper extreme heavenly eagle reaches rank eight!!” When he thought of this, Fang Yuan immediately changed his battle tactics.



***
Chapter 1141 - Refusal to Listen or Believe


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The time path immortal killer move was already quietly activated inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was affected by the killer move, its body’s time was rapidly quickened by countless times, making it mature quickly.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle cried out, feeling extremely unwell.


 On one hand, it was because its body was growing rapidly, while on the other hand, it was hungry!


 It required many heavenly crystals to fill its stomach every day. Right now, in just one breath, a day had passed for its body, and with its body growing continuously, how could it not feel hungry?


 Naturally, Hei Fan had considered this situation as well, so there was another immortal killer move which was used specially to make up for this flaw.


 At the same time, the upper extreme heavenly eagle huddled up in the heavenly crystal eagle nest and began to eat madly.


 Only such a two-pronged approach could sustain its growth.


 This was a quick growth method and had a lot of flaws. The upper extreme heavenly eagle had been in contact with Fang Yuan for a very short time, now with its strength suddenly increasing, it would become more bestial and would not be easy to control. Moreover, the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s growth rate was sped up too much, and there was no way for it to adapt and get familiar with its growth, so it might not be able to use even thirty percent of its strength.


 However, Fang Yuan had no other choice!


 He was in a desperate situation and this was his only hope to get out of this predicament.


 He was like a drowning man who was firmly grasping onto the sole life saving straw.


 Myriad self was continuously activated, the once-powerful killer move had now become the only reliance for Fang Yuan to stall for time.


 He had used familiar face to disguise himself and mixed in among the strength path phantoms, the enemy Gu Immortals had not discovered him since the start.


 The tornadoes wreaked havoc, during which the enemy Gu Immortals had each made their moves, their powerful killer moves shrouding the entire battlefield.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms could only last about one or two breaths of time before they were destroyed.


 He had never activated myriad self as frequently as now!


 Fortunately, myriad self was created by him, and by now, he was so proficient with it that it had turned into an instinct and there had yet to be failure when activating it.


 However, his green grape immortal essence reserve was rapidly dwindling.


 Regarding immortal essence reserves, Fang Yuan was completely in a disadvantage, he naturally had no way to compare with the nine enemy Gu Immortals.


 “This guy’s concealment skill is quite amazing.” An enemy Gu Immortal praised.


 “Relax, as long as this battlefield killer move, grey cloud battle puppet, is here, we don’t have to worry about him escaping.” Another Gu Immortal replied.


 “Hmph, rat like thing, come out. The earlier you die, the earlier you can be free from suffering.”


 The four rank seven Gu Immortals did not speak, but the other five rank six Gu Immortals yelled, vainly attempting to shake Fang Yuan’s will.


 But could Fang Yuan waver so easily?


 His will was firmer than steel, even when he was in danger, he would not give up trying until the very last moment.


 Since he was using a stalling tactic, Fang Yuan would never reveal himself.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was growing rapidly, it already gave a trace of an ancient desolate beast’s aura. As for the heavenly crystal eagle nest, it was already eaten by over half.


 But this growth rate was still far from enough.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was the key for this battle!


 “The enemy has the numerical advantage, their immortal killer moves also seem to be endless. Once I take out the upper extreme heavenly eagle, if my breakthrough attempt fails, I will probably be immediately dealt with the next moment. I won’t have any second chance! I must succeed in one try!!”


 Just as he thought of it, Fang Yuan suddenly heard a chuckle by his ear.


 “Heehee, found you.”


 This was a female Gu Immortal’s voice.


 At that instant, Fang Yuan’s hair stood on end, and without caring about exposing his true self, he activated sword escape Immortal Gu!


 He flew towards the sky!


 Almost at the same time, frost condensed on his original spot, quickly forming into thick ice the size of a pavilion.


 “He’s quite fast.” A rank six Gu Immortal said in surprise. Her voice was the same voice that had sounded by Fang Yuan’s ear.


 “Xue Er, you succeeded. Not bad.” A rank seven Gu Immortal praised.


 “Thank you, great-grandma.” The female Gu Immortal seemed to be happy, “Although I cannot break through his disguise, every time he activates his killer move to create those phantoms, the aura of the killer move will leak out. He might be heavily concealed, but it is of no use. As the frequency increased, I discovered him.”


 “Good! Let me see where you can escape!” Another rank seven Gu Immortal shouted, directly charging towards Fang Yuan.


 He was extremely fast.


 Shortly afterwards, he reached Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan recognized this Gu Immortal, this person was the one who had shot the ice spear before.


 “Die!” The rank seven Gu Immortal clenched his fists, instantly two ice spears condensed in his hands.


 “A close combat Gu Immortal?!” A sharp light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes, and he quickly retreated.


 However, Sword Escape was actually unable to throw the enemy off.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk slightly as he noticed his body was covered in a layer of thin grey clouds.


 It was the cause of his reduction in speed.


 While on the other side, the rank seven Gu Immortal’s speed seemed to have been increased.


 “If I let you escape freely, would not it make me look incompetent?” The Gu Immortal controlling the battlefield killer move was standing straight, with his hands folded in front of his chest, watching the battle situation from afar.


 Fang Yuan was forced to engage in close combat.


 This rank seven Gu Immortal was very powerful with outstanding fighting skill.


 Within several moves, Fang Yuan’s left arm and stomach were pierced.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu was heavily injured!


 Large amounts of fragmentary ice and snow path dao marks were engraved on Fang Yuan’s wounds, making them difficult to heal. Cold air entered his limbs and bones, further lowering his speed.


 The sovereign immortal body’s disadvantage appeared for the first time!


 There were no conflicts between dao marks, causing Fang Yuan to be easily injured.


 Previously, Fang Yuan was defending and painstakingly dodging around. But at this moment, he had no choice but to face the consequences of this weakness.


 “Die!” The enemy’s offense was extremely fierce. He thrusted the ice spear in his right hand towards Fang Yuan’s forehead, while quietly moving the ice spear in his left hand towards Fang Yuan’s heart.


 Blood torrent!


 Fang Yuan suddenly changed his killer move, bizarrely curving around and dodging the enemy’s attack.


 “Blood path!” A rank six among the Gu Immortals blurted in shock.


 “He is indeed an unforgivable sinner! He actually cultivates blood path!!”


 “We can be considered to be eliminating an evil, helping the people of the world.”


 “I had been somewhat suspicious of that defensive killer move earlier. So it was like this.”


 The Gu Immortal dual wielding spears, was filled with even more killing intent, as he pounced over again.


 Giant hand!


 Fang Yuan suddenly slammed, a strength path giant hand flew out.


 In such a short distance, the Gu Immortal with dual spears was unable to dodge.


 But he had not even thought of dodging.


 Head-on!


 He pierced the giant hand with his two spears, and continued to chase Fang Yuan.


 Since he could fight in close range, he naturally had extremely outstanding defensive methods. If not for this, how could he dare to take the risk?


 The two spears in his hands intertwined into dense spear shadows, fully displaying the advantage of a close combat Gu Immortal’s attack speed.


 Close combat Gu Immortals were few in numbers, they had once flourished in ancient times, but were now almost extinct.


 However, if such a Gu Immortal manages to get near to the opponent, they would become an extreme threat.


 Fang Yuan was constantly in a life and death situation, he had to pay close attention to the enemy’s movements, and slight negligence could result in him dying.


 Fang Yuan possessed many immortal killer moves, but in close combat, in most cases, he could only concentrate on dodging. Because there was no time to use any complicated immortal killer moves, and once his response was delayed, it could be his death.


 Fang Yuan’s momentum was already destroyed, he was barely able to continue for a while before the enemy finally found a gap and pierced a spear through his heart.


 “It is over.” At this moment, the enemy’s expression was slightly relaxed.


 Man as Before!


 As Fang Yuan erupted, he used man as before Immortal Gu to restore the fatal injuries.


 Then using dark assassination, he shot towards the enemy’s head.


 In an instant, Fang Yuan had established his victory!


 He had been concealing Man as Before, waiting for this battle opportunity.


 Sounds of shock rose, but the Gu Immortals were not angry.


 At the next instant, Fang Yuan saw a strange sight: The enemy’s head was not made of blood and flesh, and was completely formed from grey clouds.


 The grey clouds scattered before condensing, and the dual spear wielding Gu Immortal shook his newly formed head, laughing: “Not bad! You could actually destroy my head, hmph! Human Gu Immortals are so crafty, if it were normal times, I would have already died. Unfortunately, this is within grey cloud battle puppet, an immortal level battlefield.”


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to pin-size.


 He suffered a loss.


 Not knowing the mechanism of this battlefield killer move led to an error in judgment.


 “Although this is the first time I have heard of grey cloud battle puppet, it is truly a fierce battlefield killer move.” Fang Yuan let out a breath, his whole body was filled with injuries.


 He had intentionally concealed Man as Before and used it at the crucial time, but his painstaking plan had been thwarted by grey cloud battle puppet.


 “That goes without saying, this was created by Lady Earth Mother!” The dual spear wielding Gu Immortal spoke with pride.


 Fang Yuan took the chance to look at his immortal aperture, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had already grown into an immemorial desolate beast.


 However!


 It was near death.


 The heavenly crystals were already finished, and it was now starving to death.


 Fang Yuan quickly dispelled the effect of the immortal killer move on the upper extreme heavenly eagle and attempted to feed other things to it.


 However, the upper extreme heavenly eagle kept its mouth closed.


 “Damn it! Earlier, I was too busy dealing with the enemy, I simply had no time to be concerned about the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s situation.” Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 His final trace of hope was gone.


 In this battlefield killer move, the enemies could not die, Fang Yuan did not have any strategy to ensure his victory. Dealing with just one rank seven Gu Immortal was difficult, not to mention there was also the dragon immemorial desolate beast that had not moved from the start.


 What now?


 Death was already approaching close.


 “Young man, leave your name. You are a worthy adversary, after this life of mine, my battle with you shall be remembered as a glory by my descendants.” The dual spear wielding Gu Immortal pressed on forward.


 The atmosphere was solemn, other Gu Immortals did not speak anything to stop him, seemingly approving of the dual spear wielding Gu Immortal’s words.


 Fang Yuan, however, revealed a confident smile: “My name is not important, what is important is my status. I am a supreme elder of Lang Ya blessed land, a member of a variant human force. In the current situation of the world, we variant humans should not take up arms against each other, isn’t that the case? Snowmen, rockmen and hairy men should help each other, not have internal fights which will instead please enemies!”


 “How do you know...” The dual wielding Gu Immortal was extremely surprised.


 “He actually knows of our identities!”


 “Quick, kill him!”


 “Human Gu Immortals have always been crafty, don’t listen to his misleading words!”


 The other Gu Immortals cried out, almost screaming.


 “What Lang Ya blessed land! Also, you are clearly a human, what hairy man? Do you think I am blind?!” The dual spear wielding Gu Immortal furiously pierced forward with his spears.


 Fang Yuan exposed their identities, but they simply did not listen to or believe Fang Yuan’s words.



***
Chapter 1142 - Bluffing, Deceiving


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The dual spear wielding Gu Immortal rushed towards Fang Yuan.


 “Variant humans... are indeed stubborn? Or is this the influence of heaven’s will? Hmph!” Fang Yuan’s gaze turned dark, he looked at the dual spear wielding Gu Immortal charging at him, but he did not dodge or retreat.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, he opened the entrance to his sovereign immortal aperture and released a gigantic beast.


 “Ahh! This, this is!!!” The dual spear wielding Gu Immortal felt a majestic aura that instantly overwhelmed his body and mind.


 His momentum stopped abruptly, and his battle intent had dispersed at that very instant.


 What Fang Yuan released was none other than the upper extreme heavenly eagle that had now matured to immemorial level!


 A truly mature upper extreme heavenly eagle was extremely huge, multiple times the size of a whale, it did not lose out even when compared to that immemorial dragon desolate beast.


 The immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle was a terrifying rank eight level battle force!


 Shock!


 Instantly, the enemy immortals were all shocked and dumbstruck. They had never expected Fang Yuan to still be holding such a card in reserve.


 This trump card was too strong!


 The dual spear wielding Gu Immortal was almost trembling from fear.


 The atmosphere of the whole battlefield had instantly transformed completely.


 Fang Yuan stood proudly on the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s head, and coldly snorted: “Why do you think I was fearless since the start? Even if your battlefield killer move is powerful, could it obstruct my upper extreme heavenly eagle?”


 The enemy immortals’ bodies jolted upon hearing this.


 “Upper extreme heavenly eagle!”


 “According to legends, this eagle is a space path immemorial desolate beast that can avoid the heavenly wind qi wall and enter the immemorial nine heavens.”


 “Not only this. It can also pierce through space and enter grotto-heavens. Our battlefield killer move cannot trap it!”


 The group of immortals communicated in fluster.


 Fang Yuan had a confident smile on his face: “Even if you use that dragon immemorial desolate beast, I am confident of escaping. But what I said before is all true! I simply don’t need to deceive you, and even if I wanted to deceive you, such a shoddy lie could easily be exposed. Why would I waste my time?”


 The enemy immortals fell into silence.


 The mountain-like upper extreme heavenly eagle was the best evidence of Fang Yuan’s words.


 The dual spear wielding Gu Immortal was the nearest, the upper extreme heavenly eagle filled his whole vision. Despite the upper extreme heavenly eagle slightly closing its eyes, the cold light leaking out of the crack of its eyes still made him feel like he had fallen into an icy abyss.


 “Did you verify it? Is it real or not?” The Gu Immortals secretly transmitted their voices.


 It was rather ironic.


 Just before, when Fang Yuan was ambushed and saw this terrifying battle formation, the first thing he felt was doubt at whether this was real or an illusion.


 Now, after Fang Yuan released the upper extreme heavenly eagle, these Gu Immortals were experiencing the same thing.


 “It is real!” That rank six Gu Immortal called Xue Er spoke with shock, “Moreover, that upper extreme heavenly eagle’s vitality is extremely flourishing, don’t be fooled by its unmoving and harmless look! Once it attacks, it would definitely be earth-shaking!”


 Soon, the rank seven Gu Immortals confirmed one after the other.


 “This! He only has a blessed land, how could he store an immemorial desolate beast!”


 “Although it is unimaginable, it is the truth.”


 “What should we do? He can use an immemorial desolate beast, could it be that we also have to send out the immemorial rock dragon?”


 In fact, the dragon beast in grey cloud battle puppet was not as intimidating as it appeared. Although the aura was real, it could not fully display its rank eight battle strength.


 There were many reasons.


 Grey cloud battle puppet did not have a core rank eight Immortal Gu, and was not suitable for use on rank eight level existences.


 Another reason was, the snowman and rockman Gu Immortals’ main bodies were far below underground. They put in their respective Gu worms and immortal essence in this grey cloud battle puppet, forming battle puppets that were not weaker than the main bodies.


 That is to say the power of grey cloud battle puppet originated from the remote control of the Gu Immortals, and the immortal essence along with Gu worms concealed in the battle puppets.


 The battlefield killer move could form a grey cloud battle puppet corresponding to the immemorial rock dragon, but the immemorial rock dragon did not have a Gu Immortal’s intelligence, let alone remote controlling the puppet, it could not even freely use Immortal Gu, as such it was unable to manifest its strength.


 That was the reason for this rank eight battle strength to not move even the slightest since the start of the battle.


 It was instead Fang Yuan who was cautious and did not dare to even risk probing it.


 Naturally, this was common sense.


 Just like now, the dual spear wielding Gu Immortal was stunned and did not dare to attack the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 When Fang Yuan released the upper extreme heavenly eagle, the situation completely transformed.


 The rank eight battle strength on the variant human Gu Immortals’ side was only a facade, while they were unaware of the details regarding Fang Yuan, and thought they were on the weaker side.


 And Fang Yuan?


 He was also not clear of the variant human Gu Immortals, and also did not know if the immemorial dragon beast was only there for show. He also felt his strength was on the weaker side.


 As far as the truth was concerned, Fang Yuan’s judgment was correct.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was feeling rather tense.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle was about to die from hunger, and he had to use blood path methods to disguise it to look like it had flourishing vitality. Once it was attacked, this disguise would fail.


 However, the other side did not dare to attack.


 The reason?


 Once they attacked, if they could not kill their enemy and let him escape, that would be a very troublesome situation.


 Even if they summoned the immemorial rock dragon from the deep underground, if the upper extreme heavenly eagle wanted to escape, they would not be able to stop it!


 Since Fang Yuan exposed their identities, he also knew of their misgivings.


 Their identities!


 Once their identities of the snowmen and rockmen were exposed to Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, it would immediately lead to invasion from the righteous path, demonic path and lone cultivators.


 Human forces were strong and had killed on their path to reach this age since the immemorial antiquity era, they absolutely would not let such a huge variant human super force to exist beside them!


 Thus, when the variant human Gu Immortals ambushed Fang Yuan, they had concealed their appearances.


 The variant human Gu Immortals had even mobilized nine Gu Immortals and moved out an immemorial desolate beast to suppress the situation, just to handle Fang Yuan, one person.


 It was to make sure there was no mishap.


 But even in such a foolproof plan, there were many mishaps because of Fang Yuan alone. Finally, he even brought out an immemorial desolate beast, upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 If they had known this earlier, how could the variant human Gu Immortals still lay an ambush, and end up in this current awkward situation of not knowing what to do!


 Fang Yuan waited for a while, the variant human Gu Immortals did not speak.


 He shook his head and gave a helpless smile: “Alright, I have already said this, why are you still not believing me? Could it be that you really want us to fight to the death? Naturally, I won’t be the one to die.”


 “How could we trust you, a human!” A rank seven Gu Immortal said with anger.


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh of relief inwardly, since the other side spoke, that means they had been deceived. He got the opportunity, now it would depend on his performance.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan activated familiar face.


 Immortal killer move’s aura spread everywhere, the variant human Gu Immortals immediately became vigilant, the dual spear wielding Gu Immortal even retreated far away.


 However, what came next shocked the variant human Gu Immortals, as they looked on with wide eyes at Fang Yuan transforming into a hairy man, with no flaws.


 “I am a transformation path Gu Immortal, and I inherited a portion of the true inheritance of Ren Wang. I could easily deceive you all by transforming into a hairy man, but why did I not do so?” Fang Yuan spoke in sincere fashion as he spread his arms and turned back to his previous appearance.


 The variant human Gu Immortals quietly looked at him.


 Fang Yuan continued to bullshit: “I did it as an act of sincerity to you! Since I realized your identities just moments ago, then we can be considered people on the same side. Although I am a human Gu Immortal, I am truly a member of Lang Ya blessed land. Lang Ya blessed land’s origin is Long Hair Ancestor. Currently, under Lang Ya land spirit’s lead, Lang Ya Sect has been created and I am one of the supreme elders of the sect. If you believe me, then open up the battlefield killer move, and I will send a message to inform the sect of this matter.”


 The variant human Gu Immortals looked at each other but nobody moved.


 Both sides were at a stalemate.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to let their minds wander.


 After all, heaven’s will was influencing them.


 To dispel heaven’s will’s influence, Fang Yuan had to continue to talk and change their minds.


 Heaven’s will was not fake will, and its influence over variant human Gu Immortals was not high. After all, the intelligence of variant humans was second to only humans. It was because of this that Fang Yuan had hope.


 “Alright, I will show my sincerity first.” Fang Yuan suddenly sighed, and opened his immortal aperture, placing the upper extreme heavenly eagle inside.


 This move shocked all the variant human Gu Immortals.


 “Careful. Although the upper extreme heavenly eagle has been placed inside, it can rely on its power to come out of the aperture and make a move at any time.”


 “Enough, dispel grey cloud battle puppet.”


 “Leader...”


 “Could it be that you still think grey cloud battle puppet can trap him?”


 The other variant human Gu Immortals were unable to reply.


 From what they saw, the truth was indeed like that.


 Amidst the stifling silence, the killer move grey cloud battle puppet was slowly dispelled, Fang Yuan’s vision was once again filled with the sight of the bright landscape of Northern Plains.


 He strongly endured the impulse of making an immediate getaway, speaking to these variant human Gu Immortals: “Good! Friends are often made after a fight. I will immediately notify Lang Ya Sect, staying here and waiting for the sect to send Gu Immortals.”


 Fang Yuan’s joyful attitude was naturally a disguise.


 But with his acting along with attitude Gu, there was no flaw at all.


 At least, these variant human Gu Immortals did not notice any flaw.


 Adding on that Fang Yuan did not run away, it gave even more proof of the truth of his words.


 “Then we shall invite you to make a visit underground as a guest. Here.” The other grey clouds had all dispersed, while only a rockman Gu Immortal’s physical body was remaining. He was the person controlling grey cloud battle puppet.


 “Hahaha, please lead the way.” Fang Yuan followed this rockman Gu Immortal into the underground part of this icy plain.


 The facts proved that heaven’s will’s influence towards Gu Immortals was not remarkable. At least, Fang Yuan was able to use words to dispel this influence.


 Naturally, it was on the basis of the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 It was because of the existence of the immemorial desolate beast that these variant human Gu Immortals changed their minds.


 After all, heaven’s will could not destroy these Gu Immortals’ rationality, challenging an immemorial desolate beast would be looking for death.


 In the depths below the icy plain, there was a scenic and beautiful world of its own.


 Fang Yuan was vaguely encircled by several Gu Immortals as they led him, while he looked at the underground scenery absentmindedly.


 The variant human Gu Immortals were also in the same situation.


 Until Lang Ya Sect sent a group of hairy man Gu Immortals to this place.


 Twelfth Hair and Sixth Hair were among them.



***
Chapter 1143 - I Am... Rejoicing!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern icy plain, deep underground.


 Within a large hall, stone chairs and tables were arranged in a circle, thick vines grew on the walls and grass grew between the cracks of the rocks.


 Three bonfires were burning high at the center of the hall.


 It is said that this was a tradition passed down from the Olden Antiquity Era. When variant humans attend to esteemed guests, they would set up a banquet and burn three bonfires.


 Snowman, rockman and hairy man Gu Immortals, as well as Fang Yuan, were seated inside the hall.


 The fire shone on every person’s face and their smiles could be seen.


 All kinds of fruits were laid in front of everyone, and soon, rockman servants served each person a large bowl of wine.


 “This is our rockman tribe’s lip fish wine, have a taste!” Shi Zong stood up from his seat and called out while holding the wine bowl.


 Shi Zong was this rockman tribe’s first supreme elder, he had not joined the battle to kill Fang Yuan.


 His whole body shone with many colors from the countless gold, silver and pearl ornaments inlaid on him.


 This was the style of rockman tribes.


 Rockman bodies were made completely of rocks and in their long period of life, all kinds of gold, silver, iron and steel ores would grow on their bodies. Rockmen took this as a symbol of good looks and honor, the higher the position of the rockman, the more extravagant ornaments they would have on them.


 Not only Shi Zong, several other rockman Gu Immortals present on the scene were the same.


 Since Shi Zong had invited it, all the immortals held up their wine bowls in response.


 Shi Zong and the other immortals took big gulps of the wine, the hairy men did the same, only Fang Yuan took a small sip.


 After Shi Zong had finished drinking, he put down the bowl which did not even have a drop of wine remaining.


 Cheers broke out.


 Other Gu Immortals also imitated him, and drank down all the wine in their bowls.


 The immortals laughed, the calm atmosphere became lively.


 Only Fang Yuan put down the wine bowl, having only drunken a bit of the lip fish wine.


 The snowman and rockman Gu Immortals turned a blind eye to this.


 Instead, the dissension rose from within the hairy man Gu Immortals, Sixth Hair criticized Fang Yuan: “Elder Fang Yuan, what are you doing? Don’t you know your action is impolite? The host finished the wine, you, as a guest, should also follow and not leave behind any wine in your bowl, this is respect towards the host. Ah, I forgot you are a human and not one of us variant humans, no wonder you don’t know this tradition passed down from the Remote Antiquity Era.”


 Sixth Hair was a spy placed in Lang Ya Sect by Shadow Sect, he took advantage of every chance to cause trouble for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sneered, his gaze scanned around before he spoke leisurely: “How would I not know of this tradition? It is just that this lip fish wine is the saliva left behind by underground rockfish, I don’t like drinking it.”


 “You...” Sixth Hair’s expression looked dark, but he was happy inwardly. Fang Yuan’s words were no doubt offending the other side, which was what he intended.


 In Fang Yuan’s letter to Lang Ya Sect to notify the land spirit, he had naturally not mentioned everything, and only explained the matter roughly. Sixth Hair and the others did not know that Fang Yuan had brought out an immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle in the life and death battle with the snowmen and rockmen, before he could make the other side compromise.


 In fact, when Fang Yuan had joined Lang Ya Sect, Lang Ya land spirit had issued a mission to find variant human allies.


 Since Fang Yuan had found them, he naturally completed this mission and was sure to receive rewards from Lang Ya Sect.


 As a member of Shadow Sect, Sixth Hair did not want to see Fang Yuan obtain benefits and develop. Right now, he spoke up to try and suppress Fang Yuan.


 “Haha, since Elder Fang Yuan does not like this wine, then we shall change to another one. Bring out the ice wolf wine from my winery.” A snowman Gu Immortal laughed.


 Snowmen had snow-white skin, ice blue pupils and aqua blue hair.


 This snowman Gu Immortal was robust and strong, his upper body was bare, revealing a dark blue tattoo on his chest. His aqua blue hair was tied up, revealing a firm and dauntless face.


 This person’s name was Bing Zhuo, he was that dual spear wielding Gu Immortal who had made Fang Yuan struggle bitterly.


 Soon, a snowman servant brought the wine.


 This was a wine bowl made from ice, the wine inside was almost frozen and released cold air.


 “To tell the truth, I myself don’t like drinking lip fish wine, so I brewed this wine, how about giving it a taste.” Bing Zhuo passionately spoke.


 Fang Yuan swept his gaze at the wine and intentionally spoke without proper respect: “Let me taste it then, let’s see if it is to my taste or not.”


 “Please.” Bing Zhuo laughed.


 Fang Yuan drank a gulp, the first instance this wine entered his mouth, it was icy cold, but when it entered his throat, it became hot like fire. The feeling of ice and fire immediately made Fang Yuan’s eyes brighten as he spoke: “Good wine.”


 “Hahaha.” Bing Zhuo laughed loudly, “Since you like it, then please drink some more.”


 He had just finished speaking, when the immortals saw Fang Yuan lift the whole bowl and drink it down in one gulp.


 The immortals were dazed for a moment, before applauding and cheering loudly.


 Fang Yuan discreetly glanced at Sixth Hair while laughing internally.


 He had already known Sixth Hair’s intention.


 Sixth Hair would not let any mishaps happen to Fang Yuan. Because after Shadow Sect saves Spectral Soul’s main body, their next target would be Fang Yuan. Because of this, Sixth Hair would not harm Fang Yuan’s life.


 Sixth Hair could only suppress Fang Yuan at most, and delay his growth to make it easier for Shadow Sect in the future.


 Sixth Hair had already done this before, making Fang Yuan’s relation with Lang Ya Sect turn cold.


 However, how could he have ever expected Fang Yuan to have an immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle and moreover, that he had used it to successfully awe the snowmen and rockmen.


 An immemorial level battle strength, these variant human Gu Immortals had no choice but to give respect to it!


 This was strength!


 In their hearts, no matter how Sixth Hair provoked or smeared, Fang Yuan’s importance was much greater than all the hairy man Gu Immortals combined.


 In fact, variant humans very strongly revered strength. This was one of the characteristics of variant humans that had passed down since the Immemorial Antiquity Era.


 Because be it the era of eating raw flesh and drinking blood, or the period of war between different races, or the era when they were slaughtered by humans, great strength had always brought more space to survive and opportunities to these variant humans.


 It was instead the humans who, after becoming the overlord of the five regions and having an unshakable position, stopped having as much reverence for strength as before, it could not compare to these variant humans who were barely surviving at some isolated parts of the world.


 Fang Yuan had intentionally made things difficult, and as far as these variant human Gu Immortals were concerned, it was normal.


 What expert did not have some attitude?


 If Fang Yuan did not display it, they would instead feel uneasy.


 Fang Yuan knew the mentality of these variant human Gu Immortals very well, naturally he also had another reason for it, that was to probe their intentions.


 Now, Fang Yuan was basically completely confident that he was safe.


 “What’s going on?” Looking at the variant human Gu Immortals’ smiling expressions, Sixth Hair was greatly shocked.


 Next, almost all snowman and rockman Gu Immortals approached Fang Yuan, while leaving aside the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, here, I will toast you.”


 “Elder Fang Yuan sure is a great drinker!”


 Fang Yuan did not refuse them, he drank each time.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals looked at each other in confusion.


 Sixth Hair was extremely bewildered: “What magic bewitchment has Fang Yuan used, he is actually so greatly welcomed?”


 If Fang Yuan had turned into a hairy man’s appearance, they maybe it could make sense. But he was in his original form, which was a genuine human.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, I, Xue Er, shall pour wine for you.” During the feast, a beautiful female snowman Gu Immortal actually walked over to Fang Yuan and took up the work of a servant, pouring the ice wolf wine for Fang Yuan.


 The other hairy man Gu Immortals looked on with wide eyes.


 Sixth Hair almost shouted out: “What the hell are you all doing! Are you even variant humans? Fang Yuan is clearly a human Gu Immortal! Human! The humans who had slaughtered and marginalized you variant humans!!”


 “Xue Er, you are that snowman who discovered my true body?” Fang Yuan brazenly sized up this female snowman immortal, and asked.


 The female snowman lowered her head and gave a coy smile: “I am only good at some investigative methods, Elder Fang Yuan is the true hero.”


 Twelfth Hair had been drinking wine, but when he heard these words, he could not help spurting out the wine.


 Sixth Hair looked like he was about to fly into a rage, almost cursing at the female Gu Immortal: “What is your intention? Hey hey! Why is your face red? What are you doing by lowering your head and acting shy? Still taking sneaky glances at Fang Yuan, you think I can’t see your expression? Damn it! Are you a snowman or not! Pay attention to your identity!”


 “I don’t deserve the title of hero.” Fang Yuan laughed half-heartedly. Even he himself was somewhat surprised. The attitude of these variant human Gu Immortals seemed to have changed a little too much.


 Bing Zhuo walked over at this moment while holding his wine bowl: “If Elder Fang Yuan is not a hero, then who can still claim to be a hero?”


 Xue Er gave a timely introduction: “This is Brother Bing Zhuo. He is the strongest in our tribe, normally he is cold and extremely prideful. Only when talking with Elder Fang Yuan is he this passionate.”


 Fang Yuan stood up and assessed this Gu Immortal: “If I am not wrong, you are the person who dual wielded spears and fought with me for dozens of rounds?”


 Bing Zhuo laughed, giving a thumbs up: “Elder Fang Yuan, you have a good eye for detail!”


 Fang Yuan did not continue gossiping, and directly chugged down the wine.


 Bing Zhuo was overjoyed, and also chugged down his wine.


 Cheers rose up once again, while Xue Er clapped from the side: “Heroes attract heroes.”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals looked on, dumbfounded, no one was paying attention to them. The other side’s Gu Immortals were all looking at Fang Yuan.


 Sixth Hair almost slammed the table.


 Bing Zhuo’s attitude was making him feel worse.


 He mentally screamed: “What in the world are you guys doing?! Forget about that female Gu Immortal named Xue Er, Fang Yuan’s current appearance is quite handsome. What are you, a man, being so excited for! Look at your laughing expression, you look like you want to be sworn brothers with Fang Yuan, what are you thinking? The strongest in your tribe and also a hero? Being this close with a human Gu Immortal, you want to betray your tribe?!”


 Bing Zhuo sighed: “Compared to Elder Fang Yuan, how could I be considered a hero? Elder Fang Yuan possesses an immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle. If Elder Fang Yuan was not on the same side as us, we might have provoked a disaster for our tribes.”


 “Wha... what? Immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle!” In an instant, the hairy man Gu Immortals looked at each other in shock.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, I didn’t hear wrongly, right? You actually have an immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle?!” Sixth Hair finally could not endure it, he stood up suddenly and stared fixedly at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose, and said with a slightly embarrassed expression: “Not long ago, I allied with Chu Du to get to Hei Fan grotto-heaven and take Hei Fan’s true inheritance. This upper extreme heavenly eagle is one of the gains.”


 “What?!” The hairy man Gu Immortals exclaimed in shock.


 Meanwhile, the snowman and rockman Gu Immortals also exchanged looks with each other.


 Sixth Hair took a step back unconsciously, staring at Fang Yuan incredulously, and then looking at the other Gu Immortals.


 In that instant, he finally realized and understood why these variant human Gu Immortals gave so much importance to Fang Yuan!


 Immemorial desolate beast, rank eight battle strength!!


 Plop.


 Sixth Hair could not bear such a huge impact, his legs gave way and he sat down again on the stone chair.


 “I did not have the time to inform all of you. Come, let us Lang Ya Sect members have a drink, this calls for a celebration.” Fang Yuan smiled and raised his wine bowl.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals reacted, revealing joyous expressions.


 “Our Lang Ya Sect also has rank eight battle strength now!”


 “Elder Fang Yuan, you are truly unfathomable, simply amazing!”


 “Elder Fang Yuan, it was my mistake in the incident earlier, I had eyes but failed to recognize Tian Ti Mountain.”


 The hairy man Gu Immortals all had looks of ‘acceptance’.


 This was the prestige of rank eight battle strength!


 Sixth Hair also rose his wine bowl with a smile, while inwardly, he was spurting blood from anger.


 Fang Yuan glanced at him, smiling: “Elder Sixth Hair, why are your hands trembling?”


 Sixth Hair smiled towards him, he indeed was a spy who had lurked for many years, his expression did not show any flaws, it was just his voice that had turned somewhat hoarse: “This is because I am extremely excited for you, Elder Fang Yuan, and for Lang Ya Sect, I am... rejoicing.”



***
Chapter 1144 - Refining Gu, Grand Commotion


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Snow descended slowly and quietly.


 There was no wind.


 A series of snowy mountain peaks formed a range.


 A couple were snuggling each other near the window, looking outside at the snowy landscape.


 There was a warm atmosphere in the room.


 The wife was neat and graceful, some white color was already beginning to show in her hair. She leaned on her husband’s arm and spoke with nostalgia: “It has been so long since I watched the snowy landscape with you this serenely...”


 Her husband already looked old but was in good health, he comfortingly patted his wife’s arm with his aged hand, and spoke slowly: “I would like to stay with you always and watch the snowflakes fall quietly. Do you still remember the time we first met?”


 His wife chuckled, the joyous memory seemed to be resurfacing in front of her eyes: “That was also a snowy day, you were still hotheaded, wanting to become stronger and stronger.”


 “I wanted to become stronger, wasn’t it for the sake of becoming worthy of you? Back then, you said you would marry me when I cultivate to rank eight. Hehe.” The old man laughed, his laughter had some craftiness as well as some pride.


 His wife’s smile, however, shrank slightly, and her brows furrowed: “To tell the truth, I regret it a little. I would rather your cultivation be slightly lower.”


 “To be your husband, how could I have lower cultivation level? Rest assured, as long as we refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, I have confidence in passing this myriad tribulation, then our future will be boundless as the sea and sky, and I can stay with you forever.” As he said this, the old man’s sight slowly became sharper, revealing an extraordinarily powerful aura.


 His aura went from weak to strong, continuously growing stronger. As time passed, it actually flowed outside, causing the surrounding snowflakes to stop falling, and float in front of him.


 His wife slowly moved away from him, quietly looking at the snowy landscape as a firm will emerged in her eyes.


 “Let us begin.” After a long while, the old man spoke, breaking the silence.


 His wife only replied with one word: “Okay.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou began refining fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu!


 On this day, gorgeous lights shot out to the sky from Snowy Mountain blessed land, unable to be hidden or concealed!


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world had yet to recover from the commotion of Hei tribe’s annihilation, but now, it fell into upheaval once again.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu had begun refining rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Gu!


 This news was like a whirlwind that engulfed the whole Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.


 Feng Xian grotto-heaven.


 “Such a grand show, as if he is afraid others won’t come to wreck his plan. But this is indeed Old Xue Hu’s style.” Prince Feng Xian chuckled indifferently at the news.


 “Lord, if we let Old Ancestor Xue Hu successfully refine the rank eight Immortal Gu, I am afraid he would just get much stronger.” Gu Immortal You Lan spoke from beside Prince Feng Xian.


 “Even without fortune rivalling heaven Gu, he is still the number one expert of Northern Plains. Our current task is to capture Fang Yuan. We have already obtained news from that side, Heavenly Court has deduced and confirmed Fang Yuan is in Northern Plains!” Prince Feng Xian laughed, his eyes shining with cold light.


 His hatred towards Fang Yuan was deep.


 The reason?


 Because Prince Feng Xian’s original task had been to infiltrate Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. But the grand plan was destroyed by Fang Yuan, causing his many years of waiting to go down the drain.


 Could he not feel hatred?


 Bai Zu grotto-heaven.


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu has been fiddling around for these years, he finally decided to act?” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu mumbled, then shook his head.


 After that battle with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was even more aware of the other side’s strength.


 “Just I alone am absolutely not Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s opponent. Also, wrecking his refinement plan would mean I will be an irreconcilable enemy of him. But I have now established Bai Zu tribe, this is the result of many years of planning and arduous work, I cannot make a move lightly.”


 “Unless Yao Huang and some other people want to make a move... before they show any signs, I should concentrate on invading that Hei Fan grotto-heaven instead.”


 Yao Huang grotto-heaven.


 A large cauldron was floating in front of Yao Huang.


 It was made from cauldron strength Immortal Gu.


 Inside the cauldron were countless immortal materials, the blazing fire below it was constantly melting these immortal materials into liquid and fusing them.


 When he heard the news of Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s Gu refinement, the fire heating the cauldron trembled.


 Yao Huang sighed and mumbled to himself: “Fighting with Old Xue Hu is not wise. Instead, I just need to concentrate on refining this resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu, and I will also possess a rank eight Immortal Gu, and solve the issue of lifespan.”


 Longevity Heaven.


 “Look at those lights soaring to the sky, hmph! Old Ancestor Xue Hu has really started refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu!”


 “Even if he is a rank eight Gu Immortal, he is too audacious, to dare to covet Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s Immortal Gu!!”


 Longevity Heaven was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s grotto-heaven, the Gu Immortals who lived inside were descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable with the closest bloodline connection to him.


 They naturally did not want to see fortune rivalling heaven Gu falling into an outsider’s hands.


 However!


 They were unable to make a move.


 Because of one person — Five Elements Grandmaster!


 ...


 “Elder Fang Yuan, please come in, this is our tribe’s sacred land — Earth Mother Altar!” Shi Shi Cheng respectfully guided Fang Yuan.


 This rockman Gu Immortal was only rank six, but he controlled the immortal battlefield killer move, grey cloud battle puppet, he was clearly a character representing the next generation of the rockmen.


 Following with him was also the rank six female Gu Immortal from the snowman tribe, Xue Er.


 Right now, some days had already passed since the banquet.


 The allied tribes of snowmen and rockmen living here treated Fang Yuan and the hairy man Gu Immortals with utmost cordiality.


 According to Lang Ya land spirit’s arrangement, Sixth Hair and the others were responsible for negotiating about cooperation and alliance between both sides. As for Fang Yuan, he was accompanied to tour around and view the scenery, becoming familiar with the lifestyle of these variant humans.


 Over these last few days, Fang Yuan had deep insight.


 These snowmen and rockmen were living in hiding below the northern icy plain, but they were filled with awareness of crisis and were extremely strict in the upbringing of their later generations, almost to the point of cruelty.


 This led to generations after generations of powerful variant human Gu Immortals.


 Compared to them, Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals formed an extremely clear contrast.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, didn’t you ask me yesterday why there is such earth and soil below the northern icy plain? You will know once you enter.” Xue Er giggled.


 “Okay.” Fang Yuan nodded, being somewhat curious.


 When he entered Earth Mother Altar and saw two statues enshrined at the center, he was left staring.


 “This is...”


 He was shocked.


 Because he saw a female human immortal hugging a rockman Gu Immortal’s arm. The two were looking into the distance with blissful expressions, looking like they had lived a charmed life together.


 “This is the twenty-seventh first supreme elder of my tribe, Shi Mu, the one beside him is his wife, my tribe’s most respected Lady Earth Mother. Of course, as you can see, Lady Earth Mother is a human Gu Immortal.” Shi Shi Cheng introduced.


 This was somewhat unthinkable.


 A female human immortal actually fell in love with a rockman Gu Immortal, and was enshrined and respected by the later generations of rockmen to this degree.


 Xue Er continued: “Lady Earth Mother was kind and benevolent, her love transcends race. She was deeply saddened that the rockman tribe did not have land for survival, and not long after Lord Shi Mu passed away, she also died of her own accord to be with her love. For the sake of the later generations, her dao marks and blessed land turned into this underground land, allowing rockmen to have a foundation for survival.”


 Fang Yuan firmly stared at this couple’s statues.


 His mind was surging frantically.


 Because this Earth Mother, whom the rockmen and snowmen respected and revered, he actually knew her!


 Naturally, he and Earth Mother were not people of the same time period, there would normally not have been any link between them. The reason why Fang Yuan could recognize Earth Mother’s identity was because he had soul searched Hei Cheng.


 Because Earth Mother was the missing Hei Feng Yue of Hei tribe, Old Ancestor Hei Fan’s most beloved granddaughter!


 “Who could have expected that Hei Feng Yue disappeared as a result of hiding her own identity. She fell in love with a rockman Gu Immortal, this definitely would not have been accepted by the tribe, and even more so, would not have been accepted by the human Gu Immortals in Northern Plains.”


 “As for why she fell in love and stayed with a rockman Gu Immortal, there definitely must have been a hidden story.”


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, but was inwardly sighing.


 No matter what the truth of the past was, he had no intention to excavate it.


 Every person had their own life to lead, their own loved and hated enemies. Right?


 Xue Er had been secretly observing Fang Yuan, and seeing Fang Yuan having no expression of disgust or anger, her whole heart felt joyous.


 She then looked at the statues of Shi Mu and Earth Mother dazedly, speaking with certain intent: “I won’t hide it from Elder Fang Yuan, from my perspective, love has no boundaries! Whether it be rockmen or humans, both have the possibility of existing together and the right to love each other!”


 Fang Yuan went absent-minded.


 A beautiful white figure flashed across his eyes.


 But it disappeared shortly afterwards.


 “The five hundred years of my first life...” His gaze turned deep and serene.


 He slightly realized now.


 Why this group of snowmen and rockmen accepted him so easily after knowing Fang Yuan was on the same side.


 From a certain aspect, Fang Yuan could also be considered to have received Earth Mother’s help.


 “Actually, we were compelled by the situation to fight with Elder Fang Yuan. Elder Fang Yuan must also be clear on how the northern icy plain was formed. This was previously a pure icy land, only with Lady Earth Mother’s profound methods, did this area start gathering earth qi and form this soil.”


 Shi Shi Cheng earnestly continued: “However, when a Gu Immortal faces their tribulation in the northern icy plain, it would draw in and consume heaven and earth qi. Every time the earth qi is weakened, the northern icy plain will get more unstable, and the land we can live on will decrease by a portion in area.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, he already knew of this reason during the banquet, now his understanding had become even deeper.


 “This is my fault. If I had known this before, I would not have undergone my calamity in the northern icy plain!” Fang Yuan earnestly spoke.


 Shi Shi Cheng and Xue Er’s face brightened.


 “If misunderstandings can be solved, that is for the best.” Shi Shi Cheng spoke.


 Right at this time, Shi Shi Cheng’s expression changed, shortly afterwards Xue Er’s expression also changed.


 “What’s wrong?” Fang Yuan quickly asked.


 “Lights are soaring to the sky from Snowy Mountain blessed land, our information claims that Old Ancestor Xue Hu has begun refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu.” Shi Shi Cheng spoke in a heavy tone.


 Any human growing stronger was grievous news to variant humans.


 Xue Er’s eyes shifted to Fang Yuan: “Elder Fang Yuan, you used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and are an otherworldly demon, you even destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building by your own hands. I would like to ask if Old Ancestor Xue Hu succeeds in refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu in the future?”



***
Chapter 1145 - Rank Eight Determines The Situation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A number of days had passed since the hairy man Gu Immortals from Lang Ya Sect came in touch and started discussing with this group of snowmen and rockmen.


 The more they talked, the more they found common topics between each other.


 This was decided by the external factors.


 Human forces were incomparably big, while the variant human tribes could only barely survive in isolated parts of the world, like this place. They were naturally inclined towards allying.


 Although Sixth Hair was a spy inserted by Shadow Sect into Lang Ya Sect, he did not oppose the alliance of the two sides, instead even working hard for it.


 On one hand, Sixth Hair knew very well that just by himself, he could not make the two sides turn hostile to each other.


 On another hand, Sixth Hair also took this chance to show his skills and obtain more contribution points, letting Lang Ya land spirit put more trust in him and increasing his status.


 Finally, Shadow Sect’s goal was Spectral Soul’s goal. Although the Demon Venerable had died, his aspirations were already beyond the boundaries of race.


 Both sides discussed, each understanding more about the other. Sixth Hair even sold almost all the intel about Fang Yuan to get more trust from the other side.


 Thus, snowmen and rockmen knew how special Fang Yuan’s status was.


 Fang Yuan once possessed Spring Autumn Cicada and was a person who had been reborn.


 He was also an otherworldly demon who came from a foreign world.


 He was also the main culprit for the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Imperial Court blessed land.


 It was worth mentioning that the last point made the variant human Gu Immortals feel even closer to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, greatly weakening the human forces of Northern Plains, which was an extremely good thing to variant human forces. They were so joyous that, in the past, when they heard about Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s destruction, this allied group of snowmen and rockmen even had a banquet for three days and three nights.


 Inside Earth Mother Altar, hearing Xue Er ask about the future, Fang Yuan replied with a bitter smile, having already prepared beforehand: “Although I had Spring Autumn Cicada, I have already lost this mystical Gu. After I was reborn, there have been many changes in the world. You also know that I made Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapse, right?”


 “Yes, Elder Fang Yuan, you are truly amazing.” Xue Er said with bright eyes.


 “I also feel extreme admiration towards you about this.” Shi Shi Cheng also added.


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose and sighed: “I am a person who had been reborn, and knew some secrets. Although I am not of the Huang Jin bloodline, I participated in the fight for Imperial Court to get some benefits from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. My original plan was to visit time after time to get unending benefits. But plans can’t keep up with changes, some accidents happened and I could only adapt to the circumstances, finally causing the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 Xue Er and Shi Shi Cheng revealed joyous smiles.


 Shi Shi Cheng said: “Elder Fang Yuan’s words make sense.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head in helpless fashion: “Who wants to be chased by all the Gu Immortals in the world? That was truly an accident.”


 Xue Er smiled: “From what I see, Elder Fang Yuan, you are a natural hero, although you destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building accidentally, if it were someone else, would they be able to do it?”


 “It is because of this I had no choice but to hide in Lang Ya blessed land, later on, things happened and I joined Lang Ya Sect. While living over there, I slowly discovered that the traits of variant humans were actually not weaker than humans. Their sincerity, trust and loyalty and so on far surpass the humans who always try to deceive each other. Although the five regions are vast, the survival space of variant humans is shrinking by the day, this is not right. Heaven’s will permits all living beings to exist, variant humans and humans should indeed co-exist.”


 Fang Yuan’s face did not show shame in the slightest when he said this.


 He even brought up heaven’s will, which was trying every way possible to eradicate him.


 Fang Yuan had a sincere expression, so vivid that it could not be more realistic, Xue Er’s eyes even reddened from hearing these words.


 Shi Shi Cheng was extremely moved: “If other human Gu Immortals were all as understanding and knowledgeable as Lord Fang Yuan, the world would be much better!”


 In his words, he had already raised Fang Yuan from elder to lord, even speaking to him respectfully.


 Indeed, Fang Yuan’s words were extremely politically correct as far as variant humans were concerned, inciting resonance and approval with their minds.


 “But Elder Fang Yuan, you have yet to answer my question.” Xue Er was intelligent and not easy to deceive.


 “I was just getting there.” Fang Yuan coughed, “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s destruction was not my intention. In fact, before I had reborn, it had never fallen!”


 “Ah? Is that so.” Xue Er and Shi Shi Cheng looked at each other.


 “Northern Plains’ situation has changed too much because of me. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was destroyed, Ma Hong Yun was kidnapped and his possession of fortune rivalling heaven Gu was exposed so quickly, with him being bought by Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Before I was reborn, there was simply no event of Old Ancestor Xue Hu trying to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu.” Fang Yuan added.


 These words were all true.


 Xue Er and Shi Shi Cheng both chose to believe them.


 The former slightly pursed her lips: “Then doesn’t it mean it is difficult to deduce the result? If we really let Old Ancestor Xue Hu refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu, the strength of Northern Plains’ human Gu Immortals will rise by another level.”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts turned, questioning: “Could it be that you want to stop it?”


 He had no choice but to admit this allied group of snowmen and rockmen had the power to interfere in this matter.


 Because they had an immemorial rock dragon, this was a genuine rank eight battle strength.


 Moreover, it was an existence which was very hard to deal with among rank eight battle strengths.


 The immemorial rock dragon’s might was recorded and emphasized heavily in the historical records.


 “Of course not!” Shi Shi Cheng shook his head, “We absolutely cannot interfere in this.”


 “Yes. We have been living peacefully here, why would we expose ourselves and go offend a rank eight expert? Moreover this rank eight expert controls Snowy Mountain blessed land, with large numbers of demonic path experts under him.” Xue Er also shook her head.


 They were very aware of the situation.


 Even if they seized fortune rivalling heaven Gu for their own use, they would be exposing themselves, attracting the joint pursuit of the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 All the human forces would come rushing over, at that time, forget fortune rivalling heaven Gu, even if there were several more immemorial rock dragons, they would be unable to stop the humans.


 Fang Yuan nodded and did not say anything, while inwardly pondering.


 “These variant humans are indeed not ordinary, I have seen all the variant human Gu Immortals over these days, each of them is an elite. Whether it be their battle strength or foresight, they are outstanding in both. Even among the Northern Plains’ human Gu Immortal circle, they would be excellent. When compared to them, Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals would be way behind. Fortunately, I had rank eight battle strength with me!”


 So what if he was an otherworldly demon?


 So what if he had Spring Autumn Cicada and was a reborn person?


 These statuses and mysteries, when they were stacked on his rank eight battle strength as foundation, they become a part of a glorious halo, and not a source of trouble.


 When one had great strength, who would dare to find trouble?


 Rank eight battle strength!


 With just a flick of their finger, they could crush others like ants.


 This was the reason the snowmen and rockmen not only did not dare to find trouble with Fang Yuan, they also expressed cordial stances and attempted to rope him in.


 Anyone of rank eight battle strength was of sufficient value for others to rope in.


 In the absence of rank nine, rank eights were the overlords. This was already among the peak battle strength in the world.


 “In fact, the whole of Northern Plains’ situation and structure is a result of rank eight Gu Immortals conflicting with each other. The politics of a world having individuals with great strength is always dictated by the strongest people!”


 Fang Yuan was well aware of this.


 “But if they know my upper extreme heavenly eagle is already dead, I wonder what kind of expressions these people will have?” Fang Yuan found it somewhat funny as he thought of this.


 He forcibly sped up the growth of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, using time path killer moves, but with insufficient heavenly crystals, it was on the verge of dying from hunger.


 He then used blood path methods to raise its vitality when he let it out, and successfully shook the variant human immortals. Relying on his bluffs and deception, he was able to survive, and change the situation.


 However, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was like the last radiance of the setting sun. After Fang Yuan placed it in his immortal aperture, it died at almost the very next moment.


 An immemorial desolate beast dying of hunger, this life of the upper extreme heavenly eagle was indeed somewhat depressing.


 But!


 That might not be the case in its next life.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle’s amazing trait was that it would produce an egg after its death. When the egg hatches, it would once again be reborn.


 It was true that Fang Yuan lost the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle, but similarly, he obtained an upper extreme heavenly eagle’s egg, and also the immemorial desolate beast’s giant corpse.


 He could completely accept this result!


 Because first of all, Fang Yuan was not satisfied with this upper extreme heavenly eagle. He had to disguise as a person of Hei tribe’s bloodline to command it.


 Secondly, many flaws appeared after the upper extreme heavenly eagle was forcefully grown. With rank eight battle strength, how could such a grand being let Fang Yuan, a rank six Gu Immortal, control it? Let alone when the upper extreme heavenly eagle was an extremely prideful beast. It was certain that the upper extreme heavenly eagle would not listen when it was forcefully grown into being of rank eight battle strength, there was even a huge possibility of it rebelling and turning against Fang Yuan because of its strong pride in itself.


 As a result, the upper extreme heavenly eagle dying was not bad news to Fang Yuan.


 As for the new egg, Fang Yuan could rely on the contents of Hei Fan’s true inheritance to change it, tampering with its memories and so on, such that when it hatches, it would directly obey Fang Yuan.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was openly refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu, the refinement path Gu formation’s light even shot up to the heavens, shining brightly for seven days and seven nights before it gradually dissipated.


 This matter caused strong turbulence in the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 However.


 After the shock, the Gu Immortal world of Northern Plains strangely quietened down.


 This was because Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Yao Huang, Five Elements Grandmaster and Prince Feng Xian had not responded yet. Without these rank eight Gu Immortals speaking up, even if the other rank six and rank sevens clamored, it would be of no use.


 Being able to battle a rank eight existence with rank seven cultivation, within the last few thousand years of the five regions, only Feng Jiu Ge could do it.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu did matters rampantly and tyrannically, but one had to say he not only had brawn but also brains, picking up such an extremely opportune time.


 This group of variant humans under the northern icy plain also chose to watch by the sidelines.


 As for Fang Yuan himself, he similarly had no thoughts of participating in this matter.


 This matter was too big, it concerned the rank eight great expert Old Ancestor Xue Hu, although Fang Yuan currently was stronger than before, if he interfered in this matter, he would easily be turned into mush.



***
Chapter 1146 - Four Races Alliance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Editor: Atlas Studios


 Three days went by.


 Underground of the icy plain, Earth Mother Altar.


 Four incense sticks were lit and the smoke coiled up to the air, Gu Immortals were standing by a side with solemn expressions, the four camps clearly differentiated.


 Fang Yuan was also among them, the people beside him were Lang Ya Sect’s hairy man Gu Immortals.


 A melodious bugle call resounded, and then the drums roared.


 Shi Zong took a large step ahead during the drum sounds, speaking in a loud voice: “I, Gu Immortal Shi Zong of the rockman tribe, am willing to join the four races alliance. From today onwards, the four races shall be united, we shall share fortune and woe together.”


 He then activated his immortal essence, causing some changes in the Earth Mother Altar.


 The smoke that was curling up in the air surged towards Shi Zong, and after coiling around for a dozen breaths, they completely merged into Shi Zong’s body.


 “Adding on information path dao marks! It seems to be an ancient method...” Fang Yuan inwardly pondered.


 Originally, the hairy men were discussing about an alliance with the allied group of snowman and rockman tribes.


 But the matter went unexpectedly smoothly, as both sides were increasingly in agreement with the alliance. The hairy men’s side even took the initiative to mention bringing Inkman City in too.


 After the allied group of snowmen and rockmen understood the details, they agreed to it.


 Long Hair Ancestor and Immortal Yi Yan were publicly known to be bosom friends in history. Long Hair Ancestor left Lang Ya blessed land behind while Immortal Yi Yan founded Inkman City. The inkmen and hairy men from these places thus always had close relations.


 Since the hairy men’s side vouched for the inkmen, the allied rockmen and snowmen tribes also chose to believe them.


 As a result, the discussion between the three sides became one involving four variant human races.


 Finally, the three sides reached a consensus and were willing to form an alliance, sharing hardships together and assisting each other from now on.


 The current scene was a result of that.


 The three sides used an ancient information path method to officially form an alliance.


 Gu Immortals took turns to go forward and accept the effect of the information path dao marks. As such, they became members of the four races alliance.


 Time passed, Fang Yuan gradually understood some of the mechanics.


 “This does not seem to be an orthodox information path method, but instead earth path is used to get the effect of information path. Just like my time path immortal killer move — Hundred Years Harmony.”


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank as he thought of this.


 It was going to be troublesome if he wanted to break this alliance agreement in the future. Because it did not seem likely that he could resolve it using information path. Most probably, it needed to be resolved with earth path methods.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, it’s your turn.” At this time, Twelfth Hair reminded softly from the side in a warm tone.


 Speaking of which, ever since the matter of the falling star hound was resolved and the news of Fang Yuan obtaining an immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle was known, the hairy man Gu Immortals’ attitudes towards Fang Yuan had a complete change, becoming reverential, forming a stark contrast from before.


 Fang Yuan nodded and walked to the front without hesitation, and just like what the rockman Gu Immortal Shi Zong did, he allowed the incense smoke to imprint on his body.


 His every action was being observed by the immortals present on the scene.


 Seeing that he had truly joined the alliance, the group of immortals slightly relaxed, letting go of another layer of worry. The smile on Xue Er became even more lovely.


 Little could they imagine that Fang Yuan was already thinking of how to break the restrictions of the alliance agreement.


 He naturally could not follow along with the aims and mindsets of these variant humans.


 Even entering Lang Ya Sect was to make it more convenient to use Lang Ya blessed land’s strength.


 Similarly, joining this four races alliance was because Fang Yuan was forced by the situation and also because it would be easier for him to borrow the strength of the alliance to help in his cultivation.


 “To truly have me be of the same faction as variant humans and resist humans, that is impossible!”


 “Humans have absolute dominance, even if these four variant human tribes have allied, what can they do?”


 “However, this strength also cannot be underestimated. In my first life, did these four groups really ally?”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts had started to drift as he pondered.


 He did not know the answer to this question.


 In his first life, he had been a rank six blood path Gu Immortal. In matters regarding the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, he did not have enough understanding. Especially these kinds of behind the scenes details, even Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals might not be aware.


 “But I do know there had been no news of these snowman and rockman tribes in my first life, maybe they were annihilated or maybe they were still living, hiding from the world. Lang Ya blessed land had also not established a sect, and was finally destroyed by Heavenly Court. On the contrary, the inkman tribe did surprisingly well.”


 As he thought of this, Fang Yuan sneaked a glance at Mo Tan Sang.


 This person only had rank six cultivation and cultivated qi path. Qi path had much longer history than strength path, but was similarly a declining Gu cultivation path.


 Mo Tan Sang had a middle-aged appearance, he had black skin and thick white hair. He appeared quite dignified when he did not smile, and when he smiled, he gave people a feeling of great closeness.


 “This person is also a formidable character.” Fang Yuan inwardly appraised.


 He remembered that in the five regions chaotic war, this Mo Tan Sang took advantage of the lack of attention paid to him due to the human tribes being too busy in their internal conflicts, to develop rapidly, greatly expanding the inkman forces.


 When the Northern Plains human forces wanted to suppress him, he actually disregarded his dignity as the king and threw himself to Liu tribe. He took a servant’s rite to Liu tribe’s supreme elder and became a servant to him.


 Liu tribe was one of the super forces, thus the inkman forces were protected. The inkman forces grew stably under this layer of protection.


 Later, when Liu tribe weakened, the Inkman King immediately gave up on Liu tribe to collaborate with Ma Hong Yun on equal terms.


 Before Fang Yuan self-detonated, the inkmen had hundreds of cities and occupied one-third of northern plains’ lands. If Fang Yuan were to talk of such a scale and force, no one would believe him.


 In this four races alliance, the inkman tribe was undoubtedly the weakest.


 But in Fang Yuan’s first life, it was the inkmen who were thriving.


 Mo Tan Sang knew when to advance and when to yield, he was a spiritual figure representing the rise of the inkman tribe. At the same time, it was also because of the external environment. In the five regions chaotic war, all order collapsed, opportunities and risks were everywhere.


 As if sensing Fang Yuan’s gaze, Mo Tan Sang turned back to look at Fang Yuan, immediately smiling, expressing sincerity and kindness.


 This kindness was so deep and clear that when he smiled, he was almost bowing, even giving the feeling of some flattery.


 Fang Yuan snorted inwardly, while returning the smile on the surface.


 Mo Tan Sang’s expression changed slightly, showing a feeling of excitement at being recognized by an important person.


 If it were others, they would have probably felt a sense of superiority and smugness at this moment.


 “Truly formidable.” Fang Yuan’s own acting skills were beyond ordinary, but this Mo Tan Sang before him was on par with him.


 “The world is big, experts and talents emerge every generation, I absolutely cannot look down on these champions.” Fang Yuan inwardly reminded himself, his mind remaining cool without any fluctuations.


 Northern Plains’ situation could be described as going through one wave after another.


 The storm of Hei tribe’s collapse and takeover by Bai Zu tribe had yet to settle down. Old Ancestor Xue Hu began refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu, attracting the gazes of the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 And behind their backs, at an unknown, secluded area, four variant human races – hairy men, snowmen, rockmen and inkmen – had quietly formed an alliance.


 Although variant humans were absolutely in a weaker position, this alliance could not be looked down upon. Because it possessed a rank eight battle strength immemorial rock dragon. Of course, in the minds of the other alliance members, there was also Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Fang Yuan was forced to join them.


 But what made him feel slightly at ease was there were no wisdom path Gu Immortal among these four tribes.


 After the alliance was formed, Fang Yuan’s loss was obvious.


 That was, from now on, he could not undergo tribulation in the northern icy plain.


 This no doubt would influence Fang Yuan greatly.


 But he had no choice.


 Undergoing tribulation here meant consuming earth qi, which was the greatest damage to the rockmen’s home. This was the reason why these rockmen and snowmen did not stint on cost to set up the battlefield killer move, grey cloud battle puppet, to kill Fang Yuan.


 But besides loss, Fang Yuan also had gains.


 He cleared the way for trading with the rockman and snowman tribes, letting his monthly earnings reach a new level.


 Leaving aside the snowmen, the main point were the rockmen, their desire towards guts Gu was higher than humans!


 The reason?


 It was obvious, when one considered the time Fang Yuan used guts Gu to increase the population of rockmen in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Guts Gu was the best way to grow and develop rockman tribes.


 Besides this, Fang Yuan also sold some resources he obtained from Hei Fan grotto-heaven to the rockmen, snowmen and inkmen, making great profits, causing Sixth Hair to worry and rage on the inside.


 “Fang Yuan’s gains are so huge! What should I do? How can we restrain him in the future?!”


 It was time to bid farewell!


 “Elder Fang Yuan, you really need to leave so soon? You could stay for another day or two.” Xue Er attempted to persuade Fang Yuan to stay.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, saying with a warm smile: “We have formed an alliance, this matter is too important, I need to personally return to report to Lang Ya land spirit. You can rest assured, I will be back. We can be considered to be friends made from fighting and I feel quite fond of this place.”


 Fang Yuan was interested in the snowman Gu Immortals’ ice and snow path Immortal Gu, as well as their killer moves.


 These two were very suitable for him.


 After all, in terms of dao marks, the highest quantity in his body were currently ice and snow path dao marks.


 As per the relation between him and the snowman tribe currently, along with rank eight battle strength publicly, he could exchange Immortal Gu. But Fang Yuan did not plan to give up any of his Immortal Gu, he had a better plan.


 For instance, some day in the future, when a certain variant human Gu Immortal cannot pass their tribulation and required his time path immortal killer move to slow the time in their immortal aperture.


 At that time, Fang Yuan could take the chance to demand Immortal Gu.


 In the past, Hei Fan did this many times and obtained a sizable number of Immortal Gu.


 Xue Er naturally did not know this handsome young man in front of her was harboring evil intent with his mind full of schemes. She lowered her head as she saw Fang Yuan was intent on leaving, revealing hesitation and a struggling expression.


 But soon, her eyes revealed firm intent as she raised her head and handed an item in her hand to Fang Yuan.


 “Elder Fang Yuan, take this as my farewell gift to you.” Xue Er tried to keep a calm exterior as she spoke, but her voice was still shaking.


 Fang Yuan glanced at the item, it was an ice tear drop!



***
Chapter 1147 - Making Chu Du Change Sides?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ice tears were not an immortal material but was still precious, widely loved by both Gu Masters and Gu Immortals.


 Ice tears originated from snowmen.


 Snowmen survived in icy environments. Snowmen normally did not cry or laugh, so their tears were very rare. The majority of the snowmen would never experience crying from joy or pain in their lives. But if they shed tears, the tears would immediately condense into ice tears.


 Snowmen could shed tears at most three times in their lives and the number would not surpass sixty drops. Every time they shed tears, the snowman’s lifespan and life essence would decrease by a huge amount. If the snowman shed too many tears, they would rapidly age, quickening their death.


 So ice tears were rare as well.


 Transactions of ice tears had always been flourishing in treasure yellow heaven. Long ago, Xue Song Zi had particularly engaged in selling snowmen, supplying them to other Gu Immortals to torment and get the ice tears.


 As far as human Gu Immortals were concerned, ice tears were a precious Gu refinement material.


 But to snowmen, ice tears had another significant meaning.


 That was — a token of love!


 That’s right!


 Snowmen, this race had male and female genders, unlike rockmen who were purely male.


 During the marriage of snowmen, they would often exchange ice tears. This action had extremely huge meaning to snowmen.


 “This is an ice tear.” Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened, holding it in front of his eyes and making detailed observation.


 “Don’t, don’t look at it like that, quickly place it down...” Xue Er’s voice was soft and anxious. There were many people present, holding the ice tear like that in public was sure to be noticed!


 Sure enough, the next moment, Xue Er heard those Gu Immortals’ surprised sounds.


 Xue Er quickly lowered her head, her face flushing red with shyness.


 She handed the ice tear to Fang Yuan, which was as good as expressing her love. Although she had mustered her courage before, now that so many people were looking at her, she was truly, truly embarrassed!


 “Speaking of it, I have heard of this strange Gu material long ago. I have now finally seen it personally. Thank you Xue Er, this gift is pretty good. Maybe I should refine it into some Gu worm?” Fang Yuan cheerfully spoke.


 Xue Er’s body visibly shook.


 Fang Yuan turned a blind eye to it, continuing: “But a drop of ice tear is still too little, it would be good if there were some more. Why are there no transactions of ice tears? It is truly regretful.”


 As Xue Er listened, the shy redness in her face had already dissipated, replaced by pale white. Her head was lowered even more, her sight turning blurry as tears started to form in them.


 “This, this fool!” Bing Zhuo could not see it continue, as he inwardly cursed and walked over.


 The other variant human Gu Immortals were tongue-tied, not knowing what to say.


 Xue Er suddenly raised her head, her back facing Fang Yuan as she called out to Bing Zhuo: “Brother Bing Zhuo!”


 Bing Zhuo gritted his teeth, an intense pity rose up in his heart as he saw Xue Er’s pale white expression. He knew Xue Er was shy, it had already taken a lot of her courage to hand over the ice tear just now, maybe she had also felt an impulsive urge in her mind. Fang Yuan did not know the meaning of the ice tear, if he criticized Fang Yuan now in front of everyone, would it not put Xue Er in an even more embarrassing situation?


 Thinking of this, Bing Zhuo could only swallow the words that were in his mouth, saying something else: “Elder Fang Yuan, I had many gains from battling you. Next time, we should spar properly again!”


 When he mentioned sparring, he intentionally made his voice heavier, along with some gnashing noise.


 Xue Er was young and beautiful, her talent was outstanding and her cultivation was high, she had all along been receiving the attention and favor of the tribe. It was just that there was no man in the same generation worthy of her.


 This time, she felt feelings for Fang Yuan, although he was a human Gu Immortal, the snowman Gu Immortals felt they could accept him.


 Rockmen had their Earth Mother, could our snowmen not have a Snow Father?


 If Xue Er could marry Fang Yuan, the snowman tribe would possess the backing of an immemorial desolate beast.


 But who could have thought Fang Yuan to not be aware of the tradition of these variant humans, treating the ice tear as a common Gu material, making the whole situation awkward. Even Xue Er was put on the spot.


 Fang Yuan smiled and patted Bing Zhuo’s shoulder: “Alright, I promise you if there is an opportunity in the future, we will spar again. Okay, everyone, I am taking my leave. No need to send me off, we shall meet again in the future. Hahaha.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily and walked away. Adorned in a white robe with long black hair, he looked handsome and extremely carefree.


 Xue Er’s gaze even turned somewhat dazed.


 Bing Zhuo, however, gnashed his teeth, wanting nothing more than to chop this kid Fang Yuan into pieces.


 “This can’t do! When he has gone far enough, I need to send him a letter, telling him the meaning of the ice tear properly!”


 The journey back to Lang Ya blessed land was smooth and without any obstacles.


 Seeing Lang Ya land spirit again, the attitude of the first supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect towards Fang Yuan had underwent a huge change.


 “You truly inherited Hei Fan’s true inheritance? You possess methods to slow the time of an immortal aperture? Also, you actually have an immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle, quickly take it out!” Lang Ya land spirit excitedly asked.


 Fang Yuan shook his head bitterly, and took out the corpse of the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Lang Ya land spirit was stunned on the spot.


 Fang Yuan informed Lang Ya land spirit of the whole event.


 “A grand immemorial desolate beast was actually starved to death by you?! You... but fortunately, you still have the egg, that’s good, that’s good, the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s special point is this.”


 Lang Ya land spirit came back to his senses, and looked at Fang Yuan with a burning gaze: “Sell this upper extreme heavenly eagle’s egg to me, we can make a deal!”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “I can sell this egg!”


 Lang Ya land spirit was joyous.


 Fang Yuan continued: “But I am afraid you don’t have any heavenly crystals to raise it. Even treasure yellow heaven has very few transactions of heavenly crystals.”


 “Naturally. Heavenly crystals can only be produced in grotto-heavens or the immemorial nine heavens. This is a very precious and rare rank eight immortal material! Right now, only black heaven and white heaven remain from the immemorial nine heavens while the number of rank eight Gu Immortals have always been few. Moreover, among these rank eight Gu Immortals, some are unable to produce heavenly crystals.”


 As he spoke until here, Lang Ya land spirit shifted his words: “But you don’t have to worry about this. My Lang Ya blessed land was once Lang Ya grotto-heaven, it had once produced heavenly crystals, besides this, in the past, my main body had also hoarded a large batch of heavenly crystals from the immemorial nine heavens.”


 “Ah, since that is the case, I can rest at ease. I will sell it to you.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed heartily: “Fang Yuan, since you are one of us, I absolutely won’t let you suffer a loss. Luck path true inheritance, Thieving Heaven true inheritance or Long Hair true inheritance, choose as you please.”


 Fang Yuan’s tone sank: “What? I am not too interested in these things. Moreover, isn’t this price somewhat low to exchange for a rank eight battle strength?”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s smile stiffened, he thought for a bit and nodded: “It is indeed so. Then... how about exchanging with my Luo Po Valley?”


 Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were secluded domains of heaven and earth, unique in the whole world. But compared to rank eight battle strength, Lang Ya land spirit would not hesitate to give up on the former and choose the latter!


 “Price is too low, not selling, not selling.” Fang Yuan refused.


 Lang Ya land spirit scratched his head: “How about this, I am willing to give up Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus as well as the incomplete Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron in exchange for your upper extreme heavenly eagle!”


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped but he still shook his head: “It is still not enough, not selling.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was furious: “Then give me a price, how much will you sell it for?”


 Fang Yuan smiled, emphasizing: “This is of rank eight battle strength!”


 Lang Ya land spirit naturally was not foolish, as he retorted: “It is indeed of rank eight battle strength, but it needs to be fed. Do you have heavenly crystals? Also, even if you raise the upper extreme heavenly eagle, will it listen to you? To tell you the truth, you were really lucky this time, starving the upper extreme heavenly eagle to death. If not for this, according to my understanding, this upper extreme heavenly eagle only needs to have some strength left to directly crush you, an ant who tried to enslave it, to death.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “If so I am willing to use sect contribution points to exchange for heavenly crystals to raise the upper extreme heavenly eagle. Anyway, I am a supreme elder of Lang Ya Sect and also one of the members of the four races alliance. In the future, if the sect needs me, I will naturally appear.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was stumped, pondering upon it before he pointed at Fang Yuan’s nose and scolded: “Good brat! You had no intent to sell it in the first place and were just making things difficult for me!”


 Fang Yuan immediately showed a serious expression, speaking earnestly: “How could I easily give up a rank eight battle strength? But making things difficult for first supreme elder, how could I have such thoughts! It is just that the price is indeed too low.”


 As he said this, he suddenly thought of another intention of Hei Fan.


 Even if Hei Fan’s true inheritance was inherited by one of the Gu Immortals in the grotto-heaven, Hei Fan had left the upper extreme heavenly eagle in Iron Eagle blessed land.


 With this immemorial desolate beast, even if there was not an inheritor, it would be an extremely huge gain to the tribe!


 Lang Ya land spirit sighed, knowing well that Fang Yuan was not wrong, so he stopped persisting on buying.


 On one hand, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had already become an egg, making him greatly disappointed. On the other hand, Fang Yuan was not only bound by Lang Ya’s alliance agreement, he had also joined the four races alliance, which put Lang Ya land spirit at ease. Finally, he, more or less, knew Fang Yuan’s nature.


 “Such an ambitious and audacious guy like you absolutely won’t easily give up on a rank eight battle strength! But if you want to use sect contribution points to exchange for Lang Ya Sect’s heavenly crystals, it won’t be easy! Heavenly crystals are rank eight immortal materials, the contribution points you have are many, but you would still not be able to afford them.” Lang Ya land spirit’s mood became better as he said this.


 With heavenly crystals at hand, he could entice Fang Yuan to work for Lang Ya Sect.


 By now, Lang Ya land spirit had no choice but to admit Fang Yuan was strong and resourceful, much more useful than other hairy man Gu Immortals!


 “Then I will exchange for some first. We can slowly go about this.” Fang Yuan intentionally revealed a distressed expression.


 Fang Yuan’s current sect contribution points were indeed a lot.


 He had solved the matter with the falling star hound, earning a thousand sect contribution points at once. And this time, he had discovered the allied tribes of snowmen and rockmen, and succeeded in spurring the four races alliance, the sect contribution points for this were also nearly a thousand!


 As such, Fang Yuan’s Lang Ya Sect contribution points numbered over two thousand points.


 But calculating it, two thousand contribution points were still too little to exchange for the rank eight immortal material, heavenly crystals.


 At this moment, Lang Ya land spirit suggested another mission for Fang Yuan: “Aren’t you familiar with Domination Immortal Chu Du? Rope him in to our Lang Ya Sect, make him rebel against the humans and become one of us. I can give you another thousand sect contribution points if you do this!”



***
Chapter 1148 - Temporary Rest


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense was roaming in treasure yellow heaven.


 “Oh?” His divine sense stopped for a moment.


 A Gu Immortal’s will was at the side, with a mountain of goods behind him.


 “These are all slippery soil?” Fang Yuan took the initiative and asked.


 Han Yu’s Gu Immortal will awakened from slumber, seeing a customer, he quickly said: “These are all slippery soil!”


 After reporting the price, he asked: “Sir, how much are you buying?”


 Slippery soil was a type of rank five material, the soil was very fertile.


 Fang Yuan nodded mentally, this was a very appropriate price, it was even lower than the normal market price. He needed this soil anyway, he said: “I’ll take them all.”


 Han Yu’s will shook: “Everything? I have a huge stock.”


 Fang Yuan confirmed: “Yes, everything. Two hundred and two immortal essence stones, that is the price, right?”


 Han Yu’s will quickly nodded: “Yes, yes.”


 Inside treasure yellow heaven, any form of goods would have treasure light emitting from them.


 Fang Yuan could estimate the price by looking at the treasure light and the goods themselves.


 He was a wisdom path grandmaster, after all.


 “Let’s trade.” Fang Yuan said quickly.


 “Alright, alright.” Han Yu’s will quickly nodded and responded.


 The situation was out of his expectations.


 He was only a rank six Gu Immortal who had passed one heavenly tribulation, he was trying hard in developing his blessed land. He wanted to sell the slippery soil in his blessed land, and because of his past experiences, he even lowered the price by a little, to think that it was going to be sold out so quickly!


 This was great news to him.


 Han Yu’s will carried two hundred and two immortal essence stones, the entire will’s body was shaking, he was very excited.


 “In my previous life, I was just like this.” Fang Yuan saw this and sighed internally.


 Han Yu was the norm among most rank six Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan, during his previous life, had even been inferior, because he was a blood path Gu Immortal.


 But it was different now!


 Just the guts Gu trade, which was a monopoly, was bringing him immense profits.


 After taking the resources of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan’s own wealth had reached an unprecedented level. Not just two hundred immortal essence stones, he could take out two thousand without batting an eyelid.


 All in all, Fang Yuan’s financial situation was quite good now.


 After buying the slippery soil, Fang Yuan moved his divine sense around and went to buy several types of soil.


 After reaching his goal, Fang Yuan withdrew his divine sense and brought the soils back to the sovereign immortal aperture.


 He controlled the strength path immortal zombies, they scattered the soils into different areas of Mini Southern Border in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The scenery in Mini Southern Border had already drastically changed.


 Forests were everywhere, causing greenery to overwhelm the lands. Tall ancient trees and pine trees, the straight cottonwood, the short shrubs, and an uncountable number of grass and flowers made Mini Southern Border vivid and full of life all of a sudden.


 These were just ordinary plants, there were lots of high grade resources mixed in among them.


 Like the musical trees, they were in the greatest quantity!


 This type of tree had curvy branches, they were quite unique. There were birds on the branches, mostly qi death birds, they had distinct calls and chirped loudly.


 Originally, Mini Southern Border was completely empty, but it was quite lively now.


 Other than birds, there were lots of deer, squirrels, monkeys, snakes, tigers, and other animals, they formed into a proper ecological cycle.


 Originally, Mini Southern Border only had a few mounds.


 But now, there were more than ten mountains here.


 These mountains were all moved in by Fang Yuan from Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals could not move mountains, but his pulling mountain Immortal Gu could be used for this.


 Right now, among the mountains, the tallest one was Immortal Succession Mountain.


 The stone pavilions were still on the mountain, Fang Yuan did not remove them, but the inheritances inside were all taken away.


 After a long time, Fang Yuan finally finished controlling all of the immortal zombies to scatter the soil at their proper locations.


 Fang Yuan observed for a while, before stopping in satisfaction.


 “With these soils, these plants would be able to grow well for some time.”


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had few earth path dao marks, the space was also very big, it had five regions and nine heavens, Mini Southern Border could not have many earth path dao marks after they were distributed.


 With few earth path dao marks, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture would not have mountains forming, the soil would not be thick or fertile.


 The vegetation in Mini Southern Border was almost completely from Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, these plants and trees were growing well, they were dense and green.


 But after moving into Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, because of the sparse earth path dao marks, they were drying out, and appeared to be lacking nutrients.


 Fang Yuan could only buy lots of fertile soil, like slippery soil, to scatter them in Mini Southern Border, resolving the problem.


 “But this does not solve the underlying issue!”


 “These different soils will turn into ordinary soil after some time, the earth path dao marks in them would dissipate.”


 These soils were just mortal Gu materials, they had fragmented earth path dao marks in them. After the grass and trees absorb the nutrients, these scattered earth path dao marks would mostly vanish.


 “Only by undergoing tribulation or absorbing the dao marks of an earth path Gu Immortal, to increase the earth path dao marks in the immortal aperture, can I resolve the problem.” Fang Yuan knew this clearly.


 Fang Yuan could not undergo the fifth earthly calamity in the northern icy plain anymore. This time, he could choose to go Southern Border, or any place with rich earth path dao marks for his tribulation, hoping to encounter an earth path earthly calamity.


 Once he encountered an earth path earthly calamity, after going through it, Fang Yuan’s problem would be alleviated.


 As for killing an earth path Gu Immortal to absorb their dao marks, it was not easy.


 Earth path Gu Immortals with low cultivation level did not have many earth path dao marks. And those with high cultivation level were too strong, there was too great of a risk for Fang Yuan to deal with them.


 Until now, Fang Yuan had already gone through four earthly calamities.


 The first was the snow monster calamity, there were iron crown eagles, ruin bats and others. The second was the wind flowers and snow moons calamity, the third was the spring dawn jade orioles and giant disaster blazing trees, the fourth was the profound white flying salt calamity.


 Because the sovereign immortal aperture surpassed the ten extreme physiques combined, heaven’s will was wary of it, during each earthly calamity, it would increase the strength of the earthly calamity to the greatest limit allowed.


 Earthly calamities of such difficulty greatly surpassed other Gu Immortals, by several or even over a dozen times.


 Thus, Fang Yuan also made incredible gains, he obtained more than a dozen times the dao marks each tribulation!


 As a result, Fang Yuan had the highest number of ice and snow path dao marks, followed by transformation path, strength path, qi path, rule path, there were also some from luck path, blood path, and others.


 The entire sovereign immortal aperture had improved drastically after obtaining Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s resources.


 Because the space was huge, at the moment, only Mini Southern Border was quite lively, even though the other areas had some resources, they did not have such a complete ecosystem as Mini Southern Border.


 There were many desolate beasts, giant horned sheep, shark fin wolves, dragonfish, eagle hounds and others. In terms of ancient desolate beasts, he had remnant heavenly dogs and a falling star hound (infant). He also had an immemorial desolate beast, that was the upper extreme heavenly eagle, but it had turned into an egg already.


 There were some desolate plants too, he even had an ancient desolate plant, that was the walking meat tree.


 All in all, Fang Yuan’s accumulated resources currently matched Gu Immortals at the peak of rank seven. Chu Du was probably similar to Fang Yuan now. As for Feng Jiu Ge, he was heavily nurtured by a super force, Fang Yuan was still inferior to him.


 After scattering the soil, Fang Yuan’s concentration returned to soul searching the captive Gu Immortals’ souls.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture had many Gu Immortal captives, in fact.


 There were many Gu Immortal souls.


 The focus of his soul search this time was on the nine Gu Immortal souls in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Feng Jun’s luck path true inheritance and Chen Le’s concealment method were quite impressive, Fang Yuan was interested in them.


 “You are not Hei Cheng! Who are you?”


 “You unscrupulous scoundrel, kill me if you dare!”


 “Spare me, please spare me, as long as you resurrect me, I will be your most loyal servant!”


 Among these Gu Immortal souls, some questioned him, some cursed him and wanted to die, while some wanted to survive.


 Fang Yuan did not conceal himself as Hei Cheng anymore, after all, familiar face also needed to consume immortal essence, and attitude Gu needed to use his mental energy.


 Towards these Gu Immortals’ cries, Fang Yuan ignored them, he soul searched them without pause.


 Every day, he would soul search them for a period of time.


 “In about three days, I will be done searching the memories of these souls, I would know everything about them.”


 After his soul searching, Fang Yuan collated his gains, retracting his mind.


 He left the cloud city, moving towards Luo Po Valley.


 There, his soul went out of his body, as he underwent tough soul path cultivation.


 Fang Yuan had already used Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley for some time, his soul foundation had already reached dozens of times as before!


 However, he was still not confident of placing his soul into his original body.


 “This problem is the most troublesome.”


 “Even if my soul foundation increases, it is still hard to avoid Shadow Sect’s possible hidden methods.”


 “Who knows, Ying Wu Xie’s arrangements might become stronger if my soul has greater foundation. Perhaps the stronger my soul, the deeper Shadow Sect’s trap.”


 “Ying Wu Xie knows I have Luo Po Valley and Dang Hun Mountain, when setting the trap, there is no way he did not consider these details.”


 His daily soul cultivation ended, Fang Yuan’s soul returned to his body, he stood up shakily.


 He had a grim expression.


 As long as he could use wisdom Gu, his strength would increase at an explosive rate!


 Many development problems he was facing now were related to wisdom Gu.


 As long as he could use wisdom Gu, many problems would be resolved instantly.


 “I have wisdom Gu, and the strength path immortal zombie body, I just need that final key!” Fang Yuan mentally sighed helplessly.


 Just like this, Fang Yuan stayed in Lang Ya blessed land for seven days.


 He cultivated unceasingly, he did not relax for even a minute.


 His soul foundation grew again, he completely searched the souls of the nine Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan also used half of his Lang Ya Sect contribution points to trade for some heavenly crystals and even put up some Gu refinement missions.


 Self will Gu, year Gu, month Gu, day Gu, as well as all the other mortal Gu, he needed a huge quantity of them.


 He would rather spend sect contribution points to get these mortal Gu, getting the hairy man Gu Masters and Gu Immortals to refine them for him. This could save him a lot of time and energy.


 Seven days later, he left Lang Ya blessed land, heading for Eastern Sea!



***
Chapter 1149 - Desiring the Information Path Inheritance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The great winds blew, carrying the salty flavor of the sea water.


 Fang Yuan sat on top of a cloud, he traveled quickly while splitting his attention towards the information path mortal Gu in his hand.


 This mortal Gu was from Bing Zhuo.


 The snowman Gu Immortal who dual wielded spears and was skilled at close combat, he told Fang Yuan in the letter: the ice tear had significant meaning to the snowman tribe, it was not just a Gu refinement material, it was the token of one’s love.


 “Hmph.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he crushed that information path mortal Gu in his hands.


 Pure white clouds carried him on his journey. The wind caused his hair to flutter in the sky, he had a fair face like jade, he was extremely handsome, almost enchanting, his dark abyss-like eyes looked down at the deep blue sea, showing traces of cold flickering light.


 How could Fang Yuan not know about the meaning of the ice tear to the snowmen?


 Don’t forget, he was someone who had lived for five hundred years, even though his cultivation level was not high, his knowledge was definitely vast.


 Not just the ice tear, Fang Yuan had deep knowledge regarding the wine culture of variant humans.


 During the earlier banquet, Sixth Hair accused Fang Yuan of not knowing about the variant human drinking culture. In fact, Fang Yuan was just pretending to not know, he was probing the attitude of the snowmen and rockmen.


 Sometimes, acting ignorant allows someone to have more options.


 The matter of the ice tear was like this. Fang Yuan pretended to be unaware, but he knew it clearly on the inside.


 Accepting the ice tear was accepting Xue Er’s love. But if he did not accept it, he would ruin the cooperative relationship between himself and the snowmen and rockmen.


 Getting together with Xue Er?


 The disadvantages were greater than the advantages!


 The snowman tribe was after Fang Yuan’s rank eight battle strength, from the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Disregarding how much benefits Fang Yuan could gain from the snowman tribe, just this point alone, he could not fulfill it.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle had already become an egg.


 Even though Fang Yuan spent a portion of his Lang Ya Sect contribution points to get some heavenly crystals, the amount was not enough. He could not hatch the upper extreme heavenly eagle egg yet.


 “Marrying Xue Er would tie me closely to the snowman tribe. We would be sure to establish a marriage agreement. Right now, I already have Lang Ya Sect’s agreement and Chu Du’s alliance agreement, there is also the alliance agreement of the four races, my freedom is greatly limited now. If I add in the marriage agreement, aren’t I just finding problems for myself?”


 While Fang Yuan benefited from these alliance agreements, he also had to undergo missions for them in return.


 For example, if Lang Ya blessed land was attacked by enemies, Fang Yuan would have to reinforce them and fight to his death if needed.


 Lang Ya land spirit followed the rules, because the land spirit was not crafty like humans, it followed the rules of Lang Ya Sect closely and did not restrict Fang Yuan.


 But the snowman tribe was different.


 They were variant humans, their intelligence was lower than humans. But after being suppressed for so many years, and living pitifully in the northern icy plain, the immense pressure for survival had honed their strong battle strength and keen perception.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to marry a snowman, the snowman tribe would do everything they could to squeeze out Fang Yuan’s value!


 By then, Fang Yuan would unable to help himself.


 “The snowmen and rockmen live under the northern icy plain. The rockmen have the immemorial rock dragon, it has rank eight battle strength, but the snowmen do not. Thus, they want me to marry Xue Er, so that they can also have rank eight battle strength and contest evenly with the rockman tribe.”


 Do not look at how cohesive the rockmen and snowmen were when attending to Fang Yuan.


 Were they really living in such harmony?


 The two sides were living under the icy plain, sharing a tiny area together, how could there not be conflicts? They were two different races after all.


 But because of the big picture, they maintained reason and tolerated each other.


 One could imagine that the rockman tribe with the immemorial rock dragon would usually win when there were conflicts. The snowmen must have suffered many losses, but they endured it all along.


 The rockman tribe had greater status after all.


 This could be seen from many small details during the alliance.


 For example, the Gu Immortal Shi Zong usually was the first to speak, instead of the snowman Gu Immortals.


 “If I marry Xue Er, no, even if I just accept her feelings, it would mean that I am siding with the snowmen. Unavoidably, I would be involved in the conflict between both the rockmen and snowmen.”


 Once there were internal conflicts, Xue Er would find Fang Yuan and hope that he would mediate their conflicts, as an ally, he could not reject them.


 But the rockman tribe gave Fang Yuan more benefits.


 After all, they were trading guts Gu.


 How could Fang Yuan ruin his relationship with the rockmen just because of a woman, and cause his gains to be smaller?


 These last days, not just Bing Zhuo’s letter, he had also obtain letters from other inkman, snowman, and rockman Gu Immortals.


 Including Xue Er.


 Their intent was to rope in Fang Yuan.


 Rank eight battle strength was simply too alluring!


 The reason why Fang Yuan left Northern Plains and went to Eastern Sea was to avoid these Gu Immortals. It also meant that he could avoid many problems in the future.


 “I am purely making use of these variant humans. But our relationship is uncontrollably deepening. Once any mishaps happen, I will die along with them. I need to leave and gain freedom, so that I can retreat with ease.” Fang Yuan was well aware of the situation.


 Furthermore, Lang Ya land spirit was showing the intention of recruiting Chu Du, this made Fang Yuan feel great threat.


 Should Chu Du join, it would greatly affect Fang Yuan’s status in Lang Ya Sect.


 The reason why Lang Ya land spirit wanted to recruit Chu Du was also worth considering.


 Even though Lang Ya land spirit gave him this mission, Fang Yuan decided to stall it. He was not going to be so stupid as to wholeheartedly try recruiting Chu Du.


 “Eastern Sea information path inheritance...” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 This was one of the reasons why he was in Eastern Sea.


 If Fang Yuan could obtain a method from this information path inheritance to get rid of the restrictions of the alliance agreements, that would be best.


 Fang Yuan would gain the complete initiative within his alliances.


 However, this information path inheritance was only his secondary objective, Fang Yuan had another primary goal.


 Several days later.


 Eastern Sea, turbulent flow sea area.


 “Spare me, I surrender!” Liu Qing Yu was kneeling on the ground, he was covered in injuries, he had no will to fight.


 He was a rank seven lone immortal, he even collaborated with with three rank six comrades just now.


 To think that they would be ambushed in this turbulent flow sea area, the three rank six Gu Immortals that he invited were already dead.


 Their enemies were four mysterious Gu Immortals.


 Liu Qing Yu was considerably knowledgeable, but he had never heard of these four strong experts in the entire Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world!


 These four were all very unique.


 The one with the highest cultivation level had rank seven aura, but he was a rockman Gu Immortal.


 The other three were rank six Gu Immortals, one was a beautiful and bold female immortal, one was a kindly old man, and one was an ordinary looking immortal zombie.


 No matter which one, they were formidable Gu Immortal experts. But the strange thing to Liu Qing Yu was, their leader was not the rockman Gu Immortal or the bold female immortal or the old man, it was the ordinary rank six immortal zombie!


 “Oh? Surrendering, hehe, you know your place.” The rank six immortal zombie rubbed his chin, saying as he chuckled.


 If Fang Yuan were here, he would know who this person was.


 That’s right, it was Ying Wu Xie!


 “Hmph, a spineless coward, no wonder he was not my match. We should kill him and give Shi Nu some earth path dao marks.” Hei Lou Lan was covered in orange flames.


 The rockman Gu Immortal Shi Nu had no expression, he looked at Ying Wu Xie as he said slowly: “I will listen to master.”


 “No, no!” Liu Qing Yu quickly shouted, he had a frantic and helpless expression: “Even though I am a rank seven Gu Immortal, my Immortal Gu are only rank six. However, fairy, you have rank seven Immortal Gu and even so many fire path killer moves, it was no wonder I could not defeat you!”


 Ying Wu Xie laughed, waving his hand: “Right now, my Shadow Sect needs members, I will give you a chance to live. Do not resist, I will use an immortal killer move to make the alliance agreement!”


 “Thank you lord for sparing my life, thank you lord for sparing my life!” Liu Qing Yu was overjoyed, he was crying as he kowtowed continuously.


 Ying Wu Xie’s alliance agreement was extremely strict. But Liu Qing Yu wanted to survive, everything else was secondary.


 “It is a soul path method indeed...” Hei Lou Lan observed on the side, Ying Wu Xie used a soul path method to achieve the effects of information path. It was like Fang Yuan’s hundred years harmony, it could unleash the effects of another path.


 “From now on, you are a member of Shadow Sect, get up.” After making the alliance agreement, Ying Wu Xie smiled.


 “Lord, I am willing to offer my Immortal Gu.” Liu Qing Yu did not get up, he held his two rank six Immortal Gu above his head.


 Ying Wu Xie laughed: “I do not care for these two Immortal Gu, you can keep them, in the future, if you perform well, I can grant you rank seven Immortal Gu or even true inheritances, that is not a problem.”


 “Thank you, lord, for your kindness!” Liu Qing Yu was overjoyed with tears.


 “Speaking of which, this place is so remote, and there are many islands around us, why are you here at this island?” Ying Wu Xie asked, he was suspicious that his movements were exposed.


 Liu Qing Yu heard this and smiled bitterly: “Lord, this is all a misunderstanding. I was just trying to find a place to rest. Sigh, I will have to explain from the start. In this turbulent flow sea area, I found the clues to an information path true inheritance...”


 It turned out that back then, Liu Qing Yu chased after the blood path demonic immortal, wanting to get his information path inheritance clues. In the end, he killed this person and had no gains, the two other rank seven Gu Immortals became suspicious of him instead.


 Thinking about it, he felt that Fang Yuan was the most suspicious, the information path true inheritance clues were likely in his hands.


 Liu Qing Yu could not let it go, he brought a group of Gu Immortals and entered turbulent flow sea area secretly, attempting to find the clues or wait for Fang Yuan to arrive.


 After hearing Liu Qing Yu’s story, Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie, and the others smiled.


 This Liu Qing Yu was simply too unlucky.


 He wanted to find a place to rest, but he ended up going towards Shadow Sect’s secret base instead.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression suddenly changed: “Wait, the Gu Immortal who you were suspicious of earlier, what was his appearance?”



***
Chapter 1150 - Turbulent Flow Sea Battle (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Liu Qing Yu repeated his words from before.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression turned grim very quickly.


 Fang Yuan had used familiar face when traveling from Southern Border to Northern Plains, he had concealed his appearance. But familiar face could not conceal Immortal Gu effects or immortal killer moves.


 When he was in Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan had fought with Liu Qing Yu, Tang Song, and Zhou Li, he unavoidably revealed some methods.


 Even though Ying Wu Xie did not know Fang Yuan’s appearance at that time, from Liu Qing Yu’s description, he felt a sense of familiarity.


 Following his intuition, he probed, and Liu Qing Yu described this opponent in greater detail.


 “Flying sword Immortal Gu, sword escape Immortal Gu...” Ying Wu Xie thought to himself.


 “Looking at the timing, it matched perfectly.” Ying Wu Xie felt that the Gu Immortal who Liu Qing Yu fought was very likely to be Fang Yuan!


 “It is quite coincidental, I actually got information about Fang Yuan like this. Hehe, heaven’s will!” Ying Wu Xie raised his head, looking at the sky.


 The turbulent flow sea area’s sky was covered in clouds and fog the entire time.


 At this moment, Ying Wu Xie could feel that beyond these clouds, heaven’s will was looking at him closely!


 For heaven’s will, be it Fang Yuan, who has the sovereign immortal aperture, or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who is attempting to defy fate by reviving and reaching the apex again, they were targets to suppress and eliminate.


 Of course, in the past, Spectral Soul was the biggest target, but now, Fang Yuan was the one who attracted its attention the most.


 But currently, heaven’s will was making an arrangement, attempting to lure Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie together, so that they would fight each other. This was a method that killed two birds with one stone, it was a plan that saved a lot of effort.


 Ying Wu Xie assessed this as he transmitted secretly to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was slightly dazed.


 She did not find anything wrong earlier because she was not familiar with Flying Sword and Sword Escape.


 After reacting, she was a little shocked.


 “Ying Wu Xie discovered something so significant, he is actually discussing with me?”


 But soon, Hei Lou Lan realized, if she were in Ying Wu Xie’s position, she would do the same thing herself to analyze the situation.


 Until now, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still kept in the dark, Shi Nu had absolute loyalty but he was a variant human, he could not think as flexibly.


 She herself had the Shadow Sect alliance agreement, she was bound to Ying Wu Xie, she had no choice but to plot together with him.


 “Dealing with Fang Yuan...” Hei Lou Lan had complex emotions.


 She had a rather complex relationship with Fang Yuan.


 They were enemies at first, before becoming allies, but now with a twist of fate, they were enemies again!


 Even Hei Lou Lan had to admit it herself, Fang Yuan was a huge help and had great influence on her.


 But soon, Hei Lou Lan calmed down and transmitted: “Your analysis makes sense, but you only guessed Fang Yuan’s identity, how can you be sure he will come here? Just because of the information path true inheritance? Not only is the information path inheritance’s crucial clue gone, even if he obtained it, what does that have to do with us? He might not come here and encounter us.”


 Ying Wu Xie smiled coldly: “That is because you don’t understand heaven’s will. Earlier, to obstruct Fang Yuan, heaven’s will made a plan, that was to lure Fang Yuan with the information path true inheritance. But Fang Yuan is crafty and vigilant, he did not fall into the trap. He went to Northern Plains without stopping, this was a wise decision. Heaven’s will’s arrangements inside the turbulent flow sea area were completely wasted.”


 Ying Wu Xie’s understanding was a little off.


 The truth was, Fang Yuan did not sense the information path true inheritance’s clues back then. After all, the clue was concealed in flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Of course, even if Fang Yuan found them, with his personality, it would not have slowed down his return to Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Right now, Fang Yuan obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance and has gained immense strength. But he is in Lang Ya Sect, and has recently been added to the four races alliance, he also has an alliance agreement with Chu Du, he has huge needs in the information path aspect. Thus, he is likely to come here, following the true inheritance’s clues to obtain this information path inheritance.” Ying Wu Xie continued.


 Undoubtedly, suffering and setbacks were of value in life.


 Ying Wu Xie had gone through many difficulties, his mind was sharper and more vigilant now, he had the demeanor of an expert.


 Hei Lou Lan was quite familiar with Fang Yuan’s situation.


 The intel that Fang Yuan had exposed reached Ying Wu Xie through Sixth Hair.


 In order to draw out Hei Lou Lan’s hatred towards Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie had told her a portion of the information.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes burst out with brilliance, she had an understanding: “You mean to say, Liu Qing Yu is a reminder to us from heaven’s will?”


 “That’s right. Liu Qing Yu might have chosen this place by coincidence, but he was actually subconsciously influenced by heaven’s will. He purposely chose our island, it is too much of a coincidence. Heaven’s will probably thinks that the trap earlier can no longer affect Fang Yuan, who has gotten much stronger, thus, it wants to make use of us to deal with Fang Yuan!” Ying Wu Xie looked at the sky, showing a cold smile.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Shadow Sect had opposed heaven’s will for so many years, Ying Wu Xie was naturally aware about heaven’s will’s goals and schemes.


 “Then, we can use this chance to ambush Fang Yuan. Aren’t you trying to get back the sovereign immortal body?” Hei Lou Lan transmitted.


 Ying Wu Xie turned around, looking at Hei Lou Lan.


 The two were secretly transmitting to each other. They did not talk for long, the other three immortals only saw Ying Wu Xie looking at the sky for a while, before he turned around and walked back.


 Ying Wu Xie did not speak, he took huge steps, leading the way.


 Behind him, Shi Nu, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Hei Lou Lan followed after.


 “Ah.” Liu Qing Yu who was kneeling on the ground was dazed, he quickly got up and followed behind them closely.


 “Hei Lou Lan.” Ying Wu Xie suddenly transmitted: “If we can capture Fang Yuan this time, I will grant you freedom.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s body and mind shook!


 But soon, she reacted, replying: “Only a child would be fooled by that, would you willingly let go of my battle strength?”


 “Hahaha, you truly know me well, Lou Lan.” Ying Wu Xie laughed, admitting it openly.


 “How will you deal with Fang Yuan? He has rank eight battle strength.” Hei Lou Lan asked.


 Ying Wu Xie’s smile faded, he sighed, Hei Lou Lan could hear the helplessness in his tone.


 Next, she heard Ying Wu Xie: “I am not going to deal with him, the immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle is very hard to deal with.”


 “No, we can. If we use that secluded domain of heaven and earth, can’t we succeed?” Hei Lou Lan asked.


 “You really want him to die? I remember that you have gone through thick and thin before.”


 “Hmph, every man for himself, if he dies or is defeated, there are only advantages to me, there are no disadvantages.” Hei Lou Lan showed a cold killing intent.


 Ying Wu Xie rejected this alluring suggestion: “Even if we use that place, my goal cannot be achieved. I need to capture Fang Yuan alive, the material needs to be fresh. If we use that place, we can only make the upper extreme heavenly eagle lose its threat temporarily.”


 “Furthermore, even if we could, I would not do it.” Ying Wu Xie smiled.


 Hei Lou Lan: “Why?”


 “Not considering the big picture is simply shortsighted. Like how Fang Yuan did not take the information path inheritance earlier, as long as we save my main body, we will have a great advantage. My memories are limited, if we fight with Fang Yuan now, we will be falling into heaven’s will’s trap. We will leave Eastern Sea! However... before leaving, we can leave behind some arrangements as a present for Fang Yuan. Hehehe.” Ying Wu Xie transmitted a laugh.


 A day later.


 “I am finally here... turbulent flow sea area.” Fang Yuan stood on a cloud, he looked at this sea area as he sighed.


 Rumors said that there was an intense battle between Gu Immortals here.


 There were no rank eight experts among the participating Gu Immortals, but there were many rank six and seven Gu Immortals.


 Because their battle was too intense, the dao marks carved in this area caused a change in the environment, in the end, a unique place in Eastern Sea, turbulent flow sea area, was created.


 Because of this reason, there were many Gu Immortal inheritances hidden inside the turbulent flow sea area, or their wealth left behind after death.


 In history, there were lucky people who obtained Gu Immortal inheritances inside the turbulent flow sea area. Even though the lucky people were few, these rumors caused many people to be attracted to this sea area.


 Many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals as well as Gu Immortals of Central Continent, Northern Plains and Southern Border would often come to the turbulent flow sea area to search for fortuitous encounters.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze swept across the sea water.


 The turbulent flow sea area’s water was very unique, the surface was calm, but there were many undercurrents below.


 These currents were of all types and forms. They interlinked with one another, they moved in this sea area with absolutely no rhythm or pattern.


 Precisely because of this, Gu Immortals called this the turbulent flow sea area.


 Fang Yuan looked at the sky again.


 The sky had many white clouds, shrouding his vision, he could not see any starlight. Even when the sun was blazing, the sunlight could not penetrate the cloud layers, it only made the place brighter.


 When Gu Immortals entered the turbulent flow sea area, they often lost their sense of direction. These cloud layers were one of the causes, because of the clouds, Gu Immortals could not determine their precise location.


 It was impossible to get rid of these clouds.


 To do that, one was contesting against heaven and earth. Gu Immortals with such abilities were at least rank eight great experts, they were very rare. Paying a huge price to destroy these clouds would also destroy the turbulent flow sea area. To them, it was not worth the effort at all.


 Breathing in deeply, Fang Yuan’s aura surged as Immortal Gu aura burst out from within him.


 Immortal investigative killer move — Qi Luck Sensation!


 This move was obtained from Feng Jun’s inheritance, it used qi luck Immortal Gu as the core, it could sense people who were closely connected by luck to the Gu Immortal user. The closer the distance, the clearer the effects.


 “Oh? They are nearby! They are in the turbulent flow sea area?”



***
Chapter 1151 - Turbulent Flow Sea Battle (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Five Gu Immortals were moving along the surface of the sea.


 “Hehehe, with the appropriate arrangement, as long as Fang Yuan falls for it, he will suffer. Even if we cannot trap him, we can greatly delay his growth.” Ying Wu Xie felt a little smug.


 Fang Yuan’s development was too fast, it was terrifying!


 Heaven’s will was trying all means possible to kill him, it even used the snowmen and rockmen.


 They had to suppress him.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan was in Lang Ya blessed land, Ying Wu Xie could not do anything. Now that he was coming over, they were going to teach him a lesson.


 Of course, they could not act personally.


 They had a huge responsibility, he had the most important task to rebuild Shadow Sect!


 “This is good, we can suppress Fang Yuan while not falling into heaven’s will’s trap. Hmm?!” Suddenly, Ying Wu Xie’s gaze froze.


 “Be careful, there is a desolate beast in the sea, it is moving rapidly, it is very strange!” Ying Wu Xie frowned, reminding them.


 “Merely a desolate beast.” Rank seven Gu Immortal Shi Nu attacked.


 Boom!


 Huge ripples and waves appeared on the water surface, as Fang Yuan emerged and showed himself.


 “I finally found you... Ying Wu Xie!” Fang Yuan’s mouth opened, revealing a ruthless smile.


 The five immortals were stunned, this was the first time they were seeing Fang Yuan. Because Fang Yuan was vigilant, before setting off on this trip, he had already changed his appearance.


 “You are?” Suddenly, Ying Wu Xie’s body shook.


 He used luck inspection Immortal Gu, seeing that Fang Yuan’s tall luck was exactly the same as his and Hei Lou Lan’s luck.


 Connect luck Immortal Gu!


 Ying Wu Xie had used Connect Luck on Hei Lou Lan. And Hei Lou Lan was luck connected to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance could change, but his luck was unconcealed.


 Seeing his luck, Ying Wu Xie realized that this was Fang Yuan!


 “Quick, the ancient battle formation!” He shouted loudly, panicking.


 The other three immortals had coordination, they subconsciously acted, using the ancient battle formation, Omni-directional Travel.


 Swoosh, the four immortals disappeared completely.


 Only one person was left behind.


 Liu Qing Yu: “...”


 Fang Yuan: “...”


 The two looked at each other, falling into silence.


 Ancient battle formation — Omni-directional Travel.


 It could allow Ying Wu Xie and the rest to escape from Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, it naturally had incredible effect.


 Fang Yuan was seeing it for the first time as well.


 Thus, he was speechless.


 Even though he had some guesses, after seeing it personally, he still felt quite shocked.


 “This method might be strong, but as long as I have qi luck sensation, I will be able to find them. Now, I should kill this person first!”


 Fang Yuan thought as his attention went over to Liu Qing Yu.


 Liu Qing Yu: “...”


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s cold gaze filled with killing intent, he subconsciously flew backwards.


 His mood was even worse than Fang Yuan!


 He had tried so hard to obtain the information path inheritance, yet it got snatched away.


 After killing the blood path demonic immortal, the crucial clue was lost.


 He returned to the turbulent flow sea area to wait, but he encountered Ying Wu Xie, his helpers were all killed, and he had to surrender.


 So be it if he surrendered, so be it if the alliance agreement was overbearing, he admitted his loss! So be it if he had to call Ying Wu Xie his boss! For his life, Liu Qing Yu was determined to become a core member of this group called Shadow Sect.


 However, when leaving Eastern Sea, a person suddenly appeared!


 And next, Ying Wu Xie ran away!


 He ran!!


 Not only did he run, the other three Gu Immortals also ran.


 And they ran so quickly!


 In literally one moment, they vanished without a trace!


 “This is absurd!” Liu Qing Yu really wanted to swear.


 But he could not.


 He was under the alliance agreement, he had to be polite to Ying Wu Xie at all times.


 If he cursed, he would face the backlash of the information path dao marks.


 Liu Qing Yu’s current mood was simply terrible, it was at rock bottom!


 He did not recognize Fang Yuan, because Fang Yuan was only rank six now. But Liu Qing Yu sensed that Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal that was rank six as well.


 This time, Fang Yuan had casually changed his appearance, in terms of aura, he did not conceal anything. His main goal was to kill Ying Wu Xie and the rest. Everyone knew each other and their cultivation level, his aura was not too important.


 This caused Liu Qing Yu to feel deeply aggrieved.


 “Against a rank six Gu Immortal, why are you running?!”


 “Running for what?!”


 “We have two rank sevens and three rank sixes, we are all experts! Why are you running?”


 “Ah! Why did you run?”


 Liu Qing Yu screamed internally, furious.


 But he could not get any answers.


 He had joined Shadow Sect for too short of a time, Ying Wu Xie did not expect Fang Yuan to come so quickly, he did not tell Liu Qing Yu some details.


 If Ying Wu Xie told Liu Qing Yu that the reason why they fled was because Fang Yuan had the rank eight battle strength — upper extreme heavenly eagle!


 Then Liu Qing Yu would not scream like this internally, he would definitely flee more quickly than Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan.


 Oh, no.


 He could not outrun them.


 But in terms of effort, he would definitely exceed them.


 Rank eight battle strength was no joke, killing them was as easy as killing an ant!


 “This is the deterrence of rank eight.” At this time, Fang Yuan had a lot of insight.


 Ying Wu Xie and the rest fled, they were wise and resolute. If their positions were reversed, Fang Yuan would escape too.


 Earlier in the northern icy plain, he did not flee, that was because Fang Yuan could not begin to escape! It was not that he did not want to.


 There was no shame in running away.


 For an old demon like Fang Yuan, temporary retreat was a brilliant tactic in battle.


 However, Ying Wu Xie and the rest did not know that the upper extreme heavenly eagle had died already, it had returned to being an unhatched egg.


 Even though Fang Yuan told this to Lang Ya land spirit, he had asked him to not leak out this secret.


 Thus, Sixth Hair only obtained intel about the earlier part, he could not tell Ying Wu Xie about the most crucial intel that was kept secret.


 At this moment, Ying Wu Xie and the rest left, only Liu Qing Yu was left.


 This situation was very good for Fang Yuan.


 Originally, Fang Yuan was a bit concerned in chasing after them, after all, they had an advantage in numbers, there were two rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan recognized Liu Qing Yu, but this was the first time he saw Shi Nu.


 Now, once Fang Yuan’s identity was exposed, Ying Wu Xie ran away, only Liu Qing Yu stayed.


 It was correct to escape.


 Trying to probe a rank eight was courting death. During the grey cloud battle puppet killer move, Fang Yuan did not dare to probe the immemorial rock dragon as well.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was considering killing Liu Qing Yu first.


 Eliminating him would weaken their combined strength, this was a good chance to take them down, if Fang Yuan could not make use of it, he would definitely get hit by lightning.


 “After killing him, I would be able to use soul search and obtain intel regarding Ying Wu Xie and the rest!” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan attacked.


 Sword mark targeting death!


 At once, he used an extraordinary sword path killer move.


 Even though Liu Qing Yu was screaming internally, he was still filled with immense wariness.


 The logic was simple, he was something who made Ying Wu Xie and the rest so fearful, even though he was a rank six Gu Immortal, he was definitely dangerous.


 Liu Qing Yu was already completely focused against this huge foe.


 At this moment, sword light flew out, Liu Qing Yu quickly moved, dodging Fang Yuan’s attack.


 “Sure enough, this guy is also a rank six Gu Immortal with rank seven Immortal Gu. Sword path?” Liu Qing Yu thought bitterly, he only had two rank six Immortal Gu, he had lost to Hei Lou Lan earlier because of this.


 After some rounds of fighting, Liu Qing Yu was in a disadvantaged position.


 He was a lone cultivator, even though his cultivation level was higher, with rank seven cultivation level, he had only two rank six Immortal Gu, his immortal killer moves were also deduced by himself, they were not exemplary, and few in number too.


 After another dozen rounds, Fang Yuan had almost completely understood Liu Qing Yu’s methods.


 He only used the same few moves over and over again, how could he not learn everything?


 Liu Qing Yu was covered in sweat, he was in a sad state.


 Even though Fang Yuan could not use blood asset Immortal Gu temporarily, he had other time path defensive methods, he could easily attack or defend, he had an easy time.


 His strength had grown too quickly!


 In the past, Liu Qing Yu chased Fang Yuan and caused him to run, but now, Fang Yuan was suppressing him instead.


 Even though he had rank six cultivation level, in terms of battle strength, he far surpassed Liu Qing Yu.


 “No wonder Ying Wu Xie ran, this is a monster! He is unbelievably powerful, and by the looks of it, he has not used his full strength yet.” Liu Qing Yu lost his motivation as he fought.


 He really wanted to surrender.


 But now was different, he had Shadow Sect’s alliance agreement, he could not surrender to the enemy.


 He had only one option left, that was to fight to the death!


 “Follow me if you dare.” Liu Qing Yu desperately avoided Fang Yuan’s attack as he turned into a green rainbow, escaping towards the turbulent flow sea area.


 “Too naive.” Fang Yuan sneered, he pointed at Liu Qing Yu’s escape route.


 Immortal killer move — Year Beast Summoning!


 A snake year beast tore through space, suddenly appearing and blocking Liu Qing Yu.


 Liu Qing Yu was obstructed and could not escape anymore.


 Fang Yuan used sword escape Immortal Gu behind him and easily caught up to him, attacking.


 Liu Qing Yu was struck, his life was over, his body self-detonated as his soul broke into several pieces.


 Fang Yuan quickly acted, but he only salvaged a portion.


 Liu Qing Yu’s immortal aperture also fell into the sea, sinking, as the heaven and earth qi surged into it, a blessed land was formed.


 His remnant soul was dissipating, it seemed to be Shadow Sect’s method, Fang Yuan tried several methods but did not seem to be able to stop the soul from self-destructing.


 Fang Yuan quickly soul searched.


 Dozens of memory fragments were seen by him.


 Fang Yuan was quite lucky, he saw the scene of Liu Qing Yu and Ying Wu Xie setting up the trap.


 “Oh? It seems that after Ying Wu Xie found out I have rank eight battle strength, he knew he could not fight me, so he set up a trap to harm me. He has truly grown.”


 The other fragments were useless.


 Soon, these remnant soul fragments dissipated completely.


 Liu Qing Yu’s body also turned into pulp, it was hard to collect it. Already, all of his dao marks had returned to his immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh.


 He wanted to absorb Liu Qing Yu’s dao marks into himself.


 But Gu Immortals in the five regions were not so easy to loot.


 After some commotion, a blessed land was completely formed from the immortal aperture.


 The entrance opened.


 This was a rare chance to enter the blessed land!


 If he missed it, to enter it later, there would be much greater obstacles.


 In the past, when Fang Yuan placed Star Form blessed land and Ge Pi blessed land, he also used these chances to enter the blessed land.



***
Chapter 1152 - Obtaining Five Light Mountain


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Quack, quack!


 Inside Liu Qing Yu’s blessed land, there was a dorky duck calling out to Fang Yuan.


 This was the land spirit that was formed using heavenly power after Liu Qing Yu’s death.


 Appearances of land spirits differed drastically, a duck land spirit was nothing peculiar.


 Fang Yuan listened attentively.


 Even though all he heard was the duck quacking, in his mind, it was translated into words that Fang Yuan could understand the meaning of.


 In fact, Hei Fan’s heavenly spirit was a brass bell, but it could communicate with people as well. Unfortunately, before Hei Fan died, he had allowed his immortal aperture to absorb a fragment of immemorial azure heaven, it caused heaven’s will to enter and caused his heavenly spirit to lose intelligence.


 “The condition of inheriting this Qing Yu blessed land and becoming its owner is actually this...” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed, he showed a look of joy and surprise.


 Even though Liu Qing Yu was killed by Fang Yuan, his obsession was not to find Fang Yuan for revenge. He was not trying to locate Ying Wu Xie and find trouble with him either.


 It was — the whereabouts of the crucial clue to the information path inheritance.


 “The clue to the information path inheritance is carved in flying sword Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan took out flying sword Immortal Gu, showing it to the duck land spirit, explaining the situation to it.


 A moment later, the duck land spirit circled around Fang Yuan, using its beak to peck Fang Yuan’s white shoes, it was very fond of him.


 Fang Yuan was now the owner of the blessed land!


 However, this blessed land was quite desolate.


 It was not that Liu Qing Yu had poor foundation, but after he joined Shadow Sect, the resources inside his immortal aperture were all taken away by Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie did not take Liu Qing Yu’s two Immortal Gu, that was because he wanted to preserve his battle strength and make him work like a slave.


 But Ying Wu Xie took away his cultivation resources, this was leaving him no way out, in the future, when Liu Qing Yu wanted to continue cultivating, he would lack resources, he could only rely on Shadow Sect.


 Fang Yuan only had to think for a bit before understanding this.


 As for Liu Qing Yu’s Gu worms, they had already been destroyed.


 This applied to the two Immortal Gu and the mortal Gu, nothing was left for Fang Yuan.


 “What is left in this blessed land?” Fang Yuan looked around, asking the land spirit as he frowned.


 Qing Yu blessed land was completely ransacked, it was left in a state similar to Hei Fan grotto-heaven when Fang Yuan took over it.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan could somewhat feel what Chu Du had gone through at that time.


 The duck land spirit: “Quack, quack, quack!”


 Fang Yuan turned around: “Bring me there.”


 The duck land spirit could not teleport, it brought Fang Yuan to the destination.


 A rainbow colored mountain which was neither tall nor short was displayed before Fang Yuan.


 The mountain rocks were giving off green, red, yellow, blue, and white lights. There were no trees on the mountain, but there were many different types of grass. These types of grass had ten colors, they shone together, they were more beautiful than a sea of flowers, it was a dazzling sight.


 “Five Light Mountain, ten colored grass.” Fang Yuan muttered.


 These were resources that light path Gu Immortals often cultivated.


 The special environment would cause this mountain to produce large numbers of light path mortal Gu.


 Evidently, this Five Light Mountain was heavily developed by Liu Qing Yu, it was quite big.


 “Ying Wu Xie does not have pulling mountain Immortal Gu, he had no methods to move this mountain, he could only leave this here.” Fang Yuan guessed the truth.


 Trees had tree roots, mountains had mountain roots too.


 Mountains were not easy to move, using brute strength would only cause the mountain to collapse.


 And methods to move mountains were very rare in the world.


 Back then, when Fang Yuan was able to move Luo Po Valley, even the rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian was shocked.


 Even though Ying Wu Xie inherited a portion of Shadow Sect’s wealth, he lacked a method to move Five Light Mountain.


 He originally had pulling mountain Immortal Gu, but in those transactions, it was sold to Fang Yuan.


 When he saw this Five Light Mountain and could not move it, he must have felt annoyed.


 All in all, this Five Light Mountain was now Fang Yuan’s property.


 Without hesitation, Fang Yuan used pulling mountain Immortal Gu and moved this Five Light Mountain into his own sovereign immortal aperture.


 He placed this mountain into Mini Southern Border.


 Mini Southern Border had many mountains, it was a place with rich earth path dao marks to begin with. With the addition of Five Light Mountain, all of the mountains from Hei Fan grotto-heaven were outmatched, Immortal Succession Mountain could only become the second tallest mountain.


 After all, Immortal Succession Mountain was used as an inheritance ground, the inheritances were all gone now. Five Light Mountain was now the biggest mountain in Mini Southern Border.


 “I had some gains at last.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air.


 If he did not have Five Light Mountain, his losses would be severe.


 Even though he won this battle, from Fang Yuan’s perspective, victory had no value, the loot after winning did.


 It was a pity, even after taking Five Light Mountain, Fang Yuan concluded that in this battle against Liu Qing Yu, he still made losses.


 It could not be helped.


 He was using green grape immortal essence, and most of his Immortal Gu were rank seven, he also had to use many immortal killer moves.


 In every battle, his green grape immortal essence expenditure was severe!


 Of course, blessed lands could annex each other.


 However, Liu Qing Yu cultivated light path, this blessed land was a light path blessed land. Fang Yuan’s light path attainment level was only ordinary, this was a rank seven blessed land, he could not annex it.


 In the following period, Fang Yuan asked the duck land spirit, he obtained a lot of intel.


 The duck land spirit still remembered many details from when it was alive, this allowed Fang Yuan to become quite aware of the trap that Ying Wu Xie set.


 And also regarding the information path true inheritance, Fang Yuan also obtained some information.


 After obtaining the intel, Fang Yuan left behind some mortal Gu for the duck land spirit, and ordered that without his permission, it was never to open the blessed land’s entrance. If any enemies attacked, it had to inform Fang Yuan using treasure yellow heaven immediately.


 Liu Qing Yu’s rank seven red date immortal essence was still left behind, Fang Yuan did not take them, he gave them to the duck land spirit.


 “Quack, quack.” The duck land spirit had tears in its eyes, it flapped one wing, saying goodbye to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not look back, he left the blessed land.


 The blessed land’s entrance closed after he left.


 “This rank seven blessed land, as long as the entrance is shut and it is hidden well, it should not be discovered.”


 “However, if heaven’s will wants to harm me, it will have many ways of dealing with this blessed land.”


 “It would be great if I can keep this rank seven blessed land, but even if I can’t, it is fine. It has too little value anyway.”


 Fang Yuan did not have the time to raise his light path attainment level, and his cultivation level was still far from reaching rank seven.


 To continue to pursue Ying Wu Xie?


 Fang Yuan was hesitant.


 From the duck land spirit, he had obtained a lot of information, he had a clearer understanding of their strength.


 Ying Wu Xie had four Gu Immortals including himself. A rank seven Gu rockman Gu Immortal named Shi Nu, he cultivated earth path. Hei Lou Lan was now a strength and fire path cultivator. Tai Bai Yun Sheng had lost his time path Immortal Gu, but he now had cloud path Immortal Gu, he had originally been secondarily cultivating cloud path.


 As for Ying Wu Xie, he still had a strength path immortal zombie body. He still used soul path Immortal Gu, he had the lowest cultivation level, but his battle strength was likely to be the highest or second highest.


 If Fang Yuan had the immemorial upper extreme heavenly eagle, he would pursue them immediately!


 But now, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was just an egg, even though Fang Yuan had many Immortal Gu, looking at it, with his strength and intelligence, against Ying Wu Xie’s group, it was difficult to predict the winner.


 “How long has it been! Ying Wu Xie and the rest have already gained so much strength, it is truly out of my expectations.”


 Fang Yuan’s growth shocked Ying Wu Xie and the rest. But Ying Wu Xie and the rest also grew at a rate that shocked Fang Yuan.


 He had originally thought that Ying Wu Xie and the others had suffered a huge setback after the transactions. To think that not long after, they had already recovered.


 Shadow Sect was already in shambles, but it was still not to be underestimated.


 Ying Wu Xie and the others were truly huge threats from Fang Yuan’s perspective!


 Because of sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan had an unresolvable conflict.


 Ying Wu Xie was not dealing with Fang Yuan now, it was because saving his main body was more important, he was making a wise decision.


 Fang Yuan did not deal with Ying Wu Xie earlier because he had insufficient strength, he needed to deal with the earthly calamities and try to develop his sovereign immortal aperture.


 Now that he had Hei Fan’s true inheritance, with enough strength, he came to find Ying Wu Xie straight away.


 Once Ying Wu Xie saved his main body, Fang Yuan knew that he would no longer have any chance of victory. Because the other party was one of the ten venerables, even though he had died before, Fang Yuan was not his match.


 Of course, there was still a crucial point.


 That was wisdom Gu.


 Wisdom Gu was not lost, it was currently in Lang Ya blessed land. Fang Yuan regained his former strength path immortal zombie body, there was just one key point, he was afraid that inside this immortal zombie body, there was a trap set by Ying Wu Xie which targeted his soul.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to act rashly.


 He had thought of using other Gu Immortals’ souls and putting them inside the immortal zombie body to test it out.


 But there were many flaws with this.


 Firstly, he had to undergo such experiments secretly, he could not take out his immortal zombie body openly, this would reveal many secrets to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Secondly, even if he used Gu Immortal souls to test it, they were unreliable. Because Fang Yuan was not clear if Ying Wu Xie had set up traps that targeted weak or strong souls, or was it a trap specifically targeting otherworldly demons?


 The problem of using wisdom Gu was the greatest restriction towards Fang Yuan’s development.


 Thus, Fang Yuan thought of the plan in Eastern Sea.


 His main objective was to deal with Ying Wu Xie.


 If he succeeded, he might be able to check from Ying Wu Xie whether this immortal zombie body had any traps. If there was a trap, how would he resolve it?


 Ying Wu Xie wanted to suppress Fang Yuan’s growth speed, but Fang Yuan was also afraid that Ying Wu Xie would grow too quickly and save his main body.


 Thus, when he came to Eastern Sea now, the information path inheritance was secondary.


 He went straight for the main objective.


 Ying Wu Xie was his main goal!



***
Chapter 1153 - Fighting Across Vast Distance


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ahead was a deep blue veil, it completely covered the visions of Ying Wu Xie and the others.


 Blue water regional wall!


 Between the five regions, there were regional walls, they were like thin membrane which shielded the region.


 Blue water regional wall was the protective membrane of Eastern Sea.


 The turbulent flow sea area was very close to blue water regional wall to begin with, precisely because of this, when Fang Yuan was on the journey from Southern Border to Northern Plains, when he got close to the turbulent flow sea area, he encountered Liu Qing Yu and the rest.


 Ying Wu Xie and the other immortals used Omni-directional Travel to directly reach this place.


 “Are we leaving again?” Hei Lou Lan sighed.


 “Who was that person earlier?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng questioned.


 “An enemy, a strong enemy, an irreconcilable enemy! Don’t look at his rank six cultivation level, he has rank eight battle strength.” Ying Wu Xie looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, choosing to expose some information to him.


 Hearing this Tai Bai Yun Sheng breathed in sharply, he shouted in disbelief: “Rank eight battle strength?!”


 Hei Lou Lan pretended to be shocked too: “No wonder we had to retreat.”


 Shi Nu had no expression.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng suddenly thought of something, he showed sadness on his face: “Sigh! Since he has rank eight battle strength, Liu Qing Yu is finished. It is a pity.”


 “Dying for Shadow Sect is his greatest honor.” Shi Nu snorted, saying in disdain.


 “Let’s go, since he can chase us, we should increase our distance. That upper extreme heavenly eagle is an immemorial desolate beast that can roam the nine heavens, it is likely to be a life form from the immemorial nine heavens, it can travel in the five regional walls freely.” Hei Lou Lan transmitted secretly, reminding Ying Wu Xie.


 Ying Wu Xie looked at her deeply, replying: “Don’t worry, I have already checked the historical records in Northern Plains. Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle came from Hei Fan, and the upper extreme heavenly eagle that Hei Fan had was raised in Northern Plains. If it enters the five regional walls, it would face suppression as well. We are quite safe now at the border of the regional wall.”


 “Is that so?” Hei Lou Lan was stunned, before showing an expression of relief.


 “Where are we going now? We cannot go to Central Continent, are we going to Southern Border to work on the rescue?” Hei Lou Lan asked.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled, he did not enter the blue water regional wall, instead, he used his immortal essence as aura of Gu worms burst out from within.


 His entire body was floating in the air, he turned around and looked in the direction of the turbulent flow sea area.


 Ripples appeared below his feet, making a soft sound.


 The cold and wet sea breeze blew on the four Gu Immortals’ faces.


 “Wait.” Ying Wu Xie said one word in reply to Hei Lou Lan.


 “Wait for what?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was confused.


 “Wait for the enemy.” Ying Wu Xie said.


 The rest of the three Gu Immortals looked at each other, not understanding why.


 Since they retreated earlier, why were they waiting for him now? That person had rank eight battle strength, why were they waiting for him? Waiting for him to kill them?


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed: “I see!”


 “See what?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly asked, he was extremely lost.


 Shi Nu was expressionless, but his gaze also revealed curiosity.


 Hei Lou Lan smiled: “Don’t you find it strange? How did he know our location? When chasing us, why did he have such precise knowledge of our whereabouts?”


 This time, even Shi Nu’s expression changed.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tone became lower: “Hei Lou Lan, you mean to say, we have a traitor? impossible, how can the four of us... unless, that Liu Qing Yu is a spy? Wait! He went under an alliance agreement to join us, could the alliance agreement be exploited?”


 “The probability of a traitor is small.” Ying Wu Xie shook his head, replying.


 He looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng was kept in the dark, he was also under an alliance agreement from Ying Wu Xie, he could not become a traitor.


 “The most probable reason is, he has an investigative method that can track our locations.” Ying Wu Xie said.


 “These last days, we have been staying in our base, we rarely went out.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng frowned.


 Hei Lou Lan smiled: “Gu Immortal methods are unfathomably vast in number, some are incredibly brilliant, how much do we actually know?”


 “That’s true.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded.


 Hei Lou Lan continued: “If we cannot find a way to counter it, no matter where we go, that enemy will find us, it is only a matter of time.”


 “Thus, lord decided to stay here and not enter the regional wall. Lord is waiting for the other party to use his investigative killer move. I see!” Shi Nu suddenly realized.


 Actually, a lot of information was only known to Ying Wu Xie.


 At this moment, countless thoughts were forming and colliding in Ying Wu Xie’s mind.


 Even though he was a strength path immortal zombie and could not think well, he had lots of methods to bypass this flaw.


 Ying Wu Xie was rapidly thinking now!


 “What method is Fang Yuan using to find my location?”


 “I came to Eastern Sea secretly, how did the intel leak? Is he able to find my location in Northern Plains, across two regional walls?”


 “That is impossible! Even Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could not deduce anything after I used my Gu formation to conceal my traces.”


 “No matter what is inside Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he would not be able to do this.”


 Heaven’s will!


 Ying Wu Xie had an answer in his mind.


 “Since I can be plotted against by heaven’s will, gaining its reminder regarding Fang Yuan’s intel, would Fang Yuan also receive the same information about me?”


 This was very possible.


 But Ying Wu Xie was not satisfied with this answer.


 “If at this time, the person in my situation is not me but Fang Yuan, what would he do? What would he consider?”


 “He would consider the worst possible situation.”


 “And what was the worst possible situation?”


 Ying Wu Xie asked himself, and had answer — “The other party has an investigative killer move that can pass regional walls to confirm my location.”


 Ying Wu Xie smiled, how could that be possible?


 But suddenly, his smile froze.


 He thought of a possibility!


 Luck path!


 Fang Yuan had the most important clue all along. It was that their lucks were all interconnected.


 Connect luck Immortal Gu!


 Back then, Ying Wu Xie had no choice, he could only sell this Immortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven.


 After transacting with Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie obtained the Gu refinement materials he needed, when treasure yellow heaven opened, he took back connect luck Immortal Gu.


 Even though Fang Yuan had a new body, Connect Luck’s effect also targeted his soul. Thus, his luck connection to Hei Lou Lan and the rest was still in effect.


 Ying Wu Xie gained a lot of information from Shadow Sect regarding how to resist heaven’s will, there was one point — Fate is hard to defy, but luck can be exploited.


 Using luck, one could deal with heaven’s will effectively.


 Who had better luck?


 Undoubtedly, it was Fang Yuan who owned dog shit luck Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had Dog Shit Luck, Ying Wu Xie knew this clearly. Sixth Hair, who was in Lang Ya Sect, was not to be forgotten.


 Thus, Ying Wu Xie used Connect Luck and connected his own luck with Hei Lou Lan.


 Even though Hei Lou Lan was unwilling to, she could not resist.


 This way, Ying Wu Xie and Fang Yuan truly had their luck connected.


 “If he realizes this relationship and uses a luck path method, even if we are in two separate regions, he can still sense me, that is possible.”


 “Is it luck path?”


 Right at this moment, Ying Wu Xie’s body shook.


 He saw it!


 Using luck inspection Immortal Gu, he saw that at this moment, the luck above him and Hei Lou Lan’s head was shaking slightly.


 “As expected... a luck path method. Impressive, Fang Yuan. To think that you even made use of the fact that we have Connect Luck, and found your way to us. It is a pity, I have understood your method already.”


 Ying Wu Xie’s eyes flickered brightly.


 Even though he knew about Fang Yuan’s method, Ying Wu Xie could not break the luck connection.


 He did not have break luck Immortal Gu.


 However, he had a lot of soul path methods, he could influence and interfere with the luck.


 He tried them one by one, but the effect was not good.


 The luck was still shaking.


 In fact, even if he was concealed, there was still Hei Lou Lan.


 Unlike Liu Qing Yu, Hei Lou Lan could not be thrown away easily.


 She had huge value, once they lost her, they could not even use the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel. Thus, Ying Wu Xie quickly gave up this thought.


 “Then, enter an immortal aperture?”


 Ying Wu Xie entered Shi Nu’s immortal aperture, and he was surprised to find out that in conjunction with his soul path methods, the luck on top of his head stopped shaking.


 He ordered Hei Lou Lan to enter Shi Nu’s immortal aperture as well.


 Next, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Shi Nu entered the blue water regional wall, quickly vanishing from sight.


 Fang Yuan had just come out of Qing Yu blessed land.


 Luck path investigative killer move — Qi Luck Sensation!


 He activated his immortal killer move, at once, he sensed several locations.


 Eastern Sea, Western Desert, Southern Border.


 Among which, Eastern Sea had the clearest sensation and highest number of people.


 Qi luck sensation had a huge investigative range, but the effect was not very outstanding. If not for Connect Luck, Fang Yuan could not pass regions in investigation.


 “They are at the border of blue water regional wall, this ancient battle formation is actually so amazing?”


 “Hmph! Even if victory is hard to obtain, I will pursue you, even if I cannot kill you, I will weaken you. As long as I prevent you from saving Spectral Soul’s main body, I would be victorious.”


 “Strange, why did they stop?”


 “Hmm?!”


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s expression changed, he showed shock.


 In his senses, two people had suddenly vanished.


 “Oh? He sensed it so quickly?” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 This way, he could not pursue them.


 “But as long as your luck is connected, you will be threatened by my killer move. I have the initiative, I can use this killer move from time to time, and check your location. But you need to be wary of me at all times, you will have to pay a bigger price than me.”


 “This will cause a battle of attrition between us, but if you break the luck connection, hehe, isn’t that just what I want?”


 “Forget it, I should get the good stuff inside the turbulent flow sea area first.”



***
Chapter 1154 - Immortal Hua Die


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Since he could not locate them, Fang Yuan wisely chose to give up on pursuing them.


 Ever since reviving, this was the second time Fang Yuan was up against Shadow Sect. The first time, Ying Wu Xie had no choice but to undergo transactions with Fang Yuan, in the end, Fang Yuan took great advantage of it.


 In the second contest, Fang Yuan only had a slight edge. Even though Fang Yuan’s strength had grown immensely due to Hei Fan’s true inheritance, in the end, he did not achieve his goals, he only killed one member of Shadow Sect, he slightly weakened Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 Fang Yuan was growing fast, but Ying Wu Xie was also increasing in strength!


 And Fang Yuan’s growth was uncertain and unstable. After all, benefits like Hei Fan’s true inheritance were once in a thousand year encounters, they were not easy to get.


 Conversely, Ying Wu Xie’s growth in strength was very steady.


 Because he could go and obtain Shadow Sect’s inheritances in all five regions, these originally belonged to him, they were reliable and predictable.


 Based on this point, it was wise of Fang Yuan to kill them preemptively.


 If he did not use this chance to act, the disparity between them would grow more obvious. Once Spectral Soul was successfully rescued, Fang Yuan’s doomsday would arrive.


 Ying Wu Xie’s immediate retreat was shameless, but it was the wisest and most resolute choice.


 For Ying Wu Xie, as long as he continued to gather Shadow Sect’s remnant forces, he would grow rapidly in strength. Accumulating them, he eventually would grow to become quite powerful!


 In the turbulent sea area, even though both sides did not fight, they had competed against each other across a vast distance.


 Fang Yuan obtained a lot of information regarding Ying Wu Xie and the rest, he even saw the ancient battle formation, Omni-directional Travel, as well as Ying Wu Xie, Hei Lou Lan, and the others’ situations.


 Meanwhile, Ying Wu Xie identified Fang Yuan’s investigative killer move, even though he only resolved it temporarily, and did not solve the problem, his advancement was not halted, his plan could still continue smoothly.


 Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie were bound to engage in a battle of life and death.


 But now was not the time, Ying Wu Xie chose to retreat.


 One day, between Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie, one would die. Their enmity was far from resolved.


 Fang Yuan turned around, going back to the turbulent flow sea area.


 Vast clouds and turbulent sea water, it was a chaotic sight.


 Fang Yuan was about to go in, when a female immortal suddenly came from the west, calling out: “Please wait.”


 Fang Yuan turned around, only to see that this woman was dressed in a raiment, her sleeves were fluttering, she wore light pink. Her eyes were clear and shiny, she was extremely beautiful.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan stopped moving, his eyebrows raised as he waited for the female immortal to arrive: “So it is Immortal Hua Die. I wonder why you called out to me?”


 Immortal Hua Die smiled, her tender pink lips parted to show her pearl-like teeth: “I am ashamed, you know my name but I am unaware of your name?”


 “I am Chu Ying.” Fang Yuan casually said a name, his current appearance was disguised as well.


 Chu Ying, it sounded like remove shadow 1 .


 Even though Fang Yuan’s goal was not achieved this time, Fang Yuan was determined to eliminate Shadow Sect, with a firmer attitude now.


 “Chu Ying, I saw that you were about to enter the turbulent flow sea area, I have a suggestion, if it works, it will benefit you too.” Immortal Hua Die said.


 “Please speak.” Fang Yuan smiled, having a warm attitude.


 In his mind, he was thinking: If he killed this Immortal Hua Die, would the chances of success be high?


 She was a beautiful woman, but to Fang Yuan’s heart, she was better off as part of his dao mark accumulation.


 Fang Yuan knew a bit about Immortal Hua Die’s information. She was a transformation path Gu Immortal from Eastern Sea, she had rank six cultivation level and had passed two heavenly tribulations.


 In terms of battle strength, looking at her records, she was at the peak of rank six.


 For Fang Yuan, that was not a problem.


 Transformation path!


 The important thing was this.


 Currently, Fang Yuan was a transformation path grandmaster, he had quite a few transformation path dao marks, but there was nothing wrong with accumulating more.


 Immortal Hua Die smiled too.


 She felt that even though Fang Yuan had an unimpressive appearance, he behaved gently and politely, he was not a frenzied demonic path Gu Immortal, he was likely to be a lone immortal like herself.


 If she knew what Fang Yuan was thinking, who knew how she would feel.


 “Even though I cannot set up a battlefield killer move, my battle strength should be superior to her’s. But Immortal Hua Die has a close relationship with Miao Ming Shen, how confident am I in killing her?” Fang Yuan was considering the possibility.


 Miao Ming Shen was a rank seven expert in Eastern Sea, his status was similar to that of Qin Bai Sheng before awakening his memories.


 Most importantly, Miao Ming Shen was a space path Gu Immortal who had a method to expand the size of immortal apertures. As a result, many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, especially lone immortals, sought his help.


 After all, the space of an immortal aperture was limited, many Gu Immortals had to choose carefully when cultivating resources. Miao Ming Shen could expand the immortal aperture, it could provide a lot of convenience and help to these Gu Immortals.


 And Miao Ming Shen himself was an ambitious person, he was very good at building relationships, he had a lot of charisma. Thus, around him, there were a group of Gu Immortals with common interests.


 This group had four people. With Miao Ming Shen as the core, and Immortal Hua Die, Feng Jiang, and Gui Qi Ye as his followers.


 Among them, Immortal Hua Die and Feng Jiang had rank six cultivation level, Gui Qi Ye and Miao Ming Shen were rank seven, but the latter had the greatest battle strength.


 If Fang Yuan killed Immortal Hua Die, he would become enemies with the other three.


 Miao Ming Shen had a huge network and knew many people, a lot of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals wanted to be friendly with him. Even super forces refused to offend him. After all, they might need his help one day.


 If Miao Ming Shen and Fang Yuan were enemies, he would fully use his network and call upon lots of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals to push aside Fang Yuan.


 But so what?


 Fang Yuan had familiar face, he could freely change his identity, so what if it was Miao Ming Shen!


 As long as it was not a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 “However, if I kill Immortal Hua Die, familiar face cannot defend me from wisdom path deductions, my identity might get exposed.”


 Familiar face was not all-powerful.


 In the past, when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used this method to deceive two rank eight Gu Immortals, he had ensured that they did not have investigative methods against it.


 Even though this was an amazing story, it made others alert, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could not replicate this glorious event in the future.


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan and Ying Wu Xie had met.


 Ying Wu Xie used luck inspection Immortal Gu to observe Fang Yuan’s luck and discern his identity, before retreating immediately.


 Just rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu could make familiar face ineffective. It seemed peculiar, but it was not.


 The world was balanced, all living beings had their food and natural predators. The same went for Immortal Gu, the essence of immortal killer moves was the use of a combination of Gu worms, it could not escape this principle.


 This was why, there was no strongest Gu worm, only strongest Gu Immortal.


 “But I am a wisdom path grandmaster, as long as I elevate my wisdom path methods and conceal my true identity, when I use familiar face to conceal myself, who would be able to find my true identity?”


 Especially with his sovereign immortal body, he could travel through regional walls easily, he could even completely alter his aura and become a local.


 He was unlike Hei Lou Lan and the rest, they had Northern Plains aura, it was still fine in Eastern Sea. But when they got to Southern Border, Western Desert, or Central Continent, they would face strong ostracism from the locals.


 “However... I remember that this Miao Ming Shen had a method to find that immemorial desolate beast blue dragon whale, he had once rallied more than ten Eastern Sea lone immortals to find it. Should I build a relationship with him, so that I can use this relationship to take a share of the profits from entering the blue dragon whale as well?”


 Taking this into consideration, the blue dragon whale was naturally more important than merely Immortal Hua Die, Fang Yuan dispelled the thought of killing her.


 There was another advantage in becoming friendly with Miao Ming Shen.


 Eastern Sea had the most cultivation resources among the five regions. Eastern Sea Gu Immortals often held meet-ups to exchange resources between each other. These resources were very precious, they had great value, lifespan Gu were used for transactions. In comparison, treasure yellow heaven was an open market, it was not a private auction location.


 Miao Ming Shen was a common guest in these private auctions. With his approval, Fang Yuan would be able to enter these events as well.


 Immortal Hua Die did not know that she had just barely escaped death, because of her relationship with Miao Ming Shen, she narrowly avoided a terrible fate.


 She smiled lightly as she said: “Chu Ying, since you know about me, you must know about Lord Miao Ming Shen as well. Lord Miao Ming Shen has observed the turbulent flow sea area for years, he wants to find a tributary of the River of Time among these chaotic currents. If you have the opportunity to find that tributary of the River of Time, I hope that you can locate it and inform us, we will definitely thank you for it.”


 As for why a space path Gu Immortal like Miao Ming Shen was searching for a tributary of the River of Time, Immortal Hua Die was not going to explain it.


 “So that’s it.” Fang Yuan agreed: “I have long since heard of Lord Miao Ming Shen. I would not ask for a great reward, I would simply like to be on good terms with both of you.”


 Fang Yuan was so tactful, Immortal Hua Die’s smile became even wider.


 Fang Yuan was not the first person she had talked to, in fact, Immortal Hua Die, Gui Qi Ye, and Feng Jiang would guard the turbulent flow sea area in turns at regular intervals. When they see any Gu Immortals approaching the turbulent flow sea area, they would talk to them and ask for their help.


 Some rejected, but most people would agree.


 The reason was naturally Miao Ming Shen’s method to expand immortal apertures.


 Thus, Fairy Hua Die was not surprised that Fang Yuan agreed.


 “Then I will wish you good luck, friend.” Immortal Hua Die turned around and was about to leave, she did not think highly of Chu Ying.


 Because she had never heard of this person before.


 Of course, Eastern Sea had no lack of hidden cultivators. But Immortal Hua Die had many connections, Chu Ying was someone who was completely unknown, and he only had rank six cultivation level, how strong could he be?


 “Lord Miao Ming Shen is searching for the tributary of the River of Time, it does not require cultivation level, but luck instead. Maybe this Chu Ying might be able to find it? Oh, I have such thoughts each time. But more than ten years have passed, we have not even seen a trace of that tributary.”


 Immortal Hua Die sighed internally, saying goodbye to Fang Yuan.


 However, a while after leaving, Immortal Hua Die used an information path mortal Gu and transmitted to him.


 “I almost forgot to tell you. A blood path demonic immortal, Ding Qi, has recently come to the turbulent flow sea area. This person’s younger brother, Ding Yan, had once held the clues to an information path inheritance, he was attacked by Liu Qing Yu, Zhou Li, and Tang Song. Ding Yan is dead, Ding Qi wants revenge, because he heard that Liu Qing Yu had come to the turbulent flow sea area, as if to obtain the information path inheritance, he rushed here. Blood path demonic immortals are ruthless and crazy, they are unlike us, their minds are completely insane. When they see a Gu Immortal, they would first think about whether they should kill that person to increase their own strength. If you encounter him, you should be careful.”


 Fang Yuan kept the information path mortal Gu, rubbing his nose.


 Immortal Hua Die gave him some friendly advice, she was a kind person. But she did not know that the person she was talking to was a blood path demonic overlord, a person bearing great sins, he had once casually slaughtered countless lives in Central Continent!



***
Chapter 1155 - Snatching Oyster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The conversation with Immortal Hua Die was only a short intermission.


 Fang Yuan finally went into the turbulent flow sea area.


 The sea water moved randomly, like intertwined ropes, or completely messy balls of string, filling Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Strength path giant hand!


 Seeing nobody around, Fang Yuan used his immortal killer move.


 The giant hand smashed more than ten currents, causing the sea water to become chaotic.


 Fang Yuan charged towards a certain direction.


 This was at the fringe of the turbulent flow sea area, he could forcefully make his way in.


 But a moment later, a huge current of light yellow water blocked Fang Yuan’s path.


 “This is yellow spring water.”


 Fang Yuan stopped his steps, this current was huge, strength path giant hand could not smash it, in fact, he might even get injured.


 Yellow spring water came from the yellow spring sea area.


 That was the territory of Zombie Alliance’s headquarters.


 As the largest zombie farming area in the five regions, the yellow spring sea area was filled with zombie corpses. At the bottom of the sea, there was decomposed coral and between them, there were strands of seaweed drifting with the flowing water.


 Yellow spring water contained dao marks, it was a type of Gu refinement material.


 Fang Yuan activated his defensive method, entering it.


 This yellow spring water current flowed in one direction, but it was not the one Fang Yuan wanted. He could only charge through this current, using his Immortal Gu and consuming immortal essence.


 A while later, he broke through the yellow spring water current, arriving at another current.


 This water was pale white, after entering it, Fang Yuan felt like he was moving inside clouds.


 Illusory scenes were displayed before him.


 Thousand illusion water, it came from Eastern Sea’s thousand illusion sea area.


 Fang Yuan used wisdom path methods, easily blocking the interference of these illusions, after spending some effort, he got into the third current.


 Magma current.


 This current was not from Eastern Sea, it came from Western Desert’s largest pit — blazing glory pit.


 It was extremely deep and was linked to the underground, every hundred years, magma would burst out from the earth veins, the hot magma would fill the entire pit, even oozing out and changing the terrain of the surrounding area.


 Magma current, it came from a deep part of the magma, it was very hot.


 Once Fang Yuan entered it, he would need a defensive immortal killer move, ordinary rank six Gu Immortals without an immortal level defensive method could only avoid this.


 His immortal essence expenditure was multiple times that of the two earlier currents!


 Thankfully, this magma current was not big, Fang Yuan got through in a few dozen breaths of time.


 This time, he did not encounter another current, he went into an empty space.


 Other than Fang Yuan, there was nothing.


 Looking back, the magma current was still flowing behind him.


 On his front-left side, there was deep darkness, waves were crashing inside, resembling thousands of vengeful souls. This black soul water came from the black soul sea area, it contained soul path and dark path dao marks.


 On his right, there was a third current. It was golden and shiny, like countless gold fragments mixed together, moving forward together in a dazzling manner.


 Fang Yuan saw this and was surprised: “If I am not wrong, this is a gold fragment current. Rumors say that immemorial yellow heaven has a lot of metallic heavenly rivers. After immemorial yellow heaven broke, most of the metallic heavenly rivers were destroyed. This gold fragment current is likely from a certain immemorial yellow heaven fragment world. Because of the nature of the turbulent flow sea area, by gathering all the different currents in the world, I am able to witness it.”


 Magma current, black soul current, and gold fragment current.


 These three currents contested against each other, they reached a mystical balance, a completely empty space was created between them.


 This was where Fang Yuan was at now, as if he was in the eye of the cyclone, he could not stay here for long, but it gave him precious time to rest.


 Fang Yuan did not rest, his strength had grown drastically, he had a lot of immortal essence, he had not reached his limit yet.


 After finding his direction, he shot out into the gold fragment current at lightning speed.


 He faced a lot of obstructions, more than ten times of the magma current, but his immortal essence expenditure had decreased instead.


 The magma current was too hot.


 Fang Yuan crossed the entire gold fragment current.


 During this process, he collected up to five hundred kilograms of gold fragments.


 On Earth, this would be a huge amount of wealth. But in this world, it was merely a common Gu material.


 Other than gold fragments, the gold fragment current also had a large number of Gu worms.


 They were mostly metal path.


 There was golden dragon Gu, it looked like an earthworm, but it had claws and a head, it resembled a miniature dragon.


 There was also golden aurora Gu, it could allow a Gu Master to fly.


 And a rare mortal Gu that could make all mortal Gu Masters go crazy — polished gold Gu, it was a one time consumable Gu that could increase a Gu Master’s aptitude!


 For Fang Yuan, this polished gold Gu had little use.


 He casually collected some.


 After getting out of the gold fragment current, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture gained a new small gold fragment river.


 Fang Yuan placed this river in Mini Yellow Heaven, it was just to add to the scenery. With this tiny gold fragment river, it could not give him any benefits.


 Gu Masters might treat it like a treasure, for Fang Yuan and other Gu Immortals, it was worthless.


 Fang Yuan got through many currents, gradually getting towards the center of the turbulent flow sea area from the fringe.


 A moment later, a huge current blocked Fang Yuan’s path.


 The huge current was deep blue, every drop of water flickered with electricity, it caused the entire current to be eye-catching and bright.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath, he knew that this was a lightning water current.


 When lightning accumulates to a degree, it would become liquid. The destructive force would convert in a water of vitality that could draw out potential.


 Lightning path Gu Immortals often built lightning pools, storing this lightning water inside.


 Lightning path Gu Immortals would use these lightning pools to nurture large numbers of lightning path mortal Gu.


 The significance of a lightning pool to lightning path Gu Immortals was like Five Light Mountain to light path Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan had already reached the center of the turbulent flow sea area.


 With his strength, he could not go into currents rashly anymore. The strength of the currents had gotten stronger, if Fang Yuan went in, he would be swept away.


 In this situation, to get to his destination, it depended on luck.


 With good luck, a random current would bring him to his destination, Fang Yuan would be able to travel smoothly.


 If he was unlucky, even after dozens of currents, he might still be going in circles.


 This was the special characteristic of the turbulent flow sea area.


 Fang Yuan entered the lightning water current.


 This current was huge, it was as if Fang Yuan was a small rabbit which had entered a large river.


 Thankfully, the lightning water was very calm. Only the ripples at the top would create lightning, with destructive force that would destroy whatever touched it.


 Fang Yuan only had to sink to the bottom of the lightning water, the immortal essence expenditure was low, it was calm and smooth.


 He traveled along with this current.


 A while later, Fang Yuan got to the end of the lightning water current.


 At the end, there was another current with the same size as the lightning water current.


 Fang Yuan entered it as the water carried him along.


 He was quite lucky.


 Even though there were some hurdles, in the end, he still moved closer to his target destination.


 A day and a night later, Fang Yuan got to an empty space with no currents.


 This was the twelve one he had seen during this trip.


 “This space has just formed, the surroundings currents won’t change for now, I should rest first.” Fang Yuan wanted to rest here.


 Because now, even he felt a little tired. The expenditure of immortal essence was not small.


 But after resting for a while, there was some commotion from the current above his head.


 Soon, a giant oyster came out of the current.


 This oyster was the size of four elephants, it gave off the aura of an ancient desolate beast, the surface was entirely white-gold.


 After seeing Fang Yuan, this oyster moved in a stunned manner.


 Soon after, a voice came from the oyster: “Eh? There’s someone here, you are just a rank six Gu Immortal, how can you reach here?”


 Fang Yuan did not speak.


 The oyster’s shell opened, as its pinkish flesh was exposed.


 This flesh was like a bed, with three people lying on it.


 Two mortals female, considerably beautiful, were lying on a male Gu Immortal’s body with their clothing undone.


 This male Gu Immortal had a young man appearance, he was thin and had a sharp gaze, he looked at Fang Yuan with an overbearing gaze, he analyzed as he said with curiosity: “Strange, strange, you really have rank six cultivation level, quickly tell me your name.”


 Fang Yuan was silent, his gaze went from the male Gu Immortal to the oyster.


 The male Gu Immortal was angry: “Hey, I am talking to you, are you deaf or mute?”


 Fang Yuan asked instead: “This is the rumored precious beast — hidden room oyster?”


 The male Gu Immortal immediately felt praised, he laughed: “You have quite some knowledge, I had asked for this from my grandpa after much work. My grandfather is the famous enslavement path Gu Immortal in Eastern Sea, Ren Xiu Ping!’


 Fang Yuan nodded, saying plainly: “I know about Ren Xiu Ping, he is an expert at the peak of rank seven, not long ago, he found his blood related grandson, and spent a lot of effort to get him to ascend to immortal, that is you, right?”


 “Hahaha.” The male Gu Immortal laughed: “That’s right, that’s right, You are not bad, your foresight is good.”


 “Mm. Hand over the hidden room oyster, and I will spare your life.” Fang Yuan said plainly.


 “What?!” The male Gu Immortal thought he was hearing things.


 His expression froze, he laughed out of pure anger, he pointed at Fang Yuan: “Good, good! I praised you wrongly, you have foresight but you are blind, you offended the wrong person! You are truly courting death! Then I shall — Ah!”


 The male Gu Immortal was still talking, when he suddenly gasped.


 Fang Yuan had already attacked.


 The strength path giant hand grabbed the hidden room oyster fiercely.


 The male Gu Immortal had a fearful expression, because he realized that the hidden room oyster was currently being squeezed by the giant hand, the two shells were making cracking noises under the pressure.


 “Misunderstanding, it is a misunderstanding.” He screamed: “I am Ren Xiu Ping’s grandson, who are you, we might be friends!”


 “Who is friends with you? I can let you go, just hand over the Gu worm that controls the hidden room oyster.” Fang Yuan sneered: “Otherwise, you will die here.”


 “You are a demonic path Gu Immortal! You cannot do this, my grandfather will not let you off, think about it clearly!”


 “It’s just Ren Xiu Ping, so what.” Fang Yuan smiled, aura surged out of his body, going from rank six to the peak of rank seven.


 The young Gu Immortal had an ashen expression, the two mortal female beauties were completely shocked, they were shrinking away in a corner, shivering.



***
Chapter 1156 - Immortal Gu Perceivable Dao


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 A moment later, Fang Yuan controlled the hidden room oyster, becoming its new master.


 Pat pat pat.


 He patted the young Gu Immortal’s face: “Wise choice, lad.”


 The young Gu Immortal had a stiff expression, he did not dare to move, but his eyes were burning with embarrassment and hatred.


 Fang Yuan ignored it.


 Next, he jumped up into the hidden room oyster, sitting in the young Gu Immortal’s former spot as he left.


 Before leaving, he even said: “My name is Chu Ying, I took your hidden room oyster, remember to tell your grandfather.”


 Looking at the hidden room oyster which had closed its shell and vanished into the currents, the young Gu Immortal said with a forceful tone: “Good, Chu Ying? Don’t worry, I have already transmitted your appearance to my grandfather!”


 “Young master, what do we do now?” The two beauties were crying, they were tugging the young Gu Immortal’s sleeves.


 The young Gu Immortal’s expression froze, the surrounding space was shrinking, the currents were about to form, his expression sank.


 With his strength, he could not enter this place, he got here thanks to the hidden room oyster.


 “Don’t worry, even though the hidden room oyster is lost, I have my grandfather’s traveling son Gu, I can return to the doting mother Gu, which is with my grandfather.” The young Gu Immortal gritted his teeth.


 “That’s great, we are saved!” The two girls were overjoyed.


 Boom boom!


 With two sounds, the two beautiful girls looked with shocked gazes, one looked at the bloody hole in her chest while the other looked at the young Gu Immortal: “Young master, you...”


 The young Gu Immortal had a grim expression: “Both of you witnessed everything, hmph!”


 Immediately after, he showed a look of pity.


 He stretched out of arm, touching the two beauties’ faces: “It is a pity, they are quite beautiful, it is all Chu Ying’s fault.”


 As he said that, he threw these two corpses into the current.


 Without the defensive methods of a Gu Immortal, the mortal corpses were torn to shreds in the currents instantly.


 Seeing that this space was about to collapse, the young Gu Immortal gritted his teeth, using traveling son Immortal Gu.


 This turbulent flow sea area had very chaotic dao marks, the same applied to space path, Gu Immortals could not use space path Immortal Gu easily, the safest way was to travel normally.


 But the young Gu Immortal was not using a space path Immortal Gu now, but emotion path instead.


 Emotion path was a path originating from wisdom path. Wisdom path had three elements, thoughts, wills, emotions.


 Traveling son Gu and doting mother Gu were a set of famous Immortal Gu in emotion path.


 When the turbulent flow sea area was formed, emotion path had not been created yet, thus, at this moment, the young Gu Immortal could use traveling son Gu without any danger.


 The young Gu Immortal allowed the power of traveling son Gu to send him away.


 He seemed to have entered a long river, he felt groggy and dazed. A few minutes later, he regained his senses, realizing that he was inside Ren Xiu Ping’s blessed land.


 “Grandfather, I...” The young Gu Immortal showed fear and unrest.


 “Hmph, while I was placing my immortal aperture to absorb heaven and earth qi and stabilize my blessed land, you sneaked out to have fun. If I knew this, I would not have given you the hidden room oyster for protection.” Ren Xiu Ping chided.


 “Grandfather, the hidden room oyster was taken away.” The young Gu Immortal said in a distressed tone: “I met a demon, he stole my hidden room oyster and killed my two servants!”


 “Oh?” Ren Xiu Ping’s eyebrows rose: “Tell me the details.”


 The young Gu Immortal added lots of inflammatory details as he explained.


 “Chu Ying...” Ren Xiu Ping muttered, frowning.


 He had never heard of this name before. The two mortal girls were nothing, but a rank seven Gu Immortal approached and took away the hidden room oyster, this was the act of a demonic scoundrel. But why did he leave his name behind?


 Was he not Chu Ying but someone else? Trying to frame him?


 What ulterior motives did he have?


 But regardless, Ren Xiu Ping memorized the name of Chu Ying.


 He had a cold expression as he lectured his grandson: “Now, do you know about the cruelty of the Gu Immortal world? Up until now, you have been around me, all you saw were immortals I was on good terms with, they had a warm attitude towards you, or even flattered you because of me. Now, you have to learn a lesson, I will punish you to ten years of secluded cultivation. For the next ten years, you have to stay in my immortal aperture and will not leave.”


 “What?” The young Gu Immortal was shocked.


 “Scram.” Ren Xiu Ping billowed his sleeve, the young Gu Immortal’s vision changed, he was inside a cave instantly.


 “A jade cannot become refined without polishing, grandson, I cannot let you mess around anymore. Otherwise, even with my protection, there are many people in Eastern Sea who would not give me face. As for this Chu Ying, I will deal with him one day!” Thinking of this, Ren Xiu Ping’s eyes flashed with ruthlessness.


 ...


 “Since I am trying to befriend Miao Ming Shen, I might as well offend Ren Xiu Ping.”


 “Speaking of which, this hidden room oyster is quite useful, it is easy to use for transport. As long as the current isn’t too strong, I can rest inside and regain my strength.”


 Fang Yuan sat inside the hidden room oyster as it flowed along with the currents.


 Just like this, he got closer to his destination.


 But in the turbulent flow sea area, distance did not relate to time from destination.


 After taking the hidden room oyster, Fang Yuan’s luck started to fall, he encountered several bad currents and went in bad directions. He had to make many detours.


 After a long trip, a day later, he finally reached the central area of the turbulent flow sea area.


 The currents here were massive, Fang Yuan entered them like an ant jumping into a river.


 Ordinary currents would change directions or locations once in a while.


 But the central area of the turbulent flow sea area was too big, because of its size, it was hard to shift, even though it changed at every moment, the extent was small, it was actually quite stable.


 And in these currents, there were many bubbles.


 There were big and small bubbles, from the size of a human head to a mountain.


 These bubbles were formed during the huge battle, it was unknown which great expert’s immortal killer move did it.


 In the bubbles, there were carcasses and inheritances. Most bubbles contained sea water and small sized islands.


 “Found it, it’s this!” Fang Yuan looked for his target, he approached it with difficulty before entering it.


 The bubble’s surface was torn open, but it soon was restored, only some water went in, it was not a problem.


 Fang Yuan’s vision changed.


 There was a green sea with a calm surface.


 The sky was pure white, like an egg in color.


 It was simply another world!


 At the center of the sea, there was an island, there was wild grass on the island, and in the grass, there were many tall stone pillars.


 Some people said that the worlds inside the bubbles were actually portions of the turbulent flow sea area originally, but after the battle, space was torn into pieces.


 Some also said that these were the fragment worlds of the great expert’s immortal aperture, because of a unique immortal killer move, these bubbles were formed.


 Fang Yuan did not care about the reason why there were bubbles.


 He came to the stone pillar and took out flying sword Immortal Gu.


 Seemingly having sensed the information path insignia on flying sword Immortal Gu, these stone pillars started to shine in red light, soon after, they started to move slowly.


 When they slowed down, space of around a vat’s size opened, as a skeleton fell out.


 Fang Yuan carefully inspected it.


 This skeleton was full of bone path dao marks, it was a quasi rank eight immortal material.


 The skeleton’s right hand was holding a dark green lump.


 Fang Yuan took out this dark green lump, after inspecting it, he burst it and several sleeping Gu worms were revealed.


 Two Immortal Gu, and five mortal Gu.


 Unfortunately, most of them were dead, only a corpse was left. When the wind blew, they turned to ash.


 Countless years had passed, the Gu worm preservation method was not very good, it was no wonder that time prevailed.


 Eventually, only one rank six Immortal Gu was left.


 Fang Yuan quickly saved it, as it barely hung onto life.


 “What Gu worm is this?” Fang Yuan was perplexed, he did not recognize it.


 Looking at the skeleton, there was nothing left.


 “This is that so called information path inheritance.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 An ordinary Gu Immortal would be joyous. But Fang Yuan, who had just obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, felt quite unsatisfied.


 Inspecting the corpse, Fang Yuan discovered that in the skull of this skeleton, there were many thoughts sealed.


 The thoughts were fragmented, but Fang Yuan was a wisdom path grandmaster, he could barely excavate some details from them.


 The name of the Gu Immortal who left behind this inheritance could not be found. Fang Yuan only knew that he had barely survived that intense battle with his last breath, he managed to enter this bubble and set up his inheritance.


 It was indeed an information path inheritance, but most of the information was lost.


 But Fang Yuan was not leaving empty handed.


 He knew the name of the Immortal Gu he saved — Perceivable Dao.


 Perceivable dao Immortal Gu was an information path investigative Immortal Gu. It had a very niche effect, it could help the Gu Immortal see clearly what types of dao marks the target had and their quantity as well.


 As for the origin of this skeleton, it was not the inheritance’s creator, but an enemy killed by the information path Gu Immortal.


 In the thoughts, the information path Gu Immortal who left this inheritance said that this skeleton could be used as immortal material directly. Because the enemy’s dao marks were all left inside this skeleton.


 This made Fang Yuan feel some surprise.


 Because after a Gu Immortal dies, their dao marks usually go back to the immortal aperture. Unless it was an immortal zombie, without a normal immortal aperture, their dao marks would remain in the body.


 “This information path Gu Immortal has amazing methods, he could gather all of the Gu Immortal’s dao marks into their skeleton and preserve them. Unfortunately, the inheritance’s information is too lacking, and it cannot be restored.”


 Fang Yuan felt it was a great pity.


 He was hoping that this information path inheritance could allow him to obtain a method to break his alliance agreements.


 Unfortunately, most things in the world do not proceed as one hopes.


 What he obtained was only perceivable dao Immortal Gu.


 Keeping the Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan prepared to leave.


 “Murderer, where are you going!” At this moment, a blood-red figure charged into this huge bubble.


 His bloodshot eyes were staring at Fang Yuan fiercely!



***
Chapter 1157 - Exterminate


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The other party had arrived imposingly, staring at Fang Yuan fixedly, he had injuries on his body, his hair was messy and he looked to be in a sorry state.


 One thought flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind: “Ding Qi.”


 Some days ago, Immortal Hua Die had told Fang Yuan about the blood path demonic path immortal, Ding Qi, who had come to the turbulent flow sea area. His brother, Ding Yan, was the blood path demonic immortal that had died at Liu Qing Yu’s hands.


 Now, Fang Yuan saw this person, he naturally had a guess towards his identity.


 Next, another group of Gu Immortals appeared as they charged into the bubble.


 The two at the front were familiar to Fang Yuan.


 One was Tang Song, the other was Zhou Li.


 Tang Song shouted: “Ding Qi, where are you trying to go? In exactly one year, it will be the anniversary of your death! It is a pity, your brother is dead, nobody is going to send you offerings, hahaha!”


 Ding Qi seemingly did not hear anything, he stared at Fang Yuan, gritting his teeth: “It’s you! You just obtained the information path inheritance, my brother found that clue after so much trouble, but it is with you. You are also his murderer!!”


 “What?” The Gu Immortals pursuing him heard this and turned to stare at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Interesting. How did you know I took the inheritance?”


 Ding Qi smiled coldly: “Because I have blood trace Immortal Gu.”


 Saying this, he used his Immortal Gu.


 Soon, blood colored shadows appeared in the island. The shadows formed a series of movements, it was Fang Yuan who had entered the bubble and took away the information path inheritance.


 Zhou Li and Tang Song screamed angrily: “He stole the inheritance!”


 “Who are you?”


 “Hand over the inheritance!”


 Fang Yuan’s smile bloomed, he ignored the immortals, he only looked at Ding Qi with curiosity: “Blood trace Immortal Gu, this is the first time I have heard of this.”


 “This is a blood path Immortal Gu that I created together with my brother. Other than this, we also created the Immortal Gu Blood Oath!” Mentioning his brother, Ding Qi was extremely angry and upset.


 Zhou Li, Tang Song, and the other immortals were furious too.


 As it turned out, Liu Qing Yu gathered a bunch of people to come to the turbulent flow sea area, it caused Ding Qi to appear.


 Information got out, Zhou Li and Tang Song also gathered a group of Gu Immortals to come here. Initially, they were suspicious that Liu Qing Yu had gotten the information path inheritance clue.


 They had spent so much effort in getting here, but the immortals met Ding Qi.


 Ding Qi had already gotten here long ago, using blood trace Immortal Gu to make some arrangements.


 Both sides fought, but Ding Qi was alone, even though he was a blood path demonic immortal, he could not rival so many enemies, he had to escape while fighting.


 During which, Fang Yuan came in and obtained the inheritance. Ding Qi felt something and rushed over without caring about anything else, meeting Fang Yuan.


 “This is blood trace Immortal Gu? Very interesting indeed.” Fang Yuan looked at Ding Qi with a look of appreciation, sighing: “Geniuses are indeed everywhere, they have their own unique talents.”


 Speaking of blood path, the most famous person was Blood Sea Ancestor.


 He was a great demon with seven Blood Sea true inheritances, everyone knew about them, he had left a deep mark in history.


 But at present, if blood path experts were listed down, Ding Qi and Ding Yan would definitely have reputable rankings.


 These brothers had deeply researched, they created Blood Oath and Blood Trace, these two blood path Immortal Gu. Most importantly, they actually managed to refine them, in terms of blood path, they were truly talented, it was rare.


 “What are you sighing about, hand over the inheritance!”


 “That’s right, the inheritance is mine, you are an outsider, you actually snatched it from us.”


 Zhou Li and Tang Song screamed.


 They had worked so hard and put in so much effort, in the end, an outsider whose name was not even known had taken their rightful gains.


 Zhou Li and Tang Song had already regarded this inheritance as their own. Fang Yuan was naturally taking away their food, how could they stand it?!


 Zhou Li and Tang Song gave up on their original target, Ding Qi, they turned towards Fang Yuan.


 But Ding Qi was even quicker, he directly attacked Fang Yuan: “Murderer, hand over your life!”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “You want my life, but I’m not going to play with you. The inheritance is mine already anyway.”


 Saying so, he charged out of the bubble, going into the currents.


 “Chase!”


 “We will catch him, dead or alive!!”


 Zhou Li and Tang Song shouted angrily, they refused to give up, especially Fang Yuan’s final words, it truly sent their anger over the edge.


 A group of Gu Immortals were chasing in the chaotic currents.


 In this special environment, Gu Immortals could only move along with the currents. During the process, countless attacks aimed at Fang Yuan were unleashed.


 Fang Yuan used his Immortal Gu to defend as he accelerated.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu was not to be underestimated, soon, a group of Gu Immortals fell behind, they were too far apart.


 “Eh? This person’s movement is so familiar!” Zhou Li was perplexed.


 Tang Song’s eyes opened wide, he wanted to get back his inheritance, he did not think in that aspect at all.


 Between the two sides, there was also the blood path demonic immortal Ding Qi.


 His eyes were blood red, he was filled with killing intent: “Die, die! My brother died, and you took advantage of it, it was such a regretful death. Death, you deserve death, I will tear you into pieces!!”


 Intense rage burned through his rationality, he was in a frenzied state.


 Fang Yuan suddenly turned, dodging a huge waves of attacks.


 The pursuers were stifled.


 Fang Yuan’s movements were too slippery, even if some killer moves could chase after the enemy, he destroyed them personally.


 The Gu Immortals chased him for so long, but there was no result, they even wasted a lot of immortal essence.


 Here was not like other places, the environment was quite unique.


 A bubble appeared before them, Fang Yuan thoughts shifted, directly entering it.


 “He went in!”


 “Quick, quick, encircle it.”


 “Something is wrong, why did he enter a bubble instead of escaping?”


 The immortals surrounded this bubble, but they did not enter, they were filled with suspicion.


 A blood-red figure shot into the bubble like an arrow.


 It was the blood path demonic immortal Ding Qi, he was more resolute than these Gu Immortals.


 The immortals stayed outside the bubble, but they saw no disturbance.


 They started to get restless, they could not stand it anymore, Tang Song went in first, followed by Zhou Li, and the rest, all of the Gu Immortals went into the bubble.


 “Strange, where is this?”


 “A city?”


 The Gu Immortals who came in found that they had appeared amidst some houses for some reason.


 These houses were designed meticulously, but they had broken walls, as if an earthquake had occurred here.


 Furthermore, this place was full of cobwebs and dust, it looked like a city that had been abandoned for many years.


 “Strange, strange. There are lots of pans and bowls here, it seems like many people had lived here before.”


 “On such a large scale, they cannot be Gu Immortals. But mortals actually lived here?”


 “Even before the turbulent flow sea area formed, I have never heard of many mortals living here.”


 The Gu Immortals gathered as they discussed.


 “Also, where is that Gu Immortal who ran away?”


 “Ding Qi is missing too.”


 “No, Ding Qi is there, facing Lord Tang Song.”


 “The Gu Immortal who took the inheritance is really missing, he seems to be hiding inside here.”


 “Find him and force him to hand over the inheritance!”


 The immortals were about to get to work, when they suddenly heard Fang Yuan’s voice from the sky, it was loud and grand: “You are all here, good, everyone, enjoy this. It is your final moment before death.”


 As he said this, the immortals felt the sky turning dark.


 They raised their heads and at the next moment, the immortals showed extremely shocked expressions.


 Only to see that a huge hand, enormously big, covering the entire sky, pressed down slowly.


 The aura was too imposing, it was like the sky was collapsing, everyone felt a strong feeling of weakness and helplessness.


 “Impossible! This is an illusion, if he has such strength, how could he be running away from us?” Zhou Li shouted.


 The immortals jolted, their morale rose, they felt that Zhou Li was right.


 All of the immortals attacked.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, the giant hand pressed down, countless houses collapsed, several Gu Immortals died at once, turning into meat paste.


 “How can this be?” Zhou Li climbed up from the pit with much difficulty, he opened his eyes and looked around in disbelief.


 The entire city was gone, it was a pathetic sight full of ruins.


 The Gu Immortals who survived stood up in the rubble, they were all shocked and fearful.


 In a contest of strength, they had so many Gu Immortals, but they actually lost.


 “Shadow Sect’s trap is truly useful. Hehe.” Fang Yuan thought as he activated strength path giant hand again.


 Thus, in the immortals’ eyes, the sky turned dark again, the giant hand crashed down slowly while covering the entire sky.


 “It’s coming, it’s coming again!”


 “Hold on, we have to endure it!!”


 “At the moment of life and death, forget about the rest, take out your trump cards and survive this trial.”


 The immortals shouted, they were fearful and uneasy, their attitude was clearly different from before.


 Boom!


 The giant hand caused the entire ground to lower by several meters, this time, only three people stood up.


 Zhou Li, Tang Song, and the blood path demonic immortal Ding Qi.


 Giant hand was used for the third time, the three immortals had a look of despair.


 “I will not let you have an easy time even if I die!” Ding Qi self-detonated.


 Zhou Li and Tang Song resisted but to no avail.


 Eventually, they died at Fang Yuan’s hands.


 “Secluded domain of heaven and earth — City Well, it truly lives up to its reputation!” Fang Yuan praised as he sighed.


 Right now, there was a well in front of him.


 The well was squarish on the outside, but it was circular on the surface inside.


 Fang Yuan stood on the edge of the well, he looked down, seeing a miniature town at the bottom of the well. Right now, it had been completely decimated from his three uses of giant hand.


 There were some bloody patches in the rubble, it was the meat paste of Gu Immortals who were killed.


 City Well first appeared in >.


 Or more accurately, >, chapter four, section twenty-three clearly described it.



***
Chapter 1158 - City Well


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Legend has it ——


 Ren Zu’s fourth child, Boundless Forest Samsara, fell from the tree, she did not follow after Ren Zu, instead, she was trapped inside Ordinary Abyss.


 One day, when she was sleeping, she met a miniman.


 The miniman was crying, Boundless Forest Samsara asked him why.


 The miniman spoke while crying: “I am the tallest in my tribe, and I was brave, arrogant and proud because of this. Today, I intended to climb a mountain, but to think that this mountain was really a person. There are actually such giant people like you in the world, this is the first time I’ve seen someone like you, so I burst into tears!”


 Since then, Boundless Forest Samsara and the miniman became good friends, they were inseparable.


 “Miniman, oh miniman, where is your father? Do you not have siblings? Why have I never seen your family?” One day, Boundless Forest Samsara asked the miniman.


 The miniman directed Boundless Forest Samsara to a well, saying: “Look at this well, my former home is inside.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara sprawled in front of the well, extending her head to look inside.


 Next, she shouted: “Ah, there are so many minimen.”


 She saw that there were countless minimen inside the well, they were living together.


 They built many houses, they lived among each other, there were markets, flowers, it was a harmonious scene, they were very happy.


 The minimen in the well also shouted.


 “Why did the sky become so dark? It’s night time already?”


 “There was thunder but no rain, I don’t see lightning either!”


 The minimen were in panic, they discussed as the entire city went into commotion.


 “Your family is here? Why did you go outside the well, you don’t want to live with them?” Boundless Forest Samsara asked.


 The miniman shook his head: “They were the ones who exiled me, they think I am a monster.”


 “Oh? Why is that?” Boundless Forest Samsara was curious.


 The miniman answered with sadness: “I told them that the world we were living in was just a well. The outside world is very big. But they did not believe me, they told me to stop spouting nonsense.”


 “I also told them that the mountain at the fringe of our city is a very small mound. But they refuse to believe me, they think that it is the tallest mountain in the world, they told me to stop spreading lies.”


 “Which mountain is it?” Boundless Forest Samsara asked.


 “That’s Miniscule Mountain.” The miniman pointed.


 Boundless Forest Samsara started to giggle: “You call that a mountain? It can fit in my palm!”


 Suddenly, Boundless Forest Samsara clapped: “Then let me tell them the truth.”


 The miniman shook his head: “It is useless.”


 Boundless Forest Samsara did not believe him, she faced the well as she shouted, the minimen inside started to panic even more.


 They felt that today was too strange.


 Not only did the sky turn dark, there was thunder rumbling, and it was getting louder and more frequent.


 “Heaven is raging, I want to repent, I want to confess!”


 “No, it is a monster, a monster ate heaven, it is burping now.”


 “Save me, this world is getting destroyed!”


 Some minimen knelt on the ground and begged, some had despair on their faces, while others were running around crazily.


 Boundless Forest Samsara’s breathing became a tornado inside the well.


 Boundless Forest Samsara’s saliva became a huge rainstorm when it went into the well.


 Boundless Forest Samsara’s words were like rumbling thunder in the minimen’s ears, their eardrums almost burst from it.


 Boundless Forest Samsara eventually gave up, she sprawled outside the well, exhausted, she said weakly: “Why are these minimen so stupid? Can’t they be like you, to get out of the well and see the world?”


 The miniman shook his head as he sighed: “They think that they are big enough, they think the sky is round, they think the mountain is only that tall, they think life is just like this.”


 “Then why did you climb out?” Boundless Forest Samsara opened her eyes wide as she asked with curiosity.


 The miniman smiled bitterly: “Because I realized how small and insignificant I was, therefore, I got out to see how big the world is.”


 ...


 Fang Yuan walked in a circle around City Well, his eyes were flickering brightly.


 This was the third secluded domain of heaven and earth he had encountered.


 The first two were Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley.


 In order to harm Fang Yuan, Ying Wu Xie had set up a trap, it was by using City Well. But Fang Yuan took him by surprise, he obtained precious information from Liu Qing Yu, and in turn, made use of City Well to kill a bunch of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals instead.


 Like what was recorded in >, Boundless Forest Samsara’s breathing became a tornado, and her saliva became rain. Fang Yuan was outside the well, when he used his immortal killer move, the power was amplified by tens or hundreds of times when it entered the well!


 But Fang Yuan had to pay a price.


 His immortal essence expenditure was also tens or hundreds of times as high.


 Even though Fang Yuan only used three giant hands, the expenditure was around the same as a hundred uses of it.


 If an uninformed person entered the bottom of City Well, they would be trapped. But once they realize their situation and know this is City Well, they would be able to escape.


 Like what > said, once the miniman realized his own insignificance, and wanted to see the world outside, he managed to climb out of City Well.


 One could say, leaving City Well was both difficult and easy.


 Precisely so, Ying Wu Xie did not use City Well to target Fang Yuan to a great extent.


 Firstly, he could not control his strength, what if he killed Fang Yuan, how could he find the immortal material to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu again?


 Secondly, Fang Yuan might immediately recognize the truth and escape with the upper extreme heavenly eagle, by then, Ying Wu Xie would not stand a chance.


 The bigger reason was the second one.


 Because he was uncertain, Ying Wu Xie made this City Well a trap to stall Fang Yuan, instead of using it to kill him.


 Fang Yuan wanted to take this City Well for himself.


 Because this secluded domain of heaven and earth would be a huge help to him when he develops his immortal aperture.


 Pulling mountain Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan began to try.


 But City Well only shook slightly.


 Pulling Mountain could pull out mountains, but City Well was not a mountain, although it was on the ground and needed earth qi.


 Strength path giant hand!


 Fang Yuan tried to dig out City Well.


 However, once the giant hand got close to City Well, it rapidly shrank, like a burst bubble, in a few breaths’ time, it was completely depleted.


 “It seems that even though Shadow Sect has control of this secluded domain of heaven and earth, they cannot relocate it.”


 Fang Yuan tried a few more times without success. His best attempt was the first time, the result was evident, he used pulling mountain Immortal Gu and managed to make City Well shake slightly.


 “In this case, pulling mountain Immortal Gu is actually effective, but just Pulling Mountain alone is not enough, I need to think of an immortal killer move that can relocate this City Well.”


 Realizing this, Fang Yuan could only give up for now.


 He entered the well, when he got to the bottom, his body became very small.


 Looting the battlefield.


 Only Zhou Li and Tang Song had complete corpses, Fang Yuan put them into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 As for the other Gu Immortals, they were all meat paste.


 The blood path demonic immortal Ding Qi had self-detonated, but his blood path immortal aperture was left behind.


 Other than him, the other Gu Immortals also left behind their immortal apertures.


 Soon, the world inside the well started to stir, heaven and earth qi burst out as blessed lands formed one by one.


 Fang Yuan spent a lot of time entering these blessed lands and exploring them.


 Forget about Immortal Gu.


 But there were quite a number of resources that were normally owned by Eastern Sea cultivators.


 These Gu Immortals were not as poor as Liu Qing Yu, most of their assets were still around.


 Except the blood path demonic immortal Ding Qi, even all of the resources inside his immortal aperture were destroyed. Even so, Fang Yuan was a blood path grandmaster, he had enough attainment level to annex Ding Qi’s blessed land and expand the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Inside these blessed lands, some had land spirits, some did not.


 In the blessed lands without land spirits, Fang Yuan took away all of their resources. Those with land spirits were more troublesome, they needed to acknowledge him as their master, otherwise, Fang Yuan could not take away all of the resources inside.


 Of course, it was not impossible to just plunder it, but that was a short term benefit disregarding the long term gains.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not use brute force.


 After spending some time in the well, he left and started to modify this bubble.


 The bubble had a sea and an island, City Well was in the middle of the island. Because of Ying Wu Xie’s arrangement, outsiders would directly end up at the bottom of the well when they went in.


 But Fang Yuan had Liu Qing Yu’s information, he did not fall for it. Instead, he used this trap to kill all the pursuers, he got rid of a lot of trouble.


 If Ying Wu Xie knew that his arrangements not only failed to give Fang Yuan problems, they even provided huge help to him, would he spit out blood from anger?


 Fang Yuan preserved some of Ying Wu Xie’s arrangements, at the same time, he added in some of his own methods, to conceal the bubble even more.


 Next, he left the bubble and directed the bubble to a new location.


 Not long ago, Ying Wu Xie did the same thing.


 This bubble with City Well was not originally here. Ying Wu Xie wanted to harm Fang Yuan, he spent a lot of time and effort to move this bubble here.


 Inside the current, Fang Yuan could not control where he went, he was washed away by it.


 Thankfully, he had the hidden room oyster, he could rest inside.


 Fang Yuan moved back and forth dozens of times before moving this bubble into another current.


 He spent more than ten times the amount of immortal essence and time as Ying Wu Xie.


 After completing this, Fang Yuan took a detour and went to Ying Wu Xie’s former camp.


 There, it was another island in a bubble.


 Fang Yuan entered deep underground, but Regret Pool was already taken apart by Ying Wu Xie, even the surrounding Gu formations were gone.


 The tributary of the River of Time that Shadow Sect had kept here was also missing.


 This was the special characteristic of the turbulent flow sea area, every current was constantly changing and moving.


 “But with this, it is enough to befriend Miao Ming Shen.” Fang Yuan used his information path mortal Gu, sending it through treasure yellow heaven.



***
Chapter 1159 - Development of the Sovereign Immortal Aperture


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days later, Fang Yuan waited for Immortal Hua Die to arrive.


 “There is a trace of the River of Time indeed, it is very recent!” Immortal Hua Die inspected and felt overjoyed. With this clue, she could definitely locate the tributary of the river of time.


 “Chu Ying, we have truly troubled you. To think that you really found this tributary of the River of Time, we searched for decades without finding any useful clues!” Immortal Hua Die was very excited, she could finally give Miao Ming Shen good news.


 “Go ahead and track it. I do not need any compensation, I might need Lord Miao Ming Shen’s help in the future. I will take my leave.”


 Fang Yuan was understanding and kind, Immortal Hua Die had a good impression of him.


 Before leaving, she advised again: “Be careful, blood path demonic immortal Ding Qi has appeared, engaging in battle with Zhou Li and Tang Song. If you meet them, you should avoid them, there is no need to get involved in this.”


 “Fairy, I will remember your words, thank you.” Fang Yuan showed a moved expression.


 Immortal Hua Die had no idea: It was this person who had killed Ding Qi, Zhou Li, Tang Song, and everyone else. But the turbulent flow sea area was very complex, it was normal that they all went missing, nobody felt anything strange.


 There were often Gu Immortals who went missing for months or years before appearing suddenly again.


 Half a month later.


 Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 In this journey to Eastern Sea, even though his goal was not achieved, he had great gains.


 In the cloud city’s secret room, Fang Yuan quietly sat as his divine sense activated, inspecting his entire sovereign immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had changed greatly. In the past, it was barren and empty. But now, it had a lot of resources. At a glance, it was no longer so empty and boring.


 Actually, all of these resources that Fang Yuan gathered could not fit inside ordinary blessed lands.


 But the sovereign immortal aperture was simply too huge, after placing these resources, there was still a lot of space left.


 In Mini Northern Plains, half the area was covered in snow and frost. The other half had green grass, on this grassland, Fang Yuan placed a few desolate beasts, like the giant horned sheep and shark fin wolf that he had since long ago.


 In Mini Western Desert, there were already eleven eerie fire dragon python dens. Because of his aperture’s rate of time being at sixty times, along with Dong Fang tribe’s superb method of rearing, the eerie fire dragon pythons were reproducing at a rapid rate.


 In Mini Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan had created several artificial lakes, putting dragonfish groups, air bubble fish groups, literature carp groups and others. Now, with more of the common resources obtained from killing the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, he had great gains. Even though they were not particularly precious, the quantity was high, he could develop using this foundation.


 In Mini Central Continent, there was a huge area of mirror willows, it had formed a giant forest spanning a hundred li. Speaking of which, Fang Yuan had originally planted mirror willows inside Hu Immortal blessed land, after relocating them, these mirror willows were moved into Mini Central Continent. And because of the sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow, although Fang Yuan had never put effort in them, with just their own growth rate, the forest reached this scale.


 Other than mirror willows, Mini Central Continent also had a huge underground blood zhi forest, its scale was only slighter smaller than the mirror willows.


 Mini Central Continent was too huge, mirror willows and the blood zhi forest had no competitors, they could grow freely.


 The most flourishing region was Mini Southern Border, which was overflowing with life.


 The resources obtained from Hei Fan grotto-heaven were mostly relocated here.


 However, Mini Southern Border was not filled up.


 Large numbers of musical trees and tea streams were seen, there were also the qi death bird groups bringing immense vitality to Mini Southern Border.


 More than ten mountains had appeared in Mini Southern Border already.


 The tallest mountain was Five Light Mountain, it was bright and grand, followed by Immortal Succession Mountain, it had many stone pavilions on it, the scenery was good.


 Mini Southern Border’s most important resource was the regretful spider group, it had already grown in scale multiple times already.


 Above the five regions were the nine heavens.


 In Mini Orange Heaven, there were profound lights, they were emitting from the flowing light fruits, this was the result of Fang Yuan’s previous effort in farming them.


 In Mini Yellow Heaven, there was a gold fragment river, it was not big, but better than nothing.


 In Mini Azure Heaven, there was azure fog, it was the pill azure incense that Fang Yuan bought. There was also the storage pool of the heavenly crystals, it was temporarily placed here without any use.


 In Mini Blue Heaven, large clouds were floating with star fragment grass and arrow bamboo forests on them, producing star path mortal Gu for Fang Yuan. There was also a young ancient desolate beast falling star hound, it was saved by Fang Yuan and was playing around in Mini Blue Heaven.


 In Mini Purple Heaven, the heavenly crystal eagle nest was eaten by the upper extreme heavenly eagle, only an upper extreme heavenly eagle egg was left. There were also some heavenly crystal fragments. These were all exchanged from Lang Ya land spirit.


 In Mini Black Heaven, there was a walking meat tree.


 In Mini White Heaven, there were three remnant heavenly dogs, and a group of eagle hounds, as well as some multicolored overlord flowers, the light was making the environment quite conducive already. Earlier, because Fang Yuan killed some light path Gu Immortals, the light path dao marks in the immortal aperture had increased.


 “Unfortunately, I did not bring back City Well into the sovereign immortal aperture.”


 Fang Yuan was still thinking about City Well, inside the turbulent flow sea area.


 Even though City Well was damaged greatly, Fang Yuan could use Landscape as Before to restore it.


 The destroyed buildings could not be repaired, but Miniscule Mountain could definitely be reformed.


 It turned out that this legendary mountain had been destroyed during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain when Fairy Li Shan died. However, Fang Yuan thought of a way to restore it.


 According to >, Miniscule Mountain was a part of City Well.


 “If I had City Well, I could raise large numbers of variant human groups inside the well. It is a pity...”


 There were three stages in managing an immortal aperture.


 The initial stage was when the Gu Immortal grows enough resources to fulfill the needs of their Immortal Gu’s food.


 The middle stage would be to develop more resources in addition to the Immortal Gu’s food, to help the Gu Immortal in cultivation while also selling them for immortal essence stones.


 The upper stage would be raising variant humans inside the immortal aperture, or even humans. This had huge significance to the Gu Immortal and has many benefits as well.


 For example, earlier, Fang Yuan bought hairy man slaves in Hu Immortal blessed land to refine Gu for himself. This saved him a lot of time and effort.


 Among the other variant humans, minimen could grow flowers and grass, rockmen could develop underground space, snowmen could produce ice tears and survive in the icy plains...


 Pure bred humans had the greatest intelligence, they could reproduce rapidly and create things with their wisdom, large numbers of Gu recipes and killer moves could be created without the Gu Immortal making deductions themselves.


 If one developed well, the immortal aperture might even have Gu Immortals or human Gu Immortals. They would be extremely loyal because they grew up in there. This would be a great help for the immortal aperture’s owner.


 Currently, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was at the initial stage.


 Because he had gained a few more Immortal Gu, and had not fulfilled their feeding needs. Attitude Gu, wisdom sword Immortal Gu, and the other rank eight Immortal Gu were hard to feed. Fang Yuan could only devise a plan, he had solved a portion of them, but these problems were not resolved yet.


 However, in terms of the middle stage, he had incredible achievements.


 Because he had obtained countless resources from Star Form blessed land, Dong Fang tribe, and Hei Fan grotto-heaven. Most normal resources, like star path mortal Gu, regretful spiders, musical trees and others, they were all sold outside and provided profits.


 Not to mention Dang Hun Mountain, guts Gu has always been Fang Yuan’s greatest source of profit, it earned him revenue daily.


 Horses need extra grass to grow healthy, humans need windfalls to get rich.


 What made Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture so wealthy were the countless windfalls that he had obtained.


 And these resources were Fang Yuan’s great assurance in cultivating.


 Without these resources, no matter how high Fang Yuan’s battle strength was, he would not feel assured.


 Currently, Fang Yuan could not raise variant humans in large numbers.


 Of course, he could do the same thing as in Hu Immortal blessed land, buying large numbers of variant humans to work inside the immortal aperture for him. But that was not the proper way.


 The true way was to allow these variant humans to grow and reproduce naturally, they would be real members of the immortal aperture, living inside peacefully.


 Only like this, they could grow healthily and produce great profits in the future.


 If he bought variant human slaves and made them work, Fang Yuan would only incur losses. He had already learned this lesson in Hu Immortal blessed land. Fang Yuan’s stone nests had hairy man slaves dying from Gu refinement almost every day. The hairy man slaves had no time to reproduce or rest, their numbers dwindled, Fang Yuan could only make a loss as he continued to buy slaves to replenish them.


 However!


 If he had City Well, it would be different.


 City Well was a special environment isolated from the outside world, it was very suited for raising humans or variant humans. The reproduction and deaths of variant humans inside City Well would also have an effect of nourishing and elevating City Well itself.


 Forget about this mystical property for now.


 All in all, with City Well, Fang Yuan could instantly start his upper stage developments while still in the initial stage, he would obtain great gains.


 This would undoubtedly allow his cultivation journey to be smoother, and his cultivation level would grow many times faster.


 Fang Yuan ended his inspection of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 There were areas where he was pleased, and areas where he was not satisfied.


 What made Fang Yuan satisfied was, the sovereign immortal aperture’s dao marks had grown favorably. For example, earth path dao marks, even though they were still lacking, they had improved greatly compared to earlier.


 He was not satisfied with the fact that other than Mini Southern Border, the rest of the regions were still quite empty and had little resources. The sovereign immortal aperture was just too big.


 Having huge space was a good problem.


 The current situation would cause conflict between his resources in the future.


 For example, the mirror willows, they were growing rapidly in Mini Central Continent. If another type of plant also grew quickly, and the two types met, an intense conflict would occur.


 Conflict between plants was quite mild. But what about beast groups? If two fierce beast groups met, wouldn’t they fight to the death?


 If the blessed land was small, the Gu Immortal could adjust it quickly. But Fang Yuan’s blessed land was too big, by the time he noticed their conflict, his losses would be severe.


 To prevent this situation, Fang Yuan could only start planning early with great foresight.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was not easy to manage.


 Fang Yuan not only had to consider his current gains, he also had to think about the future.



***
Chapter 1160 - Qi Luck Sensation is Ineffective


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 In conclusion, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had already grown much, but it still needed a lot of development work.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had too much potential. It had five regions and nine heavens, even Mini Southern Border, which had taken in all of Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s resources, could not be filled up. Nobody would believe this story.


 And every layer of the nine heavens had the size of all five regions combined.


 Fang Yuan had already noticed that the development of the sovereign immortal aperture would be a vast and unparalleled project.


 Up until now, out of a hundred percent, his current developments could barely be considered to make up two percent completion.


 “Were it not for me being the person involved and witnessing this myself, how could I possibly believe that such an immortal aperture exists in this world?”


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Shadow Sect, and Zombie Alliance planned for a hundred thousand years to obtain this, I took this from them, this conflict is truly irreconcilable.”


 “Sigh! It is a pity... even though in this trip, I managed to deal a blow to Ying Wu Xie’s group, it could not truly shake their foundation.”


 Fang Yuan sighed when he thought of this.


 In the dark secret room, he sat quietly, his hair hung down to his waist, his skin was pure like jade, his eyes were unfathomably dark like an abyss, as cold light flashed in them occasionally.


 After adjusting his breathing, Fang Yuan mobilized his immortal essence, using an immortal killer move.


 Qi luck sensation!


 At once, a feeling spread out from Fang Yuan’s body.


 If he had luck inspection Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would be able to see his huge luck shaking above his head.


 Fang Yuan started to feel vague spots of sensation appearing one by one.


 Western Desert.


 The sun was blazing hot, causing steam to rise up from the sandy ground.


 A pursuit of life and death was engaging here.


 “Rascal, you actually dare to snatch the Gu worm that us bandits want!”


 “Don’t let me catch you, I will tear you to pieces, and use your skin as a lantern cover!!”


 “Surrender, obediently hand over polished gold Gu, and you might have a chance to live.”


 A large group of Gu Masters with an imposing aura were chasing Han Li, who was running in front of them.


 Han Li had extremely great luck, when he was alone, his luck could be low at times, but after it was connected, it had been very stable.


 He cultivated for a period of time, he had rank three cultivation level now.


 Elder level!


 In the Gu Master world, he could already hold his own. He was neither a beginner rank one nor a cannon fodder rank two.


 Rank three cultivation level was ‘elite’ in the Gu Master world.


 However, in his current situation, three of the pursuers had rank three cultivation level, the rest were rank two and one.


 Han Li could only run.


 His primeval essence fell rapidly, his injuries were becoming a burden, blood was oozing out.


 With every breath he took, Han Li endured pain that felt like a fire was burning his chest!


 But such pain could not make him let go.


 Right now, he was holding onto that polished gold Gu.


 “My aptitude is not high enough, even though I have fortuitous encounters, in the long term, they are unreliable.”


 “This polished gold Gu can increase my aptitude, it can grant me a brighter future.”


 “I need to push on! Only by betting my life on it, can I have a chance to get stronger in the future!”


 Han Li breathed roughly, he was extremely tired, but his legs moved like the wind, his running speed did not slow down at all.


 His eyes were burning with fire!


 Southern Border.


 Water flowed down the lush green mountain.


 Ye Fan shouted loudly, as his body suddenly grew to twice of his original size, he was tall and extraordinary.


 Multi-colored lights were shining out of his muscles and pores, his eyes were radiating with bright light, he was truly grand and elegant.


 Under the shocked gaze of his opponent, he punched with both fists like an unstoppable warrior, his aura was incredibly powerful.


 Rumble!


 Ye Fan took huge steps forward, everywhere he went, light shone as rocks shattered and streams dried, his enemies were forced back by him without any chance of retaliating.


 “Cough, cough, Shang clan’s Ye Fan, you live up to your reputation. This time, we, the Eighteen Sons of Wine Village admit defeat!” The leader of the enemies spat out blood, even though he wanted to get up, he could not.


 The other seventeen Gu Masters were also lying on the ground, some had fainted while others were grunting, even though they could not fight anymore, they stared at Ye Fan with intense hatred.


 Ye Fan slowly adjusted his stance, he let out a breath, his huge body shrunk back to its original size.


 He looked at his opponents on the ground, saying calmly: “According to the rules, you Eighteen Sons of Wine Village are not to take a step onto this mountain again. This is now Shang clan’s territory.”


 “Hmph, don’t worry, we might be lone cultivators, but we lost this contest fair and square, we will keep our word.” The leader replied firmly.


 Ye Fan nodded, he rubbed his hands together, as jade green light shone on the Eighteen Sons of Wine Village.


 They first shook in anxiety, but soon, they found that their injuries were rapidly recovering.


 Soon, the Eighteen Sons of Wine Village stood up, they were able to move again.


 The Eighteen Sons of Wine Village looked at Ye Fan with more relaxed expressions now.


 Ever since Ye Fan accepted Gu Immortal Shang Qing Qing’s Gu Master inheritance, his cultivation level might not have risen much, but his overall strength had grown drastically, he had methods in all aspects, and did not have a visible flaw.


 When Shang Xin Ci first became clan leader, Shang clan’s mortal sector had lots of internal and external problems. It was Ye Fan who stood up and helped Shang Xin Ci resolve her problems. Right now, Ye Fan chased away the Eighteen Sons of Wine Village, he helped Shang clan open up a new trade route and eased her political pressure.


 The leader sighed, cupping his fists: “Ye Fan, you are very strong, but you let us off in the end. We brothers will accept this favor, as long as you are in Shang clan, we will not target it. However, if you want to open up the trade route, we are only the third hurdle, you have two more obstacles ahead.”


 “I understand, any Gu Master in these two rounds would be stronger than all of you combined.” Ye Fan nodded expressionlessly.


 He had a lot of information, Shang clan was a huge force, Shang Xin Ci would not restrict Ye Fan in this aspect.


 But the leader’s following words made Ye Fan’s expression change: “Hehe! Ye Fan, be careful. These two obstacles have changed, not long ago, White Demon appeared and defeated those lone cultivators. Right now, she has already gathered all the Gu Masters in these two rounds, becoming the mastermind. If you arrived a day later, we would have surrendered to White Demon as well.”


 “White Demon? You mean, the Black and White Demons?” Ye Fan’s eyes shined brightly.


 The leader of the Eighteen Sons of Wine Village nodded: “If it were not a famous demonic cultivator like White Demon, why would those lone cultivators submit? She has unfathomable strength, I would advise you to consider it thoroughly.”


 Shang Xin Ci’s image appeared in Ye Fan’s mind, before Hei Tu appeared in his mind.


 “No!” His body shook with determination, he spoke plainly, with an indisputable tone: “I will go.”


 Central Continent.


 In a nameless cave.


 “Don’t come here, don’t come here!” Hong Yi’s clothes were torn, his muscular chest was exposed.


 A morbidly obese female Gu Master chuckled as she approached him: “Little sweetheart, can you escape? You have ended up in my hands, accept your fate. Just submit to me, hahaha.”


 Whoosh.


 With a soft sound, Hong Yi’s clothes were all stripped away.


 The female Gu Master jumped, about to press on him.


 “No!” Hong Yi screamed in fear, at the moment of crisis, he unleashed two hundred percent of his potential, he broke the seal on his body and pushed the female Gu Master away.


 “Impossible! How could you break the seal I created?” The female Gu Master was startled and angered.


 “That is because I am here.” A miniman Gu Master appeared on Hong Yi’s shoulder.


 “You finally came!” Hong Yi was about to cry.


 “We got the thing, let’s go!” The miniman whispered.


 The female Gu Master’s expression changed, she sensed something amiss, the muscles on her fat face distorted: “So that’s it! You two came here to steal my ecstasy water!”


 Hong Yi, Ye Fan, Han Li...


 Even though Fang Yuan could not see their experiences, he could sense their locations, and differentiate them.


 Because of their relationship from Connect Luck, qi luck sensation could detect them across all five regions.


 However, Hei Lou Lan and Ying Wu Xie were nowhere to be found.


 From this, Fang Yuan concluded that Ying Wu Xie indeed had a way to conceal his own luck connection.


 “Actually, so be it if he does. But Ying Wu Xie as a person is maturing, he will be much more problematic to deal with in the future.”


 This was why, there was no strongest Immortal Gu, only strongest Gu Immortal.


 The Gu Immortal was the core.


 Ying Wu Xie’s matured mind, in Fang Yuan’s opinion, was far scarier than whatever strong Immortal Gu he had.


 “The other party can deal with qi luck sensation, then in the future, I can only reduce the number of times I use this immortal killer move.”


 After all, this was an immortal killer move, it required green grape immortal essence to activate.


 Once it was used frequently, even Fang Yuan could not bear the cost.


 This trip to Eastern Sea was rather successful, but his green grape immortal essence stockpile had already reduced sharply, he needed to replenish it.


 From Fang Yuan’s perspective, the best situation was that he could find Ying Wu Xie’s location and exert pressure on him, or even kill him to get rid of the threat entirely.


 But currently, the situation was not as he wished.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he could only choose the best alternative and focus on raising his strength.


 But he knew deeply: “There was only one true inheritance of Hei Fan, but Shadow Sect has remnant forces in all five regions. In this trip to Eastern Sea, I did not get rid of Ying Wu Xie, the next time we meet, they might already greatly surpass me in strength.”


 Shadow Sect did not lack resources, and they had at least four Gu Immortals on their side.


 Right now, Fang Yuan could only do his best and develop, when they met again, hopefully, he would not be left in the dust by Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 Fang Yuan took out perceivable dao Immortal Gu.


 This rank six information path Gu worm was now healthy and strong, it gave off an alluring light, it had been saved by Fang Yuan.


 Breathing in deeply, Fang Yuan started to activate this Immortal Gu.



***
Chapter 1161 - Testing Perceivable Dao Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Perceivable dao Immortal Gu!


 This Immortal Gu had a round head and a black body, it had many segments in its body, once activated, it started to shine in starlight.


 Blue starlight reflected on Fang Yuan’s entire body.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply and concentrated, he observed meticulously, preventing any accidents from occurring.


 When Gu Masters use Gu, it was not safe. Many Gu worms had backlashes or weaknesses.


 The same went for Immortal Gu, and because they were powerful, the drawbacks and weaknesses were also larger.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan was using perceivable dao Immortal Gu, even though he used wisdom path methods to deduce it already, he still had to be careful.


 Initially, starlight only shone on Fang Yuan’s body. But after a few breaths of time, starlight accumulated, it covered Fang Yuan’s entire body like a thin layer of water.


 Starlight gathered into shining water, it got thicker and thicker, accumulating on Fang Yuan’s face, limbs, and body.


 Afterwards, as time passed, the shining water faded, after more than ten breaths, it vanished.


 The starlight around perceivable dao Immortal Gu also vanished, it returned to its black state.


 But in Fang Yuan’s mind, there was some information, he could see how many dao marks he had in his body.


 The greatest number were in snow path and ice path dao marks, reaching a total of sixteen thousand!


 Fang Yuan learned this and his heart jumped.


 A hundred dao marks meant that an Immortal Gu’s effect would increase by ten percent. A thousand dao marks would double its effect. Then sixteen thousand dao marks would result in sixteen times the amplification of effects!


 This meant that when Fang Yuan uses an Immortal Gu from ice or snow path, the effect would be very strong. For example, compared to a Gu Immortal without any dao marks using an ice or snow path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s might would be seventeen times of this Gu Immortal!


 And the most important point was, even though the power was seventeen times as much, Fang Yuan’s green grape immortal essence expenditure was the same as the other Gu Immortal.


 This was different from City Well, even though the immortal killer move was a hundred times stronger, Fang Yuan’s green grape immortal essence expenditure rose by a similar proportion, he also spent a hundred times as much!


 This was very fearsome.


 Why did the battle strength of Gu Immortals as their cultivation level got higher, this was the reason.


 Below ice and snow path, the second highest quantity of dao marks belonged to luck path, it had fifteen thousand!


 “My luck path dao marks were basically all absorbed from Feng Jun’s accumulation, this person had a deep foundation, he personally ascended Immortal Succession Mountain and succeeded, inheriting a large number of luck path dao marks from it.”


 “Oh, right. There was an earthly calamity with the giant disaster blazing tree, after passing it, I gained luck path dao marks as well.”


 Below luck path dao marks were qi path and sound path dao marks.


 Both had around thirteen thousand.


 “Qi path dao marks mainly come from Qi Zai, he was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated qi path, almost all of his qi path dao marks are absorbed into my body now.”


 “Sound path dao marks came from Tang Song, this person is also rank seven, he is a supreme elder from a super force of Eastern Sea, Tang clan.”


 Below that was blood path dao marks, about twelve thousand of them, they were obtained from Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s blood path Gu Immortal, Zheng Tuo.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he realized that among his dao marks, the rest of those that reached ten thousand were all from rank seven Gu Immortal corpses.


 Among them, rule path dao marks had twelve thousand, they were from Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s rule path Gu Immortal, Chen Chi.


 Water path dao marks were around eleven thousand, obtained from lone immortal Zhou Li after Fang Yuan absorbed his foundation.


 Below that was transformation path and strength path, they summed up to nine thousand in total, close to ten thousand.


 Other than that, there was an assortment of other paths, haphazardly mixed in.


 For example, there was wind path, wood path, and food path.


 “I went through a few earthly calamities, the wind flowers, spring dawn jade orioles, they gave me wood path and wind path dao marks. Food path actually exceeds these two paths, I guess the profound white flying salt calamity gave me food path dao marks.”


 And fewer than these were earth path, time path, and information path.


 “Earlier, I joined the alliance of variant humans, they used an earth path method to attain information path effects. Thus, I gained quite a number of earth path dao marks.”


 “As for time path, they are probably from the hundred years harmony that I set with Chu Du, similar to the variant human alliance.”


 “As for information path dao marks, they must be from the alliance agreement of Lang Ya Sect.”


 The least in quantity, like phantom path, still had a hundred or so. This was the initial number of dao marks that sovereign immortal fetus brought with it.


 Fang Yuan considered these numbers, from these, he had a glimpse of the nature of some calamities and tribulations.


 He concluded.


 Ice and snow path were highest, followed by luck path, qi path, sound path, rule path, water path, and blood path, they all had over ten thousand.


 Below these were transformation path and strength path.


 And below those were food path, wind path, wood path, earth path, time path, and others.


 “I mainly fight with strength path, sword path, and time path methods. Familiar face and blood asset Immortal Gu are supplementary methods.”


 “My five grandmaster attainments are in wisdom path, strength path, star path, blood path, and transformation path.”


 Fang Yuan looked at his situation, it was quite awkward.


 His paths with more than ten thousand dao marks were almost completely different from his main methods and five highest attainment levels.


 According to Fang Yuan’s original cultivation plan, his focus was on transformation path.


 But now, because he joined the four races alliance, this plan had a lot of barriers. He could not undergo tribulation in the icy plain, Fang Yuan could not draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning. If he could not influence the earthly calamity, he would not gain transformation path dao marks, or even any rise in his attainment level.


 Fang Yuan pondered.


 “From this, it seems that most rank seven Gu Immortals have about ten thousand or more dao marks of their main path.”


 “But I have only gone through four earth calamities, and already have sixteen thousand ice and snow path dao marks, while my transformation path and strength path dao marks are close to ten thousand. Looking at my wood path, wind path, and food path dao marks, my total gain from these calamities add up to thirty thousand.”


 Evidently, this number was abnormal.


 Gu Immortals with rank seven cultivation level had undergone up to around forty to fifty earthly calamities, four or five heavenly tribulations, and one or more grand tribulations.


 After all these, their main paths only had about ten thousand dao marks.


 Fang Yuan had only gone through four earthly calamities, but he had already gained three times the number of dao marks as them!


 The stronger the calamities and tribulations, after passing them, the greater number of dao marks the Gu Immortal would obtain.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals would have simpler tribulations. When they get to rank seven, they would have about ten thousand dao marks in their main path.


 Those with higher aptitude and having high grade blessed lands, or even immortal apertures originating from the ten extreme physiques, would have more resources in their blessed lands, with greater fortune comes greater disaster, they would have stronger calamities and tribulations, and would gain more dao marks after passing them.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was unique in the entire world!


 Even if the sovereign immortal aperture had no resources, it was an immense amount of fortune in itself, the earthly calamity that befalls also reaches the limit of its strength.


 And because he was a complete otherworldly demon, heaven’s will would try every possible way to kill Fang Yuan, causing his earthly calamity to be elevated to the maximum force allowed.


 In his first four earthly calamities, each one was extremely difficult, Fang Yuan passed them with great danger, it was like he was walking on a tightrope. But now it seemed, the risks were great, but his gains were huge as well!


 “Even though my current development and my methods don’t match, my dao mark growth is real. At this rate, after each earthly calamity and heavenly tribulation, my foundation would rise to a terrifying degree!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt that all the difficulty and hard work he had gone through were worth it.


 Even his attitude towards the earthly calamities had vaguely changed.


 Each earthly calamity could be seen as a great chance to gain more dao marks!


 “After a few more earthly calamities, how much would I grow? How much would my foundation grow?” Even Fang Yuan could not estimate this.


 The sovereign immortal aperture surpassed the norm by too much.


 His growth potential and speed could not be assessed by normal means!


 The amount of dao marks Fang Yuan gained from four earthly calamities was multiple times that of an ordinary rank seven Gu Immortal’s dao marks in their main path!


 After clarifying the number of dao marks in his body, Fang Yuan took out his Immortal Gu, using Perceivable Dao to investigative them.


 But unfortunately, even though the starry water covered the surface of the Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not get any results.


 He realized: “Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. Mortal Gu have dao marks, while Immortal Gu have fragments of the Great Dao. Perceivable Dao can only investigate dao marks, it is ineffective against Great Dao fragments.”


 Indeed, when he used perceivable dao Immortal Gu on mortal Gu and checked them, it worked like a charm.


 But his tests were far from over.


 Next, Fang Yuan took out immortal materials and used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to inspect them.


 He realized that even though the dao marks in the immortal materials could be sensed by him, the expenditure of immortal essence rose when the quality and rank of the immortal material was higher.


 “Perceivable dao Immortal Gu is an information path Immortal Gu, when looking at purely information path immortal materials, the immortal essence expenditure is lower. Other than that, any other type of immortal materials would have an element of conflicting dao marks. Thus, the immortal essence expenditure is greater.”


 “As for why using it on me does not cause more immortal essence expenditure, that is because my dao marks are non-conflicting.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan had a stern expression on his face.


 The property of non-conflicting dao marks of the sovereign immortal body was both a good thing and bad thing for him.


 For ordinary Gu Immortals, when killer moves of other paths land on them, their dao marks would first reduce the might of the attacks, but Fang Yuan would have to face its full force. In fact, when his dao marks are of the same path as the attacking killer move, it might even get amplified!


 With just this point, Fang Yuan could not fight at close range.


 He was suited for long range battles, after creating some distance, he could amply think and evade attacks.


 “Perceivable dao Immortal Gu cannot be used on Immortal Gu, and when using it on immortal materials, there is a conflict of dao marks. All in all, it is not very useful.” After Fang Yuan tried using it, he came to a conclusion.


 He could only think of three ways to use perceivable dao Immortal Gu currently.


 The first was to decipher immortal materials, preventing others from scamming him.


 The second was to investigative a Gu Immortal’s dao marks, to probe their foundation and strength. But it was quite impractical, the time needed to use it was quite long, and the effect of the starry water was also very obvious, it was easy to take action to counter it.


 The third was in refining Immortal Gu.


 Investigation using Perceivable Dao could allow him to see the dao marks clearly during the process of refining Immortal Gu, as well as to make a comparison.


 However, perceivable dao Immortal Gu was unable to find out the exact location of dao marks or influence them, thus, it had limited use.


 At most, it could allow the Gu Immortal to turn from a ‘blind man’ to a ‘man with his eyes shut’.



***
Chapter 1162 - Soul Path Trap


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 After testing out perceivable dao Immortal Gu, it was time for Fang Yuan to cultivate his soul again.


 He flew out of his cloud city, and went to Luo Po Valley.


 However, the usage of perceivable dao Immortal Gu was not over.


 Fang Yuan multitasked.


 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.


 There were ample forests, it was no longer barren. Ordinary mountains were evenly distributed across Mini Southern Border in different places.


 A strength path immortal zombie was controlled by Fang Yuan, carrying some immortal essence and perceivable dao Immortal Gu as it flew in the air.


 A moment later, it slowly descended, landing on a small mountain.


 Fang Yuan named this mountain Heaven Sealing Mountain.


 The name was very grand, but the mountain was short and uninspiring. The mountain peak was being modified by Fang Yuan, there was a huge Gu formation on it, as the interior of the mountain was empty, it was sealing an immortal zombie body.


 It was Fang Yuan’s original body.


 The strength path immortal zombie entered the interior of the mountain and came to the center of the sealing Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan’s original immortal zombie body was six meters tall, it had a miniature pair of bat wings on its back, it had a green face and sharp fangs, its eyes were shut. Its eight arms were all different, other than his two original arms, there was the asura arm, heavenly demon arm, blood wight arm, nightmare arm, plague arm, and the earth chief arm.


 At this moment, the eight arms were spread out like a peacock’s tail, their fingers were tightly stabbed into the ground.


 Because it was sealed, the immortal zombie’s heartbeat was very slow, there was only one beat every few minutes.


 Light was emitting from the Gu formation, blowing on the immortal zombie body like a clear breeze, this showed that the sealing Gu formation was working fine.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie as he activated perceivable dao Immortal Gu, starlight gathered into flowing water as it covered the body of the immortal zombie.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan got his results, he mentally snorted: “Something was done to it after all!”


 His caution was truly wise.


 Ying Wu Xie had left about ten thousand soul path dao marks in the immortal zombie body, it was more than Fang Yuan’s original strength path dao marks inside the body.


 After storing away perceivable dao Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie, opening a slit in the sealing Gu formation as the strength path immortal zombie pulled something out of its body.


 A Gu Immortal’s soul shrieked as it was dragged out by the strength path immortal zombie.


 “Spare me, spare me!”


 “I will acknowledge you as my master, please spare my life!!”


 The Gu Immortal’s soul struggled intensely, it seemed to have sensed its doomsday.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie expressionlessly as his demonic claws controlled the Gu Immortal’s soul, preventing it from moving.


 In the dark space in the mountain, the sealing Gu formation shone with light, not only did it not bring the warmth of light, it gave the environment a cold eerie feeling.


 The Gu Immortal’s soul cried out, it made the atmosphere even more creepy.


 The strength path immortal zombie moved slowly, pressing the Gu Immortal soul into Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body.


 The Gu Immortal soul was unwilling, but Fang Yuan was amply prepared, he forcefully stuffed it into the immortal zombie body.


 Soon after, Fang Yuan used the Gu formation, activating the sealing Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body did not move, it lay on the ground like a statue. But after the Gu Immortal soul entered it, the body started to shake.


 Soon, the shaking intensified.


 Suddenly, the shaking stopped entirely, Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body stopped moving, he opened his eyes, they were red like blood!


 Roar!


 He opened his mouth and growled, the loud noise was echoing in the mountain’s interior, like the rumbling of thunder.


 Fang Yuan sneered, the strength path immortal zombie that he controlled did not move, it looked down at the immortal zombie body.


 Indeed, due to the Gu formation’s restrictions, and the arrangements done to the Gu Immortal soul earlier, Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body struggled to get up but could not, feeling weakness all over.


 “What are you doing, what are you trying to do?” The Gu Immortal soul screamed.


 He did not understand Fang Yuan’s intentions, he felt an utter wave of fear and horror.


 Soon, the Gu Immortal soul screamed in a high pitch tone: “You, what did you do to me? My soul is melting, you have a vicious heart, I only have my soul left, and you still refused to let me off!!”


 Fang Yuan controlled the strength path immortal zombie, he watched with concentration, he ignored the Gu Immortal soul’s screaming and crying.


 “The soul would melt if they enter huh...” Fang Yuan investigated with all sorts of methods.


 “Oh, this is an amazing soul path method. This Gu Immortal soul could not even last a short period of time!” Fang Yuan gasped, at his will, the strength path immortal zombie stretched out its right arm, trying to pull out the Gu Immortal soul from the immortal zombie body again.


 But at the next moment, a ghost face appeared on the chest of Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body, cackling at Fang Yuan loudly!


 An immense strength burst out as the strength path immortal zombie took three steps back.


 Looking at it again, the ghost face had vanished.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body stopped moving, returning to the state of a statue.


 Fang Yuan controlled the strength path immortal zombie, carefully getting closer, Fang Yuan’s immortal zombie body did not move at all.


 Fang Yuan continued to probe.


 The Gu Immortal soul that he stuffed into the immortal zombie body earlier had completely melted, not even a bit of it was left.


 “The melting speed is really fast, once the soul goes in, it is like a deep trap. Even if I pull it out, it cannot escape from the trap!”


 Fang Yuan analyzed mentally.


 Ying Wu Xie’s trap was incredibly vicious, the method was extraordinary.


 Fang Yuan was glad that he was vigilant, he did not take a risk to enter the body, otherwise, the consequences would be severe.


 After several inspections, Fang Yuan used perceivable dao Immortal Gu again, inspecting his immortal zombie body.


 “What is going on? The soul path dao marks did not decrease, they even rose by two thousand!” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was completely stunned by Shadow Sect’s incredible soul path methods.


 Melting the Gu Immortal soul was a huge problem, but Fang Yuan could deal with it.


 The simplest and crudest method was to use Gu Immortal souls and constantly stuff them into the immortal zombie body so that the trap would weaken after several activations, before breaking down eventually.


 But Ying Wu Xie’s trap was not normal!


 It not only prevented the soul that entered Fang Yuan’s immortal body body from leaving, it even melted the soul and after that, strengthened itself, to replenish its expenditure and become stronger!


 “Truly impressive! In this case, my action of sending Gu Immortal souls to probe it is restricted. Unless I have a method that can truly target the soul path dao marks in this body. Otherwise, I would only be making this trap more powerful!”


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


 Actually, the Eastern Sea information path inheritance would have had many methods that targeted dao marks.


 This could be seen from the information path dao mark insignia in flying sword Immortal Gu. Flying sword Immortal Gu was a dao mark fragment of sword path, but information path dao marks were added to it, the conflict between different paths was resolved. It was very difficult to achieve this, even rank eight Gu Immortals might have problems with it.


 Furthermore, the quasi rank eight skeleton that Fang Yuan obtained was also clear evidence.


 After a Gu Immortal dies, their path’s dao marks would go into the immortal aperture as it forms a blessed land outside. If a blessed land did not form, these dao marks would scatter into nothingness and return to the five regions.


 But this information path Gu Immortal could actually directly carve this bone path Gu Immortal’s dao marks into his skeleton. The method was very special, it was rather unthinkable.


 In the end, perceivable dao Immortal Gu even proved that this information path Gu Immortal had special methods that targeted dao marks.


 “The complete information path true inheritance might have really had methods against dao marks. It is a pity I obtained this true inheritance too late, most of the Gu worms are dead, and the information path methods are lost.”


 How could everything be perfect in this world?


 Fang Yuan could obtain Hei Fan’s complete true inheritance, it was already very lucky.


 The Eastern Sea information path inheritance had been there for too long, and the information path Gu Immortal had just killed his enemy, he created the inheritance on the verge of death. The contents of the true inheritance could not be preserved for long.


 Even though he obtained perceivable dao Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan still needed to get more information path methods that could prevent him from being restricted by his alliance agreements.


 “Searching for an information path Immortal Gu that can break alliance agreements is one way. But I need to keep it a secret, I cannot find Lang Ya Sect for help on this. Let alone getting Lang Ya land spirit to help me refine such an information path Immortal Gu.”


 Information path inheritances would not be easy to obtain, and Fang Yuan’s information path attainment level was at ordinary level, he could not design his own Immortal Gu recipe and innovate.


 In this trip to Eastern Sea, even though his gains were not few, Fang Yuan’s original goal was not achieved.


 He still sought out and lacked information path methods.


 As his focus turned away from the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan began to focus on his soul path cultivation.


 An hour later, he left Luo Po Valley.


 He rigidly stuck to daily soul path cultivation. Because his soul path foundation grew rapidly, Fang Yuan could stay inside Luo Po Valley for a fifty percent longer time now.


 However, now that Fang Yuan saw the trap inside his immortal zombie body, he was wavering on his plan of cultivating his soul.


 Ying Wu Xie knew that Fang Yuan had Luo Po Valley and Dang Hun Mountain, how could he not consider this? Cultivating his soul was not a wrong decision, but by the time Fang Yuan gained enough soul foundation to resist the trap, a long time would have passed, he would have to put in a huge amount of effort!


 And Fang Yuan’s time and energy were not unlimited. He needed to spend a lot of time and effort in planning, devising ways to advance his cultivation and development.


 “But I have to leave the matter of information path for later. The fifth earthly calamity is coming.”


 This earthly calamity was different from the previous four.


 The last four times, Fang Yuan used immortal tribulation tempering aperture to undergo tribulation in the northern icy plain. But now, Fang Yuan could not stay in the northern icy plain, he had to find a new tribulation location.


 What location should he choose?


 A few days later, Chu Du sent him a letter, saying that he would help Fang Yuan undergo tribulation, in exchange for Reckless Savage’s true meaning.


 At once, Fang Yuan was in a situation with his hands tied!



***
Chapter 1163 - Chu Du versus Heavenly Lord Bai Zu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Chu Du stood in the air, the Immortal Gu aura on him was emanating, his immortal essence was being consumed rapidly.


 “Open!”


 Suddenly, he shouted, his eyes burst with bright light, his body shook intensely.


 The ground several meters away from him started to crack open under the power of his immortal killer move.


 Suddenly, this opening became larger, it extended out, a hundred feet, a thousand feet, ten thousand feet!


 After tens of breaths, Hei Fan grotto-heaven stopped shaking, a huge trench of tens of thousands of feet opened up along the ground.


 Chu Du had created an artificial Earth Trench with his strength alone, he was indeed an expert that stood tall and proud in Northern Plains!


 He breathed roughly, looking at the trench below him, he frowned.


 “It is not perfect yet, even if it is long enough, it is not deep enough. After all, earth path Gu Immortals are most skilled in doing this.”


 All paths had their own specialties.


 Earth path Gu Immortals were particularly skilled at changing the terrain of the ground.


 But Chu Du was a famous strength path Gu Immortal.


 “There is another way, I can buy many rockman slaves and modify this place. However... forget it, this trench is enough for now.”


 Thinking of this, Chu Du took out a huge object from his immortal aperture.


 This object was huge like a small mountain, it was a red and black meatball, it was hot and round, vibrating weakly.


 Chu Du used his strength path hand, carrying this huge thing and slowly placing it into this newly created earth trench.


 This huge thing landed in the trench, once it came into contact with the soil, it spread out, becoming flat, spreading across several li.


 Next, its color started to change.


 Initially, it was black and red, but after spreading out, it took in earth qi, as its color changed. A portion became blue, another became green, part of it resembled jade, while another side was red like fire.


 Chu Du watched from above, seeing this color changing scene in the earth trench, it was quite a dazzling sight.


 These were multicolored guts!


 A rank seven immortal material that came from deep within Earth Trench.


 Chu Du acted quickly, taking out dozens of multicolored guts from his immortal aperture, tossing them in.


 The earth trench that was empty earlier was completely filled, no more multicolored guts could be put in.


 After carefully inspecting it, Chu Du let out a breath, his body slowly ascended into the air.


 He looked far away, taking in the view of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 When he took it over from Fang Yuan, it was barren and completely ransacked by Fang Yuan, it was a terrible sight. But now, it had mountains and rivers, the resources were prudently distributed.


 Undoubtedly, these resources were all relocated from Chu Du’s own immortal aperture.


 Even though he was just a lone immortal, his foundation in terms of resources was very deep.


 “The initial developments are complete. In the future, Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s production will far surpass my own immortal aperture.”


 “Looking at the time, Liu Guan Yi is about to undergo tribulation. Hmm?!”


 Suddenly, Chu Du’s expression froze, his sharp gaze pierced through the sky, he saw a twisted figure squeezing into Hei Fan grotto-heaven with much difficulty.


 “Who is it? You dare to invade my grotto-heaven!” Chu Du shouted, his body flew over like a gust of wind.


 After the figure got into the grotto-heaven, he smiled at Chu Du: “Domination Immortal, as a junior, your talent is quite good. In such a short time, you have already taken ownership of this place.”


 The invader spoke big words, against the great Northern Plains expert Domination Immortal Chu Du, he regarded himself as a senior.


 But Chu Du did not rebuke him, he had a heavy expression: “It is you, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.”


 It turned out, the invader of Hei Fan grotto-heaven was none other than one of the rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was originally a lone cultivator, but in recent years, because Fang Yuan destroyed Imperial Court blessed land and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he saw hope in creating a super force.


 He had planned this long ago, inside his Bai Zu grotto-heaven, he had countless blood related descendants and even multiple Gu Immortals.


 Initially, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang worked together to deal with Old Ancestor Xue Hu, even though they lost, he had obtained Yao Huang’s support.


 After that, when Hei tribe was exterminated, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu used the chance to take over Hei tribe’s Iron Eagle blessed land, and also taking in all of Hei tribe’s remnant forces.


 Right now, Bai Zu tribe had officially taken over Hei tribe, becoming one of the righteous path super forces publicly recognized in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 However, Northern Plains was different from the other four regions, most of the super forces were of the Huang Jin bloodline. As an outsider, Bai Zu tribe was quite unique. Even though Heavenly Lord Bai Zu knew this and tried to be amicable with the other super forces, giving up most of Hei tribe’s resources to satisfy their appetite.


 But after he officially created Bai Zu tribe, he realized that the surrounding forces were still targeting him. Because he had rank eight cultivation level, these super forces did not give him problems openly, but they created many small issues indirectly.


 In order to defend his hard work, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could only stay to guard there personally. As a result, he wasted a lot of time.


 Until not long ago, when the surrounding righteous path Huang Jin tribes realized they could not gain anything anymore, they gave up and Bai Zu tribe’s situation became better, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu finally rushed to Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 The four supreme elders of Hei tribe did not know the exact location of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, but they knew which area it was in.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu acted secretly, coming here and spending a lot of effort to find out where Hei Fan grotto-heaven was.


 After getting enough information, he took action and started to invade Hei Fan grotto-heaven!


 “Chu Du, you are an astute person. If you back off, I will not make it hard for you, I was a lone cultivator myself.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said calmly, urging Chu Du to give up.


 Chu Du’s lips curled up, he directly attacked!


 Rumble!


 With an intense clash, dust and clouds rose.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was destroyed by Chu Du in one move, there was a huge pit in the area he was standing at.


 “Sending just an illusion, and you want to take Hei Fan grotto-heaven?” Chu Du snorted, turning his head.


 The space behind him suddenly distorted, as a small centipede entered Hei Fan grotto-heaven from the outside.


 Soon, the distortion vanished, and the centipede turned into Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s appearance, it was exactly the same as before.


 “Nice method.” The second Heavenly Lord Bai Zu looked at Chu Du, praising as he commented: “You attacked earlier without any warning, and not a bit of Immortal Gu aura leaked out, is this your immortal killer move formless strength?”


 Chu Du did not answer, he asked: “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, even if you have rank eight cultivation level, to snatch Hei Fan grotto-heaven away from me, it will not be easy. Because I have already developed this place for a while, I have made many arrangements.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu smiled: “No matter how long you have been here, or how many arrangements you have made, I can break all of them with my own strength.”


 He spoke calmly, but he had an aura of confidence and power.


 There was only one reason. He was a rank eight Gu Immortal, while Chu Du was rank seven.


 Chu Du did not rebuke him, he nodded and admitted: “You are right, I cannot resist the might of a rank eight. But Hei Fan grotto-heaven is my territory, how can I give it up so easily?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shook his head: “Hei Fan grotto-heaven is good, but it is not essential. If the great Domination Immortal dies in my hands because of it, isn’t it a waste?”


 Chu Du’s eyes shined with a cold light: “Hmph! Too much bullshit, if you want to take Hei Fan grotto-heaven, just these small methods will not work. Show your true abilities, I want to see the might of a rank eight.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was silent for a while, before saying: “Fine.”


 As he said that, around Chu Du, in an enormous surrounding range, countless distorted figures appeared, huge quantities of centipede Gu went into Hei Fan grotto-heaven, turning into Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s appearance.


 In an instant, Chu Du was surrounded by over ten thousand figures of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 Event though he was encircled, he was not nervous, he even showed a look of disdain.


 “Just illusions, no matter how many, they are useless!” Chu Du raised his right hand, his fingers were spread out, before clenching together, forming a tight fist.


 Boom!


 A huge strength shot out from all directions, in the blink of an eye, all of the figures of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu were exterminated.


 “You made many preparations indeed.” Another figure of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu came from afar.


 Chu Du’s pupils shrunk, the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu in front of him was not the main body either, but it was different from the illusions that Chu Du had destroyed earlier.


 Chu Du could sense the aura of Immortal Gu on this Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 “Let’s fight in the sky.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was the first to fly up.


 Chu Du followed him willingly.


 There were lots of resources on the ground, he had placed them with much effort, Chu Du did not want these resources to be destroyed.


 This was also Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s concern.


 He had taken in Hei tribe, and built Bai Zu tribe, he made great losses. He had already paid a huge price to negotiate with the other four rank eight experts. Even though he took in Hei tribe, most of Hei tribe’s resources were distributed to the other forces to satisfy them.


 Thus, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had a huge desire towards Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 But when he got here, he saw that the grotto-heaven had far less resources than he had estimated.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu quickly realized that most of the resources were newly added. He naturally thought: Did Chu Du store those resources away already?


 Thus, Chu Du became his greatest target.


 An intense battle unfolded in the sky of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 One side was the clone of a rank eight great expert, while the other was a famous rank seven expert, the two sides fought like rumbling thunder, the entire world was shaking.


 After more than ten rounds of fighting, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone could not take it anymore, it lost.


 But soon, a second Heavenly Lord clone appeared and joined the fight, it also brought immortal essence and Immortal Gu with it, it was stronger than the first clone.


 Chu Du fought against two enemies, but he got stronger as they fought, after another ten rounds, he had the advantage, he was about to execute the killing blow when a third Heavenly Lord clone appeared.


 Chu Du’s expression changed, he realized something was amiss!



***
Chapter 1164 - Fifth Earthly Calamity


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu has a method to invade grotto-heavens, but his main body cannot come in, he can only send clones.”


 “Hei Fan grotto-heaven has a huge space, and the brass bell heavenly spirit was destroyed by Liu Guan Yi, I cannot see the entire place, I do not know how many Heavenly Lord Bai Zu clones there are at this moment!”


 “Every time I am about to kill a clone, new ones come in. This shows that he definitely has more than three, they have already formed and are ready to enter battle. Once I understand their methods and gain the advantage, when I am about to deal the killing blow, they would show up to save the other clones, this is definitely him trying to stall for time!”


 Thoughts flashed in Chu Du’s mind, he felt a bad sensation.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was stalling for time, he definitely had his motives!


 Even though Chu Du could not decipher his true motive, there was one unquestionable point — he could not fight according to the enemy’s tempo.


 Thinking of this, Chu Du erupted, his body expanded rapidly, turning into a ten meter giant.


 Immortal killer move — Battle Strength Transpiration!


 His entire body turned red, all of the pores on his body opened up, as his sweat turned into steam, surrounding his body.


 Next, he raised his right hand to face the sky palm up, his left hand was facing the ground, he chanted softly: “Try this move — Heaven and Earth Combined Strength.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s three clones could not move, they felt like the entire world was sending an unparalleled strength that restricted them, crushing towards them from all directions.


 Chu Du did not feel well either.


 The muscles in his entire body were tense, he had used all of his strength. Within the steam, his face was bright red, his eyes were bloodshot, especially his two arms, they were bulging with beings resembling moving earthworms, it was quite terrifying.


 His right arm moved down, his left arm moved up, as if two hills were converging towards the center with great difficulty.


 In his immortal aperture, red date immortal essence expended rapidly.


 As Chu Du did this, the three Heavenly Lord Bai Zu clones felt horrible. They felt that the force around them was increasing, they were almost getting crushed.


 Seeing that these three clones were about to explode, at the crucial moment, the fourth, fifth, and sixth clones came to save them.


 Boom boom!


 With two loud sounds, the first clone and second clone were completely smashed by Chu Du, they were reduced to dust, but their Immortal Gu and immortal essence were missing, they were not destroyed.


 “What an amazing killer move, it can attack, defend, and even immobilize multiple targets, it is almost like an incomplete battlefield killer move!” The third clone was saved, but it still felt lingering fear.


 “No matter how many clones come, it is useless! I prepared this next move for rank eight existences. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, if you refuse to show up, you will not be able to save these clones.” Chu Du shouted, preparing his attack.


 He had spread out his arms and legs in a ‘大’ shape, his hands were facing heaven, palms upward, aura of Immortal Gu and mortal Gu were emanating from his body, changing constantly, just the aura alone was far superior than the heaven and earth combined strength earlier, it was truly shocking.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clones all moved back, they used their defensive killer moves, preparing themselves.


 Boom boom boom.


 At the next moment, the Heavenly Lord clones self-detonated without any warning.


 “What move is this?” Outside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body frowned deeply.


 Even though his clones were all destroyed, he still had memories of the battle, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could learn about Chu Du’s mystical attack.


 “This killer move is formless and covers a range. Once one is within range, from within, an internal strength would be produced and detonate the body. Hmm? The area that it covers is actually so huge!”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu frowned deeply.


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Chu Du covered his mysterious strength path killer move over the entirety of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 It caused all of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clones to self-detonate.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu smiled: “Interesting, it seems that I cannot deal with Chu Du unless I enter personally.”


 Once he said that, he used an immortal killer move.


 A profound white centipede figure flew out of his body, it drilled into space, causing a huge distorted shadow to appear in Hei Fan grotto-heaven instantly.


 Next, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu took large strides, stepping into the shadow.


 “Want to come in?” Chu Du laughed, stomping his feet.


 A strength path leg flew out and kicked the distorted shadow, sending Heavenly Lord Bai Zu out.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was stunned, before showing a furious and helpless expression: “This Hei Fan grotto-heaven is easy to defend and hard to attack, I will need twenty breaths of time to enter it. In this process, there is enough time for Chu Du to stop me. If I send clones in, they will instantly self-detonate, they are useless...”


 Chu Du was completely defending, hiding inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu felt difficulty against this well defended fortress.


 “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is attacking Hei Fan grotto-heaven?” Fang Yuan held Chu Du’s letter of emergency support as he let out a breath of air.


 His worry was lifted.


 Even though Chu Du was his ally, in order to defend Hei Fan grotto-heaven, using the properties of the grotto-heaven to contest with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, there were great advantages for Fang Yuan in this.


 Lang Ya land spirit wanted to recruit Chu Du, it was very difficult. But if it succeeded, and Chu Du joined Lang Ya Sect, it would greatly affect Fang Yuan’s current status. If he failed, Fang Yuan’s relationship with the variant humans would be exposed, the situation would be unthinkable.


 Fang Yuan could only stall it, one day at a time.


 Because of the alliance agreement, Fang Yuan could not lie to Chu Du, especially in terms of the tribulation. Fang Yuan could not continue to undergo tribulation in the northern icy plain, this way, Chu Du would make guesses, it would expose the snowmen and rockmen under the northern icy plain. If this was settled poorly, and Chu Du attacked the tribe, Fang Yuan would be trapped in the middle, the situation would be very awkward and dangerous.


 Thus, he could not make alliances casually, in fact, most Gu Immortals were very wary when making alliances.


 Fang Yuan had originally intended to use his time path killer move to slow the time in his immortal aperture, and inform Chu Du about it.


 This was not lying, it was the truth.


 Next, Fang Yuan would hasten his immortal aperture’s time, before starting his tribulation, he would inform Chu Du that the situation had changed. This way, Chu Du would not make it in time, even though it would ruin his relationship and trust, it was the best way.


 Chu Du was very astute, there were no loopholes in his alliance agreement, Fang Yuan could only think of this roundabout way.


 This method was very troublesome however, not only would it waste Fang Yuan’s immortal essence, it would also cause a rift between Fang Yuan and Chu Du.


 All in all, it was troublesome.


 But now, Chu Du was forced to defend Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he was engaging Heavenly Lord Bai Zu in battle, he could not leave.


 Fang Yuan mentally praised: “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu really came in the nick of time, he solved a huge problem for me!”


 “For that to have happened, my luck was pretty good.”


 Fang Yuan started to reply using the information path mortal Gu.


 In the letter, he expressed concern and sympathy for Chu Du’s encounter, he showed his intense fury and hatred towards Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s invasion. He said that he would definitely help Chu Du and would not break the alliance agreement. But!


 His tribulation was coming, he had to get through this first before helping Chu Du, and getting rid of the huge threat, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 He hoped that Chu Du would understand.


 Chu Du quickly replied. He showed his understanding and told Fang Yuan: It was not hard to deal with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s invasion, he had already rallied allies to support him, he hoped that Fang Yuan could settle his problem and quickly help.


 Fang Yuan quickly replied: He would do his best, and all that he could, he hoped that Chu Du could hold on!


 A few days later.


 Fang Yuan left Lang Ya blessed land, using the super Gu formation to teleport out.


 Next, he rushed to Earth Trench without stopping, choosing an appropriate location to place his immortal aperture.


 The main part of Northern Plains’ Earth Trench had seventeen sections, they were managed by Zombie Alliance. But after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Zombie Alliance was used by Shadow Sect and sacrificed, used to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it caused the Zombie Alliances in all five regions to vanish overnight.


 However, Shadow Sect also had their arrangements.


 For Northern Plain Zombie Alliance, the headquarters, Dark Flow City, had sunken into Earth Trench, other than the remaining members of Shadow Sect, nobody could find it.


 Fang Yuan came to an Earth Trench, it was not the one in Zombie Alliance. There were large numbers of lone immortals and demonic immortals there, they were all trying to look for Dark Flow City. Ying Wu Xie and the rest might have even gone to the secret base there, unless Fang Yuan was a fool, he would not undergo tribulation there.


 Most parts of Earth Trench were split up by super forces, or were occupied by Gu Immortal experts.


 The part Fang Yuan chose had been completely excavated, nobody wanted it anymore, after countless battles, it was barren and empty, nobody came here anymore.


 Fang Yuan chose this place purely because this place had rich earth path dao marks, as well as many dark path dao marks too.


 Immortal tribulation tempering aperture!


 Fang Yuan successfully activated this immortal killer move.


 Next, he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, as heaven and earth qi rushed in.


 Soon, the fifth earthly calamity formed.


 The sky turned dark, a huge skeletal shadow covered up half of the sky.


 The skeleton cackled, opening its mouth and spitting out a dark current that resembled a black python.


 The dark current flew rapidly, everywhere it went, the soil became corroded, in an instant, they melted completely and turned into puddles of black rotten water, emitting a foul smell.


 Earthly calamity — Corrosive Dark Current!


 Fang Yuan recognized the earthly calamity, he quickly dealt with it.


 The corrosive dark current was hard to deal with, Fang Yuan did not have any methods that resisted it, he could only fight it using his strong offensive methods.


 The skeleton continued to spit, as waves of corrosive dark current rushed towards Fang Yuan like seas of snakes.


 Heaven’s will had purposely raised the calamity’s power to its limit, Fang Yuan was in a difficult state.


 This earthly calamity did not have Reckless Savage’s true meaning. It was completely controlled by heaven’s will, thus, it was multiple times as powerful than before.


 However, Fang Yuan had grown drastically in strength, forget about the Eastern Sea information path inheritance, he had also obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he had many time path immortal killer moves to use. Even though he looked distressed, rushing around frantically, he had been preserving his strength to deal with unexpected situations.



***
Chapter 1165 - Ye Fan versus Bai Ning Bing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Huff...” Fang Yuan looked at the black rotten ground in front of him as he let out a deep sigh.


 “I have finally passed the fifth earthly calamity!”


 Fang Yuan spent a lot of effort in dealing with the corrosive dark current, but he had Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he did not have obvious weaknesses. After persevering for a while, he passed the tribulation.


 The terrain here had completely changed, he needed to spend a lot of effort to get it back to its previous condition.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture was huge enough, this area in Mini Western Desert was originally barren to begin with, Fang Yuan’s losses were minimal.


 In fact, he could even preserve this area and not modify it.


 Fortune and disaster were correlated, there were two sides of the same coin.


 This place could not cultivate normal crops, but it was now an extreme environment, many types of special fierce beasts and plants could live and grow here.


 Of course, there was heaven’s will lingering here, Fang Yuan needed to use a lot of self will Gu to get rid of it.


 But it was a small matter.


 The important thing was, the fifth earthly calamity was over.


 Successfully returning to Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan concluded that even though the fifth earthly calamity was powerful, beyond the first four, it did not greatly surpass his expectations.


 There was one crucial reason why he passed it, Fang Yuan’s strength had grown far quicker than the growth of the earthly calamity’s power.


 “It seems that earthly calamities themselves are no longer a problem, they can no longer stop me for now, the problem is human calamities!”


 Fang Yuan thought about the fourth earthly calamity, the human calamity was too terrifying, he still felt a chill in his heart.


 That human calamity was terrifying, even the immemorial rock dragon had appeared. Its might had greatly exceeded Fang Yuan’s limits, thanks to his bluffing, he evaded the danger and survived it.


 “That means, heaven’s will is conjuring human calamities now because earthly calamities can no longer kill me?”


 “Precisely so, heaven’s will is plotting and scheming to use human calamities to destroy me.”


 “In this tribulation, I did not encounter any human calamities. That is because I am a complete otherworldly demon, heaven’s will cannot decipher my plans, and because I moved very quickly, it did not have enough time to construct a human calamity!”


 Heaven’s will was not a fake will, it could not have such an obvious influence. Especially towards the higher cultivation level targets, or human Gu Immortals, having the highest intelligence.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt that he should not undergo tribulations at fixed locations.


 Constantly undergoing tribulation in the northern icy plain allowed heaven’s will a chance to affect many Gu Immortals subconsciously, it nearly killed Fang Yuan.


 “But this time, I purposely chose Earth Trench because I wanted an earth path calamity, to increase the number of earth path dao marks in my sovereign immortal aperture. In the end, it was a dark path earthly calamity.”


 Inside Earth Trench, earth path and dark path dao marks were in the highest quantity.


 Fang Yuan successfully activated immortal tribulation tempering aperture, the earthly calamity had to be from these two.


 But heaven’s will did not want Fang Yuan to get what he wanted, thus, an earth path earthly calamity did not form, it was dark path instead.


 Fang Yuan used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to inspect it, he realized that his dark path dao marks had increased, they were very close to ten thousand.


 “Earlier, my dark path dao mark foundation was very weak, but in this earthly calamity, I gained at least nine thousand dao marks! I made quite some gains.”


 Even though Fang Yuan’s dark path attainment level was low, he had a dark path Immortal Gu — Dark Limit!


 This Immortal Gu was very useful to him, he could conceal himself from heaven’s will’s perception to an extent. Fairy Jiang Yu had once used this to conceal Hei Lou Lan’s ten extreme physique aura completely.


 For this tribulation, Fang Yuan only spent a few days.


 Over in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, it was still at a deadlock.


 Chu Du had rank seven peak battle strength, while Hei Fan grotto-heaven was heavily guarded by him, it was impregnable.


 However, Fang Yuan could tell that it was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu who had the upper hand, even though he could not break through and was pushed back repeatedly.


 But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was merely attacking, he could attack or retreat, he could decide completely when he fought or left. Chu Du could only defend using the grotto-heaven, he did not know when Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would attack or what methods he would use. He was in a passive position.


 “Chu Du is bound to fail at this rate. But he is still far from reaching his limit.” Fang Yuan mentally assessed the situation.


 He thought, if Chu Du died in this battle, would he benefit or lose out from it?


 After consideration, Fang Yuan concluded: It was better for Chu Du to be alive.


 There were several points.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan had invested heavily in Chu Du. The first investment was the rank seven Immortal Gu Calamity Beckoning. If Chu Du died, Calamity Beckoning would perish.


 Secondly, Chu Du had an alliance agreement with him, he could not abandon him if he requested assistance.


 Thirdly, the calamities and tribulations were only going to get stronger from now, Chu Du’s Calamity Beckoning could help Fang Yuan divert a lot of the pressure. His existence was useful for Fang Yuan’s development.


 Fourthly, if he helped Chu Du defend Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan would be able to relocate his storage pool, using Hei Fan grotto-heaven to produce heavenly crystals and hatch the upper extreme heavenly eagle once more.


 “It seems that I need to take action and help against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.” Fang Yuan made his decision.


 However, he was not in a rush to act.


 Chu Du could continue to suffer, he had just undergone tribulation, he needed to rest and restock his green grape immortal essence.


 This was a justifiable reason, it did not break the alliance agreement, even if Chu Du knew, he could not blame Fang Yuan.


 Southern Border, Sun Crown Mountain.


 This mountain was green and lush, it had stood for a long time. During each sunrise, there would be a halo over the mountain peak, resembling a bright crown, thus it was named Sun Crown Mountain.


 But now was night time.


 The bright moon was radiating over the entire mountain.


 “Who else?” Ye Fan stood arrogantly, his arms were crossed in front of his chest, he was standing on a huge rock.


 Opposite him, a group of Gu Masters were shivering, hesitating.


 They were fearful of Ye Fan!


 “Ye Fan, you were chased out by your clan, you are also a lone cultivator. We are also lone cultivators, why are you making life hard for us?” A Gu Master spoke.


 Ye Fan sneered: “Before we fought, all of you sought to overwhelm me with numbers, why did you not say that? Also, are you considered lone cultivators? Dominating this mountain and plundering the surroundings, as Gu Masters, you bully the weak and fear the strong, you slaughter and humiliate mortals. You are all vicious fiends, you are demonic cultivators, you are not lone cultivators!”


 “We are innocent. The ringleader and main culprit has already died at your hands, we were forced to comply.”


 “Also, ever since we submitted to boss White Demon, we have stopped committing crimes!”


 The Gu Masters cried out.


 Ye Fan’s expression eased.


 According to the intel he obtained, the situation was indeed like this.


 Ever since Bai Ning Bing took control of Sun Crown Mountain and Silent Flow Mountain, she had restrained the demons, taking them in, but did not give them any evil orders.


 “Hmph, if not for this, you would all be dead now, how could I let you live?” Ye Fan snorted, he continued: “I represent Shang clan, I need to get through Sun Crown and Silent Flow Mountain, I will wait here, get White Demon to come and see me. Otherwise, tomorrow, I will slaughter everyone here!”


 Ye Fan was very perceptive, he was not a rash brute.


 He knew that Silent Flow Mountain’s defense was far stronger than Sun Crown Mountain, he came here alone, he could not take it down through force.


 Alerting the enemy and luring out White Demon was the best method.


 But the moment he said that, he heard an icy voice resound: “No need to call them, because I am here already.”


 Saying so, more than ten figures appeared partway up the mountain.


 The demons saw this and cheered loudly: “Boss White Demon! Boss White Demon has come to save us!”


 Ye Fan watched with caution, he saw that all of the people who came were Gu Masters, they were stronger than the ones on Sun Crown Mountain. Among them, there were many demonic path and lone cultivators, there were also several famous people with their own unique traits.


 But what truly attracted his attention was the woman at the center of them.


 This woman was dressed in white clothes, her silvery hair was shiny, like a tassel, it extended to her waist, her deep blue eyes were clear like a lake, they were calm and peaceful, her skin was pale like snow, her face was cold and aloof, but her unparalleled beauty could not be concealed.


 At this moment, she was lying down on a bamboo chair, she was relaxing and her eyes were shut, like she was resting. There were four snowmen carrying her chair.


 Ye Fan’s heart shook.


 He had roamed outside and seen many things.


 But in terms of appearance, Bai Ning Bing was simply a divine beauty! The only person comparable to her in looks was Shang Xin Ci.


 “Boss White Demon, we have tried our best to defend, we waited for you so desperately. You have finally arrived.” At this time, a demonic path Gu Master tumbled and crawled towards Bai Ning Bing, calling out loudly as he showed a fawning expression.


 “You, who avoided the enemy and refused to fight, deserve death.” Bai Ning Bing opened her eyes slightly, blue light flashed in her eyes as that kneeling Gu Master froze completely at the next moment, he was beyond dead.


 The demons were shocked, the few experts behind Bai Ning Bing shook, they recalled the terror when they had first met her.


 Ye Fan was also shocked, before he burst into anger. His good first impression of Bai Ning Bing was completely gone, it was replaced with deep anger.


 “As expected of a demon! You even kill your own men!” Ye Fan shouted, jumping down the rock, staring at Bai Ning Bing angrily.


 Bai Ning Bing smiled lightly, stretching out her jade finger, pointing lightly at Ye Fan.


 At that moment, Ye Fan felt a cold sensation, covering his left leg.


 He looked down, only to see that on his left leg, a huge piece of ice had instantly formed.


 “What move is this? I had already used my defensive killer move, but it could not block it at all?!” Ye Fan was extremely shocked.


 All along, he had used these methods without fail. But now, it had completely failed in front of Bai Ning Bing.


 “What cultivation level does White Demon have? My methods were given to me by Lady Shang Qing Qing, a Gu Immortal! It was actually useless!! Looking at her expression, she still has not put in all her effort. Will I die in this battle?” Ye Fan’s heart shook intensely.


 He had greatly underestimated Bai Ning Bing, to think that their difference in strength was so huge. But after his shock, Ye Fan quickly calmed down, his battle intent surged in the face of despair.



***
Chapter 1166 - White Form Immortal Snake


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Come, even if I die, I will only die in the battlefield!” Ye Fan shouted, his eyes were shining with a threatening light.


 The demons licked their lips, they gritted their teeth, they were going to charge up, wanting to kill Ye Fan and cut him into pieces.


 But Bai Ning Bing suddenly said: “Isn’t it too boring to directly kill him? Go one by one.”


 These words saved Ye Fan’s life, it greatly delayed the timing of his death.


 After spending so much time with Bai Ning Bing, a demonic path expert who knew of her personality stepped up with shining eyes: “Since Boss White Demon wants to watch a show, allow me to kill this person, as long as the boss is happy, it will be our fortune.”


 The demons heard this and all mentally badmouthed at this demonic path expert for being shameless, they were envious and jealous, why did they not speak first, this was the best chance to bootlick!


 But soon, they no longer had such thoughts.


 Ye Fan was in a desperate situation, but he displayed great might, killing a number of demonic path Gu Masters.


 Even though his methods were useless against Bai Ning Bing, they were more than enough to deal with the rest.


 “Interesting.” Bai Ning Bing watched the entire battle while relaxing on the bamboo chair, it was as if the people dying were not her subordinates, but strangers instead.


 Ye Fan felt a chill regard her aloof nature, he felt disgust towards her: “This White Demon might look like a peerless beauty, but she has a vicious heart, she cannot compare to Lady Xin Ci. Birds of a feather flock together, the Black Demon guy who was with her is likely not a good person either!”


 “Ah!” Suddenly, Ye Fan screamed.


 It turned out that his right arm had been pierced by multiple icicles from the inside. At once, his entire right arm was pierced, flesh was exposed, his pale broken bones could be seen, his blood was about to squirt out but it was frozen by the frost energy.


 Ye Fan’s right arm was crippled!


 “Alright, continue.” Bai Ning Bing said plainly.


 The demons had low morale, but seeing that Ye Fan’s right arm was crippled, they saw hope again.


 A few more entered the battlefield, trying to take advantage of his weakness.


 But Ye Fan got bolder as he took wounds, he ignored his injuries, fighting while disregarding his life, meanwhile the demonic path Gu Masters were fearful for their lives, they did not dare to fight directly, they were slowly losing.


 Some were defeated, while others were killed by Ye Fan when he had the chance.


 “What do I need such useless people for?” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed as blue light flickered in them.


 The few demonic path Gu Masters who were defeated and still alive did not even get a chance to shout, they were frozen into icicles, dying on the spot.


 Bai Ning Bing was fierce and ruthless, the Gu Masters were trembling in fear, even Ye Fan felt a chill in his heart.


 Bai Ning Bing pressed lightly with her right hand, the four snowmen noticed and quickly lowered the bamboo chair.


 Bai Ning Bing slowly stood on the ground, looking at Ye Fan with her hands behind her back.


 The demons were overjoyed, looking at this, Bai Ning Bing was going to fight!


 Ye Fan smiled bitterly, Bai Ning Bing’s terrifying strength made him feel deep despair: “There always exists someone stronger than you. I was too overconfident, I deserve the fate of dying here. But before I die, may you answer a question that I have?”


 “Oh?” Bai Ning Bing looked at Ye Fan, assessing him as she said plainly: “You are quite brave, few can be so unmoved in the face of death. Very well, go ahead.”


 “I want to ask, what kind of person is Black Demon?” Ye Fan asked the deepest question in his heart.


 Bai Ning Bing frowned, all along she had been having a cold expression, but this change in her expression showed that she was not calm on the inside.


 “He...” Bai Ning Bing looked at the moon in the sky, dragging her words.


 Ye Fan focused, listening attentively.


 But Bai Ning Bing showed a mocking and cold gaze in her eyes.


 Ye Fan stared with his eyes wide open, he was instantly frozen into an icicle!


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the night sky and bright moon, after a few breaths of time, she retracted her gaze and walked away.


 Behind her, Ye Fan’s entire body was frozen in transparent ice, he died.


 The demons were silent, they were like frightened cicadas.


 But Bai Ning Bing only took a few steps when a peculiar black aura appeared behind her, causing her silvery hair to flutter in the air.


 “Oh?” Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes shrunk to pin size, she turned around and realized that four figures had suddenly appeared behind Ye Fan all of a sudden.


 Among them, one had an ugly appearance, he was an immortal zombie, placing his arm on Ye Fan’s shoulder.


 He was using an immortal killer move, the peculiar aura that Bai Ning Bing sensed earlier came from it.


 Bai Ning Bing’s hair was standing, her battle intent rose to its peak at this moment!


 Gu Immortal aura burst out from her body, soon, her body started to change, her adam’s apple appeared, her body grew taller, her soft and plump chest shrank and became a muscular male chest, her face had turned into one with a sharp dagger-like appearance.


 “Hehehe, Bai Ning Bing, your phantom aperture was given to you by my Shadow Sect, it can suppress the transformation path dao marks in you and revert you to your male body, it can also allow you to become a false immortal and own green grape immortal essence, you will be able to refine and use Immortal Gu. But now, you want to use this phantom aperture to fight me?” Ying Wu Xie chuckled.


 “A member of Shadow Sect?” Bai Ning Bing squinted, a dangerous cold light was flashing in his eyes.


 As he said that, Ye Fan was revived by Ying Wu Xie. The ice around his body had turned into water, he sat on the ground weakly, gasping loudly with a pale expression.


 The feeling of life and death, he could feel entirely what true horror was!


 His mental state was heavily affected, he could not control himself.


 “You cannot kill this person.” Ying Wu Xie looked at Ye Fan plainly.


 He had luck inspection Immortal Gu, he could see Ye Fan’s abundant luck.


 Ever since they escaped from Eastern Sea, he had been hiding inside Shi Nu’s immortal aperture, devising methods to deal with Fang Yuan’s investigative killer move.


 Even though there was not much success, after Ying Wu Xie saw Ye Fan, he could feel a resonance in their luck, he knew that their luck was connected.


 “Fang Yuan is the owner of Spring Autumn Cicada and was a tool of heaven’s will, he returned from the future and knows who has great luck. Killing Ye Fan would harm my own luck.”


 “As for Bai Ning Bing, he is under Shadow Sect’s alliance agreement, I am not afraid he will turn on us. He also has one of the ten extreme physiques, he would be very useful in saving my main body!”


 Ying Wu Xie thought over this, while he suddenly tossed out a rank five mortal Gu.


 “White form immortal snake!” Bai Ning Bing received it with a perplexed expression, he recognized this Gu worm which had left a heavy impression in him.


 “This is a crucial clue in the old bet of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs. Bai Ning Bing, you are the last bloodline descendant of Bai Xiang, you have the proper status to participate in the bet.” Ying Wu Xie said slowly.


 Bai Ning Bing was silent before asking: “This is the reason why your Shadow Sect is scheming to rope me in?”


 Ying Wu Xie did not answer, he only moved as he left this place.


 Hei Lou Lan, Shi Nu, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng followed closely after him.


 Bai Ning Bing gritted his teeth, he restrained the cold light in his eyes as he followed them.


 Ye Fan was left behind, kneeling on the ground with his arms supporting him, stopping him from collapsing, as he gasped heavily.


 As for those demonic path Gu Masters, they were all like statues, when the wind blew, they turned into rotten black mud...


 Northern Plains, Become Dragon Mound.


 “Sir, you have come to help us, our Chu Sect is extremely grateful.” A strength path Gu Immortal greeted Fang Yuan respectfully.


 Fang Yuan nodded, looking at the person.


 Before encountering Fang Yuan, in order to get Reckless Savage’s true meaning and increase his strength path attainment level, Chu Du had spent a lot of time and effort to nurture mortal Gu Masters, to help them become Gu Immortals.


 As time passed, he gained a good number of strength path Gu Immortals. Chu Du treated them as disciples, and casually created a sect, naming it Chu Sect.


 “Even though Chu Du is nurturing these strength path Gu Immortals, it is not his aim. Strength path is declining, and these strength path Gu Immortals lack Immortal Gu, they are not a threat.” Fang Yuan assessed as he looked at Become Dragon Mound in front of him.


 This mound was short and flat, it did not look amazing, but it was a true land of fortune.


 In Become Dragon Mound, there were lots of transformation path dao marks. These transformation path dao marks could allow the living beings staying here to transform into dragon beasts. There were large numbers of dragon Gu that were produced here before, like golden dragon Gu, water dragon Gu, earth dragon Gu, dragon claw Gu, dragon breath Gu, dragon pearl Gu, and so on.


 Unfortunately, after Hei tribe was destroyed, this place was ransacked by several Gu Immortals.


 But in the last few months, Bai Zu tribe took control and started to develop, sending Gu Immortals to guard Become Dragon Mound, allocating resources to rebuild it, and return it to its former glorious state.


 This was one of Bai Zu tribe’s important resource points.


 “I have already investigated clearly, this place was originally guarded by Hei tribe’s fourth supreme elder. But the developments he had made here were taken away by Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals, no longer present.”


 “Hehe, Hei tribe’s fourth supreme elder has rank seven cultivation level. But the Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal sent here only has rank six cultivation level, it is good for us to act, we will attack this place.”


 “Everyone is already in position, we just have to attack and fight the first battle!”


 “As long as we deal a huge blow to Bai Zu tribe, it will surely make Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wary and give up on Hei Fan grotto-heaven, returning to guard his territory.”


 Chu Sect’s Gu Immortals continued to talk, feeling excited.


 If Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was still a lone cultivator like before, Chu Du might have given up on defending Hei Fan grotto-heaven already.


 But now that he was taking over Hei tribe and creating his own righteous path super force, even though his territory was expanding rapidly, he gained a weakness.


 Strength and weakness in this world were relative.


 Like in the past, when Zombie Alliance took revenge on Old Ancestor Xue Hu, Blazing Heaven Demoness did not dare to fight him head on, but they looked to trouble Snowy Mountain’s demonic path Gu Immortals, plundering their immortal materials and ruining their collection. Before long, Old Ancestor Xue Hu could not take it anymore, he had to give in to Zombie Alliance.”


 Chu Du had both brains and brawn, his tactic in dealing with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was definitely the best one.


 However, the actual effect would depend on how much damage Fang Yuan and Chu Sect’s strength path Gu Immortals can do.



***
Chapter 1167 - Become Dragon Mound


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, outside Become Dragon Mound.


 The strength path Gu Immortal from Chu Sect continued: “It is not easy to get information on this Gu Immortal from Bai Zu tribe, their Gu Immortals all live inside Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s grotto-heaven, they rarely move around in Northern Plains. Hmm?”


 It turned out, when he was still speaking, Fang Yuan had already flown out.


 “Quick, come back!”


 “Our battle plan has not been established yet.”


 “Don’t be rash!”


 “We might have two people on our side while the enemy is alone, but they have the territorial advantage, Become Dragon Mound has a set of Gu formations that can allow them to defend, as long as they last for a moment, there will be an endless stream of reinforcements from Bai Zu tribe!”


 The Chu Sect Gu Immortal quickly transmitted, he was extremely frantic.


 Fang Yuan did not reply to him, he flew into the air and called out: “Bai Zu tribe, come out, my Chu Sect is taking over Become Dragon Mound.”


 “What Chu Sect? Never heard of it! You dare to cause a scene in my Bai Zu tribe!” A young Gu Immortal appeared on Become Dragon Mound, showing intense rage.


 “We’re doomed!” The Chu Sect Gu Immortal had his head in his hands, showing a defeated and aggrieved look: “Why did master find such a person? He is too rash, he is just too rash!”


 “The situation was good earlier... sigh!” He shook his head continuously.


 Right now, they had no choice but to attack forcefully.


 The Chu Sect Gu Immortal was about to appear, when Fang Yuan attacked.


 Boom!


 A giant hand flew out, crushing the air like an imposing mountain, it had an incredible aura.


 Be it the Chu Sect Gu Immortal or Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortal, they were staring with dumbfounded expressions at this move.


 The Bai Zu Gu Immortal was the first to react, he shrieked: “Rank seven battle strength! You, you, you, a senior that is pretending to be weaker, aren’t you ashamed!”


 Saying so, he frantically activated Become Dragon Mound’s defensive Gu formation.


 After activating the Gu formation, Become Dragon Mound shone in layers of bright light, the entirety of Become Dragon Mound was enveloped by it.


 Fang Yuan snorted, the strength path giant hand ignored it, slamming on the formation.


 Bam bam bam...


 The strength path giant hand had incredible power, everywhere it went, the Gu formation collapsed without resistance.


 It could not even last five breaths of time, Become Dragon Mound’s defensive Gu formation was crushed by Fang Yuan, it became extremely damaged!


 The Bai Zu Gu Immortal had a pale expression, he was only rank six, seeing Fang Yuan’s strength, he did not dare to stay, he did not speak, rushing away immediately.


 Fang Yuan did not chase him, he flew towards the sky above Become Dragon Mound.


 Become Dragon Mound was completely ruined, but it was fine, Fang Yuan had landscape as before Immortal Gu.


 However, he could not use it in front of others.


 Thus, Fang Yuan used another Immortal Gu.


 Pulling Mountain!


 Rumble...


 Under the Chu Sect Gu Immortal’s shocked gaze, the entirety of Become Dragon Mound was pulled up by Fang Yuan, before he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and stuffed it inside.


 “He, he, he, actually took away Become Dragon Mound entirely!” Chu Sect’s Gu Immortal stammered, he was completely incoherent.


 At this point, he finally realized Fang Yuan’s words earlier were true, he was not exaggerating to raise morale.


 “Junior pays respect to senior.” The Chu Sect Gu Immortal lowered his head, flying into the air as he greeted Fang Yuan again.


 He was very careful, in a state of nervousness.


 Fang Yuan revealed rank six Gu Immortal aura, but the Chu Sect Gu Immortal was extremely suspicious of it! He felt that Fang Yuan was one of those senior great experts who had a strange interest in pretending to be weak!


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, looking in the direction of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 He did not do anything else.


 This action was huge, Bai Zu tribe would definitely act rapidly, exacting revenge with all their strength.


 Retreating now was the safest option.


 He had already obtained Become Dragon Mound anyway.


 As for Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals, there were only a few of them, they could not be killed. It was okay to kill Hei tribe Gu Immortals, but killing Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals would truly enrage Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


 That was not a wise decision.


 Soon, news that the tribe was getting attacked spread to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s ears.


 “Oh? It seems that Chu Du’s force is not small.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was shocked.


 “A total of eight Gu Immortals, all of strength path, Chu Du, you have some deeply hidden plans and motives.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu squinted, speaking in an eerie tone.


 This rank eight Gu Immortal had to admit, he had underestimated Chu Du.


 Not only did he underestimate Chu Du, he also underestimated his force.


 Once news got out, the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world would be shaken. Nobody had expected that Chu Du would gather such a group of people around him!


 “However, if you want me to retreat like this, you are simply looking down on me, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not waver at all, he continued to stay, considering all sorts of methods to try and enter Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 As expected, once information got out, the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world which had just calmed down went into a commotion again.


 Bai Zu tribe was attacked by an unknown force, it suffered a huge loss, losing a number of its resource points. The biggest loss was Become Dragon Mound, the area had simply turned into a giant pit.


 Bai Zu tribe was like an enraged lion, it bare its fangs and claws, wanting to take revenge.


 But Chu Sect’s Gu Immortals came and left quickly, with a well executed battle tactic, they did not lose any members.


 A few days later, Fang Yuan looked at the battle reports in Lang Ya blessed land.


 “This means, Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s danger has not been resolved yet.”


 “After all... this time, even though Chu Sect attacked at full force, causing a huge commotion, Bai Zu tribe did not suffer a huge loss. The biggest loss was Become Dragon Mound, the rest of the areas were originally quite damaged, they had not been fully restored. And because these strength path Gu Immortals have few Immortal Gu, their battle strength is low, they could only cause little damage.”


 “All in all, the commotion is greater than the effect, no wonder Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could endure it and continue to attack Hei Fan grotto-heaven without going back.”


 This way, the situation was in a deadlock.


 The fight over the ownership of Hei Fan grotto-heaven was split into two battlefields.


 One was Chu Du defending Hei Fan grotto-heaven, while Heavenly Lord Bai Zu tried to invade it. Chu Du was very passive, as Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had the initiative.


 The other was Chu Sect attacking Bai Zu tribe’s territories, Chu Sect had the initiative, while Bai Zu tribe had to defend.


 “In conclusion, Chu Du’s side is weaker.” Fang Yuan sighed.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu with rank eight cultivation level was much stronger. The reason why he could not display it was because he was trying to invade the grotto-heaven of an even stronger rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Gu Immortals with more dao marks would face more difficulty in entering blessed lands or grotto-heavens. Rank eight Gu Immortals could not even enter blessed lands, if they tried, the entire blessed land would burst from exceeding its capacity.


 And even though Bai Zu tribe had been created recently, it did not have a weak foundation, it took in many members of Hei tribe, its combined strength exceeded Chu Sect.


 Chu Sect was able to have the advantage the first time because it launched a sneak attack, it caught the Bai Zu tribe members off guard.


 If they tried this again, the other party would be wary, it would be less easy and safe!


 “At this rate, there is a high chance of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu taking over Hei Fan grotto-heaven, however, Chu Du still has his trump cards.”


 Fang Yuan decided to wait and see.


 A few days later, the entire Chu Sect was worried about Chu Du’s safety, they wanted to launch another attack and invited Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan rejected them, telling them not to act rashly.


 Chu Sect did not listen to Fang Yuan, but soon, Chu Du sent a letter to restrain them.


 Even though Chu Du was being attacked by a rank eight Gu Immortal, he had a clear mind, he could look at the situation and assess it accurately. This move was very strategic, he preserved Chu Sect’s foundation.


 The situation fell into a deadlock again.


 “Next, it will depend on how Chu Du reacts.”


 Fang Yuan did not believe that the great Domination Immortal would stop here.


 He forgot about this matter for the time being, the fifth earthly calamity was already over, his focus was on developing his immortal aperture.


 After taking Become Dragon Mound, Mini Southern Border obtained another named mountain.


 Even though Become Dragon Mound did not look amazing, it had deep foundations, it successfully overthrew Immortal Succession Mountain, becoming the second most valuable mountain after Five Light Mountain.


 In Mini Western Desert, there was a rotten dark swamp, filled with dark path dao marks. Fang Yuan had already used enough self will Gu to completely cleanse away the lingering heaven’s will in it.


 Other than that, in Mini Eastern Sea, there was a new blood lake that was isolated from the outside sea.


 This blood lake had the blood of desolate beasts and Gu Immortals added by Fang Yuan, blood asset Immortal Gu was placed in it, floating inside the blood lake.


 This Immortal Gu had been overused by Fang Yuan in a previous calamity, it was heavily damaged. Thus, it was placed here, recovering slowly.


 Fang Yuan used his divine sense and looked at it, realizing that blood asset Immortal Gu was still quite far from a full recovery.


 But this blood path Immortal Gu could already be considered easy to heal.


 Other Immortal Gu would require parallel refinement methods to recover. Not only would the difficulty be high, the risk would also be high.


 “Among my dao marks, the one most suited to me is my high number of blood path dao marks. But I only have one Immortal Gu, Blood Asset, if I can refine Blood Deity...”


 Fang Yuan’s plan of refining Blood Deity had been going on for some time.


 Inside Lang Ya blessed land, White Hair Continent, Yellow Hair Continent, and Black Hair Continent had been in war for many years.


 “Hold on, you have to persevere, our reinforcements are here!” The leader of the black haired Gu Masters shouted, attempting to raise the morale.


 On this battlefield, only a small part of the black haired army was left, the rest of the place was occupied by the allied white haired and yellow haired armies.


 Black haired Gu Masters fought bravely, but they had limited troops, they were shrinking in number.


 Croak!


 Right at this moment, the croaking of a toad resounded in the battlefield like thunder.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 A huge tide flowed, sweeping the battlefield, everywhere it went, countless white haired and yellow haired troops were washed away.


 At once, the allied army suffered huge losses.


 “A black hair rank five Gu Master! Oh no, it is that toad Gu Master Fang Zheng.” The allied white and yellow haired armies were in chaos.


 “We are saved, it is Fang Zheng...” The black haired Gu Masters had complex emotions.


 Under everyone’s gazes, Fang Zheng stood on the back of the River Swallowing Toad, he was dressed in a blue robe, entering the battlefield with a rush of his tides.


 Rumble!


 He suddenly attacked, his offense was extremely strong, rampaging in the battlefield, everywhere he went, troops fell over their horses, the allied army was sent into chaos by him.



***
Chapter 1168 - Lightning Refinement, Ma Hong Yun


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “You have finally become a strong expert. In all three continents, your current strength is at least top ten.” Fang Yuan’s fake will purposely praised in his mind.


 Fang Zheng replied plainly: “With enough accumulated growth, it happens naturally.”


 These last years, he killed mercilessly. Under the pressure of life and death, he was gradually understanding Fang Yuan’s emotions when he slaughtered his clan.


 He had no choice.


 Either you die or I die!


 Fang Zheng was still unable to forgive Fang Yuan, but he understood the reason why he did it. His deep hatred had faded slowly as time passed, after Fang Yuan’s fake will helped him to escape danger time and time again.


 “Run!”


 “We are not Fang Zheng’s match!!”


 Soon, the allied white and yellow haired Gu Master army broke apart.


 Fang Zheng did not talk to the black haired Gu Masters, he cleared out the battlefield and left.


 Leaving behind black hair Gu Masters who were looking at him with complex expressions as he left.


 “So he is that rumored human Gu Master.”


 “Amazing! In the blink of an eye, victory was decided.”


 “Unfortunately, he offended the higher ups, and is not a hairy man, no matter how big his contributions are, he can only reach this stage...”


 “Even though I am grateful to him, for my own future, I should keep a distance from him.”


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 After receiving the fake will, Fang Yuan had an understanding expression: “Oh, it seems that Fang Zheng is going to be ready soon, but Blood Deity’s recipe has not been completed. Should I divert some of my energy towards this?”


 Originally, according to Fang Yuan’s plans, he was going to use the light of wisdom to deduce Blood Deity’s recipe, it was the fastest way.


 But the light of wisdom was unusable now. Fang Yuan might as well deduce it himself, it would be more quickly this way than trying to use it again.


 But thinking about it, Fang Yuan gave up on this alluring option.


 Firstly, he had Hei Fan’s time path true inheritance, he did not lack methods, refining Blood Deity was only icing on the cake.


 On the other hand, blood path was not doing well in the current period. Once he used it, he would be chased down by all kinds of Gu Immortals. From Fang Yuan’s perspective, the five regions chaotic war was the best time to display blood path again.


 Ever since he took Become Dragon Mound, these last days, Fang Yuan had been waiting for Chu Du to act while cultivating diligently.


 His profits were starting to decline.


 Because a large number of the resources in Hei Fan grotto-heaven had already been sold by him.


 A lot of the resources in Hei Fan grotto-heaven could not grow in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, he could only sell them and exchange for the things he needed.


 This way, his profits increased rapidly.


 But these were non-replenishable resources, after a few months, he ran out of them.


 Even though Fang Yuan earned a lot of immortal essence stones, he also used a lot of them.


 An earthly calamity every two months was simply too frequent. And recently, Fang Yuan had fought in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Eastern Sea, and Become Dragon Mound, he used rank seven Immortal Gu, thus his green grape immortal essence expenditure was huge.


 And because he was developing his immortal aperture, he had invested a lot in it. His immortal essence stones came and went like a flowing river, even though the quantity was huge, he was not left with much to keep.


 “Currently, the only thing that can allow me to grow rapidly is to use the light of wisdom after settling the soul path trap in my immortal zombie body.”


 “Other than that, I can obtain information path methods to resolve the alliance agreements that I have. It will allow me to deal with the different forces and relationships more freely, I would be able to make full use of them.”


 “I can also rise to rank seven and obtain red date immortal essence, it will greatly lower my expenditure, and give me a qualitative growth.”


 Fang Yuan was aware of his options, but that did not mean he could easily succeed in doing them.


 He was at an impasse in his cultivation.


 Unless he had a fortuitous encounter, he could only get through these hurdles slowly.


 But how could fortuitous encounters come whenever he wanted them? Even if they did, Fang Yuan had to be wary of whether they were part of heaven’s will’s plot.


 Fang Yuan spent two hours cultivating his soul.


 In the remaining time, he would use sword eyebrows Immortal Gu to increase his number of sword path dao marks, or go to the outside world and use star eyes Immortal Gu to refine the stars in black heaven.


 Other than this, he had to spend a lot of effort in training his time path killer moves, to gain more proficiency to use them in actual battles.


 He was mainly working on developing his immortal aperture.


 Speaking of which, the sovereign immortal aperture’s initial stage arrangements were not completed yet.


 The reason was that he had too many Immortal Gu. For him to be self sufficient and not rely on the outside world, he would need to rely on the production in his sovereign immortal aperture to feed all of his Immortal Gu.


 At that time, his initial stage developments would be completed.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan had many rank eight Immortal Gu, he had just started gathering the food of attitude Gu and wisdom sword Immortal Gu, there was no follow up yet.


 He had no choice, this was his limit.


 Every day, he was making the most of every second, he was very stingy towards the use of his time on specific objectives, but his time and energy were limited. Fang Yuan could only think carefully before cultivating the most important aspects that he had chosen.


 Such hard work caused Fang Yuan to improve rapidly.


 Almost every day, he made great progress.


 The sovereign immortal aperture defied heaven itself, Fang Yuan’s hard work was simply inhuman, he was ruthless towards others, but was even stricter and more cruel towards himself.


 With these two elements, his immortal aperture’s development was rapid, Fang Yuan’s strength was rising all the time.


 Half a month passed like this, until Fang Yuan finally received Chu Du’s letter.


 In the letter, Chu Du invited Fang Yuan to help, once they succeeded, he would pay Fang Yuan hugely.


 Chu Du spoke very courteously and humbly, almost as if he had forgotten Fang Yuan was his ally.


 “Chu Du could control himself for so long, it is quite extraordinary. Fine, I will make the trip.” Fang Yuan was mentally prepared long ago, he immediately left.


 A day and a night later, he arrived at the secret meeting location.


 When he reached, many Gu Immortals had already arrived.


 “Senior, you have arrived.” The one who came to welcome Fang Yuan was the Chu Sect Gu Immortal who had went with Fang Yuan to take down Become Dragon Mound.


 “Allow me to make the introductions, these are experts that master has called for reinforcements. This is senior Hao Zhen.”


 Hao Zhen had the appearance of a middle aged man, he had a beard and a muscular body, he nodded at Fang Yuan.


 “This is senior Chou Lao Wu.” Chu Sect’s Gu Immortal continued.


 Chou Lao Wu had a dismal looking face, his body was thin and dry, his back was hunched, he smiled at Fang Yuan with his uneven yellow teeth, his appearance was extremely ugly.


 “This is senior Li Si Chun.” The Chu Sect Gu Immortal said with an evasive gaze.


 This Gu Immortal was quite unique.


 He had a square face, with thick brows and huge eyes, his nose bridge was very tall, his chest had thick black hair that was exposed, he was a man but he wore a flowery skirt.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, his eyes shined brightly as he pulled his flowery skirt, saying seductively: “Oh my goodness, it’s a handsome little brother.”


 The Chu Sect Gu Immortal shuddered, he immediately moved past this person, arriving at the final Gu Immortal.


 “This is senior Immortal Wang 1 .”


 Immortal Wang had a short stature, he had a red nose and triangular little eyes, looking at Fang Yuan as he said: “We have already introduced ourselves, you are the last one here, why don’t you introduce yourself to us?”


 Fang Yuan smiled plainly: “I have nothing much to say, I am just a lone cultivator. You can call me Liu Guan Yi.”


 “Liu Guan Yi.” The Chu Sect Gu Immortal quickly memorized this name. This was the first time he had heard Fang Yuan’s name, because he easily chased away the Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal and even took away Become Dragon Mound, he had developed a strong interest and curiosity in Fang Yuan, and even a little admiration.


 In fact, he was not the only one, the other Chu Sect Gu Immortals also paid a lot of attention to Fang Yuan.


 After all, they mainly cultivated strength path. Fang Yuan’s strength path battle strength was immense, in this world where strength path was declining, he was like their shining beacon of hope.


 “Liu Guan Yi.” Hao Zhen muttered, seemingly trying to remember this name.


 The others also etched this name deep in their minds.


 To be invited by Chu Du, and have the guts to deal with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he was definitely not ordinary.


 Hao Zhen and the rest had rank seven cultivation level.


 Of course, Fang Yuan was currently using familiar face, he was also emitting rank seven aura.


 “Darling Liu, I heard that you uprooted the entirety of Become Dragon Mound and took it away. You are so capable!” Li Si Chun laughed in an enticing manner, approaching Fang Yuan.


 All of the immortals felt goosebumps over their bodies.


 Fang Yuan was unmoved, he stared at Li Si Chun with a cold expression, he said plainly: “Stay away from me.”


 The hearts of the other invited immortals shuddered.


 Fang Yuan emitted a trace of deep killing intent that was bone-chilling, these invited immortals were all knowledgeable people, they instantly knew that this person was an evildoer who had killed countless people and was filled with ruthlessness.


 The Chu Sect Gu Immortals around them had little experience, they could not sense Fang Yuan’s ferocious nature, the Gu Immortal who was doing the introductions for Fang Yuan earlier said: “According to master’s arrangement, us Chu Sect Gu Immortals have low battle strength, we will not participate. We will be relying on you seniors, once we succeed, master will definitely compensate you well.”


 “Tell us about the battle plan.” Immortal Wang said.


 The Chu Sect Gu Immortal said some shocking things: “Master has devised a conclusive plan, seniors, we hope that you will work together and attack Iron Eagle blessed land!”


 At the same time, Snowy Mountain, first peak.


 The refinement path Gu formation was shining in golden light, it was so condensed it was almost solid, firmly cast over the peak of the snow mountain.


 Within the light, Lady Wan Shou and Old Ancestor Xue Hu were standing in front of Ma Hong Yun.


 Lady Wan Shou was extremely tired, she was carefully taking out a ball of lightning.


 The ball of lightning was fist sized, there were sparks inside, creating thunderous sounds, the exterior was protruding at times, at one glance, one could tell this lightning ball was unstable.


 “What, what are you trying to do?! No, no, ahhh!” Ma Hong Yun screamed, he had a frantic expression, but his entire body was immobilized, he could not move.


 “This is the final crucial step.” Lady Wan Shou said, pushing the lightning ball towards Ma Hong Yun.


 The lightning ball quickly fused into Ma Hong Yun’s chest, vanishing instantly.


 “AHHHHH—!” Ma Hong Yun was hit by intense waves of lightning, his body was shaking as he raised his head, he was screaming loudly with all his strength.



***
Chapter 1169 - Sudden Attack on Iron Eagle Blessed Land (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Lightning crackled.


 Ma Hong Yun quickly fainted as his eyes rolled over, saliva leaking out of his mouth. He had completely lost consciousness, but his body was still shaking intensely.


 The lightning started out strong and slowly weakened, until it vanished.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s expression sank.


 Ma Hong Yun’s lightning refinement failed!


 If they succeeded, why would Ma Hong Yun still be around? He would be refined by lightning, his flesh and bones would be gone, only a lump of golden luck essence would be left.


 Lady Wan Shou let out a gasp, there was paleness on her beautiful face.


 She was the one using lightning refinement on Ma Hong Yun, it was a crucial step in refining fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu. Now that she failed, Lady Wan Shou suffered a heavy backlash, she was injured.


 “Dear.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu had an anxious tone, he expressed concern in his gaze.


 Lady Wan Shou smiled at him lightly, saying softly: “Don’t worry, I can endure such a level of injury. I just need to rest for half a day and I will recover.”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu let out a breath: “That is good.”


 Pausing for a while, he continued: “Even though we failed this time, it is fine, this is only the first attempt! We have prepared ample refinement materials.”


 “That’s right.” Lady Wan Shou acknowledged: “Even though we failed once, and have to start over, this refinement path Gu formation preserves much of our beforehand successes, the second refinement will definitely go smoothly. Let me rest for half a day, after I recover, we will start over.”


 How could Immortal Gu refinement succeed at the first attempt?


 Especially rank eight Immortal Gu, the success rate was absurdly low.


 In the past, when Hei Fan refined years flow like water Immortal Gu, he failed consecutively, he even lost confidence in it after many failures.


 Thus, Old Ancestor Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou did not put this failure to heart.


 They were very confident.


 “Dear, why the rush? It is fine if you rest for a few days. You may not know yet, another storm is brewing in Northern Plains, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Chu Du are fighting over the ownership of Hei Fan grotto-heaven. Right now, they are in a deadlock, but I am sure Chu Du has backup plans, he has just not used them yet.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu smiled, explaining the details to her.


 “Oh?” Lady Wan Shou heard this and joy flashed across her face.


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was refining fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, the risks involved were not just the rank eight Immortal Gu refinement itself.


 Northern Plains had other rank eight Gu Immortals, they were unwilling to see Old Ancestor Xue Hu obtain a rank eight Immortal Gu and become even stronger.


 Thus, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had to keep a close watch on these rank eight existences.


 Since Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was fighting with Chu Du now, for Old Ancestor Xue Hu, it was a wonderful thing.


 However, after Lady Wan Shou heard his words, she shook her head firmly, rejecting Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s suggestion: “I only need half a day of rest. This refinement path Gu formation was created by Sun Ming Lu, who mimicked Regret Pool. It has several functions of Regret Pool, but it can only last for a day. Resting half a day is the limit, I need to refine Gu using the rest of the time.”


 “So that’s it.” Old Ancestor Xue Hu realized, he said with much concern: “Dear, it has been hard on you.”


 “No matter, it is an extremely exciting thing for me to be able to refine a rank eight Immortal Gu.” Lady Wan Shou’s eyes shone with dazzling brilliance.


 That night.


 Moonlight shone on the grasslands, several figures approached Iron Eagle blessed land stealthily.


 They were Fang Yuan, Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu, Li Si Chun, and Immortal Wang.


 Iron Eagle blessed land was Hei tribe’s headquarters originally, but after they were wiped out, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu took over and made it the main base of Bai Zu tribe.


 At this moment, Iron Eagle blessed land was hidden in empty space, it could not be seen from the outside.


 Fang Yuan took a glance, only to see that the green grass was reflecting the moonlight like a lake, it was extremely lush. The night’s winds blew on one’s face, like the hands of one’s lover.


 It was a harmonious scene, but Fang Yuan and his fellow Gu Immortals were overflowing with battle intent, flames were burning in their hearts.


 Chu Du’s battle plan made Fang Yuan feel admiration towards him.


 Chu Du endured for half a month, it was not a short time. He planned secretly and gathered his strength, bursting it out as he attacked the enemy’s base.


 If Iron Eagle blessed land were to be successfully taken down, it would greatly influence Bai Zu tribe. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu might truly be forced to return and give up on Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 “Chu Du has some brains indeed. He is taking advantage of Bai Zu tribe’s inner conflict.” Hao Zhen smiled.


 “Hehe, Bai Zu tribe took in Hei tribe, they assimilated the Hei tribe Gu Immortals. Even though the Hei tribe Gu Immortals changed their surnames to Bai Zu, they have genuine Huang Jin bloodline, they are being ostracized. Just now, almost all of Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were sent out to defend the important resource points. But the Bai Zu Gu Immortals were staying guard inside Iron Eagle blessed land.” Chou Lao Wu added.


 Because Chu Sect’s Gu Immortals were hidden, they could attack at any time. Bai Zu tribe’s outside resources could not be unguarded. This type of defense mission was very difficult, it was far more dangerous than guarding Iron Eagle blessed land.


 After all, the Gu formations at the resource points were rebuilt after they were destroyed earlier. Because these points were far from each other, when a single Gu Immortal defended one area, it was easy for many enemies to attack them at once.


 “Darling Chu is simply a heroic genius! I was thinking earlier, which resource point should we choose to attack this time for darling Chu. But to think that we would attack Iron Eagle blessed land directly, ah, every time I think about darling Chu, my heart pounds so quickly. He is really amazing!” Li Si Chun curled his flowery fingers as he clutched his chest, showing a look of attraction and infatuation.


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu beside him felt their hair standing, they quickly moved away from him, as far as possible.


 “Alright, we have to strike fast! Who has a method to break into Iron Eagle blessed land, why are you not going ahead with it?” Fang Yuan asked coldly.


 Li Si Chun’s eyes shined brightly: “Darling Liu is so cool, I am really moved.”


 Fang Yuan said expressionlessly: “F*ck off, will you.”


 Li Si Chun gasped, holding his chest as he took a few steps back, shaking his head: “I am so upset, my heart is about to shatter!”


 As if he could not stand Li Si Chun’s amorous words, Immortal Wang stood up.


 Like what Fang Yuan had estimated, among them, someone had a way to break into blessed lands rapidly. This was not Fang Yuan’s confidence in these strangers, it was his confidence in Chu Du. He was an intelligent person, why would he not think of this when devising a plan to attack Iron Eagle blessed land?


 Immortal Wang’s throat emitted a sound, his aura rose intensely as countless Gu worm auras emanated from his body.


 With a bright flash, Immortal Wang turned into a giant hound.


 This hound had white fur, like snow, it had four strong limbs and a big head, its eyes were pale and colorless, without any pupils.


 Li Si Chun gasped as he cried out: “Ah, this is an immemorial desolate beast, heaven swallowing hound?”


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu looked at each other, feeling joy and surprise. Did it mean he had rank eight battle strength?


 Fang Yuan shook his head calmly: “Even if he became a heaven swallowing hound, he only has rank seven cultivation level, how can he have rank eight battle strength?”


 If he did, why would Fang Yuan, Hao Zhen, and the rest need to come? Just Immortal Wang alone could take down Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Furthermore, if he had rank eight battle strength, he would be famous in Northern Plains, how could Chu Du invite him over so easily?


 At this moment, the heaven swallowing hound that Immortal Wang turned into burst out with countless Gu worm auras again.


 These auras intertwined, instantly, another immortal killer move was conjured.


 The heaven swallowing hound suddenly opened its mouth, biting at the space in front of it.


 Space shook, a shadow was torn out, entering the heaven swallowing hound’s mouth.


 Next, shocked shouts could be heard.


 “Who is it?!”


 “You dare to devour our Iron Eagle blessed land!”


 “Enemy attack!!”


 Like the shattering of a mirror, a huge gap was created, Fang Yuan and the others could see the scene inside Iron Eagle blessed land.


 The Bai Zu Gu Immortals reacted quickly, several figures flew over, wanting to block Fang Yuan and the rest.


 Immortal Wang turned back to human form, saying weakly: “I need to recuperate, it is up to all of you now.”


 Seeing his pale face, turning into the immemorial desolate beast was clearly beyond his limits, or perhaps, that immortal killer move earlier had a strong drawback.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan stomped, creating a huge pit on the ground.


 Before Immortal Wang finished his words, he had shot out like a cannon, charging over imposingly.


 He was the first to invade, entering Iron Eagle blessed land.


 “Such guts!”


 “Look at our Immortal Gu!!”


 The Gu Immortals from Bai Zu tribe faced him, among them, there were rank six and seven Gu Immortals, they attacked fiercely.


 Fang Yuan snorted, pushing with his right hand.


 With a loud sound, air burst as a huge giant hand slammed in that direction.


 Fighting offense with offense.


 Fang Yuan displayed incredible battle strength, he was extremely powerful. The strength path giant hand crushed the layers of attacks by the Bai Zu Gu Immortals. Thereafter, it flew towards the Bai Zu Gu Immortals.


 But after blocking the attacks earlier, the strength path giant hand did not have enough force left.


 A Bai Zu Gu Immortal attacked fiercely, with a swoosh, countless golden needles flew out of his mouth, in the blink of an eye, it pierced countless holes in the giant hand, before flying towards Fang Yuan.


 A cold light flashed deep within Fang Yuan’s dark eyes.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu!


 In an instant, his speed rose drastically, he flew deep into Iron Eagle blessed land like a flying sword.


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were shocked by his speed.


 Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu, and Li Si Chun, these three immortals behind him were very shocked too. They were hoping that Fang Yuan would be in front, diverting the firepower away from them.


 But would Fang Yuan let them take advantage of him?


 At the next moment, a Gu Immortal from Bai Zu tribe chased after Fang Yuan relentlessly. The other Gu Immortals remained on the spot, blocking Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu, and Li Si Chun.


 Countless attacks flew out like torrential rain.


 A chaotic battle ensued, the Gu Immortals could not care about anything else, they were all stuck here.


 Fang Yuan flew into the sky!


 His investigative methods had been activated long ago, he could see many traces left behind during the battle of Hei tribe.



***
Chapter 1170 - Sudden Attack on Iron Eagle Blessed Land (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even though Iron Eagle blessed land was taken over by Bai Zu tribe, it had only operated for a short time, even though it was being renewed, it was still far from Hei tribe’s prime.


 “Hmm?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he could see many eagle nests floating in the sky.


 “There are few resources on the ground, but the sky has at least a hundred eagle nests. It seems that Bai Zu tribe’s strategy is to develop Iron Eagle blessed land’s specialty and fully place effort in raising iron crown eagles and other desolate beasts.” Fang Yuan realized.


 This was clearly a good strategy.


 Raising desolate beasts and selling them in treasure yellow heaven would grant a huge profit for each of them!


 “Last time, I could not be here for the destruction of Hei tribe, this time, I can earn a huge profit and snatch all of these eagle nests!” Fang Yuan felt excitement.


 He was very perceptive, at one glance, he could tell that in the entirety of Iron Eagle blessed land, the most valuable thing were these eagle nests.


 And there was a crucial point, these eagle nests were easy to take, unlike the other resources.


 “Evil scoundrel, stop!” Behind him, a Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal was frantically shouting.


 “It seems that I need to get rid of this problem.” Fang Yuan sneered, turning around and charging towards the pursuer.


 This pursuer was called Bai Zu Wei, he had rank seven cultivation level, and was the leader of the defenders of Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Just earlier, he was the one who sent out all of Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals to the resource points in the outside world to defend them.


 He felt that Iron Eagle blessed land was still safe, but Chu Du’s strategies had outmaneuvered him.


 This attack came too quickly.


 When Fang Yuan and the others attacked, it was like lightning had struck Bai Zu Wei’s heart.


 If Iron Eagle blessed land suffered a huge loss, as the leader, he would have to bear the responsibility. Thus, he was very anxious now, he made up his mind, even if he had to put his life on the line, he had to defend Iron Eagle blessed land!


 Thus, Bai Zu Wei’s facial muscles moved when he saw Fang Yuan charging at him, he showed a ruthless expression, he did not dodge, instead, he rushed at Fang Yuan with an even fiercer stance.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s gaze shined, he saw that his opponent’s body was shining in golden light.


 “A metal path Gu Immortal? He seems to be very confident in his defense.” Fang Yuan had this thought in his mind as he turned around, flying in the backward-left direction.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu’s speed was extraordinary, but he did not gain any distance from Bai Zu Wei.


 He used his immortal killer move, his speed was not any slower!


 “Even though Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals have always lived inside Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s grotto-heaven, they are not weak at all because of this rank eight Gu Immortal’s nurturing. Then... let me see your investigative methods.” Fang Yuan’s body shook, he used the immortal killer move myriad self.


 Rumble!


 At the next moment, countless Fang Yuan phantoms appeared, filling up half of the sky.


 Bai Zu Wei’s expression of rage and anxiety froze.


 He used his investigative killer move next.


 His eyes turned golden, two rays of light seemed to be shooting out from his eyes, as he started looking around.


 “My investigative immortal killer move was created by Heavenly Lord himself! No matter where you are hiding, how can you escape my detection?” Bai Zu Wei was confident.


 But next, after a few breaths of time, he was stunned.


 “How, how can this be? Where is his true body? I can’t see it?!” He was extremely shocked.


 He would not know, even though his investigative killer move was good, Fang Yuan’s familiar face was immensely better!


 The former was created by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, but the latter was a move famously used by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Boom boom boom.


 Eagle nests broke open as Fang Yuan manipulated the myriad self army, attacking these eagle nests with full force.


 In the eagle nests, there were young eagles and eggs that had not hatched yet.


 Their homes were wrecked, the young eagles were chirping, moving out and fighting with Fang Yuan’s phantoms.


 Fang Yuan’s phantoms had low quality, they could not fight against the young desolate beast eagles. However, the number of phantoms was too high, they could attack from every direction, the young desolate beast eagles could not defend the nests.


 Soon, eagle nests were destroyed as they fell from the sky.


 “No!” Bai Zu Wei shouted, rushing over, using a metal path killer move to try and catch an eagle nest that was falling. He next carefully placed it on the ground as it descended.


 Using this chance, Fang Yuan revealed his true self, he used strength path giant hand and grabbed an eagle nest, stuffing it into his immortal aperture.


 His immortal aperture’s entrance opened and closed, stuffing an eagle nest inside.


 Bai Zu Wei saved the eagle nest in front of him, he had just let out a breath of air when he saw this scene.


 Immediately, his eyes turned red as he furiously shouted: “No! Damned thief, return our eagle nest!”


 Saying this, he pounced at Fang Yuan with a ferocious aura.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled, he smiled sinisterly as he entered the myriad self army, manipulating these strength path phantoms to scatter.


 Bai Zu Wei was stunned!


 His investigative method could not expose familiar face. He could only attack randomly, betting on chance. But how could his luck surpass Fang Yuan, who had dog shit luck Immortal Gu, and had also used Connect Luck on four lucky people?


 Like this, Fang Yuan manipulated the myriad self army, attacking eagle nests everywhere. Bai Zu Wei was alone and could not find Fang Yuan’s true body, he could only rush everywhere, desperately salvaging the situation.


 Fang Yuan used this chance to strike, taking more eagle nests into his immortal aperture.


 Bai Zu Wei roared angrily, but he was helpless to stop him.


 His lungs were bursting from anger, he screamed at the top of his lungs: “Shameless thief! Fight me fairly and openly if you have the balls to do so!”


 Fang Yuan ignored him.


 Bai Zu Wei screamed again: “You cowardly bastard, you are running around like a rat, how dare you invade my Bai Zu tribe?!”


 Fang Yuan stored another eagle nest.


 Bai Zu Wei had bloodshot eyes, his voice was hoarse: “You will not remain smug for long, you have offended Lord Heavenly Lord Bai Zu! Even if you run to the ends of the world, we will find you and deal with you!!”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, chanting on the spot: “One two three four, five six seven eight, the eagle nests are in my hands, what can Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals do to me?”


 Guh.


 Bai Zu Wei spat out a mouthful of blood from pure anger.


 In fact, these eagle nests were managed by him, he poured his blood and sweat into each of them.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would not care about these things, he trusted and gave him the authority to manage them, but Bai Zu tribe did not have much resources, Bai Zu Wei was putting in a lot of effort to try and increase the resource production, these eagle nests were his biggest hope in helping Bai Zu tribe ascend and break free from financial problems.


 But these beautiful prospects were ruined by this accursed Fang Yuan.


 “I will not let you off, I will not let you off even if I die!!” Bai Zu Wei screamed, he was spitting out blood and having a shrill voice, but the hatred in his voice made Immortal Wang, who had just arrived, feel a chill down his spine.


 “How many eagle nests did this Liu Guan Yi take, to make Bai Zu Wei so enraged?” Immortal Wang reacted, he felt envious and jealous, he wanted the person Bai Zu Wei was cursing to be himself!


 Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu, and Li Si Chun were still fighting.


 “Where is Immortal Wang?”


 “He entered the place. This dog actually went on a detour and made a new entrance at the back.”


 The three immortals conversed, they were anxious and furious.


 They wanted to go inside too and scavenge for resources, but Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were blocking their entry.


 These Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals could not be killed.


 Fang Yuan knew this, Hao Zhen and the rest also knew that this was their bottom line.


 Bai Zu tribe was just established, they only had these few Gu Immortals, they were all nurtured by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 If they died, it would mean becoming enemies with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu without any hope of reconciliation. If Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not take revenge, he would not have any face to remain in Northern Plains!


 Attacking Iron Eagle blessed land and making Bai Zu tribe lose some resources, or even killing some Hei tribe Gu Immortals was fine. The important thing was, these Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals could not die. Chu Du had placed much emphasis on this point before they went.


 Chu Du did not want to be a mortal enemy with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 In terms of strength, Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were inferior to Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu, and Li Si Chun, these three rank seven Gu Immortals, but they were united and fought together, the three immortals were actually suppressed instead.


 Li Si Chun shouted: “Let’s retreat first!”


 The other two immortals reacted, immediately moving back.


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals chased after them, as the three immortals split up.


 “Quickly come back! This is the outside world of Northern Plains, we are not reinforced by Iron Eagle blessed land. There are already enemies inside the blessed land, let’s go back and help Lord Wei!” Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals chased for a while before returning to Iron Eagle blessed land.


 The three immortals saw a chance and flew back immediately.


 Among them, Li Si Chun went to the entrance created by Immortal Wang, successfully getting into Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were panicking, the entrance could not be blocked anymore, even if they went to the bigger gap in space, they could not change the situation.


 They were also concerned about Bai Zu Wei’s safety.


 After all, three rank seven Gu Immortals had already entered Iron Eagle blessed land.


 “Let’s go find Lord Wei first!”


 This was a wise decision.


 Without anyone guarding it, Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu got into the blessed land as well.


 “Quick, quick, we are the last ones in.”


 “Go and see what resources there are, and get them for ourselves!”


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu were extremely hurried.


 Gu Immortals needed resources to cultivate, this was their foundation for cultivation!


 Without resources, they could do nothing.


 This time, the immortals came to attack Bai Zu tribe, their own objective was to gain benefits. Without profits, how could anyone resolve themselves to offend a rank eight Gu Immortal?


 “Alright, these soft jades are all mine!” Li Si Chun licked his lips, unsatisfied.


 The soft jade beach in front of him was newly built by Bai Zu tribe.


 Unfortunately, there were only a few hundred soft jades on the beach, the largest one was only basin sized, Li Si Chun was not satisfied.


 “This is the third resource point I have found, there are so little resources. Damn, Bai Zu tribe is so poor, what’s the point of trying to become a super force.” Li Si Chun stood with his hands on his waist as he cursed.


 “Oh? Wait, no!” He raised his head, looking at the sky with a flickering gaze.


 “Damn, why did I forget about this?!” He patted his forehead, rapidly flying into the sky.


 There were only three eagle nests in the sky.


 Countless Fang Yuan phantoms were still flying in the sky, diverting Bai Zu Wei’s attention.


 Fang Yuan’s true body was hidden among them, no matter how Bai Zu Wei cursed him, he refused to come out.



***
Chapter 1171 - Wind Thunder Roar


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Thankfully, Bai Zu Wei was no longer as stifled as before.


 He chased Immortal Wang all over the place.


 Immortal Wang turned into a falling star hound, he was fast as he ran, shouting: “Why are you only chasing me? I did not even get a single eagle nest, it was all Liu Guan Yi! Are you blind? Do you have a brain?”


 “You will all die, you will all die!!” Bai Zu Wei was beyond angry.


 He could not find Fang Yuan’s true body, he could only take it out in Immortal Wang.


 Immortal Wang was strong, but he did not dare to make a killing move against Bai Zu Wei, so he could only run away.


 Thanks to him drawing Bai Zu Wei’s attention, Fang Yuan successfully obtained another eagle nest.


 “Ah!” Bai Zu Wei charged towards him, but Fang Yuan smiled, using the same move to hide among the myriad self army.


 Bai Zu Wei roared loudly, he was extremely angry, countless golden needles rained down like a storm, pouring.


 Countless myriad self phantoms were destroyed, but Fang Yuan used it again, replenishing the phantoms.


 This tactic was too shameless, Bai Zu Wei was breathing roughly from anger.


 At this time, Bai Zu tribe’s other Gu Immortals arrived.


 “Ah, where are our eagle nests?!”


 “Lord Wei, are you alright?”


 “Scoundrel! Return out eagle nests!”


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were furious, they were currently experiencing Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals’ feelings when their headquarters were attacked and taken over, the rage and helplessness they felt.


 At the same time, Li Si Chun arrived too.


 Hearing the screams of Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals, he easily understood what was going on.


 He looked at the falling star hound that Immortal Wang had turned into, saying enviously: “Immortal Wang, you truly made great gains!”


 The falling star hound who was full of injuries heard this and burst out angrily, speaking human language: “Woof! What damn gains, I did not get a single thing!”


 Li Si Chun rolled his eyes, pointing at the falling star hound: “Sigh, who are you kidding? Look at how petty you are, I am not after your gains.”


 Immortal Wang was almost jumping from rage: “Woof! So be it if you do not believe me, all the good stuff has been taken by that crafty Liu Guan Yi!!”


 Li Si Chun was stunned, before looking at the army of myriad self phantoms, his eyes shined: “To think that darling Liu has such amazing methods, I am truly seeing him in a different light.”


 As he said that, something happened over there with Bai Zu tribe’s immortals.


 Green light burst into the sky, a huge green giant formed, its imposing aura enveloped the entire battlefield.


 “None of you will escape!” The green giant shouted, it was loud as thunder, echoing in Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Immortal Wang, who had become a falling star hound, saw this and ran rapidly with all four legs!


 Li Si Chun screamed: “Oh mother! Ancient battle formation, Green City Rampage!”


 Before finishing his words, he turned around and ran.


 Ancient battle formation Green City Rampage, it was an amazing method that could rival rank eight Gu Immortals. After Heavenly Lord Bai Zu recruited the four supreme elders of Hei tribe, he obtained it and gave it to Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals to learn it.


 This time, the Bai Zu Gu Immortals were using this formation for the first time in battle.


 Boom!


 The green giant clapped.


 Golden light shone, instantly destroying all of the myriad self phantoms in the battlefield.


 Fang Yuan’s true body was hiding in an eagle nest, he had transformed into a small eagle, his heartbeat was accelerating.


 “As expected of Green City Rampage, my myriad self phantoms were instantly destroyed, yet the three eagle nests were unharmed. By gathering everyone’s strength, the attacks of the Bai Zu tribe immortals became much stronger, and their manipulation also became more precise. It is a pity... they are still unable to find me.”


 Familiar face was this useful!


 Without luck inspection or similarly special methods, it was almost unstoppable.


 The green giant’s eyes burst out with golden light, the Bai Zu Gu Immortals activated all sorts of investigative killer moves, but they could not find Fang Yuan.


 Bai Zu Wei snorted coldly, suddenly moving the giant’s hand, grabbing an eagle nest and putting it into his immortal aperture.


 “Hmm? He became smarter.” Fang Yuan sighed, activating myriad self as he moved his real body.


 He could not enter Bai Zu Wei’s immortal aperture along with the eagle nest.


 Even though that was Bai Zu Wei’s greatest weakness, Fang Yuan did not have methods to break out of the immortal aperture, he was likely to be stuck inside.


 For just three eagle nests, it was not worth the risk.


 He had already taken more than eighty eagle nests!


 “He is here indeed! Die!” The green giant screamed, golden light flashed as the myriad self army was decimated, only Fang Yuan was left.


 Next, the green giant waved its hand as a dark green wind blade was formed.


 The wind blade slashed at Fang Yuan with incredible speed.


 Fang Yuan used myriad self again, hiding among the phantoms.


 But the wind blade turned into numerous blades, slashing their respective targets..


 Fang Yuan spat out a mouthful of blood, his time path defensive killer move was instantly broken, his ribcage had multiple fractures, his spine was nearly snapped, he had suffered a huge blow!


 This was the terrifying battle strength that matched rank eight existences!


 The wind blade had already split into countless ones, Fang Yuan was only hit by one of them.


 He wanted to dodge, but after the wind blade split up, its speed rose tremendously, he could not evade it.


 Man as Before!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan healed completely.


 The green giant was very confident in this move, seeing that Fang Yuan was unharmed, it was enraged, charging towards him angrily.


 Fang Yuan sped away as he flew.


 He decided on a direction and flew towards Immortal Wang.


 Immortal Wang saw that Fang Yuan was luring Green City Rampage over, he was so shocked he barked non-stop, his four dog legs moved like a windmill, desperately running for his life.


 Fang Yuan quickly got closer to him.


 Green City Rampage was chasing him relentlessly.


 “Woof! Don’t come, don’t come here!”


 “Woof! Liu Guan Yi, you took all the benefits, and you still want to drag me down with you! You are too ruthless!!”


 “Woof! Let me off, we are friends of Domination Immortal!”


 Fang Yuan had a cold expression, he ignored these words, he was bent on making Immortal Wang his cannon fodder.


 There was no choice, Green City Rampage’s speed was faster than sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Without cannon fodder, Fang Yuan could not outspeed Green City Rampage!


 Immortal Wang saw that Fang Yuan had run ahead of him, while Green City Rampage was right behind.


 At this moment, he was filled with intense rage and killing intent!


 He had mixed in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world for so many years, he had never suffered like today before. This Liu Guan Yi, this pretty boy! He did not give a good impression at first glance, and after attacking Iron Eagle blessed land, he earned the most, Immortal Wang did not even get a single eagle nest!!


 The important thing was, he was trying to use him as a sacrificial lamb now.


 Immortal Wang almost attacked Fang Yuan.


 But he restrained this urge.


 The reason was obvious, before this battle, they had gathered into a temporary alliance, they were restrained by dao marks. If he attacked an ally, he would face a terrifying backlash.


 This was necessary.


 Because Fang Yuan, Li Si Chun and the rest were not close, when they worked together, they needed an alliance agreement, that was the basis of trust!


 And the one who created the alliance agreement was a Gu Immortal in Chu Sect that Chu Du had chosen.


 “At least you are still smart.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he was a vigilant person, he naturally was on guard against Immortal Wang’s attacks.


 Sword escape Immortal Gu continued to fly, his green grape immortal essence was expended drastically, Fang Yuan flew faster and shrugged off Immortal Wang.


 But he could not break away from the green giant.


 This was the ancient battle formation Green City Rampage, ranked third in the past! It was only weaker than Heavenly Giant Solor and Golden Heavenly Saint.


 If he did not scheme, Fang Yuan would be caught by the green giant eventually.


 Doing something like this which harmed an ally also caused him to suffer some backlash. But the extent of it was mild, because Fang Yuan did not attack his ally.


 Immortal Wang was anxious, his dog fur was standing up, he could feel intense killing intent from Green City Rampage.


 “Quickly save me!” Immortal Wang shouted, feeling despair.


 “Don’t worry Brother Wang, we are here to help you.” Far away, Hao Zhen shouted.


 Beside him, there was a Gu Immortal, it was Chou Lao Wu.


 Immortal Wang heard his words and was overjoyed, quickly shouting: “If I am saved, I will definitely thank you guys!”


 Hao Zhen nodded, speaking to Chou Lao Wu softly: “Brother Chou, let’s start.”


 “Alright.” Chou Lao Wu burst out with an intense aura that shot up into the sky, a large amount of his red date immortal essence was expended at once.


 Around his entire body, a dark green wind was enveloping it, forming a gigantic ball of compressed winds.


 “Wind—” Chou Lao Wu growled.


 “Thunder!” Next, Hao Zhen cried out at the sky.


 His muscular body was upright like a spear, he was floating in the air, countless lightning sparks were flickering, turning the area of a hundred steps around him into a plasma pool.


 Next, Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen opened their mouths, bellowing loudly towards the green giant which was still far away —


 “Roar!!”


 Double immortal killer move — Wind Thunder Roar.


 First, the dark green wind ball flew out, forming into a horizontal tornado. It was like a world destroying serpent, moving forward with destructive force.


 Next, the lightning plasma shot towards it, fusing with the tornado in an instant, forming a thick wind and lightning pillar.


 The pillar moved extremely quickly, it shot out and flew several meters above the ground, along the way, intense air currents were formed, digging huge trenches along the grassland on the ground.


 Two breaths of time later, the wind and lightning pillar crashed into the green giant’s chest with an unstoppable force.


 Peak rank seven battle strength!


 The green giant stood on the ground and braced itself, raising its arms in defense.


 After several breaths of time, the attack dissipated, while the giant was still standing.


 “If I were to be hit by wind thunder roar, I would die for sure. Worthy of Green City Rampage!” Fang Yuan flew as he watched the battle of two sides.


 Immortal Wang was still running without even looking back, he was afraid that any pause would cause him to die there.


 “No wonder it can rival rank eight Gu Immortals, let’s run!” Hao Zhen had a pale expression, the use of wind thunder roar was extremely taxing on him.


 Chou Lao Wu was not feeling good either, the two quickly retreated.


 The green giant almost perfectly blocked wind thunder roar, but unexpectedly, it stopped moving after the attack, staying completely still.


 “Something’s strange.” During this period, most of the battling Gu Immortals had fled a huge distance.


 At the next moment, they saw that the green giant broke apart all of a sudden.


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were all spitting out blood, they fell towards the ground.



***
Chapter 1172 - Unresolvable


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The ancient battle formation was broken, Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals suffered a huge backlash.


 “Lord Wei!!” Someone cried out.


 Bai Zu Wei was the key person controlling the formation, after the ancient battle formation was broken, he suffered the biggest damage, he actually died on the spot.


 Bai Zu Wei was the number one person below Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, the core of Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 To think that after Bai Zu tribe was created, when he was about to reach the prime of his life, he died in their base camp.


 This shocking change not only made the Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals feel deep sadness, Fang Yuan and the rest who invaded Iron Eagle blessed land also turned solemn.


 A member of Bai Zu tribe died!


 The enmity was huge now!!


 Fang Yuan had a heavy mood.


 Li Si Chun, with his flowery appearance, had a pale expression as he asked: “What, what do we do?”


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu had even worse expressions.


 “How could this happen? Green City Rampage can rival rank eights, our wind thunder roar cannot cause such harm to him.” Chou Lao Wu could not believe this.


 “They were not familiar enough with the formation...” Fang Yuan had a realization in his mind.


 The ancient battle formation Green City Rampage was powerful, but it was not so easy to use successfully.


 The four top supreme elders of Hei tribe could use it well, that was because they had spent a huge amount of time practising it.


 But the Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortals had only practised Green City Rampage for a short period of time.


 And now was their first true battle in using it, it was understandable that they had made some errors.


 “The matter is huge now, let’s all discuss, what do we do now?” The immortals left the battlefield as Hao Zhen called out.


 “Hmph, you two are the ones who killed him, what does it have to do with me?” Fang Yuan sneered, flying away.


 “You!” Hao Zhen was furious.


 Chou Lao Wu quickly said: “Liu Guan Yi, we are all in the same boat, do you think the Heavenly Lord will let you off in his rage?”


 But Fang Yuan ignored him, he continued to retreat, quickly entering the clouds, vanishing from everyone’s vision.


 The other immortals were still flying, but they were silent and uncertain.


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu felt panicked and flustered.


 Chou Lao Wu tried to calm himself down, he broke the silence: “Liu Guan Yi is such a scoundrel...”


 Before he finished his words, Immortal Wang interrupted: “Ah! I am heavily injured, I need to seek treatment, I will take my leave first.”


 He turned into a falling star hound and changed directions, running away.


 Li Si Chun saw this and thought quickly, smiling: “I am skilled at healing techniques, wait for me Immortal Wang, I’ll help you.”


 Saying this, he followed behind Immortal Wang, swiftly leaving the place.


 Chou Lao Wu looked at this in disbelief, he stared with wide opened eyes, cursing: “This dog shit Wang, he is so shameless! To think we saved him! If we’d known this in advance, why would we even help?!”


 Chou Lao Wu looked at Hao Zhen, all of the negative emotions inside him were alleviated by a bit.


 After all, he was not alone.


 Other than him, Hao Zhen had also attacked.


 Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen had a good relationship, this was rare among demonic path Gu Immortals. Once this happened, these two unlucky brothers’ relationship would grow closer.


 But this did not help matters.


 The two looked at each other, Hao Zhen had a stiff expression, he said in a heavy tone: “Since this has happened already, there is nothing we can do. Now, we can only rely on Chu Du.”


 Chou Lao Wu’s eyes were shining, he was like a drowning person who saw a floating log: “That’s right, you are right. We were invited by Chu Du to help him, he cannot abandon us! Let’s go find him!”


 Fang Yuan did not stick around, he immediately returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 “The situation is a little complex now.” He frowned slightly, analyzing the situation.


 Originally, this attack on Iron Eagle blessed land was rather successful.


 Fang Yuan and the others attacked Iron Eagle blessed land, they destroyed and took away a lot of resources, it was a huge blow to Bai Zu tribe.


 If that was all that happened, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would have to retreat, to defend his base.


 He had created a super force after so much work, he had squeezed into the cracks between the Huang Jin tribes, obtaining his own territory. This expended so much of his time and effort, he had even paid a huge price!


 If he continued to attack Hei Fan grotto-heaven relentlessly, allowing Fang Yuan and the others to continue attacking them, the situation would become very unstable.


 Bai Zu tribe’s reputation would be completely ruined before it was even established. Other forces and Gu Immortals would gather like hungry wolves, targeting Bai Zu tribe like how they attacked Hei tribe.


 Once such a situation occurs, even Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would feel very troubled.


 Because he was not the only rank eight in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 In order to defend his hard work, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had to either take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven quickly, or wisely give up on it and return to stabilize the situation, and fortify his base.


 Attacking Hei Fan grotto-heaven quickly was not feasible for Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. If he could, he would have already won by now.


 Chu Du had noticed Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s greatest weakness, thus, his tactic aimed at his weakness, it was truly brilliant and impressive.


 But unfortunately, how could simply a person’s strategy completely determine the outcome?


 At the crucial moment, an unexpected mishap occurred, a rank seven Gu Immortal from Bai Zu tribe died!


 Fang Yuan naturally knew that Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu acted to save Immortal Wang because they were after the reward. After they help Immortal Wang break free from Green City Rampage, how could Immortal Wang not thank them heavily with compensation?


 “The two of them were the last to enter Iron Eagle blessed land, their gains were unable to satisfy their appetite. This is why they wanted to earn a fortune from Immortal Wang. It was a pity, they overestimated the Bai Zu Gu Immortals, and caused this terrible outcome.” Fang Yuan shook his head and sighed.


 This way, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was sure to take revenge.


 If he did not, his reputation would go down the drain, how could a rank eight Gu Immortal be unable to protect his own people? He might as well go die in that case!


 This was more unforgivable than having Iron Eagle blessed land be completely destroyed.


 Forget about managing any super force, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would lose all of his reputation.


 “This means that, Chu Du and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s conflict is now unresolvable. And I am Chu Du’s ally, who had also joined the battle in Iron Eagle blessed land.”


 At this point, Fang Yuan was also dragged into it.


 Even though his circumstances were better than those of Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen.


 “What should I do?” Fang Yuan paced around in the secret room, thinking hard.


 He had the alliance agreement, he had no choice. His desire towards information path inheritances grew even stronger now.


 He thought about it for a while, there was a solution that was not really a solution.


 “In the worst case, I can only get Chu Du into Lang Ya Sect. Lang Ya Sect is already part of the variant human alliance, by then, we can use the immemorial rock dragon against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.”


 Thinking about this, Fang Yuan saw hope in getting Chu Du to join Lang Ya Sect.


 Originally, Domination Immortal Chu Du had the pride of being a human Gu Immortal, how could he lower his head and join a variant human force?


 “Or maybe, Chu Du still has his trump cards?” Fang Yuan thought of another possibility.


 Of course, he also had another solution, that was to leave Northern Plains directly.


 He had the sovereign immortal body anyway, he was unique, he could survive in any region. He was unlike other Gu Immortals, for example, when a Northern Plains Gu Immortal leaves Northern Plains, a foreign region’s heaven and earth qi would cause their immortal aperture to become unstable, it might even break apart, trying to undergo tribulation was courting death.


 “If I cannot fight you, I can still escape.” Fang Yuan thought. So-called reputation and pride were not obstacles in his way.


 Of course, unless he had no choice, Fang Yuan would not want to leave Northern Plains.


 Over here, he could use Lang Ya Sect’s power and live well. If he left, he could not use immortal tribulation tempering aperture. He could also not use Luo Po Valley which had already been sold to Lang Ya Sect. There were also lots of other problems as well.


 Southern Border.


 At dawn.


 Far away, the dawn sky was white like marble white.


 The fog in the mountains fused with the fragrance of the grass and trees, giving off a cooling feeling.


 Two figures were descending from the cloud layer.


 One was rank seven, the other was rank six, they resembled youngsters. They wore deep green short sleeve shirts and long black pants, they also had jade leggings.


 “Big brother, they said third supreme elder went crazy? Do you think it is true?” The rank six Gu Immortal asked.


 The rank seven Gu Immortal had a grim expression, he sighed and answered: “Ever since us righteous path forces started the super dream realm exploration, two Gu Immortals have already fallen unconscious, and one Gu Immortal’s soul was completely destroyed. Third supreme elder went crazy... I’m afraid it’s true.”


 “Ah.” The rank six Gu Immortal gasped: “Third supreme elder has such high cultivation level, he is a senior among rank sevens, already having gone through two grand tribulations, how could he go crazy?”


 The rank seven Gu Immortal shook his head: “Exploration of the dream realm has nothing to do with cultivation level. Other than bringing back third supreme elder now, we have to take over his role. Little brother, you need to be careful, he is a good example, do not succumb to the dream realm.”


 “Don’t worry big brother! Even though there is a prophecy on Great Dream Immortal Venerable, I know my limits, how could I court death?” The rank six Gu Immortal had a fearful expression.


 The two immortals spoke casually, passing by a nameless peak as they continued flying, before vanishing in the sky.


 “They went in.” Hei Lou Lan said.


 Currently, besides her, there was Ying Wu Xie, Shi Nu, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Bai Ning Bing.


 “This super Gu formation was set up by Chi Qu You, he used up a great number of Immortal Gu from the Southern Border righteous path super forces, as well as countless mortal Gu. The defense is really tight!” Shi Nu said heavily.


 With such a powerful defensive Gu formation and a large number of righteous path Gu Immortals defending it, with just the power of Ying Wu Xie and the others, they could not break through.


 Ying Wu Xie however, smiled lightly: “This Gu formation is not a problem. The dream realm is still expanding, every once in a while, the formation has to be reset, at that time, the righteous path Gu Immortals have no spare energy to care about other things, that is the time to attack. What truly obstructs us is this dream realm.”


 Saying this, he spoke more slowly as he sighed eerily: “I have lead soul into dream, but I do not have a method to unravel dreams.”


 “Fang Yuan does.” Hei Lou Lan transmitted.


 “Him?!” Ying Wu Xie’s heart shook, his gaze suddenly became very complicated.



***
Chapter 1173 - Crazed Demon Cave


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Tens of thousands of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu figures floated in the air, looking down towards Chu Du.


 The expression and attitude of the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu figures were completely different from before, all of their faces were grim and heavy.


 “Chu Du! Hand over the murderers and Hei Fan grotto-heaven, I can spare your life.”


 Tens of thousands of mouths spoke at once, the loud volume reverberated in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Chu Du stood on the ground, raising his head and looking.


 Compared to the numerous Heavenly Lord Bai Zu figures in the sky, he was all alone, seemingly lonely and weak.


 However, his body was upright and straight like a spear, his domineering aura shrouded his body, he could resist Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s imposing display without wavering.


 “Hmph! You are attacking my grotto-heaven, and you want me to surrender? So what if that Bai Zu tribesman died, this is your punishment and a price to pay for attacking me.”


 Chu Du spoke plainly, his voice was echoing in the grotto-heaven.


 The group of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu figures still wanted to speak, but Chu Du activated his immortal killer move at the next moment.


 Inner strength self detonation!


 The immortal killer move’s range covered the entirety of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Inside the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu bodies, inner strength was appearing out of nowhere, it expanded until it reached its limit.


 Next, all of the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu clones self-detonated at the same time, it was an incredible sight.


 At once, the overwhelming army was completely destroyed by Chu Du in one move.


 “Domination Immortal!” Outside the grotto-heaven, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s true body frowned as he gritted his teeth, fuming with rage.


 Not long ago, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had received a letter from his tribe, he was informed of Bai Zu Wei’s death.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was naturally very upset, and also furious.


 Bai Zu Wei was nurtured by him singlehandedly, he was like a child that he had raised.


 To think that after building the tribe, and having just having started building their foundation in Northern Plains, he died, it was truly regretful.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu quickly noticed that if this matter was not dealt with properly, it would cause a huge crisis!


 “If I do not take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven and kill the murderers, my reputation would fall drastically, people would think I am weak, Bai Zu tribe would be pushed aside.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would not allow that to happen.


 But his earlier call for surrender did not work.


 “Domination Immortal Chu Du! This person is as tough as a rock on the seashore, just waves alone cannot stop him. Then let me show him a tsunami.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had a firm expression.


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 “Lord Domination Immortal, it is my, Hao Zhen’s, greatest honor to be acquainted with you!”


 “Lord Domination Immortal, I, Chou Lao Wu, admires you and solely you alone.”


 Somehow, at some point in time, Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu were brought into Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 They were hidden underground, after Chu Du killed all of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s illusory clones, they showed themselves.


 Originally, they were worried, but Chu Du rejected Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s offer of surrender with a firm tone, their doubts were dispelled, they felt deep admiration towards him.


 “You two.” Chu Du faced them, having a sincere expression: “You both got into trouble because of me. If I submit to the threat of a rank eight Gu Immortal and abandon you, I will be letting down my title as the ‘Domination Immortal’. That is definitely not my style and demeanor as Chu Du!”


 “Lord Domination Immortal, what do we do now?” Chou Lao Wu asked.


 Chu Du smiled lightly: “Don’t worry, this Hei Fan grotto-heaven is not ordinary. Earlier, I alone was able to defend it. With the help of both of you, we have no worries.”


 Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen nodded, but the worry in their faces did not go away.


 Chu Du continued: “Of course, simply defending will eventually lead to failure, right now, we are in a passive situation. I have already sent a letter out, I am inviting friends to fight with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu once and for all!”


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu finally cheered up.


 The former said: “Lord Domination Immortal, you can firmly control the situation, we are at ease.”


 The latter added: “Fame and reputation attracts people. Relying on Hei Fan grotto-heaven to defeat a rank eight Gu Immortal is definitely an incredible achievement. If we use benefits and fame to attract them, Gu Immortals will surely come to help us.”


 Saying this, Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu looked at each other, before saying loudly to Chu Du: “We are willing to shoulder the cost of inviting help.”


 Domination Immortal laughed: “No need for that, this was my problem to begin with, how can I watch without paying a price?”


 Saying this, he held the hands of Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu, saying in a moved tone: “Fortune and disaster comes together, whether it ends up as fortune or disaster will depend on our hard work. If we can defend the grotto-heaven, I am willing to give up sixty percent of the space here to both of you. It was fate that brought us together, from today onwards, I hope that the three of us can go through thick and thin together, regardless of poverty or wealth!”


 A huge amount!


 Chu Du promised that after success, he would give sixty percent of Hei Fan grotto-heaven to Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu directly.


 At once, Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu’s eyes shined, their hearts were pounding.


 This was Hei Fan grotto-heaven, it had no calamities and tribulations.


 As long as they defended it, Chu Du would give them sixty percent, they would get thirty percent each!


 This was simply a godsent fortune.


 Hao Zhen’s body shook, he had a look of excitement: “Through thick and thin together, regardless of poverty or wealth!”


 Chou Lao Wu was so moved his eyes were red: “Meeting Domination Immortal is the greatest blessing in my life.”


 The two of them had no alternatives to begin with.


 Chu Du not only took them in, he even gave them great benefits, at once, their passions were burning!


 Bzzz bzzz bzzz....


 Waves of buzzing noises entered their ears.


 A change occurred, large numbers of distorted shadows appeared in Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s sky, some even appeared on the mountains and in water.


 Next, from these distorted shadows, figures of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu walked out one by one, there were even desolate beasts, some were ruthless two-legged beasts while others were flying with flapping wings.


 The three immortals had solemn expressions.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was an enslavement path cultivator, he could not enter Hei Fan grotto-heaven, but he could send a large number of desolate beasts in.


 No, not just desolate beasts, even ancient desolate beasts.


 There were even ancient desolate plants, their roots entered the soil as they changed the terrain into their temporary camps.


 “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is finally using his true methods!”


 “We have to take action, kill, kill, kill!”


 Chu Du called out loudly: “Good, both of you, go kill these fierce beasts. I will manage the situation, I will prevent Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body from entering the grotto-heaven.”


 If Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s true body came in, they could not compete.


 There was an enormous difference in strength between rank seven and eight.


 The reason why Chu Du could resist Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was because he was using Hei Fan grotto-heaven as a barrier!


 Lang Ya blessed land.


 Inside the cloud city’s secret room, Fang Yuan was seated as an Immortal Gu moved to his side.


 This Immortal Gu, in terms of width and length, was the size of an adult’s finger, it was silver and blue in color, shining with bright light. It was like a centipede, but instead of having multiple pairs of legs, it had soft and thin hair instead.


 This was the rank seven Immortal Gu Sword Eyebrows.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was using sword eyebrows Immortal Gu to increase his sword path dao marks.


 The secret room was dark and eerie, but sword eyebrows Immortal Gu was shining with silver light, it was flying around Fang Yuan as it drew a beautiful arc of dazzling light in the darkness.


 A while later, Fang Yuan stopped his cultivation for now.


 After the fifth earthly calamity, Fang Yuan had been using sword eyebrows Immortal Gu to increase his sword path dao marks.


 He also had fixed times for cultivation daily, going to Luo Po Valley to cultivate his soul.


 All in all, sword eyebrows Immortal Gu was quite useful, but it was a rank seven Immortal Gu, unfortunately.


 Fang Yuan was only rank six, using a rank seven Immortal Gu had a huge burden on his green grape immortal essence.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could not freely use sword eyebrows Immortal Gu. It was because his pressure from the calamities had decreased to the extent after the fifth earthly calamity, along with his good financial status in earning immortal essence stones, that he could undergo this cultivation.


 “Oh? Chu Du sent a letter.” Fang Yuan had just stored sword eyebrows Immortal Gu into his immortal aperture when he felt something, he sensed a letter Gu.


 Through treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan retrieved the letter Gu, his consciousness entered it as his expression changed.


 Chu Du had told Fang Yuan about the situation inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he also told Fang Yuan his firm attitude.


 When Chu Du wrote this letter, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had not asked him to surrender yet, and had not sent in his army of beasts, but Chu Du had anticipated it.


 In the letter, he said: “The might of a rank eight cannot be resisted. Even with the grotto-heaven’s help, the inevitable failure is only delayed.”


 “He is quite aware, I see.” Fang Yuan praised before continuing to read.


 Chu Du asked for Fang Yuan’s help in inviting reinforcements for him to resist Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. At the same time, he told Fang Yuan about his following plans.


 Inviting reinforcements to defend Hei Fan grotto-heaven so that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could not have any gains was not the important point.


 The important thing was that other forces and Gu Immortals were not happy with Bai Zu tribe. As long as Heavenly Lord Bai Zu realized that he could not continue to attack Hei Fan grotto-heaven, if he did not return to stabilize the situation, the Bai Zu tribe that he had worked so hard to create would break apart.


 That was the only way to get Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to leave.


 Lone cultivator Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not have this weakness. But after taking over Hei tribe and creating the righteous path super force, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had to defend it.


 Undoubtedly, this plan would work, it was also the only way to deal with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 Fang Yuan had thought of it earlier as well, Chu Du’s plan and his were the same.


 “Who is Chu Du asking for help? This letter shows much confidence, but he is only asking me to go to Crazed Demon Cave to ask for reinforcements. There must be some capable people.”


 Crazed Demon Cave!


 One of the ten great fierce areas in Northern Plains.


 Who was cultivating in seclusion there, who would make Chu Du think of drawing support from their power?


 Immediately, Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of curiosity.


 Because Crazed Demon Cave was different from the other fierce areas.


 If it were Tai Qiu, even though it was dangerous, it was still possible for people to cultivate there in secret. Lang Ya Sect was already doing that now.


 But Crazed Demon Cave was created by Limitless Demon Venerable singlehandedly, the cave was filled with demonic sounds, other Gu Immortals would go crazy uncontrollably, before losing all their senses. In history, even a rank eight Gu Immortal had lost their reasoning because of it and became a lunatic.



***
Chapter 1174 - Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Of course, since Chu Du was asking Fang Yuan to go and invite people from Crazed Demon Cave, he had also given Fang Yuan some methods to defend against the demonic sounds, and some information regarding the patterns, strengths and weaknesses of these sounds.


 “Regardless, I have to go.”


 Chu Du and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu were competing over Hei Fan grotto-heaven, this originated from Fang Yuan’s actions. He had benefits linked with Chu Du, he was also involved with the attack on Iron Eagle blessed land, all in all, he was deeply related to the issue.


 Fang Yuan acted quickly, immediately setting off.


 Using the super Gu formation, he teleported out of Lang Ya blessed land, heading towards Crazed Demon Cave.


 There were no issues along the way.


 More than ten days later, Fang Yuan stopped in the air, looking down.


 On the ground of flat yellow soil, there was a huge cave. The surroundings of the cave were a circular shape, spanning hundreds of kilometers. There was a thick rainforest in the cave, having both yellow and green colors. From time to time, desolate beasts growled, large numbers of featherless birds flew out, their red bodies made Fang Yuan think of pterosaurs.


 It was a scenery of wilderness.


 Fang Yuan descended, as the cave got bigger in his vision, until it eventually filled it up.


 As he went down, Fang Yuan was completely shrouded by the rainforest in the cave.


 Entering the rainforest, the humid and moist air enveloped Fang Yuan.


 The branches of the trees were thick and large, but sunlight was very intense. Vines were hanging on the tree trunks, or intertwining on them, Fang Yuan could not find a place to land at times.


 Creak creak...


 Far away, many strange monkeys with grey fur were chasing each other on the trees.


 Suddenly, a motionless ‘vine’ moved up, openings its bloodthirsty mouth as it swallowed dozens of grey monkeys into its stomach.


 In truth, this was a desolate beast tree python that had successfully hunted its prey.


 The grey monkey group was in a commotion, they called out loudly, their voices attracted the king of the monkeys, it was also a desolate beast.


 The desolate beast tree python continued to retreat, it was already full, its goal was achieved, it did not want to fight the grey monkey king.


 The grey monkeys were not insistent on revenge in nature, the monkey king saw that the tree python was leaving and did not chase it, only calling out loudly.


 But at this time, there was a sound echoing in the place.


 “Oh no, demonic sound.” Fang Yuan quickly used his Gu worms, using Chu Du’s method to defend against the demonic sound.


 Ordinary methods could not block demonic sounds.


 But Chu Du’s method worked against it with immediate effect. Fang Yuan felt like the demonic sound was gone, as if it never existed.


 The vocalizations of the monkey king and the tree python could be heard now.


 Influenced by the demonic sound, the two desolate beasts which were going to leave suddenly engaged in combat like they had gone crazy.


 This was not just an intense battle, it was a battle to the death.


 The two desolate beasts fought to the death, they were entangled, rolling around as many trees were snapped, countless living beings died.


 The monkeys around them also went crazy, not only did they attack their allies, they even self-mutilated, banging against hard rocks or digging out their own eyes with their fingers.


 The peaceful rainforest became chaotic, there was roaring everywhere, many life forms went into madness, fighting each other as dust clouds rose, an intense bloody smell was emanating.


 Fang Yuan maintained his composure and calmness.


 But the surrounding birds were all attacking him, even the ants and bees nearby were suiciding as they attacked him.


 “This is Crazed Demon Cave...” Fang Yuan sighed internally, using Gu worms to defend himself.


 He was clear-minded, he had many strong methods to survive in this crazy environment, he did not feel much pressure.


 After all, these crazy life forms were not targeting him alone, they were attacking at will, acting like maniacs.


 The demonic sound continued for a while before vanishing.


 The noisy rainforest became silent at once.


 The wild beasts that were mixing around earlier were corpses now, they had severed limbs and incomplete corpses scattered all over the rainforest. At some places, their blood formed into small rivers, nourishing the ground. Countless snapped trees obtained sufficient nutrients and rapidly grew again.


 Far away, the two desolate beasts who fought had died.


 The tree python’s thick and long body was coiled around the monkey king multiple times, while the final loop was around its neck, snapping it completely.


 But the monkey king struggled before dying, tearing apart the python’s stomach. All of the monkeys that it had eaten were freed, but they were all dead.


 The tree python was near death, as the demonic sound faded, it regained clarity, before the light in its eyes faded.


 It lost its life.


 Fang Yuan had a thought as he rushed to the battlefield, keeping these two dead desolate beasts in his own immortal aperture.


 “If I were you, I would not waste my effort. The life forms in Crazed Demon Cave, be it flying birds or land-based beasts, even Gu worms and plants have no value. The corpses of these desolate beasts cannot be sold in treasure yellow heaven, because the dao marks in their bodies are completely chaotic.” A voice could be heard.


 “Who is this?” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 Even though he had been using familiar face, and the time path killer move three breaths future vision, the latter could only let him see events related to himself three breaths later.


 ‘See’ was not ‘hear’.


 Three breaths future vision had its flaws.


 Like right now, Fang Yuan could not foresee voices.


 But soon, Fang Yuan ‘saw’ the future, a white robed Gu Immortal with a middle aged appearance came out of nowhere, he was behind and towards Fang Yuan’s right, about ten steps away.


 Fang Yuan was fully focused, but he was still looking around.


 Three breaths of time later, towards his back, at the right, a white robed Gu Immortal appeared in that very spot.


 This Gu Immortal had a pale face and black beard, he had long wide sleeves and eyes that were shining like stars, his disposition was extraordinary.


 Fang Yuan quickly turned around, looking at this foreign immortal with a nervous expression.


 The white robed Gu Immortal smiled as he said: “Don’t be afraid, friend, I am Not Immortal.”


 Fang Yuan was exposing rank six aura now, but the white robed Gu Immortal was rank seven, his aura was not concealed.


 “What?” Fang Yuan was perplexed.


 “My title is ‘Not Immortal’, I live in Crazed Demon Cave. The Gu worm that you have is the token that us Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics gave to Chu Du.” The white robed Not Immortal smiled.


 Fang Yuan realized, hearing Not Immortal’s words, there were two other people in Crazed Demon Cave. He quickly greeted: “Junior greets senior, I came here without an invitation because we need senior’s help to assist Lord Domination Immortal.”


 “Hehehe, us Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics have lived here for hundreds of years without bothering with the outside world, if Chu Du wants to join us, we will gladly welcome him. But if he wants us to leave Crazed Demon Cave, that is absolutely impossible.” Not Immortal smiled.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan had an anxious expression, but he felt nothing on the inside.


 Regardless of whether Not Immortal was saying this to elevate his own value, just Domination Immortal Chu Du alone was not someone who toyed around.


 Chu Du definitely had a close relationship with the three immortals here, he had a plan if he asked Fang Yuan to come.


 “Since Chu Du gave you the Gu worm, I suppose he has also given you many methods and the traveling route as well?” Not Immortal asked.


 “Yes.” Fang Yuan nodded.


 Not Immortal assessed Fang Yuan involuntarily, to make Chu Du entrust him like this, what capabilities did this Gu Immortal junior have?


 “In that case, follow me. Hehe, you were quite lucky, I came out here for a breather. Crazed Demon Cave is getting more dangerous in recent years, the routes are changing, follow me, if you take a wrong step, you will face the consequences yourself.” Not Immortal said as he entered the rainforest.


 Fang Yuan hesitated, before moving and following him.


 The two entered deep into the rainforest and went into a hole, arriving at the second layer.


 Crazed Demon Cave had nine layers, the second layer was an incredibly hot land of burning rocks. A large amount of rocks were piled up together, big and small, the large ones were like huge elephants, the small ones were like pebbles.


 A moment later, the two immortals arrived at the third layer.


 The third layer was covered in white fog, a large number of fog Gu were living here, along the way, Fang Yuan saw figures of large fierce beasts moving about in the fog.


 There was a very large quantity of cloud bamboo.


 It was this special bamboo, on the same scale as the rainforest in the first layer, that created the endless fog here.


 Next, Fang Yuan saw the image of a city in the fog.


 A tall city with markets and vendors, countless people were moving about rapidly, but there was no sound, it was a peculiar scene.


 “That is Fog City, the vengeful souls who died gather and form here, there is no point looking at it.” Not Immortal, who was in front, informed.


 Fang Yuan was slightly shocked, he knew about Fog City, this was the first time he saw it. Souls that could form Fog City were at least Gu Immortals, and a large number at that. With Fang Yuan’s current strength, if he entered it, he would definitely die, there was no way to escape.


 Crazed Demon Cave was one of the ten great fierce areas in Northern Plains, it was naturally very dangerous.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics including Not Immortal were living here permanently, their strength was naturally not low.


 Under Not Immortal’s lead, Fang Yuan entered deep into the cave without much danger, he got to the sixth layer.


 “Even we do not dare to enter the bottom three layers casually, it is too dangerous. Come, let me bring you to Gu Immortal Pang Shan, he has the most interaction with Chu Du, he was the one who recommended Chu Du in the first place. Chu Du knows our rules, but he still asked you to come here, he definitely has his objectives. Pang Shan should know.”


 Under Not Immortal’s lead, Fang Yuan met with Gu Immortal Pang Shan at a small valley in the sixth layer.


 A huge person!


 Pang Shan was dozens of meters tall, he was situated in the valley, he was using the valley as his chair, he was in a half lying down position.


 He made Fang Yuan think of that Leshan Giant Buddha back on Earth.


 Pang Shan opened his eyes slightly, waking up from his sleep.


 “Oh? Chu Du is asking for reinforcements... hmm, we did have an agreement before.” Pang Shan said in a deep tone, speaking very slowly.


 “As expected. What agreement?” Not Immortal stroked his beard and asked.


 “Lend him Immortal Gu and killer moves to resolve his alliance agreements.” Pang Shan replied slowly.



***
Chapter 1175 - Do Not Care


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan heard Pang Shan’s reply and felt extremely shocked.


 During this period of time, he had been looking for a way to remove his alliance agreements, but to think that it would show up in front of him like this.


 At once, Fang Yuan felt extremely complex.


 He had thought that Chu Du was here to ask for reinforcements, but to think that Chu Du’s true intention was to remove alliance agreements.


 “Chu Du had such a backup, but he had not used it yet, only activating it now, evidently, asking the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics for help has a price.”


 Crazed Demon Cave was a special place, demonic sounds often played, causing dao marks to become chaotic and all immortal materials to become useless. Because of the special environment, Gu Immortals here could not connect to treasure yellow heaven at all.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics were isolated from the world.


 And Domination Immortal Chu Du needed to guard against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s invasion, he could not leave. He was unable to act personally and leave the defense of Hei Fan grotto-heaven to others.


 Thus, even though Chu Du and Fang Yuan did not know each other for long, because of their closely linked alliance relationship, at this moment, Chu Du had to ask Fang Yuan to come, exposing the secret of Crazed Demon Cave.


 “No, Chu Du is very shrewd. He might be intentionally exposing this to me.”


 Fang Yuan had a thought flash in his mind.


 If this guess was accurate, then Fang Yuan could not clearly guess Chu Du’s intention.


 Fang Yuan was skilled at scheming, so was Chu Du, the Domination Immortal that could make the super force Liu tribe feel helpless, how could he be a simple brute?


 Immediately, Fang Yuan held his breath as he asked Pang Shan: “According to what I know, Lord Domination Immortal has many alliance agreements, they are of different sources, they are not purely information path alliance agreements, there are also other paths that could attain the result of information path.”


 Fang Yuan was spouting nonsense.


 However, Chu Du had roamed Northern Plains for so long, he had to have relationships with people, he definitely had many alliance agreements.


 Not Immortal stroked his heard and kept silent, smiling lightly.


 Pang Shan spoke slowly, but his voice was filled with confidence: “No matter what alliance agreement it is from whichever path, my method can resolve it. Because my Immortal Gu is called ‘Care’.”


 Immortal Gu Care?


 Fang Yuan did not conceal the shock inside him, it was shown all over his face.


 Care Immortal Gu, almost everyone knew about it.


 Because it was in the top ten of the List of Mystical Gu.


 In the past, it was ranked third.


 But after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan’s identity was exposed, everyone knew that he was a person from the future who had used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth.


 Thus, Spring Autumn Cicada went from seventh place to third.


 Care Immortal Gu, which was originally third, became fourth.


 The List of Mystical Gu was constantly changing.


 Of course, the top ten seldom adjusted.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was related to Red Lotus Demon Venerable, the latter was incredibly mysterious, there was little information about him in this world compared to the other venerables. As for rumors regarding Spring Autumn Cicada, not everyone held the same view. Fang Yuan’s example proved Spring Autumn Cicada’s immense value, the status of this Immortal Gu rose drastically in everyone’s minds, its ranking rose as a result.


 Most of the top ten mystical Gu were related to rank nine venerables.


 The fourth place care Gu was refined by Limitless Demon Venerable when he searched for the secluded domain of heaven and earth ‘Care’ that was recorded in >.


 Fifth place was qi escape Gu.


 Sixth place was combat relocation Gu, it originated from Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 Seventh place was connect mind Gu, it came from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 And for the number one mystical Gu, it was refined by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 According to >, chapter four, section twenty-four —


 Ren Zu wanted to save his own children, but he encountered a beastman along the way, he was affected by fear Gu.


 Fear Gu made Ren Zu fear everything, he was unable to advance due to his fears.


 Ren Zu was tormented by his fear, he was in deep agony, he consulted self Gu.


 Self Gu answered: “Then let me eat it.”


 Ren Zu waved his hand: “No, no. I want nothing more than to avoid fear. If you eat it, this fear will stay with me for life. This is too risky.”


 Ren Zu asked cognition Gu.


 Cognition Gu said: “Oh human, you want to conquer fear, you need to have courage.”


 Ren Zu was troubled: “I used to have courage Gu as my companion, it is the friend of faith Gu. But afterwards, because I encountered the hairy men, due to failure Gu, it left me.”


 Cognition Gu said: “I’ll teach you a method, hide fear Gu deep within your heart. Move forward after that and courage Gu will come to you. Courageous people are not fearless, they are just hiding fear deep within their hearts.”


 Ren Zu was more troubled now: “Oh Gu, what are you thinking? Precisely because of fear, I cannot advance, thus I need courage. But you are telling me that to obtain courage, I need to move forward first.”


 While they were talking, a Gu worm flew over.


 “Is it courage Gu?” Ren Zu was overjoyed, before feeling disappointment.


 Because this Immortal Gu was not courage Gu, it was love Gu.


 Sometimes, love comes to you on its own.


 Love Gu said: “Oh human, I can smell hope and fear from you, as love, they are my food.”


 Ren Zu was overjoyed: “You can take fear away, but hope is mine, I cannot give it to you.”


 Love Gu refused: “Only hope and fear can nourish me together, that is how I survive. Oh human, then I can only stay by your side.”


 Ren Zu did not have any good feelings towards love Gu, he was not very willing, but love Gu said: “Don’t chase me away, with me around, you can summon courage Gu.”


 Indeed, after Ren Zu called out, courage Gu flew to his side a while later.


 “Ah, this is the aura of love. Oh, and fear too.” Courage Gu landed in Ren Zu’s heart with much satisfaction.


 It was actually good friends with fear Gu, the two were playing as they flew around Ren Zu’s heart.


 Fear and courage are often within one’s grasp.


 Ren Zu had courage, his fear dissipated by a huge amount, he could move on again.


 “Oh Ren Zu, I want to thank you, you are the reason why I broke free from fear.” Before Ren Zu left, the beastman came to him.


 “I have two Gu here, one is loyalty, one is betrayal. Choose one, this will be my token of gratitude towards you.” The beastman said, taking out two Gu worms, holding one in each hand.


 Ren Zu did not know which to choose.


 Love Gu said: “Choose loyalty, you already have fear.”


 Cognition Gu said instead: “Go choose betrayal, you already have courage.”


 Ren Zu was troubled, he asked the beastman: “Can I take a look at them first?”


 The beastman said: “Of course.”


 Ren Zu thus obtained both loyalty Gu and betrayal Gu, but to think that after he took them, loyalty Gu turned into betrayal Gu, and betrayal Gu turned into loyalty Gu.


 Ren Zu was puzzled.


 The beastman explained: “Loyalty to others is betrayal to oneself, betraying others is loyalty to yourself.”


 Self Gu spoke at this time: “Oh human, choose betrayal. Since you are walking on your own road, you will need to betray others, and even betray yourself.”


 Ren Zu made up his mind, he chose betrayal Gu.


 The beastman kept loyalty Gu, before leaving, he told Ren Zu: “Oh Ren Zu, you have betrayal now, you cannot go to a place called ‘Care’. At that place, betrayal will harm you, but if you do not ‘Care’, then betrayal cannot harm you at all.”


 Ren Zu nodded: “Thank you beastman, I will remember your advice.”


 ...


 In Crazed Demon Cave.


 At Pang Shan’s will, Immortal Gu Care flew out of his immortal aperture.


 He said to Not Immortal: “Even though I have care Immortal Gu, it is not enough.”


 Not Immortal stroked his heard: “I understand!”


 He took out an Immortal Gu.


 “This is Immortal Gu ‘No’.”


 The two Immortal Gu were different in appearance, they floated towards Fang Yuan.


 Pang Shan and Not Immortal took out their respective wills, as well as their own red date immortal essence.


 “We will trouble you to bring these to Domination Immortal. By then, he will have no lingering worries, he would not be restricted by the backlashes of alliance agreements.” Not Immortal said to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was a little stunned


 Two rank seven Immortal Gu were lent out like this, they were so casual about it, was their relationship with Chu Du really that close, or were they influenced by Crazed Demon Cave?


 Two wills carrying Immortal Gu and immortal essence entered Fang Yuan’s sleeves.


 Fang Yuan said goodbye as he asked before leaving: “May I ask both seniors, if I want to borrow these Immortal Gu in the future, what should I do?”


 Pang Shan did not speak, he opened his eyes slightly before shutting them, falling into deep sleep again.


 Not Immortal smiled and did not speak.


 Fang Yuan sighed internally, he turned around and left.


 Not Immortal did not send him off.


 But Fang Yuan had already memorized the route, he managed to move along the route without any danger.



***
Chapter 1176 - Crazed Demon Agreement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The route to leave Crazed Demon Cave was much shorter than going in.


 Some days later, Fang Yuan arrived in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 “To think that Chu Du also has a super Gu formation, and has even set it up to transport Gu Immortals in and out of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.” Fang Yuan felt admiration towards Chu Du’s foresight and preparation.


 This was his backup.


 As long as he set up a teleportation Gu formation in the outside world that was not discovered, Chu Du and the others would not be trapped in Hei Fan grotto-heaven by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 This showed that even though Chu Du resisted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and had a strong attitude, he was not just being rash and reckless.


 “Brother Liu, you have arrived.” Chu Du was already standing outside the formation, waiting for Fang Yuan.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, he showed joy on his face.


 Fang Yuan sighed: “Fate toys with people, if there were no mishaps, Hei Fan grotto-heaven would have already become a peaceful paradise.”


 Fang Yuan looked around, only to see that Hei Fan grotto-heaven had rising smoke and flames, beast growls could be heard, there were large pits on the ground, fierce battles were happening far away.


 Chu Du introduced at an appropriate timing: “Hei Fan grotto-heaven has huge space, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is continuously sending in desolate beasts to invade, but I have already invited several experts, they are staying guard at different locations, while I am here to prevent Heavenly Lord Bai Zu from coming in personally.”


 Fang Yuan had a solemn expression, his gaze held deep meaning: “Brother Chu, you have heavy responsibilities, I did not disappoint you, I brought what you need.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan waved his sleeves as two wills flew out from them.


 The wills flew to the air and turned into the figures of Not Immortal and Pang Shan, from the outside, one could vaguely see the immortal essence and Immortal Gu that they were carrying.


 Fang Yuan did not keep these two wills in his own immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture could not be exposed.


 In this current situation, the wills of Not Immortal and Pang Shan could not be targeted.


 Along the way, Fang Yuan had thought of harming these two wills and taking those extremely precious Immortal Gu for himself.


 But this was very unlikely.


 The main reason was that Fang Yuan had an alliance agreement, once he attacked, it would activate, he would die from the backlash.


 Secondly, these two Immortal Gu were not easy to snatch, because the Gu Immortal’s will was not just carrying the Immortal Gu, the Immortal Gu itself inside it was filled with will. With just a thought, these two Immortal Gu would self-detonate.


 “Thank you.” Chu Du said as he kept Pang Shan’s will in his immortal aperture directly.


 This small detail was noticed by Fang Yuan, he noted it internally.


 The immortal aperture was the basis of a Gu Immortal, it was the most reliable source of resources, one would not expose it to outsiders normally. Chu Du seemed to greatly trust Pang Shan.


 Chu Du said to Not Immortal’s will: “Not Immortal, you can stay with this ally of mine.”


 Not Immortal stroked his beard, smiling at Fang Yuan: “My main body guessed correctly, you really chose this person.”


 “What do you mean?” Fang Yuan asked, he was filled with questions and suspicions on this trip to Crazed Demon Cave.


 Chu Du explained: “I will summarize it. Crazed Demon Cave is one of the ten great fierce areas in Northern Plains on the surface, but it was actually specially created by Limitless Demon Venerable in his later years, to pursue the secrets of eternal life.”


 “Limitless Demon Venerable refined the legendary derivation Gu, he hid inside Crazed Demon Cave and did experiments and Gu refinements on it, hoping to reach a breakthrough.”


 Limitless Demon Venerable!


 Eternal life!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly: “Did Limitless Demon Venerable succeed?”


 Not Immortal’s will shook his head: “We are unclear on that. Limitless Demon Venerable’s whereabouts are not listed clearly in historical records. The conclusion is, he went missing mysteriously, whether he succeeded or failed, we do not know.”


 “However.” Not Immortal’s will said: “What Chu Du said is true. Crazed Demon Cave was indeed where Limitless Demon Venerable stayed in his later years, derivation Gu is currently at the deepest layer of Crazed Demon Cave. Around derivation Gu, there is a huge super Gu formation set up.”


 “Derivation Gu...” Fang Yuan muttered.


 This Gu was extremely famous, not just Gu Immortals, even almost all Gu Masters knew about it.


 The reason was that it was inside >.


 Towards the end of >, after the seven heavens broke, Ren Zu’s ten children died one by one, and Ren Zu was about to die of old age. But at the end, Ren Zu gathered the corpses of his ten children and sacrificed himself, all entering the stomach of derivation Gu. Derivation Gu’s stomach burst, exploding as the light of life spread across the land, creating the first batch of mortals. These mortals did not have Ren Zu or the ten children’s aptitude, but they could cultivate after awakening their aperture.


 Humanity thus grew and developed, forming today’s size. During this process, ten rank nine venerables were born, each of them led their own era and left deep marks on the world.


 Eventually, today’s situation in the five regions was formed.


 “Limitless Demon Venerable actually obtained derivation Gu, was he trying to imitate Ren Zu, and create the human race again?” Fang Yuan sighed in shock as he asked.


 “That’s not the case.” Not Immortal answered: “Ren Zu created humanity, it is an unparalleled method of human path. Limitless Demon Venerable, however, cultivated rule path, he wanted to use derivation Gu to derive new dao marks, eventually using these dao marks as clues to reach eternal life.”


 “Using derivation Gu to derive dao marks?” Fang Yuan was shocked.


 Chu Du nodded: “Even though this is the estimation of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics, Crazed Demon Cave has physical proof of it. The demonic sounds inside Crazed Demon Cave were the result of Limitless Demon Venerable’s super Gu formation. His motive was not to make all the living beings go crazy, that was only the side effect, his true motive was to cause changes in the dao marks in their bodies, to create brand new dao marks.”


 “So that’s it!” Fang Yuan’s mind shook, he thought about it and asked: “Does that really work?”


 Not Immortal followed up: “The deeper you go into Crazed Demon Cave, the stronger the demonic sounds. Among chaotic dao marks, new dao marks do indeed form. But these new dao marks will be transferred to the deepest layer due to the super Gu formation, us Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics want to get through these obstacles of dao marks and enter the core of the super Gu formation, to control derivation Gu and make this super Gu formation work for us!”


 “Precisely as a result, the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics need my strength.” Chu Du said.


 Fang Yuan realized at once, he had a guess.


 As expected, Chu Du’s following words affirmed his guess.


 “At the lowest layer, all sorts of dao marks of all paths are present. The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics have their own specialties, but their strength path attainment is below mine. Thus, they invited me, wanting to use my understanding towards strength path and methods to resolve their obstacles in terms of strength path dao marks.”


 Not Immortal’s will sighed: “It is not about helping us Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics, it is about helping yourselves. We, the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics have been in Crazed Demon Cave for hundreds of years. Even though we are making progress, it is not evident. The secret of eternal life, it is not something the three of us can obtain with just our power. We need you, and you need us, only by working together can we obtained the fruits of Limitless Demon Venerable’s labor.”


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics went through hundreds of years without much progress, they could only recruit new people to help.


 Chu Du was their target.


 And Chu Du thought that Fang Yuan was suitable, because of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, Chu Du felt that he was going to sustain his cooperation with Fang Yuan for a long time, they had to obtain deeper connections.


 Thus, he gave the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics’ token to Fang Yuan and asked him to find them.


 Among the three eccentrics, Not Immortal and Pang Shan saw Chu Du’s intent, thus they were very warm to Fang Yuan.


 “Chu Du, you are a strength path great expert, right now in Northern Plains, no, in the five regions, you are an authoritative figure of strength path. It is not strange that you were chosen by the three seniors of Crazed Demon Cave, but what abilities do I have to be chosen?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Chu Du laughed loudly: “Brother Liu, don’t be so humble. You are a transformation path rank seven Gu Immortal, you can disguise as a rank six without showing any flaws. I saw your tribulation, even though I only took a look, the power of the calamity was immense, it shows your deep foundation. Looking over the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, in terms of transformation path achievement, hardly anyone can compete with you.”


 “What? He is a rank seven Gu Immortal?” Hearing Chu Du’s words, even Not Immortal’s will was shocked.


 He assessed Fang Yuan again: “Impressive! His transformation path foundation is truly deep, be it my main body or Pang Shan’s main body, we could not tell.”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 This was mainly due to his immortal killer move familiar face.


 Of course, there was also the impression left on Chu Du by the calamities.


 Familiar face was indeed a transformation path immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan knew: even though his transformation path attainment level was not low, his foundation was superficial. He was relying on familiar face to make others misunderstand him.


 But this misunderstanding was quite good.


 Fang Yuan thus used familiar face to raise his aura from rank six to rank seven.


 Not Immortal felt Fang Yuan’s aura change and stared with wide opened eyes, completely shocked.


 “I was not intending to deceive you, but I was going into a dangerous place, I had to conceal myself for survival, I hope you will not blame me.” Fang Yuan apologized to Not Immortal’s will, speaking politely and having a sincere tone.


 Not Immortal’s will quickly waved his hand: “I have learned much. Indeed, Domination Immortal has good foresight.”


 His attitude had changed drastically.


 Interaction between Gu Immortals mostly depended on strength.


 Chu Du was solemn: “Brother Liu, are you willing to join us in the search for the secret of eternal life, Limitless Demon Venerable’s achievement in his later years?”


 “Of course I am willing.” Fang Yuan was similarly solemn.


 Not Immortal’s will stroked his beard: “Then after this battle, can Brother Liu go to Crazed Demon Cave, we will set the Crazed Demon Agreement!”


 “Alright.” Fang Yuan replied curtly.


 “Next, Not Immortal can follow Brother Liu.” Chu Du arranged.


 This arrangement was very sincere!


 If Chu Du kept Not Immortal and Pang Shan’s will, he would have both Immortal Gu ‘No’ and ‘Care’. He would be able to break his agreement without facing backlash.


 But if he separated both Immortal Gu, ‘no’ Immortal Gu would be in Fang Yuan’s hand, while care Immortal Gu would be with Chu Du, not only can it dispel Fang Yuan’s suspicions, it would also let Fang Yuan feel the sincerity of Chu Du and the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics.


 However, Fang Yuan waved his hand, saying something overbearing: “If both of you can trust me, I will keep ‘no’ Immortal Gu. Not Immortal’s will and immortal essence can be kept by brother Chu.”


 Not Immortal’s will was dazed before stroking his beard.


 Chu Du laughed: “Brother Liu, oh, you are seriously vigilant. Alright, we will go with that.”



***
Chapter 1177 - Contest Over Hei Fan Grotto-heaven (1\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Several days later, Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Stiff horse hooves stomped on the ground, a black desolate beast horse was charging towards Fang Yuan while running like the wind.


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 He could have dodged, but a trench was behind him, inside the trench, there were the multicolored guts that Chu Du had placed before.


 After placing these multicolored guts, they needed to absorb enough earth qi and nutrients before they could be relocated again. If they were forcefully moved, they would be destroyed.


 Thus, a lot of the resources in Hei Fan grotto-heaven were moved back into his own immortal aperture by Chu Du. But some of the resources like the multicolored guts could not be taken away in the short term.


 Ever since Fang Yuan brought the two Immortal Gu to Chu Du, he was asked to defend this place, to protect the multicolored guts from harm.


 Of course, his services were not free.


 Chu Du had already promised Fang Yuan that in the end, he would give half of the multicolored guts that were left to Fang Yuan, as payment.


 Flying bear transformation!


 Fang Yuan’s body shined with dazzling light.


 After the light faded, he turned into a huge white bear, using his firm chest to block the charge of the desolate beast horse.


 Flying bear Fang Yuan took five to six steps back, almost falling to the ground.


 But the desolate beast horse went to a standstill, shaking its head as it felt dizzy.


 “Nice strength.” Fang Yuan said, the pain in his chest made him grind his teeth, but the words he said turned into the growling of the bear.


 Flying bear Fang Yuan breathed roughly for a few seconds, seeing that the desolate beast horse was still dizzy, he pounced at it.


 Boom!


 Dust clouds rose, the surrounding scenery shook.


 Flying bear Fang Yuan slammed the desolate beast horse to the ground, raising his huge bear paws as he struck at the horse.


 The horse was crying out in pain, struggling under Fang Yuan’s body.


 It had great strength, but Fang Yuan was unmoved, he suppressed the horse firmly.


 “Thankfully, I added flying bear strength Gu into my flying bear transformation killer move, I have the strength of an actual flying bear. Otherwise, I would not be able to suppress this desolate beast horse.”


 Fang Yuan felt secretly glad as he acted more quickly.


 In a while, the desolate beast horse had saliva foaming out from its mouth, its eyes rolled backwards as it fainted.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, deactivating the killer move as he turned back to human. He next opened his immortal aperture, storing the desolate beast horse into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 “This is the third desolate beast.” Fang Yuan thought to himself, having a distracted gaze.


 He was at the rear. Dao marks were more abundant here, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would not choose to send his desolate beasts here, it was difficult for them to reach this place and not worth it.


 After Fang Yuan learned about the secret of Crazed Demon Cave, he expressed his willingness to join in, he and Chu Du’s relationship progressed further.


 In order to defend his benefits, Chu Du sent Fang Yuan here to guard the place.


 Even though the battle was intense, Fang Yuan had an easy time.


 These last few days, the desolate beasts that had gone past the front lines numbered to three, two desolate beast horses and one desolate beast shark fin wolf.


 Fang Yuan treated them as his practice partners for transformation path.


 He killed the first two, he only captured the desolate beast horse from earlier.


 “The desolate beast horse earlier had no shadow, it should be the famous shadowless horse of Northern Plains.”


 The shadowless horse had no shadow. This was an obvious trait, even though Fang Yuan had not seen this desolate beast before, he could recognize it.


 Even though the shadowless horse was a desolate beast, it was quite a rare one.


 It was not commonly sold in treasure yellow heaven.


 Mainly because shadowless horses were low in numbers to begin with.


 This shadowless horse was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s desolate beast, after Fang Yuan kept it into his immortal aperture, he immediately used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to inspect it.


 Indeed, Fang Yuan realized that on the shadowless horse’s body, other than dark path and light path dao marks, there were also many enslavement path dao marks.


 After several attempts, Fang Yuan realized he could not get rid of these enslavement path dao marks, thus, he gave up and killed the shadowless horse.


 This shadowless horse was enslaved by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, placing it in his immortal aperture would only cause it to destroy the environment.


 He might as well kill the shadowless horse and sell the horse bones and flesh in treasure yellow heaven for some profits.


 A living shadowless horse had greater value, but it was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s property, others could not enslave it.


 Other Gu Immortals were not idiots, they would not buy this problematic horse.


 Furthermore, selling this shadowless horse openly would naturally be discovered by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he might use his relationships to buy this horse indirectly.


 Not only would he gain the attention of a rank eight Gu Immortal, he would also be strengthening his enemy. Thus, Fang Yuan killed it.


 After cutting up this shadowless horse and processing it, Fang Yuan put up a portion of it into treasure yellow heaven for sale.


 He realized that these last few days, the two desolate beast corpses that he tossed into treasure yellow heaven had almost no popularity.


 These two desolate beast corpses were taken out from Crazed Demon Cave, the monkey king corpse and tree python corpse.


 Before selling them, Fang Yuan had used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to inspect them.


 He realized that the monkey king and tree python corpses had all sorts of dao marks. Normally speaking, desolate beasts would only have dao marks of one specific path.


 Obviously, the demonic sounds in Crazed Demon Cave had caused this situation.


 The demonic sounds were created by Limitless Demon Venerable’s super Gu formation, it could make the listener go berserk, while also transforming their body’s dao marks into all sorts of strange dao marks.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he retrieved these two desolate beast corpses and placed them back into his sovereign immortal aperture.


 The longer he placed them in treasure yellow heaven, the more fees he would incur, it was not worth the price.


 Other than these desolate beast corpses, Fang Yuan also brought back large numbers of mortal Gu. Among which, day Gu, month Gu, and year Gu were the highest in number. Other than those, there were Gu worms of other varieties.


 Ever since Fang Yuan obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, he had been purchasing these mortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven. When he used a time path immortal killer move, it expended a lot of them.


 Other than day, month, and year mortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s greatest need in terms of mortal Gu was self will Gu.


 But self will Gu was very rare, Fang Yuan mainly asked the hairy man Gu Masters in Lang Ya Sect to refine them, expending his sect contribution points.


 Fang Yuan had been asking in treasure yellow heaven if anyone was selling heavenly crystals.


 Up until now, he had only found two.


 One was a rank eight Gu Immortal, they wanted to trade with materials, but Fang Yuan did not have what they wanted.


 The other was rank six, due to a fortuitous encounter, they obtained half a piece of heavenly crystal, they wanted to sell it since they did not need it.


 Fang Yuan wanted to buy it, but a Gu Immortal who wanted heavenly crystals even more appeared, buying it with three times the usual price.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and gave up. Even though he had a lot of resources, the fifth earthly calamity was coming at that time. It was not worth it for that tiny heavenly crystal.


 “Oh?” At this time, Fang Yuan suddenly received Chu Du’s message, he asked him to reinforce Li Si Chun, the situation over there was very dangerous, he needed backup.


 These last few days, this was the first message that Fang Yuan received.


 He immediately went to the battlefield.


 There, Li Si Chun and Immortal Wang were already in a tough battle.


 A group of desolate beast wolves were encircling them, they were huge in numbers, there were a hundred of them.


 But Fang Yuan was not surprised.


 He had obtained much intel from Chu Du.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had an immortal killer move, it could create clones of desolate beasts to form a clone army.


 There would only be one actual desolate beast, but if it could not be found, these clones would quickly replenish themselves endlessly.


 Each desolate beast had one figure of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu seated on them, they were clones as well.


 “Then, which one is the main body?” Fang Yuan frowned, at the next moment, he used myriad self.


 Countless strength path phantoms filled the sky as they charged at the wolf group.


 “It’s Liu Guan Yi!” Li Si Chun sensed as he cried out in joy.


 Immortal Wang snorted coldly, last time, Fang Yuan made him bait, his impression regarding Fang Yuan was at rock bottom. Right now, even though Fang Yuan was here to help, he was not grateful.


 The myriad self army and the wolf group tangled together.


 Two breaths of time later, the myriad self army broke apart, they were almost completely killed by the wolf group.


 Matched against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s cloning killer move, Fang Yuan’s myriad self really paled in comparison.


 Myriad self had huge potential, it was an immortal killer move combining strength path and enslavement path, but as his opponents got stronger, its usefulness was falling drastically.


 In the past, the myriad self army could fight. But now, it had become Fang Yuan’s method of concealing his true body.


 Even though they had quantity, they lacked quality and battle strength.


 Myriad self giant hand!


 Only after Fang Yuan used myriad self first style was there a change in the situation.


 Against the strength path giant hand, the desolate beast wolves could barely resist.


 Snowy Mountain blessed land, first peak.


 The refinement path Gu formation was activated, shining lights were enveloping the peak of the mountain, like a miniature sun.


 “Third time.” Lady Wan Shou breathed in deeply, she was holding onto a condensed lightning ball as she got closer to Ma Hong Yun who was in the formation.


 Ma Hong Yun shouted: “No! No! Let me off! I am going to die, I will die!”


 The lightning ball entered his chest.


 Clap clap clap.


 Countless sparks appeared on his body, Ma Hong Yun’s eyes were turning as the whites were exposed, he no longer leaked out saliva, but blood instead.


 He fainted again, after a while, the lightning vanished.


 “I failed again.” Lady Wan Shou’s vision turned dark, an intense dizziness almost made her collapse to the ground.


 She forced herself to continue, disregarding her injuries and healing Ma Hong Yun instead.


 Ma Hong Yun had to be alive for the lightning refinement to work.


 “Hmm? This guy’s cultivation level actually rose by one rank.” During the process of healing, Lady Wan Shou discovered an anomaly.


 “Is it because of the lightning refinement? Indeed, some relic Gu were used, it can raise the Gu Master’s cultivation level.”


 “Dear, are you alright?” Old Ancestor Xue Hu arrived at this time.


 “No need to worry.” Lady Wan Shou was still pale, but she smiled to Old Ancestor Xue Hu: “I just need to rest for a while to recover.”



***
Chapter 1178 - Contest Over Hei Fan Grotto-heaven (2\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 The desolate beast wolf group that numbered to a hundred was charging towards them.


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu stood side by side, having solemn expressions.


 They looked at each other before using their strongest technique again, immortal killer move —— Wind Thunder Roar!


 Bam...


 The wind and lightning pillar swept the battlefield, at once, the earth shook, the sky trembled, few desolate beast wolves were left, they had suffered immense damage.


 Fang Yuan and the others were right beside Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu, their expressions changed.


 Every time they saw wind thunder roar, they felt their hearts shaking, such battle strength was truly at the peak of rank seven. Those desolate beast wolves were mostly clones, even weaker than their true bodies, they could not withstand wind thunder roar.


 Even two true bodies died. The final one had been lucky enough to survive this wind thunder roar because it was at the back of the group.


 “Kill it, we cannot let this true body escape. Otherwise, in a few hours, it will have another group of clones protecting it again!” Gu Immortal Wei Ming shouted, pouncing at it.


 This Gu Immortal’s eyes were shut, he was a blind man. He had rank seven cultivation level and incredible battle strength. He became blind on purpose as he pursued battle strength.


 “Be careful, there is a fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf!” At the next moment, Immortal Wang shouted frantically.


 Wei Ming’s body froze, at that moment, a fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf appeared out of nowhere, its sharp fangs were about to bite Wei Ming.


 Wei Ming snorted coldly, his body retreated backwards towards the left like an illusory shadow.


 The fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf bit, but it missed by an inch, its sharp teeth did not land on Wei Ming.


 Wei Ming broke out in cold sweat, suddenly saying: “Oh no!”


 At the next moment, the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf opened its mouth as a lump of green wind shot towards Wei Ming like a plasma cannon.


 Wei Ming’s defenses lasted for a short while before they were torn apart, his entire body was shredded into countless pieces of flesh.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone stood arrogantly on the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s head, he had a cold expression as Immortal Gu aura emanated from him.


 “You ran away quickly, but next time, you will not be so lucky.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said coldly.


 “So close, so close, thankfully, I used my body replacement killer move!” The real Wei Ming showed himself, he had managed to escape.


 “This happened again.” The immortals’ gazes focused on Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, they had heavy hearts.


 The fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was an ancient desolate beast, it had rank seven battle strength. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone could use Immortal Gu, coordinating with the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf. He would observe the situation and use the Immortal Gu at appropriate times, because of that, their combined battle strength was many times higher!


 At the start, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was sending large numbers of desolate beasts to invade Hei Fan grotto-heaven. But now, he gained a deeper understanding of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he could use desolate beasts and clones to create battle opportunities, to even send in ancient desolate beasts.


 Every ancient desolate beast was accompanied by a clone of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. This combination had appeared many times already, it was gradually changing the battle situation.


 Immortal Wang immediately turned into the falling star hound, saying human words: “Brother Hao and Brother Chou, quickly retreat. This fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf has hidden itself, it probably is attempting to target you two.”


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu had pale faces, they were very weak.


 Wind thunder roar was powerful, but using this move had a huge price.


 For the following period of time, Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen would have reduced battle strength, their usefulness would fall drastically.


 This contest over Hei Fan grotto-heaven had been ongoing for days. Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu’s wind thunder roar was a powerful tool, especially useful against desolate beast groups.


 All the Gu Immortals agreed on this.


 Thus, for the eventual victory, the Gu Immortals were intentionally protecting the lives of Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu.


 Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen also understood this, they immediately retreated.


 “I will escort you.” Li Si Chun flew to them.


 Fang Yuan, Immortal Wang, and Wei Ming were left.


 “Quickly settle this ancient desolate beast, about three thousand li away, another ancient desolate beast has appeared.” At this time, Chu Du sent them a message.


 “I will block it from the front, the two of you find a chance to kill it!” Immortal Wang howled, turning into the falling star hound to face the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


 Fang Yuan and Wei Ming cooperated, one flew into the sky while the other went to the back, attacking at the same time.


 An intense battle ensued.


 Immortal Wang was temporarily matched against it, Fang Yuan found a chance and flying sword Immortal Gu flew over.


 Ding!


 With a loud sound, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone used his Immortal Gu and blocked it.


 “Use an immortal killer move, what can an Immortal Gu do on its own? Woof!” When Immortal Wang felt anxious, he would subconsciously bark like a dog.


 “What do you know?” Fang Yuan sneered in disdain.


 At the next moment, Wei Ming attacked, a light path immortal killer move destroyed Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone.


 It turned out, Fang Yuan had attacked on purpose to draw the attention of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone, so that Wei Ming could find a chance to attack.


 As they continued to fight, the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven started to develop some coordination.


 “They are just clones, they have limited intelligence. But this type of Immortal Gu usage is truly incredible!” Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 He had already felt this many times.


 Destroying the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu clone did not destroy the Immortal Gu. It seemed like the Immortal Gu was also a clone that was with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone.


 It was unknown how Heavenly Lord Bai Zu managed to do that.


 Thus, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s strength was only slightly weakened, he did not suffer much losses.


 Next, the three immortals attacked the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


 This ancient desolate beast was covered with dao marks, it had incredible defense. Fang Yuan used flying sword Immortal Gu but could only puncture its skin and fur. After piercing deeply into its flesh, it could not move anymore. Even the immortal killer move sword mark targeting death was inefficient, a lot of its power was negated by the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s dao marks.


 Thankfully, without the help of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone, the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf’s intelligence alone could not match the three immortals.


 During this period, many distorted shadows had appeared in the sky, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was attempting to send in more clones to help the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


 But Fang Yuan and the rest discovered them in time and attacked, preventing the Heavenly Lord clones from reaching the fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf.


 Minutes later, this fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf was killed and cut into pieces by Fang Yuan and the rest, they split up the flesh into three portions evenly among themselves.


 The death of an ancient desolate beast was quite a loss to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 But in this situation, in order to take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he had to continue!


 Fang Yuan and the others had severe losses too, especially Fang Yuan, his green grape immortal essence expenditure was huge.


 “We have been fighting a lot these last days, if this continues, my green grape immortal essence will be used up.” Fang Yuan showed no expression, but he was getting anxious internally.


 The other Gu Immortals were rank seven, they used red date immortal essence to activate rank seven Immortal Gu, it was fitting.


 But Fang Yuan used green grape immortal essence, it was very hard and inefficient.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had good finances, he sold desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses from time to time, sustaining his expenditure.


 After killing this fragrant sorcerer yin statue wolf, the three immortals went to the next battlefield, they had no time to rest.


 The situation was getting worse.


 Some days ago, Fang Yuan could still hide inside the trench and guard the multicolored guts.


 But recently, he had to go around helping out the others.


 Right now, he was like a firefighter, he could not rest, he had to travel and help out the different battlefields.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body was blocked by Chu Du, but he had incredible methods, he continued to send in ancient desolate beasts and desolate beasts, it caused the situation in Hei Fan grotto-heaven to tilt in his favor.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan and the rest arrived.


 It was a heavenly dragon, it had seven claws and a terrifying dragon head, it was an ancient desolate beast.


 Someone was already fighting the heavenly dragon, in order to defend Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Chu Du spent a lot of funds getting more Gu Immortal experts to help him, other than Immortal Wang’s group.


 This female Gu Immortal, Sang Qing Qu, was one of them.


 Her path was very special, it was actually theft path!


 This was the path created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, there were few inheritances regarding it.


 Sang Qing Qu was at a disadvantage, she was unable to hold much longer, even though she had stolen a lot of mortal Gu from the heavenly dragon’s body, it had little effect on the enemy.


 Fang Yuan and the rest quickly went to help, attacking the ancient desolate beast heavenly dragon.


 This time, they were not as lucky as last time.


 After spending a lot of effort, the immortals finally killed Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone.


 Killing the heavenly dragon took multiple times as long as the last beast, because the heavenly dragon could fly and was very fast, it was not easy to hunt.


 After killing this heavenly dragon, Fang Yuan’s mood became grimmer.


 In the battle, his immortal essence expenditure was several times that of before. Currently, his usage was greatly exceeding his gain in immortal essence stones. At this rate, in a few days, he would be out of immortal essence.


 The Gu Immortals gathered together and split the heavenly dragon corpse, when Chu Du spoke: “Quick! The battle earlier was a decoy by Heavenly Lord, he has already planted a field of desolate plant snow willows here, we have to get rid of them, once Heavenly Lord gets a foothold in here, the consequences will be severe.”


 Fang Yuan and the rest noticed how dangerous the situation was, they did not dare to wait, they acted immediately.


 A moment later, they arrived at the scene, the situation was far more severe than they had expected.


 Not only was there a field of desolate plant snow willows, there were a hundred ice spike divine apes to guard them. Snow willows had an abundance of snow path dao marks, the ice spike divine ape was also ice path, the two complemented each other, and countless Heavenly Lord clones were moving around the snow willow forest, setting up Gu formations.


 “We have to destroy this camp, the longer we drag on, the greater his advantage.” Chu Du said: “If there is no other way, I will act myself!”


 “You should stay there and defend against Heavenly Lord. If his main body comes in, we are all finished.” Hao Zhen quickly responded.


 He and Chou Lao Wu had also arrived, even though he had not recovered, the situation was dire, they had to risk their lives.


 At the next moment, six Gu Immortals split up and charged towards the snow willow forest, engaging in an intense battle!



***
Chapter 1179 - Contest Over Hei Fan Grotto-heaven (3\/3)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Huff, huff, huff...”


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, breathing roughly as he looked at the battlefield.


 An intense battle had ended.


 The battlefield was completely deformed, there were many pits with mangled corpses of ice spike divine apes inside, flames that were created with fire path killer moves were still burning quietly. There was frost mixed with blood, snapped bones and flesh, as well as leaves from the desolate plant snow willows.


 The Gu Immortals were either injured or dead.


 They were all injured, but the one that died was the theft path female Gu Immortal.


 She had not been killed by the heavenly dragon, but was killed by the cooperation of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clones when she rushed to assist in the battle, losing her life.


 Fang Yuan was also injured.


 His left lung was punctured by an ice spike, an icicle with the size of a javelin was still stabbed into his chest.


 His lower limbs were covered in a thick layer of frost, much of his flesh had already gone necrotic.


 The sovereign immortal body had a huge advantage, that was the non-conflicting dao marks. But this was also a major flaw. Once Fang Yuan was hit by an attack that penetrated his defenses, he would take the damage fully, the attacks would not be weakened by the dao marks in his body.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan learned deeply about the weak point of the sovereign immortal body due to this trait.


 “My defensive killer move is still too weak.”


 “Blood asset Immortal Gu is still recovering, I cannot use bloodstained conqueror’s robe. My time path defensive methods are not exemplary either.”


 Even though Fang Yuan obtained Hei Fan’s true inheritance, the true core Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water, was sealed. This Immortal Gu had a huge flaw, once its aura was leaked, it would draw immemorial year beasts to it.


 Once something of rank eight battle strength entered Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, he would definitely lose, he would only be able to leave his body as a soul and give up on the sovereign immortal body.


 Hei Fan’s true inheritance had very outstanding defensive methods, but they used Years Flow Like Water as the core.


 Fang Yuan’s current defensive killer move used year Gu, the effect was weaker. It was what Hei Fan used in his earlier days. When he reached rank seven, he stopped using it.


 “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is an enslavement path rank eight indeed, truly formidable!”


 “Even though he is outside the grotto-heaven, and only using his clones to battle, he can still fight to this extent, I am truly inferior.”


 “And the distortion of space to send desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts into the grotto-heaven, it is truly extraordinary!”


 In this battle, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sent in a hundred ice spike divine apes and a large number of desolate plant snow willows. During the process of fighting, distorted shadows appeared constantly, even though the Gu Immortals desperately tried to block them, two icefall divine apes still managed to get in.


 Ice spike divine ape.


 Icefall divine ape.


 The two were closely related.


 The former was a desolate beast, it had jade green eyes with frosty azure pupils, the hairs on its body were like icicles all over it. The latter was an ancient desolate beast, its body was like snow, its eyes were bloodshot, its fur was like icicles stabbing towards the sky.


 Fang Yuan was familiar with the ice spike divine ape, long ago, Lang Ya blessed land had one.


 Later, Fang Yuan borrowed it to defend Hu Immortal blessed land, he defended against a wave of attacks from Immortal Crane Sect.


 After that, the ice spike divine ape died during the battle to defend Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan had also fought against the icefall divine ape.


 That was during Hei Lou Lan’s immortal ascension, the tribulation in the northern icy plain, because of Reckless Savage’s true meaning, it turned into the divine ape.


 “Right now it seems, the icefall divine ape created from the tribulation cannot match a real divine ape in battle strength.”


 “Actually, if these desolate beasts and desolate plants are all there is to it, it is not difficult to deal with even though it is troublesome. Most importantly, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clones are manipulating and controlling them, that makes a completely different story.”


 “Especially the desolate beasts and desolate plants, they form into troops and move as one. They have incredible battle strength when enslavement path killer moves are used, it is very shocking.”


 Fang Yuan recalled the entire battle, he could see how powerful a rank eight Gu Immortal was.


 Even though his main body did not enter the battlefield, by just directing the battle in the grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan was not his match.


 They were able to win in battle because all of the immortals gathered their strength.


 “Such a miserable battle, if we were to fight a few more of those, my green grape immortal essence would be completely dried up.”


 “Year Gu has fallen in terms of years, I need to parallel refine it.”


 “Healing my injuries also consumed a lot of time and immortal essence.”


 Fang Yuan could not bear such expenditure.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s losses were more severe than Fang Yuan’s.


 Fighting up to this point, Chu Du’s side had been relying on Hei Fan grotto-heaven, dragging on this battle into a deadlock, the two sides were truly in a battle of attrition.


 The Gu Immortals expended their immortal essence, while Heavenly Lord Bai Zu expended the foundation in the grotto-heaven. Both sides could not back down, they were trying to see which would be unable to continue first.


 The following battles became more intense.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s attempts might have failed, but there was an effect.


 He had attempted to create temporary bases in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, after he stabilized a foothold, he sent in ancient desolate beasts, causing Chu Du’s side to have much difficulty in defending.


 Looking at the entire battle in Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had initially sent clones to attack the different resource points and target Chu Du’s foundation. He succeeded.


 Next, he sent in large numbers of desolate beasts and caused the battle to tilt in his favor.


 Now, he changed his battle tactics, he built temporary bases and forced the Gu Immortals to attack him instead.


 Even though Chu Du, Fang Yuan and the rest had the advantage in numbers, and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was just alone, he controlled the entire situation, suppressing Chu Du, Fang Yuan and the rest.


 Even though Fang Yuan and the others resisted strongly, they could not stop the situation from tilting in Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s favor.


 Both sides were persisting.


 But Fang Yuan was the first to lose in attrition.


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal on the surface, but in truth, he had been using green grape immortal essence the entire time.


 Chu Du’s expression was quite ugly.


 Especially when he was alone with Fang Yuan, he put away his front and showed an expression of worry.


 He said to Fang Yuan: “I have already recruited all the people I could possible rope in.”


 “But this battle’s eventual winner will be Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. Even though we did not fight against his main body, we are unable to challenge the foundation of a rank eight.”


 “The real key in deciding victory is not in this battlefield, but the Bai Zu tribe outside.”


 Chu Du was clear about the situation.


 He and Fang Yuan had the same idea, after all, great minds think alike.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu himself had no weakness, his only weakness was the Bai Zu tribe that he had just recently created.


 Chu Du’s arrangements were taking effect in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Rumors were spread.


 “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is attacking Hei Fan grotto-heaven, if he succeeds in getting the place, his strength will rise to a new level.”


 “Even though Bai Zu tribe has just been built, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is holding it up, their only weakness is their weak foundation. Once Hei Fan grotto-heaven becomes Bai Zu tribe’s territory, in decades, Bai Zu tribe will surpass every Huang Jin tribe.”


 “Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is a lone cultivator, he does not have Huang Jin bloodline, the strengthening of Bai Zu tribe is actually beneficial towards the survival of demonic and lone immortals.”


 ...


 All sorts of rumors and discussions were going on, the main topic was on Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s threat, and the emphasis that he was not a descendant of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s bloodline.


 Not just this, there were some Gu Immortals pretending to be from Bai Zu tribe, causing trouble everywhere and provoking the super forces.


 Bai Zu tribe’s leader, Bai Zu Wei, had already died on the battlefield, and Bai Zu tribe’s new leader did not have enough capability, he was facing huge trouble, he was telling Heavenly Lord Bai Zu about the difficulties and danger Bai Zu tribe was facing, and that they had enemies on all fronts.


 But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was unmoved.


 He replied: “This is Chu Du’s ploy. Chu Du is neither from the righteous path nor has the Huang Jin bloodline, if our Bai Zu tribe deals with him, those people from Huang Jin tribes would be most pleased.”


 “Chu Du let out these rumors and pretended to be us, purposely provoking those tribes, this is his scheme, it shows that he is weak now on the inside, only putting up a front.”


 “The other tribes are not idiots, they could tell what Chu Du was doing, but because of my deterrence as a rank eight, they did not dare to do anything.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu has excellent astuteness, he was clear of the situation, he was determined to take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 He had chosen the best timing.


 Yao Huang and Old Ancestor Xue Hu were busy refining Gu. Five Elements Grandmaster was busy dealing with Longevity Heaven, and even though Prince Feng Xian was doing nothing on the surface, he was secretly retrieving blessed lands.


 For Fang Yuan, it was becoming harder and harder to endure as time passed.


 To increase his amount of green grape immortal essence, he had to start selling desolate beasts in treasure yellow heaven.


 He originally had two spinefin star dragonfish, he sold them to replenish his immortal essence stones out of necessity.


 This was starting to harm his immortal aperture’s foundation.


 Earlier, he had been in a positive feedback loop due to his financial management and growth, but now, he was facing a vicious downward cycle.


 Undoubtedly, this was a warning signal.


 “In terms of blessed land foundation, I surpass Chu Du, but green grape immortal essence is my greatest weakness, thus, I was the first to burn out among the immortals. It seems that after this battle, I need to advance to rank seven as soon as possible!”


 The battle situation was becoming more intense, temporary camps were already being built, Chu Du had to act in person and destroy them all.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu chose very good timings, on multiple dangerous occasions, he nearly managed to arrive with his true body.


 Fang Yuan secretly asked Lang Ya Sect for help.


 He said to Lang Ya land spirit: This was the best chance to recruit Chu Du.


 But Lang Ya land spirit caved in when faced against a rank eight Gu Immortal. He clearly expressed that Lang Ya Sect would not help. If something happened to Fang Yuan, he had to keep Lang Ya Sect a secret, if he revealed anything, the alliance agreement would kill him.


 “Even though I can still hold on, I have thought about it, the battle result has been decided, there is no point in wasting more resources.” Chu Du decided to give up. He did not conceal this thought from Fang Yuan, he looked for Fang Yuan to talk about it.


 Fang Yuan had already been wanting to back out, he quickly agreed.


 However, just as Chu Du and Fang Yuan were talking about their retreat plans, the commotion in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world changed.


 All of the Huang Jin tribes, the righteous path super forces, united and wanted to pass judgment on Bai Zu tribe.


 To think that at the final crucial moment, a change for the better had arrived!



***
Chapter 1180 - Heaven and Human Path, Grandmaster Discusses Dao


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Some days ago.


 Longevity Heaven.


 This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s rank nine grotto-heaven! Golden light enveloped the Four Desolations, an azure hue shone over the Eight Extremities.


 Four Desolations and Eight Extremities, these formed the terrain of Longevity Heaven, much like how sovereign immortal aperture had the nine heavens and five regions.


 And at the heart of the Four Desolations, at the center of the Eight Extremities, an Immortal Gu House was shining in a profound white light, shooting towards the skies. It resonated with the entirety of Longevity Heaven, emitting a loud humming sound.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House, Calamity Luck Altar.


 Three floors of round altars with multiple pillars holding it up, white jade railings and shining aurora.


 Eight Gu Immortals in Longevity Heaven were standing at the center of the nine corners of Calamity Luck Altar, doing their best to concentrate in controlling the operations of Calamity Luck Altar.


 At the center of Calamity Luck Altar, lightning was flashing, dragons were dancing, luck was steaming, as clouds enveloped the area.


 A Gu Immortal’s figure was seated on the ground, resisting the might of Calamity Luck Altar.


 Around him, there was a ring, it was flying around and surrounding his body, emitting light in five colors.


 “Five Elements Grandmaster, you might have rank eight cultivation level, but inside the Calamity Luck Altar, you cannot turn this around! I urge you to surrender, when our Four Desolation Immortals awaken, perhaps you might have a chance of survival.” The leader of the eight Gu Immortals, Heaven Extremity, snorted and said.


 It turned out that the Gu Immortal trapped in the center of Calamity Luck Altar was one of the five rank eight existences in Northern Plains — Five Elements Grandmaster!


 Five Elements Grandmaster laughed loudly: “The rank eight Immortal Gu House is nothing impressive! You Eight Extremities have combined forces to manipulate it, after suppressing me for this long, even using the might of Longevity Heaven to try and kill me, but now, you have not even broken through the first layer of my five elements ring. Heaven Extremity, you have the face to ask me to surrender?”


 Heaven Extremity sneered: “That is because you do not know the mystical power of Calamity Luck Altar! Its true ability is to reverse calamity and luck, turning calamity into luck, and luck into calamity. By interlinking calamity and luck, it becomes unceasing. This is the profundity of heaven and earth luck! As a mere lone cultivator, how can you possibly understand?”


 Hearing the words heaven and earth luck, Five Elements Grandmaster’s smugness vanished, disappearing from his face.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path, his entire life’s cultivation was summarized into three parts, self luck, all living being’s luck, and heaven and earth luck.


 Among which, heaven and earth luck was created during Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s later years, it was grand and deep, deciphering the mysteries of heaven and earth. Five Elements Grandmaster had stalled in his advancement now, he could not break through on his own, thus, he sneaked into Longevity Heaven and tried to steal the heaven and earth luck true inheritance.


 But to think that even though the Four Desolation Immortals were asleep in Longevity Heaven, the defense still exceeded Five Elements Grandmaster’s expectations.


 After some fighting, Five Elements Grandmaster was trapped inside Calamity Luck Altar, he was suppressed by the Eight Extremities, unable to get free.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had three rank eight Immortal Gu Houses in his life, I’ve known about Calamity Luck Altar since long ago. But reversing calamity and luck, just what constitutes as reversing calamity and luck?” Five Elements Grandmaster thought for a moment before asking.


 The Eight Extremities looked at each other, evidently surprised.


 But soon, they reacted.


 Heaven Extremity sighed internally: “I have long since heard that Five Elements Grandmaster has an incredible thirst towards knowledge, when he was mortal, he hid his identity and went around learning from different masters. After becoming a Gu Immortal, in order to obtain some experience and guidance from Gu Immortals, he was willing to be at their beck and call. This time, he actually asked his enemies for guidance inside the formation. He is truly passionate! However, an ignorant person fears nothing, if I inform him of the truth, I can strike a blow at his confidence and morale!”


 Thinking of this, Heaven Extremity spoke: “Right now, the outcome has been decided, it is fine even if I tell you. Calamity Luck Altar was purposely left in Longevity Heaven by Ancestor Giant Sun, it was to defend Longevity Heaven. Reversing calamity and luck, we can turn calamities and tribulations into our own good luck. Right now, you came to invade Longevity Heaven, it was our human calamity. By using this Calamity Luck Altar, we can turn this difficulty into good luck, turning disaster into fortune. You will end up contributing to Longevity Heaven’s eternal existence.”


 “Superb, brilliant!” Five Elements Grandmaster listened with shining eyes, he asked again: “If a human calamity is like this, then what about earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations?”


 “We naturally reverse them as well, heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities do not cause any damage, they instead become nourishment for our Longevity Heaven.” Heaven Extremity said proudly.


 Five Elements Grandmaster had wide opened eyes: “Longevity Heaven is a rank nine grotto-heaven and has not absorbed any fragments of the immemorial nine heavens. By relying on Calamity Luck Altar, it can go through all of its calamities and tribulations?”


 “Hahaha! You are already a rank eight Gu Immortal, but you do not even know about the origins of calamities and tribulations?” Heaven Extremity laughed in disdain.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was not upset, he asked humbly: “I hope you can teach me, Heaven Extremity.”


 Heaven Extremity sensed Five Elements Grandmaster’s earnest attitude and the disdain inside him vanished, turning into traces of admiration.


 He sighed, answering: “Why do humans have calamities and tribulations? The truth is, not just humans, but desolate beasts and desolate plants also have them. Like the thousand snakes haze tree, it faces the tribulation lightning.”


 “The origin of calamities and tribulations is in the principles of heaven. Heaven takes away surpluses while replenishing deficits, it emphasizes on balance and maintains this over cycles. Any existence which breaks the cycle of balance will face calamities and tribulations.”


 “But humans possess the greatest intelligence. Thus, we are more of a threat than beasts or plants. Gu Immortals can manage their own small worlds, it draws wariness and attacks from heaven.”


 “What is calamity? What is luck?” Heaven Extremity suddenly asked.


 Five Elements Grandmaster had a realization, he spoke immediately:” I understand. Heaven takes away surpluses while replenishing deficits, the so-called calamity takes away surpluses, while luck replenishes deficits.”


 Heaven Extremity raised his eyebrows: “You answered correctly, that is exactly the case! And my Ancestor Giant Sun was extremely talented, he created luck path. It targets the operations of the principles of heaven. Self luck true inheritance replenishes oneself. All living being’s luck takes away others’ surpluses to replenish oneself. While heaven and earth luck takes away heaven and earth’s surpluses to replenish oneself.”


 “So that’s it.” Five Elements Grandmaster sighed deeply: “No wonder Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not enter Heavenly Court during his life.”


 Heavenly Court followed the will of heaven, and upholded justice for heaven.


 Meanwhile, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path usurped the authority of heaven and earth. When nature operated according to the principles of heaven, and an individual was determined to be too strong and breaking the balance, it would generate calamities and tribulations to suppress them. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path avoided calamities and tribulations, and in the section of heaven and earth luck, it directly turned calamities and tribulations into fortuitous encounters. Heaven and earth suppresses me, it wants to take away my surpluses to replenish others’ deficits, then I shall go ahead and take away heaven and earth’s surpluses to replenish my own deficits!


 As the saying goes, there is nothing to say if there were opposing objectives!


 “If heaven cannot use calamities and tribulations to destroy Longevity Heaven, it will use human calamities to destroy it.” Heaven Extremity continued: “And you, Five Elements Grandmaster, were subconsciously influenced by heaven’s will, eventually becoming the human calamity that is here to destroy my Longevity Heaven! What a pity that you, a great rank eight, were influenced by heaven’s will without even knowing it.”


 “Hahaha, I have learned much.” Five Elements Grandmaster laughed grandly: “Even if it is heaven’s will influencing me, so what? This is also my own intention! And I believe that man will triumph over heaven. No matter how vast heaven’s will is, it cannot compare to the will of humans. Throughout the long history of humanity, we were so weak and feeble, pushed aside and humiliated everywhere, until we became the overlords of the world today, suppressing all variant humans and other life forms under our feet! The human race is the one that destroys the balance the most, but can heaven suppress us? There were ten rank nine venerables in human history, and countless Gu Immortals among us, we roam heaven and earth, we can capture stars and overturn mountains and rivers, what can heaven do?”


 Heaven Extremity laughed, the other seven also expressed joy.


 This joy was the joy of meeting a companion, someone who shared similar understanding and aspirations as oneself.


 Heaven Extremity’s laughter faded: “It seems that you, Five Elements Grandmaster, have also been reading > frequently.”


 “Of course. > contains Ren Zu’s human path true inheritance! Every Gu Immortal who cultivates to a high level will try to benefit from it. Unfortunately, I do not have the wisdom and comprehension ability, I can only read the meaning that human path triumphs over heaven path. I had once heard that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created self luck and reached an impasse where he stalled. He only obtained an inspiration after reading >, creating all living being’s luck. After that, he went on to ascend to the Immortal Venerable throne, before creating heaven and earth luck.” Five Elements Grandmaster continued.


 Heaven Extremity nodded: “Indeed.”


 Five Elements Grandmaster went on: “I am a Northern Plainsman, born and bred here. Even though I do not have the Huang Jin bloodline, I admire Giant Sun Immortal Venerable greatly. Human path triumphs over heaven path, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path is deeply using the essence of human path! The trend of the rule of humanity cannot be overturned, it cannot be defied. Even heaven is not its match! Do you all agree with me?”


 “Of course that is the case.” Heaven Extremity replied arrogantly.


 Five Elements Grandmaster smiled lightly: “The trend of humanity is clear to everyone here. But the trend of Northern Plains, can you see it clearly?”


 Heaven Extremity’s expression changed: “What are you trying to say?”


 Five Elements Grandmaster said calmly but loudly: “Right now, Northern Plains’ trend in terms of humanity is that the demonic path is rising up while righteous path is shifting lower. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, allowing many lone immortals and demonic path members to gain strength. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu created Bai Zu tribe personally, allowing the righteous path to have a different bloodline.”


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s hereditary monarchy was indeed a grand aspiration, but it was really quite restrictive, Northern Plains is not his to begin with. It belongs to all Northern Plainsmen. The death of a person is like the snuffing of a candle, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s influence has affected Northern Plains for so long, so many years! It is time to change!”


 “A load of nonsense!!!” Heaven Extremity was furious, the other seven extremities also started berating angrily.


 Five Elements Grandmaster was very tranquil: “You are angry and furious, that is because of the fear in your hearts. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Huang Jin tribes, they have dominated Northern Plains, ruling over it, it is starting to decline now. Just like the ten great ancient sects in Central Continent, they seem strong, but they are rotten on the inside, there are many internal conflicts and useless members. What about the lone immortals and demonic cultivators? Look at Northern Plains’ rank eight Gu Immortals, how many have Huang Jin bloodline?”


 “Old Ancestor Xue Hu is demonic path, I am a lone immortal, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu turned from lone to righteous path, Prince Feng Xian is a member of Gong tribe, but he is not of Huang Jin bloodline. Only Yao Huang alone is holding up the Huang Jin tribes’ reputation.”



***
Chapter 1181 - Sudden Changes, Benefits are Key


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Five Elements Grandmaster: “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is a forewarning, while Bai Zu tribe’s creation is an obvious sign. Next, the influence of the Huang Jin tribes will start to fade away.”


 “Because this is the trend of humanity in Northern Plains!”


 “You say that I was affected by heaven’s will, that is not so! I was rushed here by the tide of humanity, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s reputation can no longer intimidate me, he has been dead for too long!”


 “Next, more Gu Immortals will be discontent with the Huang Jin tribes, and covet your wealth. Northern Plains is full of battles, Northern Plains Gu Immortals have bravery and fighting spirit, suppression would only be met with even more resolute and crazed resistance.”


 “I am just the first person to come to Longevity Heaven. Next, more and more will come here. Are you prepared for it?”


 There was silence.


 The Eight Extremities were so angry they were trembling, having cold expressions.


 Heaven Extremity had a stiff expression, he smiled forcefully: “Amazing rank eight Gu Immortal, amazing Five Elements Grandmaster. You want to convince us that instead of being wiped out by this trend, we should merge and ride the wave, imitating Gong tribe to take in more lone immortals and demonic cultivators, to recruit a rank eight Gu Immortal like you?”


 “We do not have a deep feud, we can cooperate.” Five Elements Grandmaster said solemnly: “Even though the Four Desolation Immortals are rank eight, they have little lifespan, they cannot move around freely. I have no such problems.”


 Heaven Extremity laughed maniacally: “Hahaha! You? You are looking down on the foundation of the Huang Jin tribes! Or rather, you are looking down on Ancestor Giant Sun! If not for you, us Eight Extremities would have gone to rebuild Eighty-Eight True Yang Building already. And that Bai Zu tribe is merely a short-lived flicker. Such impure bloodline and he wants to be in the righteous path? Heavenly Lord Bai Zu? Is he worthy?! The righteous path of Northern Plains are the Huang Jin tribes!”


 Liu tribe’s base camp.


 Xuan Bai blessed land.


 “Ah, the Longevity Edict!” Liu tribe’s first supreme elder was extremely shocked, he quickly knelt down and received it.


 Liu tribe was one of the super forces, a Huang Jin tribe, the descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Meanwhile, Longevity Heaven was the rank nine grotto-heaven of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, among the Huang Jin tribes, it represented supreme authority.


 Liu tribe’s first supreme elder received the Longevity Edict.


 The Longevity Edict was golden in color, it resembled a token, but it was in essence, an information path Immortal Gu.


 He felt a sensation and understood the information in the Longevity Edict.


 Liu tribe’s first supreme elder frowned: “Longevity Heaven has orders for us Huang Jin tribes to work together and deal with Bai Zu tribe?”


 This order caught him off guard.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was fighting with Chu Du, the entirety of Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals were happy to see this.


 Bai Zu tribe took over Hei tribe, their forces bordered Liu tribe. Because Bai Zu tribe had a rank eight Gu Immortal, Liu tribe had a very vigilant attitude, while feeling deep wariness.


 And Chu Du had a feud with Liu tribe, his reputation as Domination Immortal was mostly due to Liu tribe to begin with.


 The contest between these two, in Liu tribe’s opinion, was one foe fighting another. Liu tribe was watching on the fence, wanting to see them both suffer losses.


 Chu Du was in trouble, Liu tribe felt good seeing it, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had taken revenge for them.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu suffering losses would cause Bai Zu tribe’s reputation to fall in the future, it was a great thing for Liu tribe. Nobody would want a fierce tiger to live around them, a weak neighbor was better than a strong one.


 “But now that the Longevity Edict is out, we have to follow it.”


 “My Liu tribe is close to Hei tribe’s former territory, once this battle starts, we will face pressure many times that of the other tribes.”


 Liu tribe’s first supreme elder left his information on Longevity Edict, on the Immortal Gu, before letting it go, as the Longevity Edict tore through the sky.


 Next, this Immortal Gu would continue to visit the other Huang Jin tribes.


 Back to the present time.


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Chu Du and Fang Yuan, who received this information, were surprised and overjoyed.


 “All of the righteous path super forces, the Huang Jin tribes are attacking Bai Zu tribe, this way, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is bound to retreat.” Fang Yuan spoke with a smile.


 “The Huang Jin tribes that have never gotten along are acting in unison at such speed, I wonder what happened.” Chu Du was confused.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined: “Perhaps Longevity Heaven sent an edict.”


 “Longevity Heaven?” Chu Du’s expression changed, he thought for a while: “It seems that is the only reason.”


 In fact, the situation of the forces in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world was quite similar to Central Continent.


 Central Continent had ten great ancient sects, Northern Plains had the Huang Jin bloodline super forces, Central Continent had the Heavenly Court ruling above, while Northern Plains had Longevity Heaven that stood in the sky.


 More similarly, the ten great ancient sects were the lower level sects of Heavenly Court, while Longevity Heaven similarly had great influence on the Northern Plains Huang Jin tribes.


 Perhaps in the past, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had imitated Central Continent, purposely creating this situation.


 “Why did Longevity Heaven suddenly send an edict, ordering the Huang Jin tribes to work together and deal with Bai Zu tribe? Bai Zu tribe is backed by a rank eight Gu Immortal.” Chu Du thought, feeling doubts.


 What made him unable to comprehend it was, if Longevity Heaven wanted to deal with Bai Zu tribe, the best time to strike was when Hei tribe had just been destroyed.


 But at that time, Longevity Heaven did not act. So why did they wait until now? Was Longevity Heaven also interested in Hei Fan grotto-heaven?


 Thinking of this possibility, Chu Du’s heart sank.


 “No matter what, we need to make use of the remaining time and talk to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, ending this conflict. Immortal Gu ‘No’ and ‘Care’ were prepared for this moment.” Fang Yuan reminded.


 Chu Du came back to his senses, he said solemnly: “You are right.”


 He immediately sent his clone to converse with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 Right now, Chu Du was the owner of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he had made many arrangements here, the Gu worms that he sent out were not detected by others.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had more information than Chu Du.


 He knew that right forces, the righteous path forces were coming at Bai Zu tribe because Longevity Heaven had directly sent a Longevity Edict!


 He was very shocked, he did not know why Longevity Heaven was suddenly finding trouble with him.


 In the past, when creating the tribe, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was worried about Longevity Heaven, he was waiting for a response from them.


 Longevity Heaven’s silence made Heavenly Lord Bai Zu feel like he had probed its bottom line. He thought: As a grand rank eight, Longevity Heaven might not want to deal with him, after all, there was no good reason for it.


 The commotion and change in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world made Heavenly Lord Bai Zu very perplexed.


 “Yao Huang and Prince Feng Xian are righteous path Gu Immortals, Prince Feng Xian might not come, but Yao Huang is a true Huang Jin bloodline member. Other than that, there is still Longevity Heaven. Hmm... Five Elements Grandmaster has a good understanding of Longevity Heaven, I might be able to get some information from him.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu thought quickly, the situation was turning for the worse rapidly, he felt immense pressure on him.


 He was still unaware that Five Elements Grandmaster was already fighting with Longevity Heaven. In fact, the current situation was caused by the conversation between Five Elements Grandmaster and Heaven Extremity.


 “As for Hei Fan grotto-heaven...” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s gaze became dark, he assessed: “I cannot take it down for now, I should stop. I cannot waste any time and energy now, I need to put all my effort into defending my hard work.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to retreat.


 The reason why he wanted to take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven was due to the loss of his reputation, it might cause a commotion and result in severe losses to Bai Zu tribe’s interests.


 But now, Bai Zu tribe was in a crisis. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s own interests were severely infringed now.


 This situation was truly the worst, how could Heavenly Lord Bai Zu have any effort to spare for Hei Fan grotto-heaven!


 But in this situation, Chu Du’s Gu worm arrived in Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s hands.


 “Oh? As expected of the Domination Immortal...” After understanding Chu Du’s intention, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s gaze became dark and eerie.


 The contest for Hei Fan grotto-heaven ended at once!


 What made the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world shocked was, Chu Du not only came to a resolution with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he even gave up a portion of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, and created an alliance with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


 After achieving the alliance agreement, Chu Du let Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body into Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Using Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s deterrence, he went on to deal with those demonic path and lone immortals that he had invited earlier.


 These Gu Immortals were facing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s main body, how could they dare to resist, they could only lower their heads to Domination Immortal.


 Chu Du successfully resisted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, using the power of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he forcefully subdued many lone immortals, gathering everyone and creating Chu Sect on that very day.


 Chu Sect.


 Using Chu Du’s words in his speech: This was the first Gu Immortal sect in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world! It had extraordinary meaning.


 Fang Yuan watched coldly from the side, even though Lang Ya Sect was the actual first sect in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan could not help but gasp in admiration towards Chu Du’s incredible performance.


 Chu Du had truly outdone himself.


 He gave up a portion of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, but he managed to obtain a rank eight reinforcement, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was also a deep schemer.


 Northern Plains’ situation gave him huge pressure, he had to find external allies.


 And Chu Du could guess his mentality, thus he created Chu Sect, it was far easier than for Heavenly Lord Bai Zu when he created Bai Zu tribe.


 Chu Du was not all alone, these last years, he had nurtured many strength path Gu Immortals.


 And with Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he had a huge basis for development.


 Meanwhile, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu needed Hei Fan grotto-heaven as a backup plan for the entirety of Bai Zu tribe.


 Thus, the two sides turned from enemies to allies.


 Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen, who accidentally killed Bai Zu Wei, were just punished mildly, before they were spared.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could no longer bother with these two insignificant figures at this point.


 Thus, Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu felt immense gratitude towards Domination Immortal, they became the two most loyal people in Chu Sect.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world had changed too rapidly.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who was at the peak of his life earlier, having created his own tribe, was now facing the attack of all the Huang Jin tribes.


 Chu Du and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who were fighting to the death earlier, were now allies.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals might be dazzled by these turns of events, but for people like Fang Yuan, it was very clear.


 No matter what commotion or changes there were, the key concern throughout was still benefits, it had never changed!



***
Chapter 1182 - Leaving Hei Fan Grotto-Heaven


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside a Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan sat quietly on the ground.


 Chu Du, as well as the wills of Pang Shan and Not Immortal, were in front of the formation.


 “Start.” Chu Du said plainly.


 The wills of Not Immortal and Pang Shan formed into human shapes, nodding as they activated their Immortal Gu.


 One rule path Immortal Gu — No.


 The other was also a rule path Immortal Gu, top ten in the List of Mystical Gu — Care.


 Red date immortal essence was rapidly expended, the two Immortal Gu were shining in their own profound lights. The two profound lights had different colors, one was black and empty, the other was red and warm like fire.


 The black and red lights entered the Gu formation.


 Chu Du took action at an appropriate timing, activating this Gu formation, to fuse the power of Immortal Gu No and Immortal Gu Care into it.


 The two profound lights fused under the guidance of the Gu formation, creating a half black and half red spiralling pillar of light.


 The light pillar completely covered Fang Yuan’s body, without any leaks.


 A moment later, the light pillar stabilized, it was no longer as distorted as before.


 “It is ready.” Chu Du reminded.


 Fang Yuan thus said: “You will not be able to imagine what is hidden under the northern icy plain, I almost died there…”


 He spoke quickly, detailing what happened when he was undergoing tribulation in the northern icy plain, and the terrifying human calamity that he had faced.


 The secret of the snowman and rockman tribes in the northern icy plain was revealed to Chu Du.


 “To think that there is such a situation! The empty northern icy plain actually has such a powerful variant human force, they have been hidden all along!” Chu Du was extremely shocked.


 The wills of Not Immortal and Pang Shan also shook, showing their stirred emotions.


 A moment later, the black and red lights faded, the Gu formation stopped its operation, Fang Yuan slowly stood up, getting out of the Gu formation.


 He was safe!


 Originally, he was a member of the four race alliance, and a guest elder of Lang Ya Sect, he was not able to expose the secrets of the snowmen and rockmen to outsiders.


 But because of the Immortal Gu No and Care, along with Chu Du’s cooperation, Fang Yuan was able to breach his alliance agreements without facing any harm!


 These two Immortal Gu were meant to be used by Chu Du.


 Chu Du’s intention was to come to a consensus with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. After defending strongly and refusing to relent in battle, they would eventually settle at an agreement, defending Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Chu Du had long since planned that if there was no choice, he would secretly sacrifice Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu, to protect Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s reputation, and express his sincerity.


 But the actual situation was far better than he had expected.


 Perhaps the alliance of all the righteous path forces in attacking Bai Zu tribe had made Heavenly Lord Bai Zu feel strong external pressure.


 Because of that, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not list any requirements of executing the murderers, he only gave them a light punishment on the surface.


 “It is to the credit of these two Immortal Gu, otherwise, I would have no way to explain this situation to you.” Fang Yuan pretended to be relieved, he sighed deeply to himself.


 Of course, he had withheld some information from Chu Du.


 For example, Fang Yuan did not expose Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was a vigilant person, he was not going to tell Chu Du everything, he was used to keeping trump cards at hand.


 Chu Du said in a heavy tone: “By the looks of it, we cannot continue to undergo tribulation in the northern icy plain.”


 “Indeed.” Fang Yuan nodded, he started to avoid mentioning things related to the four races alliance.


 Because the two Immortal Gu No and Care had stopped activating, if Fang Yuan breached the alliance agreements again, he would face intense backlash, he would either be severely injured or dead!


 The two Immortal Gu, No and Care, had incredible abilities, but they had to be activated constantly.


 Because they had to be used together to allow the Gu Immortal to breach alliance agreements without suffering any damage.


 But they could not remove the restrictions of Fang Yuan’s alliance agreements completely.


 This was a method that resolved the situation but did not solve the underlying problem.


 “Regarding this, what are your opinions?” Fang Yuan asked directly.


 The wills of Not Immortal and Pang Shan looked at each other.


 The former shook his head: “Crazed Demon Cave contains the secret of eternal life, our main bodies would not leave it. As long as humanity is not extinct, we will not come out. The variant humans can develop all they want, even if they become many times stronger, they are not the match of humans.”


 The latter said: “If we are to deal with the variant humans, it is easy. We just need to announce this information, and the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world will go after them.”


 “No, that way, the northern icy plain will get destroyed. If a huge battle occurs, the icy plain will not remain. And we would not be able to get anything from it, we might even get exposed and implicate Brother Liu.” Chu Du shook his head.


 “I’m just saying.” Pang Shan’s will grumbled.


 Indeed, if the variant human force underneath the icy plain was exposed, a huge battle would occur. By then, Fang Yuan would be trapped in the middle, he would not have an easy time.


 Fang Yuan listened to their words, the worry inside him dissipated by a lot.


 Fang Yuan had to tell Chu Du about the situation in the northern icy plain, because they had set an alliance agreement. There would be many opportunities to cooperate in the future.


 If Fang Yuan concealed it, he would be greatly restricted.


 Chu Du did not attack the variant human force in the icy plain, that was within Fang Yuan’s estimations. After all, right now, Chu Du’s focus was no longer on tribulations and Reckless Savage’s true meaning, it was how to control the situation and cooperate with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to resist the attacks of the righteous path super forces.


 And the wills of Not Immortal and Pang Shan also made Fang Yuan realize the mindset of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics.


 “It seems that these three are bent on researching Crazed Demon Cave. The commotion in the outside world cannot lure them out.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he could understand the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics.


 If he did not have so much trouble, he would also do the same thing as them.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was in a lot of danger, not just Shadow Sect, but also the pursuit of Heavenly Court and other various aspects.


 “However, if they know my true identity, how would they react?” Fang Yuan looked at the three, his thoughts were drifting.


 After talking for a while, Chu Du kept the two Immortal Gu and the wills of Not Immortal and Pang Shan in his own immortal aperture.


 Next, he and Fang Yuan left this underground camp together. After leaving the cave, they got back to the surface of Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 Hei Fan grotto-heaven was currently developing.


 Large numbers of variant humans, rockmen, feathermen, and minimen were laboriously working.


 Many Gu Immortals would often raise variant human slaves.


 Right now, Chu Sect had allied with Bai Zu tribe, these variant humans were slaves that came from Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe.


 “Greetings to first supreme elder and second supreme elder.” Hao Zhen saw Fang Yuan and Chu Du, quickly taking the initiative to greet them.


 Chu Du took the opportunity to create Chu Sect, he even roped in Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was originally unwilling, but Chu Du gave him special treatment, Fang Yuan’s alliance agreement for Chu Sect was very loose, it was not restrictive.


 And because Fang Yuan intended to continue working with Chu Du, this allowed them to have another layer of relationship.


 Chu Du asked about the development status of Hei Fan grotto-heaven, Hao Zhen answered that they were all at the initial stage, but the different Gu Immortals had taken out their resources and relocated them here. There was a crucial point, Fang Yuan had also put in a lot of effort, contributing a lot of resources.


 These resources were originally from Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 After going through many places, they were back at their original spots.


 Even Fang Yuan did not expect that.


 Why did he contribute this huge amount of resources?


 Firstly, using the two Immortal Gu No and Care was not free, Fang Yuan had discussed with Chu Du, using this as the compensation.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan sold some resources to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 Inside Hei Fan grotto-heaven, a large portion was Chu Sect’s territory, but a small portion belonged to Bai Zu tribe now.


 The entirety of Hei Fan grotto-heaven became the symbol of alliance between Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe.


 Fang Yuan and Chu Du said goodbye to Hao Zhen, after flying for a while, Fang Yuan said to Chu Du: “Alright, you don’t have to send me off.”


 Chu Du had a worried look: “Didn’t you just obtain Hei Fan’s true inheritance. In my opinion, delaying the calamities and tribulations by slowing your immortal aperture’s rate of time is most stable. After all, you have just undergone so many battles, if you undergo tribulation after going back, there is a huge risk.”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “How can there be gains without risks. Furthermore, you are around, if I encounter any sudden danger, I will seek help from you.”


 Chu Du had an apologetic expression: “It is a pity that Chu Sect was just created, we have strong enemies against us, there is unrest now, otherwise, I would go with you. Have you chosen the tribulation location?”


 “Not yet, I need to think about it.” Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Chu Du opened the grotto-heaven’s entrance.


 “See you.” Fang Yuan stepped out of the grotto-heaven, flying away without looking back.


 Chu Du shut the door again, sighing internally.


 Fang Yuan was not easy to control, he was very decisive. And Chu Du still had desire towards the immortal tribulation tempering aperture method, but the current situation was very complex.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength and his status with the variant humans made Chu Du see a lot of value in him.


 Fang Yuan wanted to deepen his cooperation with Chu Du, wasn’t Chu Du also thinking the same?


 As Fang Yuan left Hei Fan grotto-heaven, in Southern Border, Bai Ning Bing arrived at Jade Pot Mountain.


 “Why did you bring me here?” Bai Ning Bing asked directly.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others were wondering too.


 Ying Wu Xie, who was leading the way, stopped walking, he turned around and smiled: “Bai Ning Bing, you are too weak. This Jade Pot Mountain has our Shadow Sect’s arrangements, it has already formed an Immortal Gu. We will take it out and increase your battle strength, so that you can deal with the bet of the Five Xiangs.”


 “Bet of the Five Xiangs? What is that?” Bai Ning Bing frowned.


 Ying Wu Xie laughed loudly: “It is too early to tell you now.”


 Bai Ning Bing frowned even more deeply now, snorting coldly: “The part about you I hate the most is that air of mystery that you use.”


 “Insolence!” Shi Nu stared angrily at Bai Ning Bing, he was very unhappy about Bai Ning Bing’s arrogant attitude towards Ying Wu Xie.


 “No matter, it’s no bother.” Ying Wu Xie laughed, he did not mind Bai Ning Bing’s attitude at all.



***
Chapter 1183 - Entering a New Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan successfully returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 At this moment, his divine sense was in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 “I have inspected it eighteen times, there should be no problems. But even if any problems occur, the newly hatched upper extreme heavenly eagle is only at the power of a desolate beast, even if it rebels, there is no danger.”


 Fang Yuan thought in his mind.


 He was inside Mini Purple Heaven in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 An ordinary eagle nest was floating in the sky.


 Inside the nest, other than an upper extreme heavenly eagle egg, there was nothing else.


 Within the surrounding hundred li, Fang Yuan had placed many strength path immortal zombies, desolate beasts, and even the walking meat tree here temporarily, to ensure there were no accidents.


 He hatched the upper extreme heavenly eagle once again!


 Fang Yuan began to move.


 A large amount of fresh blood was taken out by the strength path immortal zombies, before activating Gu worms and fusing the fresh blood perfectly into the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s egg.


 Fang Yuan had done this once before.


 But back then, Fang Yuan used Hei Cheng’s blood. This time, Fang Yuan was amply prepared, not only did he change the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s memories, he even did some changes to Hei Fan’s arrangements left on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 This way, Fang Yuan could use his own blood to hatch the upper extreme heavenly eagle. It was not like before, using familiar face to conceal himself and become close with the upper extreme heavenly eagle, obtaining the acknowledgement of this immemorial desolate beast.


 He went step by step, smoothly progressing, there were no unexpected mishaps.


 Eight days and nights later in the immortal aperture, the upper extreme heavenly eagle hatched again, as the baby upper extreme heavenly eagle emerged.


 “Chirp, chirp.”


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle saw ‘Fang Yuan’ and immediately jumped at him affectionately.


 This ‘Fang Yuan’ was not Fang Yuan’s real body, it was a strength path immortal zombie, using familiar face to turn into Fang Yuan’s appearance.


 Even though it had just hatched, it was not small, when it raised its head, it had the height of a youngster.


 The young eagle treated Fang Yuan as its parent, it surrounded him and flapped its wings, chirping and jumping around, extremely happy.


 “Alright, alright.” Fang Yuan smiled warmly, stretching out his hand and stroking the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s head.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle obediently stayed still, its chirping became softer and more intimate.


 “Come, eat.” Fang Yuan took out a thick and long heavenly crystal.


 The heavenly crystal was white and gold, in a translucent state, placing it in front of the young eagle, all of its attention was drawn to it.


 Its dark eagle eyes shined with bright light. It began to peck the heavenly crystal, as it broke apart like tofu, the young eagle ate it and swallowed the crystal very quickly.


 The young eagle trusted Fang Yuan deeply, it did not hesitate in consuming the heavenly crystal in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 After eating six heavenly crystals, it stopped in satisfaction.


 Its tummy was bloated, the young eagle had become plump, it sat on the ground and chirped, slapping its tummy with its wings continuously, it was very cute and lovable.


 “Full?” Fang Yuan smiled warmly, sitting down while leaning on the eagle.


 The eagle felt a strong sense of safety, it let down its guard, shutting its eyes as its head lowered, lying on Fang Yuan’s lap as it fell asleep.


 Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, stroking the young eagle’s feathers.


 Its newly born feathers were yellow and soft, together with its body warmth, it was very comfortable to touch.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan manipulated the strength path immortal zombie as he stayed by the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s side.


 Other than deepening their relationship, he was also keeping a close eye on it, in case of accidents.


 “I have enough heavenly crystal eagle nests.” Fang Yuan’s divine sense left the eagle nest.


 Taking a look, in the surrounding hundreds of li, there were many eagle nests.


 There were nearly a hundred eagle nests, Fang Yuan had taken them from Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Fang Yuan chose the largest eagle nest as the temporary home for the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The original heavenly crystal eagle nest had already been completely eaten by the previous upper extreme heavenly eagle, nothing was left.


 But now, even though the heavenly crystals in the nests could not nurture the upper extreme heavenly eagle, there was still a pile of them, taller than an adult.


 Among these heavenly crystals, a small portion came from Lang Ya land spirit. Fang Yuan had exchanged for them from Lang Ya land spirit using sect contribution points.


 The bulk of them were obtained from Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, after Chu Du and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu allied, Fang Yuan had transacted with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu through Chu Du.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a rank eight Gu Immortal, he had a grotto-heaven, he had a huge stock of heavenly crystals.


 In order to get this transaction, while revealing the secrets of the variant human in the northern icy plain to Chu Du, Fang Yuan also told him about the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 Actually, this was already no secret.


 Chu Du might have known, while Heavenly Lord Bai Zu definitely knew, because he had taken in the supreme elders of Hei tribe as his subordinates.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu desired the upper extreme heavenly eagle greatly, but currently, he needed Chu Du as an ally. And Chu Du wanted to deepen his cooperation with Fang Yuan, because of all these reasons, Fang Yuan easily succeeded in getting this transaction.


 Fang Yuan paid a lot of resources.


 But these resources were originally from Hei Fan grotto-heaven anyway. To purchase these heavenly crystals, Fang Yuan sold them all without hesitation.


 Be it Chu Sect or Bai Zu tribe, they needed these resources greatly.


 Because of their battle, both sides had expended a lot of their foundation, they needed replenishment. And the even better thing was, these resources were originally produced in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they suited the environment and did not need to adapt.


 After successfully hatching the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Fang Yuan settled down and observed it for some more days.


 After he confirmed that the upper extreme heavenly eagle had no issues, Fang Yuan immediately left, using Lang Ya Sect’s teleportation Gu formation to get to Tai Qiu.


 The sixth earthly calamity was about to arrive, there was little time, why was Fang Yuan going to Tai Qiu?


 He could not undergo tribulation in Tai Qiu.


 Because it was too dangerous.


 Ancient desolate beasts and ancient desolate plants lacked intelligence, they were easily influenced by heaven’s will, and would form into a giant beast tide.


 Fang Yuan followed a route and moved.


 He used familiar face, constantly changing his appearance, disguising himself as ancient desolate beasts or desolate beasts to travel, moving in Tai Qiu.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to go to the center of Tai Qiu, it was extremely dangerous, there were many wild Immortal Gu there and even immemorial desolate beasts!


 Thankfully, his destination was not at the center of Tai Qiu, it was at the fringe.


 Three days later, he successfully reached his destination.


 The ground in front of him was uneven, even though there was a lot of giant grass, it could not conceal the traces of battle here.


 Some mangled corpses were scattered here.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze swept through the surroundings, he did not discover any danger, he let out a breath of air and relaxed.


 “In the previous earthly calamity, I gained a lot of dark path dao marks. This time, I used Dark Limit to hide from heaven’s will, the effect is many times better! Thus, I am still safe.”


 “Then next is…” Fang Yuan mobilized his Gu worms, inspecting the surroundings.


 He was very careful, he searched meticulously.


 There was a rank seven Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan had specially borrowed it from Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. Lending Immortal Gu was also part of Fang Yuan and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s deal. Other than this, there was an immortal killer move.


 With this rank seven Immortal Gu as the core, Fang Yuan used the immortal killer move.


 Not long after, he had a discovery.


 “Good, I recalled correctly! It is here!”


 The immortal killer move allowed Fang Yuan to discover a blessed land. It was hidden in empty space, concealed here in the air.


 “Good eagle, it is up to you now.” Next, Fang Yuan opened the immortal aperture, letting out the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle had grown multiple times in size after these days, but it was still young, it had shiny feathers and sharp eagle eyes, it was quite strong and vigorous looking.


 It flew in the sky, carrying Fang Yuan on its back as they flew multiple times in a circle, under Fang Yuan’s guidance, it sensed something and changed directions, aiming towards the ground and about to crash.


 When it was three meters from the ground, the upper extreme heavenly eagle suddenly went through an entrance, as it vanished from Tai Qiu along with Fang Yuan.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan arrived at a completely new blessed land!



***
Chapter 1184 - Annexing Han Dong Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This blessed land was very unique.


 The entire terrain was a shallow beach.


 Jade green water that was less than three meters deep, large numbers of rocks piled on the beach, like ink on a casually drawn canvas, they resembled strokes and lines that weaved together.


 There were many pools of green water, some formed lakes, some formed tiny seas, it was distributed like a pieces of a chessboard.


 “This is quite similar to Dong Fang tribe’s Jade Pool blessed land.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 But he was aware that this place was different from Jade Pool blessed land at its core.


 Jade Pool blessed land was filled with many deep pools, there were tens of thousands of them, resembling the stars in the sky, forming a beautiful sight. And inside the jade pools, the water was different and bred countless aquatic species.


 But the water here was connected to the same source. Because there were crevices between the rocks that formed the terrain of the beach.


 Fang Yuan looked, there were large numbers of fish and prawns, all sorts of aquatic insects and mortal Gu. Under the beach, in the crevices, there were seashells, mussels, seaweed, and others.


 But what was most abundant was a type of snake.


 This snake was pinkish red in color, it was small and delicate, about the size of an adult’s thumb, smaller ones were only a few centimeters.


 This was a spirit snake.


 Gu Immortal Han Dong specialized the most in this transformation.


 This was Han Dong’s blessed land.


 Han Dong was one of the Traveling Three Elites, back then when Dong Fang Chang Fan possessed Dong Fang Yu Liang and tried to revive, he had used the immemorial ruin bat corpse to create a temporary base.


 By the time Fang Yuan and the rest got there, Gu Immortal Han Dong from the Traveling Three Elites had already died here.


 The Traveling Three Elites were Lu Qing Ming, Su Guang and Han Dong.


 They were lone cultivators, rather famous ones.


 When the three worked together, they could use an immortal killer move that gathered light, forming a chariot that could travel quickly.


 In the Gu Immortal world, when some Gu Immortals develop close relationships, they would help each other and cultivate together. As time passes, when they become more familiar, if they were talented, they would comprehend and create new joint immortal killer moves.


 The Traveling Three Elites were like this, the wind thunder roar of Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen was similar.


 Among the three of them, Lu Qing Ming was a wind path Gu Immortal, his signature move was entangled wind, it was very powerful and maneuverable.


 Su Guang was a light path Gu Immortal, while Han Dong cultivated transformation path!


 He was a transformation path rank six Gu Immortal, this Han Dong blessed land was a rank six blessed land.


 Fang Yuan floated in the sky, at this time, a pinkish red spirit snake slithered over towards Fang Yuan.


 “Hiss hiss hiss!”


 The spirit snake was translucent without scales, its flesh was pinkish, it did not have bones, just one red line held its body from head to tail together.


 It hissed at Fang Yuan, showing animosity in its tone.


 This was different from the other snakes.


 Fang Yuan could understand it, as the hissing turned into words in his ears: “Who are you? Why did you invade my home? Quickly leave, you are not welcomed here!”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “I came here because I want to be your master, what are the conditions for that?”


 “Hiss hiss hiss!”


 The pinkish red spirit snake hissed unhappily.


 Fang Yuan nodded, feeling overjoyed, he thought to himself: “So Han Dong’s obsession before death has to do with Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang.”


 It turned out that Han Dong blessed land’s condition was very simple yet strict.


 The spirit snake in front of Fang Yuan was the blessed land’s land spirit, created after Han Dong’s death, fusing his obsession with heavenly power.


 This land spirit would only acknowledge Lu Qing Ming or Su Guang.


 When either of them arrived, this blessed land would belong to them.


 From this point, the Traveling Three Elites truly had a close relationship. Han Dong’s obsession before dying was to leave all of his assets to his two good friends.


 “In that case, I will bring Lu Qing Ming here. We are good friends.” Fang Yuan spouted nonsense.


 “Hiss hiss hiss!”


 Spirit snake asked: “Is that true? You can find Lu Qing Ming? That is wonderful.”


 “In fact, he is nearby. Because your main body died here, Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang have been thinking about it. But Tai Qiu is too dangerous, thus, they asked me for help, and we finally found you after so long.” Fang Yuan started his chain of lies, he neither was flustered nor did his heart beat faster.


 The spirit snake slithered around, moving its body, it was very excited.


 Next, it made an agreement with Fang Yuan, in just a few minutes, Lu Qing Ming would arrive.


 “Thank you, truly, you are a good person!” The spirit snake’s attitude changed, it was very welcoming as it opened the entrance, sending Fang Yuan out.


 “You must find Lu Qing Ming!” Seeing Fang Yuan off, the spirit snake closed the entrance longingly.


 Fang Yuan flew in a circuit outside, storing away the upper extreme heavenly eagle and using familiar face to become Lu Qing Ming.


 He came back and waited for a while, before the blessed land’s entrance opened.


 “Lord Lu Qing Ming... sob sob sob.” The spirit snake was at the entrance, seeing ‘Lu Qing Ming’, it started to sob uncontrollably.


 Fang Yuan consoled it as the spirit snake’s mood lifted.


 The spirit snake asked: “Lord Lu Qing Ming, where is your friend from earlier? He is a nice person, he actually brought you here.”


 “He is a kind and helpful person, he is very dependable. He has already left, he said that there is no point in staying here, he has already done his part.” Fang Yuan continued with his fairy tales.


 The pitiful land spirit could not see through familiar face, it thought he was speaking the truth, immediately acknowledging Lu Qing Ming as its master.


 “Hiss hiss hiss!”


 The spirit snake coiled around Fang Yuan’s shoulder: “From now on, you are the owner of this blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan immediately changed his tone: “Wonderful, I’ve thought about it, I will give this blessed land to that friend of mine from earlier.”


 “Hiss?!”


 The spirit snake was stunned.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Since I am the owner of this place, I have the authority for that, right?”


 “Hiss... hiss.”


 The pinkish red spirit snake lowered its head, it was upset but it still responded, acknowledging Fang Yuan’s words.


 Fang Yuan immediately left, in a moment, he got rid of familiar face and returned in his original appearance.


 Very successfully, the spirit snake acknowledged him as master.


 “Hiss hiss hiss!”


 The spirit snake said: “From today onwards, you are the owner of this blessed land. Sigh, even though I am sad, this is Lord Lu Qing Ming’s wish.”


 Next, there were even more saddening words coming out of Fang Yuan’s mouth: “Since you acknowledge me as your master, work with me, assimilate this blessed land into my own blessed land.”


 “Hiss? Hiss, hiss, hiss, hiss hiss!”


 The spirit snake was completely stunned, before becoming frantic: “What? Why must we do that? If we do that, I will disappear!”


 “Of course I know that. But by fusing into my blessed land, I can skip multiple calamities and tribulations, it is helpful to me.” Fang Yuan continued.


 The pinkish red spirit snake thought of something and cried out: “To annex my blessed land, you need to be at least a transformation path master.”


 “I primarily cultivate transformation path, I am a grandmaster!” Fang Yuan replied mockingly.


 The spirit snake lost all its vigor, its head was lowered to the ground: “Fine, you are the owner of the blessed land, you can do whatever you want, I will cooperate.”


 Immortal apertures could annex one another.


 There were many restrictions and requirements in this.


 Firstly, a smaller immortal aperture could not engulf a bigger one.


 Secondly, dead apertures could not devour others.


 Finally, annexing immortal apertures required specific attainment levels. To annex a rank six blessed land, one needed to have master attainment level in that path. For rank seven blessed lands, one needed grandmaster attainment level. and for rank eight grotto-heavens, one needed great grandmaster attainment level!


 Once these requirements were met, another person’s immortal aperture could be devoured and become part of one’s own immortal aperture!


 There were many benefits in this.


 Firstly, the resources inside the annexed immortal aperture would be completely transferred into the other immortal aperture without any need for relocation.


 Secondly, one would gain a portion of its dao marks.


 Thirdly, and the most crucial point, the skipping of calamities and tribulations!


 For example, Hu Immortal, an enslavement path lone cultivator from Central Continent, had died during her fifth earthly calamity, from the blue charm lightning shadow. Even though the blue charm lightning shadow remained, the fifth earthly calamity of Hu Immortal blessed land was passed.


 If a Gu Immortal annexed this blessed land, they would gain all of the resources inside Hu Immortal blessed land, at the same time, they would receive a portion of the blessed land’s dao marks, and they would skip at least one calamity or tribulation, to a maximum of five. Furthermore, the countdown towards their next calamity or tribulation would be reset.


 Southern Border, Jade Pot Mountain.


 Ying Wu Xie’s group arrived at the interior of the mountain.


 “To think that Jade Pot Mountain has jade soil on the surface, producing beautiful jade that is renowned in Southern Border, but the interior is actually an icy land, it is truly another world here.” Bai Ning Bing stood inside the icy cave, sighing in shock.


 As they got deeper into Jade Pot Mountain, the temperature lowered, frost energy emanated, even though the Gu Immortals had defensive methods, they still felt a strong chill assaulting them.


 Ying Wu Xie suddenly paused his steps, he seemed to have sensed something, he spoke while looking forward at the empty space: “We are here. This is a rank six immortal aperture left behind by a strength path Gu Immortal of Shadow Sect.”


 Next, Ying Wu Xie turned around and said to Hei Lou Lan: “Hei Lou Lan, this is for you. You have enough strength path attainment level, you can annex this immortal aperture. This way, your upcoming calamities and tribulations will be bypassed.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed.


 She had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, one of the ten extremes, her calamities and tribulations were immensely powerful.


 Annexing an immortal aperture could resolve her problem, but it sacrificed her potential for growth in the future, only to obtain some short term benefits.


 She hesitated, but eventually gritted her teeth, walking forward.


 Ying Wu Xie internally nodded at this, he understood Hei Lou Lan’s feelings, he spoke: “In a Gu Immortal’s cultivation journey, pursuing potential and long term growth is not wise. If you cannot survive the upcoming tribulation, then there is no future to speak of. Don’t worry, this blessed land contains strength path dao marks that are not fewer in number than your ten extreme physique tribulation. Shadow Sect’s cultivation methods are not something you can imagine. But how much you can actually absorb is up to your own fortune. Because the annexing of others’ immortal apertures will often result in a reduction of dao marks gained to some extent. It is far less than stuffing a Gu Immortal’s corpse into your immortal aperture directly and allowing it to break down naturally.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s body shook, the anticipation in her gaze became heavier.


 Ying Wu Xie could not help but think of Fang Yuan, he added in his mind: “Of course, the sovereign immortal body is exempt from this.”



***
Chapter 1185 - Unexpected Joy


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan was confused.


 Under the cooperation of the blessed land’s pinkish red spirit snake, he successfully annexed Han Dong blessed land, turning it into a portion of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Thus, a shallow rock beach appeared in Mini Northern Plains, within the sovereign immortal aperture.


 In the shallow beach, there was clear jade green water, with all sorts of fish and prawns in it, they could be seen swimming in the clear water. Between the crevices of the rocks, algae and seaweed flowed with the waves, there were even seashells and conchs.


 There was a great number of pinkish red spirit snakes, some were moving alone, exploring the crevices. Some formed into groups, swimming in the green water, resembling a ball of red threads as they moved together. Some spirit snake groups moved in hundreds, it was a grand sight.


 What was worth mentioning was that there was a desolate beast pinkish red spirit snake.


 It was resting in a crevice between some rocks, it seemed to be in deep sleep.


 Even when the entire blessed land was engulfed, it did not wake up.


 Fang Yuan moved the whole of Han Dong blessed land over, the assimilation was simply perfect.


 Normally, if Fang Yuan took out these resources and planted them into his sovereign immortal aperture personally, he would need to dig rivers and create their habitat.


 In that case, because of the change in environment and difference in dao marks, much of these resources would wither and die. Like what happened when Fang Yuan took away Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s resources, he had to constantly sell the resources in the outside world.


 Because these resources could not grow in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 It was not worth the effort in trying.


 But now, Fang Yuan directly annexed the immortal aperture, he saved a lot of trouble.


 The resources in Han Dong blessed land, be it the fish, prawns, or plants, did not need to adapt to a new environment. Because Fang Yuan moved the entire environment over directly!


 This way, Fang Yuan had completely, with one hundred percent efficiency, taken over all of Han Dong’s accumulation of resources over his life, and instantly absorbed them.


 “Han Dong blessed land only produces one valuable thing, that is the spirit snakes. He can already nurture desolate beast level spirit snakes, even though this blessed land is low grade, to reach this extent of development is already outstanding.”


 Thus, Fang Yuan could inherit Han Dong’s business and sell the spirit snakes.


 Spirit snakes were a type of mutated beast, but they had a high ceiling of growth, they could reach a peak of ancient desolate beast level.


 Fang Yuan assessed it, this rock beach was the foundation for raising spirit snakes. The profits it generated for him slightly exceeded the star fragment grass fields that were in Mini Blue Heaven.


 Fang Yuan put these resources aside for now.


 There were other, stranger matters.


 Firstly, Han Dong blessed land’s land spirit, that pinkish red spirit snake, was still around in the rock beach.


 It did not die!


 “Hiss hiss hiss?!” The pinkish red spirit snake twisted its delicate body, shaking its head, even the land spirit itself was confused.


 The blessed land was annexed, the land spirit would die, this was common knowledge in the Gu Immortal world. But when it came to the sovereign immortal aperture, logic was meant to be defied.


 Fang Yuan did not expect this at all, he was mentally prepared to sacrifice the blessed land’s land spirit.


 But to think that this happened.


 Fang Yuan’s will descended to the rock beach, forming into a human shape.


 THe pinkish red spirit snake slithered over, happily hissing at Fang Yuan: “Hiss— hiss hiss hiss!”


 “Master, master! What is going on, I actually did not die. I am still alive, master, master, you are amazing!”


 Fang Yuan’s will laughed: “Of course, this is my secret art, solely created by me, it is unique in this entire Gu Immortal world. You think I wanted to harm you? But you are truly loyal, you were willing to sacrifice yourself, and give everything to me.”


 The pinkish red spirit snake’s eyes were shining, it had deep admiration towards Fang Yuan: “Hiss hiss hiss!”


 “Wow, my master is so amazing, master’s talent is higher than heaven! I am truly so blessed to have a master like you.”


 Fang Yuan’s will nodded in agreement: “Alright, even though I have created a secret art to annex immortal apertures of others, this is the first time I used it. How much control do you have over this rock beach?”


 The spirit snake answered: “Same as before, master, master, you are so amazing!”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s will pondered, before saying: “Then, little spirit snake, can you control any other areas?”


 The spirit snake tried and shook its head: “No master, I cannot.”


 “It can only control its original territory huh...” Fang Yuan’s will thought and said: “Then, can you try and leave this rock beach?”


 The spirit snake was very obedient, it immediately tried.


 Unfortunately, as Fang Yuan had predicted, it could not leave the rock beach at all.


 “Thus, the little spirit snake can only manage this rock beach in the future...” Fang Yuan felt a slight pity.


 He lacked a capable individual to manage the sovereign immortal aperture for him. Earlier, he had hoped that there would be someone like Little Hu Immortal to manage the place for him.


 After all, the sovereign immortal aperture was just too big, Fang Yuan’s divine sense needed time to just look over it completely, it was a hassle to manage. It used up a lot of his time and energy over typical days.


 The appearance of the pinkish red spirit snake was a somewhat unexpected and joyful surprise.


 Fang Yuan had wanted to let it manage the sovereign immortal aperture for him, but now it seemed, forget about the sovereign immortal aperture, it could not even manage the whole of Mini Northern Plains.


 Because it could only move around in its original territory.


 “Forget it. This rock beach can be taken care of by the pinkish red spirit snake, it can sense any issues immediately if they occur. Why must I be unsatisfied?”


 Fang Yuan quickly got over it and continued thinking calmly.


 The pinkish red spirit snake was not destroyed, it still existed, this was just one aspect that shocked Fang Yuan.


 The other aspect was in dao marks.


 “I annexed Han Dong blessed land, but I actually absorbed all of the dao marks of the blessed land, what is going on?” Fang Yuan was puzzled.


 According to the logic of the Gu Immortal world, when Gu Immortals annex immortal apertures, the dao marks they gain would be greatly reduced from the total amount.


 But Fang Yuan obtained everything!


 Before annexing the blessed land, Fang Yuan had used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to inspect the number of dao marks in Han Dong blessed land. Its transformation path dao marks were the highest in number, about seven thousand, followed by water and earth path dao marks, about a thousand each. Time path, space path, fire path, and other dao marks were mixed in and varied in numbers, some were less than a hundred, some were a few hundred.


 These dao marks were all absorbed by Fang Yuan. As Han Dong blessed land completely fused with him, it became a part of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Results by testing with perceivable dao Immortal Gu proved this point.


 “I kind of understand why.” Fang Yuan thought for a while, realizing something.


 What caused this situation was very likely to be the trait of non-conflicting dao marks that the sovereign immortal body had!


 Ordinary Gu Immortals, even those of the ten extreme physiques, when annexing immortal apertures, would face conflicts between different dao marks. The Gu Immortal’s dao marks were like the owners of the house. And the annexed dao marks were like guests.


 If guests want to enter the house and refuse to leave, even attempting to become the new owners of the house, the original owners would chase them away.


 Eventually, the original owners will take in a batch of guests that they like, and these guests would suit the nature of the owners, they would be of the same path. As for the other paths’ dao marks, they would be chased out, few of them could enter the house and become new owners.


 But Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body was different.


 This house was open and invited any guest to stay. Because dao marks did not conflict, the original owner could allow any newcomer to stay without any issues!


 “It is all encompassing. Not only are dao marks non-conflicting, even land spirits can be taken in, it is like the huge world outside, there is nothing it cannot contain.” Fang Yuan suddenly felt a trace of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s incredible fortitude and resolution.


 The sovereign immortal body was formed from sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it was deduced by Spectral Soul singlehandedly, expending a great amount of time, effort, and resources, eventually refined through great danger.


 This Immortal Gu was the embodiment of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s beliefs and mindset.


 Fang Yuan could not help but praise internally: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable reached the apex through killing, he created soul path and was invincible in the world. But after he died, his soul went to the door of life and death, he went a step further and broke the limits he faced during his lifetime, reaching a state of being akin to that of a sea which all rivers flow into, becoming an all-encompassing being, he was truly incredible!”


 Non-conflicting dao marks made Fang Yuan’s body very fragile, but the advantages greatly outweighed the disadvantages.


 Fang Yuan could use strong defensive methods to negate this weakness. But the great benefits it brought could not be replicated through other means!


 After annexing Han Dong blessed land, Fang Yuan’s final gain was also his main objective — skipping calamities and tribulations.


 He succeeded.


 Originally, his sixth earthly calamity was impending.


 But after annexing Han Dong blessed land, not only was the sixth earthly calamity skipped, the countdown until the next calamity, and he even jumped forward by four calamities.


 “I have already passed five earthly calamities, with the sixth coming soon. Now that I skipped four, I have already passed the ninth earthly calamity, and my first heavenly tribulation would be next!”


 Gu Immortals pass tribulations time and time again, it is like they were obtaining the acknowledgement of heaven and earth.


 The achievements of predecessors would be enjoyed by the person who annexed their immortal aperture.


 Even though Fang Yuan was not very clear on the reasoning behind this, it was proven countless times in history by many Gu Immortals: Annexing other people’s blessed lands would allow one to skip their tribulations.


 This was also a way to undergo tribulations, but in actuality, there were huge restrictions and tough conditions to meet.


 And the disadvantages were not small.


 “Sigh, after annexing this strength path immortal aperture, even though I gained a lot, I lost a lot of future potential in exchange for the current gains.” Inside Southern Border’s Jade Pot Mountain, Hei Lou Lan had also annexed an immortal aperture.


 But her expression was very gloomy.



***
Chapter 1186 - Ice Soul Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Even though Hei Lou Lan obtained a lot of resources, and her greatest weakness was alleviated, her gains in dao mark were very little.


 Making an estimation, it was less than thirty percent of the immortal aperture’s dao marks.


 She skipped more than ten calamities and tribulations directly.


 This was an immeasurable loss to Hei Lou Lan!


 Because of her having one of the ten extreme physiques, every time she underwent tribulation, it would be extremely strong. Fortune and disaster came together, whenever she succeeded in passing the tribulation, the dao marks that she gained would be much greater in number.


 More than ten calamities and tribulations, it was not just earthly calamities, but a heavenly tribulation as well!


 Considering this, her losses were huge.


 Even though undergoing tribulation was a dangerous thing, for a bold and fierce character like Hei Lou Lan, she was not afraid of difficulties, she was only afraid of being ordinary.


 “Even if I am unwilling, what can I do? I am stuck deep in the abyss, it is not up to me...” Hei Lou Lan sighed internally.


 Ying Wu Xie observed her appearance, seeing Hei Lou Lan’s gloomy expression, he smiled internally as he said: “Alright, let’s continue traveling.”


 The group passed the icy tunnel, getting even deeper into the mountain.


 Eventually, they arrived in front of a wall of ice.


 Through the white wall of ice, the immortals could see countless hearts inside.


 These hearts were blue, there were about at least a thousand of them.


 Bai Ning Bing did not know of them.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng screamed: “Oh heavens, these are ice hearts, they are all ice hearts.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression also changed: “Not just ice hearts, there are twin ice hearts, the latter is a rank seven immortal material, and in such quantity.”


 Even the normally quiet Shi Nu gasped: “Unimaginable, Jade Pot Mountain actually has such an abundance of wealth. If Southern Border’s Gu Immortals knew about this, a storm would be whipped up, in order to fight for these ice hearts, they would fight until rivers of blood flowed!”


 Jade Pot Mountain was not uninhabited, there was a village on the mountain, with the surname Yu.


 Jade Pot Mountain produced jade stones and jade Gu, Yu clan village relied on these resources for survival.


 Among mortal forces, Yu clan village, which had many rank five Gu Masters, was very powerful. But to Gu Immortals, they were not worth mentioning.


 Who could have thought that Jade Pot Mountain, controlled by a mortal force, could have such a quantity of rare immortal materials stacked together!


 Ying Wu Xie sighed deeply: “Jade Pot Mountain is nothing special on the surface, it is easy to ignore. Even my Shadow Sect also found this place due to a fortuitous encounter. But the ice hearts formed naturally here are not so high in quantity. My Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had secretly set up a Gu formation to turn this place into a Gu breeding ground.”


 “In the past, this place had nurtured ice heart Gu, but they had been taken away. There is still one ice heart Immortal Gu here, it was not ready earlier, but now it has completely formed. Bai Ning Bing, come here and retrieve this wild Immortal Gu using the method I taught you.”


 “Alright!” Bai Ning Bing said without hesitation.


 She took large steps ahead.


 Next, using Ying Wu Xie’s instructions, she stretched out both hands and placed them on the wall of ice, which was covered in frost energy.


 Without using any defensive methods, Bai Ning Bing’s hands were completely frozen, frost energy assaulted her as a thick layer of frost formed on her arms.


 Hei Lou Lan saw this and raised her eyebrows.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to speak, he had an expression of pity.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled lightly, Shi Nu was expressionless, not saying a word.


 Bai Ning Bing endured the intense pain as frost energy traveled through her body from her arms, soon, she felt her body turning stiff, even her mind was becoming frozen.


 The intense threat of death assaulted her in both body and mind.


 But she was unmoved.


 Inside her clear blue eyes, a firm, determined gaze could be seen, she was even more stubborn and cold than this ice wall.


 “Endure it!”


 “Even if I die, it is nothing much.”


 “Hmph, dying from frost like this, it is interesting too isn’t it...”


 “Furthermore! Shadow Sect suffered a huge blow, they need manpower. Ying Wu Xie tried so hard to recruit me, how could he let me die like this?”


 As expected, a change occurred in front of Bai Ning Bing.


 Inside the wall of ice, the blue ice hearts were shaking together, the vibrations were small initially, but got more intense with time.


 More than ten breaths of time later, the wall of ice made a loud sound, cracks were forming before the immortals’ eyes. Soon, they were covering the wall of ice like a spider web, one of the cracks went deep into the interior of the wall.


 The aura of Immortal Gu leaked out.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng almost wanted to help out.


 This was a wild Immortal Gu, it was very hard to catch, if they did not take action now, it would be too late!


 But Ying Wu Xie was unmoved, he watched silently.


 Since he kept motionless, Hei Lou Lan and Shi Nu also did not act.


 Bai Ning Bing could not move.


 She was completely frozen, frost energy had permeated her entire body, she was close to death.


 But this person who was dying greatly attracted that wild Immortal Gu which had broken out of the ice.


 This wild Immortal Gu flew over slowly, entering Bai Ning Bing’s hold.


 In the immortals’ vision, this Immortal Gu was about the size of a baby’s fist, resembling a spider with a white body and eight claws, as well as a back with blue flowery markings that showed the appearance of a vengeful ghost screaming.


 Rank six ice soul Immortal Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing focused her mind, opening her phantom aperture’s entrance.


 Ice soul Immortal Gu directly flew in.


 When the phantom aperture’s entrance closed, Ying Wu Xie immediately acted, healing Bai Ning Bing’s injuries, dragging her back from the edge of death.


 “Good, ice soul Immortal Gu is already in your aperture, it has nowhere to escape, refining it will be extremely easy.” Ying Wu Xie clapped and smiled.


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze shined, she suddenly spoke: “I understand, this ice soul Immortal Gu has a close connection to Bai Ning Bing. Because Bai Ning Bing has the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique!”


 “Indeed, the aura of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique has an intense attraction to ice soul Immortal Gu. Thus, I asked Bai Ning Bing to capture it without using any defensive methods. It was to completely release the aura of the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique without any concealment!” Ying Wu Xie nodded, explaining.


 “But if Bai Ning Bing’s vitality was too high, the wild ice soul Immortal Gu would hesitate. Thus, only when Bai Ning Bing was on the verge of death, would ice soul Immortal Gu feel that she was no threat and go towards her automatically.”


 “So that’s it.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng realized.


 “Lord Fang Yuan is so wise!” The loyal Shi Nu also said.


 “Hahaha.” Ying Wu Xie raised his head and laughed: “My Shadow Sect is huge and has many resources, being with me will give you all great benefits. Like this wall of ice, my Shadow Sect had spent a thousand years mimicking a natural environment, creating this Gu refinement ground.”


 “The cultivation methods that my Shadow Sect has are unimaginable to all of you. If you aptitude is low, we will raise it. If you have few dao marks, we will increase them. Everything is possible.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s heart shook.


 Ying Wu Xie’s final words were clearly directed at her.


 “This fellow, he has learned how to be a true leader, he is really improving rapidly.” Before Hei Lou Lan could continue thinking, Ying Wu Xie waved his hand: “We’re leaving! Next, we will take over Bai Xiang grotto-heaven!”


 Northern Plains.


 “I skipped too few calamities and tribulations.” Fang Yuan sighed, he was not happy about this.


 At almost the same time as Hei Lou Lan, who was unhappy over her major losses, wanting to skip as few calamities and tribulations as possible.


 Fang Yuan sighed, the number of calamities and tribulations skipped did not match his expectations.


 If possible, he wanted to be a rank seven Gu Immortal at the very next moment!


 The endless number of battles in Hei Fan grotto-heaven made Fang Yuan realize his biggest flaw. His cultivation level was too low, his green grape immortal essence was not efficient.


 As Fang Yuan’s identity got more complex, the dangers he faced also became greater.


 In the past, Fang Yuan could control the future well, because he was alone. Now that he had many alliance agreements, he could not help himself.


 And with the trip to Eastern Sea, he did not manage to exterminate Shadow Sect, the growth of Ying Wu Xie and the rest made Fang Yuan feel immense pressure.


 Thus, he would rather sacrifice his future potential and raise his battle strength rapidly.


 “Without the present, how can there be a future?”


 “Potential is good, but to have room for development, one needs to spend time.”


 “The true attitude for cultivation is to be practical, everything is for the sake of our present reality.”


 Fang Yuan’s losses were even more severe than Hei Lou Lan’s, but he did not feel any pity or loss, he had a resolute and determined gaze.


 “But, Han Dong had already gone through two heavenly tribulations and more than twenty earthly calamities. I annexed his immortal aperture, but I only progressed by four earthly calamities.”


 “Is this because the sovereign immortal aperture is too big, the effect of skipping calamities and tribulations from annexing immortal apertures is not very evident?”


 Fang Yuan thought about it from all angles, he felt that the sovereign immortal aperture was the cause.


 Rank six Gu Immortals face an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every one hundred years. After three hundred years, after three heavenly tribulations, they would become rank seven.


 During this process, if it was split into three, Fang Yuan was nearly one-third done.


 “This is not fast enough, I need to hit rank seven as soon as possible, it would give me a huge boost in battle strength in terms of sustainability! Financially, I will also grow rapidly.”


 “If only Han Dong blessed land is not enough, I will have to annex more immortal apertures.”


 “Even though the gains in dao marks cannot compare to undergoing tribulation myself, I can save a lot of time, I can deal with challenges and dangers from all aspects more easily now.”


 “Furthermore, when annexing blessed lands, I get all of their dao marks without any losses. Even though it is still a loss, I just need to kill some Gu Immortals to make up for it!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan had a ruthless light flashing in his eyes.


 After uncovering another advantage of the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan discovered a new way to cultivate.


 His original method was to go with the natural flow, undergoing tribulations and obtaining a great number of dao marks and true meaning. But this method was too slow, his battle strength rose slowly, what grew the most was his immortal aperture’s foundation. It was not suited for Fang Yuan, it would only make his situation more dangerous.


 Currently, Fang Yuan was going to use the method of annexing immortal apertures and skipping calamities and tribulations, to rapidly raise his cultivation level. When his cultivation level rises, his battle strength would also rise. Fang Yuan would use his new battle strength to kill more enemies and annex their apertures, to avoid undergoing tribulation himself, it could also allow his immortal aperture’s foundation to grow, and he would gain dao marks as well.


 This method allowed Fang Yuan’s battle strength to grow at the fastest speed, but his immortal aperture’s foundation would increase more slowly. But it was suited for Fang Yuan’s situation, it allowed him to have a better chance at survival!


 Both cultivation methods could create a cycle of benefits for him, they just had their own advantages and strengths.



***
Chapter 1187 - Fang Yuan’s Cultivation Opportunity


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Immortal killer move — Days Pass Like Years!


 Countless Gu worms flew in the sky, expending green grape immortal essence as a grand light filled the entire sovereign immortal aperture.


 Splash splash splash.


 The tributary of the River of Time in the sovereign immortal aperture showed its true form, it could be seen with the naked eye.


 Under the power of days pass like years, this tributary of the River of Time shrank, the river surface became thinner.


 “Huff—!”


 Letting out a breath, Fang Yuan finally relaxed.


 “I succeeded, the immortal aperture’s rate of time has greatly slowed down. The interval between my calamities and tribulations have lengthened drastically.” After confirming that the killer move succeeded, Fang Yuan retracted all of his concentration.


 Right now, he was inside his cloud city in Lang Ya blessed land.


 After annexing Han Dong blessed land, Fang Yuan immediately returned.


 Tai Qiu was too dangerous, while Fang Yuan’s Dark Limit had a time-limited effect, heaven’s will was plotting to kill Fang Yuan at all times.


 Now that his immortal aperture time was slowed down, the following calamities and tribulations were far away.


 Fang Yuan felt relaxed all of a sudden, his pressure diminished.


 He had undergone careful consideration before making this decision. Since he changed his cultivation method, he did not need to undergo tribulations so frequently. Annexing blessed lands could allow him to skip calamities and tribulations, this effect had nothing to do with the rate of time in his own blessed land.


 The most important thing now were blessed lands.


 Where could he find more blessed lands?


 Fang Yuan first thought of Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land in Central Continent.


 But soon, he disregarded this unrealistic idea.


 It was impossible!


 Central Continent was a dangerous territory, the ten ancient sects along with Heavenly Court, which had deeper foundation than Longevity Heaven, would want nothing more than to kill Fang Yuan.


 Like how Ying Wu Xie and the rest fled from Central Continent, for Fang Yuan, it was also a death zone.


 Some time ago, Star Form blessed land faced its calamities and tribulations, the land spirit wrote to Fang Yuan, sobbing while asking for help, Fang Yuan ignored it, only sending some mortal Gu and immortal essence to the land spirit, asking it to save itself.


 Star Form blessed land was in such straits, the exposed Hu Immortal blessed land was even more out of the question.


 Fang Yuan thought of Luo Po Valley.


 Or more accurately, the location that Luo Po Valley was previously at.


 There was an intense battle at Luo Po Valley, with Feng Jiu Ge leading the Central Continent Gu Immortals to fight against Shadow Sect’s Northern Plains branch with Qin Bai Sheng as the leader, they went through an intense battle, with victory going to the Central Continent Gu Immortals in the end.


 At Luo Po Valley’s original location, there were many Gu Immortals’ blessed lands.


 “These blessed lands are in Northern Plains, can I go over and take them?”


 This was an alluring idea, but Fang Yuan hesitated for a while, and soon after, he gave up on this option as well.


 Because this choice carried great risks.


 Even though this battle was hidden and the Gu Immortals of Northern Plains did not know about it, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court knew about it, as well as Shadow Sect themselves.


 After Gu Immortals die, blessed lands or grotto-heavens would be formed outside.


 These blessed lands or grotto-heavens contain the resources accumulated by the Gu Immortals over their lifetimes, no matter how affluent a force was, they would try all ways to reclaim these resources.


 “Since Central Continent could send people to Northern Plains for investigation of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s collapse, then they can naturally send others to reclaim those blessed lands.”


 “And Shadow Sect too, would want to take these blessed lands back.”


 “I did not go there earlier, there is no way I am going there now.”


 Fang Yuan’s decision was very wise.


 Because right now, the person secretly helping Central Continent to reclaim these immortal apertures was the rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian!


 If Fang Yuan was blindly hopeful and went there on his own, Prince Feng Xian would probably laugh even in his sleep, seeing how Fang Yuan went to him on his own without any effort exerted.


 Fang Yuan thought of Eastern Sea next.


 Eastern Sea’s turbulent flow sea area, at its center, there were islands in bubbles.


 One of the islands contained the secluded domain of heaven and earth, City Well, and inside City Well, there were lots of Gu Immortals’ blessed lands.


 These Gu Immortals were all slammed to death by Fang Yuan using the effect of City Well to amplify giant hand’s power. He even went inside these blessed lands at the moment they were placed down, and went inside to scavenge for resources.


 The most alluring one was Ding Qi blessed land.


 Ding Qi was a blood path rank seven Gu Immortal, he self-detonated before dying, not leaving any resources, Immortal Gu, or soul for Fang Yuan, but his immortal aperture remained.


 Even though Fang Yuan could annex his immortal aperture, he did not do so on the spot.


 Firstly, Ding Qi blessed land’s land spirit had a difficult requirement for ownership, it needed Fang Yuan to complete the blood path Immortal Gu recipe of ‘Blood Revenge’. If Fang Yuan still had the light of wisdom, he could rapidly complete this. But now, wisdom Gu could not be used, and blood revenge Immortal Gu was less than ten percent complete, if Fang Yuan wanted to complete this Immortal Gu recipe, even with his blood path grandmaster attainment level, he would need to spend a lot of time and effort on it, the cost was not worth the gain.


 And secondly, Fang Yuan’s previous cultivation method placed emphasis on potential. He went through tribulations one by one, if he annexed Ding Qi blessed land, it would go against his plan.


 But now was different.


 Firstly, Fang Yuan did not achieve his goal in this Eastern Sea trip, even though he weakened Ying Wu Xie and gang, he did not kill them once and for all. Fang Yuan had a deep understanding of Ying Wu Xie, their development speed surpassed his, the next time they met, he would be on the defensive.


 There was also the variant human alliance, Hei Fan grotto-heaven’s contest, joining Chu Sect, and the Crazed Demon Agreement that was coming soon, his status was getting more complex. Fang Yuan felt trapped inside a vortex, in lots of situations, he could not do what he wanted, the alliance agreements were restricting his freedom.


 Times were different now, as the situation continued to change, Fang Yuan realized he too needed to change.


 His cultivation experiences in the five hundred years of his previous life gave him keen instinct towards how he should continue his future developments, as well as impending threats.


 He had a strong feeling that if he did not make a change, the future was going to be very bleak!


 Realizing the sovereign immortal aperture’s special trait in annexing blessed lands was just such an opportunity.


 “I am a blood path grandmaster, annexing a rank seven blessed land is not a problem in terms of attainment level. But a smaller immortal aperture cannot devour a bigger one, what does the bigger here mean?”


 If it referred to cultivation level, Fang Yuan’s rank six immortal aperture could not annex the rank seven Ding Qi blessed land.


 But if it referred to the immortal aperture’s foundation, then the sovereign immortal aperture could definitely devour the rank seven Ding Qi blessed land easily!


 Fang Yuan needed an answer to this question.


 It was not hard to get, he just needed to try.


 “But other than that, there is another problem, the land spirit’s acknowledgment.”


 “The acknowledgement of Ding Qi land spirit is quite difficult to get, I can’t satisfy it currently. But if I attempt to use force, the land spirit would be destroyed, and the blessed land would be destroyed as well, creating the winds of assimilation.”


 “When these winds of assimilation blow in City Well, will it implicate the other immortal apertures? Will it destroy City Well directly?”


 Fang Yuan had thought about this problem back in Eastern Sea.


 Thus, he did not forcefully attempt to get those blessed lands.


 To destroy the land spirit while keeping the blessed land intact, it would need to absorb a fragment of the immemorial nine heavens.


 But only grotto-heavens could absorb fragments of the immemorial nine heavens.


 Like Hei Fan grotto-heaven, even though Fang Yuan destroyed the heavenly spirit, it still existed. It was because this grotto-heaven world had absorbed a fragment of the immemorial nine heavens.


 But that was not the case for land spirits.


 And the turbulent flow sea area was far away in Eastern Sea, taking a journey there and back would use a lot of Fang Yuan’s time. Heaven’s will might even be plotting to prevent Fang Yuan from obtaining City Well.


 Fang Yuan thought about it carefully, he found another problem limiting his annexing of immortal apertures.


 It was attainment level.


 Fang Yuan was not Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, the latter had high attainment levels in every path, he could easily absorb blessed lands into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 But Fang Yuan could not.


 “Or rather, Shadow Sect refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu in order to devour immortal apertures?”


 Fang Yuan realized that if he did not take sovereign immortal fetus Gu, and allowed Spectral Soul to revive.


 Then his development would be at an incredibly shocking speed!


 He had the most bloodthirsty nature among the venerables, he had many killer moves, after killing Gu Immortals, he could either take their main path’s dao marks and give up on the immortal aperture to raise his dao mark foundation, or annex the immortal aperture and skip calamities and tribulations, resetting the counting of his impending tribulation.


 The two methods could be used in conjunction in the most efficient way.


 “No wonder Spectral Soul managed to succeed in my previous life!”


 “No wonder heaven’s will tried all means possible to send me to the past and stop him.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s gaze subconsciously moved towards the south.


 Towards the direction of Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan knew that the giant dream realm was there, a trace of Spectral Soul’s remnant soul was there, it was the target that Ying Wu Xie and the rest were desperately trying to save.


 “Attainment level... dream realm... Southern Border!” Fang Yuan’s body shook, he suddenly thought of something.


 The thoughts in his mind became extremely clear at this moment.


 “The cultivation opportunity I need is in Southern Border. It is there...”


 Snowy Mountain, first peak.


 The refinement path Gu formation was still activated.


 Lady Wan Shou was energetic, appearing in front of Ma Hong Yun again.


 Ma Hong Yun saw her and his hair stood on end, he screamed: “You are here to shock me again, you want to shock me again!”


 “Good that you know.” Lady Wan Shou smiled, pushing the lightning ball in her hand towards him.


 “Ahhhh!” Ma Hong Yun was twitching from the pain, his eyes rolled back but he did not foam saliva from his mouth.


 At the same time, his voice was very clear, if one listened closely, it was rhythmic.


 All in all, he lasted for a while before fainting.


 “His cultivation level rose again? Also, he lasted thirty percent longer this time against the lightning refinement.” Lady Wan Shou frowned as she observed.


 From the eyes, nose, and ears, blood was flowing out.


 This was the backlash of Gu refinement.


 But Lady Wan Shou had experienced it many times, she was used to this backlash. Her healing process was also very rapid and efficient.


 “It is a bit troublesome. The more times Ma Hong Yun undergoes lightning refinement, the stronger his resistance, and the more likely this crucial step is to fail. What should I do? Change the refinement method? No! If I change the method now, I will need to change the entire Immortal Gu recipe. Half of the materials we found earlier would be unusable. Snowy Mountain cannot bear such a cost anymore.”


 Lady Wan Shou sighed to herself, feeling extremely worried.



***
Chapter 1188 - Crazed Demon Agreement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Some days later.


 Northern Plains, Crazed Demon Cave.


 “Liu Guan Yi, we have been waiting for you!” Not Immortal came to the first layer, welcoming Fang Yuan and Chu Du.


 The three conversed as they got deeper into the cave.


 Fang Yuan discovered that the route this time was slightly different from the previous time he came here.


 “Are the demonic sounds recently very frequent?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “They are getting more frequent now. Thus, our travel route also has to be modified. Once the demonic sounds start, dao marks will go into chaos. Not only will the desolate beasts go crazy, the terrain will also change.” Not Immortal explained.


 A moment later, they saw Pang Shan.


 Pang Shan woke up from his slumber, his eyes opened slightly: “You are here again, Brother Chu.”


 He seemed to have a good relationship with Chu Du.


 Next, he looked at Fang Yuan: “Brother Liu, I know about your capabilities, let’s talk in depth after the Crazed Demon Agreement.”


 Fang Yuan asked: “How will we establish the Crazed Demon Agreement?”


 “We will need to go down to the third last layer, I can’t move easily, I will not go with you.” Pang Shan said vaguely, his explanation was as good as nothing.


 “Follow me.” Not Immortal continued to lead the way.


 The three immortals continued to go down, the deeper they went, the more turns they had to make, sometimes, the straight distance seemed to be short, but they had to make a long detour.


 “Believe me, detours are much faster than walking straight in this place.” Not Immortal smiled.


 Chu Du nodded, pointing out to Fang Yuan: “When we get there, don’t be too surprised.”


 Fang Yuan felt some curiosity and anticipation.


 A while later, through a cavern entrance, Fang Yuan officially stepped into the third last layer of Crazed Demon Cave.


 His vision was covered by bright glorious lights.


 All sorts of colors were emanated from the rocks, soil, and grass in this place.


 Fang Yuan sucked in a deep breath: “This, these are all lights of dao marks! Only quasi-rank nine immortal materials can radiate such lights. The dao marks here are so dense that every piece of soil and rock is a quasi-rank nine immortal material?!”


 Not Immortal laughed: “Brother Liu makes sense, but these immortal materials have chaotic dao marks, they cannot be used.”


 Chu Du saw Fang Yuan’s shock and smiled: “Back then, when I first came here, I suffered the same shock.”


 Not Immortal ended his laughter: “The dao marks here are extremely dense, it is not as simple as just emitting the lights of dao marks! There is almost a state of a battlefield killer move in here, moving here is extremely difficult, Brother Liu, why don’t you try?”


 Fang Yuan quickly shook his head: “Not Immortal, since you say this, I will believe you. No need to try.”


 Not Immortal looked at Chu Du, smiling: “Brother Liu is smarter than a certain person. Back then, he refused to believe it, he wanted to charge in, I could not change his mind and in the end, he suffered a lot.”


 Chu Du rubbed his nose, admitting to Fang Yuan: “Not Immortal is talking about me, I spent three years to recover from that injury. Don’t look down at the dao marks here. This place is extremely dangerous, each step you take is precarious! I’ll teach you a secret, try to get close to the dao marks of your own path, that can make your traveling easier, and face the least obstruction.”


 Not Immortal nodded: “That is true, I am a rule path Gu Immortal, I have to try walking on places with more rule path dao marks.”


 “And I cultivate strength path, I need to get close to the strength path dao marks, thus, in the following journey, we cannot help you, you have to walk on your own, Brother Liu.” Chu Du said with concern.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 Not Immortal stepped forward first: “I will go first, Brother Liu, watch carefully.”


 Fang Yuan concentrated as he looked.


 Not Immortal’s every step was very vigilant, the first ten steps were very easy, he could move calmly, but after ten steps, it became difficult. After twenty steps, his movements were stiff, it was like a formless force was weighing on him. After thirty steps, Not Immortal was perspiring profusely, at the forty-second step, he stopped for the first time, breathing roughly as he turned to ask Fang Yuan: “Brother Liu, did you manage to watch that?”


 Chu Du laughed: “Not Immortal! Stop acting, you are clearly unable to continue, you still tried to ask Brother Liu a question to conceal the fact that you stopped.”


 Not Immortal was exposed, he was embarrassed and snapped: “Oh Chu Du, I want to see how many steps you can take? Can you go as far as me!”


 Chu Du snorted: “Would I be afraid of you, watch closely!”


 Before he finished his words, he took large steps forward on the dao marks in the area.


 Initially, his speed was faster than Not Immortal, he moved like a dragon or tiger, Not Immortal’s expression was dark.


 But soon, Chu Du took a wrong step and the light of dao marks below him burst out, Chu Du grunted, his body shook as he spat out a mouthful of blood on the spot.


 He was heavily injured, his momentum was lost but he did not stop, Chu Du endured his injuries as he continued to walk step by step, as slow as a snail.


 Eventually, he took thirty-eight and thirty-nine steps, by the fortieth step, he could no longer continue.


 His final burst of strength was used up.


 He stopped.


 “I could not compare to you after all.” Chu Du wiped the blood from his mouth, sighing.


 Not Immortal was very shocked, he stared at Chu Du with wide eyes: “Domination Immortal, you actually improved so much since last time! I am ashamed, I have stayed in Crazed Demon Cave for so long, I have walked along this place hundreds of times more than you, I have such a huge advantage but I only managed to take forty-two steps.”


 Chu Du laughed: “Alright, don’t flatter me. I know you did not use your full strength, you are trying to salvage my face?”


 Not Immortal did not deny it, he chuckled: “Even so, your improvement is beyond my imagination. You are truly a genius at strength path cultivation, Domination Immortal... indeed, as the saying goes, titles are never wrong.”


 Chu Du laughed heartily, waving his hand: “Alright, let’s stop the flattery, next, we will see Brother Liu’s performance.”


 The two immortals turned around and watched Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Don’t laugh at me when I embarrass myself.”


 “Brother Liu, relax, this is your first time here, you should focus on the feeling of walking here, don’t be obsessed over the number of steps.” Not Immortal said.


 Chu Du laughed instead: “Haha, don’t worry brother Liu, I will remember your pathetic state later. I walked twenty-two steps when I first came here, if you cannot beat me, I will laugh at you forever. Haha!”


 Fang Yuan laughed too, it was a harmonious scene.


 But in truth, he understood internally: “These two are purposely probing me.”


 “Even though Chu Du recommended me, they are not confident in my ability to explore this place, thus they created this situation.”


 “They are working together, purposely asking me to walk alone, they want to probe my foundation.”


 “If I perform too poorly, and am of no help to them, they might not even set the Crazed Demon Agreement with me!”


 Involving Limitless Demon Venerable and the secret of eternal life, Fang Yuan made up his mind to put up a good show, to display his strength for Not Immortal and Chu Du.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with a mysterious light, he breathed in deeply and firmly stood on the ground as he took a step forward.


 He chose the route with the most transformation path dao marks.


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 “Haha.” Chu Du observed his expression and laughed at the same time as Fang Yuan’s changing expression: “Brother Liu, watching alone is useless, can you feel the pressure already?”


 Fang Yuan felt extremely mystified on the inside, but he showed no flaws on his expression.


 He did not answer Chu Du, he kept quiet and continued walking forward.


 One step, two steps, three steps... like this, Fang Yuan took more than ten steps forward.


 Fang Yuan’s weird feeling intensified: “What is going on? Why do I feel no obstruction? I have already taken more than ten steps, it feels like I am walking on normal ground.”


 This was not normal.


 Fang Yuan soon guessed that the situation was caused by his sovereign immortal body.


 “Chu Du and Not Immortal face pressure because of the conflicting dao marks. There are a lot of dao marks here, while the Gu Immortals also have a lot of dao marks in their bodies.”


 “So even though they took one step at a time, walking on paths with rule path or strength path dao marks, the surrounding dao marks are nearby and will still pressure and reject them.”


 “But I am different, the dao marks here are not immortal killer moves, they have no offensive power, they cannot influence me!”


 “Of course, this is just my guess, the truth might not be like this.”


 Fang Yuan thought as he continued walking, taking a few more steps ahead.


 Not Immortal and Chu Du’s expressions changed mildly.


 “This Liu Guan Yi is so strong!” Not Immortal was extremely shocked.


 “He is almost at the twentieth step, he can still move so calmly, the first time I came, every step was difficult, I had to exert all my effort, it was a pathetic sight!” Chu Du recalled his own experience, compared to the situation in front of him, his pride and self confidence was taking a huge beating.


 A thought appeared in his mind uncontrollably: “Don’t tell me, this Liu Guan Yi is an even greater genius in cultivating transformation path compared to me and strength path? He has even higher attainment level?”


 Actually, Fang Yuan was trying his best to conceal himself.


 He pretended to be panting, like he was very tired.


 But his acting was in reference to Chu Du and Not Immortal earlier. They had gone through this many times, they were experienced, they could maintain their composure.


 Even though Fang Yuan showed a pathetic sight, he was just slightly weaker than them.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan stopped at the twentieth step, smiling: “I am about the same as you, Brother Chu.”


 Chu Du looked at Fang Yuan with deep meaning: “Brother Liu, you have not gone all out.”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “I am barely holding on, if I continue, I will start spitting out blood!”


 Chu Du’s smile was even more bitter than his: “I will not lie to Brother Liu, the first time I came here, I started spitting out blood at the tenth step.”



***
Chapter 1189 - Huge Rise in Cultivation Level


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, he realized that his performance had gone overboard.


 But this was just a small mistake, it was not a problem.


 “Let’s continue moving, we can set the alliance agreement before talking more!” Not Immortal smiled, his attitude was much warmer than before.


 Fang Yuan’s earlier performance made Not Immortal’s evaluation of him rise by several levels.


 The three traveled in the land of dao marks with much difficulty.


 As they moved forward, dao marks were denser, the obstruction was greater.


 Of course, this was referring to Not Immortal and Chu Du. But Fang Yuan also faced a lot of difficulty, having to pretend he was having a tough time, so that Chu Du and Not Immortal would not be suspicious of him.


 The three immortals walked and rested, the short journey took them fifteen minutes.


 Eventually, they came to a rock.


 “A newcomer?” The rock suddenly spoke, as smoke rose up from the rock before vanishing.


 The rock had turned into a skinny and short Gu Immortal.


 He had a goatee, he was at the height of Fang Yuan’s knee, and his tiny eyes were shining brilliantly.


 “This is one of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics, wisdom path Gu Immortal Secret Schemer.” Chu Du introduced at an appropriate timing.


 Fang Yuan gasped in his mind: “This person is actually Secret Schemer!”


 He concealed his expression perfectly, acting like he had heard it for the first time, immediately greeting: “Hello, I am Liu Guan Yi of transformation path.”


 A day later.


 “Brother Liu, Brother Chu, you are leaving so soon, aren’t you staying for a few more days?” At the first layer of Crazed Demon Cave, Not Immortal tried to ask them to stay.


 “No.” Chu Du smiled bitterly and rejected: “You also know about Northern Plains’ situation, I recently created Chu Du and allied with Bai Zu tribe. Right now, the righteous path is targeting our lone cultivator sect, they cannot stand us, they are gathering members to deal with us.”


 Not Immortal sighed: “These are external worldly affairs, what is there that you cannot part with. Fame and reputation, will they still remain after death? In >, after Verdant Great Sun died, his soul went to the door of life and death, he stayed in pacifying soul lake as reputation Gu left him. Only eternal life is the worthy goal and pursuit of us Gu Immortals.”


 Chu Du had a determined expression: “I will make sure strength path flourishes, this is a promise I made to someone, if I cannot achieve it, I will not live in peace!”


 Fang Yuan could not help but look at Chu Du.


 This was the first time he had heard Chu Du say his aspiration.


 Chu Du’s expression of sincerity did not seem to be fake.


 “It seems that there is a story behind Chu Du cultivating strength path.” Fang Yuan was thinking about this, when Not Immortal asked him.


 “Brother Liu, you have a lot of potential, why don’t you stay here?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “I came here this time to sign the Crazed Demon Agreement. Now that it is done, I have other matters to settle.”


 Not Immortal actually thought more highly of Fang Yuan.


 Mainly because Fang Yuan’s performance this time left a deep impression on him.


 Fang Yuan was more confident than Not Immortal in this aspect.


 He felt that he could even run freely in the third last layer’s dao mark landscape.


 But if he did that, it would be too shocking, the jaws of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics would drop!


 “I have not seen the bottom and second last layers yet, I cannot assess them. But the third last layer is not a problem. Derivation Gu is at the bottom layer, but with the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics guarding it, I cannot act alone.” Fang Yuan felt it was somewhat of a pity.


 One day, he would return to Crazed Demon Cave, using his advantage to explore the place.


 But now was not the time.


 He had to raise his cultivation level, that was the most important matter.


 As for derivation Gu, even if Fang Yuan obtained it, what use would it have? It was a rank nine Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan thought back to wisdom Gu, he could neither use it, nor would he know how to, it would be a huge burden if he actually obtained it!


 “Other than eternal life, everything else is temporary. Brother Liu, how long would you need?” Not Immortal asked. He did not want to let a useful person like Fang Yuan go.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shined, looking at Chu Du: “Actually, I am a member of Chu Sect, right now the Huang Jin tribes are attacking Chu Sect, I need to help them.”


 Chu Du knew that Fang Yuan was using him as an excuse, but hearing this, he still felt warmed internally.


 “Sigh, you guys... never mind.” Not Immortal saw that he could not convince Fang Yuan and gave up.


 Fang Yuan and Chu Du said goodbye to Not Immortal, before flying towards the sky.


 On the way back, Fang Yuan asked Chu Du about the situation in Northern Plains, as well as the difficulties Chu Sect was currently facing.


 Fang Yuan had also undergone the Crazed Demon Agreement, his relationship with Chu Du had deepened again.


 Chu Du did not conceal it from him, he smiled bitterly: “Right now, I feel great pressure too. Even though Chu Sect allied with Bai Zu tribe, we are against an enemy with tens or hundreds of times our strength! But they are not unified and have their own territories, they can only deploy limited Gu Immortals. And they are in the righteous path, they talk about rules and reputation... we still have a chance.”


 “When are they coming?” Fang Yuan asked the crucial question.


 Chu Du chuckled: “Far from now. Even though they are spreading news everywhere and saying harsh words, they are still far from setting off. These Huang Jin tribes have their own conflicts and disagreements, they need to consider a lot of things, things are not as simple for them as us demonic path members.”


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 Chu Du’s words made him gain even clearer insight and analysis of the current situation in Northern Plains.


 Chu Du looked at Fang Yuan: “This might sound presumptuous, but Brother Liu, your transformation path has already reached great grandmaster attainment level?”


 “What? Not yet.” Fang Yuan replied.


 “Even if you are not a great grandmaster, you are at least quasi-great grandmaster.” Chu Du said with much self confidence.


 Fang Yuan laughed, asking instead: “How did you know?”


 Chu Du chuckled: “I deduced it from your performance with the dao marks. The higher your attainment level, the easier it is to explore Crazed Demon Cave. Not Immortal was shocked by my improvement, that was because I had recently attained a qualitative improvement in my strength path attainment level.”


 Chu Du stared at Fang Yuan, his gaze contained deep meaning.


 Fang Yuan knew that he was trying to ask about the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture.


 After all, Chu Du was only using calamity beckoning Immortal Gu to gain some benefits from Fang Yuan.


 The core method that could draw out Reckless Savage’s true meaning had been kept secret by Fang Yuan, he did not reveal any of it.


 Fang Yuan knew what Chu Du was trying to ask, but he pretended not to know, saying: “Oh, I see.”


 After saying those three words, there was no follow up, they continued traveling quietly.


 Disappointment flashed deep in Chu Du’s eyes.


 He had been desiring immortal tribulation tempering aperture all along, but in this situation, that was no longer the focus.


 Thus, Chu Du asked very vaguely, he knew that a clever person like Fang Yuan would understand what he was trying to say.


 But Fang Yuan replied with three words — oh, I see.


 Chu Du immediately understood, Fang Yuan had rejected him.


 Like how Chu Du asked very subtly, Fang Yuan’s answer was the same.


 “Oh, I see.” It meant that Fang Yuan’s method to draw out true meaning was not for sale, he rejected a transaction.


 “I can only forget about it for now.” Chu Du felt it was a pity, but he was very rational. In this situation, he had to deepen his cooperation with Fang Yuan, he could not worsen their relationship.


 Fang Yuan did not return to Hei Fan grotto-heaven with Chu Du.


 Halfway through the journey, he parted with Chu Du.


 Fang Yuan flew towards the southwest direction, some days later, he landed on an ordinary looking mound.


 “According to Xue Song Zi’s memories, this is the place.” Fang Yuan looked around, confirming that he had arrived at the right place.


 He started to activate his Immortal Gu, after a while, the immortal killer move activated successfully, and he found the location of a blessed land accurately.


 His Immortal Gu and immortal killer move were borrowed from Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. For this, he paid a huge price.


 However, it was completely worth it for Fang Yuan.


 “Found it!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, he summoned the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle carried Fang Yuan and flew in a circle a few times, before piercing through space and bringing him into a new blessed land.


 The owner of this blessed land had cultivated earth path during his life, thus, this blessed land was covered in black rotten mud.


 Many small mud monsters were rolling around here.


 From time to time, a desolate beast giant mud monster would jump up from the soil, like a huge black tidal wave.


 A small mudman with a green strand of grass coming from its head floated and came to Fang Yuan.


 “Bababa.” The small mudman spoke, talking to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan listened and understood what it was saying.


 He could not help but look at the mud below him, muttering: “To become the owner of the blessed land, I need to defeat five desolate beast mud monsters at once? Heh, easy.”


 The acknowledgement requirement of this earth path blessed land was difficult for most rank sixes.


 But for Fang Yuan, it was very simple.


 Fang Yuan was not unfamiliar with earth path, in fact, due to his previous life’s experiences, his earth path attainment level was at master level.


 After annexing this earth path blessed land, his Mini Western Desert gained a huge swamp.


 For the following month, Fang Yuan went around everywhere, finding blessed lands and annexing them.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle displayed immense value, Fang Yuan easily got into blessed lands to explore them.


 The information of these blessed lands was basically obtained from the Gu Immortals souls that Fang Yuan captured.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan, Zheng Ling, Xue Song Zi, and the nine Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, as well as the countless Gu Immortal souls from the turbulent flow sea area, and of course, Hei Cheng who was alive.


 Counting them all, Fang Yuan had a large number of Gu Immortal captives!


 These captives had been soul searched many times, he obtained all of their intel.


 Fang Yuan’s cultivation level rose tremendously, he skipped calamities and tribulations time and time again. The space and resources in the sovereign immortal aperture also increased each time he succeeded, rising time and time again.


 Fang Yuan had long since passed his first heavenly tribulation.


 By the time Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land, in this short period of time, he had already passed two heavenly tribulations, he was a rank six Gu Immortal who was only three earthly calamities away from his third heavenly tribulation!



***
Chapter 1190 - Blood Plain Martial Competition


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Feng Xian grotto-heaven.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian was silently sitting with his eyes shut.


 Flames were burning around him, like clothes fluttering in the sky, they were dazzling and brilliant, dancing like dragons or snakes, extraordinary.


 Right now, Prince Feng Xian opened his mouth, spitting out small pearls of flame.


 The pearls of flame grew with the wind, in a breath of time, they expanded to become orange-red fireballs with the size of a baby’s head.


 The fireballs circled around Prince Feng Xian’s body, flying up and down, left and right.


 Next, Prince Feng Xian opened his mouth again, spitting out another pearl of flame.


 A while later, Prince Feng Xian already had eight fireballs around him, they were flying around, crashing into one another, they moved in a profound trail, circling around Prince Feng Xian endlessly.


 Right at this time, Prince Feng Xian suddenly opened his eyes.


 An unbelievably sharp light burst out from his eyes, it was extremely dazzling.


 Bam bam bam...


 The eight fireballs self-detonated one by one, turning into flickers of flames, dissipating.


 “I failed again, I did not manage to deduce any trace of Fang Yuan.” Prince Feng Xian’s eyes were shining, he stared at the fireballs that were gone.


 If his deduction succeeded, these flames would instantly draw Fang Yuan’s location, as well as what he was doing.


 Evidently, Prince Feng Xian had failed once more.


 He learned nothing.


 “I am not a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all, I was just mimicking wisdom path, I cannot deduce Fang Yuan’s true location.” Prince Feng Xian sighed.


 He was tasked to capture Fang Yuan, but the problem was, he had hidden himself too deeply. Most of the time, he was inside a blessed land and did not come out. As long as blessed lands and grotto-heavens did not absorb fragments of the nine heavens, they would be a completely different world isolated from the five regions, even Fairy Zi Wei cannot deduce anything.


 Prince Feng Xian primarily cultivated fire path, he naturally could not.


 Of course, Fang Yuan would go outside as well.


 But he had familiar face and dark limit Immortal Gu. Together with his dark path dao marks, Fang Yuan could conceal his traces every time he traveled.


 “Lord Feng Xian, Gong tribe is here, they want to meet you.” At this moment, a female Gu Immortal dressed in yellow came to the hall and reported.


 She was beautiful like a flower, she had watery eyes and peach-like lips, she was one of Prince Feng Xian’s two female Gu Immortal attendants — Le Yao.


 “Gong tribe is here? Hmph.” Prince Feng Xian frowned: “Not meeting them.”


 “But Gong tribe’s Gu Immortal brought the Longevity Edict.” Le Yao hesitated.


 Prince Feng Xian smiled lightly: “So what if they have the Longevity Edict? It can control the Huang Jin bloodline, but I am not one of them.”


 Le Yao pouted: “But lord, did you forget, we are now spies inside Northern Plains. You are still a son-in-law of Gong Tribe on the surface, an external supreme elder. If you defy the Longevity Edict openly, would it not be a problem?”


 “Hahaha.” Prince Feng Xian laughed heartily: “Le Yao, you are only half right. Longevity Heaven is not to be underestimated, it is a rank nine grotto-heaven, it has Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s foundation, and is unfathomably deep. It is simply like Central Continent’s Heavenly Court in Northern Plains! But this time, Longevity Heaven sent orders to unite the Huang Jin tribes, all of the righteous path super forces are to attack Bai Zu tribe. This is a unified battle of the Huang Jin tribes against outside forces. The collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the creation of Bai Zu tribe, as well as Chu Sect, have stepped on Longevity Heaven’s bottom line constantly. This time, Longevity Heaven will definitely not ask for my help, Yao Huang is their only choice!”


 Prince Feng Xian analyzed it perfectly, Le Yao’s eyes shone, but she did not understand: “Then why did Gong tribe’s Gu Immortal bring the Longevity Edict here personally?”


 Prince Feng Xian’s eyes shined with cold light: “These people from Gong tribe are trying to falsely use that authority, to use the Longevity Edict and deceive me into helping them. You also know about Gong tribe’s objective, they are still dreaming of becoming the number one righteous path force.”


 “So that’s it. Then we will not meet them!” Le Yao smiled, showing her pearly white teeth, she had a beautiful smile, like the image of spring.


 It was all according to what Prince Feng Xian had analyzed, several days later, the Longevity Edict was passed on to all of the Huang Jin tribes, eventually ending up in Yao Huang’s hands.


 Yao Huang used his old hands to receive the Longevity Edict, sighing deeply to himself.


 “This Longevity Edict still ended up with me after all.”


 To one who heard him mumbling, it may have seemed that Yao Huang was aware all along.


 The truth was that it was an obvious situation.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a rank eight Gu Immortal, if the Northern Plains righteous path forces wanted to deal with Bai Zu tribe, they would need to have a rank eight Gu Immortal to deal with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 On the surface, out of the rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains, other than Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was in the demonic path, Five Elements Grandmaster was a lone immortal and had invaded Longevity Heaven, he was already trapped inside Calamity Luck Altar. Only Prince Feng Xian and Yao Huang were left.


 Prince Feng Xian’s identity was the biggest problem.


 He did not have the Huang Jin bloodline, he was just a son-in-law of Gong tribe!


 If they relied on Prince Feng Xian and defeated Bai Zu tribe, would that not prove Five Elements Grandmaster’s point? The great Huang Jin bloodline, descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, could not rely on themselves to defeat a strong foe?


 Thus, for Longevity Heaven, there was only one person they could choose, the rank eight refinement path Gu Immortal Yao Huang!


 In fact, Yao Huang really did not want to involve himself in this mess.


 Currently, he was very busy trying to refine resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu!


 He was severely interrupted, Yao Huang was in a bad mood.


 Ping.


 A soft sound echoed.


 Yao Huang threw the Longevity Edict onto the table casually.


 “I should go talk to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu first.” Yao Huang sighed, storing his immortal aperture and going to the outside world of Northern Plains, flying into white heaven.


 A moment later, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who received Yao Huang’s invitation, hesitated for a moment, before deciding to meet with Yao Huang and discuss the matter.


 The two rank eight Gu Immortals met in white heaven and talked in secret.


 In fact, they were friends.


 Long ago, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had considered creating Bai Zu tribe, thus, as a lone cultivator, he got very close to Yao Huang.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to be in the righteous path, but there were only two righteous path Gu Immortals, Prince Feng Xian did not originate from the righteous path, he stayed by himself and his relationship with Gong tribe was not good.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could only have a goal of getting close to Yao Huang.


 Afterwards, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang had fought against Old Ancestor Xue Hu together. Even though they lost and caused Old Ancestor Xue Hu’s reputation to surge, this matter had brought Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang closer together.


 Thus, when they met, there was no animosity or anger.


 “Friend, what do you think?” Yao Huang smiled and asked.


 “Sigh, it has gotten to this point, I’ll tell you the truth, I did not expect this.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu waved his hand, he also felt very gloomy about the situation.


 His motive was very simple, he wanted to take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven.


 But to think that Chu Du’s battle strength and wits exceeded Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s expectations, it caused the situation to change and worsen, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could not back out.


 Among which, the rumors and threats regarding Heavenly Lord Bai Zu in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world were all spread by Chu Du and his subordinates.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was aware of this.


 Anyone with a functioning brain knew.


 But now, in fact, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and the culprit of the rumors, Chu Du had allied, to deal with the righteous path forces that he did not want to face.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was also very helpless in the progression of this matter.


 Yao Huang saw Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s expression and deeply understood his feelings, Yao Huang pointed and smiled: “Old friend, do you understand now? It is not easy to be the leader of a righteous path force, in many situations, even as rank eight Gu Immortals, we cannot act freely.”


 “I used to envy your lone cultivator status, I also urged you not to create any righteous path force, do you feel it now?”


 “I feel it. But I have worked hard for so long, it was not easy to get such results, I am not willing to give up just yet.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said openly.


 Yao Huang was silent, before saying: “I do not want to interfere in this matter either, but I cannot help it, Longevity Heaven’s token is already in my hands.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sighed deeply, he felt gladness but also sorrow in his heart.


 He was glad that his relationship with Yao Huang was close enough, but the sad thing was, he and Yao Huang were friends, but they had to fight. Even as rank eight Gu Immortals, they could not decide this for themselves.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sighed deeply: “Then we can only fight now.”


 Yao tribe waved his hand: “This is an eventual matter, we are not in a rush now. Even though I am in charge of this matter, Yao tribe is just one of the righteous path forces, I still have Longevity Heaven overseeing it. They are watching patiently now, even if we fight, we cannot resolve this matter. In my opinion, we should let these juniors fight first, and rile them up.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu pondered and nodded: “Then in that case, let’s decide a date for a martial competition.”


 “Alright.” Yao Huang thought: “Blood Plain is a good choice of location, how about there?”


 “That is good.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu agreed instantly.


 The two Gu Immortals talked for a while, deciding the matter of the Blood Plain martial competition, before leaving white heaven and going back to their tribes.


 They gave their respective instructions on the Blood Plain martial competition.


 At once, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world went into commotion again.


 A new storm was brewing, it faintly swept through the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.


 The Gu Immortals from the Huang Jin tribes were rubbing their hands together in anticipation, they felt that they had sufficient strength to suppress the allied forces of Bai Zu tribe and Chu Sect, they had high morale.


 In terms of foundation, the allied forces of Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe could not match the alliance of the righteous path forces, but they could seek help.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was from the lone cultivator faction, while Chu Du was a famous expert in the demonic path!


 There was still some time until the competition. News of the Blood Plain martial competition had spread, even Central Continent and the other regions heard of it.


 Both sides were gathering strength, the righteous path Huang Jin tribes were choosing carefully, only picking the elites, while Bai Zu tribe and Chu Sect started recruiting for experts to help them, making great preparations.



***
Chapter 1191 - Begging


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, deep in Earth Abyss.


 Delicious wine and food was set out in the garden.


 “Come, Brother Shi, I have heard that you like delicious wine. I have purposely looked for these wines for you to taste.” Gu Immortal Yang Feng sat upright as he stretched out his arm towards his esteemed guest.


 This guest had short white hair and shining golden eyes with sharp light in them, he wore a tight martial uniform and had a blue silver belt, his forearms and knees had dazzling armor.


 He had broad shoulders and a slim waist, he was emitting a valiant aura. But he was half-leaning on the wall and had a casual posture, it lifted a bit of the pressure that he was emitting.


 Gu Immortal Yang Feng was a rank seven transformation path Gu Immortal, an expert in Ancient Soul Sect of the ten great ancient sects, but compared to his guest, he was inferior in fame.


 Because this guest was Shi Lei, he cultivated earth path primarily and transformation path secondarily, he was at the peak of rank seven, he was an expert of Central Continent known as the Immortal Monkey King!


 “Then I will not stand on ceremony.” Shi Lei laughed, he stretched out his arm, lifting the wine vat on the table.


 Breaking the seal, the smell of liquor burst out, it felt like an intense flame had started raging.


 Instantly, in the huge garden, it was filled with the smell of thick alcohol.


 The alcohol was red in color, the vapor gathered around the vat, resembling a bright cloud of flames.


 Shi Lei saw this and became joyful, praising: “Good wine! So this is the legendary red emperor wine. Brother Yang Feng, you could actually get your hands on this, you are quite impressive.”


 Gu Immortal Yang Feng laughed loudly: “I’ll not hide it from Brother Shi, I paid a huge price to obtain it from Ancient Soul Sect’s treasury. Come to speak of it, this was thanks to our ancestor. Three hundred thousand years ago, a Gu Immortal from our sect became friends with a Gu Immortal of Eastern Sea, Wine Emperor, during the Gu refinement path convention, they competed in refining Gu and agreed that whoever won would obtain the loser’s creation. They fought for eighty-one days, having their respective victories, they were closely matched. This red emperor wine was created by Wine Emperor, he had lost it to our ancestor.”


 Ancient Soul Sect of the ten great ancient sects had ancient in its name, true to its name, the sect was very old, having the longest history among the ten great ancient sects.


 Three hundred thousand years ago, that was the Medieval Antiquity Era. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable appeared in succession during this era. A female Gu Immortal, Shui Ni, founded water path and built Spirit Affinity House, it was also during this era.


 “Oh?” Shi Lei was intrigued: “Wine Emperor, I know this person, he was a food path rank eight expert, he was very famous in human history. His entire life’s effort was in the creation of his three sovereign five emperor wines. Legend says that by combining these eight wines, one can obtain the rank eight liquor worm Immortal Gu. Using this Gu, one can turn rank eight white litchi immortal essence into rank nine yellow apricot immortal essence. After this person died, he left his inheritance behind. Currently, there is the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal Zui Xian Weng, who became the one hundred and thirty-seventh inheritor.”


 “Brother Shi, you are so knowledgeable, I am impressed. Cheers!” Yang Feng raised his wine cup.


 Shi Lei waved his hand instead: “Drinking with a cup is not satisfying enough, let’s drink from the vats directly.”


 “Okay, Brother Shi, you are very direct, I will do the same.” Yang Feng patted the table, replying.


 But Shi Lei had just touched the vat when his movements paused, his expression changed as he looked outside.


 An information path Immortal Gu had appeared in the sky above the garden, it was flying around but did not land.


 Shi Lei’s golden eyes shone: “This is an Immortal Gu from my sect, Brother Yang, please let it in.”


 This garden was not normal, it was exquisitely built, grand with white jade tiles, it was oozing with cold air, there were faint dragon roars heard occasionally, this was Ancient Soul Sect’s Immortal Gu House, Frost Dragon Manor!


 Yang Feng manipulated the Immortal Gu House, opening a path for the information path Immortal Gu to fly towards Shi Lei.


 After inspecting it, Shi Lei’s expression changed slightly.


 Yang Feng could not ask about the sect matters, he raised his cup and savored the red emperor wine.


 To think that Shi Lei took the initiative: “Northern Plains Gu Immortals are indeed battle maniacs, Hei tribe was just destroyed, and now they are starting to fight again. This time, the commotion is even bigger. All the Huang Jin tribes are ganging up to deal with the newly established alliance of Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe.”


 “Chu Sect?” Yang Feng was confused.


 “This is a newly created sect, do you know about Northern Plains’ Chu Du?”


 “I know a little, a strength path Gu Immortal, known as Domination Immortal.”


 “That’s right, he created Chu Sect. This person is not to be underestimated, he used Hei Fan grotto-heaven to forcefully resist Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s invasion. He even nurtured many strength path Gu Immortals secretly, he has quite a force.”


 Yang Feng frowned, after absorbing this information, he said: “Strength path is like the setting sun, it is nothing much. But this Chu Sect is probably the first sect in Northern Plains, this Chu Du is so daring!”


 “That’s right.” Shi Lei said: “This is a good show to watch. Both sides have agreed to hold a martial competition. Hehe, Northern Plains is really exciting, they are fighting all the time, why was I not born in Northern Plains.”


 “Cough, cough.”


 Shi Lei patted his own head: “Oh, I nearly forgot. Heavenly Court has orders, we are to go and attack Star Form blessed land now.”


 “Why, Heavenly Court has already confirmed that Fang Yuan will not come?” Yang Feng asked in surprise.


 As it turned out, after Ying Wu Xie and the rest escaped from Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei had never given up on searching for Fang Yuan’s traces.


 Fang Yuan’s true body was not exposed yet, even Prince Feng Xian could not make any progress. But using some clues and her immense capabilities, Fairy Zi Wei managed to forcefully deduce the existence of Star Form blessed land.


 Star Form blessed land was inside Earth Abyss, it was in Ancient Soul Sect’s territory.


 Fairy Zi Wei specially asked Gu Immortal Shi Lei to complete a task.


 Shi Lei was a supreme elder of Combat Immortal Sect, Ancient Soul Sect sent Yang Feng to cooperate with Shi Lei.


 Shi Lei was following orders, according to Fairy Zi Wei’s plan, he was waiting in ambush. The moment Fang Yuan returned to Star Form blessed land, he would capture him immediately.


 But after waiting for so long, Fang Yuan did not even appear once!


 Not long ago, Star Form blessed land faced calamity, Fang Yuan made up his mind and ignored it.


 Fairy Zi Wei noticed Fang Yuan’s determination and deduced that if Star Form blessed land was kept intact, it would be of much help to Fang Yuan in the future.


 Thus, she decided to go ahead and order Shi Lei to destroy Star Form blessed land.


 Spirit Affinity House.


 Lake Heart Mountain.


 Feng Jin Huang’s accommodations.


 “Senior sister, you are amazing, you could refine even this type of Gu!” Qin Juan held the Gu with both hands as she cried out excitedly.


 Feng Jin Huang had snowy skin, her eyebrows were long and golden, her lips curled up as she smiled: “This is nothing much.”


 She had dream wings Immortal Gu, her refinement path attainment was now grandmaster level. Refining a rank three mortal Gu was really nothing much.


 “Senior, senior sister, oh no!” At this time, a Gu Master ran over with a flustered look on her chubby face.


 Qin Juan was unhappy at her demeanor: “Sun Yao, you are an elite disciple of Spirit Affinity House, how can you be so panicky.”


 Feng Jin Huang smiled: “No need to worry, I am here. Tell me, what happened?”


 Sun Yao breathed in deeply as she said: “That, that Zhao Lian Yun is coming!”


 “What, Zhao Lian Yun?” Qin Juan’s expression changed, she looked at Feng Jin Huang worriedly: “Zhao Lian Yun is an otherworldly demon, she has also inherited Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, since she joined the sect, she had been your opponent. Zhao Lian Yun wants to compete with senior sister over the next generation fairy position of Spirit Affinity House, why is she coming here to find you?”


 Feng Jin Huang’s smile gradually faded: “I am not sure either, go, let’s meet her and ask, wouldn’t that answer our questions?”


 The three left the room, meeting a girl.


 This girl was dressed in white, like a flower by the lake, she had long black silky hair with a worried look between her eyebrows, she had clear skin and pupils like they were fused with the night sky, expressing worry and anxiety.


 Such beauty was comparable to Feng Jin Huang, it was Zhao Lian Yun!


 “Junior sister Zhao, I wonder what business you have with me?” Feng Jin Huang was the first to ask.


 Zhao Lian Yun hesitated for a moment, determination shone in her eyes.


 Plop.


 At the next moment, she knelt down.


 Qin Juan and Sun Yao did not expect this, they gasped in shock.


 Feng Jin Huang was also quite shocked: “Junior sister Zhao, why are you doing this?”


 “I really have no other alternatives. Please, please save Ma Hong Yun!” Zhao Lian Yun said, as tears flowed down her smooth cheeks.


 “Ma Hong Yun, who is he? He asked you to come and beg me? Come, you can get up and tell me, don’t kneel.” Feng Jin Huang quickly walked forward, stretching out her arms to help Zhao Lian Yun stand up.


 She had the magnanimity of a senior sister.


 Even though she and Zhao Lian Yun were fiercely competing for the position of fairy, now that Zhao Lian Yun was begging her, Feng Jin Huang did not look down on her, she offered to help her up instead.


 But Zhao Lian Yun did not get up, she shook off Feng Jin Huang’s hands, sobbing: “Right now, the only one who can help me is you, senior sister Feng Jin Huang!”


 ...


 Southern Border, Gu Yue village.


 Fang Yuan clenched his fists, gritting his teeth, he said to the two people sitting in front: “Uncle, aunt, you have already obtained the inheritance my parents left. Right now, I need some primeval stones, can’t you help me?”


 Aunt snorted, saying shrilly: “That is not right, we did not take your parents’ inheritance, they are with your brother. Your brother has A grade aptitude, he has a far better future than you. I believe that your parents would do this too if they were still alive.”


 “Oh Fang Yuan.” Uncle said in a calm and slow manner: “I know what you are thinking, you want primeval stones to buy Gu refinement materials and refine Gu. But do you know how hard it is to refine Gu? How big the risks are? You, oh, you are simply too young. Don’t bear such unrealistic thoughts, just do your part properly. With your C grade aptitude, stop dreaming and live your life realistically.”


 It was winter now.


 Inside the warm room, Fang Yuan’s heart was ice cold.


 He had been standing on the spot, after a short silence, he said: “I understand now.”


 He turned around and walked out.


 Behind him, aunt criticized sarcastically: “Leaving like this? Not even saying goodbye, he is truly polite!”


 Uncle was smiling, saying in a fake tone: “Oh Fang Yuan, don’t be so anxious to leave, stay for dinner.”


 Fang Yuan did not stop, he walked even faster with firmer steps.


 From his uncle and aunt’s place, he went towards the streets with many people.


 It was late at night now.


 Even though there was no snow, the cold air gave Fang Yuan a bone chilling feeling.


 Next, he looked up at the sky, clenching his fists.


 In the sky, countless stars were shining brightly.


 Starlight reflected in Fang Yuan’s pupils, his eyes seemed to be shining with life.


 “Since I transmigrated to this world, I must achieve something in life, so what if I have C grade aptitude, I can definitely succeed!”


 Fang Yuan did not see that behind him, a figure was quietly tailing him, watching all the events unfold.


 The stars in the night sky were shining even more brightly, this figure’s appearance became clear.


 It was another Fang Yuan.


 But this Fang Yuan’s appearance had changed completely, experience and maturity was also deep in his gaze.


 Under his supervision, the entire night sky, the entire dream realm faded, as if there was a thick layer of fog in the sky, gradually, everything vanished.


 In the real world, Fang Yuan opened his eyes slowly, muttering: “To think... that I could re-experience what happened in my previous life.”



***
Chapter 1192 - Concession


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 “Zhao Lian Yun might be an otherworldly demon, but she has deep love in her.” Feng Jin Huang’s mother Fairy Bai Qing looked through the window, a very far distance away, focusing on Zhao Lian Yun, who was still kneeling in the courtyard.


 Zhao Lian Yun approached Feng Jin Huang and begged her to help save Ma Hong Yun.


 Feng Jin Huang was lost, after asking, she learned about Zhao Lian Yun and Ma Hong Yun’s heart wrenching story.


 Zhao Lian Yun was begging for help, but regardless of what Feng Jin Huang said, she seemed to be fixated on this, she refused to get up. Feng Jin Huang had no choice but to find her parents for help.


 Her mother was a rank seven female immortal of Spirit Affinity House, Bai Qing, while her father was the famous Feng Jiu Ge!


 Feng Jiu Ge walked towards Fairy Bai Qing, he did not look at Zhao Lian Yun, instead, he looked at the sky, saying plainly: “Dear, can’t you tell? Zhao Lian Yun is guided by some people.”


 Fairy Bai Qing’s gaze flashed: “Do you mean Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying?”


 Places with people will have competition for benefits.


 Spirit Affinity House had its internal conflicts too.


 Feng Jiu Ge was powerful, in the absence of rank eights, he dominated the ten great ancient sects, nobody could rival him. But this did not mean he had no opponents.


 Competition in this world did not just involve fighting and killing.


 Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying were Feng Jiu Ge’s main opponents in Spirit Affinity House.


 The two of them were married too.


 Among which, Xu Hao was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, while Li Jun Ying was known as the Illusory Fairy, her power was extraordinary.


 In the previous life, when Feng Jiu Ge died inside the Thieving Heaven true inheritance’s special space, these two immediately exerted pressure on Fairy Bai Qing and had a powerful stance. But afterwards, when Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada and ended up saving Feng Jiu Ge, history was changed.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s return caused great pressure on Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, they were at a disadvantage.


 However, using Zhao Lian Yun’s influence, the two of them held their ground and were untouchable by even Feng Jiu Ge inside Spirit Affinity House.


 Hearing Fairy Bai Qing mention their names, Feng Jiu Ge admitted: “It is them. This was my mistake, back then, I sent Xu Hao to complete the mission for the Thieving Heaven true inheritance, I wanted to push them aside, but to think they actually benefited from it.”


 “Huang Er wants to be the next generation fairy, she was originally unmatched, but now, Zhao Lian Yun appeared. As expected of an otherworldly demon, this woman is very intelligent and has a different perspective on many matters, yet she can get to the point and succeed in her unique methods, she is truly worthy of being Huang Er’s opponent.”


 “This time, Zhao Lian Yun is kneeling and begging for help, Xu Hao probably instigated this. Zhao Lian Yun wants to save her lover, she has to fight for the position of fairy. That way, she would have enough authority to use Spirit Affinity House’s power. If Huang Er gives in to her, she would give up being the fairy. But if she rejects her, it would breed trouble.”


 Feng Jiu Ge analyzed deeply, he easily exposed Xu Hao’s schemes.


 He was a sound path Gu Immortal, but he had incredible wits, he had a keen perception towards these internal conflicts.


 Fairy Bai Qing rolled her eyes, saying playfully: “Dear, why would I not understand these? Our Spirit Affinity House’s signature Immortal Gu is Love, our sect values moving people through love. Xu Hao asked Zhao Lian Yun to do this, he probably does not expect her to succeed. But after Zhao Lian Yun is rejected by Huang Er, others would sympathize with her.”


 “Hahaha, my dear, you are so smart, I was unduly worried.” Feng Jiu Ge laughed.


 Xu Hao was trying so desperately to make Zhao Lian Yun win and defeat Feng Jin Huang, and become the fairy of Spirit Affinity House. That way, he could use Zhao Lian Yun’s power to ally with others and oppose Feng Jiu Ge together.


 Xu Hao had a good plan.


 All along, Zhao Lian Yun’s identity as an otherworldly demon was her biggest obstacle in becoming Spirit Affinity House’s fairy. Because people were more willing to believe in those who originated from a similar background.


 Zhao Lian Yun, who came from another world, was ostracized and guarded against.


 But after this matter, Zhao Lian Yun’s image in Spirit Affinity House would completely transform in the eyes of everyone.


 Even though Zhao Lian Yun was an otherworldly demon, she loved a man of the Gu world.


 For this man, she fought for the position of fairy, she was not a vicious or ambitious person.


 She was really pitiful, nobody was helping her. Her lover was in Northern Plains, he might die any time, these lovebirds might never get together again!


 “This time, Xu Hao made a good plan. No matter what decision Huang Er makes, she would still lose. In fact, to compete for the position of fairy, she has to reject Zhao Lian Yun.” Feng Jiu Ge said plainly.


 “Then we let her continue kneeling here?” Fairy Bai Qing asked.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled: “No worries, she won’t stay here for long, this is just a show.”


 But Fairy Bai Qing shook her head: “I do not agree with this. Did you not see Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes, she is so determined and resolute, she is in deep agony. Do you think Xu Hao would tell her about the truth? At this moment, Zhao Lian Yun probably thinks that her only hope in saving her lover lies in Huang Er giving up this contest! She will definitely not give up, she will continue kneeling.”


 Feng Jiu Ge did not speak, he looked at the sky, he still paid no attention to Zhao Lian Yun.


 Feng Jiu Ge was a little regretful now.


 If he had known this, he would not have bought Zhao Lian Yun back in the Northern Plains auction.


 Right now, she was Feng Jin Huang’s greatest obstacle.


 Parents in this world still had the same wishes, they wanted their sons or daughters to succeed in life.


 Even Feng Jiu Ge with rank eight battle strength was no exception from this.


 “Even your mother pities Zhao Lian Yun, oh Huang Er, we will not advise you this time, how will you deal with this?” Feng Jiu Ge was secretly anticipating as he waited.


 On the road to Lake Heart Mountain.


 Qin Juan kicked a rock along the path angrily: “This Zhao Lian Yun is so annoying! Is this how you beg someone? She wants you to give up the contest for the position of fairy, she has the nerves to say that! She is really shameless.”


 “But she really has no choice. She already explained that this is for the sake of her lover” Sun Yao mumbled.


 “Yes but even so, she cannot do this. Kneeling on the ground, refusing to get up, does she want us to beg her to get up? Seriously, oh, I am so angry! She even caused senior sister’s home to be surrounded by spectators, causing you to be unable to go home, and have to roam out here!” Qin Juan stomped, going crazy.


 “However, she is really pitiful. I did not feel that last time, but hearing her words, I find that Zhao Lian Yun is really kind too...” Sun Yao shook her head.


 “Hey, whose side are you on, you are speaking up for Zhao Lian Yun!” Qin Juan was furious as she pointed at Sun Yao: “Senior sister is the most qualified person to be Spirit Affinity House’s fairy, Zhao Lian Yun is an outsider, how can she? And you, Sun Yao, correct your attitude. Did you forget about how senior sister has been taking care of us all along? You actually said such words, are you repaying kindness with enmity?”


 “No, I have no such intentions. I just think that she is pitiful, no matter what decision senior sister makes, I will support her.” Sun Yao waved her hand, explaining.


 Qin Juan calmed down a little, she started worrying for Feng Jin Huang: “Senior sister must be troubled now. This Zhao Lian Yun really posed a good problem. If we agree to her demand, we will give up the position of fairy. But if we don’t, people will say that senior sister is heartless, and people will sympathize for Zhao Lian Yun and acknowledge her. Most importantly, the contest for fairy is not just decided by our seniors, it also considers the view of our generation’s disciples. Every generation’s fairy in Spirit Affinity House has to be acknowledged by everyone!”


 “Hehehe.” Walking in front, Feng Jin Huang suddenly laughed lightly to herself.


 She stopped walking, Qin Juan and Sun Yao realized that they were at the mountain slope that they usually went to.


 Feng Jin Huang stood on the slope, raising her head as she looked at the stars in the sky.


 Next, she spoke: “I will not concede.”


 Her tone was plain, but Sun Yao and Qin Juan could hear her unwavering determination.


 Feng Jin Huang’s clear eyes reflected the light of the stars in the sky. Winds of the night blew, caressing her face as her hair fluttered in the sky.


 She continued: “Even though Zhao Lian Yun is pitiful, the title of the next generation fairy is my goal. This is the path that I have decided on, I will not change it for the sake of others!”


 Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan was inside his own dream realm.


 Inside Qing Mao Mountain again.


 In Gu Yue village, a young Fang Yuan was standing in front of Gu Yue clan leader.


 “You want me to give in to Fang Zheng tomorrow on purpose? And lose to him?!” Fang Yuan stared with wide opened eyes, growling.


 Gu Yue clan leader sighed: “Fang Yuan, I understand that this is not your fault, Fang Zheng was the instigator. But you need to understand, he has been living under your shadow, unable to get free. He challenged you because his heart’s inner desires are leading him to oppose you, to defeat you and break free from his childhood trauma, and obtain the heart of an expert.”


 Fang Yuan lowered his head, gritting his teeth: “Clan leader, since you looked for me in secret, that means I have the strength to defeat him.”


 “That’s right, you took a debt and pawned all of your assets just to luckily succeed in refining that Gu. This greatly raised your battle strength. But Fang Zheng has A grade aptitude, he is taught by several elders, he has quite the skill, he just lacks some experience.” Gu Yue clan elder said.


 “A grade aptitude... hehe.” Fang Yuan raised his head and looked at Gu Yue clan leader, smiling in a mocking manner.


 “Your decision is?” Gu Yue clan leader was expressionless, looking down at Fang Yuan imposingly.


 Fang Yuan turned around and walked away.


 His figure faded into the shadows.


 He left with one sentence: “I’ll do it.”


 Gu Yue clan leader did not speak, his gaze became dark as he muttered to himself: “He conceded so easily, he must have other ideas. To play it safe, I should preemptively weaken him first.”



***
Chapter 1193 - Gong Wan Ting


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Dawn.


 When the first ray of sunlight shone, the flowers and grass were still wet with dew.


 A blood thorn snake slithered out of its cavern after the unbearable cold night, greedily absorbing the warmth of the sunlight.


 Ordinary snakes were cold-blooded, but the blood thorn snake’s blood was warm.


 As its temperature rose, it gradually regained its nimbleness. It stretched out its body and flicked out its tongue, as it started to look for food.


 It needed to get enough food today and digest them to cope with the next cold night.


 In this world, all living beings were struggling and fighting for every aspect of survival.


 The appearance of the blood thorn snake was terrifying, but its nature was gentle. It did not eat meat and it fed on blood jaspers.


 Its tongue darted in and out, and soon, it discovered its food.


 Blood jaspers were translucent, like rose stones, hanging on the tips of stalks of grass. It was the dew from flowers and plants which had certain probabilities of transforming under the rays of dawn.


 If this blood jasper managed to avoid the blood thorn snake’s hunt and endure through the cold nights, after seven days and seven nights, it would transform into a small rank one blood jasper Gu.


 The blood thorn snake quickly slithered over.


 Rustle rustle....


 The dense shrubs were shaking continuously, showing traces of a line. Within several breaths of time, the blood thorn snake crossed a thousand steps of distance and neared this blood jasper.


 The snake’s head rose and was about to devour this delectable food when suddenly, a loud explosion sounded from the horizon.


 The blood thorn snake shook in fear, its whole body fell down to the ground without any trace of strength left.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 Explosions reverberated through the landscape like war drums.


 An enormous hall moved through the clouds and descended above this grassland, like the ruler of the world.


 This hall had a broad structure and magnificent appearance, with lightning snakes coiling around it and countless thunderbolts raining down beside it.


 Inside the hall, Nu Er Gu laughed heartily: “Sure enough, Loud Thunder Hall is extremely powerful! In this blood battle competition, my Nu Er tribe has this hall to suppress the situation, we will definitely kill the enemies. Hahaha!”


 He was a famous rank seven Gu Immortal expert of Northern Plains’ righteous path, specializing in sound path and had impressive battle achievements. His battle strength stood at the same level as Guan Chou of Guan tribe, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han.


 Nu Er Gu had a small head and big belly, his body was disproportional, his eyeballs were popping out, while his limbs were dry as twigs, he had pale skin resembling a sick person, without any hint of blood in his face.


 Right now, Nu Er Gu was controlling Loud Thunder Hall, experiencing the overflowing strength of this Immortal Gu House.


 He was extremely excited!


 Along with Nu Er Gu were several of Nu Er tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 Among them, a girl did not conceal her frown, covering her ears as she shouted: “Alright, Nu Er Gu, stop using thunder sound. It is truly noisy, if you use it again, I will turn you into a toad.”


 Nu Er Gu who had been in high spirits, heard the girl’s threat, his demeanor immediately disappeared without a trace.


 “Great-aunt, I made a mistake!” He quickly turned around and bowed in apology.


 The girl waved her hand: “Little Gu, you need to behave, we can’t stand out in this blood battle martial competition. Yao tribe, Guan tribe and Liu tribe are the ones nearer to Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe. If we put too much effort, they will just watch from the sidelines and reap the benefits.”


 “Yes, great-aunt, you are right. I shall listen to great-aunt’s arrangement.” Nu Er Gu quickly patted his chest and assured.


 The other Nu Er tribe Gu Immortals almost could not hold back their laughter.


 According to bloodline seniority, this Gu Immortal with the appearance of a little girl was indeed Nu Er Gu’s great-aunt.


 The crucial point was that she was very powerful and had a trump card immortal killer move, which she had tested on Nu Er Gu since he was young. The trauma on Nu Er Gu was extremely huge from this, and he had developed a fear of his great-aunt.


 “Hmm? Gong tribe’s people are also coming.” The girl suddenly turned around, under the amplification of Loud Thunder Hall, her gaze easily pierced through an enormous distance, seeing another Immortal Gu House.


 This Immortal Gu House was similarly a hall, it was Gong tribe’s Golden Dawn Hall, shining with brilliant golden radiance.


 When Nu Er Gu saw a female Gu Immortal standing at the entrance of the Golden Dawn Hall, he immediately frowned: “Why is it her?”


 This woman looked to be in her late twenties, she was clad in dazzling palace attire with the lower hems touching the ground, her black hair was tied up high with jade and gold ornaments. Her skin was snow white, her eyebrows slender, her gaze sharp, and her chest was voluptuous and perky. She looked stately and beautiful, giving a feeling that she could not be offended.


 “Gong Wan Ting?” Nu Er tribe’s girl exclaimed in slight surprise, before quickly adding, “Come with me.”


 Nu Er tribe’s Gu Immortals immediately flew out of Loud Thunder Hall and went up to the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall.


 The girl greeted first in a cordial tone: “Elder sister Wan Ting, hope you have been well.”


 Gong Wan Ting lightly smiled: “Little sister Nu Er Qian, good day to you.”


 The two Immortal Gu House stopped above Blood Plain, this was a rare scene in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Next, the third Immortal Gu House appeared, making this scene even more colorful.


 Divine Light Hall!


 Yao tribe’s Immortal Gu House.


 A Gu Immortal of Yao tribe, Yao Yuan Ying, flew out of the Immortal Gu House and greeted Gong Wan Ting first before greeting Nu Er Qian.


 Nu Er Gu could not help but secretly transmit his voice to Nu Er Qian: “Great-aunt, it looks like Gong tribe came prepared this time. Sending Gong Wan Ting over, even the current holder of the Longevity Edict, Yao tribe, is overwhelmed.”


 Nu Er Qian transmitted back her reply: “Gong Wan Ting is Prince Feng Xian’s official wife, who can dare to not respect her? Even if Yao Huang were to be present, he would also have to be somewhat courteous to her. But the person Yao tribe sent this time is actually Yao Yuan Ying. Her nature is gentle and she is not proficient in fighting and killing, but is specialized in healing. It seems Yao tribe also does not have the intention to put in much effort.”


 Just looking at these Gu Immortals, one could have some clues to the thoughts of each tribe.


 Last time, Gong tribe had suffered the most in the battle at Iron Eagle blessed land, when Gong Er returned to the tribe, he had been punished. This time, Gong tribe wanted Prince Feng Xian to show up, but their ploy was seen through by Prince Feng Xian. Gong tribe could only choose the next best option, sending Gong Wan Ting.


 She was Prince Feng Xian’s wife, she had rank seven cultivation, with powerful battle strength, and was a genuine expert. Gong tribe’s main objective this time was to revitalize their prestige.


 Yao tribe sent Yao Yuan Ying, a healing Gu Immortal who was not good at fighting, and she had been appointed by Yao Huang. Yao Huang was friends with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, so he came up with the blood battle martial competition as an explanation to Longevity Heaven, his main focus was still on refining Gu. Some combative Gu Immortals of Yao tribe had been suppressed by Yao Huang, and could only grit their teeth with nothing they could do about it.


 Nu Er tribe sent Nu Er Qian and Nu Er Gu as the main forces. Nu Er Gu’s nature was erratic and was very aggressive, while Nu Er Qian was stable, experienced and very reliable. The main thing was that she could restrain Nu Er Gu.


 However, Nu Er tribe also had the intention to forge ahead this time. So they did not stint on mobilizing the tribe’s Immortal Gu House, Loud Thunder Hall.


 But the final decision was in Nu Er Qian’s hands.


 Next, Huang Jin tribes appeared one after the other.


 Liu tribe, Ye Lui tribe, Chanyu tribe, Meng tribe, Yuan tribe, Nian Er tribe, Murong tribe, Guan tribe.


 A total of eleven Huang Jin tribes, super forces who ruled over territories, and had undisputed influence to Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 There had been two more tribes previously.


 One was Dong Fang tribe, it was a pity, Dong Fang Chang Fan made it flourish, and it also was destroyed because of the failure of his plan to resurrect.


 It could be said that Dong Fang tribe rose because of Dong Fang Chang Fan, and also suffered their downfall at Dong Fang Chang Fan’s hands.


 Another was Hei tribe. Hei tribe had many surviving Gu Immortals, but they were annexed by Bai Zu tribe, their tribe name was discarded and they no longer were acknowledged by other Huang Jin tribes, even being cast aside and disdained upon.


 “Greetings to Fairy Gong Wan Ting.” Like Yao tribe and Nu Er tribe, the Gu Immortals of different tribes also greeted Gong Wan Ting.


 Gong Wan Ting’s own battle strength made her an undisputed leader of the righteous path, and more importantly was her status, she was Prince Feng Xian’s wife!


 Even if she were a mortal, just this status alone was worthy for these Gu Immortals to have such an attitude.


 “Gong tribe actually sent Fairy Wan Ting over, such a ruthless move, they clearly want to suppress Yao tribe.”


 “Gong tribe’s people like to look down on others, to be honest, I like Yao tribe a bit more. After all, Lord Yao Huang is of our Huang Jin bloodline.”


 Each tribe’s Gu Immortals acutely sensed the undercurrents in the righteous path forces, they were all secretly discussing, and looking forward to how Yao tribe would react.


 “With Fairy Gong Wan Ting here, how could I, Yao Yuan Ying, command this edict?” Beyond most of the Gu Immortals’ expectations, Yao tribe’s representative Yao Yuan Ying directly handed over the Longevity Edict.


 Gong Wan Ting, however, refused with a smile.


 Yao Yuan Ying offered a second time.


 Gong Wan Ting again refused, except her attitude had eased up by a lot.


 Yao Yuan Ying offered the third time, and only then did Gong Wan Ting accept, looking like she was forced to.


 And the moment she took it, she placed it at the center of the plaque on the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall.


 Gong Wan Ting then continued: “Everyone, please come inside the hall. My tribe has already prepared some light wine and delicacies.”


 The immortals all accepted her invitation.


 Previously, Gong Er had also invited others, but no one gave him face. Gong Wan Ting, however, was different, all the immortals knew that behind her was Prince Feng Xian. Even though the rumors of marital discord between them had spread for a long time, the immortals could not be careless.


 Each tribe’s immortals entered the hall.


 Yao tribe was seated first from the left side, because left had the highest status, followed by right and center. 1 

 Nu Er tribe was first from the right side because they had brought Loud Thunder Hall.


 Other tribes were arranged according to the strength of the forces that they sent over.


 Who could have thought such an arrangement would make one person extremely dissatisfied.


 “Why is my Nian Er tribe last? Does Gong Wan Ting look down on us?” Nian Er Ping Zhi was outraged, as he transmitted his voice to the tribe’s senior Gu Immortal beside him.


 Right now, it was not just Nian Er Fu who came, but also wood path Gu Immortal Nian Er Yi Fang.


 When he heard the words, he placed his aged hand on Nian Er Ping Zhi’s shoulder, and spoke expectantly and with encouragement: “Ping Zhi, if you are dissatisfied, kill some opponents in the blood martial competition, at that time, when we mention changing our positions, no one will stop us, and it will also show our Nian Er tribe’s prestige.”


 “Elder Yi Fang, you are right! I will do so then!” Nian Er Ping Zhi clenched his fists, his eyes brightened with a sharp luster.


 From the main seat in the middle, Gong Wan Ting was secretly observing everyone, and when she saw Nian Er Ping Zhi’s expression, she smiled lightly in her mind.



***
Chapter 1194 - Not Kneeling


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 The righteous path’s immortals had just been sitting for a while, when lone and demonic immortals also appeared.


 A huge grey cloud was flying over, upon which Domination Immortal Chu Du proudly stood at the front, behind him were two battle formations. On one side were Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu, Li Si Chun, Immortal Wang and others. On the other side were Bai Zu Ren, Bai Zu Ling as well as some familiar faces of Hei tribe, among which the four top supreme elders were also there.


 The righteous path immortals’ gazes went past the spacious entrance.


 Their glances swept through the enemy group of immortals, before they fixed their gazes on Chu Du.


 Several breaths later, a Gu Immortal laughed: “Our righteous path shall win this battle, no doubt. What Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe, such a line-up dares to provoke our Huang Jin tribes?”


 “Haha, that makes sense.”


 “The way I see it, we only need to be slightly on guard against Chu Du.”


 The immortals talked happily, the atmosphere in the hall becoming relaxed.


 In contrast, Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu, Bai Zu Ren and others looked gloomy and worried.


 One would just have to look at the situation and they would know it.


 The righteous path had brought out three Immortal Gu Houses.


 Loud Thunder Hall was to the right, Golden Dawn Hall was at the center, and Divine Light Hall was to the left.


 In contrast, Chu Du’s side only had a huge empty grey cloud below them. The stronger and weaker side was clear at a glance.


 The righteous path immortals were resting at ease with wines and delicacies inside the hall. But Chu Du’s side was standing amidst the wind, only able to watch.


 The righteous path immortals talked and laughed, their morale was high. In contrast, Chu Du’s side was silent.


 Only Chu Du had a relaxed expression.


 He had both brains and brawn, he was extremely shrewd, and had already anticipated such a scene before this trip. Right now, he was not anxious, he looked at a Gu Immortal beside him.


 This immortal was tall and thin, folding his arms across his chest, he had white brows and white hair, and had an extremely cold and aloof expression.


 Chu Du transmitted his voice to him: “Brother Xue, you have been in seclusion for a long time, tempering your abilities, and possess astonishing attainments, but you don’t have reputation. Right now is the time to make your name known, I want to hand over the first battle to you. After this battle, I believe your name will not only be spread to the world, it will likely go down in history.”


 The Gu Immortal surnamed Xue heard this, and bright light shone in his eyes immediately.


 “Last time, Brother Chu invited me to take action, but I was refining Gu and not able to come out. This time, I must make the world know of my, Xue Wu Hen’s, name!”


 The Gu Immortal named Xue transmitted his reply to Chu Du, and then flew to the sky before hovering between the two sides.


 He still had his arms folded across his chest as he remained silent.


 Inside Golden Dawn Hall, the immortals pointed at Xue Wu Hen and jokingly spoke: “They sent some nameless junior to his death.”


 Nian Er Ping Zhi was just about to stand up and take the fight, but was stopped by Nian Er Yi Fang: “Be patient, the enemy only has rank six cultivation and has no reputation. Killing him won’t be enough to awe these immortals. No need to take this fight.”


 “Ah?” Nian Er Ping Zhi thought for a moment and realized it was true, and did not get up.


 “Who wants to take the first battle?” From the main seat, Gong Wan Ting asked the group of immortals.


 A young Gu Immortal stood up soon after: “I, Ye Lui Xiao Jin, am willing to take the fight!”


 Gong Wan Ting hesitated for a moment.


 She was inwardly thinking: “Domination Immortal Chu Du is an extraordinary person, he actually sent a nameless character for the first battle, they are definitely not someone ordinary. If our side gets careless and we lose the first battle, it won’t be good.”


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin was also a young junior, and came to the blood battle competition under the company of his seniors. He was also like the enemy, he was still unknown and had not made a name for himself.


 At this time, Ye Lui tribe’s Gu Immortal Ye Lui Hui Hong smiled: “This junior might only be rank six, but he is talented in fighting and often pulls brilliant moves in battle. Even my tribe’s first supreme elder has praised him repeatedly.”


 Gong Wan Ting heard Ye Lui Hui Hong, it was not good to contradict and disregard him publicly, so she agreed: “Then we shall see Ye Lui tribe’s valiance.”


 “I heed the command!” This young Gu Immortal turned around and walked out.


 When he passed by Nian Er tribe, he gave a deep glance at Nian Er Ping Zhi with his golden eyes.


 “You!” Nian Er Ping Zhi was provoked, and almost jumped up.


 But Ye Lui Xiao Jin had already walked out the entrance.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi had made his name in the battle at Iron Eagle blessed land, but many young righteous path Gu Immortals were not willing to feel defeated, Ye Lui Xiao Jin was one of them.


 This time, he also wanted to spread and establish his name through the blood battle martial competition!


 The blood battle martial competition’s first battle was about to unfold under both sides’ gazes.


 At the same time, far away at Southern Border.


 “I have told you all the crucial information regarding Bai Xiang grotto-heaven. After a bloodline descendant of Bai Xiang becomes a Gu Immortal, this white form immortal snake can guide them to Bai Xiang grotto-heaven. But Bai Xiang grotto-heaven is filled with danger. Because Bai Xiang of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs is a demonic path Gu Immortal, you need to be very careful when doing this. According to the information my Shadow Sect has gathered, Bai Xiang was a man of his word, and hated people who went against his wish, and was extremely tyrannical in the way he did things. Only Gu Immortals whose battle strength met his expectations could talk and associate with him. You cannot stubbornly charge ahead in this trip, you need to remember when to yield.”


 Ying Wu Xie carefully instructed Bai Ning Bing.


 Shadow Sect had already looked into the bet between the Five Xiangs for a long time, and wanted to meddle in it.


 But inopportune time and coincidences made this plan progress very slowly. Naturally, the main reason was because Shadow Sect’s full efforts were in refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Shadow Sect recruited Bai Ning Bing because they wanted to hit two birds with one stone. On one hand, they wanted to exploit her identity as a fate-escapee, on the other hand, they were preparing to step into the bet.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted: “I know what to do.”


 Ying Wu Xie was unfazed, still smiling: “Alright, go then.”


 Bai Ning Bing quietly took out white form immortal snake.


 The white form immortal snake was slender and long, its whole body was covered in snow white scales and it had a graceful physique. Its eyes were like jade, and on the two sides of its head were a pair of long whiskers, floating like celestial ribbons.


 It was a rank five mortal Gu and was very attached to Bai Ning Bing, which was likely because it was attracted by her Northern Dark Ice Soul physique.


 Bai Ning Bing began to activate her phantom aperture.


 The phantom aperture was illusory, but after it was activated, it turned from phantom to real.


 Shadow Sect had stolen this method from Heavenly Court and had studied it until fifty to sixty percent completion, as such, it had many flaws.


 Because of this, Bai Ning Bing could temporarily possess Gu Immortal strength without undergoing tribulation. So she was only a false immortal.


 After leaving Shadow Sect for a period of time, she had not been able to maintain her phantom aperture, causing it to lose many of its effects and have limited periods of use.


 Ordinarily, Bai Ning Bing would be in her mortal body, turning into a woman. After her phantom aperture was activated, she would turn into a temporary false immortal, the effect of the mortal Gu would be suppressed at this time and her body would return to that of a man’s.


 Sometimes a man, sometimes a woman, Bai Ning Bing him(her)self felt awkward.


 However, among the immortals present, no one joked about it.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was kindhearted, Hei Lou Lan was fierce and ambitious, and did not care about these details, Shi Nu was actually rather nervous, after all, Bai Ning Bing’s success or failure would be of huge influence to Shadow Sect’s following actions.


 Bai Ning Bing began to release his Gu Immortal aura, the white form immortal snake sensed this, its whole body jolted before it gave a long hiss towards the sky.


 Its hissing was completely different from the sharp hiss of normal snake species, carrying a resounding and mighty aura.


 Then, the white form immortal snake flew under Bai Ning Bing’s feet of its own accord, carrying him and flying towards the sky.


 Hei Lou Lan, Ying Wu Xie and the rest stood at their spots, looking at this sight.


 They could not go as they did not have Bai Xiang’s bloodline, and would only make things worse if they went. Everything now depended on Bai Ning Bing.


 Fortunately, to raise Bai Ning Bing’s success rate, Ying Wu Xie and the rest of the group had gone to Jade Pot Mountain and gave ice soul Immortal Gu to Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing had his first truly owned Immortal Gu.


 He looked down while standing on the white form immortal snake’s back.


 However, when he saw the mountain ranges and the heavy fog, he suddenly recalled a scene back in Bai tribe.


 That was his first encounter with the white form immortal snake...


 The spirit spring was raging like boiling water.


 All of a sudden, the spring water rose up like a tidal wave.


 After it reached a certain height, the spirit spring scattered and splashed in all directions. The white form immortal snake flew out.


 “I pay respects to Great Immortal!” Bai clan leader emotionally knelt on the ground, and at the same time anxiously urged, “Bai Ning Bing, why are you not kneeling down?”


 “I will never kneel before a Gu!” Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted, his body standing upright and tall.


 Although the white form immortal snake Gu released an ethereal cold grandeur with heavy killing intent concealed within, Bai Ning Bing was not the least bit afraid. His two blue eyes directly stared at its snake eyes...


 “According to the clan’s secret records, once a Gu Master obtains approval, the white form immortal snake Gu would fly with the inheritor and open a secret place in the sky.”


 “So, this so-called secret was Bai Xiang’s grotto-heaven. And the condition to receive approval was to become a Gu Immortal.”


 The question from a long time ago finally cleared up at this time.


 “Unknowingly, I have already reached this stage.” Bai Ning Bing took a deep breath in, his blue eyes gazing high: “Success or failure does not matter, hehehe, I only hope Bai Xiang grotto-heaven won’t be too boring, this trip should be splendid!”


 Lang Ya blessed land, inside a secret room in a cloud city.


 Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.


 In his hand was a dream path mortal Gu that had just been refined, and was still giving off warmth.


 His cultivation was still at rank six second heavenly tribulation level and had stopped here for the moment, unable to be raised. Because he had almost annexed all the blessed lands in his memories. There were still some remaining, but he could not annex those blessed lands because of his attainment level.


 Ever since he realized that dream realms provided incomparable help to this style of cultivation, he had immersed himself in refining dream path mortal Gu these last days.


 These mortal Gu, when paired up with unravel mystery Immortal Gu, could form the immortal killer move unravel dream.


 With this killer move, Fang Yuan could easily solve dream realms and unravel them, raising his attainment in many paths.


 With unravel dream raising his attainment level, Fang Yuan could annex even more immortal apertures.


 After annexing blessed lands, his cultivation level would soar up, causing his battle strength to surge.


 After his battle strength surged, killing would become easier and he could obtain even more blessed lands.


 It would then form a feedback loop of constant benefits.


 Do not bother mentioning bullshit like whether killing is against morality or how it would influence one’s reputation, demonic path Gu Immortals were direct and straightforward in this aspect!


 Fang Yuan had never thought of himself as a good person.


 “The blood battle martial competition should have begun... I should participate a few times, kill a few Gu Immortals and seize their immortal apertures, taking the final step to becoming a rank seven Gu Immortal.”


 “Although Eastern Sea has City Well, and there are many blessed lands in the well, it is too far away. Moreover, I have already been there once, heaven’s will already knows of it.”


 “It is better to continue refining dream path mortal Gu while killing in the blood battle martial competition, it won’t be too late to go after that.”


 With this idea, Fang Yuan once again entered a dream realm.


 Verdant green trees grew in the rugged mountain path.


 A merchant caravan was traversing on the mountain path with difficulty.


 Fang Yuan was one of the members in the caravan.


 In the end, he did not yield and wanted to prove that with his ability, he could defeat his genius A grade aptitude little brother.


 He also needed such evidence for himself.


 But Gu Yue clan leader did not give him this opportunity.


 He personally schemed against Fang Yuan and used some sneaky moves, causing Fang Yuan to suffer an overwhelming defeat.


 Finally, he became someone who overestimated his ability, being cast aside and troubled by everyone.


 “C grade aptitude does not have any future.”


 “Even if you won against Gu Yue Fang Zheng, so what? He has A grade aptitude, the future of the whole tribe belongs to him. No, he is our tribe’s future!”


 “As an elder brother, you truly don’t have even a little tolerance, you are actually making things difficult for your little brother.”


 Winner takes all.


 Victory or defeat was decided, right or wrong was thus overturned, black and white was blurred.


 Fang Yuan was on the verge of being exiled from the tribe, he could only join a merchant caravan, laboriously working while continuing his cultivation.


 “Stop, stop, I am tired. This carriage is too bumpy, let’s rest for a while.” A young man’s voice came from a carriage.


 “But young master, we are still a long way from the next village. We have already rested three times on the way, if we rest again, we won’t be able to walk out of this mountain before the sky gets dark.” A steward of the merchant caravan stood outside the carriage, and spoke with a bowed waist.


 Ping.


 There was a sharp sound as a lightning whip instantly landed on the steward’s body, sending him flying.


 “What did you say?”


 “This caravan is my clan’s, I have complete management rights over it. You lowly servant, you dare to lecture me?”


 The carriage’s curtain was raised up, and a malevolent looking young Gu Master walked out from within.


 “This servant deserves to die, this servant deserves to die.” The steward kowtowed continuously.


 The whole caravan stopped.


 From ahead came questions: “What is happening behind?”


 Questions came from behind as well: “What is going on ahead?”


 Feeling countless gazes at him, the young Gu Master frowned, as he shouted: “What are you looking at, you bunch of lazy slaves, if you look at me again, I will dig out your eyes!”


 Fang Yuan quickly lowered his head.


 “You, yes you!” The young Gu Master suddenly pointed at Fang Yuan, “Come over, kneel down, be a stool for this master. This is your honor, I want to rest outside for a while.”


 Fang Yuan raised his head, staring at the young Gu Master with pursed lips.


 “I won’t kneel!”


 “What?” The young Gu Master could not believe it, almost thinking he had misheard it.


 “What did you say just now? You won’t kneel?!” His finger that was pointing at Fang Yuan, was slightly shaking.


 His expression was exaggerated, as if he had heard a joke.


 “Haha, you won’t kneel?! You are an ant-like slave, you still won’t kneel?!”


 He then heard Fang Yuan’s words again——


 “No, I won’t kneel!”



***
Chapter 1195 - Young


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Junior, take this move!” Liu Hui shouted, a powerful aura erupting from his whole body.


 He raised his arms above his head, a grand radiance rose up from his body and rapidly condensed into a crescent moon in the air.


 The crescent moon was thin and long, it was pale white but covered in a grey halo.


 “Good! Elder Liu Hui finally got the chance to use his move, grey rock moon!”


 “This move is a well known method of Liu Hui.”


 “That’s right. Those that are struck by this move will start solidifying before finally turning into stone. Even their immortal aperture will also be contaminated, turning rocky, it is a truly troublesome move!”


 Inside Golden Dawn Hall, righteous path Gu Immortals were discussing with smiles on their faces.


 On the demonic path’s side, Xue Wu Hen was only illuminated by the grey moonlight for several breaths of time before his expression changed greatly.


 He immediately felt the power of this move, and did not dare to be rash as he quickly used an immortal killer move.


 Strong cold aura coiled around his whole body, ice and frost attaching to his body. The grey moonlight turned the ice and frost to stone, but the ice and frost regenerated themselves, the grey moonlight was unable to penetrate through them and reach Xue Wu Hen’s body.


 “What? He actually used an offensive killer move on his own body?”


 “Amazing! Xue Wu Hen handled such a complicated thing with ease, he is quite clever! For the moment, he has blocked Old Liu Hui’s signature trump card!”


 “Go, beat him!”


 The immortals in Chu Du’s side cheered and applauded loudly.


 By contrast, the relaxed mood inside Golden Dawn Hall had now completely dissipated, and a bad feeling rose up in everyone’s hearts.


 “We are not going to lose to Xue Wu Hen again, right?”


 “Even Elder Liu Hui cannot hold him down?”


 “Xue Wu Hen is an unknown character, while Elder Liu Hui is a renowned rank six expert!”


 As the immortals talked, Xue Wu Hen wore the heavy layer of stone and frost, and charged towards Elder Liu Hui.


 “Old geezer, you are so old, what are you doing not resting at home? Just die!”


 Xue Wu Hen pushed both his hands forward, instantly a wave of snow and frost rose up in the air.


 The righteous path Gu Immortal, Elder Liu Hui, had to maintain the grey crescent moon in the sky, his hands were raised as if he was supporting the sky, he could not move and was directly submerged by this wave of snow.


 Xue Wu Hen won!


 Liu Hui died!


 Everyone was surprised, they had not expected such an outcome.


 “Before this battle, Xue Wu Hen had already won two consecutive battles, he was injured and not in his best condition.”


 “In the previous two battles, he battled against righteous path juniors, and could not kill the opponent. But now in this third battle, he killed Liu Hui.”


 “The grand Liu Hui actually died at the hands of a nameless demonic path minor character!”


 “Heavens, this is unbelievable.”


 “This person might only have rank six cultivation, but he truly has rank seven battle strength. Where did this guy come from?”


 “I can’t help but think of Old Ancestor Xue Hu, this Xue Wu Hen is similarly of ice and snow path, he truly resembles Old Ancestor Xue Hu when he was young.”


 “He is still far from being qualified to compare to Old Ancestor Xue Hu. But three victories in three consecutive battles, his name will spread throughout the whole Gu Immortal world.”


 Whether it be the righteous path or Chu Du’s side, they were both discussing Xue Wu Hen.


 “Xiao Jin, don’t put your loss to heart. This is not your fault, but the opponent being too strong. He actually killed Liu Hui! Sigh.” Ye Lui Hui Hong consoled the young man beside him.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin felt his right arm.


 His right arm was currently still in a frozen state, his whole arm had already turned black and blue from the cold, the intense chill was even affecting his bones and blood.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin felt such pain that after his defeat, he returned to the hall and had his head lowered the whole time.


 As for Ye Lui Hui Hong’s words, he did not seem to have heard them.


 Ye Lui Hui Hong saw this, and sighed inwardly: “You are still young. But this setback will be beneficial to you. This shame will make you try harder, who can say what will happen in the future? Maybe your future achievements will be above them. The main thing is to not lose the confidence in yourself.”


 As he thought of this, Ye Lui Hui Hong gazed at Xue Wu Hen, who was standing alone in the air, and then at Nian Er Ping Zhi who was unable to stay still.


 “Can I go fight now?” Nian Er Ping Zhi impatiently transmitted his voice to his senior, Nian Er Yi Fang.


 However, Nian Er Yi Fang shook his head: “This person has won three battles, there are many injuries on him and his state is not at its peak. If you kill him, it would be nothing extraordinary, but if you can’t kill him, it would instead weaken your prestige. Moreover, the other side is not foolish, why would they let Xue Wu Hen continue fighting?”


 Sure enough, the next moment, Chu Du spoke, withdrawing Xue Wu Hen from the battle.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi snorted: “Even if he does not battle, I will go up. He won three battles, I will win at least six battles!”


 Nian Er Ping Zhi rose up and bowed to Gong Wan Ting: “I request to go to battle!”


 Gong Wan Ting’s frown relaxed a little.


 The righteous path, which should have been victorious, was instead defeated thrice by a nameless character from Chu Du’s side.


 This was not only a heavy blow to the righteous path Gu Immortals, it harmed their reputation and was also damaging to Gong Wan Ting’s prestige.


 Gong Wan Ting knew Nian Er Ping Zhi was Nian Er tribe’s current generation Sword Child, she naturally had no reason to not permit him.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi took the stage, and shouted: “Who wants to die?”


 The rising morale of Chu Du’s side immediately stifled.


 “Careful, don’t be fooled by this kid’s rank six cultivation, he can kill rank sevens.”


 “He made outstanding battle achievements in the battle of Iron Eagle blessed land, he is also extremely savage, killing multiple Gu Immortals.”


 “Even Old Monster Corpse Poison could not do anything about him.”


 “He is the current inheritor of Sword Saint Nian Er’s true inheritance, he naturally is not ordinary.”


 Chu Du’s side was silent.


 Facing Nian Er Ping Zhi’s challenge, there was actually no one who dared to accept for a period of time.


 “Youngsters at the moment, each of them truly are fiercer than the other.” Chu Du stroked his forehead.


 “Big brother Chu, let me go handle him.” Xue Wu Hen requested.


 How could Chu Du permit it.


 He already saw Xue Wu Hen’s weak state, not only were there injuries on his body, many areas of his immortal aperture had even turned into rocks, causing losses to many resources, as a result of Elder Liu Hui’s immortal killer move.


 “Relax, I have already made arrangements to deal with Ping Zhi.” Chu Du smiled, assuring Xue Wu Hen.


 “Granny Yin, I will hand this battle to you.” Chu Du spoke to a black robed Gu Immortal behind him.


 This Gu Immortal with a hunched back was holding a walking stick, and had been silent the whole time.


 Hearing Chu Du’s words, terrifyingly bony hands stretched out of the wide sleeves and lifted up the hood, revealing an old, crooked face.


 “Hehehe, let this old woman love you tenderly.” Granny Yin flew to the battle, and stared at the young Nian Er Ping Zhi with her turbid yellow eyes, which flickered with dangerous light.


 “What, she is the rank seven demonic Gu Immortal Granny Yin.”


 “Chu Du is shameless, our side’s Nian Er Ping Zhi is only a rank six Gu Immortal, they are actually sending a higher rank expert famous in Northern Plains!”


 “This won’t do, call back Nian Er Ping Zhi.” Nian Er Yi Fang was also very anxious.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi was a future star of Nian Er tribe who was heavily nurtured, and Nian Er Yi Fang was in charge of his safety in this trip. If he died here, Nian Er Yi Fang would have greatly neglected his duty.


 However, Nian Er Ping Zhi’s fighting intent burned even stronger when facing a strong opponent.


 He howled towards the sky, and disregarding the crazed voice transmission of Nian Er Yi Fang, he turned into an incomparably sharp sword light that charged towards Granny Yin!


 Snowy Mountain, first peak.


 “Now that I mention it, you need to be thankful to me. Haven’t you discovered, your cultivation has risen and is going to reach rank five.” Lady Wan Shou said to Ma Hong Yun, while holding a ball of lightning.


 Ma Hong Yun shouted madly and hysterically: “You insane lunatic! You still want to shock me, you have tormented me so many times, you still want to continue! I don’t want this cultivation, please let me go.”


 Lady Wan Shou sneered: “Impossible.”


 She then sent out the ball of lightning.


 Crack crack crack!


 Ma Hong Yun’s whole body shook, his eyes rolled over, his mouth occasionally opened wide, occasionally pursed up and occasionally turned into ‘O’ shape, but all the time, he was shouting.


 “Ahhh ooooohhhh arrghhhh...”


 He screamed until the lightning completely dissipated.


 “Failed again, this guy!” Lady Wan Shou’s face looked extremely gloomy, she fiercely slapped Ma Hong Yun’s cheek.


 Ma Hong Yun instantly fainted from the slap.


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 Heavy rain poured down, causing the sky to darken.


 Zhao Lian Yun was drenched, her vision was blurry and intense dizziness was threatening to make her unconscious.


 But she firmly held on, using every bit of strength in her body.


 Although she was an otherworldly demon with memories of a previous world, she did not have much understanding of the upper levels of the Gu world, especially of the mindsets of Gu Immortals, whom she had rarely been able to associate with.


 As far as she was concerned, this was the only way to save Ma Hong Yun.


 “This otherworldly demon is indeed somewhat foolish.” Li Jun Ying had been observing secretly.


 Xu Hao shook his head: “I also had not expected her to be so persistent. It has already been over ten days now.”


 Li Jun Ying turned back and looked at her husband: “Have you thought about it, Feng Jin Huang can use this to make a countering scheme against us, requesting Zhao Lian Yun to give up on contending for the position of fairy, and then she will help save her lover?”


 Xu Hao smiled: “How could that be? According to Feng Jin Huang’s nature, she absolutely would not be able to do such a thing. These two are still young.”


 Inside a dream, Southern Border.


 “Owww, it hurts, it hurts!” Fang Yuan screamed in pain.


 “Kid, you know pain now? If you had knelt, you would not have had to experience this pain.” A middle-aged man with a big beard was holding a Gu worm in his hand, healing Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan raised his head and clenched his right fist: “Uncle, what are you saying? A man only kneels to their parents, heaven and earth, how can we kneel at someone’s order?! Even if I die, I won’t kneel!”


 “Not cherishing life, it seems healing you was completely in vain. I should not have done it.” Big Beard suddenly became moody.


 “Hmph, I didn’t ask you to heal me!” Fang Yuan endured the pain and stood up, walking out of this tent without looking back.


 However, he fell down to the ground after taking just a few steps. The intense pain sent him unconscious.


 When he woke up again, he found he was still inside Big Beard’s tent.


 “Oh you, you are still too young.” Big Beard took a gulp of wine: “I have healed half of your injuries, and have left the other half as a lesson.”


 Fang Yuan grumbled, weakly retorting: “Uncle, thank you. But I have told you, this is not about being young, this is a matter of principles!”



***
Chapter 1196 - Sword Heart Clarity


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Above Blood Plain.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi and Granny Yin’s battle had attracted everyone’s attention.


 Granny Yin was a veteran demonic path Gu Immortal, she cultivated soul path and possessed bewitching soul Immortal Gu, and her reputation had already been established long ago in Northern Plains.


 She moved like a ghost, gloomy winds surged and vengeful souls moved around her, sending chills down people’s hearts.


 And Nian Er Ping Zhi was a shining member of the righteous path’s younger generation, the current Sword Child of Nian Er tribe, his movement was quick and his sword moved like lightning.


 Both sides had exchanged dozens of moves, at first they probed each other with mortal killer moves, then they used Immortal Gu, then immortal killer moves, and now the battle was at a very heated stage.


 On the field, dark souls had covered most of the sky.


 And the white sword light representing Nian Er Ping Zhi was already surrounded, despite it charging everywhere and the dark souls moving away, the overall flow of the battle was dictated by Granny Yin.


 “Granny Yin is indeed a demonic path expert, the way she fights is steady and full of experience.” Immortal Wang praised.


 Chu Du, however, frowned, silent.


 He was inwardly thinking: “Granny Yin is a rank seven Gu Immortal, but she was not able to immediately kill Nian Er Ping Zhi. Even though the situation looks more inclined towards her, Nian Er Ping Zhi’s sword light is still rampaging around without the slightest of hesitation. He still is thinking of winning!”


 Inside Golden Dawn Hall, seeing his tribe’s shining hope, a sword path genius, falling into disadvantage, Nian Er Yi Fang was becoming nervous, staring at the battle without blinking.


 If the situation looked bad, he would immediately make a move and save Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 No matter the rules or reputation, as far as Nian Er tribe was concerned, Nian Er Ping Zhi being alive was most important!


 “Hehehehe... such a tender body, you have nowhere to dodge now, accept your death!” A change suddenly happened at this instance.


 Countless vengeful ghosts suddenly covered all directions, as they surrounded the sword light that Nian Er Ping Zhi had transformed into.


 Then, Granny Yin revealed her true body from amidst the countless dark souls, stretching out her withered finger and pointing at Nian Er Ping Zhi from afar.


 Immortal killer move — Bewitching Soul Art!


 Nian Er Ping Zhi’s eyes immediately lost their light, the freely moving nimble sword light completely dissipated and turned into his true body.


 He was floating in the air like his mind had halted, not having the slightest bit of reaction to the charging Granny Yin.


 “Hehehe!” Granny Yin laughed in satisfaction. She opened her mouth wide, revealing her sparse yellow teeth.


 Her hand suddenly enlarged by many times, dark wind coiled around her five fingers, her nails as sharp as needles. The fan-like hand descended on Nian Er Ping Zhi’s head.


 If this attack were to land true, Nian Er Ping Zhi’s skull would no doubt be crushed under his defenseless state.


 “Stop it!” Nian Er Yi Fang shouted as he rushed out of Golden Dawn Hall.


 However, Chu Du had already made prior arrangements.


 He saw that Granny Yin was firmly grasping the battle situation, and had already considered if she were to make a killing strike towards Nian Er Ping Zhi, she would surely be obstructed by the righteous path Gu Immortals.


 Therefore, he had already arranged his forces to lie in wait.


 Sure enough, when Nian Er Yi Fang rushed out, Hao Zhen moved out shortly after.


 “Shameless fellow, you are interfering in a one on one battle?” Hao Zhen shot out a bolt of lightning right at Nian Er Yi Fang’s face.


 Nian Er Yi Fang slightly shook, and emerald wooden armor appeared, covering his whole body firmly.


 This wooden armor was Nian Er Yi Fang’s immortal killer move, and it had extremely powerful defense. Regardless of how sharp Hao Zhen’s lightning was, it could not even make a dent on the wooden armor, instead the wooden armor seemed to be rejuvenated as it produced fresh yellow and green leaves, like it had received many benefits.


 Chu Du immediately gave out a light gasp.


 He was surprised.


 What made Chu Du surprised was not Nian Er Yi Fang’s wooden armor, as his wooden armor was already famous in Northern Plains and was his self-created immortal killer move — Sick Tree Spring Armor.


 Instead, it was that Nian Er Yi Fang had rushed out madly to save Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 However, by using this move and blocking off Hao Zhen’s lightning, he had missed the best opportunity to save Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 Chu Du considered what he would do in Nian Er Yi Fang’s position, his tribe’s genius, a star of the younger generation, was at risk of losing his life, while he himself could choose to either block the lightning or move to protect Nian Er Ping Zhi’s life.


 But right now, Nian Er Yi Fang had chosen to protect himself. This action meant he did not feel it was urgent to save Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 What was going on?


 “Oh no!” Chu Du’s heart suddenly jumped, and he quickly looked at the battle.


 He was just about to warn Granny Yin, but it was already too late.


 The sluggish looking Nian Er Ping Zhi suddenly let out extremely sharp, mysterious light from his eyes.


 This change immediately froze Granny Yin’s ecstatic laughter.


 Granny Yin’s mind sent out warnings of danger, she wanted to get back to defend herself but it was already late.


 An extremely stunning sword light flashed!


 Life and death, victory and loss, were determined within this moment of time.


 The dark souls were still hovering around, but Granny Yin was already starting to fall down, cut into two by the sword light.


 She was gazing at Nian Er Ping Zhi with an incredulous look on her face, unable to think of how he had suddenly gotten free from her signature trump card.


 “Bewitching soul art is Granny Yin’s proudest method, which she used when she roamed Northern Plains, but it was actually ineffective against Nian Er Ping Zhi?” Chu Du and his group of immortals paled in shock.


 “What’s going on?” Inside Golden Dawn Hall, the righteous path Gu Immortals were both surprised and joyous.


 “This is sword heart clarity, it is an immortal killer move in Sword Saint true inheritance, especially used to restrict wisdom path and other similar methods. Few of the Sword Childs in history could use it.” Nian Er Yi Fang laughed heartily, not giving up this chance to increase Nian Er tribe’s prestige.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin could not help thinking: “Is he saying Nian Er Ping Zhi is outstanding even when placed among all the Sword Childs in history?”


 He was a genius of Ye Lui tribe, but unfortunately had lost to Xue Wu Hen.


 On the contrary, Nian Er Ping Zhi had killed the rank seven demonic path expert Granny Yin. Comparing the two, it was clear for everyone who was better and who was worse.


 “This Nian Er Yi Fang is truly crafty. He clearly knew Nian Er Ping Zhi’s situation was of no concern, but still pretended to rush out in panic to save Nian Er Ping Zhi.” Chou Lao Wu mumbled behind Chu Du, feeling indignant.


 One had to say Nian Er Yi Fang had acted really well.


 Because of his acting, the Gu Immortals of both sides had subconsciously thought Nian Er Ping Zhi was in absolute danger.


 Even Granny Yin was deceived.


 “No, maybe it was Granny Yin who was too confident in her immortal killer move bewitching soul art.” Chu Du assessed internally: “And this Nian Er Ping Zhi is also not just a brutish person, he actually pretended to be struck by the ability, deceiving Granny Yin. The killer move he used to kill Granny Yin is also not simple, it is terrifyingly powerful and also extremely fast, it is virtually impossible to guard against. It should be one sword life, an immortal killer move used by Sword Saint Nian Er in his younger days!”


 “Come back quickly.” Nian Er Yi Fang was in high spirits, but quickly and anxiously transmitted his voice to Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi had killed Granny Yin, but he had also suffered heavy injuries.


 He quickly retreated, but before leaving, he naturally brought the two halves of Granny Yin’s body with him.


 One half of the corpse had Granny Yin’s immortal aperture.


 This was Nian Er Ping Zhi’s spoils of battle.


 Chu Sect did not stop him, this was one of the rules stated in the competition agreement.


 It was like when Xue Wu Hen who had stored away Gu Immortal Liu Hui’s corpse.


 However, Xue Wu Hen might have won three battles, but he only killed the rank six Gu Immortal Liu Hui. While Nian Er Ping Zhi might have only won one battle, but he took a rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal, Granny Yin’s, life.


 Thus, the righteous path’s side was slightly leading.


 Chu Du was feeling the pressure.


 The slight dominance brought by Xue Wu Hen had now been balanced out by Nian Er Ping Zhi.


 “Who should I send in this next battle?”


 Chu Du was hesitating.


 Soon, the result of this battle reached Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was still in Lang Ya blessed land, cultivating.


 “Nian Er Ping Zhi killed Granny Yin?” Fang Yuan was only slightly surprised before he accepted this fact.


 There were many genius experts who were able to achieve the feat of winning against rank seven with rank six cultivation.


 But using rank seven cultivation to fight rank eight was extremely rare.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi... Fang Yuan did not have any impression of this person in his memories. After all, in his first life, Fang Yuan was still a mortal around this time, and was not at all aware of the events in the Gu Immortal world or Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 What made Fang Yuan more interested was instead Xue Wu Hen.


 Precisely speaking, it was the loot in Xue Wu Hen’s possession — that Gu Immortal, Liu Hui’s, blessed land.


 “Gu Immortal Liu Hui is an earth path Gu Immortal who has gone through two heavenly tribulations, his blessed land is suitable for me to annex. With this, my cultivation can also rise and reach rank seven.”


 As he thought of this, Fang Yuan immediately wrote a reply.


 He took the initiative to request for Chu Du’s help in expressing his intention of buying the immortal aperture from Xue Wu Hen.


 As for the invitation of Chu Du asking Fang Yuan to help, Fang Yuan used the reason of being in secluded cultivation to delay in a roundabout way.


 “I need to raise my cultivation to rank seven first, it won’t be too late to join this blood battle martial competition then.”


 Fang Yuan slightly shook his head, throwing the news of this blood battle martial competition to the back of his mind.


 The Chu Sect alliance agreement he had was rather lenient. Even if Chu Sect was annihilated, Fang Yuan could choose not to show up and it would not be a problem.


 Fang Yuan prioritized raising his cultivation, all the other things were secondary.


 Chu Du received Fang Yuan’s reply.


 Fang Yuan did not come, which made Chu Du frown.


 “Sigh, if Elder Liu Guan Yi could come, I would not be in this difficult spot.” Chu Du heaved a sigh.


 Xue Wu Hen was standing beside Chu Du, and curiously asked when he heard Chu Du: “Hearing Brother Chu’s tone, it seems you hold this Elder Liu Guan Yi in high esteem.”


 Chu Du laughed: “He had mentioned you in his letter, hoping you can sell Liu Hui’s immortal aperture to him.”


 Xue Wu Hen shook his head: “I could not get Liu Hui’s Immortal Gu, but the resources inside the immortal aperture are my battle spoils. I don’t know their value, so how can I sell them?”


 His intention of refusal was extremely obvious.



***
Chapter 1197 - Sword Dragon Transformation


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Chu Du smiled.


 Deep down, Xue Wu Hen was someone he wanted to recruit to his Chu Sect, so he had been giving him a lot of consideration.


 However, Fang Yuan was his collaboration partner, later on he would have to get Reckless Savage’s true meaning from Fang Yuan to raise his strength path attainment.


 Chu Du was well aware of which was more important.


 “In his letter, Liu Guan Yi entrusted me to accomplish this matter.” Chu Du thought to himself, while transmitting his voice to Xue Wu Hen, “Brother Xue, collaborating with Elder Liu Guan Yi is probably your best choice to get the resources in Liu Hui’s aperture.”


 “How so?” Xue Wu Hen asked doubtfully.


 “Because Elder Liu has an upper extreme heavenly eagle. This eagle can go into blessed lands, it is better for you take away the resources in the immortal aperture and give the immortal aperture to Elder Liu, making him add on some resources as the price. Isn’t this a win-win situation?” Chu Du replied.


 Xue Wu Hen’s eyes brightened.


 “Upper extreme heavenly eagle?! I have also heard of this immemorial beast, I did not expect Elder Liu Guan Yi to have such a rare bird.”


 Pausing for a while, Xue Wu Hen continued his voice transmission: “I am willing to transact with Elder Liu!”


 Right as Fang Yuan’s plan was about to succeed, a change happened.


 A Gu Immortal walked out of Golden Dawn Hall.


 “It is a Liu tribe Gu Immortal, Liu Zhuan Shen!” Immortal Wang immediately recognized this person.


 “He is coming down to fight?” Chu Du’s side cast their gazes.


 However, Liu Zhuan Shen did not go to the stage, instead stopped at the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall: “Lord Domination Immortal, my side is willing to use Granny Yin’s corpse to exchange for Elder Liu Hui’s corpse and soul.”


 Liu Hui’s corpse had ended up in enemy hands, Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals naturally were not willing to see such a scene.


 The corpse was still alright, the main thing was the soul.


 Liu Hui’s soul had not been destroyed.


 Therefore, Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals wanted to get back Liu Hui’s corpse and soul no matter what.


 However, Liu Zhuan Shen did not have enough bargaining chips on him, and was also afraid that the other side would be very greedy and recklessly extort them, if so, then the situation would be quite awkward and they would be put on the spot.


 So, Liu Zhuan Shen and the other Liu tribe Gu Immortals felt anxious, but did not make a rash move.


 After Nian Er Ping Zhi killed Granny Yin, Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals saw hope in this matter.


 Liu Zhuan Shen had thus communicated with Nian Er tribe, and after giving up many benefits, had exchanged for Granny Yin’s corpse.


 An immortal aperture was inside Granny Yin’s corpse, and for the moment, was unharmed.


 It was only that Granny Yin’s soul was already destroyed by Nian Er Ping Zhi. Nian Er Ping Zhi had a tough victory and simply was unable to hold back.


 Granny Yin’s soul was completely destroyed by the immortal killer move one sword life.


 However, as far as Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals were concerned, Granny Yin was rank seven while Liu Hui was only rank six, this transaction was very likely to be accomplished.


 Chu Du’s side heard these words, and there was immediately a stir among them, as they began to whisper to each other.


 Chu Du inwardly exclaimed: “Amazing, this Liu Zhuan Shen has quite the ability, putting me in such a spot.”


 Chu Du did not have to turn around to sense the disturbance among the Gu Immortals behind him.


 Granny Yin moved alone and had few relations with other Gu Immortals, most of her relationships were even hostile. Granny Yin had come this time only because of Chu Du’s prestige and the rewards.


 However, Chu Du knew these Gu Immortals behind him hoped the two sides could exchange the corpses.


 The reason was that this blood battle martial competition had just begun, in the following battles, there might be Gu Immortals whose bodies and souls would perish in battle.


 If that was the case, so be it, since there was no body nor soul.


 But if they lost their life and their soul was left behind in the enemy’s hands, what could they do?


 Under such a situation, they could only rely on their side’s Gu Immortals to help retrieve their soul.


 “If I agree to Liu Zhuan Shen’s request, I can stabilize these Gu Immortals’ mindsets and lessen their worries. Otherwise, the morale will probably lower which can seriously impact the following battles.”


 Chu Du understood the importance of this matter.


 Most of the members of Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe were lone immortals or demonic cultivators. They were not well united to begin with, they only took this risk because of the reputations of Domination Immortal and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, as well as the rewards.


 If Chu Du were to refuse now, these Gu Immortals would probably be self-conscious and be on guard against each other.


 Chu Du hesitated for a while, apologizing to Liu Guan Yi inwardly, before he spoke, agreeing to this transaction.


 Liu Zhuan Shen was joyous, both sides exchanged the corpses.


 Xue Wu Hen had lost a rank six earth path immortal aperture and Gu Immortal soul, but obtained a rank seven soul path immortal aperture. While Chu Du had also secretly made it up to him with some snow path killer moves.


 So, he was quite happy with this result.


 Anyway, even if he interrogated Liu Hui’s soul and obtained earth path killer moves, they would be useless to him.


 After both sides exchanged the corpses, Gong Wan Ting also saw the importance of this matter, and took the initiative to negotiate with Chu Du.


 Because of this event, both sides had thus conveniently added a rule in the blood battle martial competition regarding the exchange of corpses and soul captives.


 After a delay of half a day, both sides engaged in another battle.


 Chu Du’s side sent a Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal, it was the previous Hei tribe supreme elder. The actual Bai Zu bloodline members were still being taken care of.


 Before this trip, Chu Du had received Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s instructions to protect as many Bai Zu tribe descendants as possible.


 Because of this setback, Fang Yuan’s plan went down the drain.


 Not long later, he received Chu Du’s letter, the letter explained the reason in detail. Chu Du’s tone was polite and even apologized to Fang Yuan for not fulfilling what he was entrusted with.


 Fang Yuan understood Chu Du’s difficulty.


 He was standing in a Gu refinement secret room, mumbling to himself: “I don’t have a use for a soul path immortal aperture. It seems I still have to make a move personally and seize the immortal aperture that I want, and advance to rank seven.”


 However, there were many forces in the blood battle martial competition, although Fang Yuan had familiar face, he still needed some new offensive methods.


 After all, he had proclaimed to the outside world that he was a transformation path Gu Immortal.


 “I have flying bear strength Immortal Gu, but the power of the flying bear transformation is quite poor.”


 “Fortunately, I have been considering this beforehand and have many possible solutions now!”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze landed on the dragon corpse in front of him.


 This was a desolate beast.


 Its whole body was shining with silvery light, its horn was sharp as a spear, its eyes were pure white, its fangs and claws looked fearsome, many layers of scales covered its body emitting metallic luster.


 This was a silver colored dragon.


 The whole body was twenty feet long, its body was slender and its shape was fluid and graceful. It was like a piece of art, but it emitted a dense cold feeling of sharpness, as if anyone who got close to it would be pierced through by the surrounding air.


 This was not a false feeling, but it was because this silver dragon with two claws was originally a sword path desolate beast—— Sword Dragon.


 Now, it was already dead, its sword path dao marks were gradually dissipating, merging into the surrounding environment.


 This was the transformation Fang Yuan had prepared to cultivate ——Sword Dragon Transformation!


 “The killer move sword dragon transformation needs dragon scale Gu, dragon horn Gu, dragon claw Gu, dragon eyes Gu, and so on. If any one of the Gu worms is an Immortal Gu, then it becomes an immortal killer move.”


 “But I have change form Immortal Gu, this Gu is one of the core essences of transformation path. Thus, I don’t need to refine immortal level dragon scale Gu, dragon horn Gu, dragon claw Gu or dragon eyes Gu, and only need to refine the mortal Gu versions, and use change form Immortal Gu as the core, to form immortal killer move sword dragon transformation.”


 Transformation path killer moves were extremely simple.


 It could even be said to be rudimentary.


 This was one of the advantages of cultivating transformation path.


 Immortal killer moves of other paths were not easy to deduce, but transformation path was completely different in this aspect.


 Adding on that Fang Yuan himself was a wisdom path grandmaster, not only did he successfully deduced the contents of sword dragon transformation, but also improved on many aspects, making the transformation faster and nimbler.


 Naturally, Gu Immortal Han Dong had a contribution in this.


 He was a transformation path Gu Immortal who specialized in cultivating spirit snake transformation.


 A dragon had a similar body shape and battle style. Although Han Dong died and his soul had dissipated, he had left behind a land spirit which retained some of Han Dong’s cultivation insights, it was enough for Fang Yuan to take as a reference. 

 He started activating the Gu refinement formation and began to refine this desolate beast sword dragon.


 The desolate beast sword dragon was full of sword path dao marks and in itself was an immortal material which could be refined into Immortal Gu.


 However, Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment was not particularly high, and with just this sword dragon, the immortal materials to refine the relevant Immortal Gu were also not sufficient, so Fang Yuan was refining only mortal Gu to support change form Immortal Gu.


 The refinement process went rather smoothly.


 Fang Yuan himself was a Gu Immortal and was using precious immortal materials to refine some rank five mortal Gu, the success rate was naturally extremely high and could even be said to be quite easy.


 Some days later.


 Fang Yuan stood still and took in a deep breath, his mind was still. Suddenly, thoughts surged up like a storm, as Gu worms started activating one after the other.


 In just a breath of time, Fang Yuan’s whole body emitted piercing silvery radiance.


 After the silver light dissipated, an elegant and exquisite silver sword dragon that was emitting a feeling of sharpness appeared.


 The sword dragon’s eyes were white, but they flashed with intelligence.


 It was Fang Yuan!


 “Immortal killer move sword dragon transformation has already been refined. Next...”


 Fang Yuan began to get familiar with his body, brandishing his claws and fangs, or flying in the sky.


 His practice drills went quite decently, it was because he had already begun cultivating transformation path. Not only the flying bear transformation, many times, he had used change form Immortal Gu to transform into all kinds of appearances, although they had not reached mastery, he could be said to be familiar with them.


 After thoroughly getting familiar with this form, Fang Yuan began to test the might of this immortal killer move.


 First was the expenditure of immortal essence.


 Very little.


 The expenditure of green grape immortal essence to maintain the sword dragon transformation was not high. After all, it only involved rank six change form Immortal Gu.


 Next was his battle strength.


 Fang Yuan had already arranged immortal materials in front of him.


 First was a piece of hundred years profound ice, he swept at it with his claws, Fang Yuan felt like he had sliced into tofu, he easily smashed this profound ice into pieces.


 Next, Fang Yuan moved to the subterranean adamantite and clawed at it!


 Subterranean adamantite was among the hardest rank six immortal materials, it immediately showed a clear claw marking that reached a few inches deep.


 Fang Yuan was immediately aware of the limit of the power of his dragon claws, he did not need to test it on the rank seven immortal material at the side.



***
Chapter 1198 - Dragon Breath


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living beings.


 Human intelligence was the highest among all the living beings. However, the way of heaven was to have balance, humans were highest in intelligence, but their bodies were extremely fragile.


 Humans did not have sharp claws, fur, wings, or gills.


 The strength of humans might not be the weakest but it was at the bottom tier. They were fundamentally unable to contest with typical desolate beasts.


 Human skin was no different from paper compared to desolate beasts.


 However, when Fang Yuan transformed into a desolate beast sword dragon, he obtained the qualities of a sword dragon. Although there was still a difference from a true sword dragon, he was already far beyond the limits of humans.


 The initial concept when transformation path was created was —


 Study all living beings and add the advantages of those beings to one’s own body.


 Humans did not have sharp claws, so transform human fingers into claws. Humans did not have fur, so transform one’s hair into fur.


 If one is without wings, then create wings, and fly like the birds in the sky. If one has no gills, transform into a fish, and swim in the depths of the sea.


 Naturally, by the current era, the concept of transformation path was not limited to just this.


 Using one path to project every path had become transformation path’s main principle, imitating the advantages of other paths.


 As time passed, there were bound to be improvements.


 The wheels of history would keep on turning forward.


 Ever since Reckless Savage Demon Venerable created transformation path, this path had not declined and was passed down throughout human history, moreover, new ideas replaced the old, causing it to thrive even now.


 Fang Yuan lightly stretched out his dragon body, flying to the rank seven immortal material.


 This was a giant dark inkstone, among rank seven immortal materials, it was considered very firm and had the characteristic of being difficult to process.


 His dragon claws slashed at it, but were unable to leave any trace.


 Fang Yuan had already expected this, thus he did not use only his claws, instead, he turned his body and suddenly whipped his tail!


 Ping.


 A sharp sound resounded as the dragon tail fiercely whipped at the dark inkstone.


 Pain could be felt from the dragon tail, causing Fang Yuan to take a sharp breath of cold air.


 While on the dark inkstone’s surface, a thin crack appeared.


 Just based on the dragon tail’s whip, it was more menacing than the claws.


 This was an attribute of the sword dragon.


 Many dragons’ characteristics differed in subtle aspects.


 Some dragons had extremely sharp fangs, their strong bite power surpassing the power of their claws and tail. Some dragons were better at ripping, their claws were their most powerful weapons.


 And the sword dragon was slender and nimble, the power of its tail surpassed its two small claws.


 And above the power of its tail was the sword dragon’s speed.


 Fang Yuan had already practiced it, the sword dragon was not powerful in long distance attacks, but its burst of speed from an unmoving state was impressive.


 Although it could not compare to sword escape Immortal Gu, it was not inferior to Fang Yuan’s blood path movement killer move — Blood Torrent.


 Moreover, because it was the sword dragon’s own innate movement speed, Fang Yuan could change directions much more nimbly than blood torrent, and it was much easier to maneuver as well.


 And the sword dragon’s strongest weapon was its dragon breath.


 Dragons could breathe out attacks.


 This was almost an innate ability of any dragon.


 It was like the upper extreme heavenly eagle, having the innate ability to penetrate space and enter blessed lands and grotto-heavens. It was just that the dragon’s breath was a very common ability, while the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s ability was rare.


 Upper extreme heavenly eagles were very rare, rank eight Gu Immortal Hei Fan had also obtained one through a fortuitous encounter. Besides him, no one had obtained another upper extreme heavenly eagle in Hei tribe’s history.


 Whoosh!


 Fang Yuan tested his dragon breath.


 In an instant, a white light flashed and shot at the rank six immortal material subterranean adamantite.


 The subterranean adamantite shook lightly before the dragon breath disappeared, the whole process was very fast, it was as if nothing had occurred.


 But the next moment, changes started to slowly appear in the subterranean adamantite, a clear crack appeared on the subterranean adamantite, the whole crack was incomparably straight, going from top to bottom in a slightly inclined angle.


 The subterranean adamantite was split into two by this thin crack. Then, due to the subterranean adamantite’s enormous weight, the two halves fell down.


 Bam bam, two consecutive muffled sounds echoed.


 The boulder sized subterranean adamantite had split into two and fallen to the ground.


 The cut surface was smooth, like it was directly split by the sharpest weapon in the world.


 Fang Yuan’s dragon claws could only leave behind marks a few inches deep. But his dragon breath was incomparably sharp, cutting down this giant subterranean adamantite into two!


 It had to be known that subterranean adamantite was considered among the hardest rank six immortal materials.


 The might of the sword dragon’s breath could be seen from this.


 Despite Fang Yuan being mentally prepared, upon seeing the two halves of the subterranean adamantite, he could not help slightly nodding his dragon head in satisfaction.


 Next, he continued to test.


 He used his dragon breath on the rank seven immortal material dark inkstone.


 Dark inkstone was even firmer than subterranean adamantite, the dragon breath was like sword light, cutting open marks several inches deep on the dark inkstone.


 Fang Yuan continuously breathed it out sixteen times before he reached his limit.


 For a short period of time, he would not be able to send out his dragon breath, he felt like a traveler in a desert who had not drank water for over half a month, his throat was extremely dry. If he tried to use dragon breath any more, he had the feeling he would destroy his throat.


 Consecutively using dragon breath sixteen times changed the appearance of the whole dark inkstone. There were sword marks everywhere on it, it looked somewhat scary.


 After resting for some time, Fang Yuan felt he had recovered to some degree.


 He breathed out again, sure enough, he used the seventeenth dragon breath!


 Fang Yuan engraved this duration in his mind.


 He was continuously estimating: ‘With just my own strength, I can use dragon breath sixteen times in a row. After resting for about five minutes, I will recover and can continue to breathe it out. But it is just barely possible, and after breathing out the seventeenth dragon breath, I will once again fall into the previous plight and will still need to rest for five minutes of time.”


 “If I add some dragon breath mortal Gu in this, I should be able to increase the amount of times I can use dragon breath.”


 Fang Yuan had not yet combined dragon breath Gu in this sword dragon transformation immortal killer move.


 Dragon breath Gu was quite difficult to refine.


 This was because the material to refine this Gu worm was the breath of dragons.


 This dragon Fang Yuan obtained was dead, he had waited for a long time in treasure yellow heaven before he found someone selling it, and he had to pay a considerable price to buy it.


 Only a living dragon could send its breath out, which could then be used as material to refine dragon breath Gu.


 Naturally, if the Gu recipe was modified and other materials were used to substitute for dragon breath, it could be done. But Fang Yuan clearly did not have such ability.


 Besides a living sword dragon, other living dragons also could be used to refine dragon breath Gu.


 However, such a dragon breath Gu might be the same in name, but would have some slight differences. Although it could be used, some other mortal Gu had to be added in to remove the differences.


 Transformation path was somewhat particular about this aspect.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had specifically refined all the required Gu like dragon scale Gu, dragon claw Gu and so on from the sword dragon’s corpse.


 By using these Gu worms, he could much more quickly and conveniently activate the immortal killer move, sword dragon transformation.


 The testing of the killer move was finished, the results were in line with Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 He had pondered deeply about choosing sword dragon transformation, and he had deduced these results in detail prior to this.


 “With just a rank six Immortal Gu as the core, sword dragon transformation has a certain level of battle strength, but it is still not enough against rank seven Gu Immortals.”


 Normally speaking, rank seven Gu Immortals had defensive methods that were stronger than dark inkstone.


 Fang Yuan used the strongest weapon of his sword dragon transformation, dragon breath, but was only able to deform this dark inkstone.


 This sword dragon transformation was not sufficient for display in the blood battle martial competition.


 Fang Yuan was well aware of this.


 He naturally had follow-up methods.


 Cancelling his transformation, he flew out of his cloud city and soon arrived in front of Lang Ya land spirit.


 Fang Yuan directly expressed his intent: “Greetings to first supreme elder, I am here to exchange for sect contribution points.”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes flashed with joy, he knew Fang Yuan had obtained Hei Fan grotto-heaven, had the status of an inheritor of Thieving Heaven, wrecked Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and definitely had many good things in his hands.


 And for Lang Ya Sect to develop, it naturally needed better and more precious cultivation resources.


 However, Lang Ya land spirit could not force other Gu Immortals to hand over their resources, this would conflict with their interests, and Lang Ya Sect would then fall apart.


 “It is good you have such thoughts.” Lang Ya land spirit was greatly interested, “What do you want to contribute to the sect this time?”


 “First, take a look at this.” Fang Yuan brought out an item.


 “A Gu Immortal’s soul?” Lang Ya land spirit frowned, souls of Gu Immortals could be treated as a type of immortal material, and had more value if they were of a soul path Gu Immortal. There was even more value in the cultivation memories in the Gu Immortal’s soul.


 Gu Immortal souls were naturally not common.


 Many Gu Immortals had methods to detonate their soul, Shadow Sect were most adept in this. Back then, when Feng Jiu Ge had battled Qin Bai Sheng before he recovered his memories, he had sensed the latter had a powerful soul detonation method, and thus let go of Qin Bai Sheng, not willing to fight to such a desperate extent.


 When Gu Immortals battle, it would not be easy for them to hold back. Just like when Nian Er Ping Zhi killed Granny Yin, he directly destroyed her soul.


 Lang Ya land spirit accepted this Gu Immortal soul, but he found this soul was already tampered with by Fang Yuan and could no longer be soul searched, only being used as immortal material.


 “Like this, this Gu Immortal soul can only exchange for a hundred contribution points.” Lang Ya land spirit said with slight disappointment.


 Fang Yuan, however, smiled: “No, I think the price can be slightly higher. We can place this Gu Immortal soul in Dang Hun Mountain and turn it into guts Gu. Gu Immortal souls are extraordinary, they are supreme goods, this will definitely turn into a large sum of guts Gu. Recently, we have not been able to increase the production of guts Gu, with this Gu Immortal soul, we can definitely satisfy the rockman tribe’s requests.”


 Lang Ya land spirit came to a realization and nodded: “It is indeed true.”


 He estimated the price again and said: “This rank six Gu Immortal soul can be considered as two hundred and ten sect contribution points then.”



***
Chapter 1199 - Huge Sale


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan nodded in agreement.


 This price was fair, the value of the Gu Immortal soul had increased because of guts Gu.


 Since the four races alliance was set, the rockman tribe below the northern icy plain requested for a large amount of guts Gu as they had an extremely urgent need for them.


 However, guts Gu had always been sold at a fixed price in treasure yellow heaven. This price could not be reduced, after all, they had to consider the long term.


 Currently, although the rockman tribe’s relation with Lang Ya Sect was close, most of the guts Gu were still sold at treasure yellow heaven.


 Because of the monopoly on guts Gu, they could not only exchange guts Gu for immortal essence stones, but also exchange for many immortal materials and other resources.


 In the resource-scarce northern icy plain, the payment the rockman tribe could provide was not able to satisfy Lang Ya Sect’s development requirements.


 For the benefit of the whole sect, Lang Ya land spirit would not make the rockman tribe the main trade partner.


 The rockman tribe was dissatisfied but had no choice regarding this.


 In short, the production of guts Gu was far from enough to meet the demand in the market. Especially in regards to Southern Border, because of the righteous path Gu Immortals exploring the giant dream realm repeatedly, they had excessive demands for the guts Gu in treasure yellow heaven.


 This even created a black market for guts Gu.


 Some guts Gu were resold at a much higher price.


 Lang Ya Sect had repeatedly raised the price of guts Gu, but the item was still extremely popular, the whole market was like an insatiable monster and even though Lang Ya Sect was already putting full effort in producing guts Gu, it simply was unable to satisfy the terrifying appetite of this monster.


 Among Fang Yuan’s revenue sources, the profits from the guts Gu trade had already soared far ahead, entering its own level.


 Guts gu was the greatest contributor to Fang Yuan being able to repeatedly use rank seven Immortal Gu in battle and easily replenishing his reserves of green grape immortal essence at set intervals.


 Lang Ya land spirit received this Gu Immortal soul and spoke: “Man is the spirit of all living beings, with this Gu Immortal soul, we can indeed increase the production of guts Gu to a huge degree next time. Unfortunately, Gu Immortal souls can only be found by fortunate circumstances and not sought out. In the future, the primary investment for this aspect is still in Tai Qiu. Fang Yuan, if you are free, make a few trips to Tai Qiu. Desolate beast and desolate plant souls might be far inferior to Gu Immortal souls, but we can offset it with quantity and the source is also stable. With you taking action, we should be able to develop even more quickly in Tai Qiu.”


 Lang Ya land spirit thought highly of Fang Yuan’s ability.


 However, Fang Yuan replied: “I will be going to take part in blood battle martial competition soon, I am afraid I won’t have time to split my attention. This is a second Gu Immortal soul, I hope first supreme elder can verify its quality.”


 “Second?” Lang Ya land spirit raised his eyebrows, but was not surprised.


 He knew some details about Fang Yuan, and was not surprised at Fang Yuan selling some Gu Immortal souls.


 “This is a featherman Gu Immortal’s soul.” When Lang Ya land spirit inspected it, he was slightly surprised. Variant humans were suppressed, variant human Gu Immortals were extremely rare. He had not expected Fang Yuan to have a featherman Gu Immortal’s soul.


 “This is your kill?” Lang Ya land spirit casually asked.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Right.”


 This Gu Immortal soul was of a featherman, Zheng Ling, the previous soul was Xue Song Zi’s.


 Lang Ya Sect was a hairy man sect, regarding an unknown featherman Gu Immortal’s soul, Lang Ya land spirit decided to take it and did not have the intention to investigate further.


 Thus, Fang Yuan gained several hundred contribution points.


 Immediately afterwards, he brought out a third Gu Immortal soul.


 Lang Ya land spirit smiled: “It seems you intend to sell a lot today. Alright, just take out all the Gu Immortal souls you want to sell.”


 “Alright.” Fang Yuan started taking out Gu Immortal souls one after the other.


 He truly had many Gu Immortal souls.


 There were souls of Dong Fang Chang Fan, Xue Song Zi, Zheng Ling and others from before. Later, in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he killed a group. Then finally, he received even more souls in the turbulent flow sea area.


 When Fang Yuan took out three Gu Immortal souls in a row, Lang Ya land spirit smiled.


 When Fang Yuan took out six, Lang Ya land spirit was surprised, he subconsciously stood a little from his seat, as if he wanted to come closer to check.


 When Fang Yuan took out the tenth Gu Immortal soul, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, he started pointing at Fang Yuan: “How did you kill so many people?”


 Fang Yuan smiled: “It was just luck.”


 He then continued to take out Gu Immortal souls.


 Finally, when Lang Ya land spirit saw Gu Immortal souls all around in the surroundings, he was extremely shocked.


 “I finally understand why you are not able to blend in with humans and sided with us variant humans!” Lang Ya land spirit was left speechless.


 “You only have rank six cultivation!” Lang Ya land spirit knew details about Fang Yuan, because familiar face was given to Fang Yuan by him.


 “How long has it been since you became an immortal? You also still had to travel around here and there to revive yourself. Killing so many people, you are simply like Spectral Soul Demon Venerable when he was young.”


 Fang Yuan gave a forced smile when he heard the name Spectral Soul: “I am contributing all these souls to the sect, besides this, I also have many cultivation insights, Gu recipes of all paths, Immortal Gu recipes, killer moves and immortal killer moves. Even battlefield killer moves as well as up-to-date maps of each region, which will make it more convenient for my fellow sect members to move in the outside world.”


 Fang Yuan was undergoing a huge sale!


 Lang Ya blessed land’s history was extremely long, it had incomparably rich treasures which were even coveted by Heavenly Court and always in the minds of Shadow Sect.


 But Fang Yuan had killed so many people, and the things he obtained from soul searching were also extremely abundant.


 Most of the treasures in Lang Ya blessed land were payment received in the past by Long Hair Ancestor by refining Gu for others. While some were items purchased by Lang Ya land spirit through treasure yellow heaven.


 Among these treasures, the former were stored ages ago, Long Hair Ancestor was a person from three hundred thousand years ago, a figure of the Medieval Antiquity Era.


 And the latter could be sold at treasure yellow heaven, one could imagine that the top quality goods among them were sparse, although they would also have rare items.


 As for these things Fang Yuan contributed, most of them were the entire foundation of the Gu Immortals, these things were as precious as life to them. Not to mention that they were new creations that would also not be sold for no reason in treasure yellow heaven.


 In this regard, Lang Ya land spirit did not reject any offers.


 He was different from the previous Lang Ya land spirit, the previous Lang Ya land spirit was only interested in refining Gu, while he was brimming with ambitions, creating Lang Ya Sect and wholeheartedly trying to make hairy men the rulers of the world, restoring their glory from the Immemorial Antiquity Era and Remote Antiquity Era.


 Currently, Lang Ya Sect primarily used refinement path, most of the hairy man Gu Immortals cultivated transformation path as well.


 Lang Ya Sect wanted to become a large sect, completing Lang Ya land spirit’s ambition, for this they needed to incorporate various kinds of things and possess Gu Immortals of all paths. Like the great Huang Jin tribe super forces of Northern Plains, the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent and so on.


 Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points rose steeply.


 In another cloud city.


 Twelfth Hair was in the midst of refining Gu.


 “Oh no, there is an error!” Suddenly, his expression changed as the fire he was controlling suddenly weakened.


 He quickly activated Gu worms, spurting out blood into the fire.


 Whoosh.


 The fire burned high once again, Twelfth Hair was pale, his body shivering uncontrollably. He had just been injured by the backlash caused by failing in Gu refinement, blood was slowly seeping out of his seven orifices, causing the hair on his whole body to moisten with blood.


 His wide-opened eyes were filled with traces of blood, as they firmly focused on the fire.


 After a while, the burning fire suddenly erupted and disappeared.


 The refinement path Gu formation opened up, revealing over a hundred self will Gu.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals raised by the previous Lang Ya land spirit had extremely weak battle strength, but had strong Gu refinement ability.


 These self will Gu were only mortal Gu but they were rank five. Twelfth Hair could refine over a hundred of these rank five self will Gu at once, revealing his extraordinary refinement path attainment.


 Twelfth Hair thought to himself that it was a close shave, he rejoiced: “Fortunately, I sacrificed myself to make up for the mistake. Otherwise, these self will Gu would be destroyed, not only would it waste the effort I spent over these last few days to refine these Gu, I would also have to compensate for it with three times the refinement materials.”


 To increase the production of self will Gu, Fang Yuan not only used his sect contribution points to attract other hairy man Gu Immortals to refine them for him, he also supplied them immortal materials out of his own pockets, letting these hairy man Gu Immortals use these immortal materials to refine mortal Gu.


 The hairy man Gu Immortals no longer had disdain and disgust towards Fang Yuan like before.


 Fang Yuan possessed rank eight battle strength, causing these hairy man Gu Immortals to be filled with respect. Moreover, after such a strong financial ability was revealed, these hairy man Gu Immortals accepted the difference between them and Fang Yuan even more.


 Strong dizziness assaulted Twelfth Hair’s mind.


 “Refining self will Gu eleven times without pausing is truly too consuming on the body and mind. The mistake just now is a warning that I need to rest. I need to quickly recover and accept some of these self will Gu refinement assignments later to earn more immortal essence stones.”


 Twelfth Hair had a bitter expression when he thought of immortal essence stones, heaving a deep sigh.


 “Desolate beasts are not easy to raise.”


 “These desolate beasts all have great appetites, there is a huge burden on me every month to feed and raise them!”


 “More importantly, beast enslavement Immortal Gu is only lent to me, every time I borrow it, I will have to pay with sect contribution points according to the period of time.”


 “Considering the long term, I definitely need to buy this beast enslavement Immortal Gu. But rank six beast enslavement Immortal Gu needs up to ten thousand sect contribution points...”


 Twelfth Hair took out an information path Gu worm.


 This Gu worm had one use, to display the sect contribution points of all Gu Immortals in Lang Ya Sect and rank them accordingly.


 Simply put, it was Lang Ya Sect’s contribution list.


 Twelfth Hair looked into it with his consciousness and easily found his name in the upper half of the list.


 Then he saw a series of numbers beside his name.


 “Over six hundred sect contribution points, but I am still way too far from my target!” Twelfth Hair gave a bitter smile, feeling he had a long way to go.


 “But the other hairy man Gu Immortals are also similar to me, some are even worse than me.”


 “My advantage lies in that I cultivate enslavement path as well, and now already have several desolate beasts with me. I can obtain sect contribution points more easily than others.”



***
Chapter 1200 - Dragon Breath Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “That’s right, this is my advantage, I need to prioritize my strengths from now on and make full use of my talents in battle.”


 “I can use this to break the deadlock and drive up my cultivation speed.”


 “According to this development, my strength will continue to grow and the sect will need me more often. When I have strength like Elder Fang Yuan, the sect contribution points will be solely mine to take!”


 “Cheer up, these days will keep on improving, Twelfth Hair, you need to continue working hard and reach your peak in life!”


 Twelfth Hair’s mood changed, and his fighting spirit gradually returned.


 As he thought of Fang Yuan, he subconsciously glanced at the first name of Lang Ya Sect’s contribution list.


 Last time, because of the four races alliance, Fang Yuan had obtained a thousand sect contribution points which had caused the hairy man Gu Immortals’ mouths to water in envy.


 But recently, because Fang Yuan had issued large numbers of Gu refinement tasks, his sect contribution points had been continuing to dwindle, and quickly at that.


 Fang Yuan’s name still occupied first on the list, but the gap with the second ranked hairy man Gu Immortal was getting smaller and smaller.


 A lot of hairy man Gu Immortals were waiting for the time when Fang Yuan’s name was surpassed.


 Fang Yuan was a human Gu Immortal possessing rank eight battle strength, surpassing him at the contribution list would give a different sensation to the hairy man Gu Immortals.


 It would be an enormous glory!


 However, the next moment, Twelfth Hair’s whole body suddenly stiffened.


 He remained still like a stone statue.


 Because he saw the number behind Fang Yuan’s name.


 “Over fifteen thousand sect contribution points, how could it be?!” Twelfth Hair almost felt like he was hallucinating.


 Ever since Lang Ya Sect was established, there had been no one who had obtained so many sect contribution points.


 At most, at one time, Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points had reached above two thousand, before it started rapidly falling.


 Now, Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points had passed fifteen thousand!


 Unbelievable!


 This was an unprecedented record!


 Twelfth Hair’s heart shook wildly, but the following scene made him even more shocked.


 Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points were continuously rising!


 Fifteen thousand, eighteen thousand, twenty thousand, thirty thousand... fifty thousand, sixty thousand...


 The number kept on rising steeply!


 “It surpassed... eighty thousand!” Twelfth Hair was stupefied at the sight. What made him even more astonished was that Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points still showed no signs of stopping!


 When it reached over ninety thousand, suddenly, Fang Yuan’s total sect contribution points decreased by over seventy thousand!


 Only over ten thousand was left now.


 “What is happening?”


 “Could it be, I actually refined Gu so much that I am starting to hallucinate?”


 “This, this is a dream?”


 “Ah, no!”


 Twelfth Hair suddenly shook and snapped back to awareness.


 “Over seventy thousand sect contribution points suddenly disappeared, Fang Yuan definitely exchanged for an Immortal Gu. No, he did not exchange for my beast enslavement Immortal Gu, right?”


 Twelfth Hair quickly took out another information path Gu worm and placed his consciousness in it.


 After inspecting, he let out a heavy breath of relief: “So he did not exchange for beast enslavement Immortal Gu, but a rank seven Immortal Gu. It is good as long as it is not beast enslavement Immortal Gu.”


 That was seriously a huge scare!


 Twelfth Hair patted his chest, his whole body easing up.


 But the moment he relaxed, his eyes rolled backwards as he fainted on the spot.


 He had suffered injuries during the Gu refinement process, and his mood had swung up and down at this moment, he naturally would fall unconscious after relaxing.


 Achieving his target, Fang Yuan returned to his cloud city.


 Inside a secret room, he took out a completely new Immortal Gu.


 This Gu resembled light purple colored fog in the form of a dragon, it did not have a fixed shape and was floating around.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu — Dragon Breath!


 Fang Yuan had finally chosen sword dragon transformation because Lang Ya Sect’s treasury had this Immortal Gu.


 To exchange for this Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had to sell all his Gu Immortal souls along with large amounts of cultivation information he had obtained from soul searching.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan had withheld some of the contents. Like Dong Fang Chang Fan’s wisdom path methods, Hei Fan true inheritance’s important details, and so on.


 This had sharply raised Fang Yuan’s sect contribution points to above ninety thousand. In the near future, this amount would be Fang Yuan’s peak, difficult to surpass.


 Then, Fang Yuan used over seventy thousand sect contribution points to exchange for the rank seven transformation path Immortal Gu, Dragon Breath.


 In just a short while, his sect contribution points had fallen to over ten thousand.


 But he still occupied first place on the contribution list.


 The second ranked Gu Immortal on the contribution list only had four digits in terms of contribution points.


 The gap had been widened by a huge margin.


 Fang Yuan’s position was firmly in place like a mountain.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan did not care about the sect contribution list.


 He also did not know Twelfth Hair had received a great impact from this event and had fallen unconscious.


 If he knew, Fang Yuan would think he was over-thinking it.


 Not all Immortal Gu in Lang Ya blessed land could be exchanged. Beast enslavement Immortal Gu was on the exchange list, but Lang Ya land spirit had clearly left it behind for Twelfth Hair.


 Even if Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for it, he would not be able to.


 Besides this, rank seven Immortal Gu Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was also not for sale.


 This Immortal Gu was originally Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s Immortal Gu, later it was refined by Long Hair Ancestor up to rank eight and was merged into the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron.


 Some time ago, Shadow Sect had invaded Lang Ya blessed land, destroying Refinement Cauldron and seizing many of the core Immortal Gu. Although Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus remained, it had been damaged and had fallen from rank eight to rank seven.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for this Immortal Gu, he would have to pay a very large price that could move Lang Ya land spirit’s mind.


 However, Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus would not be of much help to Fang Yuan. He had calculated that after he raised his cultivation to rank seven and his immortal essence started producing red date immortal essence, it would be sufficient.


 It was not worth it to pay a greater price for just Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Fang Yuan spent some time before he successfully integrated this rank seven dragon breath Gu into his immortal killer move, sword dragon transformation.


 Transformation path immortal killer moves were essentially very simple. Dragon breath Gu was a natural component of sword dragon transformation.


 What’s more, Fang Yuan was a transformation path grandmaster.


 With this rank seven dragon breath Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan simply did not need any dragon breath mortal Gu.


 Like in Hei Fan’s true inheritance, Hei Fan had really wanted to obtain immortal level day Gu and month Gu. Because then, when he activated days pass like years and similar immortal killer moves, he would not need to spend so many mortal day Gu and month Gu.


 Having a relevant Immortal Gu made it extremely convenient.


 It also reduced the difficulty of controlling the killer move.


 Its effect would also have a large boost!


 Taking a deep breath, Fang Yuan tried sword dragon transformation again.


 Silver light burst out, shining towards the sky.


 Just looking at this, Fang Yuan knew that sword dragon transformation’s might had increased by multiple times.


 From within the silvery light, a sword dragon revealed its figure. Its body was more than double the size of before, reaching over forty feet.


 Its eyes were still white, its scales were much wider and thicker than before, there were now two more claws, reaching a total of four claws now. The dragon horn protruded out further, piercing towards the sky.


 Fang Yuan inspected all over and saw that every aspect had received a huge boost in quality.


 “After adding the rank seven dragon breath Gu, this is now an ancient desolate beast level sword dragon.” Fang Yuan was well aware.


 As such, this immortal killer move could be used at the blood battle martial competition.


 The previous sword dragon transformation would not work.


 It could only be used to bully some ordinary rank six Gu Immortals.


 The current ancient sword dragon had the qualifications to match against rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Next was the most important part.


 Fang Yuan was unavoidably a little nervous.


 He lightly stretched out his dragon body and flew to a completely new dark inkstone.


 Dragon breath!


 Fang Yuan opened his mouth and breathed out.


 In that instant, a pure white sword light flashed past.


 Crack, a crisp sound was heard, as the dark inkstone was cut in two.


 Not only this, the sword light still had strength remaining to destroy the whole secret room.


 Fang Yuan’s cloud city shook intensely, giving off muffled noises as large numbers of Gu worms that formed the secret room died instantly.


 “I have already controlled my strength, the dark inkstone already bore most of the dragon breath, only a small part of its power was leaked out.” Intense joy flashed past the ancient sword dragon’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan had only displayed a small portion of his strength, but his surrounding environment actually was unable to endure it.


 Although the cloud city’s structure was exquisite and hairy man Gu Immortals had spent immense mental effort to make it, it was after all only a mortal Gu house, and could not endure the remaining power of the ancient sword dragon’s breath.


 Green grape immortal essence continued to be consumed to maintain the form of the ancient sword dragon.


 Clearly, the immortal essence expenditure had increased by many times.


 Where there are gains, there are losses.


 After all, adding rank seven Immortal Gu dragon breath had increased the level of the immortal killer move, sword dragon transformation, immortal essence being expended rapidly was an inevitable outcome.


 “I can no longer practice in the cloud city. Lang Ya blessed land has many observers, but if I go out of Lang Ya blessed land I will receive even more attention from heaven’s will.”


 “It seems I still need to place my sovereign immortal aperture and properly test the limits of ancient sword dragon transformation.”


 “The dragon breath I send out has already reached rank seven battle strength, its effect is outstanding and the expenditure is still small. How powerful will it be when I use sword marks targeting death, dark assassination and triple layered sword wave in my ancient sword dragon form?”


 Fang Yuan was feeling anticipation.


 He resolutely took action, immediately flying out of the cloud city, going through the super Gu formation and teleporting to the outside world.


 “Fang Yuan has left. He actually exchanged for dragon breath Immortal Gu, what is the reason?” Sixth Hair was secretly activating investigative methods, paying close attention until the super Gu formation activated and Fang Yuan’s figure disappeared from his perception.


 After Sixth Hair knew the change in the sect contribution points list, he was filled with unease.


 Fang Yuan’s development speed had surpassed his expectations again. Moreover, he did not understand the direction of Fang Yuan’s growth.


 “Fang Yuan naturally won’t exchange for an Immortal Gu that has no use to him. No, I need to report this information to Lord Ying Wu Xie quickly.” Sixth Hair was filled with worries.



***
Chapter 1201 - Ye Lui Qun Xing


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Sun was shining bright in the sky of Northern Plains, with no clouds to be seen in the surroundings.


 However, at Blood Plain, starlight shone brilliantly, as if stars filled the sky.


 Golden Dawn Hall was quietly floating in the air, it stood majestically, no matter how much turbulence was going on outside, it remained lofty and unmoved.


 In contrast, the Gu Immortals on Chu Du’s side were all standing on clouds, their expressions looking unsightly or filled with worries.


 Chu Du was expressionless, but his gaze that looked at the battle was extremely heavy.


 “Immortal Wang is going to lose.” Chu Du sighed internally.


 In the center of the battlefield, Immortal Wang was fighting with the righteous path Gu Immortal Ye Lui Qun Xing!


 Immortal Wang had already transformed into a heaven swallowing hound, charging left and right with astonishing might.


 The heaven swallowing hound was an immemorial desolate beast, but Immortal Wang was only a rank seven Gu Immortal, this transformation path immortal killer move also did not have a relevant rank eight Immortal Gu in it. So, this heaven swallowing hound’s battle strength was only at rank seven level.


 And Immortal Wang’s opponent, Ye Lui Qun Xing, was tall and thin like a bamboo pole. He had three strands of hair as a beard and had a yellowish-white complexion. Right now, he was far away from the heaven swallowing hound, hundreds of star fragments were flying around him, shining with brilliant light, dying the sky a color of blue.


 Immortal Wang’s heaven swallowing hound transformation used all its strength to attack.


 However, countless star fragments, big and small, tightly surrounded him.


 Of these star fragments, small ones were the size of a lantern, while the big ones were the size of an elephant. They kept on flying around, a small portion were encircling Immortal Wang with dizzying speed, while the larger portion were encircling Ye Lui Qun Xing, moving slowly in a mysterious trajectory.


 Plop.


 A muffled sound echoed, a star fragment firmly collided against Immortal Wang’s body.


 The heaven swallowing hound’s movement slowed, and exposed a flaw when it tried to dodge.


 Boom boom boom.


 Three muffled sounds resounded as this opportunity was taken, star fragments collided against Immortal Wang fiercely.


 The heaven swallowing hound let out a low growl, coughing out a large amount of blood, its feet staggered and almost fell down to the ground.


 Any Gu Immortal with eyes could see who was in control of the situation.


 Immortal Wang was the one attacking, but was in an absolute disadvantage from start to finish.


 And the defending Ye Lui Qun Xing was the one who held the upper hand, putting himself behind layers of defense.


 This battle tactic was naturally a correct one.


 One often had to choose long range battle when dealing with transformation path Gu Immortals.


 Because the Gu Immortal that transformed into desolate beast, ancient desolate beast or even immemorial desolate beast, would have a strong and sturdy body, just relying on their transformed body’s quality, their battle strength would increase to a terrifying level.


 Gu Immortals of other paths mostly had human bodies. Their physical qualities were weak, even if they had powerful defensive methods, they did not want to put themselves in such a dangerous situation where they were fighting with their weakness against a transformation path Gu Immortal’s strength.


 The dominance was already clear, Ye Lui Qun Xing was in an impregnable position.


 He spoke in a clear voice: “It is useless, Immortal Wang. My immortal killer move was created by taking Dong Fang Chang Fan’s myriad star fireflies as a reference, the flying trajectory is extremely profound and inscrutable. Previously, six star fragments could completely obstruct you. Now, there are at least thirty-six star fragments around you, how will you break through?”


 This Ye Lui Qun Xing was also a person with an interesting past.


 He had challenged Dong Fang Chang Fan, and had suffered defeat after defeat, but had still persisted in challenging him. Dong Fang Chang Fan was a righteous path figure, the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal of Northern Plains who had single-handedly led Dong Fang tribe to prominence.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s defeats did not make Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals feel he was weak.


 Instead, they very much appreciated him fighting back despite the repeated setbacks, and his steady, unwavering spirit.


 As one of the leading figures of the righteous path, Dong Fang Chang Fan could not lay a heavy hand on Ye Lui Qun Xing, who was similarly of Huang Jin bloodline.


 There was even one time when after he defeated Ye Lui Qun Xing, he personally instructed him regarding some secrets of myriad star fireflies.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing treated the guidance as a precious treasure, immediately going into closed cultivation.


 Unknown to him, this was precisely Dong Fang Chang Fan’s scheme.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had not only gotten rid of the annoying Ye Lui Qun Xing, this also expressed his goodwill to Ye Lui tribe, and had smoothly accomplished an instance of collaboration with Ye Lui tribe, gaining large amounts of benefits.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing had originally felt that Dong Fang Chang Fan was a thorn in his eyes, but having obtained benefits from Dong Fang Chang Fan, he did not feel he could shamelessly challenge Dong Fang Chang Fan again. After coming out of his closed cultivation, he chose to focus hard on his own development and did not even find trouble with other Gu Immortals of Dong Fang tribe.


 As such, this trump card killer move of his clearly bore resemblance to myriad star fireflies.


 Myriad star fireflies was Dong Fang Chang Fan’s killer move, which was famous throughout the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s move, however, treated the star fragments as the main body, it could be considered as him creating his own unique method.


 A real star was extremely huge, Fang Yuan had been using star eyes Immortal Gu up until now, and had only managed to refine one star.


 Immortal Wang’s heaven swallowing hound transformation kept on coughing up blood, and was struck by more and more star fragments. He could not even retort, he was dizzy and was heavily injured, moreover, his immortal essence expenditure had reached an enormous amount.


 The immortals on Chu Du’s side showed even more unsightly looks.


 “If Immortal Wang is defeated, he would be the fourth person Ye Lui Qun Xing has defeated from our side!”


 “His immortal killer move is truly too powerful, when it was just two or three star fragments, they can still be resisted. When fifteen star fragments appear and they work together as one, the difficulty to resist them increases by countless times. Right now, he already has a hundred star fragments, achieving complete dominance, this simply cannot be resisted.”


 Inside Golden Dawn Hall, the righteous path immortals had smiles on their faces.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin was watching the battle with excitement, Ye Lui Qun Xing was his senior, seeing this senior about to defeat his fourth opponent, Ye Lui Xiao Jin also felt excitement and pride.


 On the other side, Nian Er Ping Zhi was still regulating his breathing.


 One thing worth mentioning was that Nian Er tribe’s position had already moved to the center.


 This was because of Nian Er Ping Zhi’s battle where he had killed the rank seven demonic path expert Granny Yin.


 Many rank six geniuses and experts had the battle strength to go against rank seven. But being able to kill rank seven was a different level altogether.


 Adding Nian Er Ping Zhi’s young age to this battle achievement, this undoubtedly became even more rare.


 By this time.


 The allied righteous path forces, and the alliance of Chu Sect and Bai Zu, had already gone through over ten battles.


 At the start, Chu Du had the discerning eye to send out the promising young Xue Wu Hen, who won three battles in a row, awing others.


 Then, from the righteous path’s side, Gong Wan Ting sent Nian Er Ping Zhi. Similarly a rising young genius, Nian Er Ping Zhi’s battle result was even more brilliant, using the immortal killer move sword heart clarity and killing the renowned demonic path expert Granny Yin.


 Afterwards, Gong Wan Ting negotiated with Chu Du, and the two sides temporarily stopped the battle, setting rules regarding exchange of corpses.


 Then the battle began again, Yuan tribe of the righteous path, Meng tribe, and other tribe’s Gu Immortals appeared one after the other, while Chu Du sent out Hao Zhen, Chou Lao Wu as well as some Gu Immortals of Bai Zu tribe to contest with them.


 Perhaps it was because they were senior Gu Immortals, each side had their own victories and defeats, and suffered varying degrees of injuries, but there were no deaths.


 Seeing the situation seemingly entering a stalemate, Gong Wan Ting pondered for a while before sending Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 This person was a true main strength among Ye Lui tribe’s force. He was an expert among rank seven Gu Immortals, although he had many losses among his battle achievements, they were against Dong Fang Chang Fan, naturally, no one would look down on him.


 What made people especially admire him were his character and spirit. He had suffered many defeats from Dong Fang Chang Fan, but he always came back stronger.


 Worth mentioning was that Ye Lui Hui Hong had the highest seniority, but his battle strength could not compare to Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 The righteous path paid attention to seniority, unlike the demonic path which only looked at strength.


 Finally, Chu Du spoke: “Alright, this battle is our loss.”


 Immortal Wang retreated with a shameful expression.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing also did not forcibly go after his life, after all, Immortal Wang still had the ability to protect himself and it would give enough time for Chu Du to come help.


 Immortal Wang was pale, his mood extremely complicated.


 He was the fourth opponent of Ye Lui Qun Xing and had originally thought of having gotten an easy opportunity, but the result was that Ye Lui Qun Xing’s battle strength had not fallen even after three battles.


 Immortal Wang returned to his human form and walked towards Chu Du, saying in a heavy voice: “That Ye Lui Qun Xing’s immortal killer move is extremely ingenious. His immortal essence expenditure is definitely small, and the star fragments have mutual attraction force between them, creating a good deal of starlight magnetic force, I am afraid it would not be easy to discern the mysteries of this killer move unless one is a star path Gu Immortal.”


 “The opponent would be implicated by these star fragments. These star fragments are very fast and sometimes they would suddenly form a formless force which skewed my direction, making me lose control over myself many times. Now that I think of it, Ye Lui Qun Xing was weakest in the first battle. Now, he has already released a hundred star fragments, forming an array for battle. The ones who will go later will lose many advantages, and would find it very difficult to go against this array.”


 Immortal Wang’s tone was sincere, these were his sincere words, they were also reasons given to excuse himself and not be held at fault.


 Chu Du nodded and patted Immortal Wang’s shoulder: “No need to say much, it is good that you returned safely.”


 It was a simple action, but this action almost made Immortal Wang’s eyes tear up.


 “Who wants to come fight next!” At this time, Ye Lui Qun Xing called out.


 “It seems this person still does not want to retreat and wants to fight his fifth battle!” Chu Du’s expression slightly changed, killing intent flashing in his eyes.


 The immortals behind him started whispering.


 “He has already defeated four people in a row, he still seems to have strength remaining.”


 “Immortal Wang’s strength is outstanding, he transformed into a heaven swallowing hound but was still unable to win, sigh!”


 Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals were silent.


 Bai Zu Wei was already dead, what they were good at was not individual battle strength, but Green City Rampage.


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu’s wind thunder roar was renowned throughout Northern Plains, it could be considered a trump card that could pressure the opponents and make them feel apprehensive. It was only that they had already battled separately and still bore some injuries.


 When Gu Immortals were injured, because of the conflict of dao marks, they were very difficult to heal.


 For a moment, Chu Du actually found that he had fallen into an awkward situation of having no experts to send.


 Comparatively, in the righteous path, experts filled Golden Dawn Hall, while Chu Du’s side was only an alliance of the newly established Bai Zu tribe and his sect, they indeed had few members and were seriously stretched out.



***
Chapter 1202 - Arrogance Concealed Under Beauty


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Do I have to go myself?”


 Facing the awkward situation of having no experts to send, Chu Du unavoidably had such a thought.


 He could naturally take the stage and also had the confidence to win against Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 But what would it look like when Chu Du, as the strongest expert on his side, took the stage? Would it not make their side look weaker?


 Moreover, even after he wins against Ye Lui Qun Xing, the other side would definitely continue to send other Gu Immortals. Gong Wan Ting, Yao tribe’s Yao Yuan Ying, Guan tribe’s Guan Yang, Nu Er tribe’s Nu Er Gu and Nu Er Qian, all of these people were experts who Chu Du needed to pay attention to.


 Two fists cannot rival four palms.


 Chu Du could win one battle, two battles, three battles, but could he guarantee he would win all the battles?


 Chu Du fell into silence.


 “What, no one wants to fight? We have just reached this stage and there is already nobody left?” Ye Lui Qun Xing did not let go of this chance to mock them.


 Xue Wu Hen could not endure this provocation, he was a very prideful person. He requested to be sent by Chu Du: “Let me go deal with this Ye Lui Qun Xing.”


 However, Xue Wu Hen was only at rank six, how could Chu Du let him go? Xue Wu Hen might be able to battle rank seven, but the other party was an expert among rank sevens.


 Chu Du slowly shook his head.


 Right at this moment, his eyes suddenly brightened, because an information path Gu worm flew to his immortal aperture through treasure yellow heaven.


 “Wonderful! Elder Liu Guan Yi’s timing is perfect.” Chu Du sent his consciousness into the Gu worm and after absorbing the information, his brows immediately relaxed.


 He had confidence in Liu Guan Yi! He had always thought Fang Yuan’s strength was only second to his in Chu Sect.


 Especially when they made the trip to Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan’s performance had left a deep impression on Chu Du.


 “Be patient. My Chu Sect’s second supreme elder is about to arrive. Ye Lui Qun Xing, why are you in such a rush, enjoy your moment of victory for a while longer.” Chu Du chuckled as he said in a plain tone.


 “Chu Sect’s second supreme elder?”


 “Chu Du is the first supreme elder, doesn’t it mean this second supreme elder is only second to him?”


 “This person is very mysterious, no one knows where he comes from, and we have very limited information on him.”


 Both sides’ Gu Immortals discussed.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals in Golden Dawn Hall started discussing and exchanging information on Fang Yuan.


 “Think about that Xue Wu Hen, what is strange about them having Liu Guan Yi?” Nian Er Yi Fang caressed his beard, speaking unconcernedly.


 “So what if he is stronger? At most, he would have rank seven peak battle strength, our side is a gathering of experts and geniuses.” Ye Lui Hui Hong laughed.


 Gong Wan Ting spoke softly, her voice lingering around the whole of Golden Dawn Hall: “Chu Du is not blind, this person is placed above Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu. He is Chu Sect’s second supreme elder, we should assume that he possesses an outstanding aspect.”


 Xue Wu Hen’s eyes brightened, having many expectations regarding Fang Yuan.


 “Elder Hao Zhen, how is Elder Liu Guan Yi’s strength?” One Hei tribe Gu Immortal asked. Naturally, this Hei tribe Gu Immortal had now already changed his surname to Bai Zu. He had not participated in the battle of Iron Eagle blessed land, and it was not appropriate for him to ask Bai Zu tribe’s Gu Immortals, Bai Zu Wei had died in the battle, and this had become almost like a taboo topic in Bai Zu tribe.


 Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu were respectively Chu Sect’s third and forth supreme elder. Actually, they were uncomfortable at being underneath Fang Yuan, but right now, they could not damage their own sect’s reputation.


 “He claims to be a transformation path Gu Immortal.”


 “But we have never seen him use any transformation killer moves. Even in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, when we resisted the attacks of Heavenly Lord, it was like that.”


 The surrounding Gu Immortals could not help but draw in deep breaths.


 The words of Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu made people unavoidably think towards one aspect.


 “It seems this Elder Liu Guan Yi is quite amazing! Even the invasion of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not make him use all his strength?”


 “This was the person who first intruded Iron Eagle blessed land and seized almost all the eagle nests.” A Gu Immortal of Bai Zu bloodline was feeling complicated at this moment.


 “He has arrived.” Chu Du suddenly spoke.


 The immortals behind him followed Chu Du’s movement and turned around, looking behind them.


 Inside Golden Dawn Hall, the righteous path immortals also cast their gazes over.


 A multicolored cloud was flying rapidly, upon which a young-looking Gu Immortal stood at the front with his head held high.


 He wore a white robe, the wide sleeves constantly fluttered backwards due to the wind.


 He had long black hair and a jade-like complexion, with sharp eyebrows and bright eyes, his nose bridge was tall, and his skin was white like snow. He had a light smile on his face, appearing relaxed and unfettered, and was extremely handsome, even a man would be moved by his appearance.


 Just one glance at Fang Yuan left a deep impression on these immortals.


 “Elder Liu, you have finally come.” Chu Du smiled brightly, flying over to welcome him.


 “Domination Immortal Chu Du personally went to receive him?”


 Seeing this scene, many Gu Immortals were shaken, instantly, Fang Yuan’s status had risen by multiple levels in their hearts.


 “What are the origins of this Liu Guan Yi? What has he done to deserve such treatment from Domination Immortal?”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals looked at each other, as they started to pay more importance to Fang Yuan’s arrival.


 “This information path Gu worm records the battle scenes from earlier, look at it quickly.” Chu Du flew in front of Fang Yuan, and secretly handed an information path mortal Gu to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan silently accepted it.


 Chu Du treated him as an equal, after the Crazed Demon Agreement, Chu Du’s and Fang Yuan’s relationship had become much closer.


 The group of immortals subconsciously went silent, patiently watching Fang Yuan slowly fly towards the battle.


 “This person is Ye Lui Qun Xing, he primarily cultivates star path. He has already defeated four people on our side, we need you to show your might and defeat him.” Chu Du spoke softly to Fang Yuan as he pointed at Ye Lui Qun Xing, who was standing proudly in the air.


 Fang Yuan inwardly thought: “I came over because of this person. A star path blessed land is suitable for me to annex. Moreover, this guy has rank seven cultivation, after I annex his immortal aperture, my cultivation will immediately soar and reach rank seven, I will start producing red date immortal essence.”


 Ye Lui Qun Xing was tense.


 Ever since Fang Yuan had appeared, he had been paying close attention to him.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was tranquil, he could not read his expression at all.


 After some thinking, Ye Lui Qun Xing solemnly spoke: “I am honored.”


 The immortals quietly looked at Fang Yuan, awaiting him entering the battle.


 Fang Yuan, however, internally was shaking his head.


 He had already read all the information in the information path Gu worm, Chu Du had given him, and knew all the moves Ye Lui Qun Xing had shown before.


 Fang Yuan had a clear estimation of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s strength.


 He was probably at the level of experts like Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, or maybe slightly weaker, all in all, he was an expert among rank sevens.


 Above them would be people like Domination Immortal Chu Du and Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.


 And above Chu Du were Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng after regaining his memories.


 It was fully achievable for him to defeat Ye Lui Qun Xing with ancient sword dragon transformation.


 But killing him would be difficult with a frontal assault. Especially under the view of the crowd and their watchful eyes, everyone was on guard against each other.


 Let alone when the opponent was Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 The most important thing regarding this person was this immortal killer move, not only did it expend little immortal essence, it also had terrifying offensive and defensive properties.


 Even more praiseworthy was his mental state and nature.


 Losses could not defeat him and could only make him stronger.


 If this kind of person was the enemy, the best thing was to kill them.


 Even Dong Fang Chang Fan felt a headache because he could not kill him.


 But how to kill him?


 Fang Yuan estimated he did not have a high chance of killing Ye Lui Qun Xing. After transforming into an ancient sword dragon, Fang Yuan’s battle strength would reach the level of Unfettered Scholar. However, Fang Yuan’s ability to sustain a long battle was quite poor, after all, green grape immortal essence could not compare to red date immortal essence.


 One hundred beads of green grape immortal essence could turn into one bead of red date immortal essence. But when using rank seven Immortal Gu, the effect that could be reached with one bead of red date immortal essence required at least one hundred and thirty beads of green grape immortal essence.


 This created a phenomenon of intensifying expenditure.


 Gu Immortals using higher rank Immortal Gu were like children waving around a sledgehammer, it was very difficult.


 As he pondered this, Fang Yuan spoke: “I won’t fight.”


 The immortals were stunned.


 “Why won’t you fight, are you afraid?” Immortal Wang’s sneering voice came from behind.


 Ever since the Iron Eagle blessed land’s battle where Fang Yuan had treated him as a scapegoat, Immortal Wang had felt hatred towards Fang Yuan. The expectant gazes of immortals at Fang Yuan, made Immortal Wang very dissatisfied. He, himself, was defeated by Ye Lui Qun Xing, and the person whom everyone’s expectations were placed on was his enemy. Such a feeling left a really bad taste in his mouth.


 Fang Yuan did not respond.


 Chu Du, however, immediately frowned, as he turned back and gave a fierce glare at Immortal Wang.


 Immortal Wang quickly closed his mouth, beads of cold sweat starting to seep out of his forehead.


 Chu Du inwardly shook his head: “Immortal Wang and these other Gu Immortals were all lone immortals or demonic cultivators, they are accustomed to being unrestrained. After joining Chu Sect, their awareness has not increased much. Right now, even if he has some dissatisfaction with Liu Guan Yi, how could he reveal the internal conflicts of Chu Sect in front of the public?”


 At the same time, Chu Du looked at Fang Yuan, he did not speak but his gaze inquired: Why won’t you fight?


 Fang Yuan gazed at Ye Lui Qun Xing, sneering: “He is too weak, I can kill him with just my spit. Do we kill chickens with an ox-cleaver? Fighting him is an insult towards my status.”


 Arrogant!


 Way too arrogant!!


 For a moment, the stomachs of the immortals churned, as all kinds of thoughts surged in their minds.


 Fang Yuan looked like a quiet handsome boy, who could have thought his first few words would reveal the astonishing arrogance within him.


 “He actually said he can win against an expert like Ye Lui Qun Xing with just his spit? Even Domination Immortal Chu Du might not be able to do it!” Nian Er Ping Zhi was displeased.


 “He is tooting his own horn too much.” Xue Wu Hen looked at Fang Yuan with a dazed look. He had always thought he was a very prideful person, but he could not compare to this person before him.


 Fang Yuan spouted a lot of nonsense right away. His arrogance caused many people to be dissatisfied.


 The most dissatisfied person was Ye Lui Xiao Jin.


 He was young and full of vigor, Ye Lui Qun Xing was his tribe member, humiliating Ye Lui Qun Xing was like humiliating him.


 Therefore, this young Gu Immortal immediately stood up and shouted loudly: “You don’t dare to show your skills, but you have quite the mouth! How can you estimate the skills of my tribe’s Lord Qun Xing? You are not being proud, but are intentionally saying this because you are afraid!”



***
Chapter 1203 - Shameless


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “I don’t know if you are afraid or not, but we can all see whether you dare or not.” A Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal sneered.


 He had pure Bai Zu bloodline, behind him was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, even Chu Du did not have a sway over him.


 Fang Yuan lightly glanced at this person, the latter looked back without any fear.


 Clearly, Fang Yuan stealing the eagle nests had caused the hatred with Bai Zu tribe to be big.


 Fang Yuan swept his gaze around, the Gu Immortals all gazed back at him with doubts, curiosity, uncertainty, anticipation and so on. Especially, Xue Wu Hen who was beside him, his gaze was shining.


 “Not fighting.”


 “What kind of person am I?”


 “This weakling?”


 “Hehe, not worthy of me making a move.”


 “In the future, when my biography is written, my first battle after seclusion is against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, but the second battle is with this thing? There won’t be any splendor even if I win against such a minor character of Ye Lui tribe.”


 No matter how open-minded Ye Lui Qun Xing was, his tone unavoidably had become colder from anger: “Hmph, so much nonsense! You have said so much, come fight me if you have guts!”


 “You don’t have enough qualifications.” Fang Yuan held his hands behind his back, head raised and chest out, as he looked at Ye Lui Qun Xing with unconcealed contempt.


 Many Gu Immortals’ eyes widened.


 They really wanted to ask: Ye Lui Qun Xing actually doesn’t have enough qualifications, then who has the qualifications? What qualifications do you have? I really don’t understand where you are getting such confidence from!


 You are clearly a demonic path lone cultivator, who knows where you came from. Ye Lui Qun Xing fighting you is giving you face, giving you the chance to perform and gain some glory.


 But the person involved, Fang Yuan, clearly did not have such a thought.


 The immortals began discussing, the situation had become noisy from the clamor.


 They were all talking about Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan turned a deaf ear to their words.


 After a while, Gong Wan Ting’s expression turned cold, lightly calling out: “Enough, do you all want to make the grand blood battle martial competition into a joke?”


 The righteous path immortals immediately turned silent.


 Gong Wan Ting then looked at Chu Du: “Could it be that your side only has troublemakers remaining? Stalling for so long will only make others ridicule you.”


 Facing the overbearing Gong Wan Ting, Chu Du did not reply, instead looking at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan ignored Chu Du’s gaze and slightly turned towards the side, pointing backwards: “You.”


 “Me?” A former supreme elder of Hei tribe, currently a Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal, was completely stumped, not having expected Fang Yuan to suddenly point towards him.


 “Go take the fight, if he can win against you, it means he has some qualifications for me to make a move once.” Fang Yuan’s tone was still very arrogant, even his own side’s Gu Immortals felt their teeth itch from hearing him.


 The immortals’ gazes turned towards this unlucky person.


 This Gu Immortal immediately felt huge pressure.


 His anger was boiling: “Who did I provoke to suddenly send me to battle? Moreover, why the hell are you commanding me? I am a Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal, even Domination Immortal Chu Du can only discuss with me. How can you, a mere second supreme elder, command me?”


 This Gu Immortal had decided to refuse.


 But then he heard the discussions of other immortals.


 For instance —


 “Ye Lui Qun Xing is so strong, he has already defeated four people in a row. Now, letting this person fight, isn’t it letting the enemy gain more battle achievements?”


 “Hmph, this person is only a minor character, Ye Lui Qun Xing can easily beat two of this guy.”


 “He is a Hei tribe Gu Immortal, although his surname has changed to Bai Zu, can he really fight to the death with a Huang Jin bloodline Gu Immortal?”


 Wow!


 When these discussions resounded in this Gu Immortal’s ears, he immediately realized that he had no choice but to go to battle.


 He fiercely glared at Fang Yuan, unfortunately, Fang Yuan had already turned around, facing him with his back.


 The Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal was furious and aggrieved, but could only give in and fly to the stage.


 There was nothing unusual about the battle.


 This Gu Immortal was clearly weaker than Ye Lui Qun Xing. After exchanging ten or so moves, he lost.


 “I hope Elder Liu Guan Yi can fight now and enlighten us.” This Bai Zu Gu Immortal carried his injuries back, and his first words were to sarcastically speak to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snorted: “You are too weak.”


 The Bai Zu Gu Immortal suppressed his anger: “I am indeed too weak, elder should show his divine prowess.”


 Fang Yuan’s following words almost made him flare up —


 “Taking so long to fight with a weakling like you. I have to admit I had overestimated that Ye Lui Qun Xing. Now, I have no interest to battle with him at all.”


 “You!” The Bai Zu Gu Immortal was stifled to the point of being speechless.


 The immortals’ gaze towards Fang Yuan were also vaguely changing.


 Xue Wu Hen’s expression was even more blatant, he sized up Fang Yuan with intense suspicion.


 “So it was like this. The so-called Chu Sect’s second supreme elder is just a poser.” Ye Lui Qun Xing scoffed, his scoff felt piercing to Chu Du’s side’s Gu Immortals.


 “Lord Domination Immortal, have you ever seen him make a move?” Ye Lui Xiao Jin also added.


 Chu Du was silent, he had sensed Fang Yuan’s strange behavior but decided to wait and watch.


 “Elder Liu Guan Yi, if you truly have skills, go kill him!” That Gu Immortal of Bai Zu tribe sneered.


 Fang Yuan lightly shook his head, boasting shamelessly: “How can you comprehend my power? That’s why you will never have the hope of becoming an expert like me.”


 Ye Lui Qun Xing flicked his sleeves and walked away. He knew Fang Yuan could not be forced to fight.


 In truth, after fighting five people in a row, he was indeed feeling exhaustion. His immortal essence expenditure was still good, the main thing was that his mind had been taxed a lot.


 Seeing him retrieve the star fragments and leave, many on Chu Du’s side let out a sigh of relief.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin was also extremely happy, as he raised his head high and ran to the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall to welcome Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 How could they have known Fang Yuan to speak: “Look, he is indeed afraid of me, even if I didn’t enter the battle, he has been feeling frightened, now he is unable to maintain his cool any longer, having no choice but to leave.”


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s steps slightly paused.


 Xue Wu Hen’s eyes widened, as he gazed at Fang Yuan and thought: “There is actually such a shameless person in this world? It has really opened my eyes. Brother Chu actually gave this person the status of second supreme elder, perhaps his judgment has dulled.”


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin’s mouth almost twisted from anger.


 On the contrary, Ye Lui Hui Hong’s expression slightly changed, he squinted his eyes and started looking at Fang Yuan.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing shook his head, continuing to leave without even glancing at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Ye Lui Qun Xing, f*ck your eighteen generations of ancestors!”


 The whole scene was silent, before they suddenly burst into an uproar.


 Where is your disposition? Where is it?


 The Gu Immortals screamed internally.


 Who could have thought the elegant looking Fang Yuan would swear out loud in public. Even if they were fighting for their lives, Gu Immortals always maintained their disposition, after all, they all praised themselves as being righteous. Cursing like this in front of everyone was really letting go of one’s reputation.


 “His good looks are wasted.” A Gu Immortal gazed at Fang Yuan, shaking their head constantly.


 No doubt, the favorable impression Fang Yuan gave to the immortals at first glance was already ruined.


 Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, suddenly walking to the battle stage: “Ye Lui whatever, I am here, didn’t you want to fight with me?”


 Ye Lui Qun Xing stopped and gazed back.


 The atmosphere of the whole scene changed.


 Inside Golden Dawn Hall, Ye Lui Hui Hong was sitting upright, his expression solemn: “Qun Xing, careful, this person is doing something underhanded. Come back.”


 Fang Yuan’s earlier and later attitude made Ye Lui Hui Hong realize that something was fishy.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Gutless rat, Ye Lui tribe is made up of cowards, you are a bunch of bastards...”


 All kinds of derogatory terms were thrown out one after the other.


 The immortals were stupefied as they listened.


 Chu Du wanted to cover his face, Fang Yuan did not have even a bit of elegance, he was destroying the image of Chu Sect.


 A piece of rat poop spoils an entire pot of soup!


 It was the first time Chu Du reconsidered on his decision to draw in Fang Yuan, was it correct?


 But no matter what anyone said, Fang Yuan’s provocation was effective.


 The righteous path was easier to deal with than demonic path and lone cultivators in certain aspects. Especially when the question was about reputation. When it involved the tribe and bloodline, even if one did not care on the inside and was willing to ignore the other’s cursing, in front of the public, with so many outsiders watching fixedly, it became another situation.


 The super forces which were held together by bloodline and blood relations protected and attached great importance to the reputations of their ancestors.


 This was their basic moral philosophy!


 “Qun Xing, come back. I will personally face the skills of this Chu Sect’s second supreme elder.” Ye Lui Hui Hong stood up.


 Fang Yuan unavoidably felt disappointed inwardly, but laughed on the surface: “Ye Lui Qun Xing, it’s time to scram.”


 Ye Lui Qun Xing waved his hand at Ye Lui Hui Hong, smiling at Fang Yuan, revealing his white teeth: “Since it is so hard to find a chance for you to fight, how can I avoid the battle and escape? It is just that I have fought hard for five battles, and need to rest for a while.”


 Such a request was completely fair.


 Fang Yuan smiled, this Ye Lui Qun Xing could still be so cool-headed. But he also did not expect these words to be able to make these Gu Immortals lose their rationality from anger.


 In truth, his pestering had already reached his target.


 So, Fang Yuan immediately allowed: “Rest as much as you want, I will give you two or three days. If two or three days are not enough, then take two or three years, hahaha!”


 “Hehe, an hour is enough.” Ye Lui Qun Xing smiled with clenched teeth.


 Fang Yuan was really detestable, Ye Lui Qun Xing was naturally very angry.


 But he was also very aware of his own situation.


 His immortal essence expenditure was not much and he still had a lot of reserves left. Resting for an hour was mainly to restore his mental energy. He had his own methods for this, and after an hour, he could completely recover to his peak state!


 At that time, he will let this Liu Guan Yi taste his power!


 This hour of time appeared somewhat unbearable as the Gu Immortals waited.


 Finally, Ye Lui Qun Xing recovered and walked to the stage, standing opposite Fang Yuan.


 “Liu Guan Yi, I...” Ye Lui Qun Xing was just about to speak when Fang Yuan’s body suddenly erupted with dazzling silver light.


 At the next instance, a silver colored ancient sword dragon shot out of the light.


 It had a sharp dragon horn, its mouth was opened wide, revealing it to be densely filled with sharp fangs.


 “So despicable!”


 “He actually sneak attacked!!”


 The righteous path’s immortals scolded at once.


 The ancient sword dragon had already neared Ye Lui Qun Xing.



***
Chapter 1204 - How Could It Be Seen Through?!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ye Lui Qun Xing had a great fright as he quickly retreated!


 “This shameless guy!” He cursed inwardly, not having expected Fang Yuan’s actions. Every time he felt that Fang Yuan was shameless, Fang Yuan’s following actions would completely redefine shamelessness.


 Fortunately, Ye Lui Qun Xing had been all the while and reacted in time.


 One chased and the other escaped.


 The distance between Fang Yuan and Ye Lui Qun Xing was rapidly shrinking.


 The immortals held their breaths.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin also subconsciously stood up, looking at Ye Lui Qun Xing with worry.


 Ye Lui Hui Hong, however, stood stably in his seat, he had a better understanding of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s trump cards and did not think Ye Lui Qun Xing was in danger right now.


 “So he cultivates ancient sword dragon transformation!” Chu Du thought.


 “Ancient sword dragon, based on potential, it is still inferior to my heaven swallowing hound...” Immortal Wang had clenched teeth.


 “He finally took action!” This was what many Gu Immortals were thinking.


 “Go.”


 The retreating Ye Lui Qun Xing suddenly called out, pushing lightly towards the charging ancient sword dragon.


 Immediately, his whole hand emitted brilliant blue light. A star fragment shot out from the blue light and collided against Fang Yuan with a speed like that of a meteor.


 Fang Yuan roared towards the sky before suddenly moving, the whole ancient sword dragon made a beautiful arc in the air, as it nimbly moved past the incoming star fragment, almost brushing past it.


 When the Gu Immortals saw this scene, despite having an extremely bad impression of Fang Yuan, many of them could not help but give praise internally, as they sensed Fang Yuan had already reached a proficient level at ancient sword dragon transformation.


 Such control made Fang Yuan seem like he was an ancient sword dragon from the start of his life.


 “Not good.” Immortal Wang suddenly spoke.


 Almost at the same time, Ye Lui Qun Xing saw Fang Yuan moving past this star fragment, and the corner of lips slightly raised up.


 Ping.


 A sharp sound echoed. Fang Yuan’s dragon tail swung, directly smashing the star fragment he had brushed past.


 The ancient sword dragon Fang Yuan had turned into had a more terrifying tail compared to its claws, its tail could directly smash dark inkstone, let alone this star fragment.


 Such a response made even Chu Du pleasantly surprised.


 He was happy inwardly: “The information path Gu worm I gave to Liu Guan Yi has records of all the battle scenes of Ye Lui Qun Xing. So Liu Guan Yi knows he absolutely cannot let Ye Lui Qun Xing have many star fragments under his control. The greater the number of star fragments he controls, the stronger he would become. Finally, it would form into an enormous advantage that managed to defeat five people in a row.”


 Ye Lui Qun Xing was slightly disappointed when he saw Fang Yuan responding in the wisest way, and quickly increased his retreating speed.


 At the same time, he repeatedly clapped, layers of blue light covered his two hands, from which star fragments shot out one after the other.


 At first, they were only thumb sized, but as they moved in the air, they returned to their original size and flew more rapidly, bringing in strong gusts of wind.


 Boom boom boom.


 Fang Yuan used his horn, claws as well as his body and tail to destroy all these star fragments.


 He did not give Ye Lui Qun Xing any opportunity to accumulate power.


 For a moment, star debris flew all around, turning into blue fragments like fog or sand, which scattered with the strong gale, creating a beautiful sight that was difficult to describe.


 The silver scales of the ancient sword dragon also added to this beauty, as it moved along the star debris.


 Chu Du slightly frowned.


 Originally, Fang Yuan made a wise choice of smashing the star fragments, targeting the weakness of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s immortal killer move. But also because of this, it led to a decrease in Fang Yuan’s speed.


 The distance between the two did not shrink much.


 The advantage of the sneak attack before had already disappeared now.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing had already stabilized himself.


 He snorted, as he struck out with his hands rapidly, star fragments shot out everywhere, but not directly towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan fell into a difficult situation with two choices in front of him.


 If he charged directly towards Ye Lui Qun Xing, the latter would retreat and he would not be able to forcibly close the distance, at the same time, the surrounding star fragments would keep on increasing, accumulating a great advantage for the latter.


 If Fang Yuan dealt with these star fragments, he would have to keep on flying around, and would fall deeper into Ye Lui Qun Xing’s scheme, giving the latter the initiative to more easily arrange the battle situation.


 The ancient sword dragon slowed down its offense in its state of hesitation.


 Sensing this, Chu Du’s frown became deeper, while Ye Lui Hui Hong, inside Golden Dawn Hall, was starting to smile, taking a small sip of fine wine.


 Despite Fang Yuan’s hesitation not lasting for long, he had missed a good opportunity and there were now dozens of star fragments on the battlefield.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s advantage had started to accumulate.


 Fang Yuan was surrounded by the star fragments, despite him not caring about his body, and engaging in even more crazed offenses, he was not able to break through the layers of encirclement.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing relaxed, the star fragments continued to increase, not only surrounding Fang Yuan, some had also appeared beside him, orbiting around continuously.


 “Liu Guan Yi, you acted arrogant and boasted shamelessly, it was to make me take back the star fragments so I would have to lay them out again.”


 “Your scheme was quite deep, almost letting others think you are wildly arrogant. Unfortunately, I am not the same person I was years ago.”


 “A few years ago, I already improved upon this weakness of my immortal killer move. It is indeed somewhat weak at the start, but your methods are not enough to restrain me.”


 “Now, what are you going to use to resolve this situation?”


 A dragon’s roar resounded, Fang Yuan moved his body, brandished his claws, and destroyed countless star fragments, star debris flew all around.


 The dragon’s might was powerful, its speed was especially astonishing.


 Unfortunately, the spectating immortals sensed weakness within this strong momentum.


 Fang Yuan was attacking wildly, but Ye Lui Qun Xing was far away, watching with arms folded in front of him, maneuvering the star fragments leisurely.


 As time passed, there were more and more star fragments orbiting around Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 “Liu Guan Yi has lost!” Immortal Wang spoke decisively at this sight.


 Xue Wu Hen did not speak, inwardly thinking: “Based on strength, Elder Liu Guan Yi is indeed powerful, at the same level as Elder Hao Zhen and Elder Chou Lao Wu. But there is still a gap when compared to Ye Lui Qun Xing.”


 Chu Du was still frowning, the strength Fang Yuan displayed was not consistent with his expectations. But he still felt Fang Yuan had a trump card and was still confident in Fang Yuan, and until the end of the battle, he would choose to keep his expectations.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin laughed heartily at the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall, and shouted: “That Liu Guan or whatever, why are you not yelling now? Come on, continue boasting. Didn’t you say my tribe’s Lord Qun Xing could not compare to you? Didn’t you say fighting him would lower your status? Why are you not speaking now? Only knowing how to yell, what do you want to vent out?”


 The ancient sword dragon roared furiously, destroying the star fragments.


 Sensing Fang Yuan’s furious mood, Ye Lui Xiao Jin laughed again.


 “Chu Sect’s second supreme elder is only at this level.”


 “In all fairness, he does have some strength. Have you counted how many star fragments he has already destroyed?”


 “But that is useless, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s dominance is already increasing.”


 “Liu Guan Yi’s hesitation earlier decided the battle. This was his only fault but it was perfectly used by Ye Lui Qun Xing.”


 “Thinking of it, it is also not strange. What is Chu Sect? How can they be on par with our great Huang Jin forces? Their second supreme elder has such battle strength, Chu Du cannot be considered to have made a bad judgment.”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals drank and rejoiced inside Golden Dawn Hall, the atmosphere was relaxed.


 Ye Lui Hui Hong stroked his beard, the smile on his face had become brighter, but at the same time, he did not forget to speak and remind Ye Lui Qun Xing: “Be careful of his dragon breath. The ancient sword dragon’s strongest weapon is its breath. Until now, he still hasn’t breathed out once.”


 Ye Lui Qun Xing slightly nodded.


 Even without Ye Lui Hui Hong’s reminder, he had already been concerned about this.


 Experts!


 They were not decided with just strength, but also their mental state during battle.


 No doubt, Ye Lui Qun Xing who had suffered numerous defeats, had an extremely good mentality. He was an expert that had gone through painstaking training, setbacks and defeats.


 His foundation was extremely solid and stable.


 However, Ye Lui Qun Xing did not retreat.


 Right now, he was quite far away from Fang Yuan, almost at the opposite end of the battlefield.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing looked at the star fragments orbiting around him, and thought: “I have a hundred star fragments protecting me. Even if Chu Du personally comes, I can resist for a while, let alone this Liu Guan Yi. Dong Fang Chang Fan, you might have passed away, but let me sustain the reputation of myriad star fireflies for you. After all, my immortal killer move had received your guidance.”


 Right as most of the Gu Immortals felt the battle was decided, there was a sudden change!


 Sword escape Immortal Gu!


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan activated rank seven sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Right now, he had transformed into an ancient sword dragon, his transformation path dao marks had turned into sword path dao marks, adding on to his cultivation of sword eyebrows Immortal Gu, his sword path dao marks had already reached a number of ten thousand.


 A thousand dao marks could double an Immortal Gu’s power.


 Ten thousand dao marks could add ten times the power!


 Sword escape Immortal Gu was already an exceptional movement Gu worm among rank seven Immortal Gu. Now, ten times its power was added!


 At the same time, the ancient sword dragon’s own speed also had to be calculated.


 Sword dragons did not have strong long range attacks, but their burst of speed from a stationary state was astonishing.


 Ancient sword dragon, sword escape Immortal Gu and ten thousand sword path dao marks, when stacked together, allowed Fang Yuan to instantly disappear from his spot.


 Before any immortals had reacted, he had already flown through the whole battlefield and appeared in front of Ye Lui Qun Xing!


 At this moment, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s expression was still paused on a strategic and victorious smile. But his pupils had shrunk to needle-sized, as he looked, with extreme fright, at a gigantic sword dragon head that filled his whole vision!


 He only had one thought in his mind —


 “Impossible! My star fragments’ flying trajectories are extremely profound and takes reference from myriad star fireflies, how could he see through it?!”


 This was Ye Lui Qun Xing’s final thought in life.



***
Chapter 1205 - Be Careful of Liu Guan Yi


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Everything happened too quickly!


 At the previous moment, the ancient sword dragon was still tightly surrounded by star fragments. It was charging here and there, roaring repeatedly but unable to do anything.


 At the previous moment, Ye Lui Qun Xing was still at the other end of the battlefield, star fragments were orbiting around him like he was the lord of stars.


 At the previous moment, almost all the Gu Immortals felt Ye Lui Qun Xing already had victory in his grasp and the battle was decided. Because they were very much familiar with the scene that was unfolding in front of them.


 Before this, the five Gu Immortals Ye Lui Qun Xing had defeated in succession were all in this situation.


 Although there was no study of ‘subconscious bias’ in this world, these Gu Immortals’ thought processes were almost the same at this moment.


 Then, at the next moment!


 Fang Yuan suddenly used sword escape Immortal Gu, instantaneously bursting out with an extremely terrifying speed.


 At the next moment, the ancient sword dragon had destroyed all the obstructing star fragments in its path, and arrived in front of Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 He opened his mouth and breathed out.


 Dragon breath!


 While Ye Lui Qun Xing was still confident in his defensive methods, his whole head had instantly been sliced off.


 The human body was weak and had many fatal areas. One the head was cut off, they would die. Even if they turned into an immortal zombie, their head was still a weak point.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing immediately died!


 Fang Yuan smoothly grabbed his body.


 A portion of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul was also cut and before it could escape from his physical body, Fang Yuan had already stored it inside his immortal aperture.


 The whole process went extremely quickly.


 Fang Yuan had already been plotting for a long time!


 Activating Sword Escape, charging in, using his dragon breath and retrieving the corpse. The whole process involved four actions.


 But even so, after Fang Yuan finished these four actions, his whole dragon body had already charged out of the battlefield, reaching several li away.


 One could feel how terrifying his speed was!


 If it were a human body, it might have already burst from the enormous pressure brought by such intense speed.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had transformed into a dragon.


 But even with this, Fang Yuan felt quite a bit of pressure when he had charged.


 His vision had already turned blurry.


 If he had human eyes, they would not have been able to keep up with such speed. But Fang Yuan’s eyes were dragon eyes now, even so, it was difficult for his eyes to cope with this speed.


 At this speed, even Fang Yuan felt like he could not sustain it.


 “If I am to move with this speed, I must use all my energy and concentration in controlling my body.”


 “Otherwise, if there is any deviation in my direction, who knows whether I crash into peaks or the ground at the next moment.”


 “This speed is too fast, one moment I am still in the air, and the next moment I am already several li away!”


 Fang Yuan thought in his mind.


 He thought of when he had first gotten the sovereign immortal aperture and practiced colliding into Southern Border’s mounds, besides knocking himself dizzy, the whole mound and even the veins underneath had been destroyed.


 This speed was quite suitable for a momentary burst, but in truth, it was not highly practical during battle.


 Once Fang Yuan used his fastest speed, he would have to use all his energy and concentration in controlling the ancient sword dragon body. As such, he could only perform some simple actions, or maybe rely on the transformed sword dragon body.


 If so, it would be quite dangerous.


 Because although Fang Yuan would have a sturdy and strong body in ancient sword dragon form, the sovereign immortal body’s characteristic of non-conflicting dao marks would still exist.


 “Ancient sword dragon transformation is a classic case of strong offense and weak defense, moreover, there is an extreme imbalance between its offense and defense.”


 “Fortunately, I actually succeeded this time and killed Ye Lui Qun Xing. My luck is pretty good!”


 “First, I need to find a place to annex this immortal aperture before I think of anything else.”


 Fang Yuan did not return, directly flying away from Blood Plain.


 The Gu Immortals of both sides watched his figure dazedly, until he disappeared into the horizon.


 The immortals looked at the messy battlefield with countless star debris as well as many star fragments still flying in the air, only then did they come to a sudden realization!


 “Liu Guan Yi, he killed Ye Lui Qun Xing!”


 “Unbelievable! This is like a dream.”


 “Too fast, we simply cannot react to such speed.”


 Regardless of the righteous path or Chu Du’s side, they were both clamoring in discussions. Gu Immortals did not transmit their voices secretly, but directly spoke out, as if they could only release the doubts in their hearts by speaking up.


 Ye Lui Xiao Jin was standing, dumbfounded, at the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall, like a statue.


 Just moments before Ye Lui Qun Xing was killed by Fang Yuan, he had still been shouting and mocking Fang Yuan.


 Now, these words he spoke out, as well as his actions, seemed to be like slaps that struck his face repeatedly and resoundingly.


 He was shaken and shocked, unable to believe this fact!


 Ye Lui Hui Hong also stood from his seat, his hand was still holding a wine cup and his beard was wet from the spilling of the wine.


 Just the moment before Fang Yuan killed Ye Lui Qun Xing, he had been sitting and moving the wine cup to his lips.


 But after the matter occurred, Ye Lui Hui Hong subconsciously stood up from shock, not caring about the wine cup in his hand, letting the wine spill on his beard, neck and clothes.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing was dead!


 An expert of Ye Lui tribe, a famous Northern Plains Gu Immortal, Ye Lui Qun Xing was dead.


 His death was so sudden that there had been no signs at all.


 If Ye Lui Xiao Jin was said to be a future hope of Ye Lui tribe, then Ye Lui Qun Xing was a current pillar of the tribe.


 But he had died.


 His life had ended here!


 This was an extremely heavy impact to Ye Lui Hui Hong and Ye Lui Xiao Jin!


 And to the whole of Ye Lui tribe as well, this was an extremely big loss!


 “Terrifying, too powerful.”


 “He is indeed the second supreme elder of Chu Sect, such astonishing battle strength.”


 “Chu Du really has an eye for talent, I had been looking down on Liu Guan Yi just before, my insight is still too superficial.”


 The Gu Immortals on Chu Du’s side were all showing happy expressions.


 Despite them not liking Fang Yuan, the battle achievement was displayed in front of them, Fang Yuan had resolved their difficult problem, Ye Lui Qun Xing, permanently.


 From now, there would be no such person in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 “Amazing. Elder Liu put on a pretentious appearance to incite the other side, then during the battle, he lured the enemy into having a false sense of security step by step. He clearly has such strength, but he restrained himself until the last moment, when he dealt the fatal blow!” Xue Wu Hen heaved a long sigh.


 He was thoroughly convinced.


 Such a turn of events made him fully admire Fang Yuan.


 “How laughable I was, I had still been thinking Elder Liu was nothing impressive. Sigh, if I was Elder Liu’s enemy, I might have died without knowing how I died. I am still too inexperienced!”


 “Everyone needs to pay attention, this Liu Guan Yi is extremely crafty, be vigilant when you encounter him in the future.” Inside Golden Dawn Hall, Nu Er Gu spoke with a grave expression, breaking the long silence.


 Right now, as they thought back to Fang Yuan’s performance, they all felt Fang Yuan was extremely insidious and sly.


 The arrogance before the battle and the weak display during the battle were just disguises so he could strike with the most fatal attack at the end.


 He did not make a move carelessly, but when he moved, it shook everyone!


 “Ping Zhi, if you run into this Liu Guan Yi alone in the future, it would be best for you to avoid him and retreat.” Nian Er Yi Fang looked at his tribe’s future hope, and spoke with worry.


 Nian Er Ping Zhi nodded: “Yes! I understand. I am only a Sword Child right now, when I become a Swordmaster in the future and cultivate to rank seven, I will definitely have a proper fight with this Elder Liu Guan Yi.”


 The righteous path Gu Immortals spoke to each other.


 “Ye Lui Qun Xing died a miserable death. The whole battle was in Liu Guan Yi’s grasp, what we and Ye Lui Qun Xing felt and saw, was all just his facade.”


 “Sigh, who could have thought he had such strength.”


 “Elder Ye Lui Hui Hong, don’t blame yourself. We will definitely take revenge for Ye Lui tribe in the coming battles!”


 Ye Lui Hui Hong had already snapped back to awareness.


 There was one thing he did not understand in his mind — how was Liu Guan Yi able to easily penetrate through the heavy lines of defense from Ye Lui Qun Xing’s numerous star fragments!


 He had sparred many times with Ye Lui Qun Xing and was very clear on how much power the defensive lines held.


 This doubt was shrouding over Ye Lui Hui Hong’s heart, like a heavy dark fog.


 He took two large breaths, his face was still pale, but he forcibly calmed down because right now, he represented the whole of Ye Lui tribe.


 If his performance was not good, the whole of Ye Lui tribe would be disgraced!


 “Lady Gong Wan Ting.” Ye Lui Hui Hong took a deep bow to the main seat, “My tribe’s Ye Lui Qun Xing is of pure Huang Jin bloodline, sacrificing his life here is also a glory for him, he is a hero of our Huang Jin bloodline. But now, his corpse is still in his killer’s hands, his soul also might still be alive. I sincerely request to come forward and recover Qun Xing’s corpse and his soul.”


 “Of course.” Gong Wan Ting softly agreed, her attitude was straightforward and clear.


 According the rules set by both sides previously, they could exchange corpses.


 But right now, Fang Yuan had already raced off to who knows where with Ye Lui Qun Xing’s corpse. Even if the righteous path Gu Immortals wanted to chase him, they were too late.


 Thus, Gong Wan Ting directly asked Chu Du.


 Chu Du was also surprised at Fang Yuan’s direct departure, and had already sent a letter to ask. Fang Yuan had such strength, Chu Du still needed to rely on him.


 Just as Gong Wan Ting had asked, Chu Du had coincidentally received Fang Yuan’s reply in his immortal aperture —


 “I have great use for Ye Lui Qun Xing’s corpse! Brother Chu, if you have no choice, just expel me from Chu Sect.”


 These were two simple sentences, but they expressed Fang Yuan’s firm and unrelenting attitude.


 Chu Du frowned, but spoke calmly to Gong Wan Ting: “Fairy, you can rest at ease, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s corpse will definitely be guarded properly. I have already notified my sect’s second supreme elder. But to exchange for the corpse, your side will have to pay a price.”


 “Everything can be discussed.” Ye Lui Hui Hong immediately agreed, his stance was clear.



***
Chapter 1206 - Becoming Rank Seven!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan had already thrown the matter of the blood battle martial competition to the back of his mind.


 He absolutely would not let go of Ye Lui Qun Xing’s immortal aperture. Even if he could not annex it right now, he could do so in the future.


 As for the righteous path’s demand for Ye Lui Qun Xing’s corpse and soul, Fang Yuan thought about it and was willing to satisfy a portion of the request, regarding the body.


 His focus was the immortal aperture, Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul also could not be transacted, he could soul search and obtain many of Ye Lui tribe’s secrets. After the soul search, he could still hand over this Gu Immortal soul to Lang Ya Sect and earn sect contribution points.


 “The urgent matter right now is to test whether I can annex this immortal aperture or not.”


 Fang Yuan flew rapidly.


 He took twists and turns, guarding against heaven’s will.


 A few hours later, he arrived at Tai Qiu.


 Tai Qiu was not too far away from Blood Plain.


 If looked from Northern Plains’ map, Blood Plain would be at the left side and Tai Qiu would be at the right side, the territory in between was Hei tribe’s Iron Eagle blessed land.


 Blood Plain, Iron Eagle blessed land and Tai Qiu, if these three were connected in two lines, they would form an irregular V shape.


 Entering Tai Qiu, Fang Yuan changed his appearance and sneaked inside.


 He was familiar with the route, and soon, he arrived at the super Gu formation he had arranged previously.


 Through the super Gu formation, he arrived at Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Fang Yuan has returned!” Sixth Hair immediately paid close attention to Fang Yuan’s every move.


 “Ever since he left after exchanging for dragon breath Immortal Gu, this is the first time he has returned. What did he use dragon breath Immortal Gu for?” Sixth Hair was constantly guessing.


 He did not know that hours ago, Fang Yuan had used ancient sword dragon transformation to kill a rank seven Gu Immortal expert, Ye Lui Qun Xing.


 This person was at the same level as Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar.


 Fang Yuan’s strength was now already able to compare favorably to these characters.


 Since the failure at Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect was in an extremely disordered state, Sixth Hair might very well be the only survivor of Shadow Sect left in Northern Plains, his information gathering was much slower than before.


 But the news of Fang Yuan killing Ye Lui Qun Xing could not be covered up. This news was too shocking and would soon spread throughout the whole of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, and even Central Continent’s Gu Immortals would hear of it.


 After all, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects were also paying attention to this blood battle martial competition.


 “Eh? Fang Yuan is leaving again?” Sixth Hair was astonished.


 The super Gu formation flashed again as Fang Yuan left.


 Sixth Hair did not know what Fang Yuan was doing, coming and going in such a hurry. But he intuitively felt something amiss, and was somewhat panicked. He felt Fang Yuan was going to obtain enormous benefits at this time.


 Fang Yuan’s growth rate was increasing rapidly, and to Shadow Sect, this was very bad news.


 Fang Yuan used Lang Ya blessed land to teleport.


 He wanted to annex the immortal aperture, for that, he had to first place the aperture.


 He could not place the immortal aperture in Blood Plain, the commotion would be huge and it would attract countless gazes, and that was not good for Fang Yuan.


 “It was not easy to obtain this rank seven star path immortal aperture, I naturally want the process of annexing it to go without any mishaps!”


 When Fang Yuan appeared in the other Gu formation outside, he was already very far away from Blood Plain.


 He had already planned his actions, and had already chosen a location.


 Exiting the teleportation Gu formation, he hid his tracks and flew rapidly, arriving above ordinary grassland not long later.


 After inspecting and not finding anything wrong, Fang Yuan took out Ye Lui Qun Xing’s corpse.


 The pitiful fellow’s head had already been sliced off entirely.


 Fang Yuan used temporary measures to handle the headless corpse, ensuring the immortal aperture would still exist.


 This method had its own history.


 When Fang Yuan had seen Blazing Heaven Demoness’ method of retrieving apertures, he had also inquired her for some research results of Old Immortal Kong Jue. Adding on to Fang Yuan’s methods from his first life, he had created his own method in preserving an immortal aperture.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul was already taken out by Fang Yuan and sealed properly.


 The situation was a little troublesome.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul had similarly suffered from his dragon breath and its injuries were not light. Fortunately, Fang Yuan had guts Gu.


 Although this Gu worm was only a mortal Gu, it was created from a secluded domain of heaven and earth, and was among the best methods of soul strengthening in this world. Fang Yuan was the owner of Dang Hun mountain, thus he had large reserves of them with him.


 After using many guts Gu, despite Ye Lui Qun Xing’s soul being on the verge of dissipation, it was finally rescued.


 Fang Yuan released the seal he laid out and threw the corpse onto the grassland.


 The mighty Ye Lui Qun Xing, who had enjoyed boundless glory while alive, was treated so casually after dying. If Ye Lui tribe’s Gu Immortals were to see this, they would definitely jump out in anger to stake their lives against Fang Yuan.


 Several breaths later, there was turbulence in heaven and earth qi.


 The immortal aperture began to land on the ground, causing a huge commotion.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had Dog Shit Luck and was not as unlucky as before, when it seemed like he might even die from choking when drinking water.


 Without any surprises, the immortal aperture’s entrance opened in front of Fang Yuan.


 Despite having the upper extreme heavenly eagle, he still took the chance to enter Qun Xing blessed land through the entrance.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing’s blessed land was rather peculiar.


 The sky was a scene of darkness, but the ground below emitted dim blue light.


 The moment Fang Yuan glanced, his mind shook.


 He discovered, the ground of this blessed land was actually covered with countless star fragments. The large ones among these star fragments were as big as shells, while the small ones were the size of pebbles, and they gave a rustling sound when stepped on.


 The blessed land seemed endless in size, its surface was vast and its terrain was level.


 Fang Yuan wanted to fly, but felt a powerful magnetic force that firmly kept him to the ground.


 The ground suddenly protruded up, then a basin sized star core floated in front of Fang Yuan.


 This azure star core was like a dark blue crystal ball, it was this blessed land’s land spirit.


 It was bright and colorful, and was slowly revolving on its own axis, emitting all kinds of light rays, making Fang Yuan mentally associate them to the rays of light in those perfect diamonds back on Earth.


 Amidst soundless communication, Fang Yuan learned about this blessed land’s ownership condition.


 To ordinary Gu Immortals, this condition was quite difficult.


 Because the land spirit’s request was to show the true, complete version of the immortal killer move, myriad star fireflies, to it.


 While alive, Ye Lui Qun Xing had all along been pondering on myriad star fireflies. The immortal killer move he created also imitated myriad star fireflies heavily.


 His obsession was about this.


 After death, his obsession combined with the heavenly power in the immortal aperture, to form this land spirit.


 “My luck is overflowing, it cannot be stopped, hahaha.” Fang Yuan immediately took out the whole contents of myriad star fireflies and gave it to the land spirit.


 He was the killer of Dong Fang Chang Fan and had searched Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul countless times, sometimes also torturing him. In the end, he had handed Dong Fang Chang Fan’s soul to Lang Ya land spirit like it was rubbish, and exchanged it for sect contribution points.


 After a while, Fang Yuan became this blessed land’s master.


 “Now is the most crucial moment. Let’s see if I can annex this blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan rested for a while before beginning.


 Immortal apertures could annex one another, and summarizing the experiences of predecessors, there were three main conditions for this.


 First, annexing an immortal aperture required specific attainment level.


 Second, a smaller immortal aperture could not engulf a bigger one.


 Third, dead apertures could not be annexed.


 Fang Yuan already satisfied two conditions for annexing Qun Xing blessed land. But there was still one condition left which was somewhat ambiguous.


 A smaller immortal aperture could not engulf a bigger one. The question here was, what was small and what was big?


 If it was cultivation level, rank six immortal apertures were small and rank seven immortal aperture were big, then Fang Yuan would not be able to annex this Qun Xing blessed land.


 If it was based on the immortal aperture’s foundation and so on, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture absolutely surpassed Qun Xing blessed land, and could devour it.


 Fang Yuan had already wanted to test this and verify it.


 The regretful thing was that there were very few rank seven immortal apertures among the immortal apertures he knew of, and he was also unable to fulfill the attainment level conditions.


 Until now, when Fang Yuan seized Qun Xing blessed land.


 Fang Yuan had both skills and boldness, he began to test; with the land spirit’s help, he began to annex Qun Xing blessed land.


 The process was smooth beyond expectations.


 He simply did not encounter any obstacles!


 The test succeeded!


 After annexing Qun Xing blessed land, not only did the sovereign immortal aperture have an enormous star fragment plain, more importantly, many of Fang Yuan’s calamities and tribulations were passed, letting him officially ascend to rank seven from rank six.


 Rank seven Gu Immortal!


 “From this moment on, I am a rank seven Gu Immortal. I have finally become a rank seven...”


 Fang Yuan was filled with emotions.


 In the five hundred years of his first life, he had only been at rank six second heavenly tribulation level. Naturally, the current Fang Yuan knew that heaven’s will had intentionally suppressed his cultivation level.


 Heaven’s will required an otherworldly demon as a tool to deal with Shadow Sect. Fang Yuan was chosen by heaven’s will, naturally it carved and sculpted Fang Yuan to make him a qualified chess piece. At the least, his cultivation level could not be too high, if he was too strong, heaven’s will would find it more difficult to control Fang Yuan. He also could not be too weak, otherwise, even with rebirth, he could not be of any use. Rank six was just right.


 This was a long term plan of heaven’s will!


 But at present, because of all kinds of fortuitous encounters as well as his own efforts and perseverance, Fang Yuan had finally broken through heaven’s will’s restrictions and charged to rank seven.


 Its significance was huge!


 Rank six Gu Immortals were considered bottom tier, they were numerous.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals were mid-tier, they were the elites among Gu Immortals and had high statuses.


 Rank eights were rare, their every move could create a storm in a region.


 Reaching this level, Fang Yuan had already become an elite among Gu Immortals, an expert. If a rank six saw him, they would have to detour around him. Even among rank seven Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan was only wary of Ye Lui Qun Xing, Unfettered Scholar, Nu Er Gu, such characters of this level.


 Chu Du? Fang Yuan estimated he was still somewhat below him. Fortunately, Chu Du was currently his ally.


 At this moment, the sovereign immortal aperture began to produce red date immortal essence.


 Shortly, Fang Yuan would possess his own red date immortal essence.


 At the same time, he could also merge his accumulated green grape immortal essence and turn them into red date immortal essence.


 One hundred beads of green grape immortal essence could merge into a bead of red date immortal essence.


 “I need to merge them!”


 “If green grape immortal essence was used to activate rank seven Immortal Gu, there would be at least thirty percent additional expenditure. After merging them into red date immortal essence, there won’t be any meaningless loss in this aspect.”


 “Once some time passes, I will have reserves of red date immortal essence and will no longer have to fear battles of attrition. The difficult situation when Heavenly Lord Bai Zu attacked Hei Fan grotto-heaven will be completely behind me!”



***
Chapter 1207 - Doing Something Bad


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Hah!” Hao Zhen flew to the sky and spat out a thunderbolt.


 This thunderbolt shrunk into a ball, with the color of lapis lazuli, and charged towards Hao Zhen’s opponent with a speed that seemed to be slow but was actually fast.


 His opponent was a Gu Immortal of Murong tribe who had a burly stature, with muscles that were like layers of rocks, he had a wide nose bridge, large chin, and small forehead, making his head look like a triangle.


 Seeing the thunderbolt approach him, he actually did not dodge and let the thunderbolt land on his body.


 Boom.


 The thunderbolt exploded, lightning splashed out everywhere, dazzling the spectating immortals’ eyes for a moment.


 After the lightning dissipated, the Murong tribe Gu Immortal was standing on the same spot without even budging.


 There was a patch of burnt color on his chest from which white smoke was still rising.


 But, the effect was only that.


 “This is your strongest attack? Hmm, you have burned some of my hair, it is a little more powerful than before.” This Murong tribe Gu Immortal spoke in a tranquil tone without a hint of frustration.


 “You!” Hao Zhen’s eyes seemed to spout fire from anger, but he was not able to retort.


 His strongest killer move had no effect on this opponent.


 “Wonderful!”


 “He is indeed the Gu Immortal famous for his defense in Northern Plains.”


 “Murong Gang... this guy has not attacked at all and is only taking the beating passively. Elder Hao Zhen’s offense actually could not show any results.”


 Both sides’ Gu Immortals exclaimed in surprise.


 Fang Yuan killing Ye Lui Qun Xing had been an extremely heavy blow to the righteous path.


 To turn the tide of the situation and raise morale, Gong Wan Ting immediately took measures to make Murong tribe’s strongest expert among their current group take action.


 It was this burly man who seemed to be forged from steel — Murong Gang!


 Chu Du was frowning again.


 He sighed internally: “Just now, Ye Lui Qun Xing was killed, now there is Murong Gang. These Huang Jin tribes are indeed the overlords who have ruled Northern Plains for so many years, their accumulation is truly powerful.”


 At this moment, Hao Zhen admitted his defeat and returned with a pale expression: “I am ashamed, I could not live up to your expectations.”


 Chu Du consoled him with a few words.


 Fang Yuan had not left for long, and he had fallen into the same awkward situation like before.


 He looked at the immortals behind him, but found he had no capable people to send.


 “In my opinion, the strongest person among us is you, supreme elder. But, you cannot easily take the stage, I think you need to call back Elder Liu.” Immortal Wang suggested.


 His suggestion was immediately approved by many Gu Immortals.


 “Right, Elder Liu’s strength is unfathomable, he can kill Murong Gang!”


 “Elder Liu killed Ye Lui Qun Xing easily, killing Murong Gang won’t be a problem for him.”


 “Elder Liu’s ancient sword dragon breath is too powerful.”


 Even Murong Gang spoke: “Domination Immortal, don’t send other minor characters. Besides you, the only one who can enter my, Murong Gang’s, eyes, is Liu Guan Yi. Bring him out, I would like to experience the power of his dragon breath.”


 “Damn it! He is actually looking down on us.” Chou Lao Wu was furious.


 Hao Zhen clenched his fists: “If it were two on two, we could use wind thunder roar and wipe them out!”


 After seeing Fang Yuan’s power, Hao Zhen and Chou Lao Wu had no more dissatisfaction towards their position of third and fourth supreme elders.


 Hao Zhen was only saying this to retain some face.


 Actually, he was aware that his and Chou Lao Wu’s wind thunder roar was powerful, but it was not easy to use it and it required a safe environment.


 Like before, when Heavenly Lord Bai Zu attacked Hei Fan grotto-heaven, they were able to use wind thunder roar because they were protected by other Gu Immortals.


 Everyone was anticipating Fang Yuan’s reappearance.


 Chu Du’s side hoped Fang Yuan could raise their might again.


 The righteous path’s side hoped they could kill Fang Yuan. Avenging Ye Lui tribe was secondary, the main thing was that they wanted to kill this person to salvage their face!


 Chu Du naturally also hoped Fang Yuan would take the stage again.


 But Fang Yuan had not given any reply.


 Chu Du could only smile bitterly at this, and could do nothing about it.


 His and Fang Yuan’s relationship was of mutual benefits and they held equal status.


 Lang Ya blessed land, inside a secret room in a cloud city.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on a prayer mat, his divine sense entering his immortal aperture.


 He was merging green grape immortal essence and refining them into red date immortal essence.


 This merging method was widely popular and was not anything new.


 Countless mortal Gu was moving on their specific trajectories, some were standing still, some emitted light, while some flew continuously.


 Under the effect of these Gu worms, beads of green grape immortal essence were slowly but surely merging together.


 Tens of thousands of green grape immortal essence were piled in this enormous mortal Gu formation.


 With Fang Yuan’s continuous effort, there were already two beads of red date immortal essence produced at the bottom of the green grape immortal essence.


 “Hmm? Chu Du sent a letter again, it is still that Murong Gang... this is already the sixth letter.” Fang Yuan’s attention slightly diverted.


 Shortly afterwards, he threw this information path mortal Gu aside, having no interest to even reply.


 What blood battle martial competition, I don’t give a f*ck!


 Screw off.


 In any case, Fang Yuan’s agreement with Chu Sect was extremely loose. Besides some fundamental interests and principles, even if he suddenly did not want to do a task, or his interest waned, or he betrayed the sect, or he voluntarily left Chu Sect, he would receive no backlash.


 What was the nature of this blood battle martial competition?


 Fang Yuan knew it was a political compromise.


 This was a stage which Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang, two rank eights, had discussed and created. It was to restrict the scope of the conflict between one another. The basic purpose was to ensure both sides’ interests did not suffer loss beyond their bottom-line.


 Yao Huang knew clearly that since Bai Zu tribe was already established, it could not be destroyed. At least, he alone was not able to do it.


 Because on the opposing side was a rank eight Gu Immortal, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu. As long as he existed, Bai Zu tribe was as stable as a rock.


 Unless Longevity Heaven sent a powerful reinforcement, for example, a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 When he received the Longevity Edict, he was already reluctant. All he needed was to provide an explanation to deal with Longevity Heaven.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not want to provoke trouble, he had just created his tribe and wanted everything to move smoothly. However, the situation did not permit it. He could only swallow the bitter pill and face the Huang Jin tribes’ allied offense.


 Just this competition would do. They would not truly fight to the death!


 Chu Du had seen through these two sides’ thoughts, and because he was coincidentally squeezed in between, he took a huge step forward and established Chu Sect, using Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s might to test the response of Northern Plains’ righteous path. If it was accepted, he could expand Chu Sect, if it was not accepted, he would disband Chu Sect. The losses wouldn’t be huge and were of no concern.


 From Longevity Heaven’s standpoint, they naturally did not like seeing other bloodlines mixing in among the righteous path. All along, Northern Plains had been the world of the Huang Jin tribes. They were even more unwilling to see Chu Sect’s existence! The master-disciple relationship, compared to the bloodline system, were two different ideologies. Systems based on either one were always sensitive and on guard against the other.


 Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals were clear that once the master-disciple system was spread, it would greatly shake their tribal forces and benefits.


 Central Continent was a clear example and the best evidence of this.


 “But Longevity Heaven is dreaming if they want to rely on just the Longevity Edict to destroy the alliance between Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe.”


 “Unless they become more resolute and send out rank eight experts to kill Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!”


 “This world is all about strength.”


 “Hei tribe did not have a rank eight Gu Immortal to suppress the situation and had also lost their Immortal Gu House, with just some excuses, their fellow Huang Jin tribe members destroyed them.”


 “Bai Zu tribe is an outsider and not of Huang Jin bloodline, but there is Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, making it a completely different situation.”


 “Strength... strength...”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts lingered over this word.


 Rank seven cultivation level.


 This was an accomplishment, but to him, it was only another starting point.


 “The blood battle martial competition does not match my interests.”


 “I have the sovereign immortal aperture and can annex other immortal apertures, skipping calamities and tribulations to raise my cultivation and strength. This is a shortcut for cultivation, filled with slaughter and blood. But... I like it.”


 “I want chaos, the more chaos, the better!”


 “But the five regions chaotic war is still over four hundred years later! It is too far away, I can’t wait that long.”


 “I need to think of a way to make them fight. The blood battle martial competition is too gentle, how many can be killed? If there are no deaths, there won’t be blessed lands.”


 “There is also Lang Ya Sect and the four races alliance, hehe, if I let Northern Plains’ human Gu Immortals know of them, what will their response be? Regretfully, I am bound by alliance agreements. Although there is ‘Do Not Care’, it cannot resolve the underlying problem!”


 Fang Yuan’s only worry was that the world wouldn’t be chaotic, sinister and dangerous thoughts started to rise up in his mind.


 He did not intend to go to Blood Plain.


 The sect’s enthusiastic anticipation and the enemy’s provocation, what value did they have?


 Fang Yuan had to spend all his effort to kill Ye Lui Qun Xing. If his actions had slightly slowed, he would have lost the opportunity. Would those three Immortal Gu Houses just stay there like decorations?


 Especially that Murong Gang, he was a tough foe, it would not be easy for Fang Yuan to defeat him, let alone kill him.


 Since the start of the battle, Chu Du’s side had lost many times, while the righteous path had not even lost one-third of the time.


 Hehe, there definitely would be some internal conflicts of the sect involved in this.


 This was a trick righteous path Gu Immortals liked to play.


 Fang Yuan had first thought of going to Southern Border.


 Over these last days, he had adjusted his cultivation plan, using almost all his time and energy in refining dream path mortal Gu.


 It was all preparation for that giant dream realm in Southern Border.


 But he thought and thought, and felt the opportunity at this blood battle martial competition was truly too rare.


 Adding on that on Southern Border’s end, it was occupied by the righteous path whom had arranged a super Gu formation to tightly defend the giant dream realm, Fang Yuan felt it would be very difficult for him to meddle in and did not have any opening currently.


 Thus, after Fang Yuan refined all the green grape immortal essence into red date immortal essence, he quietly left Lang Ya blessed land and arrived at Liu tribe’s territory.


 He was going to do something bad.



***
Chapter 1208 - With the Murder Weapon in Hand, Killing Intent Surges


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Northern Plains, Bone Burial Field.


 This was a place filled with white bones, countless piles of skeletons were together.


 There were some huge skeletons resembling hills, and also small skeletons unassumingly situated by the side.


 Most skeletons were pale white in color, under the corrosion of nature in the sun and wind, their flesh had already decomposed, only these strong and tough bones of the desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts remained.


 But there were also some bones with special colors. Some were yellow and shining brightly, some were purple and alluring, emitting poisonous gas.


 Gu Immortal Liu Yong was paying close attention.


 He had the Huang Jin bloodline, he was a rank six enslavement path Gu Immortal of Liu tribe.


 Right now, he was manipulating six desolate beast bone armor hounds as he traveled in Bone Burial Field, searching for his target.


 The formation of Bone Burial Field had several possible rumored origins.


 Some said that during the Olden Antiquity Era, two enslavement path great experts engaged in a life and death battle here, resulting in the deaths of many desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts.


 Some said that this was a graveyard of bone monsters. Countless bone monsters felt that their lifespans were ending, so they came here and buried themselves.


 Some even speculated that this was a Gu refinement ground created by a refinement path great grandmaster during ancient times, after countless years had passed, it reached this present state.


 But no matter what, Bone Burial Field contained large numbers of desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses.


 Liu tribe controlled this place and developed it wholeheartedly, trying to turn this into a production base for bone path Gu worms.


 And every year, Liu Yong would borrow the use of this place, to pick suitable bones for his bone armor hounds and replenish their bone armor.


 “This white bone seems like a snake bone, it is soft and cannot be used. If it is eaten, the bone armor would be soft and have no defensive properties.”


 “This is a poison Gu, bone armor hounds do not have high resistance against poison, they will die if they eat this.”


 “This bone is not bad, it seems to be a desolate beast steel skin giant lizard’s bone. Even though it is not the hardest, it is good enough, especially when it can endure heavy weight.”


 Liu Yong inspected for a moment, discovering more and more loot.


 Eventually, he placed his beloved hounds, the six bone armor hounds, at six different locations.


 He himself was lying down on a huge skull, looking at the sky.


 “Today has good weather, it is sunny with gentle breeze.” He looked at the blue sky, there were no clouds anywhere, and the sunlight was not intense, wind blew on his face mildly, he felt very comfortable.


 Looking at the empty sky, Liu Yong felt really bored.


 “Hmm? The tribe has sent an information Gu here?” Suddenly, his brows rose as his eyes shone with light, he sensed that something interesting was coming.


 His mind quickly entered his immortal aperture, as his consciousness entered the information path Gu worm.


 The contents of the Gu worm spoke about the advancements and developments that Liu tribe had made in the last few months.


 Next were some rumors, and the actions of experts recently.


 Finally, the most important point, it talked about the developments of the blood battle martial competition.


 “Murong Gang defeated eight people in a row, impressive!”


 “However, between every battle, he has to recover for two hours. He is unlike Ye Lui Qun Xing, he could fight consecutively.”


 “I heard that Murong Gang has strong defensive methods, but his immortal essence expenditure is huge as well!”


 “Sigh, speaking of Ye Lui Qun Xing, it was really a pity. He was actually killed by Chu Sect’s second supreme elder in a sneak attack, that was really despicable!”


 Liu tribe was a Huang Jin tribe, a righteous path force, when spreading the information, they naturally placed it from their own perspective for their political benefit.


 Even though the information was not wrong, the way it was written would give others a different feeling when reading it.


 For example, ‘losing repeatedly’ and ‘fighting on despite repeated setbacks’, between the two phrases, they would provide different impressions.


 All in all, it talked about how strong Fang Yuan was, and the facts about his ancient sword dragon transformation, the information also emphasized on how shameless he was, and how devious and scheming he acted.


 The ‘Liu Guan Yi’ identity that Fang Yuan was using had definitely became (in)famous after this battle, nobody in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world did not know of him, even Prince Feng Xian and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu learned of him, even in the other regions, like Central Continent, they heard about Liu Guan Yi.


 After expressing his anger and disdain towards Fang Yuan, Liu Yong thought about himself, sighing.


 “I cultivate enslavement path, I am not suited to one-on-one fights.”


 “When can I gain such fame at the blood battle martial competition too?”


 “Maybe one day, I can defeat Liu Guan Yi and challenge Domination Immortal Chu Du! Wouldn’t that be really cool!”


 Liu Yong was thinking about this when suddenly, there was a huge explosion.


 Rumble!


 The entire ground was shaking intensely.


 “What, what is going on?!” The giant skull below Liu Yong had fallen off the neck of the skeleton due to the tremors.


 Liu Yong quickly got up as he floated in the air, staring widely in bewilderment: “This defensive Gu formation is being attacked, someone is attacking here? This is the territory of my Liu tribe!”


 Thinking of this, Liu Yong felt that it was unimaginable.


 My Liu tribe is a great righteous path force, a Huang Jin tribe, we are a domineering force in the whole of Northern Plains.


 Especially recently, their long-time enemy, Hei tribe, was gone, and Chu Du was also being targeted, the future looked promising and they were currently in high spirits, someone was actually attacking Liu tribe’s territory now?


 Who gave them the guts?


 Their dog guts were truly rivalling heaven!


 Liu Yong was furious, and also slightly glad: “Thankfully, I came here to pick up bones and feed my bone armor hounds, heh, the attacker is really unlucky to have encountered me... eh?!”


 At the next moment, Liu Yong saw the invader.


 Or rather, a dragon.


 An ancient sword dragon!


 It had pale white eyes, a sharp horn that extended to the sky, its scales were shiny and thick, its claws were sharp and powerful, it had a muscular tail, and its teeth gave off a chilly feeling, Liu Yong shuddered upon seeing it.


 “Oh? It seems that a member of Liu tribe is here, my luck is pretty good.” The ancient sword dragon spoke human words, as its dragon eyes emitted strong killing intent.


 “Liu, Liu Guan Yi?!” Liu Yong was stunned.


 At this moment, he wanted to cry.


 His heart was pounding intensely, his body was uncontrollably shaking as Liu Yong screamed internally to himself: “Stay calm, quickly calm down, Liu Yong! You can do it.”


 Another voice in his head was resounding: “Calm down my ass, he is Liu Guan Yi, even Ye Lui Qun Xing died at his hands. He is scheming and shameless, unscrupulous and shrewd, I am just a tiny rank six Gu Immortal.”


 “Calm down, calm down! Right, right! Liu Guan Yi is the second supreme elder of Chu Sect, isn’t Chu Sect a righteous path force? Then Liu Guan Yi is a righteous path Gu Immortal! As a righteous path member, how can he attack us for no reason? Attacking us for wealth, that is a demonic path act.” Liu Guan Yi calmly analyzed.


 At the same time, another voice screamed in his head: “Then tell me, why is Liu Guan Yi not participating in the blood battle martial competition, but here instead? He destroyed our Liu tribe’s defensive Gu formation, his evil intentions are apparent! What else could he want?!”


 Even though Liu Yong’s name had ‘courage’ 1 in it, at this moment, he was completely gutless, he stammered as his tongue was shivering: “Liu, Lord Liu, why are you here at my, my Liu tribe...”


 “Of course it is to...” Fang Yuan purposely dragged his words out.


 “Is, is to what?” Liu Yong asked.


 Fang Yuan’s reply was not in words, it was his dragon breath.


 This was the ancient sword dragon’s breath, having the rank seven dragon breath Immortal Gu in it, the speed was fast like a flash of white light!


 Liu Yong’s upper body blew up.


 Fresh blood spewed out, scattering on the pale white bones, detailing the sadness and pathetic state of a weakling.


 The two halves of his body landed on the ground, his expression before death was still frozen on his face, his eyes were staring wide open.


 “Useless fellow. But it is not strange... all of the Huang Jin tribes have been in power for too long, there is unavoidably some rot on the inside. Just like the ten great ancient sects.” Fang Yuan analyzed internally.


 The bigger the tree, the more leaves it would have, and unavoidably, it would have some rotten wilting leaves as well.


 Woof woof woof!


 The six bone armor hounds barked at Fang Yuan angrily.


 Their owner was dead, but they still feel attached to him, they all ran over, guarding their master’s corpse, defending it loyally, as if hoping that it would revive.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan’s evaluation of Liu Yong rose by a bit: “It seems that he is passable in raising desolate beasts, unfortunately, they do not have the wisdom of Gu Immortals, what can these six beasts do?”


 Fang Yuan sneered as he flew down.


 This battle had no unexpected surprises.


 An hour later, six fainted bone armor hounds were lying in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 These desolate beast hounds appeared at a good time, Fang Yuan was about to buy some desolate beast dogs and use their faeces to feed dog shit luck Immortal Gu.


 There were also a vast amount of desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses, they had extremely high value.


 Fang Yuan placed them in his sovereign immortal aperture, temporarily storing them somewhere.


 And finally, Liu Yong’s corpse, his immortal aperture was still hidden in his stomach, Fang Yuan sealed it for now.


 This enslavement path immortal aperture was suited for Fang Yuan to annex.


 And also, Liu Yong’s soul.


 After being hit by Fang Yuan’s dragon breath, although extremely weak and at Fang Yuan’s mercy, it was still alive.


 Fang Yuan quickly thought of the reason: “This Liu Yong was an enslavement path Gu Immortal, enslavement and soul path are related, to manipulate desolate beasts, one must have a sufficiently strong soul foundation.”


 Fang Yuan quickly left the scene of the crime.


 He moved very quickly.


 Only a tattered defensive Gu formation was left, and the empty Bone Burial Field, as well as the upper body of Liu Yong.


 “The next location, Liu tribe’s jade light pit.”


 Fang Yuan licked his lips, showing excitement in his eyes.


 He had just committed murder, but now he was not going to retreat, he was going to attempt another crime!


 As the saying goes — With the murder weapon in hand, killing intent surges.


 Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal with ancient sword dragon transformation, his battle strength had risen immensely, he was starting to become somewhat unrestrained.



***
Chapter 1209 - Looting Another Place


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Whoosh!


 A figure flew in the sky, tearing across space as a shrill sound could be heard.


 It was Fang Yuan.


 Right now, he was still in the ancient sword dragon form, he was using sword escape Immortal Gu and flying rapidly.


 This speed was terrifying!


 Back then when he killed Ye Lui Qun Xing, almost none of the Gu Immortals managed to react.


 Of course, his burst of speed at that time was shocking! But now, Fang Yuan was traveling a long journey, his speed was lower now, compared to his peak burst of speed.


 Even so, he was very fast.


 “My speed is top tier even in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world. Of course, I cannot compare to Hui Feng Zi. Chu Du’s body strength travel is far below me now.”


 Hui Feng Zi was most skilled in speed, he was known as the fastest person in Northern Plains. Disregarding any hidden cultivators, Hui Feng Zi was truly worthy of this. Because there was once a rank eight Gu Immortal who chased him but failed to capture him.


 Fang Yuan was still far inferior compared to him.


 This was the case for both straight distance travel and nimbleness.


 But Chu Du’s body strength travel had indeed been faster than Fang Yuan’s sword escape Immortal Gu in terms of straight distance travel.


 Now, Fang Yuan turned into the ancient sword dragon, his original flying speed with his dao mark amplification caused Fang Yuan’s speed to surpass Chu Du.


 Not to mention that Chu Du’s immortal killer move, body strength travel, had a major flaw, it could only fly straight, it could not turn and had low nimbleness.


 “If compared to rank eight Gu Immortals, how would I fare?” Fang Yuan had a question in his mind.


 Immediately, he shook his head.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals were all unfathomable, if they wanted to pursue Fang Yuan, he would be in danger. His initial burst of speed might surpass them and pull some distance, but in a long distance chase, he would definitely become slower.


 And pursuing methods were not just about speed. Rank eight Gu Immortals had a wide variety of methods, they could do other things like Gu formations, teleportation, long range attacks and others.


 “I have just destroyed Liu tribe’s Bone Burial Field, and even killed an enslavement path Gu Immortal of Liu tribe, Liu Yong. When he was alive, he had already informed his tribe, as a super force, Liu tribe will definitely send Gu Immortals to pursue me.”


 “However, Liu tribe’s available fighters are all at the blood battle martial competition. The remaining Gu Immortals are at the resource points, or have missions to attend to, it is not easy to send people out, especially people who are able to deal with the expert Liu Guan Yi, time is needed.”


 “After they get to Bone Burial Field, they will still need some time to chase me. They would not think that instead of retreating, I actually went to the southeast direction and plan to rob the jade light pit next. In this case, these Liu tribe pursuers might waste even more time.”


 “With all this wasted time, I can definitely devour the whole of jade light pit.”


 Fang Yuan had been collecting information about the outside world while he was cultivating.


 Liu tribe was big and eye-catching, a lot of their resource points in the outside world were known to all. Sometimes, in order to display their own strength and foundation, Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals would expose intel about these places themselves. For example, the Bone Burial Field’s production of mortal Gu, and how many profits they derived.


 Fang Yuan had been very interested in Liu tribe’s jade light pit.


 Because of attitude Gu.


 To feed attitude Gu, he needed a vast number of flowing light fruits.


 The higher the rank of the Immortal Gu, the longer the interval of feeding, and the greater amount eaten each time.


 Fang Yuan had already bought a lot of flowing light fruits in treasure yellow heaven earlier, he had planted them in sovereign blessed land, using fruits to bring about more fruits.


 Right now, he needed huge amounts of dazzling light Gu between his flowing light fruits to increase the amount of light. With intense light, brand new flowing light fruits would form.


 This method was not only efficient, it was simple and easy for Fang Yuan to control.


 And inside the jade light pit, there were all sorts of light Gu. For example, jade light Gu, reflect light Gu, borrow light Gu, return light Gu, all sorts of colored light Gu, like blue light Gu, red light Gu, black light Gu, and others. Dazzling light Gu was one of them.


 Fang Yuan raced against time, right now, they were already alerted, his time was very precious.


 “There is a cloud layer in front.” Joy flashed across the ancient sword dragon’s eyes.


 At this time, he was already near the jade light pit, a huge cloud layer was able to conceal Fang Yuan’s traces.


 “I am quite lucky, to think there was a cloud layer here. If the Liu tribe Gu Immortal defending the jade light pit is careless, I might even be able to sneak attack!”


 Fang Yuan carried anticipation as he rushed into the cloud layer.


 The thickness of the cloud layer completely concealed the ancient sword dragon’s body.


 But the truth was not as nice as Fang Yuan had hoped.


 In the jade light pit, Liu tribe Gu Immortal Liu Luo felt something, she stared with wide opened eyes: “An enemy!”


 This Liu Luo was nearly two hundred years old, but she had the body of a young child, her eyes were watery and bright, her petite body was so cute and delicate, people would want to protect her.


 She was the Liu tribe Gu Immortal guarding the jade light pit, she was very alert now.


 All because of Liu Yong’s report, all of Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals were notified, they were all on guard.


 The jade light pit’s defensive Gu formation did not have any Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan’s transformation, the ancient sword dragon, easily tore the defense and got in.


 “It is Liu Guan Yi indeed, he did not escape, he is here to attack my jade light pit!” Seeing the ruthless ancient sword dragon, Liu Luo was furious and shocked.


 “I cannot escape, my speed is not as fast as the ancient sword dragon.”


 “Thankfully I planted many seeds here! I can only persevere and wait for reinforcements.”


 “Brother, save me quickly...”


 Liu Luo quickly analyzed, at the same time, she muttered as the ground of the jade light pit tore open, dozens of vines resembling dragons or pythons drilled out.


 Next, countless trees expanded like jade umbrellas, becoming larger and larger until a huge forest was formed!


 Liu Luo hid herself in the forest and vanished.


 “It seems that they are on guard.” Fang Yuan took a glance and saw Liu Luo, before she vanished from his perception.


 “Rank six wood path... but this forest was meticulously created, it is quite troublesome to deal with.” Fang Yuan was strong, but this was a tough nut to crack.


 Because this forest was an immortal battlefield killer move.


 Liu Luo was a rank six Gu Immortal, but she had an immortal battlefield killer move, this was atypical.


 But Fang Yuan felt no surprise.


 From Liu Yong’s soul, he obtained a lot of information. Liu tribe had Liu Chang and Liu Luo, these two siblings, because of their father’s protection, both of them became Gu Immortals.


 Liu Chang was a rank seven Gu Immortal, his battle strength was not lower than Ye Lui Qun Xing. But this time, to get rid of the mud monster group in Liu tribe’s great mud pit, he could not spare any time outside.


 Liu Chang had great battle strength and status, especially when Liu tribe had no rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Liu Chang doted on his little sister Liu Luo since a young age, he even gave her lifespan Gu.


 This wood path battlefield killer move was obtained by Liu Chang for Liu Luo to have a strong trump card defending her.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not deal with this forest, he charged straight for the Gu worms in the pit.


 Countless Gu worms were taken by him, kept into his immortal aperture.


 Liu Luo watched with much fear, gritting her teeth. This Liu Guan Yi was robbing her in her face, this proud female immortal felt extremely humiliated and angry.


 “This Liu Guan Yi is truly too daring!”


 “He dared to kill my Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals and even steal our cultivation resources!”


 “It is a pity I do not have enough strength, otherwise, I would make you pay the consequences.”


 Liu Luo hid inside the battlefield killer move and did not dare to show herself.


 Even after Fang Yuan left, she did not reveal her traces.


 Not long after, there was white light in the sky.


 The light was painful to the eyes, it suppressed even the sun’s radiance.


 As the white light charged down, it formed into a male Gu Immortal.


 He had a skinny body and a sharp face, he had bean-like eyes, and showed anxiety and rage on his face.


 “Brother!” Liu Luo saw this person and immediately appeared between the trees, feeling elated.


 “Sister, you are safe!! I was so worried about you!” The person who came was Liu Chang, he saw that Liu Luo was fine and calmed down, the anxiety on his face turned into joy.


 Liu Luo was also overjoyed, but she was still very cautious: “Brother, let’s match our secret code, before I let you in.”


 There was no issue, Liu Chang entered the battlefield killer move and the siblings hugged each other tightly upon meeting.


 “Sister, you must have been shocked, right? Don’t worry, brother is here.”


 “Brother, that Liu Guan Yi is so terrible, he took away all of the Gu worms inside the jade light pit, not a single one is left. I failed to defend them, the tribe is definitely going to punish me.”


 “No need to worry, no need to worry, with me here, I will protect you. Don’t be afraid, cheer up, I will back you up no matter what.” Liu Chang doted on his sister, even though she was actually nearly two hundred years old.


 He touched Liu Luo’s head as he consoled: “Brother will go kill this bad person and avenge you, sister.”


 In fact, he was sent by Liu tribe to capture Fang Yuan to begin with.


 Liu Chang’s battle strength was not inferior to Ye Lui Qun Xing’s. He cultivated light path and was specialized in speed and movement, he could retreat or advance easily.


 Between Gu Immortals, once one party had advantage in speed, they would gain initiative in the battle. Whether they fought or retreated, it would be up to them.


 While the siblings interacted, more Liu tribe Gu Immortals arrived.


 Just now, Fang Yuan killed Liu Yong and took Liu tribe’s resources, the entire tribe was furious!


 Not only did they send Liu Chang, they also sent two more Gu Immortals to assist him and ensure that they succeeded.


 “My goodness, our tribe’s jade light pit was completely robbed by Liu Guan Yi!”


 “KIll him, we have to kill him, otherwise, our Liu tribe’s anger will not be appeased!!”


 The two new Gu Immortals who arrived screamed.


 “Stop screaming, you are so loud, what if you scare my sister?” Liu Chang raised his head and yelled back.


 The two Liu tribe Gu Immortals knew about Liu Chang and quickly lowered their volume.


 Among them, one used an investigative method and quickly found traces of Fang Yuan: “He escaped there, let’s chase him!”


 “You guys go first, I will escort my sister back.” Liu Chang said.


 The other two Gu Immortals were dazed: “To and fro, how long would you take? If we do not start chasing now, we will not catch up to him.”


 “Then what if we leave and Liu Guan Yi comes back and harms my sister? If anything happens to my sister, I will take it out on you both!” Liu Chang shouted loudly.


 “Brother is the best.” Liu Luo was joyous.


 The two Liu tribe Gu Immortals looked at each other, they could see the bitterness in each other’s faces.



***
Chapter 1210 - Wanted by the Entire Righteous Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “According to what Liu Yong said, if Liu tribe wants to capture me, they will send that Liu Chang. But he is a light path Gu Immortal, even if I kill him, I cannot annex his immortal aperture for the moment. Why would I take a risk then?”


 Fang Yuan was still in his ancient sword dragon transformation as he flew towards the west.


 As he flew, he searched Liu Yong’s soul.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was going to retreat.


 If he continued, there would not be enough time, he did not need to fight with Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals, if he did that, the risks were great with minimal benefits.


 As he flew, Fang Yuan continued using sword escape Immortal Gu.


 Undoubtedly, red date immortal essence was truly durable. If it were like before, would Fang Yuan with only green grape immortal essence dare to sustain such expenditure for so long?


 But it was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations that while he retreated, he did not see a single trace of Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 He did not know that Liu Chang had delayed a lot of time in escorting his sister back, he could no longer make it. As for the other two Liu tribe Gu Immortals, they did pursue him, but they could not catch up.


 After Fang Yuan entered Tai Qiu, these two Liu tribe Gu Immortals could only watch without entering.


 Through the Gu formation, Fang Yuan returned to Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Fang Yuan is back!” Sixth Hair immediately got news of it.


 He had a complex feeling.


 Because right now, he had already known that Fang Yuan had killed Ye Lui Qun Xing. Most importantly, Fang Yuan had used ancient sword dragon transformation, he used his own strength, instead of relying on the upper extreme heavenly eagle!


 “How did his battle strength surge so quickly? And recently, he has been very busy, going in and out of this place, what is he trying to do?”


 Sixth Hair was very uneasy.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s busy schedule, he felt like he was looking at Fang Yuan’s back, seeing him sprinting ahead rapidly.


 Sixth Hair really wanted to trip Fang Yuan and halt his progression, but there was nothing he could do.


 Whenever he thought of Fang Yuan’s upper extreme heavenly eagle, he became dejected.


 Rank eight battle strength!


 Sixth Hair did not know the truth, he could only hope that Fang Yuan had few heavenly crystals and could not feed the upper extreme heavenly eagle.


 “I hope this upper extreme heavenly eagle dies of hunger!” Sixth Hair could only hope for this.


 “I have insufficient heavenly crystals indeed.” Fang Yuan returned to his cloud city, after inspecting his immortal aperture, he sighed deeply.


 Sixth Hair’s hopes were not groundless.


 Heavenly crystals were rank eight immortal materials, they were rarely sold in treasure yellow heaven.


 In this aspect, Fang Yuan did not have enough heavenly crystals to begin with, the majority were obtained by trading resources with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle had been growing all the while, his heavenly crystal storage was depleting.


 “It doesn’t matter, I will use my sect contribution points to exchange for a batch and use my immortal killer move on the upper extreme heavenly eagle to delay its growth.”


 Hei Fan’s true inheritance could accelerate the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s aging and cause it to mature rapidly, he naturally had a method to do the opposite.


 However, Fang Yuan only spent some sect contribution points to exchange for heavenly crystals, he did not use any immortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan was still not familiar with this killer move, he needed to practice it many times or the activation would fail. Not only would Fang Yuan be injured, the upper extreme heavenly eagle would be hurt as well. Secondly, this immortal killer move needed three days to activate, Fang Yuan did not have enough time.


 Fang Yuan left after returning.


 Using the super teleportation Gu formation, he went to another corner of Northern Plains.


 Undoubtedly, Lang Ya land spirit’s super Gu formation was simply too useful. Fang Yuan lost Fixed Immortal Travel, but using this super Gu formation, Fang Yuan could still enjoy the effects of Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Choosing a location without anyone nearby, Fang Yuan tossed out Liu Yong’s corpse.


 Placing his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan went inside.


 Liu Yong had a land spirit left behind, it was a black hound, the condition it had was: collect twenty desolate beast hounds for this blessed land.


 Fang Yuan easily completed it.


 A few days later, he successfully annexed this blessed land and the sovereign immortal aperture gained some new territory.


 Speaking of which, Fang Yuan had annexed many immortal apertures recently.


 The entire space in the sovereign immortal aperture had increased slightly.


 But because the sovereign immortal aperture was just too large, the increase in size was not significant.


 There was also another change, the land spirits.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture already had more than ten land spirits. There was a snake, star core, black hound, land spirits in all sorts of forms were scattered in different locations over the sovereign immortal aperture.


 They all controlled an area and Fang Yuan provided them immortal essence and Gu worms.


 A lot of the immortal essence was left behind by their main bodies before death, it was not Fang Yuan’s own green grape immortal essence or red date immortal essence.


 Other people’s immortal essence was also known as foreign immortal essence, they had limited use.


 The biggest use was to activate Immortal Gu Houses.


 In the past, Fang Yuan obtained a huge amount of Giant Sun’s immortal essence, he used almost all of it to activate Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, and used it extensively in Yi Tian Mountain. Next, he used Change Soul and the remaining amount of Giant Sun’s immortal essence went to Ying Wu Xie.


 It was necessary to mention that Immortal Gu House had fixed abilities, but their strength depended on the immortal essence that was expended, they could either be stronger or weaker.


 After absorbing Liu Yong’s enslavement path blessed land, Fang Yuan realized that his count of calamities and tribulations had only moved forward by one!


 “It seems that with rank seven cultivation level, annexing a rank six blessed land has negligible effects. The truly effective ones are rank seven immortal apertures!”


 Fang Yuan realized this and his gaze turned pensive.


 “It is slightly difficult.”


 In the five regions’ Gu Immortal world, rank six Gu Immortals were the most commonly seen. Rank sevens were rarer, their quantity was far lower than rank sixes. And rank seven blessed lands could only be annexed by those with grandmaster attainment level in that path.


 Fang Yuan only had five grandmaster attainment level paths. Among which, rank seven Gu Immortals who cultivated strength path, blood path, and wisdom path were few. Star path and transformation path were still available, but this way, Fang Yuan’s options were far fewer, he could not annex rank seven blessed lands as casually as rank six ones.


 But Fang Yuan had a solution for this problem.


 He directed his gaze far away.


 In the direction of Southern Border!


 “How can I make my way in? Just familiar face alone, even though I can conceal myself, if I interact with them, I will be full of flaws, this is a headache.”


 Fang Yuan had no idea on what to do.


 He did not leave Northern Plains urgently.


 He was waiting to see everyone’s responses.


 Liu Guan Yi had an infamous reputation now, he suddenly assaulted Liu tribe and killed Liu Yong, he looted Bone Burial Field and the jade light pit, news quickly spread in the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.


 The righteous path forces were furious, Gong Wan Ting also changed her attitude after hearing this, she questioned Chu Du and blamed the Domination Immortal.


 Over at Chu Sect, they were also surprised and shocked.


 They held great anticipation towards Fang Yuan, but he ignored the blood battle martial competition and went to loot Liu tribe alone.


 So daring!


 So unrestricted in his actions!


 Liu tribe was Chu Du’s enemy, back then, it was because of Chu Du and Liu tribe’s conflict that he gained great reputation and became known as the Domination Immortal.


 But now, even though Liu tribe suffered a loss, Chu Du was unhappy.


 “This Brother Liu is too uncontrollable!!” Chu Du’s good feelings towards Fang Yuan vanished without a trace.


 He did not want any Gu Immortal under him to do this.


 Fang Yuan did this and broke all of the rules, he destroyed the tacit understanding between both sides.


 Chu Du was quite angry.


 Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu also felt the same.


 Even Ye Lui Qun Xing’s death could not cause any sorrow or concern in these two rank eight Gu Immortals. But after hearing news of Fang Yuan attacking Liu tribe, they frowned in unison.


 “A piece of rat poop spoils an entire pot of soup!”


 “Liu Guan Yi... is not a member of the righteous path.”


 The two rank eight Gu Immortals gave their verdict on Fang Yuan immediately.


 Both sides had agreed to hold their bottom line during this conflict. It was like two kids fighting, they would agree beforehand that they could attack anywhere, except the face.


 Fang Yuan did this, he not only slapped their face, the vile consequences were something that the righteous path Gu Immortals did not want to see.


 Immediately, Chu Du declared: Liu Guan Yi’s actions were purely his own, he was not asked to conduct them. To express his innocence, as well as Chu Sect’s standpoint, Chu Du announced on the scene that Liu Guan Yi would be expelled from the sect, he would no longer be Chu Sect’s second supreme elder.


 “So resolute.” Fang Yuan noted as he held Chu Du’s letter Gu.


 In the letter, Chu Du was very polite, he expressed his helplessness, the situation was very urgent at that time, he had to expel Liu Guan Yi immediately. He expressed that on the inside, he had wanted Fang Yuan to stay, and hoped that in the future, they could still cooperate.


 Be it Fang Yuan’s immortal tribulation tempering aperture or the Crazed Demon Agreement, Chu Du had reason to continue cooperating with Fang Yuan secretly.


 But publicly, the two were enemies.


 At the same time, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang sent orders denouncing Fang Yuan’s demonic acts, they were putting up an arrest warrant for Fang Yuan, so that he would receive judgment.


 This was how the righteous path worked, they did not want demons to wreak havoc.


 The three sides immediately kicked Fang Yuan out.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s battle strength was something Chu Du needed.


 Fang Yuan’s plan of disrupting Northern Plains failed. Not just that, Liu Guan Yi was now wanted by everyone.


 “Chu Du, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Yao Huang, they are truly not easy to scheme against.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, he was unphased.


 Not to mention Liu Guan Yi was just a randomly created false identity for himself, even if it was real, so what?


 His main connections in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world were the variant humans.


 At the same time, he was planning to go to Southern Border now.


 Although Fang Yuan would still pay attention to the developments of Northern Plains, his focus was now shifting towards the giant dream realm.


 “Southern Border, oh Southern Border, I am coming back.”


 “As a rank seven Gu Immortal...”


 “Is this considered to be returning with glory?”


 Fang Yuan had a complex smile on his face.



***
Chapter 1211 - Stepping Into Southern Border


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wind was blowing around him.


 The grassland below was rapidly moving in Fang Yuan’s vision as he flew past it.


 After more than ten days of traveling, the huge green regional wall appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 He sensed that dark limit Immortal Gu’s power was rapidly weakening.


 “Someone is deducing about me again!” Fang Yuan realized.


 He quickly used dark limit Immortal Gu, resisting the deduction’s power.


 Fang Yuan had already encountered this problem many times. Recently, Fang Yuan killed Ye Lui Qun Xing and plundered two resource points of Liu tribe, not only did he empty them out, he even killed a rank six enslavement path Gu Immortal, Liu Yong.


 Thus, while Fang Yuan was leaving Northern Plains, he encountered many deductions about himself, the frequency was much higher than before.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan had wisdom path grandmaster attainment level, and also dark limit Immortal Gu to defend himself.


 But dark limit Immortal Gu had a flaw, every time it was activated, it would need to rest for a long time before it could be used again.


 Fang Yuan needed to consider this point, and avoid a situation where he had to use dark limit Immortal Gu but it was not ready for use.


 Nurture, use, refinement — the mastery of Gu was deep and profound, there were many things to take note of depending on different Gu worms.


 Liu tribe.


 Three Liu tribe Gu Immortals were in the Gu formation, consuming their immortal essence as they maintained the operations of the Gu formation.


 A moment later, the Gu formation stopped, the three Gu Immortals took their rest.


 “Failed again?” Outside the Gu formation, rank seven light path expert Liu Chang shifted his feet as he spoke in a disappointed tone.


 “We have failed Lord Liu Chang’s request, we are extremely ashamed.” The three Liu tribe Gu Immortals sighed as they lowered their heads, having ugly expressions.


 Liu Chang snorted coldly, looking at the three immortals unhappily, but his tone had calmed down: “Forget it, our Liu tribe do not have any wisdom path Gu Immortals, this Gu formation can only achieve the effects of a wisdom path deduction. I will go and find Tian Xia Xin for help now.”


 “Pardon me for saying this, Lord Liu Chang, but we failed to deduce it not because our formation is weak, but because the enemy has very strong defensive methods that prevent others from making deductions about him.” The leader of the three Gu Immortals said.


 “That is the case?” Liu Chang’s expression became darker.


 He muttered to himself: “The other party is a transformation path Gu Immortal specialized in ancient sword dragon transformation, how can he have such methods? But who knows, transformation path is said to project all paths. But the higher possibility is that this demon Liu Guan Yi has helpers. Domination Immortal Chu Du... even though he expelled Liu Guan Yi, I do not believe that he would do nothing. These demonic path or lone immortals are nothing good!”


 Saying this, Liu Chang gritted his teeth, his expression became ruthless.


 Liu Guan Yi plundered two of Liu tribe’s important resource points, and even killed a Gu Immortal from Liu tribe, how could they take this lying down?


 Liu Chang was ordered to kill Liu Guan Yi, but after so many days, he had not made any progress.


 Earlier, for his sister’s safety, he did not chase after Fang Yuan. This matter caused a bad reaction in the tribe, right now Liu Chang was enduring huge pressure, he wanted to find Fang Yuan at this very moment.


 “Liu Guan Yi, you coward, where are you?” Liu Chang felt extremely stifled.


 He had no idea that he was going to be even more stifled from now on. Because Fang Yuan had already left Northern Plains, going to other regions.


 Ye Lui tribe was similarly as troubled as Liu Chang.


 Ye Lui Qun Xing died at Fang Yuan’s hands, Ye Lui tribe was definitely going to seek revenge. And now, Fang Yuan was expelled from Chu Sect, Ye Lui tribe immediately took action to investigate and pursue Fang Yuan.


 The Gu Immortals that they sent were not weaker than Liu Chang. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan had already left Northern Plains.


 Fang Yuan successfully passed the licorice regional wall.


 This mystical regional wall that surrounded Northern Plains was filled with green fog. Grass was growing wildly in the fog and was constantly twining and twisting, like a sea of snakes or hair.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture could pass through without any obstruction.


 After passing the licorice regional wall, Fang Yuan got into the blue water regional wall of Eastern Sea.


 When he passed the blue water regional wall and reached Eastern Sea, his aura had completely changed, it was that of an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal.


 This was one of the special attributes of the sovereign immortal body.


 Everywhere Fang Yuan went, he would perfectly integrate into the environment, like he was born and bred there.


 It was unlike other Gu Immortals, their external region aura was very obvious. Undergoing tribulation was also very troublesome, they had to return to their region to do it, otherwise, taking in another region’s heaven and earth qi would cause a lot of problems.


 After entering Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan did not travel in a rush, he went to Qing Yu blessed land and rested for a while.


 This blessed land was left by Gu Immortal Liu Qing Yu.


 After Fang Yuan killed him, the duck land spirit was successfully controlled by Fang Yuan.


 Meeting Fang Yuan again, the duck land spirit was excited, it quacked and jumped up and down.


 Fang Yuan said comforting words to it as the duck land spirit shed tears of joy: “Quack quack!”


 “I knew that master did not abandon me!”


 Sadly, Fang Yuan’s attainment level was too low, he could not annex this rank seven blessed land.


 Fang Yuan rested for a while, waiting for dark limit Immortal Gu to recover. Because this blessed land was a small world, during this period, anyone who deduced things about Fang Yuan would fail, it would not expend dark limit Immortal Gu’s power.


 By the time dark limit Immortal Gu could be used again, Fang Yuan did not hesitate to use it on himself.


 After this replenishment, Fang Yuan left Qing Yu blessed land, going to the turbulent flow sea area.


 The troublesome path in the chaotic currents wasted multiple days, but he eventually got into City Well.


 There were many immortal apertures inside City Well.


 Fang Yuan used the upper extreme heavenly eagle, entering and annexing a portion of the blessed lands.


 Fang Yuan progressed by two calamities and tribulations again, the effect was not good. The remaining immortal apertures were mostly water path, but Fang Yuan’s water path attainment level was just ordinary.


 After leaving, Fang Yuan did not rush ahead once again. He went to Qing Yu blessed land and waited for dark limit Immortal Gu to recover before leaving for his destination.


 After leaving Northern Plains and going to Eastern Sea, the deductions from Northern Plains became extremely weak. Each deduction expended less of Dark Limit’s concealment power.


 Fang Yuan was much different from before now.


 Not only was he aware about heaven’s will, he knew how to guard against it, he even had dark limit Immortal Gu and many wisdom path methods to protect himself. Of course, most importantly, his cultivation level and battle strength had risen greatly as well.


 Compared to the time after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Fang Yuan went from Southern Border to Northern Plains, there was an evident contrast.


 Right now, if Fang Yuan met a group of ancient cloud beasts, he would not be chased around, the ones in danger would not be Fang Yuan but the ancient cloud beasts instead.


 Thinking about it, Fang Yuan felt deeply: After gaining the sovereign immortal body, his cultivation level was rising at a shocking speed. It was worthy of the ultimate product created by Spectral Soul, Shadow Sect, and Zombie Alliance, after spending a hundred thousand years of time and effort!


 Of course, the stronger the sovereign immortal body, the greater the enmity between Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect was.


 This irreconcilable feud made Fang Yuan ‘deeply concerned’ about Ying Wu Xie and the rest.


 Unfortunately, Ying Wu Xie and the others were crafty, Fang Yuan could not find their locations. Otherwise, he would rather give up on the annexing of blessed lands and get rid of these threats first!


 Tens of days later, Fang Yuan finally got through Eastern Sea’s blue water regional wall, and Southern Border’s miasma regional wall, officially stepping into Southern Border.


 Interestingly, be it Fang Yuan or Ying Wu Xie, they did not know that the other party was in the same region.


 “I have heard long ago that the location of Yi Tian Mountain has been sealed with a huge defensive Gu formation made by the righteous path Gu Immortals together. I should go and check out the situation first.” Fang Yuan had no idea how to enter the giant dream realm now.


 He decided to gather intelligence first.


 He flew southwest.


 The flying journey was filled with lots of detours, of course.


 Considering heaven’s will, if Fang Yuan flew straight, that would be giving heaven’s will a chance to set up trouble.


 “Hmm? Someone is deducing about me?” While flying, Fang Yuan felt dark limit Immortal Gu’s power weakening and found it laughable.


 Southern Border, Northern Plains, they were separated by two regional walls, Fang Yuan’s danger of being deduced was extremely low.


 As expected, in Northern Plains’ Myriad Bean Garden, Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin returned half of the payment to Liu Chang.


 Liu Chang had an ugly expression, and disbelief in his eyes: “What? Even you could not deduce it?”


 Wisdom path Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin smiled bitterly: “Wisdom path deductions are not all-powerful. I have tried my best, I am deeply sorry.”


 Liu Chang flew away from Myriad Bean Garden at a slow speed.


 He was very troubled.


 And very lost.


 If the current number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, Tian Xia Xin, could not deduce Liu Guan Yi’s location, who could?


 “Liu Guan Yi, you had better pray that you never bump into me ever!” Liu Chang swore, he had deep killing intent in his icy cold eyes.


 No matter how deep his killing intent was, Fang Yuan was living a good life.


 “Oh, they stopped deducing. Hehehe, when these people pay an even bigger price and obtain no results, they should stop.” Fang Yuan laughed.


 Northern Plains, Snowy Mountain.


 Ma Hong Yun looked at Lady Wan Shou who was approaching as he stared angrily: “Go ahead, you vicious woman!”


 Lady Wan Shou snickered, she pressed the lightning ball into Ma Hong Yun’s chest.


 Crack crack crack!


 Ma Hong Yun’s body trembled intensely, he was emitting smoke due to the lightning.


 Guh.


 Lady Wan Shou spit out a mouthful of blood, she had a pale expression: “Why did I fail again?”


 Her eyes were blood red, after failing so many times, her elegant demeanor was gone.


 Ma Hong Yun forced himself to stay conscious, he said weakly: “How would I know? I don’t want it to fail. Just succeed, if you succeed once, I’ll die. Death will end it, I will not undergo such torture again!”


 Saying so, Ma Hong Yun could not stay awake anymore, his eyes revolved backwards as he fainted.



***
Chapter 1212 - Burning Soul Bursting Luck!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Chirp chirp!” A yellow haired female monkey pranced around, running towards Fang Yuan with nimble steps.


 The yellow haired monkey stood in front of Fang Yuan, offering its peach to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan received it wordlessly, before tossing it below the tree.


 The female monkey was shocked, it waved its arms as it jumped around Fang Yuan, it yelled and caused the branch that Fang Yuan was standing on to shake, the leaves were rustling as some fell to the ground.


 Fang Yuan covered his face with his hands, sighing as he lowered his head.


 The female monkey approached Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan kicked, sending the monkey down the tree.


 The female monkey fell off the tree, it gritted its teeth in pain, looking at Fang Yuan on the tree, the attraction in its eyes turned into fear, it quickly escaped while limping.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance now had changed, his entire figure had turned from a human to a male monkey.


 Precisely so, he attracted the affection of that female monkey.


 This was the peak of a nameless mountain.


 Fang Yuan came here, disguised as a monkey, he had been here for half a month already.


 He concealed his identity, his focus was on observing the super Gu formation.


 That’s right, in front of him was the super dream realm.


 Unfortunately, the giant dream realm was completely concealed by the righteous path’s Gu formation, with the naked eye, one could only see the scene of a verdant green mountain.


 Even if Fang Yuan used his methods, he could only see past the surface, the inside of the Gu formation was still very blurry.


 “Unfortunately, my strongest investigative method is three breaths future vision, it cannot deal with this super Gu formation. There must be many Immortal Gu inside this super Gu formation.”


 “The one who arranged this Gu formation is Chi clan’s first supreme elder, Chi Qu You. This person is a formation path great grandmaster, the strongest Immortal Gu formation he has ever made is called three tune nine pool formation. His Chi clan descendant Gu Immortals had used this formation during the five regions chaotic war and killed many Central Continent Gu Immortals. This formation was made during Chi Qu You’s later years, he is still far from dying now. But maybe I can deduce it from this super Gu formation in front of me, it has the style of three tune nine pool formation, formations inside formations, overlapping in layers.”


 “Right now this Gu formation has only used a portion of its power, it has not even activated Immortal Gu, after all, that would consume immortal essence.”


 “Even so, with my observations these last days, just I alone cannot destroy a Gu formation of this level. Not to mention that inside, there are at least thirteen righteous path Gu Immortals!”


 There were thirteen super forces in Southern Border’s righteous path.


 The super Gu formation here was made through everyone’s efforts. To defend their own interests, each clan had sent at least one Gu Immortal to defend it. These Gu Immortals were elites of their own clans, otherwise, they would not be able to control the situation.


 “The defense is too tight, if I want to get in, and use unravel dream, forcing my way through is impossible, I need to plan wisely.” Fang Yuan shook his head internally.


 But what plan should he use, Fang Yuan did not know.


 There were no clear options.


 Because this problem involved the entire Southern Border righteous path. These righteous path forces had worked together, they were united, their distribution of benefits was also very reasonable.


 Fang Yuan was all alone, even though he had rank seven cultivation level, against such a huge force, there was nothing he could do.


 These righteous path forces could stay in power until today and dominate most of Southern Border’s cultivation resources, there was a good reason for it.


 Like before, Fang Yuan attempted to disrupt Northern Plains, in the end, the righteous path forces and Chu Du resisted him.


 Fang Yuan had been reborn, but because of heaven’s will, the advantage of his rebirth was quite small.


 Most crucially, this giant dream realm also had Gu formations that were not used in his previous life. Thus, Fang Yuan’s understanding of it was minimal.


 “What should I do?” Fang Yuan was troubled.


 Bai Ning Bing, who was inside Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, stared at the land spirit with an equally troubled feeling.


 “I broke through the thirty halls and cut down all my obstacles, I finally met you but you refuse to acknowledge me as your master?” Bai Ning Bing stared at Bai Xiang heavenly spirit, he had an icy expression.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was an old man.


 He smoked his cigar as he sat on the steps, he looked at Bai Ning Bing and breathed in deeply, before puffing out deeply: “Oh, young people these days, they are so hasty. When you came here, I said that if you get through the thirty halls, I will meet you. I did not say that I will acknowledge you as master. Getting here just means that you have the initial qualifications to accept the following test.”


 “What is the following test?” Bai Ning Bing asked coldly.


 “Bring back an immortal material.” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit looked at Bai Ning Bing, chuckling with a creepy look.


 “What immortal material, where?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


 “Do you see that hole at the top of the hall?” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit pointed up and said.


 “I saw it the moment I came here, it is too eye-catching.” Bai Ning Bing said plainly.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit sighed again: “The greatest use of this Immortal Gu House, Thirty Heavenly Halls, is to store large amounts of immortal materials. But a few thousand years ago, one immortal material at the highest layer broke through the ceiling and flew away.”


 “What?” Bai Ning Bing was surprised.


 “Don’t looked so shocked, young man, this world is huge beyond your imagination. The profundities of all life forms, you will encounter it in the future, and feel for yourself the grandness of heaven and earth...” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit sighed.


 “Stop prattling, get to the point.” Bai Ning Bing interrupted mercilessly.


 “Oh! Youngster, you have no patience, listening to an old man’s words is good for you.” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit sighed.


 Bai Ning Bing was silent, only staring at Bai Xiang heavenly spirit with his blue eyes.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit smoked another puff as he said: “Alright, I’ll tell you. I want you to subdue that flame. It is hidden deep in the sea to the west. Normally, you cannot find it because it can fuse with sea water completely, but once in a while, it will float to the surface and frolic around. That is your best chance to catch it.”


 Bai Ning Bing followed Bai Xiang heavenly spirit’s guidance, arriving at the western coastline.


 The sea was wide and vast, there were many waves on the surface, it was a magnificent sight.


 Bai Ning Bing had hidden here for more than ten days, he finally found the chance that Bai Xiang heavenly spirit had mentioned.


 Swish swish swish!


 Countless waves appeared on the surface of the sea, causing tides that were more than a hundred feet tall to form.


 The calm and silent sea had at this moment, turned into a roaring brute, the sea was fierce and magnificent, Bai Ning Bing, who was witnessing this for the first time, had deep emotions seeing it.


 Next, he flew to the sky, seeing that immortal material which Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was talking about.


 It was a small lump of flames.


 The flames were orange-yellow, round and the size of an adult’s fist.


 It burned and emitted light, it formed into the shape of a flying dragon as the orange flames continued to fly around randomly.


 Bai Ning Bing, who was usually expressionless, showed shock on his face.


 “Light of dao marks, and so lively, this is a rank nine immortal material!”


 Rank nine immortal materials were extremely rare.


 They were special materials in the world that could refine rank nine Immortal Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing did not expect that Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was asking him to retrieve a rank nine immortal material!


 This was out of his capabilities, Bai Ning Bing had to take a risk and use the Immortal Gu inside him to activate a special method, communicating with Ying Wu Xie outside.


 “Didn’t I tell you not to contact me, if Bai Xiang heavenly spirit finds out, it will be troublesome.” Ying Wu Xie said.


 “I encountered trouble, I need to retrieve a rank nine immortal material, it is a lump of orange-yellow flames...”


 Hearing Bai Ning Bing’s thorough description, Ying Wu Xie’s expression changed: “You say that the light from its dao marks resemble flying dragons? The surrounding seawater is rushing outwards, as if it is afraid of this fire?”


 “That is indeed so, around the fire, there is a huge empty space without any water in it. I can see the water level at the bottom of this, the empty space is still continuing to expand.” Bai Ning Bing added.


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression changed again, his answer this time was a little shaky: “You must have read >, recorded inside were the three unique flames of heaven, earth, and human respectively, this is the human flame — Raging Wave Rising Dragon Fire!”


 “Raging wave rising dragon fire?!” Bai Ning Bing heard this answer and became tongue-tied.


 After a short pause, Bai Ning Bing asked: “Then what should I do?”


 Ying Wu Xie sighed: “It is very hard. With your cultivation level, there is almost no hope in subduing wild flames. However, this flame is not wild, it was once subdued by Bai Xiang, there is some chance. I have three methods for you, you can try them all.”


 “How big are my chances?” Bai Ning Bing asked.


 Ying Wu Xie smiled bitterly: “I am not sure, they all have a possibility of success, but the chances are slim, it will depend on your luck.”


 Both of them conversed in a short time, in order to avoid getting caught, Ying Wu Xie was the first to cut the connection.


 Ying Wu Xie was not optimistic, his thoughts were shrouded in darkness.


 “The human flame among the three flames of heaven, earth and human... I am afraid only my main body after revival can have high hopes in succeeding.”


 “It seems that I need to help Bai Ning Bing, if he fails, it will be troublesome for my future plans.”


 Ying Wu Xie decided to do something.


 Even though he was far away from Bai Ning Bing, the latter was in Bai Xiang grotto-heaven and was under the surveillance of Bai Xiang heavenly spirit, Ying Wu Xie had many methods to help Bai Ning Bing.


 First, there was luck!


 Ying Wu Xie’s immortal killer move — Burning Soul Bursting Luck.


 He used this killer move again. The last time he used it was in the super Gu formation inside Central Continent’s Earth Abyss. Back then, Ying Wu Xie planned to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, he burned his own soul to raise his luck sharply!


 Eventually, his Gu refinement still failed.


 But this was because Heavenly Court had already refined Fixed Immortal Travel before him.


 Immortal Gu were unique, even if his luck was overwhelming, Ying Wu Xie could not refine a second Fixed Immortal Travel in this world.


 Before Bai Ning Bing set off, Ying Wu Xie had already used connect luck Immortal Gu to tie their luck together.


 Right now, Bai Ning Bing was trying to subdue the rank nine immortal material raging wave rising dragon fire, he could not avoid this, Ying Wu Xie could only use luck to help Bai Ning Bing!


 On the other hand, near the giant dream realm.


 “Oh? Something’s happening!” Fang Yuan, who had turned into a monkey, quickly hid behind the branches.


 Two Gu Immortals appeared, standing below the tree Fang Yuan was in.


 The peach that Fang Yuan had thrown out earlier was by the feet of a Gu Immortal.


 “Brother Luo, thank you for this.” A Gu Immortal said.


 “I can bring you in, but if anything happens and you get discovered, it has nothing to do with me.” The other Gu Immortal replied.



***
Chapter 1213 - Immortal Opportunity Business


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “What?” Hearing the conversation of the two Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan’s ears stood up.


 He jumped out of the tree, landing above the two Gu Immortals as he hung himself on the branch.


 It was a normal reaction for the type of monkey that Fang Yuan had transformed into to behave curiously like this.


 The two Gu Immortals did not even raise their heads.


 But Fang Yuan was well aware that these two Gu Immortals had already activated their investigative methods, they also found Fang Yuan. But Fang Yuan’s familiar face was a rank eight immortal killer move, it was beyond their methods.


 The two immortals had no suspicions, they continued talking.


 One of them said: “Brother Luo, don’t worry, I also gained interest after hearing Lady White Rabbit’s words, I want to interact with the rumored dream realm, and test the opportunity for myself. Even though I, Jiao Lei Zi, am a mere lone cultivator, I hold my promises. Since I promised you and made an information path agreement, I would not do something out of line.”


 “Precisely because of your reputation, Jiao Lei Zi, us brothers agreed to meet you. Otherwise, you would not even see our shadows. Follow me, when you enter the formation, say that you are a member of Luo clan, and are here to bring an Immortal Gu to my brother.” The Luo clan Gu Immortal walked as he explained.


 At the side, lone cultivator Jiao Lei Zi was following after him, listening attentively.


 Fang Yuan sat on the branch as he watched them leave, he even followed them, brazenly jumping from tree to tree.


 Only after the two Gu Immortals vanished did he stop moving, he looked around, screeching in confusion.


 His disguise was extremely convincing, displaying the might of a transformation path grandmaster.


 From start to finish, these two Gu Immortals had no suspicions.


 “Interesting.” Fang Yuan went back to the trees, his eyes bright as excitement rose in him.


 He had accidentally encountered two Gu Immortals’ secret deal.


 These two had coincidentally chosen this mountain peak to meet, and right in front of Fang Yuan as well.


 This luck was amazing!


 Hearing their conversation, evidently, a righteous path Gu Immortal who was part of the defensive Gu formation had gone ahead and done a secret deal with the lone cultivator Gu Immortal, Jiao Lei Zi.


 The righteous path Gu Immortal led the way for Jiao Lei Zi, letting him enter the defensive Gu formation and find his own opportunity.


 Fang Yuan scoffed at Jiao Lei Zi’s idea.


 “You really think the dream realm is this easy to interact with... Opportunity? Without specialized dream path methods, what opportunities can there be?”


 “And that righteous path Gu Immortal called himself Luo, he must be from the super force Luo clan.”


 Southern Border’s righteous path had thirteen super forces, they had their respective territories in the entire region, Luo clan was one of them.


 “Can I use this chance to get into the defensive Gu formation and interact with the dream realm?” Unavoidably, Fang Yuan had such a thought.


 He took a final glance at the formation before leaving.


 The monkey that Fang Yuan had turned into jumped from tree to tree, climbing mountain cliffs, and continuing to travel. After half a day, he finally left the original mountain.


 Continuing on and getting past some mountain peaks, Fang Yuan got rid of his transformation and returned to normal.


 He had a vigilant nature, if he used an immortal killer move close to the super Gu formation, he might draw the attention and wariness of the righteous path Gu Immortals.


 “This distance should be safe.” Fang Yuan estimated internally.


 He was not certain, because he had no understanding of this super Gu formation.


 However, even if the righteous path Gu Immortals found his traces, there were no issues.


 “I do not believe that after the righteous path super forces made this super Gu formation, the demonic path and lone immortals did not come to probe it!”


 Fang Yuan guessed correctly.


 The battle of Yi Tian Mountain was like a ball of lightning, from the calm lake that was Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, it caused a massive tide that has risen with ferocity.


 The battle of Yi Tian Mountain, it involved the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, all the major forces in Southern Border and countless Gu Immortals paid attention to it.


 Later on, the righteous demonic battle also affected the whole of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 But eventually, that huge battle at Yi Tian Mountain destroyed everything, all of the Gu Immortals that were involved died. And in place of them at Yi Tian Mountain, there was a gigantic dream realm that manifested out of nowhere.


 This made the Southern Border Gu Immortals unable to even investigate Yi Tian Mountain. The parties involved, Shadow Sect, Heavenly Court, and Fang Yuan, were keeping very quiet about it, these Southern Border Gu Immortals were all kept in the dark.


 Ever since the righteous path went ahead to encircle the giant dream realm, and created this super Gu formation, the demonic path and lone immortals were very unwilling to give in, many of them wanted to investigate this Gu formation.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals often found traces of these people, but as long as they did not charge into the Gu formation, they turned a blind eye.


 Fang Yuan chose an ordinary mountain cave and stayed for a few days.


 He waited for Jiao Lei Zi to leave the defensive Gu formation.


 Jiao Lei Zi’s movement was not concealed, he left on the same way as he went in.


 “Since Jiao Lei Zi disguised as a Luo clan Gu Immortal, when he left, he had to be open and nonchalant, otherwise, it would be suspicious.” Fang Yuan stared fixedly at Jiao Lei Zi, seeing him fly away, Fang Yuan followed after him closely.


 The two flew for a while, Jiao Lei Zi’s speed suddenly slowed down, he stopped at the peak of a nameless mountain.


 He turned around and looked at Fang Yuan: “Friend, you have been following me for so long, is anything the matter?”


 Jiao Lei Zi did not have a confrontational attitude.


 Because Fang Yuan had purposely revealed his traces to Jiao Lei Zi when following him.


 He also used attitude Gu to express his goodwill, Jiao Lei Zi could sense it.


 Jiao Lei Zi thus did not speak to Fang Yuan in a bad tone, but he was still very guarded.


 “I am truly sorry for troubling you.” Fang Yuan greeted as he expressed his intention politely.


 Jiao Lei Zi heard Fang Yuan’s following words and his expression soothed.


 The reason was, Fang Yuan called himself a wandering lone cultivator, he was curious about the dream realm. But he had heard that Jiao Lei Zi had a way to bribe the righteous path Gu Immortals and get inside the defensive Gu formation, to personally interact with the dream realm, he wanted to see if he could find any opportunities.


 Fang Yuan thus waited outside for a long time, only following Jiao Lei Zi after he came out.


 “So news have already spread, even an outsider like you has obtained information about it.” Jiao Lei Zi was not suspicious, he smiled helplessly.


 “Come with me, it is normal that you want to enter the dream realm to find your immortal opportunity. However, I am not a key middleman, I will bring you to Lady White Rabbit.” Jiao Lei Zi was very enthusiastic.


 He might not know Fang Yuan, but his Southern Border Gu Immortal aura could not be false.


 Furthermore, Southern Border was the region with the most secluded cultivators in the five regions. This was Southern Border’s trait, many Gu Immortals would not be known by people from the time of their ascension until their death.


 With less than a day’s journey, Fang Yuan met with Lady White Rabbit thanks to Jiao Lei Zi.


 This female Gu Immortal had the appearance of a woman in her twenties, her eyes were red like rubies, she had a cute round face and shiny big eyes. Her lips were lush, she spoke very quickly, words came out of her mouth like firing a Gatling gun.


 The scene of meeting with Lady White Rabbit made Fang Yuan quite surprised.


 Because this Lady White Rabbit directly placed a mortal Gu House at a mountain peak, many demonic path and lone immortals were entering and exiting this house.


 “We only do dream realm business here, you came to the right place!”


 “If you want to enter the dream realm, I have many reliable ways, it will depend on what price you can pay.”


 “The bigger the price you pay, the faster you can enter the dream realm, perhaps you might be able to find your own immortal opportunity!” Lady White Rabbit said this as she pointed her thumb at the wall behind her while facing Fang Yuan.


 There were all sorts of small boards there, people’s names were written there.


 “There are five more people in queue.” Jiao Lei Zi saw this and sighed.


 “You must know the importance of the immortal opportunity!” Lady White Rabbit stared at Fang Yuan as she spoke, listing many examples in history before she added: “The Prophecy of Three Venerables, you must know about it. Dream realm, this is the immortal opportunity that concerns Great Dream Immortal Venerable! Think about it, if you can become Great Dream Immortal Venerable in the future, what would happen? Even if you only get one small opportunity, your situation will change. If you do not try this, how would you know if you are able to succeed?”


 “That’s right. Even if you know you cannot succeed, you can ensure that you have no regrets in the future.” Jiao Lei Zi added at the side: “A precious dream realm that even the righteous path Gu Immortals are coveting, it is so rare that we can have this chance!”


 “That’s right, now is just the start. Thus, the righteous path is not very strict yet.” Lady White Rabbit continued, purposely telling Fang Yuan: “After a while, it will be different. This business will not last long, the opportunity will depend on whether you can grab hold of it!”


 “What price do I have to pay?” Fang Yuan pretended to hesitate.


 Lady White Rabbit said a sum.


 Fang Yuan showed a look of hesitation: “I will consider it first.”


 “Of course, consider it well!” Lady White Rabbit smiled, her attitude was still very polite.


 At this time, a female Gu Immortal came to the counter, Lady White Rabbit’s smile became more sincere, she disregarded Fang Yuan as she went over: “Sister Miao Yin, you are here to try to find an opportunity again?”


 That female Gu Immortal nodded, saying: “I feel that if I change to another location and enter the dream realm, I will have different gains.”


 There were many Gu Immortals inside the mortal Gu House, Lady White Rabbit was not the only intermediary, from time to time, new boards were hung on the wall.


 Fang Yuan walked out of the mortal Gu House, saying goodbye to Jiao Lei Zi.


 “You can consider this again, but in my opinion, you should decide it as soon as possible. It cannot be dragged out. You can see the situation for yourself, the longer you think, the longer the queue of Gu Immortals become, there is no time to waste.” Jiao Lei Zi said before leaving.


 Fang Yuan expressed his gratitude as he left.


 “Well, has he not made up his mind yet?” Lady White Rabbit finished attending to her Sister Miao Yin as she asked Jiao Lei Zi.


 “He said he needs to think about it, sigh, I thought that I could earn a sum of recommendation fees to replenish my losses.” Jiao Lei Zi smiled bitterly.


 “Jiao Lei Zi, you are so affluent, why are you acting poor to me?” Lady White Rabbit laughed: “However, this person that you brought is likely a wandering secluded cultivator, he is poor and does not have resources, otherwise, why would he leave? Those with some funds would at least stay and interact for a while before leaving.”


 Jiao Lei Zi laughed bitterly: “How am I affluent? I thank Lady White Rabbit for the praise. To speak the truth, this price is really expensive, even I feel great loss.”


 Lady White Rabbit smiled, showing her pearly white teeth: “This business relies on both parties’ wishes, it is pricey because it is worth the cost, this is an opportunity involving Great Dream Immortal Venerable after all, right?”


 Jiao Lei Zi nodded, making up his mind, saying: “I will pay a sum of resources, I want to try again.”



***
Chapter 1214 - Situation of Southern Border


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Looking at the clouds in the sky, Fang Yuan’s expression was dark.


 He thought about the scene earlier.


 Out of his expectations, that immortal opportunity business, as it was known, of the dream realm was extremely popular. The involvement was far bigger than he had predicted earlier.


 Looking at the situation inside the mortal Gu House and Lady White Rabbit’s tone, evidently, whether they were demonic path or lone cultivators, as long as they could pay the price, anyone could enter the righteous path’s defensive Gu formation and interact with the dream realm.


 “This is slightly above my expectations, but thinking about it, I understand why.”


 Dream path.


 At this time period, it was very empty.


 Even though many super forces were researching on it, their gains were little.


 Fang Yuan had the killer move unravel dream, he was a leading figure in the current five regions. Of course, Ying Wu Xie’s lead soul into dream was also very unique, it was an ability that surpassed the current era.


 Lead soul into dream had displayed incredible might during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had suffered due to it.


 And Fang Yuan’s killer move, unravel dream, also gave him great gains, and immense profits.


 “The righteous path Gu Immortals might have encircled this dream realm, but they have no way of excavating the treasures inside. In fact, a while later, they lost many members, among which were rank seven Gu Immortal experts holding great authority! Luo clan even lost their third supreme elder...”


 Such information could not be hidden, it was widely spread in the Southern Border Gu Immortal world, Fang Yuan could easily obtain this information.


 “The righteous path suffered a lot, they know the power of the dream realm, it is not possible to explore it randomly, so they used this method to scam the demonic path and lone cultivators’ resources. And if any accidents happen, they would not need to waste any of their members to deal a huge blow to these non-righteous members, it is truly killing two birds with one stone.”


 “To be able to make this immortal opportunity business so popular and at such a huge scale but still have the ability to remain intact, evidently, the righteous path have come to a consensus, Lady White Rabbit’s mortal Gu House is backed by Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals. One clan is not enough, there are at least six or seven clans working together to result in this fearless stance.”


 Fang Yuan was an old schemer, because of the experiences in the five hundred years of his previous life, he could clearly deduce all of the details regarding this immortal opportunity business.


 This way, even though he could use this method to enter the righteous path defensive Gu formation, and interact with the dream realm, he could not satisfy his own needs.


 What were Fang Yuan’s needs?


 Firstly, he needed time and opportunity to interact with the giant dream realm for an extended period of time.


 Secondly, he needed an identity to protect himself, even if anything happened to the dream realm, he could continue staying there.


 Just one or two trips into the dream realm, what could Fang Yuan get?


 Just the cost involved was extremely high.


 But the Prophecy of Three Venerables had deeply affected everyone, countless Gu Immortals were still going ahead with it.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals had already tasted suffering, by the time these demonic path and lone immortals realized the futility, their enthusiasm would fade.


 Furthermore, even if Fang Yuan did this and unraveled the dream realm, gaining an increase in his attainment level.


 It would trigger a change in the dream realm.


 At least, the dream realm would shrink by an amount.


 If other righteous path Gu Immortals realized this situation, what would they do?


 By then, Fang Yuan would be inside the Gu formation, like fish on the chopping block. Even with the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Fang Yuan had no heavenly crystals to feed it.


 “If I cannot do this, what should I try? Kill a righteous path Gu Immortal and use familiar face to disguise myself before going inside?”


 Fang Yuan thought about this, he shook his head, discarding this unrealistic idea.


 Firstly, Gu Immortals from righteous path forces would use methods like life tablet Gu, soul lantern Gu or blood rope Gu.


 These methods allowed their clans to easily inspect if the Gu Immortal was dead or alive. Furthermore, they could use these life tablet Gu, soul lantern Gu, or blood rope Gu to deduce the exact location of these Gu Immortals with great ease.


 Once Fang Yuan kills these Gu Immortals, the clan would react immediately. Unless Fang Yuan had information path methods that could deceive these Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan had always been weak in terms of information path.


 Furthermore, familiar face might be a rank eight killer move, but it was not flawless. For example, back in Eastern Sea, Ying Wu Xie could use luck inspection Immortal Gu to find out Fang Yuan’s identity.


 Finally, once a long time passes, even if Fang Yuan used familiar face, lots of minute details or habits of the Gu Immortal would slowly become flaws that allow others to realize a problem.


 Thus, killing someone and replacing them was not feasible.


 Fang Yuan thought from all angles, he could not think of any good ideas.


 Even if Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength and attacked the Gu formation forcefully, he might not be able to succeed. Even if he broke the Gu formation, there were still many rank eight Gu Immortals in Southern Border.


 By that time, when rank eight enemies encircle him, Fang Yuan would be able to explore any dream realms.


 He could not find a solution, Fang Yuan was quite helpless.


 He thought about it and returned to the mortal Gu House.


 Lady White Rabbit’s eyes shone, she greeted Fang Yuan: “Have you considered it, you want to find your own immortal opportunity?”


 Fang Yuan smiled bitterly: “Fairy White Rabbit, I am but a secluded wanderer, I have not interacted much with the outside world, this price will cost me almost all my assets, I need to consider it. I am here this time to get some information from you, and understand matters in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.”


 Fang Yuan said this as he handed Fairy White Rabbit a rank six immortal material.


 Fairy White Rabbit was slightly surprised, even though this immortal material was very common, Fang Yuan’s request was not hard. These days, she had been managing this business, she interacted with all sorts of Gu Immortals, she had a good understanding of the Gu Immortal world’s current situation.


 “Let’s talk using this.” Fairy White Rabbit gave Fang Yuan an information path mortal Gu.


 ...


 Super dream realm, righteous path Gu formation.


 “We meet again, Fairy Miao Yin, do you remember me?” A Qiao clan Gu Immortal led a female Gu Immortal as they entered the Gu formation.


 Even though he was a righteous path Gu Immortal, he had a fawning tone.


 Because this Fairy Miao Yin, although from the demonic path, was extremely beautiful, she inherited a predecessor’s blessed land and was extremely affluent, she was publicly known as one of the three great fairies in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 The two entered the Gu formation, this was seen by the two righteous path Gu Immortals at the center of the Gu formation.


 “These people are becoming more daring! They used to come once every seven days, but now, they come every one or two days, bringing all sorts of people in here.”


 “The two Gu Immortals from Luo clan are still fine, they bring in people with good reputations and clean records. But Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals have no restraints, they are very greedy. This Miao Yin is a demonic path member, in the past, she had destroyed two important resource points of my Ba clan, and even injured four Ba clan Gu Immortals who chased her!”


 Gu Immortal Ba Quan Feng said angrily.


 Beside him was another Ba clan Gu Immortal.


 This person was very tall, nearly three meters, he had an old fashioned appearance, his beard and hair were connected, his dark green beard hung down to his waist, while his jade green hair extended to the back of his waist.


 He had a large mouth and broad nose, his eyes were covered by a black cloth, covering them completely. He had a strong body with broad shoulders and chest, his skin that was not covered looked like thousand year old tree bark, there was even green moss growing on it.


 He was thousands of years old, his cultivation level was stuck at the final step before reaching rank eight.


 He had rank seven peak battle strength, publicly recognized in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world as the number one person under rank eight — Old Treeman Ba De!


 Ba De spoke slowly: “Little Feng, don’t be anxious. Even though Qiao clan is weak, at the bottom of the righteous path forces, they are backed by Wu clan. Qiao clan and Wu clan have been linked by alliance marriages for tens of thousands of years.”


 Ba Quan Feng heard about Wu clan and the anger on his face faded, but he still continued : “Qiao clan is a righteous path force, but for the last few thousand years, they have been at Wu clan’s beck and call, they are just a dog raised by Wu clan!”


 “This Wu clan is too overbearing! With two rank eight Gu Immortals in the clan, they act fearlessly. This time, they actually cooperated with six other clans, using this dream realm to make their immortal opportunity business. What do they think of the remaining six clans not involved, us included? This super Gu formation was made by all of us, we created it with all of our Immortal Gu!”


 “Hehehe.” Ba De laughed: “Little Feng, you are thinking that everyone should have a part of the profits?”


 Ba Quan Feng’s thoughts were exposed, his face turned red: “Hehe, I could not hide it from you, lord.”


 Ba De shook his head: “Wu clan’s actions will attract even more clans to join in. After all, we have already realized that now is not the time to explore the dream realm. This method can give us greater profits, it is good for us.”


 “But our Ba clan cannot join in.”


 “Ah, why is that?” Ba Quan Feng asked quickly.


 “There are advantages and disadvantages in this. Even though they gain many cultivation resources, we gain a hold on them in return. With enough evidence, in the future when we argue over it, my Ba clan will have the advantage. When we split the dream realm, we will get a bigger portion. Little Feng, look forward, the dream realm cannot be explored now, but what about the future? The dream realm is the true treasure.” Ba De sighed.


 “But, Wu clan is so domineering, they have two rank eight Gu Immortals while we only have one, by then, if they keep a strong stance, we cannot stop them.” Ba Quan Feng said angrily.


 “We cannot stop Wu clan, but what about the other clans? Furthermore, Wu clan’s first supreme elder is close to dying, Wu clan will soon be in unrest for a long time. With just one rank eight Gu Immortal left, can Wu clan still be the number one righteous path force?” Ba De smiled with deep meaning.


 Ba Quan Feng stared with wide eyes: “So the rumors that Wu clan first supreme elder’s lifespan is depleted are not false? Impossible, they are a huge force, how can they not have lifespan Gu stocked up?”


 “Wu clan’s first supreme elder had used other lifespan extension methods when she was young, there were problems left behind. Right now, lifespan Gu has no use to her.” Ba De sighed:” With her death, the entire situation in Southern Border will change, by then, we’ll see if Wu clan can control the situation, our clans will have a chance to strike. After all, all these years, Wu clan has occupied too many resources.”



***
Chapter 1215 - Wu Clan’s Conflict


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wu Du Xiu slowly opened her eyes.


 “A brand new day.” She thought to herself.


 A rank eight Immortal Gu was flying around in this average sized house.


 Food path Immortal Gu — Medicine Fragrance!


 This was a healing Immortal Gu, it filled the entire house with a thick fragrance of medicine. But Wu Du Xiu’s own rotting smell was intense, the medicine fragrance could not conceal it.


 The two smells mixed together, even Gu Immortals could not stand it.


 Another passing day meant one less day left.


 Wu Du Xiu knew that she was very close to dying.


 At this moment, she was lying in her bed, looking at the scene outside her room, her heart was filled with tranquility.


 Long ago, when she was still a rank six Gu Immortal, she fell in love with a demonic path Gu cultivator, and was punished by the clan.


 She was locked in this house for fifteen years.


 To think that this was her fortuitous encounter.


 It turned out, inside this house, there was an inheritance of a Wu clan ancestor. Wu Du Xiu obtained it and cultivated in secret, her strength rose rapidly and drastically.


 She even used the great expert’s blessed land to meet with her lover in secret. Wu clan’s Gu Immortals did not expect that Wu Du Xiu was openly breaking the clan rules under their watch.


 Those were Wu Du Xiu’s happiest years, she was immersed in unparalleled bliss.


 Back then, she was just a young, beautiful and silly girl, she did not know the vicious nature of people, she could not tell that her lover had ulterior motives.


 Time passed.


 Thousands of years later, Wu Du Xiu returned to this house.


 She was close to dying, her lifespan was running out, she had days left.


 This old woman was filled with experience and fatigue, her murky gaze seemed to have crossed thousands of years, back to the past when she spent her happiest times laughing in this house, all of her memories were surfacing in her mind.


 These memories were forever painted in a rosy light.


 The windows of the house were opened, a gentle breeze carrying the fragrance of flowers and grass entered her room.


 A young lady with a beautiful appearance, youthful with eyes clear as water, greatly moving. She was singing in the house, cleaning up the place and doing a lot of mortal chores, yet she was extremely happy and lively.


 At that time, happiness was so easily obtained. But as she grew older, this simple bliss left her.


 As for that lover, Wu Du Xiu’s first love, she had already forgotten him.


 His image was blurry.


 The pain that he had caused Wu Du Xiu caused her to grieve terribly, the hatred that tortured her tired soul had faded with the wind.


 Creak.


 With a soft sound, the door of the house was opened by someone.


 Wu Du Xiu turned her head with difficulty, through the curtains, she saw a familiar figure.


 She was not surprised, she had allowed this.


 She was Wu clan’s first supreme elder, a person who was in power for thousands of years, without her permission, who could enter this house?


 “You are here.” Wu Du Xiu spoke faintly with much difficulty.


 But the person who came was very well-mannered, he knelt on the ground and bowed deeply: “I am here to meet you, mother.”


 This person was a middle aged man with an ordinary appearance, he had a strong body and sharp eyebrows, giving him a dark and hazy aura.


 Wu Du Xiu spoke: “I called you here to tell you something. You have a younger half-brother, he was born in Eastern Sea. I will pass everything in Wu clan to you. And my own inheritance will be left to him, do you understand?”


 The middle aged man lowered his head until it touched the ground: “This child understands.”


 “You may leave.” Wu Du Xiu paused for a moment before saying.


 “I will take my leave!” The middle aged Gu Immortal said carefully, he slowly got up and moved back a few steps before turning around and leaving the house, softly shutting the doors.


 He did not dare to even breath loudly, he had an expression of reverence that never changed, only after he left and passed several large mountains, reaching his own Immortal Gu House, did his expression change.


 “Mother is muddleheaded!”


 “Before dying, she actually wants to bring back that illegitimate son!”


 “That bastard, can’t he stay in Eastern Sea for good? Why must he return and fight with me over the inheritance?”


 The middle aged Gu Immortal flew into a rage.


 “Master, don’t be angry, mind your health.” A rank seven Gu Immortal with a hunched back quickly urged.


 The middle aged Gu Immortal kicked him away, roaring: “Mother’s abilities come from her wind path Immortal Gu. She wants to hand these Immortal Gu to that bastard, without these Immortal Gu, with just my rank eight cultivation level, what can I do? We would still be bullied by Ba clan, Tie clan, and Shang clan!”


 “Saying that she will leave everything in Wu clan to me, hmph! Why do I want these resources for? I want her rank eight Immortal Gu, I want battle strength! With strength, what can I not get?”


 The middle aged Gu Immortal got angrier as he spoke, he paced around in the Immortal Gu House.


 “Master, we could also just finish him off!” The rank seven hunched back Gu Immortal walked forward and chopped downwards with his hand.


 The middle aged Gu Immortal stopped walking.


 He frowned deeply, turning to ask the rank seven Gu Immortal: “You mean to say...”


 “That’s right, first supreme elder only has two sons, other than you, there is only the Eastern Sea illegitimate son. If we kill him, then all of first supreme elder’s inheritance will be yours, right?” The rank seven hunched back Gu Immortal smiled sinisterly.


 The middle aged Gu Immortal blinked rapidly as sweat appeared on his forehead.


 “No.”


 “If mother finds out, I will be finished!” Thinking about his mother’s methods, even though the middle aged Gu Immortal had rank eight cultivation level, he could not help but tremble.


 “Forget it, he is only rank seven, what can he do even if he returns?” The middle aged Gu Immortal sighed deeply.


 But the hunchback Gu Immortal did not give up, he continued to speak: “Oh master, you cannot think like that. He already has rank seven cultivation level, what will happen when he gets first supreme elder’s Immortal Gu?”


 The middle aged Gu Immortal snorted, regaining some of his defiance: “Even if he has rank eight Immortal Gu, his dao mark accumulation cannot compare to mine. He is not my match. It is a pity regarding those two rank eight Immortal Gu, however. Sigh...”


 The hunchback Gu Immortal smiled sinisterly: “Master, you are just hesitant because you are afraid of failure and causing first supreme elder to punish you. Actually, we do not need to act ourselves. Other than us, there is Ba clan, Tie clan, Chi clan, and others, they are all after our clan’s status, they want to displace us. As long as we release information about his traveling route, we can lure them to attack. By then, we will benefit from it greatly.”


 The middle aged Gu Immortal heard and his eyes shone, he praised: “Good plan, good plan, Xu Tuo, you are indeed my greatest aide. When I become first supreme elder, I will not mistreat you.”


 “Master, it is my job to solve problems for you, it is my honor.” The hunchback Gu Immortal’s eyes were turning red as he choked, holding back a sob.


 The middle aged Gu Immortal patted Xu Tuo’s shoulder, he did not speak, he only showed happiness on his face.


 Inside the Immortal Gu House, both master and servant had a lightened atmosphere.


 “Master, there is no time, should I go prepare now?”


 “Yes, go ahead, I am assured if you are handling it.”


 After leaving the Immortal Gu House, Xu Tuo’s eyes flashed with a sharp and dark light.


 “Hmph! After spending so much effort, I finally managed to convince this Wu Yong, this way, even if I expose information about this illegitimate son, and get hunted down by others, I will be safe under Wu Yong’s protection! My true identity will not be exposed.”


 Xu Tuo’s true identity was not just simply Wu Yong’s servant, the truth was, he was a Ba clan Gu Immortal. He was a spy planted into Wu clan, he had the highest authority among the spies.


 The situation in Southern Border was very different from Northern Plains and Central Continent.


 Among the righteous path forces in Southern Border, Wu clan was the domineering one. In history, at their peak, they had three rank eight Gu Immortals! And across history, Wu clan always had at least one rank eight Gu Immortal to hold the fort in their clan.


 Wu clan had always been strong. Wu Du Xiu’s life was ending, while Wu Yong was not talented enough, even though he was rank eight, compared to the other righteous path rank eights, he was not impressive.


 Wu Du Xiu’s illegitimate son, Wu Yi Hai, had incredible talent according to some information. Even though he was a lone cultivator in Eastern Sea, he had formidable battle strength, he was quite famous even in Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 Killing Wu Yi Hai could not only weaken Wu clan, it can also attack Wu Yong’s reputation, and send Wu clan into chaos and suspicion internally.


 Xu Tuo went with much hope.


 Some days later.


 Three Gu Immortals were passing through the miasma regional wall.


 “Young master, we are almost through the miasma regional wall. This is the final hurdle, once we are out of the regional wall, they will have fewer chances to attack us.” An elderly Gu Immortal said solemnly.


 Wu Yi Hai suddenly said: “Uncle Zhang, you mean that the following part of the journey is the most dangerous!”


 “That’s right.” The elderly Gu Immortal nodded seriously.


 Another young looking Gu Immortal said: “But as long as we get through this, we will be completely free. As long as you can meet your mother, all of the hardship and suffering on this trip would be repaid by hundreds or thousands of times!”


 Hearing about his mother, Wu Yi Hai had complex emotions.


 He sighed: “Oh! What rewards, I am not thinking about them. I just want to see my birth mother, she was the one who abandoned me, but she also got Uncle Zhang to lead me on the road of cultivation. I want to meet her personally, and for the first and final time, before leaving. I am an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, I became immortal in Eastern Sea.”


 Uncle Zhang smiled: “Young master, don’t worry, first supreme elder had long since thought of this, she prepared everything for you. Even though you became immortal in Eastern Sea, we have an immortal killer move to cleanse your heaven and earth qi, to turn you from an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal to a Southern Border Gu Immortal. From now on, you can undergo tribulations in Southern Border, taking in heaven and earth qi without any problems.”


 “Oh? There is such a way...” Wu Yi Hai heard this and became overjoyed.


 Even though he had some fame in Eastern Sea, he was just a lone cultivator, he knew the pain and weakness of cultivating alone. If he had a super force to rely on, Wu Yi Hai would be glad about it.


 He was just thinking about this, when suddenly, dragon breath resembling sword light assaulted his face!



***
Chapter 1216 - Regional Wall Ambush


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 This dragon breath was extremely sharp, before it even hit, Wu Yi Hai already felt like there were needles poking into his face.


 He was extremely shocked, he had no time to dodge.


 Clang!


 With a sharp metallic sound, a small, round and golden shield appeared in front of Wu Yi Hai at the moment of life and death.


 The dragon breath made of sword light landed on the golden shield, in the blink of an eye, this shield broke as the remaining power shot towards Wu Yi Hai’s face.


 But with this golden shield, Wu Yi Hai gained a precious amount of time to save his own life.


 He was a renowned rank seven Gu Immortal in Eastern Sea indeed, he called out as he activated his transformation path killer move.


 Light shone, Wu Yi Hai vanished on the spot, a huge tortoise appeared in his place.


 The huge tortoise’s four limbs, head, and tail were kept inside a shell.


 The dragon breath landed on the huge tortoise’s shell, causing a deep mark to form.


 “What amazing dragon breath! The horned divine tortoise that I transformed into is an ancient desolate beast, it has a tough shell, it is top ten even among Eastern Sea’s ancient desolate beasts.” Wu Yi Hai was very shocked: “It seems that the enemy is stronger than all the earlier ambushes! Now, it will depend on Uncle Zhang and Brother Leng.”


 Wu Yi Hai was a transformation path Gu Immortal, but the horned divine tortoise he turned into was huge and had good speed when traveling underwater. On land, it was far slower.


 Its battle strength also fell by a lot, Wu Yi Hai was merely using the horned divine tortoise’s strong defense.


 High defense and low offense, even though Wu Yi Hai protected his life, he lost all initiative in this battle.


 He had other methods to turn into other lifeforms as well, but do not forget about the major weakness of transformation path Gu Immortals.


 That was: They could not transform casually. When changing to different forms, time needed to be spent. Gu Immortals had to remove the temporary dao marks on them first before transforming again.


 Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, that was a special case. Qi Zai had once mistaken that he had obtained Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, which allowed him to casually change forms.


 Thus, after Wu Yi Hai became a horned divine tortoise, even though he saved his life, for the short term, he could not counter attack.


 But Wu Yi Hai did not panic.


 He knew that there were two rank seven Gu Immortal experts with him.


 One was Uncle Zhang, the other was Brother Leng, Wu Yi Hai did not know their full names, but he knew that these two were sent by his mother, bodyguards to escort him to Southern Border!


 On the previous parts of this journey, these two Gu Immortals displayed incredible strength, they were reliable and had helped Wu Yi Hai to get through many hurdles.


 Wu Yi Hai placed his hopes in Uncle Zhang and Brother Leng, but Uncle Zhang was spitting out blood.


 He had to.


 Because his golden shield was broken by that sword light dragon breath.


 This was Uncle Zhang’s defensive killer move, after it was broken, Uncle Zhang suffered a backlash, he immediately spat out blood.


 Similar to Wu Yi Hai, Uncle Zhang was very shocked.


 “Inside this miasma regional wall, all immortal killer moves are weakened by the miasma. This dragon breath penetrated the miasma and broke my defenses, it even left a mark on the horned divine tortoise shell, how strong is that dragon breath!”


 Uncle Zhang was spitting blood, Brother Leng was flying forward.


 The two worked with coordination.


 This young Gu Immortal knew that Uncle Zhang needed to rest after his defensive killer move was broken.


 He charged fiercely and imposingly.


 In the blink of an eye, he turned from a human into a lightning flash giant wolf.


 The lightning flash giant wolf was an ancient desolate beast, it was covered in blue fur, the tips of the fur was all covered in mysterious blue crystals, they gave off weak sparks.


 Once the lightning flash giant wolf appeared, it brightened up the dark purple miasma in the area.


 It followed the path formed by the dragon breath, and charging forward.


 Its four limbs moved, its muscles pushed with strength, giving this Gu Immortal incredible speed.


 At the same time, countless strands of lightning resembling snakes appeared on this lightning flash giant wolf’s body.


 The lightning snakes gathered into a stream that shot forward from the lightning flash giant wolf’s head.


 This was the Gu Immortal’s immortal killer move.


 Seeing this, Uncle Zhang relaxed his mind.


 In a few breaths of time, he suppressed his injuries as his body shone in a bright light.


 In the blink of an eye, he turned into a golden sword teeth tiger, his size was twice as large as the lightning flash giant wolf.


 As it turned out, he was also a transformation path Gu Immortal.


 This was Wu Du Xiu’s purposeful arrangement.


 Because the regional walls of the five regions were very special. Between different cultivation paths, there was no difference in terms of passing through them, but if they fought inside, transformation path Gu Immortals had an advantage.


 Inside the regional wall, when Gu Immortals use their immortal killer moves, their immortal apertures would shake and they would get injured before even harming the enemy.


 But if they turned into a fierce beast, fighting with just their physical body, this weakness would be avoided, and they would have a sustainable source of battle strength.


 Uncle Zhang took a look behind, he knew of the horned divine tortoise’s defense, he instructed Wu Yi Hai before following after the lightning flash giant wolf, charging forward.


 Soon, Uncle Zhang saw the lightning flash giant wolf running back!


 Behind the lightning flash giant wolf, there were streams of dragon breath made of sword light shooting towards him, inside the thick dark purple miasma, dragon roars could be heard.


 “What is going on?” Uncle Zhang was shocked, he knew that the Brother Leng was very courageous in battle, he would not retreat without a reason. There has to be a reason why he was running!


 “Don’t fight, retreat.” Brother Leng saw the golden tiger and spoke human words.


 Uncle Zhang was even more shocked now, why did Brother Leng want to avoid battle.


 He was about to ask, when he finally saw the culprit that attacked them.


 A sword dragon penetrated the dark purple miasma, appearing before them.


 Many layers of silvery white dragon scales, pale white dragon eyes, a dragon horn that pierced towards the sky, and four sharp and dangerous dragon claws, dragon teeth that were shining with sharp light, as well as the aura of many Immortal Gu in its body!


 “Is this a wild ancient sword dragon?!” Uncle Zhang opened his eyes wide, unable to believe it.


 But the truth was right in front of him, he had to accept it.


 At this moment, he understood why the Gu Immortal who usually felt no fear in any situation would retreat so suddenly.


 Because he encountered a wild ancient sword dragon, this sword dragon did not come from the five regions, it lived in either white heaven or black heaven.


 Why was Uncle Zhang so sure?


 Because this ancient sword dragon could move freely in the regional wall, its movements were so fluid, as if it did not feel any resistance or pressure.


 For Gu Immortals, they were differentiated by regions, when they enter regional walls, they would be greatly affected.


 Only life forms that lived in the ancient white heaven or black heaven would be able to move freely in the five regional walls.


 Uncle Zhang did not hesitate, he turned around and fled.


 Being unaffected by the regional wall, this advantage was huge. Gu Immortals in the regional walls could display only about fifty to sixty percent of their strength.


 Even in the outside world, against an ancient sword dragon with multiple wild Immortal Gu, Uncle Zhang did not have confidence. Not to mention right now, when they were inside a special environment like the regional wall?


 “Why are we so unlucky? So coincidentally, we encountered a wild ancient sword dragon, roaming in the regional wall?”


 “I am guessing that this ancient sword dragon is likely to have been lured here by certain Gu Immortals, to obstruct us!”


 While escaping, Uncle Zhang and Brother Leng conversed.


 Soon, they met with the horned divine tortoise that Wu Yi Hai had turned into.


 Wu Yi Hai was informed of the situation as well, he quickly transmitted: “Try not to fight with this ancient sword dragon, it might have been lured here, with the purpose of draining our immortal essence and battle strength as we fight it!”


 “Then what do we do?”


 “Retreat, leave the ancient sword dragon alone and try not to aggravate it, but we also have to display great strength. Wild beasts have little intelligence, but if it knows that the prey is powerful, it will give up.”


 The three Gu Immortals quickly decided on a plan.


 Less offense and more defense, they allowed the ancient sword dragon to trail behind them, using its sword light dragon breath.


 The three Gu Immortals retreated, they were on the back foot against the dragon breath, unable to raise their heads.


 “What do we do, this ancient sword dragon seems to be locked onto us!”


 “Maybe I aggravated it earlier when I used a lightning path killer move.”


 “I have an immortal killer move that can reduce the anger of this fierce beast, but I need to change my killer move.”


 The three immortals quickly discussed, they soon decided that Brother Leng and Uncle Zhang would defend while Wu Yi Hai would change his transformation to appease the ancient sword dragon.


 Wu Yi Hai carefully changed back to human form.


 He hid behind the two immortals, using his methods to get rid of the dao marks on him, before using another transformation.


 As a wild beast, the ancient sword dragon would have little intelligence, it constantly attacked the huge wolf and golden tiger instead.


 Uncle Zhang and Brother Leng thus endured the attacks of the ancient sword dragon, defending with much difficulty. They were both injured, but to chase this ancient sword dragon away, they did not use their offensive techniques, to prevent the situation from worsening and falling into their enemies’ trap.


 “It is almost ready, my immortal killer move is... uh!” Wu Yi Hai’s joyous tone turned into a shocked gasp.


 Because he saw that the golden tiger that Uncle Zhang had turned into had its head pierced by an immortal killer move, dying on the spot.


 Sword path killer move — Dark Assassination!


 It was so sudden, without any warning.


 Next, that ancient sword dragon burst out with unparalleled speed in an instant, flying forward like a silver bolt of lightning, leaving behind vague silhouettes in the immortals’ eyes as it vanished on the spot.


 Brother Leng was shocked!


 “We fell for their trap! Oh no!!”


 He turned around, only to see that Wu Yi Hai’s head was shattered into pieces, his white brain matter was flowing out. His headless corpse was grabbed by the ancient sword dragon, stuffed into its immortal aperture.



***
Chapter 1217 - Cultivation Level Rises Again


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Seeing this, the poor Brother Leng’s eyes were almost popping out.


 “How can this be? This ancient sword dragon has an immortal aperture, it is not wild, it is a Gu Immortal’s transformation!”


 “This should not be! If it is a transformation path Gu Immortal, why is it not affected by the regional wall?!”


 Brother Leng screamed crazily in his mind!


 This went against the common sense of the cultivation world!! How could this happen?


 The ancient sword dragon roared as it charged at him.


 Blood flowed out of the eyes of the lightning flash giant wolf, Wu Yi Hai was dead, everything that he did earlier was for nothing.


 Brother Leng tried to defend himself, in order to save his own life.


 The ancient sword dragon craftily dodged all of his immortal killer moves, spitting out streams of dragon breath at the lightning flash giant wolf as it flew around it.


 The lightning flash giant wolf could barely move in the regional wall, like an old man. But the ancient sword dragon was unaffected, it moved smoothly and could retreat and advance with ease, it held the initiative.


 The lightning flash giant wolf could only take a beating, even if it used immortal killer moves to retaliate, the ancient sword dragon easily dodged them.


 A moment later, the ancient sword dragon found a flaw and sent dragon breath at the lightning flash giant wolf’s stomach.


 The lightning flash giant wolf’s defenses crumbled, its stomach was penetrated, its intestines and blood flowed out of the huge wound that was created.


 The ancient sword dragon attacked using this chance, even though the lightning flash giant wolf dodged left and right, it could not resist the attacks of the ancient sword dragon, it fell on the ground with many holes in its body, it turned back to human form and died in a pool of blood at the hands of the ancient sword dragon.


 The ancient sword dragon quickly cleaned up the battlefield, moving with great familiarity, as if it had gone through this countless times.


 Soon, Uncle Zhang and Brother Leng’s corpses were stuffed into the immortal aperture, before it destroyed the battlefield entirely and flew away.


 The ancient sword dragon did not turn around and return to Southern Border, instead, it flew towards the east, going through the miasma regional wall and blue water regional wall to reach Eastern Sea.


 It searched for a nameless sea area before placing Wu Yi Hai in it.


 After the blessed land was formed, the entrance was opened, and the ancient sword dragon flew in using the opportunity.


 Wu Yi Hai’s blessed land was an ocean. The types of lifeforms inside mainly were sea turtles and tortoises, corals, and seagulls.


 Inside, there were desolate beasts, and even ancient desolate beasts.


 Like three ancient desolate beast horned divine tortoises, a field of ancient desolate plant silent corals, and six desolate beast white letter blue feather seagulls.


 Not long after, the land spirit appeared before the ancient sword dragon.


 This was a land spirit in the shape of a sea turtle, it gave a rather difficult acknowledgement requirement.


 The ancient sword dragon could only leave this blessed land temporarily.


 After returning to the outside world and confirming its safety, the ancient sword dragon turned back to human.


 Who else could it be but Fang Yuan?


 As it turned out, he had learned a lot of intelligence about Southern Border from Lady White Rabbit, he knew about Wu Yi Hai’s matter.


 This was Wu clan’s internal conflict, but it involved Wu Du Xiu, naturally it escalated into a huge matter.


 Wu Yi Hai’s route was widely spread, Fang Yuan sensed acutely that this was a major chance!


 Evidently, Wu Yi Hai was very suitable for Fang Yuan to disguise as and replace.


 Firstly, he was Wu Du Xiu’s illegitimate son, he did not have any life tablet Gu or soul lantern Gu, otherwise, he would not be an illegitimate son but the second young master instead.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan killed him, there was little chance that Wu clan found out.


 Secondly, Wu Yi Hai had always been staying in Eastern Sea, cultivating as a lone cultivator, he had basically zero interaction with Wu clan’s Gu Immortals. Most of Wu clan’s Gu Immortals did not even know what his appearance was, especially the details regarding his habits and the way he spoke, nobody knew about those.


 Thus, once Fang Yuan used familiar face to disguise as Wu Yi Hai, for a long period of time, there was little chance of him getting exposed.


 Wu Yi Hai’s blessed land was not obtained, but Fang Yuan did not panic.


 He found a deserted island and rested in it.


 On one hand, he was waiting for blood asset Immortal Gu to recover, on the other hand, he was trying to modify an immortal killer move — Blood Light Spirit Suppression.


 Ever since blood asset Immortal Gu was injured, Fang Yuan had been healing it, paying great attention to it, it had almost recovered fully already.


 Thus, in a few days, Fang Yuan got back his blood asset Immortal Gu in perfect condition.


 But Fang Yuan continued to cultivate, deducing blood light spirit suppression.


 Finally, he got what he wanted, a simplified version of blood light spirit suppression using blood asset Immortal Gu as the core!


 Matters became simpler now.


 Fang Yuan used the upper extreme heavenly eagle to enter Wu Yi Hai’s blessed land, after getting close to the land spirit, he suppressed it with blood light spirit suppression.


 Next, because the land spirit had no resistance anymore, Fang Yuan spent a lot of effort to successfully annex this blessed land, making it a part of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 This allowed his calamities and tribulations to move ahead by a large number.


 After all, Wu Yi Hai was a rank seven Gu Immortal, he was different from those at rank six.


 As for Wu Yi Hai’s sea turtle land spirit, under Fang Yuan’s careful preservation, it did not vanish, it entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture along with the blessed land.


 But it did not listen to Fang Yuan, it cried all the time.


 Fang Yuan wanted to get rid of it, but after realizing that it did not have the intention to harm the blessed land, he gave up that idea.


 “Maybe when I fulfill the ownership requirement, I would be able to truly subdue this land spirit.”


 After this matter was settled, Fang Yuan immediately traveled across the regional walls, going back to Southern Border.


 Once he entered Southern Border, he flew straight towards the central region of Southern Border, placing the immortal apertures of Brother Leng and Uncle Zhang and annexing them after they formed blessed lands.


 “Hmm, this way, I have already passed one grand tribulation.” Fang Yuan inspected, he found that after annexing three rank seven Gu Immortals’ blessed lands, his cultivation level rose sharply, he was a rank seven Gu Immortal who had passed one grand tribulation already.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals faced an earthly calamity every ten years, a heavenly tribulation every fifty years, and a grand tribulation every one hundred years. After three hundred years, after passing three grand tribulations, they would become rank eight.


 “But the might of the grand tribulation gets stronger each time, by tens or hundreds of times. Southern Border’s top rank seven Gu Immortal, Old Treeman Ba De, is stuck at the final grand tribulation, he does not dare to undergo tribulation.”


 His gains this time were out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Not only did he annex three rank seven blessed lands, it even caused his cultivation level to rise sharply, such cultivation speed was scary even for him.


 Fang Yuan could not help but gasp at his good luck!


 “Dog shit luck Immortal Gu, worthy of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s vital Gu. I wonder what will happen when I elevate it to rank eight, how would it compare to fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu?”


 Fang Yuan subconsciously looked above his head, even though he had no luck inspection Immortal Gu.


 He did not know that the entire matter went so smoothly largely because of Ying Wu Xie, he had used the immortal killer move burning soul bursting luck.


 Especially when he fought against the three Gu Immortals including Wu Yi Hai, they actually misunderstood Fang Yuan as a wild ancient sword dragon.


 One one hand, ancient sword dragons truly could be unrestricted by regional walls, they could not help but think of it like that.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan had used attitude Gu and disguised himself, the three Gu Immortals were just rank seven, they fell for it without realizing.


 Thus, when fighting, Fang Yuan had an easy time, the three Gu Immortals defended more than they attacked, they chose to take a beating.


 Later on, Wu Yi Hai thought the ancient sword dragon had low intelligence and actually spoke, saying that he was going to attempt to change into another form.


 Hearing this, the two immortals naturally relaxed their minds.


 Fang Yuan saw this massive opportunity and activated the killer move that he had prepared long ago, dark assassination, killing Uncle Zhang. Next, he attacked at lightning speed, eliminating Wu Yi Hai, in the blink of an eye, only Brother Leng was left. At that point, Fang Yuan’s victory was assured.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan gained immensely.


 The only drawback was, these three transformation path Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures had shaken intensely, a lot of resources were lost.


 There was no helping it, they were attacked many times in the regional walls, it was impressive to have lasted until then.


 Next, Fang Yuan did not go to Wu clan immediately.


 He soul searched Wu Yi Hai as he tried to understand his entire life.


 During this period, Fang Yuan was not cultivating in seclusion, he went to Lady White Rabbit for more intelligence.


 Wu Yi Hai’s disappearance was known to the whole of Southern Border.


 It was unknown if he was alive or dead, Wu clan chose to remain silent. The forces had their guesses, although they were inclined to believe — Wu Yi Hai was dead, but it was unknown who did it.


 There were many forces who acted in the dark, most of them were righteous path forces, this matter was known to everyone.


 These forces were not going to foolishly admit they were the ones who killed Wu Yi Hai, of course.


 Regarding this problem, there was a rumor that was entering everyone’s ears.


 That was — the true culprit who murdered Wu Yi Hai was none other than Wu clan rank eight Gu Immortal Wu Yong!


 There were many versions of this rumor, but the central claim was, Wu Yong wanted to take Wu Du Xiu’s inheritance for himself, thus, he went ahead to murder his half-brother.


 Undeniably, this was a severe blow to Wu Yong.


 Demonic path Gu Immortals did not care, while it varied from person to person for lone immortals, but righteous path Gu Immortals placed a lot of emphasis on and treasured their reputations.


 Wu Yong also chose to remain silent, he did not clarify anything.


 “Interesting.” Fang Yuan could feel many hidden undercurrents in this matter, countless forces and Gu Immortals were secretly exerting force, creating this contest that was carefully hidden from view.


 Wu Du Xiu was about to die, Wu Yong, who had always lived in his mother’s shadow, had rank eight cultivation level, but his abilities were widely questioned.


 “If I appear at this time, what would happen?” Fang Yuan had just thought of this when he felt a cold chill running down his spine.



***
Chapter 1218 - Du Xiu, Yong


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan looked over the situation, he knew that now was not the time for ‘Wu Yi Hai’ to show up.


 Firstly, he had not completely searched Wu Yi Hai’s soul yet, his preparations were not complete.


 Secondly, Wu Du Xiu was not dead yet.


 If Wu Du Xiu did not die, Fang Yuan could not safely appear as Wu Yi Hai.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal!


 Who knew what methods Wu Du Xiu had to ascertain if ‘Wu Yi Hai’ was her own son?


 Even though ‘Wu Yi Hai’ would lose a lot in this case, Fang Yuan only really wanted the identity of ‘Wu Yi Hai’.


 That was his original motive. If his disguise failed because of some greed, he would lose this rare opportunity, that was the biggest loss to him, he would slap himself endlessly.


 Finally, there was danger lurking in all righteous path forces, the same went for even Wu clan.


 There was no smoke without fire.


 Wu Yong indeed had the motive and was likely to deal with Wu Yi Hai.


 If Fang Yuan appeared too early, he might get killed by Wu clan secretly.


 “Speaking of which, Wu Yi Hai’s identity is quite troublesome. But thankfully, I have future memories, I know what happened in the five hundred years of my previous life, this can help me analyze the situation.”


 Just like this, Fang Yuan continued to cultivate.


 He continued to soul search Wu Yi Hai while collecting information about the outside world.


 Wu Du Xiu’s condition was getting worse every day, the entirety of Southern Border was in a commotion.


 Over in Northern Plains, the blood battle martial competition was still ongoing. Without Liu Guan Yi, Chu Du’s side was completely suppressed. But soon, the situation changed, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu personally invited three rank seven lone immortals and they won consecutively, helping Chu Du’s side reach a deadlock with the righteous path alliance.


 Liu tribe Gu Immortal Liu Chang had been announcing that he wanted Liu Guan Yi to fight him, otherwise, he was a coward, a chicken and more.


 Not only was Liu Chang seeking to trouble Fang Yuan, the same went for other forces like Ye Lui tribe. But Liu Guan Yi had vanished without a trace, as if this person had never existed in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 These pursuing forces were bound to fail, but over in Central Continent, many Gu Immortals had worse fates.


 Defy!


 This underground organization created by Shadow Sect’s Gu Immortals had been eradicated completely by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals as well as the ten great ancient sects.


 Other than that, many of the people on the Demon Judgment Board had been captured, blood path demonic immortals were killed, while some other demonic path or lone immortals had less severe crimes, they were taken away by the ten great ancient sects and turned into slave Gu Immortals.


 On a certain day, half a month later, Wu Du Xiu summoned Wu Yong and several other Wu clan supreme elders to her house.


 At her dying moments, Wu Du Xiu spoke with unprecedented clarity, she said: “I have three regrets in life.”


 “The first regret is that I failed to exterminate the Seven Fierce Gorge Ghosts, I only destroyed their den.”


 “The second regret is that I did not managed to find enough dry clear qi to refine eight-faced prestige wind Gu.”


 “The third regret...”


 Saying this, Wu Du Xiu paused.


 “Is that I did not get to see my son Yi Hai. Back then... I hated his father, I killed him, but I should not have placed that hatred and anger on a pure and innocent child, he is blameless. I want to make it up to him, but it is too late.”


 In the house, nobody made a sound, it was silent.


 Wu Du Xiu sighed, sitting up on her own.


 She got into a half sitting position with much difficulty, leaning on the head of her bed, she waved to Wu Yong weakly.


 Wu Yong understood her intention, he quickly pulled the curtains apart and stepped forward, getting to Wu Du Xiu and kneeling down reverently.


 Wu Du Xiu looked at her eldest son and smiled after a long time: “Yong Er, you are good, I am not disappointed.”


 Wu Yong’s body shuddered, he raised his head, his eyes were red, tears were sprinkling down.


 At this moment, he was expressing his true emotions, this old woman in front of him was his mother after all!


 “I am handing Wu clan to you, I can rest assured.” Wu Du Xiu continued to say.


 “Mother.” Wu Yong opened his mouth, his voice was hoarse, tears were streaming down his face.


 Wu Du Xiu continued: “My child Yi Hai was unable to come here, that is fate. Forget it, I will hand these Immortal Gu to you. You cultivate wind path as well, I hope you can cherish them and put them to good use.”


 “Mother, I don’t want your Immortal Gu, I just want you to live!” Wu Yong sobbed.


 “Silly child, who can avoid dying? Even Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables with immense strength die in the end. Eternal life is but a fantasy of fools.”


 Saying this, Wu Du Xiu’s Immortal Gu flew out of her immortal aperture, going towards Wu Yong.


 The Wu clan supreme elders on the other side of the curtain watched this quietly.


 The transfer was smooth.


 Aura of Immortal Gu faded into Wu Yong’s body one by one.


 Wu Du Xiu looked outside the window.


 The sunlight was bright, through the small window, it entered the room.


 In a daze, Wu Du Xiu could almost see a figure in the sunlight.


 That figure was neither her father or mother, it was also not the man who she had once loved in her life, it was herself.


 That young version of herself, the lady whose smile was as bright as the sun.


 Wu Du Xiu.


 Wu Du Xiu.


 “Hehe.” Wu Du Xiu muttered her own name twice, before laughing lightly.


 Her body began to shine with white light, countless white specks were flying out of her shriveled old body.


 The specks of light were the dissipation of her soul and body.


 A moment later, there was nobody left on the bed, the reputable and powerful rank eight Gu Immortal, Wu Du Xiu, a legendary person who had exerted her influence on Southern Border for thousands of years, had at this moment, vanished from this world.


 She did not leave behind her body or her soul.


 “First supreme elder—!”


 Outside the curtain, Wu clan’s supreme elders cried out with sorrow.


 Cries filled this small house without any owner.


 Incredible anguish was vented through crying.


 Wu Yong cried quietly, he knelt on the ground, lowering his head and not moving, like a statue.


 Long after, he slowly raised his head, he no longer cried, his expression was as firm as steel.


 He stood up.


 Next, he looked at the Wu clan supreme elders through the curtain, they were sprawling on the ground, crying painfully without any of their usual demeanor.


 “Everyone, hold in your sadness. Mother is gone, but we have to continue enveloping Southern Border with Wu clan’s glory!” Wu Yong’s plain tone carried extraordinary authority.


 The supreme elders gradually stopped crying.


 Wu Yong pulled the curtain aside, walking out.


 The supreme elders had already stood up, they realized something.


 The atmosphere had become heavy, these Gu Immortal elders paid their respects towards Wu Yong, they said together: “We pay respects to first supreme elder!”


 The legend of a generation, Wu Du Xiu had died, as her son, Wu Yong with rank eight cultivation level became the next first supreme elder of Wu clan.


 After news got out from Wu clan, it spread through the entire Southern Border Gu Immortal world at lightning speed!


 Southern Border was in a commotion.


 Wu Du Xiu had finally died, many Gu Immortals and forces let out sighs of relief.


 Wu clan originally had two rank eight Gu Immortals, but now only one was left, could it still remain as the number one righteous path force?


 Wu clan seemed to have too many resource points under its control.


 Wu Du Xiu was gone, only Wu Yong, who had insufficient talent and abilities, was left, could he truly lead Wu clan on a path of glory?


 Not only were the Gu Immortals outside of Wu clan thinking about this, even within Wu clan, many members were doubtful towards the abilities of this new first supreme elder.


 And also the rumors of Wu Yong killing his half-brother Wu Yi Hai, at this moment, they were spread around fiercely, like the surface of boiling water, bubbles were emerging fiercely.


 Qing Yang Mountain.


 Qiao clan’s headquarters were here.


 Two Gu Immortals of Qiao clan were standing at the peak, looking in Wu clan’s direction.


 The two immortals could see many layers of clouds, mountains winds were blowing and causing their sleeves to flutter.


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder sighed: “Wu Du Xiu is dead, Wu Yong has just taken over her position, but he is already plagued by the rumors of killing his brother, hehe, this is a good opportunity for our Qiao clan. Everyone thinks that we are Wu clan’s lackey, but the truth is, we were just trying to survive. With Wu clan’s commotion, we can finally have a chance to take action. Compared to other clans, we have better reasons to do this because of our long term marriage alliances with Wu clan!”


 “Wu Yong seems ordinary, but I feel like he is not so simple. Even if he is not talented, he is still a rank eight Gu Immortal.” The other Gu Immortal spoke.


 She looked like a woman in her twenties, she wore a green dress that could not conceal her alluring body shape. Her skin was white as snow, her eyes were concealed by her long eyelashes, they seemed clear as water.


 She was Qiao clan’s pride, a genius that was the hope for the future, as well as one of the three great fairies of Southern Border — Qiao Si Liu.


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder laughed:” Oh Liu Er, this is the reason why I asked you to talk to me. We are going to continue our marriage alliance with Wu clan.”


 Qiao Si Liu’s body shook: “I understand, I am willing to contribute to the clan.”


 “Very good, the clan did not raise you in vain.” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder was very glad.


 “But if I marry Wu Yong, I might not be able to control him. He is a rank eight Gu Immortal, he even has authority over the entirety of Wu clan...” Qiao Si Liu hesitated.


 “Not with him.” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder smiled.


 “Then who else?” Qiao Si Liu was visibly confused.


 “Wu Yi Hai.”


 “Wu Yi Hai?”


 “That’s right, he approached us a few days ago.”


 Seven days later.


 Wu clan held a grand funeral on Divine Wind Mountain.


 All the righteous path forces, as well as many lone immortal experts, even certain special demonic path Gu Immortals were invited for the funeral.


 In front of everyone’s eyes, Wu Yong suddenly erupted: “Men, take down this traitor of the clan!”


 “What?!” Xu Tuo was shocked, he wanted to resist but it was too late.


 “Master, what are you doing?! I am your most loyal and dedicated servant!” Xu Tuo screamed loudly.


 “Hehe.” Wu Yong chuckled, he pointed at Xu Tuo as he shouted: “You are a loyal and dedicated servant indeed, Xu Tuo! To think I trusted you so deeply, yet you harmed me, leaking the travel route of my brother, and causing countless fiends to attack him. My poor brother, I have not even met him, but he was already killed by you bunch of evil fiends!”


 Saying this, Wu Yong sighed at the sky, tears flowing down his face.


 Xu Tuo looked on, dumbfounded.


 The shock inside him could not be expressed with words.


 He wanted to deny it, but Wu Yong tossed out a bunch of evidence!


 The evidence could not be overturned.


 Xu Tuo had no way of rebutting, he realized now that Wu Yong had found out his identity long ago, he endured all this while, until today!


 Wu Yong made use of him to exterminate his brother Wu Yi Hai, and also fully obtaining the inheritance. He became Wu clan’s first supreme elder, and shattered all of the rumors regarding him on this very day.


 Xu Tuo was the sacrificial pawn that he discarded.


 “Today, I will win everything!” Wu Yong laughed in his mind, but he pointed at Xu Tuo, ordering: “Drag him away!”


 The righteous path representatives were uneasy, even those demonic path and lone immortals showed shock on their faces.


 Wu Yong looked around, feeling extremely satisfied.


 But just as he was about to speak, Qiao clan’s first supreme elder stood up: “I have good news for Lord Wu Yong. Your brother Wu Yi Hai did not die, not only did he survive, he has arrived here with the help of my Qiao clan.”


 “What?”



***
Chapter 1219 - Fang Yuan versus Wu Yong


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan took large strides, walking out of the group of Qiao clan Gu Immortals.


 At once, everyone’s focus was gathered on him.


 Fang Yuan instantly became the center of attention.


 Seeing his face, multiple supreme elders of Wu clan gasped: “They are really alike.”


 Fang Yuan’s appearance, no, Wu Yi Hai’s appearance, was very similar to his birth mother Wu Du Xiu. This was an undeniable point, it was Fang Yuan’s advantage.


 Wu Yong was different, he resembled his father, he had complementing eyes and brows, he looked very ordinary, he had a natural unremarkable aura.


 But Wu Yi Hai was different.


 He was handsome and muscular, he stood out from the crowd like a spear stabbing at the sky. Even though he lived in Eastern Sea, his traits were very similar to Wu clan Gu Immortals, especially his nose, it was wide and tall, at a glance, people could tell that this person was very extraordinary, he had a firm personality and could not be looked down upon.


 Of course, the reason why Fang Yuan could give off such an impression was highly attributed to his appearance.


 The real Wu Yi Hai did not have the traits of a Wu clansman.


 Rank eight immortal killer move — Familiar Face!


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s signature method, it was displaying its worth right now, all of these Gu Immortals were deceived, none of them could tell that Fang Yuan was an impostor.


 The truth was, even Wu clan’s Gu Immortals were seeing Wu Yi Hai for the first time.


 Undoubtedly, Fang Yuan’s prior preparation and hard work was rewarded now. When Wu clan’s Gu Immortals looked at him, they held some good feelings towards him.


 Because Wu Yi Hai looked like Wu Du Xiu.


 Wu Du Xiu was not beautiful, she had features that suited a man, if she were a male, she would be a grand hero that could rival heaven.


 Wu Yi Hai bore seventy percent resemblance to her.


 Wu Du Xiu died, Wu clan was in a commotion, the clan’s Gu Immortals were all in remembrance of Wu Du Xiu’s achievements and glory.


 After all, humans were like this, they did not feel much attachment towards people when they were still alive, but the moment they were gone, they would want to cherish and appreciate them.


 Fang Yuan appeared at this juncture, it made good use of the immortals’ mental state.


 Of course, this was part of Fang Yuan’s calculations.


 “Alike, they really look alike.” Even other clans’ Gu Immortals were sighing.


 Fang Yuan sensed sharply that the gazes on him were changing slowly.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, he did not have the achievement of high cultivation level, but he had gone through five hundred years of life, he had nurtured an unfathomably deep ability to observe situations, and an acute perception towards the changes of emotions in the Gu Immortals near him.


 He sensed that the gazes of Wu clan’s Gu Immortals were welcoming, while Wu Yong’s gaze carried animosity in it.


 Wu Yong was indeed shocked.


 Fang Yuan had disguised as ‘Wu Yi Hai’ and appeared, this greatly affected his plans and arrangements.


 What made Wu Yong alarmed was that Fang Yuan and Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals were together, he felt a sense of wariness.


 The truth was, Wu Yong hated this younger brother of his in the deepest part of his heart.


 Even though both sides were meeting for the first time.


 Wu Yong did not like Fang Yuan at first sight.


 Because Wu Yi Hai looked too much like his mother Wu Du Xiu.


 So many years.


 Wu Yong had followed by Wu Du Xiu’s side, growing under her protection.


 Wu Du Xiu was a giant tree, the leaves of the tree protected the entirety of Wu clan, including Wu Yong himself.


 Wu Yong felt like he was constantly lowering his head, the shade of the tree was a type of shadow that loomed over his life.


 He was Wu Du Xiu’s son, but do not forget, he was a man.


 Men naturally sought strength, having an intense desire towards authority.


 But all along, Wu Yong was under Wu Du Xiu’s shadow, her strength, her abilities, as well as her identity, Wu Yong could not resist her, he had to lower his head.


 Wu Du Xiu passed away, Wu Yong was naturally very upset and grieved, but at the same time, unavoidably, he felt freedom, he felt... joy.


 This joy was something that Wu Yong did not dare to admit he felt.


 But now, when Wu Yong saw this Wu Yi Hai who resembled Wu Du Xiu, he unavoidably felt some feelings of dislike.


 Fang Yuan sensed Wu Yong’s ill intent and animosity, even though he disguised himself well.


 Fang Yuan knew on the inside: “The first step of showing myself succeeded, but the second step of interacting with Wu clan and getting them to acknowledge me is the crucial one.”


 “Being accepted by Wu clan means getting Wu Yong, this rank eight Gu Immortal, the first supreme elder of Wu clan’s acknowledgement!”


 Thus, when Fang Yuan stepped into the limelight, he bowed deeply towards Wu Yong: “Wu Yi Hai pays respects to elder brother.”


 Wu Yong had an agitated but hesitant expression: “Are you really my brother Yi Hai? Alike, you really look like mother, except that your eyes are blue, we don’t usually have that eye color in Southern Border.”


 That sentence had deep meaning.


 Wu Yong did not directly acknowledge Fang Yuan’s identity, instead, he pointed out the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal identity of ‘Wu Yi Hai’ seemingly unintentionally.


 Fang Yuan answered solemnly: “Reporting to brother, I had black eyes before, but some accidents occurred when I cultivated transformation path. Right now, I returned due to mother’s arrangement. Unfortunately, I met with many attacks along the way, Uncle Zhang and Brother Leng, who traveled with me, died on the battlefield while protecting me as I escaped.”


 “Both Zhang and Leng were simply attendants of my mother, but they made great contributions to Wu clan. Pass my orders, we will give them a grand burial, according to the rules of how we treat external supreme elders. Their descendants will also be taken care of, and be treated as equals in our Wu clan.” Wu Yong instructed.


 The supreme elders quickly responded.


 Fang Yuan heard this and snickered internally.


 This Wu Yong refused to give up any chance to show off his wise image, but hearing his words, he did not accept Fang Yuan’s identity. He avoided the important topic, taking about Zhang and Leng and ignoring the important point — his brother Wu Yi Hai.


 Wu Yong ignored this part, but Fang Yuan was not helpless.


 This could not stop him.


 Fang Yuan bowed as he said: “I hope brother can allow me to pay respects to our mother!”


 Wu Yong’s brows tightened.


 Fang Yuan’s words were very logical, as a son, his mother had passed away, how could he not pay respects to her?


 This was an extremely reasonable request, especially in a clan system where bloodline was crucial in maintaining relationships, even Wu Yong could not stop him.


 If he said no, outsiders would react badly to it, his new image that had been painstakingly created would be completely ruined.


 But if he did not refuse Fang Yuan’s request, then that would mean that Wu clan was acknowledging Fang Yuan’s identity, that he was a member of Wu clan!


 As a matter of fact, Wu Yong did not want that.


 Wu Yong disliked Wu Yi Hai’s appearance.


 Wu Yi Hai’s identity was a headache to Wu Yong.


 Wu Yi Hai came here with Qiao clan, it was a huge warning to Wu Yong!


 “This Wu Yi Hai should go back to where he came from. Isn’t he an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal? Then let him develop in Eastern Sea, even if I have to spend some resources to get him to leave.”


 This was the best result for Wu Yong.


 In fact, Fang Yuan’s performance and the Qiao clan Gu Immortals’ testament made Wu Yong not suspicious towards Fang Yuan’s true identity.


 “Wait, what if I get rid of this Wu Yi Hai?”


 “I could not do it earlier because mother was around. But now, I am first supreme elder, this is my territory, in time, I will gain control of the clan, I can make arrangements in secret and execute him, wouldn’t that end my troubles?”


 “Even if he is in Eastern Sea, it is a problem. If he is not in Eastern Sea and stays in Southern Border, the problem is even bigger.”


 “I might as well agree to his current request. Eventually, I can go through some arrangements and demonstrate him to be a fake, I will be able to openly get rid of him!”


 Thinking of this, Wu Yong felt intense killing intent surging in him.


 He was about to speak, and directly agree to Fang Yuan’s request, when suddenly, a supreme elder of Wu clan said: “Pardon me, but is everyone forgetting to confirm second young master Wu Yi Hai’s identity. I am not suspecting him, or suspecting anyone from Qiao clan, but for him to come back to the clan, that is a necessary procedure!”


 Wu Yong heard this and his brows tightened again.


 He looked at the Wu clan Gu Immortal who spoke deeply, it was Wu clan’s third supreme elder, Wu Qiao 1 .


 The gazes of Fang Yuan and Qiao clan’s first supreme elder met secretly, he thought: “It was right to contact Qiao clan, but I did not think that Qiao clan had infiltrated Wu clan so deeply, reaching up to the third supreme elder, Wu Qiao.”


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder looked at Fang Yuan, thinking about the scene in which they schemed and collaborated...


 “As long as I appear during the funeral, Wu Yong would be in a passive position. Even as a rank eight Gu Immortal who can easily kill me with his strength, he cannot do anything to me there. Hehehe.”


 Fang Yuan laughed as he continued: “He will not attack or kill me. Because he is Wu clan’s first supreme elder, he is not a lone cultivator or a demonic cultivator. By then, if I request to pay respects to our mother, what can Wu Yong do to stop me?”


 “Hahaha, brilliant, truly brilliant!” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder gave a thumbs up: “Privately acknowledging your heritage is too dangerous. If we do this, it is brilliant, even if Wu Yong disagrees, what can he do?”


 Fang Yuan said seriously: “Thus, we must undergo the acknowledgement during the funeral. If we miss this chance, it will be difficult. Not only would the risks be higher, Wu Yong would not even give us any opportunity.”


 “Don’t worry, by then, I will speak up and suggest this.” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder smiled.


 “No, no, no.” Fang Yuan shook his head: “It is unsuitable for you to suggest it, you are an outsider, how can you interfere in Wu clan’s business?”


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder fell into silence.


 Fang Yuan’s words directly addressed his biggest concern. This was a huge problem he was facing. If this was not solved, he could not cooperate with ‘Wu Yi Hai’.


 Fang Yuan’s arms were behind his back, he raised his head and looked outside the window: “Therefore, I need a supreme elder from Wu clan, he can openly suggest this, and steer the situation towards the heritage acknowledgement.”


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder was a bit troubled: “This...”



***
Chapter 1220 - Presence in Southern Border


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan continued to say: “This supreme elder should have some status, and he needs to have a firm attitude! Because during this period, Wu Yong is likely to side with me, acting as if I am already confirmed to be his brother to deny this suggestion. Thus, the person we choose needs to be able to stand the pressure of a rank eight Gu Immortal!”


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder shrugged: “This is too difficult. After all, Wu Yong is not only a rank eight Gu Immortal, he is also Wu clan’s first supreme elder, he inherited Wu Du Xiu’s Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan did not even turn around, he still looked outside.


 His words turned cold and firm: “Don’t tell me Qiao clan does not have such a person. If you don’t, why do you have ambitions towards Wu clan? Just give up and sleep, you might have more success in your dreams. I, Wu Yi Hai, will not cooperate with such a clan!”


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder was slightly stunned, he assessed Fang Yuan again.


 From his angle, he could only see Fang Yuan’s side view.


 Outside the window, the rays of the setting sun shone on Fang Yuan’s face, like a layer of blood.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was firm like steel, his blue eyes were brimming with life.


 “This man... hehe, interesting. As expected of Wu Du Xiu’s son.” Qiao clan’s first supreme elder sighed to himself internally, before agreeing: “We will go with your idea.”


 ...


 Even though Wu Du Xiu was dead, at her funeral, there was a peculiar and interesting scene.


 Wu Du Xiu’s illegitimate son from Eastern Sea, Wu Yi Hai, had appeared, wanting to pay respects to his mother.


 All of the Gu Immortals from different forces watched quietly without interfering.


 After all, these were Wu clan’s internal affairs.


 Among them, many Gu Immortals could see some things beyond the surface.


 But when Wu clan’s third supreme elder, Wu Qiao, spoke, multiple gazes landed on him.


 Wu Qiao seemed unfazed, showing an attitude of being impartial and upright. He was Wu clan’s third supreme elder!


 Qiao clan could infiltrate Wu clan to this extent, Fang Yuan was shocked.


 Of course, he was one of the parties involved, he knew more and had clearer judgment. People not in the know, without knowing the reasons behind this, would not be able to tell what Wu Qiao’s stance was.


 Was he siding with Wu clan or Qiao clan?


 Even though Wu Yong noticed this possibility, he could not ascertain the facts.


 Wu Yong spoke: “Alright, we will hold the acknowledgement of my brother’s heritage here at my mother’s funeral. I am sure that my mother would be very glad to see this happen.”


 He did not rebuke them, he directly agreed to it.


 Fang Yuan looked at Wu Yong deeply, this person was not simple!


 Qiao clan’s first supreme elder was also slightly surprised by Wu Yong’s reaction, his evaluation of Wu Yong rose by a level.


 Evidently, Wu Yong had noticed that he could not stop Fang Yuan from the acknowledgement of his heritage. If he continued to reject it, he would lose his reputation and image, he might as well agree and allow this matter.


 “All of the immortals here can bear witness to it, bring the Immortal Gu!” Third supreme elder Wu Qiao stood up, he needed to be the host of this event, to prevent Wu Yong and the rest from tampering with it.


 Soon, Wu clan brought the Immortal Gu.


 Wu Qiao stood before Fang Yuan, holding an Immortal Gu in his hand, saying: “This is a rank seven blood path Immortal Gu, Bloodline, my Wu clan obtained it from killing a blood path demonic immortal, it is our trophy of victory, it can be used to certify second young master’s identity.”


 As he said this, the Gu Immortals present internally rolled their eyes.


 Blood path was not tolerated, it was too dangerous.


 But the truth was, every righteous path force was secretly researching it. Because blood path could increase one’s battle strength the quickest.


 Evidently, this bloodline Immortal Gu was the product of Wu clan’s research, but they called it their loot from battle.


 “Second young master, please provide a drop of blood!” Wu Qiao said.


 Fang Yuan was tense.


 It was a rank seven blood path Immortal Gu!


 This was out of his expectations.


 A drop of blood was different from examining his body, it was hard to tamper with.


 Under everyone’s supervision, Fang Yuan followed what he said and squeezed out a drop of blood to Wu Qiao.


 Wu Qiao used the Immortal Gu and aimed towards the blood in his hand, as a dark red light shone.


 There were no issues.


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief.


 “Thankfully, blood asset Immortal Gu recovered, and I added it into familiar face to disguise my bloodline. Last time, I deceived measures in Hei Fan’s true inheritance, while this time, I got past the rank seven blood path Immortal Gu Bloodline.”


 Thankfully, it was only rank seven, if it were rank eight, he might not be able to deceive it.


 Fang Yuan was quite lucky in this aspect.


 Of course, Wu clan was not going to be so wasteful as to raise a blood path Immortal Gu to rank eight.


 Refining a rank eight Immortal Gu had too high of a cost, it could dry up a super force’s assets without assurance of success.


 But this was not all.


 Next, Wu Qiao asked Fang Yuan many crucial questions.


 Some of these questions, Fang Yuan knew the answers, while some he did not, he answered honestly.


 Among the questions, some were traps, events that had never happened were used to trick him.


 But Fang Yuan had searched Wu Yi Hai’s soul, he could deal with these questions.


 The true danger was the rank seven Immortal Gu Bloodline, he had already passed that, there was little difficulty left.


 Hundreds of questions were asked, Wu Qiao was still expressionless.


 But the other Wu clan supreme elders nodded, some of them were smiling, looking at Fang Yuan, showing that he had already passed the test.


 “Actually, we also had to inspect your soul and bones, but Lady Wu Du Xiu has passed away, we will skip that.” Wu Qiao said, making Fang Yuan feel extremely glad.


 Thankfully, he was not greedy regarding those rank eight Immortal Gu.


 If he was questioned by her in person, his soul path and bone path methods were not impressive, there was a high chance of him showing a flaw.


 “I heard that when Wu Du Xiu died, her body turned into specks of light, none of her body remained. Even her hair and other things left behind had dissipated as well. She really died completely without leaving a trace, it is a good death!” Fang Yuan was overjoyed at his luck.


 Next, Wu Qiao reported his findings to Wu Yong.


 Needless to say, everyone had already seen the result.


 Wu Yong nodded, while the other Wu clan supreme elders also agreed.


 Thus, Wu Qiao took out life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, asking Fang Yuan to refine them. These Gu worms would be left in Wu clan’s ancestral hall, they were the symbol of Fang Yuan’s acknowledgement into the clan.


 After all this, Fang Yuan had finally used Wu Yi Hai’s identity to step into Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 After paying respects to Wu Du Xiu, Fang Yuan cried profusely, showing off a fantastic performance with incredible acting.


 As it was now Wu Du Xiu’s funeral, Wu clan could not hold a banquet. But after the ceremony ended, Fang Yuan interacted with many Wu clan Gu Immortals, even though they only drank tea and talked for a while, Fang Yuan benefited greatly.


 Of course, Gu Immortals asked to spar with Fang Yuan, but he rejected them all.


 His status was very high now!


 He had rank seven cultivation level, he was the brother of Wu clan’s first supreme elder, the rank eight Gu Immortal Wu Yong.


 Even though these brothers were of separate minds, on the surface, it seemed that their bloodline bonded them together.


 Seven days later, the funeral ended, Fang Yuan stood beside the Wu clan Gu Immortals, sending off the guests who came, like he was an important part of the clan.


 These Southern Border Gu Immortals remembered Fang Yuan well.


 Many of them listed him as someone they could not trifle with, not because of Fang Yuan’s cultivation level, but because he was blood related to Wu Yong.


 Wu Yi Hai’s name spread in Southern Border. Even though it could not be said that everyone knew about it, he was not far off.


 Three days later.


 Dawn, the sun rose slowly in the sky.


 Fang Yuan was standing on the peak of Bear Mountain, quietly looking at the beautiful sunrise.


 After the acknowledgement of his heritage, he was assigned by Wu clan to live on this Bear Mountain.


 This was not within the blessed land serving as Wu clan’s base, Fang Yuan claimed that he wanted to live outside as well. Bear Mountain was a well known place, there were large numbers of wild beasts on this mountain, all sorts of bears were living here.


 Wu clan directly gave this mountain to Fang Yuan, from now on, this was Wu Yi Hai’s territory.


 But Wu clan did not assign Fang Yuan any relevant roles.


 Wu clan’s Gu Immortals were all supreme elders, Wu Yong was the first supreme elder, followed by the second supreme elder, third supreme elder, and so on. They had different positions, and differing authority and power.


 In this aspect, Qiao clan’s first supreme elder was very anxious and concerned about it.


 Because Qiao clan helped Fang Yuan in order to get him to become an authoritative figure among the higher-ups of Wu clan. So that he could contest for Qiao clan’s benefits.


 For this purpose, Qiao clan needed Fang Yuan to gain more power in Wu clan, that way, he could speak up for Qiao clan and make firm decisions.


 Qiao clan’s help was not for free, Fang Yuan had already made alliance agreements with Qiao clan’s first supreme elder secretly.


 But Fang Yuan was not in a rush.


 He pretended to look at the sunrise, but he was actually thinking about the giant dream realm.


 He had already obtained his righteous path identity, how could he enter the super Gu formation openly now, and use the giant dream realm to raise his attainment level?


 Fang Yuan was thinking of this problem, when an information path Immortal Gu flew towards him, bringing Wu Yong’s summons.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had perfectly assimilated into the clan, the process was seen by countless Gu Immortals in Southern Border, Wu Yong could not harm his life anymore.


 The ship had set sail, it was far too late now.


 Especially when he was inside Wu clan’s territory, Wu Yong needed to protect this ‘younger brother’ of his.


 Fang Yuan followed the instructions of the information path Immortal Gu and met with Wu Yong in a hall.


 Wu Yong said: “You are my younger brother, you have just returned to the clan. According to our clan rules, every newly advanced rank six Gu Immortal may pick a rank six Immortal Gu. After becoming rank seven, they may pick a rank seven Immortal Gu. Bring along this information path Immortal Gu with you and go to the clan’s treasury to choose your two Immortal Gu.”



***
Chapter 1221 - Love Comes!


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Hearing that his ‘brother’ was arranging for him to claim Immortal Gu from the treasury, Fang Yuan smiled.


 In his case, he did not lack Immortal Gu. Forget about rank six Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan even had many rank seven Immortal Gu. As for rank eight, Fang Yuan had attitude Gu, years flow like water Immortal Gu, and wisdom sword Immortal Gu. Right now, the most important one was attitude Gu. Wisdom sword Immortal Gu needed rank eight immortal essence, while Years Flow Like Water had a huge drawback of attracting immemorial year beasts.


 But in terms of numbers, Fang Yuan had more rank eight Immortal Gu than Wu Yong.


 He even had rank nine wisdom Gu.


 Although, strictly speaking, wisdom Gu did not belong to Fang Yuan.


 Inside Wu clan’s treasury, there were indeed many useful or powerful Immortal Gu, and there was a high chance that many Immortal Gu suited Fang Yuan’s needs.


 But deep down, Fang Yuan clearly understood — At this juncture, there was one thing that he needed the most.


 Dream realm!


 As long as he could enter the dream realm, Fang Yuan could use unravel dream to rapidly raise his attainment levels.


 When his attainment levels rise, he would be able to annex more immortal apertures.


 Unlike now, he was restricted by his attainment levels, he could not annex many blessed lands.


 There were relatively few Gu Immortals.


 In a single region, there were merely several hundred Gu Immortals, most of them were rank six, few were rank seven, and rank eight Gu Immortals were usually the ones at the peak.


 Among these Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan could only annex some of the rank six and seven immortal apertures. And among these, only those which he had suitable attainment levels could be annexed. He could not go to Central Continent. As for the other four regions, there were many Gu Immortals that Fang Yuan could not touch. Like those with close relationships to rank eight Gu Immortals, or those who were hard to find, or people like Feng Jiu Ge and Shi Lei.


 Therefore, at the end of the day, Fang Yuan did not have many immortal apertures to annex.


 Earlier, he could annex a lot and raise his cultivation level, on one hand, it was Fang Yuan’s accumulation, he had killed many Gu Immortals and obtained a lot of information, but on the other hand, Fang Yuan had sufficient luck.


 Raising his attainment levels in all the different paths had great benefits for Fang Yuan.


 It increased the range of his choices drastically.


 He would be able to annex even more immortal apertures.


 “Earlier, I annexed immortal apertures and raised my cultivation level from rank six to seven. But after reaching rank seven, annexing rank six immortal apertures to skip calamities and tribulations has a far smaller effect.”


 “My cultivation level is rising at an unavoidably slower speed. But after raising my attainment levels in different paths, my rank seven cultivation level would start to climb up rapidly again. The speed would not be as fast as before, after all, rank seven immortal apertures are very rare, but compared to normal cultivation, it is still extremely shocking!”


 Of course, Fang Yuan could not estimate the actual speed.


 Because it depended on the situation.


 If he was lucky enough, he would be able to annex many rank seven blessed lands at once. With enough of them, he would rise to rank eight, it was not impossible.


 This was the power of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Spectral Soul had spent a hundred thousand years, sacrificing Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance to create this Immortal Gu, there was good reason for it.


 For ordinary Gu Immortals, this cultivation method was impossible.


 “However, there are not many rank seven blessed lands even if I add up all five regions, I can forget about advancing to rank eight for now.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, the chances of becoming rank eight immediately were too slim.


 He had a clear mind.


 Fang Yuan was not overly greedy, he knew what was important, and what was less of a concern.


 Thus, facing Wu Yong, he said: “I do not need to go to the treasury, I know what I want.”


 “Oh?” Wu Yong was surprised.


 Next, Fang Yuan said the names of two Immortal Gu, one was rank six, the other was rank seven.


 Wu Yong was even more surprised now, he looked at Fang Yuan deeply, having understood what he wanted. But he still pretended to be unaware: “These two Immortal Gu are part of the super Gu formation, they have been used already to encircle that giant dream realm. Are you sure you want them?”


 Fang Yuan nodded without any hesitation, showing that he had made his decision.


 In order to create the super Gu formation and protect the dream realm, the righteous path forces in Southern Border had contributed both manpower and resources. Wu clan put in six Immortal Gu, there was no need to conceal this information.


 Fang Yuan had learned about it from Qiao clan’s Gu Immortals.


 As for why he chose these two Immortal Gu, it was because they were extremely crucial to the operations of the super Gu formation.


 One could say, if Fang Yuan became the owner of these Immortal Gu, he would have the biggest say in the super Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan continued to speak earnestly: “Brother, you have been in the clan since your were born, you have the support of Southern Border’s strongest super force. But I am different, I grew up in Eastern Sea without anyone’s help. I am a lone cultivator, you have never been a lone cultivator, you will not know our pain.”


 “Therefore, this time, I thought of coming to Southern Border, to join Wu clan, I do not want to go back to Eastern Sea anymore.”


 “I admit that I have my ambitions, but which Gu Immortal has no ambition?”


 “Brother, I will speak the truth. You are a rank eight Gu Immortal, you have rank eight Immortal Gu, you are the first supreme elder of Wu clan, you live freely in Wu clan. As for me, I came from Eastern Sea, I only have rank seven cultivation level, I have some transformation path methods, but how can I compete against you? I have never thought of fighting with you.”


 “I merely want my cultivation journey to continue. Qiao clan has an alliance agreement with me, therefore they supported me to come here. I was forced to, without Qiao clan’s help, I could not even attend mother’s funeral.”


 “But I am still a Wu clansman, Wu clan’s bloodline flows within me. My mother might have left me when I was a baby, but she had asked me to return in her final days. No matter what she thinks, she is still my birth mother all along.”


 “These last few days, I have been thinking, the dream realm’s location is where I want to go. I am willing to leave Wu clan and cultivate there forever. All I want is some support from the clan, so that I would not be without cultivation resources. That way, I will be satisfied.”


 Fang Yuan spoke with sincerely, it was a moving speech.


 Towards the end, his eyes even turned red, he bowed deeply to Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong was moved.


 He left his seat, going towards Fang Yuan and grabbing his shoulders.


 “My brother!” He spoke, his voice was trembling, his expression was agitated.


 “You are my younger brother, we have the same mother.”


 “I understand your intentions. I understand your hardships, and I am glad that you understand my difficulties.”


 “Since that is so, I will agree to your request. Do not forget what you said today!”


 “Elder brother!” Fang Yuan choked, tears falling down from the corners of his eyes: “I will not forget today’s words! Brother is granting my wish, I will support you fully. In the future, unless brother agrees, I will not act on my own and step into Wu clan’s headquarters at all. I will also not interact with Wu clan’s Gu Immortals excessively.”


 Wu Yong grabbed Fang Yuan’s hands, patting the back of his hands: “You will not let me down, and I will not let you down!”


 A moment later, Fang Yuan left the hall.


 “Finally, I can go to the super Gu formation and openly explore the dream realm.” The excitement in his heart could not be described to others.


 Meanwhile, Wu Yong sat down on his seat, having a deep gaze in his eyes.


 “My younger brother knows what’s best for him, he is clear of the current situation. Not bad, not bad indeed.”


 “He did not mention the Immortal Gu inheritance at all, and even volunteered to leave Wu clan’s headquarters. With his absence, I will be able to control the clan as rapidly as possible.”


 “The dream realm is also very useless. Current methods cannot excavate this mountain of treasures. As long as he guards the super Gu formation quietly, and cultivate in peace, without trying to gain authority in Wu clan, so what if I have to give him many more times the cultivation resources he is asking for?”


 “The dream realm is like this now, but the future is not certain. After all, this is a prophecy regarding Great Dream Immortal Venerable... Hehe, speaking of which, my younger brother’s ambitions are not small.”


 “However, just as he said, who has no ambitions? It is not scary to have ambitions, it is scary if your ambitions are so big you cannot recognize your own limits, and do something stupid beyond your abilities. For example, Qiao clan... hmph!”


 Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 Zhao Lian Yun knelt on the ground like a statue.


 The house in front of her was shut tight, there was no disturbance.


 Feng Jin Huang no longer lived here.


 Zhao Lian Yun knew this, but she still continued to kneel here.


 Because she knew that this was her only hope! She had to grab onto it, because other than this, there were no other options.


 At this moment, Zhao Lian Yun’s legs were numb, she was so tired she felt dizzy, in her daze, memories of the past surfaced in her mind.


 There was a grassland with budding wild flowers.


 “This flower is for you, Lady Xiao Yun, they say that women love flowers.” Ma Hong Yun brought a bunch of flowers with him as he stood in front of Zhao Lian Yun, smiling sheepishly.


 “It stinks!” Zhao Lian Yun covered her nose, saying in disgust: “What flowers did you pick? These smelly fly flowers only grow on top of animal faeces. Take them away, take them away from me.”


 Ma Hong Yun was stunned, he answered: “Precisely because they grow on faeces, they are big and strong.”


 Zhao Lian Yun was rolling her eyes, she stepped on Ma Hong Yun’s leg angrily: “Get lost! Fool! Why are you finding me flowers, you should think of how to please your young master! You idiot!!”


 Ma Hong Yun was jumping from the pain, he said meekly: “I wanted to thank you, thanks for lying for me, otherwise, I would have been executed for stealing shoes.”


 Scenes of the past faded gradually, Zhao Lian Yun returned to the cold hard reality.


 “Big fool!”


 “But, what am I doing now, I seem like a fool too huh.”


 “To think that I, Zhao Lian Yun, would act so foolishly as well!”


 “You always do foolish things, but the results always end up good. I am not you, but, this is the only thing that I can do... I am just a normal person.”


 Thinking of this, tears rolled down Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes, the grief and agony in her heart could not be described with words.


 At this time, in her blurry vision, she saw a Gu.


 Rank nine —


 Love Gu!


 It was flying in front of Zhao Lian Yun.



***
Chapter 1222 - Current Generation Fairy, Zhao Lian Yun?


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rank nine love Gu.


 Zhao Lian Yun did not recognize this Gu worm, but that did not stop her from noticing this Gu worm’s uniqueness.


 Because in her vision, this Gu worm had become the center of the world, its body was glowing with multicolored lights, the entire Gu worm seemed to be the hottest flame burning in the universe. All of reality would be overturned, everything in this world would revolve around it.


 “Is this... a miracle?” Zhao Lian Yun’s face was covered in tears, a final thought was produced in her mind.


 Next, she fell onto the ground, falling unconscious.


 Spirit Affinity House was in a commotion!


 Love Gu, it was the signature Immortal Gu of Spirit Affinity House.


 It flew out of its resting place to Zhao Lian Yun’s side. Most importantly, when Zhao Lian Yun was unconscious, it did not fly away, it remained on her shoulder.


 That night, Spirit Affinity House recalled all of the Gu Immortals in the sect, holding an emergency meeting to discuss this matter.


 Spirit Affinity House’s first supreme elder, second supreme elder, and third supreme elder, Feng Jiu Ge, Fairy Bai Qing, Xu Hao, Li Jun Ying, and the others had gathered, the auras of immortals mixed together, the highest number of Gu Immortals from Spirit Affinity House had gathered together for the first time in hundreds of years.


 “Everyone, we know about the rules of the sect. Now that love Gu has acknowledged Zhao Lian Yun, she is the sect’s current generation fairy!” Xu Hao spoke expressionlessly, but intense joy could be felt from his tone.


 Back then, he had advised Zhao Lian Yun, he was just trying to target Feng Jin Huang and damage her reputation, to elevate Zhao Lian Yun’s own prestige.


 He did not think that Zhao Lian Yun would be so stubborn, continuing to kneel there without giving up.


 Xu Hao was helpless about this.


 He nurtured Zhao Lian Yun and used her as a chess piece to deal with Feng Jin Huang. His real goal was to attack Feng Jin Huang’s father — Feng Jiu Ge.


 A place with people interacting would have internal and external conflicts.


 When an organization is big, there would be many factions in it.


 Right now, the Feng faction with Feng Jiu Ge at the lead had the greatest authority in Spirit Affinity House.


 Xu Hao, Li Jun Ying, and the others were suppressed by theFeng faction, unable to lift their heads. Thankfully, Spirit Affinity House’s two rank eight Gu Immortals, first supreme elder and second supreme elder, were impartial, they did not side with anyone, only looking at the benefits of Spirit Affinity House, this allowed Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying to remain as part of the sect’s core authority, despite the Feng faction’s power.


 Zhao Lian Yun knelt and begged Feng Jin Huang, most people could only see the surface of the matter, only a few understood that this was a political conflict in Spirit Affinity House.


 Zhao Lian Yun was a mere mortal, but after inheriting the Thieving Heaven true inheritance, she was qualified to compete with Feng Jin Huang for the position of Spirit Affinity House’s fairy.


 Xu Hao made Zhao Lian Yun his political tool.


 Originally, Xu Hao was thinking that he could not let Zhao Lian Yun kneel anymore. In his opinion, as a political performance, it was already enough. If Zhao Lian Yun continued kneeling, she would be like an idiot, there were no gains for her.


 But several hours ago, when Xu Hao heard that love Gu had stayed by Zhao Lian Yun’s side of its own accord, he was stunned.


 After his heavy shock, he felt intense joy!


 He acutely sensed that this was a godsent opportunity. This gift was too precious, he almost fainted from happiness.


 This was an unbelievably rare chance.


 He needed to use this opportunity to make Zhao Lian Yun Spirit Affinity House’s fairy!


 Then on this basis, he would retaliate against the ‘Feng faction’, this was an unprecedented opportunity for Xu Hao in the sect! As long as he made use of this chance, his future in the sect would change drastically for the better.


 Xu Hao did not doubt this.


 Thus, he was the first to stand up and support Zhao Lian Yun for the position, to become Spirit Affinity House’s current generation fairy!


 He spoke: “Our sect rules are clear, in choosing the fairies, first, we listen to the masses, then we look at aptitude, finally, we look at the preference of higher-ups.”


 The meaning was: They would first see what the people in the sect thinks, before looking at the aptitude and talent of the participant, and finally, it would depend on who suited the preferences of the higher-up Gu Immortals more.


 Xu Hao continued to speak: “Right now, in terms of the masses, Zhao Lian Yun might be an otherworldly demon, but she has love and loyalty, in order to save her lover, she knelt down to her opponent. The entire sect knows about her character, and in terms of aptitude, it is not important, as long as we are willing, we can raise a mortal’s aptitude easily. I believe that everyone has heard of her experiences in Northern Plains, she is an elite in terms of talent. And finally, everyone’s preferences. I greatly acknowledge Zhao Lian Yun, I express my support towards her in becoming our fairy.”


 “I concur.” Xu Hao had just said that when Li Jun Ying added this.


 She was Xu Hao’s wife, they had the same opinion in this.


 This was not strange.


 But the following scene was shocking to others.


 “I agree with Xu Hao.”


 “I approve of Xu Hao’s perspective.”


 “Even love Gu acknowledged Zhao Lian Yun, what else do I have to say?”


 ...


 At once, five to six Gu Immortals agreed with Xu Hao’s words.


 Fairy Bai Qing could not stand it anymore.


 She felt: It seemed that everyone here agreed with Xu Hao, they felt that the position of Spirit Affinity House’s fairy should go to Zhao Lian Yun.


 Fairy Bai Qing was a Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House, but more than that, she was Feng Jin Huang’s mother.


 The position of fairy in Spirit Affinity House was very special.


 She was the cultivation seed that was chosen by the entire Spirit Affinity House, even the mortals were part of the selection process. Next, they would invest heavily in her and nurture her to become immortal. Every generation’s fairy would be Spirit Affinity House’s representative when they fully matured.


 Spirit Affinity House was an organization, and organizations not only needed old experts, but also new Gu Immortals, to inject fresh blood and keep the system going smoothly.


 Fairy Bai Qing herself was a fairy of Spirit Affinity House. She had felt for herself the experience of having an entire sect support her cultivation.


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge and Bai Qing were both Gu Immortals and could totally fund their daughter, Feng Jin Huang, for her immortal ascension easily, this type of support paled in comparison to the funding of the entire sect.


 Fairy Bai Qing did not want to see her daughter lose.


 But she understood deeply: Right now, the situation was very disadvantageous for her!


 Because the sect rules were, in choosing a fairy, other than ‘listening to the masses, looking at aptitude, and the higher-ups preference’, there was also an important part, that was —


 Once love Gu acknowledged someone, no matter how disliked they were, or now bad their aptitude was, or even how badly received they were by the Gu Immortal higher-ups, they would become the current generation fairy, regardless of the situation, or whether they were male or female!


 Because of this rule, after Xu Hao finished speaking, he gained the approval of many Gu Immortals, they expressed their support.


 In fact, Xu Hao’s own political force was not strong. Normally, he would not garner such support.


 “Even though the sect rules are as such, it is not a hopeless situation. Because in our sect’s history, there was a fairy that was promoted because of this rule, and in the end she...”


 Fairy Bai Qing thought of this and was about to speak.


 But at this time, Feng Jiu Ge pressed down on her hand softly.


 “Don’t be anxious.”


 “I know, you want to mention Mo Yao, right? Back then, she was just an inkman slave, but she gained the acknowledgement of love Gu and was funded by the entire sect to become a Gu Immortal, and even managed to reform Bo Qing. But in the end, she betrayed the sect, she defied Heavenly Court.”


 Feng Jiu Ge transmitted.


 Fairy Bai Qing nodded, replying to him secretly: “That’s right, this is Huang Er’s only hope. As long as we use this point and continue arguing, using the strength of Feng faction, we might be able to get the sect to change this rule. After all, rules are made by people, isn’t that right? This sect rule does not make sense!”


 But Feng Jiu Ge shook his head.


 He rejected Fairy Bai Qing’s idea: “Xu Hao is a wisdom path Gu Immortal, why did he not mention the sect rules in his earlier speech? He only talked about the first three conditions, and seemingly forgot about this sect rule that was most advantageous for him.”


 Fairy Bai Qing was slightly stunned.


 Feng Jiu Ge continued: “This is his scheme, his trap. If you talk about it, you will fall into his plot. Even though Bo Qing and Mo Yao had caused such a situation, the sect rules did not change. After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, our sect suffered a lot of pressure, but our rules had not changed either. This is a very deep issue, there is more than meets the eye. If you want to use Feng faction’s power to challenge it foolishly, wanting to change this rule, we will lose miserably. We would suffer heavy losses while Xu Hao would be completely intact, that is what he wants to see.”


 Fairy Bai Qing’s body was covered in cold sweat.


 “I was rash.” She quickly calmed down, after a while, she thought about why she made such a mistake.


 “Because it involved Huang Er, I became confused due to love. No, there is another reason, I became a rank seven Gu Immortal and gained rank seven Immortal Gu, compared to before, I was overconfident. Because I am in the righteous path, battle strength is not everything. If hubby did not remind me today, I would have committed a huge mistake.”


 Thinking of this, Fairy Bai Qing unconsciously looked at Feng Jiu Ge.


 She felt a strong feeling of protection from him. Even though Feng Jiu Ge was from the demonic path, after all these years he had demonstrated his skills, being in the sect did not require just battle strength, his political abilities were also far superior to her, otherwise, how could his Feng faction have such brilliance today?


 “Since you can expose Xu Hao’s trap, I will entrust this matter to you.” Fairy Bai Qing transmitted secretly, there was sweet affection in her tone.


 Feng Jiu Ge smiled bitterly: “This matter, I am not going to interfere. Because interfering is of no use.”


 “What do you mean?” Fairy Bai Qing was stunned.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not speak, he looked at the sky.


 “He did not fall for it...” Xu Hao was originally waiting for someone to jump out, but nobody objected to his words, even Feng Jiu Ge was keeping silent, he felt that it was a pity.


 But he quickly collected his thoughts, feeling confident inside: “Forget it! Since nobody objected, this matter is decided.”


 But first supreme elder suddenly said: “I have understood everyone’s stances. But Zhao Lian Yun has a special background, she is an otherworldly demon. I will report the result of our discussion to the higher-ups, they will decide themselves.”


 “What?” Xu Hao was completely stunned.



***
Chapter 1223 - Entering The Gu Formation Openly


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border.


 The remains of Yi Tian Mountain.


 “Lord Wu Yi Hai, this way please.” .Wu An bowed as he led the way.


 Fang Yuan nodded, in front of him, an entrance opened in the super Gu formation.


 “Please, lord, enter first.” Wu An gave way as he smiled affectionately.


 Wu Yi Hai’s identity was now known to almost everyone in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.


 Fang Yuan arrived directly and became Wu clan’s person-in-charge for the super dream realm. Wu An with only rank six cultivation level was his direct subordinate, he had to curry favor.


 Fang Yuan had yet to take over the role, but Wu An had already flown out of the super Gu formation, staying at a mountain for two days and two nights a hundred li away, just to receive Fang Yuan when he arrived.


 When he saw Fang Yuan, he immediately lowered himself and stuck to Fang Yuan like a fly. Whatever he was asked, he answered to the best of his abilities. If Fang Yuan wanted to kick his butt, he would definitely move his butt over to Fang Yuan’s leg so that he could kick it more conveniently.


 But this was exactly why he gave Fang Yuan a good understanding of all the Gu Immortals who were here from different clans defending the super Gu formation, as well as this current situation.


 Fang Yuan did not stand on ceremony with Wu An, he entered first as Wu An followed after him, smiling and lowering his head.


 Many Gu Immortals were looking at this scene secretly.


 “Wu Yi Hai is here, not long ago, he used Wu clan’s immortal killer move and got rid of his status as an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, he is now a true member of Southern Border.” Ba Quan Feng said as he observed the expression of the Gu Immortal beside him carefully.


 It was none other than the publicly recognized strongest rank seven expert in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, Old Treeman Ba De.


 Ba De retracted his gaze, saying plainly: “Let’s observe for now.”


 Saying this, he turned around and left.


 It seemed like Wu Yi Hai’s appearance was just an insignificant matter to him.


 Ba Quan Feng was disappointed.


 He wanted to see Ba De’s reaction, Wu Yi Hai was here but he was a newbie, be it in the super Gu formation, or in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, he was a newcomer.


 Wu Du Xiu died, Wu clan only had one rank eight Gu Immortal left, Wu Yong, their strength had fallen drastically, many clans were waiting to strike. Especially the strong Ba clan.


 In the past, when Wu clan was strong, Ba Quan Feng had many opinions about it. Now that one of Wu clan’s rank eight Gu Immortals was dead, and a newcomer, Wu Yi Hai, was here, he unavoidably had some notions of suppressing him to vent his frustration.


 Unfortunately, Ba De said that they would observe for now.


 After all, nobody knew about Wu Yi Hai’s strength and methods.


 Ba De was a dependable and experienced old schemer.


 If Wu Yi Hai was naive or had low strength, he would not mind making Ba clan the main controller of this super Gu formation!


 Inside the super Gu formation, there was space inside, that surrounded the entire super dream realm, forming something like a giant city.


 Each segment was guarded by one clan, the thirteen righteous path forces split the space in this super Gu formation into thirteen portions.


 The space that Wu clan occupied was huge, it was one of the largest among the thirteen. The only clan that was comparable to them was Ba clan. Even Tie clan and Shang clan were inferior.


 Fang Yuan entered it and because he had information provided by Wu clan, and he had his lackey, Wu An, he did not lose his way.


 Soon, he found his way to the core, and met with another Gu Immortal from Wu clan, Wu Liao.


 This person had broad shoulders and a thin waist, he looked very brave and heroic, there was a needle-like beard under his chin, he greeted Fang Yuan without any tone of submission: “Greetings to Lord Wu Yi Hai. Please pardon me for not receiving you, I was tasked to stay here.”


 His tone was calm, pride was rooted in him.


 Fang Yuan felt very amused, Wu An and Wu Liao, they both had rank six cultivation level, but their attitudes were a stark contrast.


 Now that Wu Yi Hai was here, all of Wu clan’s stationed Gu Immortals were here in the super Gu formation.


 Originally, there was a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 But since Fang Yuan came, he was sent off elsewhere.


 Wu clan was huge, it was the number one force in Southern Border’s righteous path, but it did not have many Gu Immortals that could be used. Every Gu Immortal was a portion of strength that needed to be used wisely and carefully, in the right areas.


 “Let’s solve the main issues first. I am sure you know about our clan’s orders. Bring me to refine my two Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan said.


 This was the first important mission.


 Wu Liao saw that Wu Yi Hai worked at a rapid speed, he felt a sense of acknowledgement towards him.


 Wu An quickly ran to Fang Yuan’s side, smiling in a fawning manner: “Lord, this way please, I will bring you there now.”


 A moment later, Fang Yuan successfully refined the two Immortal Gu.


 Refining other people’s Immortal Gu was not easy. But with Wu clan’s cooperation, it was a different story.


 Fang Yuan finally let out a sigh of relief.


 He knew: Wu clan’s treasury definitely had Immortal Gu that were better or more suited for himself. But he still chose these two Immortal Gu regardless.


 He did this because he had his own considerations.


 With these two Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan could plant his roots into this super Gu formation.


 From now on, even if Wu clan wanted to move Fang Yuan away, they had to consider this point!


 This super Gu formation was already established, every Immortal Gu was tightly linked, changing a single one would adversely affect it. Every Immortal Gu that each clan controlled was also the investment that the clan was putting into the giant dream realm, it affected the distribution of power and authority that the respective clans had in this place.


 “Lord, I have prepared some supper for you to eat.” After Fang Yuan refined the Immortal Gu, Wu An quickly came over and said this to him in a subservient manner.


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, he responded with a grunt.


 Wu An suddenly seemed like he had heard some heavenly music, he quickly led the way joyfully: “Lord, this way please.”


 Wu Liao snorted coldly, showing disdain in his eyes, he did not like Wu An’s fawning.


 But Fang Yuan said: “Wu Liao, follow us, I have some things to ask you two.”


 “Yes, lord.” Wu Liao replied respectfully.


 The banquet was indeed not bad, the dishes and wines were very delicious.


 Fang Yuan sat at the main seat while Wu An and Wu Liao sat on his left and right.


 Fang Yuan knew that there was a possibility of bias and misinformation, he could not listen to Wu An’s words alone. Thus, during the banquet, he asked the two of them many questions.


 Wu An and Wu Liao answered respectfully.


 After the banquet ended, Fang Yuan gained an even clearer understanding of the situation at the super Gu formation, there was a vivid picture in his mind.


 In Fang Yuan’s plan, for a long time in the future, he was going to cultivate here secretly.


 He had to be clear of the environment here.


 The righteous path and demonic path was different, the demonic path acted freely while the righteous path talked about rules. What were the rules of the righteous path? It was nothing more than just customs created over a long period of time, rules of a game that involved the distribution of benefits.


 Fang Yuan understood that since he came here using Wu Yi Hai’s identity, he had to settle matters using righteous path methods. If he used demonic path methods here, his enemies would laugh happily, and his clan would distance themselves from him. Even if Wu Yong sides with his brother, he would not be able to endure the pressure, for the sake of the clan, he would need to move Fang Yuan elsewhere.


 After all, Wu clan was led by Wu Yong.


 Wu clan was once the dominant clan, but Ba clan, Shang clan, and Tie clan were not willing to be under Wu clan. Qiao clan was Wu clan’s most loyal ally.


 But after Wu Du Xiu’s death, the situation had changed greatly. Ba clan was stirring and ready to strike, especially when Old Treeman Ba De was the one sent here to guard the dream realm.


 With just this, Fang Yuan could acutely sense that from now on, Ba clan was going to be his main competitor.


 As for Qiao clan...


 Fang Yuan felt somewhat of a headache.


 He came here, he had gone against the agreement with Qiao clan. As for what Qiao clan’s attitude would be and how much support they would give him, Fang Yuan was uncertain.


 After the banquet, Fang Yuan sent Wu An and Wu Liao away, resting alone.


 Before leaving, Wu An wanted to say some things, but he was very hesitant about it.


 Wu Liao left quietly, he had an improving opinion of Fang Yuan after this. During the banquet, he asked very precise questions, even though Wu Liao had difficulties answering them, he felt confident in Fang Yuan’s abilities as a result.


 For righteous path Gu Immortals, their own strength was the foundation, but it was not enough, they needed to be skilled in political methods as well.


 However, after the banquet, for the next few days, Fang Yuan did not show up in public, he was hiding in his own room, cultivating.


 “Is this Wu Yi Hai really just a lone cultivator?” Fang Yuan’s actions were very much resembling lone cultivators, this made many Gu Immortals who were observing him secretly make such a guess.


 Wu Liao was a bit disappointed, he wanted a superior that could suppress the situation, not someone who was purely cultivating.


 Wu An felt very uneasy.


 These last days, he had invited Fang Yuan with all sorts of reasons. But Fang Yuan rejected them all, he even said that he should not be disturbed if there were no important matters.


 Wu An could not tell what Fang Yuan’s thoughts were, as time passed, his anxiety turned into fear.


 And behind Wu An, there were also Gu Immortals from other clans, they were also very anxious.


 The reason was simple.


 The immortal opportunity business.


 Back then, they could do the immortal opportunity business because Wu clan had led them, colluding with several clan’s Gu Immortals to undergo this trade secretly.


 The original Wu clan rank seven Gu Immortal left, Wu Yi Hai was moved here.


 The immortal opportunity business thus had to stop, because the person in charge of Wu clan over here was Wu Yi Hai. Most importantly, he controlled two Immortal Gu!


 Wu An was fawning over Fang Yuan so desperately, other than wanting to gain his protection, he also wanted to salvage the immortal opportunity business.


 Wu An obtained a lot of benefits from this, without these benefits urging him, he would not have been so enthusiastic towards Fang Yuan.


 Initially, interactions between Fang Yuan and Wu An were developing well. But soon, Fang Yuan acted abnormally, Wu An was at a loss.


 The immortal opportunity business could not be exposed, if it was known publicly, they would be held responsible. This was an act of corruption, it was information that could be used against them.


 Without dragging Fang Yuan into this, Wu An felt uneasy.


 Gritting his teeth, he decided to take a risk!



***
Chapter 1224 - White Rabbit’s Seduction (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “This servant greets Lord Wu Yi Hai.” The female Gu Immortal knelt down before Fang Yuan’s feet.


 She wore a white fur coat, it only wrapped around her chest and lower body, a large portion of her snow white skin was exposed. Her ears were like rabbit ears, her eyes were red like rubies, her nose was small and delicate, she had an extremely cute appearance. In terms of beauty, she was only inferior to Shang Xin Ci and Feng Jin Huang.


 At this moment, this female immortal was kneeling on the ground, her forehead was touching the floor. Her huge chest was squeezed by the floor, experiencing a change in form. And her butt was high in the sky, attracting people’s gazes.


 She was none other than Lady White Rabbit.


 Right now, she was pure yet wild, she was cute and embarrassed. Especially with her subservient attitude, when men see her, they would feel something emerging in their crotches, they would want to hug her tightly and give her some well deserved love.


 Fang Yuan was feeling strange.


 Not long ago, he had offered this woman some cultivation resources in exchange for information on the Gu Immortal world. To think that now, this woman would be kneeling before his feet, subjecting herself to whatever he wanted to do.


 “This is an attempt to seduce me!”


 “This Wu An took a risk and lied to me, saying that some important person wanted to report matters to me, therefore enabling Lady White Rabbit to meet me.”


 “It seems that these last few days, I had been secluded for too long, they are anxious now. They even used this method.”


 “The method is old and cliched, but it is very effective.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, standing up from his seat, slowly walking towards Lady White Rabbit.


 Lady White Rabbit’s forehead did not leave the concrete floor.


 With Fang Yuan’s sharp eyes, he could see that Lady White Rabbit was trembling.


 She was nervous.


 Fang Yuan thought: He had interacted with Lady White Rabbit before, and with his five hundred years of cultivation, he could tell that this woman was a pure lone cultivator. To think that she would offer her own body, this must be her first time doing this.


 Of course, Fang Yuan’s judgment could be wrong, but there were likely to be few people in the five regions who could deceive him this thoroughly.


 Lady White Rabbit was indeed very nervous.


 She was nervous, her body was trembling, her heart was pounding.


 Even though she knew that she had to be calm and follow Wu An’s words, she could not do it.


 Knowing was easy, doing was hard.


 “Turns out seductions are not so easy after all.” Lady White Rabbit sighed internally.


 Other than this, she felt some shame and anger, as well as disbelief.


 “I, I am actually doing something like this? Why am I doing this? I am trying to seduce a man I have never even met before!”


 Lady White Rabbit felt very strange, this was not something she would normally do.


 Before this, she was a pure lone cultivator, having no conflicts in the world, she cultivated in peace and quiet. If anyone told her that she would be on her knees doing this in the future, she would definitely fight that person without doubt!


 “Why did it come to this?”


 Lady White Rabbit thought about it: She had good connections with people, so one day, Wu An came to her and said that he had a huge fortune to share with her.


 Back then, Lady White Rabbit was very wary and suspicious, why would something so good come to her? She felt that maybe Wu An was trying to cheat her money and body?


 But no.


 Lady White Rabbit managed the immortal opportunity business, she became the middleman, both demonic path and lone immortals had basis to trust her.


 Of course, the initial business was not good. But afterwards, when word got out, the Gu Immortals gradually understood this business, and people started to flood towards her endlessly.


 After every business transaction, Lady White Rabbit would take a cut of the profits.


 Very soon, her total wealth had reached the level of her accumulation in the last tens of years.


 Lady White Rabbit was shocked and joyful.


 The business was getting better, she felt that each new day would be brighter.


 But an unexpected mishap came both suddenly, and not suddenly.


 Not suddenly because Lady White Rabbit knew about the matter entirely. Rank eight great expert, Wu Du Xiu, of Wu clan, passed away, her illegitimate son from Eastern Sea, Wu Yi Hai was returning to Southern Border, and was attacked by many forces. In the end, Wu Yi Hai survived the attacks and successfully returned to the clan, becoming a Southern Border Gu Immortal.


 But it was sudden because Lady White Rabbit did not expect that this matter, which involved the entire Southern Border Gu Immortal world, would implicate her. Wu Yi Hai, who was far apart, having a high status, had actually come over here and became the person-in-charge of the super Gu formation on Wu clan’s side.


 The immortal opportunity business had to stop!


 Because this business could not be exposed. Originally, Wu clan’s rank seven Gu Immortal was the person manipulating it in the background.


 Now that he was gone, Wu Yi Hai came.


 Wu An and the rest were beneficiaries of this, but they had no ability to continue this business.


 Because they were not qualified to.


 They could not bypass Fang Yuan and continue the business either.


 Because this business only involved seven clans, Ba clan, Tie clan, and Shang clan were not participants. They needed a strong background to support them.


 Stop it here?


 No, of course not!


 All of the Gu Immortals involved in the immortal opportunity business had experienced great gains and benefits, they still wanted to continue!


 Thus, roping Fang Yuan in was the most important matter.


 Wu An was tasked with this important mission, Wu Liao could not be relied on, this Gu Immortal seemed young, but he was very conservative and strict with rules, he had always objected intensely to Wu clan doing the immortal opportunity business.


 Wu An was very enthusiastic and attended to Fang Yuan meticulously, but he suddenly went into seclusion.


 This made Wu An and the Gu Immortals with him extremely anxious.


 The situation with the demonic path and lone cultivators was terrible now.


 Suddenly, they could not enter and interact with the dream realm. This made the Gu Immortals feel that something was wrong, were these righteous path members trying to take their cultivation resources and not holding their side of the deal?


 Large numbers of Gu Immortals surrounded the mortal Gu House on the mountain peak. They could not find the righteous path Gu Immortals, they could only surround Lady White Rabbit and shout loudly, sending threats as they demanded answers!


 At this moment, Lady White Rabbit realized that she was in extreme danger!!


 If the immortal opportunity business could not continue, not only would she not have a bright future, she would be torn to shreds by these wolves, her end would definitely be miserable.


 In this situation, Wu An came and spoke with a glib tongue, finally convincing Lady White Rabbit.


 Lady White Rabbit was forced by the situation, she had no choice but to dress up like this and meet Fang Yuan, using her beauty to seduce this Gu Immortal from Wu clan, so that he could come out and manage the immortal opportunity business!


 “Raise your head.” At this time, Lady White Rabbit heard Fang Yuan’s order.


 Lady White Rabbit’s body shook, her heart almost skipped a beat.


 She breathed in deeply, she raised her head, looking up at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked down imposingly at this beautiful girl, she was sprawling on the ground, raising her head to look at him. Her eyes were large and round, her skin was white like a boiled egg, and her lips were pink and delicate, soft as flowers, it made people unable to resist the urge of exploring how they tasted, especially the exquisite pink tongue that was inside, what flavor would it have?


 “Stand up.” At this moment, Fang Yuan spoke.


 Lady White Rabbit was like a wooden puppet, obediently standing up.


 She had an exquisite and busty figure, her chest could barely be contained, but her height was only at Fang Yuan’s chest level, she was like a neighbor’s cute daughter.


 The two were less than five meters apart.


 Lady White Rabbit’s heart was pounding fiercely, her breathing was rough, she was almost gasping. Next, she remembered Wu An’s instructions, she stepped forward and hugged Fang Yuan.


 She used her jade-like arms to wrap around Fang Yuan’s waist, using a seductive tone as she said: “Mas... master, please, please forcefully ravage this servant!”


 She stammered as she said that, she wanted to die from shame and embarrassment!


 Even though she had cultivated for many years, Lady White Rabbit was still very ignorant about male and female relationships. Her only guidelines were Wu An’s suggestions.


 “White Rabbit, oh White Rabbit, how can you say such shameful words? You really said it!”


 Her face was bright red, she was asking herself this on the inside, she found it hard to believe that this was actually her.


 Elsewhere, outside the place that Fang Yuan lived in, Wu An was pacing around uncertainly.


 He was anxious, he walked around as he rubbed his hands, they formed into fists at times. From time to time, he stopped walking, turning around to look at the tightly shut door, thinking about what could happen inside.


 If the immortal opportunity business stopped, and Fang Yuan refused to take over, that would mean that he did not like this idea, he would expose it.


 This was very possible, Wu Yi Hai was very young and had just joined Wu clan, he needed to prove himself to the clan.


 His brother was Wu Yong, he definitely had no lack of cultivation resources. For the moment, benefits were less important to him than reputation.


 This way, Lady White Rabbit would be done for, even if she did not die, she would be wanted by the righteous path. She would turn from a lone immortal to a demonic path Gu Immortal.


 Even though Wu An would not die, because Wu clan had limited Gu Immortals, he would definitely need to give up the benefits that he had obtained. He would also be punished by the clan, he would be sent away and his bright future would be completely ruined due to this business.


 At this time, footsteps could be heard.


 Wu An turned and look, only to see that this person was standing straight like a spear, he footsteps were like the wind as he emitted an imposing aura all over his body.


 Wu An had a bad feeling: “Wu Liao, why are you here?”


 Wu Liao snorted coldly at him: “Why else? Someone was shameless and wanted to seduce Lord Wu Yi Hai into committing a grave mistake! I am here to tell lord everything that you have done. I want him to know your schemes and ill intentions.”


 Wu An was so angry he was about to explode, he pointed at Wu Liao as he gritted his teeth: “Wu Liao, you dare to do so?!”


 He had tried to bribe Wu Liao.


 But Wu Liao refused to accept it, he did not find it little, it was just his personality.


 Among Wu clan’s Gu Immortals, who would not know about Wu Liao’s personality?



***
Chapter 1225 - White Rabbit’s Seduction (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Wu Liao ignored Wu An, he bowed towards the door deeply as he shouted: “Wu An has ill intentions, Wu Liao seeks an audience with lord, I want to report him!”


 Wu An’s heart was frozen at this point.


 He was scared, he was fearful.


 He was afraid that at the next moment, this door would abruptly open and Lady White Rabbit would be thrown out with tears in her eyes.


 Then he, Wu An, would be done for.


 But no.


 The door remained shut, as if Fang Yuan heard nothing.


 But how could this be possible?


 This was not an ordinary location, it was the internal space of the super Gu formation, a huge group of palaces had formed that could accommodate people.


 Fang Yuan controlled two crucial Immortal Gu, he was fully aware of everything going on in Wu clan’s territory inside the formation.


 Wu An and Wu Liao’s actions were extremely clear to Fang Yuan.


 How could he not hear what Wu Liao had shouted earlier?


 Impossible!


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was ignoring him, Wu Liao, who was extremely confident, was stunned.


 He knew that Wu An had been trying all kinds of ways to meet Fang Yuan, Wu Liao knew the purpose of his request.


 Wu Liao did not obstruct him, because he knew that humans were greedy and selfish, many people were different from him, for example, the previous rank seven Gu Immortal from Wu clan.


 But afterwards, Fang Yuan did not meet Wu An once.


 Realizing this, Wu Liao was extremely happy.


 He thought of it in his own perspective, since Fang Yuan rejected Wu An, he was definitely unhappy with the immortal opportunity business.


 “Indeed! How can someone of Lord Wu Yi Hai’s status be after such small gains? He has just entered the clan, he must be concerned about his reputation, and how he would develop as a Wu clan higher-up in the future.” Wu Liao guessed.


 Having such thoughts, he came to meet Fang Yuan, hopeful that Fang Yuan would receive him.


 But now?


 The hall’s door was shut, like a wall or a tall mountain that was blocking Wu Liao’s heart.


 Wu An laughed heartily.


 He wiped the sweat off his forehead, his mind returned to a calm state.


 Wu Liao’s request to meet was the best probe.


 Wu An instantly thought that he had understood Fang Yuan’s intention.


 Wu Liao did not believe it, he shouted again, but the doors remained shut, there was no response.


 Wu An laughed even louder now, feeling very confident.


 He spoke: “Wu Liao, stop screaming. Lord has important matters to attend to, is it nice to disturb him like this?”


 Wu Liao’s expression was dark and ugly.


 Wu An sneered, shaking his head.


 Wu Liao looked down on Wu An, while Wu An felt that Wu Liao was too obstinate, he was not reasonable in how to deal with people and relationships.


 “Now it seems, even though I took a risk, it paid off well.”


 “It is understandable, after all, Lady White Rabbit has a great appearance. When I first saw her in that attire, my heart almost jumped out of my mouth. I wanted so badly to cuddle her and rub all over her body!”


 “Seeing a beauty like Lady White Rabbit, as long as one is a man, they would be tempted! Lord Wu Yi Hai is a young and vigorous guy, he has just gotten some authority, and a beauty comes to him immediately, it can satisfy his ego. Furthermore, he was an Eastern Sea lone cultivator, while Lady White Rabbit is also a Southern Border lone cultivator, between lone cultivators, they can understand each other and feel for each other. And the rarer thing is that Lady White Rabbit is a real virgin, when a man and woman meet, they would be like the fusion of fire and ice... hehehe!”


 While he was thinking that, at the next moment, something happened that caught Wu An off guard.


 Only to see that the doors opened, Lady White Rabbit stood at the door, appearing before the two Wu clan Gu Immortals.


 “What happened? She came out already? Why has it been so little time?” Wu An was extremely surprised.


 “Lord must have heard my words and sent this female immortal out.” Wu Liao was overjoyed, but when he saw Lady White Rabbit, his gaze froze.


 Even though he felt a little disgusted earlier, seeing Lady White Rabbit’s divine beauty made his heart shook, he could not help but admit that Lady White Rabbit was beautiful.


 “Such a short time has passed, did she not succeed?!” Wu An’s heart sank to rock bottom, he was in a daze, his throat went dry.


 But soon, he saw that Lady White Rabbit had changed her clothes, it was no longer the white fur coat from before.


 Also!


 What attracted Wu An’s attention more was that Lady White Rabbit was wearing a pair of jade earrings, they were ball shaped and extremely thick.


 This was Southern Border’s custom.


 When a woman marries and loses her virginity, she would wear such earrings, to show that she had successfully become one with her man.


 Wu An was overjoyed, he was extremely happy!


 Wu Liao’s expression was pale, his eyes were sharp, he had already seen Lady White Rabbit’s jade ball earrings.


 “Did, did you succeed?” Wu An came forward and asked carefully.


 Lady White Rabbit had an odd expression, but she nodded and did not speak.


 Wu An let out a breath of turbid air, he shut his eyes as pressure left him, he could not adapt to this feeling and nearly fell down.


 “But, why was it so fast?” Wu An had a thought: “This shouldn’t be, don’t tell me that Lord Wu Yi Hai is... a two pump chump in that aspect? Such a situation is not rare in Southern Border, there are many guys who had cultivate until this happened to them. Hehe, if that is the case, I can offer many useful Gu worms to lord in the future. But Lord Wu Yi Hai is already a rank seven Gu Immortal, with so many dao marks in him, these Gu worms might not be effective.”


 “These jade pearls were given to me by Lord Wu Yi Hai. He has instructed me to tell you, from now on, he will mainly focus on cultivating, you can carry on with your duties, do not disturb his cultivation.” Lady White Rabbit said.


 After she said that, Wu An looked at Wu Liao smugly with the expression of a victor.


 Wu Liao’s body shook, he took a step back, looking at Wu An angrily as he turned and left.


 “Lord Wu An, let’s leave too.” Lady White Rabbit said.


 “Don’t call me lord, how can I, Wu An, be any lord. Just call me by my name.” Wu An showed a sincere expression, as well as a courteous smile.


 Right now, Lady White Rabbit’s status had changed.


 Not only did Wu Yi Hai take Lady White Rabbit’s virginity, he had given her jade pearl earrings, he acknowledged her status as his concubine.


 Lady White Rabbit felt Wu An’s change in attitude, she had a complex feeling inside her.


 She spoke: “Actually, Wu An, Lord Wu Yi Hai has some words especially for you.”


 “Lady, please tell me!” Wu An quickly turned solemn.


 Lady White Rabbit said some shocking things: “Actually... Lord Wu Yi Hai did not copulate with me.”


 “What?!” Wu An’s expression turned into shock.


 The earlier scene appeared in Lady White Rabbit’s mind again.


 When she went ahead to hug him with an extremely flustered feeling, a pair of strong hands grabbed her shoulders.


 Next, strong force was emitted in these warm hands, without allowing for any resistance, Lady White Rabbit was pushed away from Fang Yuan’s body.


 Lady White Rabbit’s expression turned pale, instantly, she felt that she failed.


 But at the next moment, she heard Fang Yuan’s voice: “When I was in Eastern Sea, I was a lone cultivator. I know the pain of a lone cultivator clearly. Some things are sweet, but you will have to pay a price if you swallow them. I am sure that now, you understand why. However, I do not want to take advantage of someone in dire straights.”


 Saying this, Lady White Rabbit saw that a hand had stretched out towards her chest, it was holding a Gu worm.


 “This is a clothing Gu, wearing it before talking to me.” Fang Yuan’s voice could be heard again.


 Lady White Rabbit obeyed him, the clothing Gu turned into clothes that covered her body.


 When she raised her head again, she saw Fang Yuan smiling lightly at her: “Even though I joined Wu clan, I am still a lone cultivator at heart, it will never change. You can consider this Gu worm a gift from a fellow lone cultivator, I suppose.”


 Lady White Rabbit’s heart jumped, she felt an indescribable sensation, she was extremely touched in both body and soul.


 At once, she started sobbing, tears formed in her eyes as her vision turned blurry.


 But in her blurry vision, Lady White Rabbit could feel that Fang Yuan’s smile was so warm and gentle, it was like the rays of the morning sun, shining into her heart, providing warmth and protection to her.


 “However, if you leave like this, you might not be able to answer for the consequences. I am clear about you and Wu An’s intentions in coming here. Thus, bring this with you.” Fang Yuan said, taking out a pair of earrings.


 With his abilities, creating such mortal objects would only take a thought.


 Lady White Rabbit received this pair of jade earrings with tears in her eyes.


 “From today onwards, you are my attendant and mistress.” Fang Yuan smiled and said.


 Lady White Rabbit acknowledged his words, slightly nodding.


 “Go ahead with the immortal opportunity business. But I will not take over, if anything happens, I can help out secretly, but I will not step up officially.”


 “This is a matter that violates the interests of the other righteous path clans. After all, the entire super Gu formation was created with everyone’s effort.”


 “I have just arrived in Southern Border, I have yet to establish myself, I do not need these meager gains.”


 “You are so intelligent, you understand what I mean, right?”


 “Yes, I understand.” Lady White Rabbit quickly answered with a shaky voice.


 “Go back, and convey my message to Wu An and the people around him. My portion of the profits will go to you.” Fang Yuan sent her off.


 Lady White Rabbit mustered up her courage, wanting to take another look at Fang Yuan.


 But she did not manage to do so.


 She lowered her head as she walked out. The moment her back faced Fang Yuan, tears fell down her cheeks.


 The situation was much better than she had thought.


 The name of Wu Yi Hai was engraved into the deepest part of her soul.


 “I understand now, I understand now!” After hearing Lady White Rabbit’s recollection, Wu An’s forehead was full of sweat, his smugness was completely gone by now.


 He subconsciously looked towards Fang Yuan’s residence, wariness and even more so, admiration and respect was hidden in his gaze.



***
Chapter 1226 - Rules of the Righteous Path


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 On his bed, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.


 He let out a breath of air, realizing that he was still in his bed, the surrounding arrangements were all intact.


 This was the defensive Gu formation that Southern Border’s righteous path forces had created together, it was very safe. But Fang Yuan was vigilant to the core, he always considered the many possible outcomes before he did anything.


 Ever since rebirth, he had been cultivating endlessly, he exerted all of his effort without wasting a moment of his time on useless aspects.


 This sleep was the same.


 Fang Yuan entered his own dream realm, getting materials from his dream realm, he obtained the Gu materials for many dream path mortal Gu.


 “If I refine them, I can get five to six dream path mortal Gu.” Fang Yuan assessed.


 His improvement in dream path was evident.


 In the past, after one dream, he would only obtain a few Gu materials, to refine one or two dream path mortal Gu. But now was different, his gains had risen sharply, his efficiency in getting dream path mortal Gu also rose by many times.


 Of course, there was an important element, his soul.


 When exploring dream realms, the soul would weaken.


 Thus, the stronger the soul, the longer one could explore the dream realm, and the greater the backlash that they could endure from the dream realm.


 What was worth mentioning was: No matter how strong the soul was, it was just a basic condition for exploration. A strong soul could not allow one to freely move in the dream realm.


 There was a somewhat unfitting analogy for souls and dreams.


 The dream realm was like a desert, when souls explore it, they are like lost travelers inside the desert. The stronger the soul, the stronger the traveler’s constitution, they could endure hunger and stay inside the desert for a longer time.


 But that did not mean that he could walk out of the desert. He did not know what direction it was, he could not create food and water inside the desert, he could not shrink the desert or leave it freely.


 But clear directions, creation of water and food, and modifying the desert, all of these could only be achieved by dream path at this period of time.


 Why ‘this period of time’?


 Because when all the paths reach a certain attainment level, they can mimic other paths and attain their effects.


 In the future, fire path, earth path, and others can also create their own immortal killer moves that mimic dream path effects.


 However!


 There was a huge condition.


 That was, dream path had to be developed further as a path, and the Gu Immortal trying to mimic its effect needed to be familiar with dream path and have high dream path attainment.


 Right now, dream path had just started being researched, all the forces and Gu Immortals were suffering from exploring it, they did not have many useful gains.


 Even though there were quite a few dream path Gu worms and even wild dream path Immortal Gu, dream path as a path itself was still very far from actually being created.


 It was not even properly created yet, not to mention completed.


 Creating a whole new path was not so easy.


 There were many water path Gu worms, during the Immemorial Antiquity Era, Remote Antiquity Era, and Olden Antiquity Era, there were countless wild water path Gu worms, there were even people who created new water path Gu worms. But only until the Medieval Antiquity Era did Spirit Affinity House’s founder, Shui Ni, finalize the path after considering all aspects, formally creating water path.


 Thus, Gu Immortals in the five regions could do nothing about dream path, they knew that it was extremely valuable, but they had no way to gain from it.


 Many Gu Immortals died in dream realms.


 This situation was happening everywhere, and some time ago, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals had suffered massive casualties from this.


 Precisely so, Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals noticed the fact and had to slow down their exploration of the dream realm, moving forward with steady steps, carefully progressing slowly.


 Many Gu Immortals were still very wary of the dream realm, they started to have different ideas, thus, the immortal opportunity business was born as a result.


 If the righteous path Gu Immortals had ways to explore the dream realm, how could they give up this immense profit to the demonic and lone immortals?


 Thinking of the immortal opportunity business, Fang Yuan sat up on his bed.


 The immortal opportunity business had to exist, but at the same time, he could not be involved in it excessively.


 The immortal opportunity business had many uses.


 On one hand, it could give Gu Immortals immense benefits. On the other hand, it could greatly reduce the conflict of the righteous path, demonic path, and lone cultivators.


 If the righteous path Gu Immortals defended the super dream realm forcefully, what would these demonic path and lone immortals in Southern Border think?


 “The righteous path definitely obtained a lot of benefits, but they are keeping it for themselves. If time passes, the righteous path will get stronger, while we get weaker, how can we live? These are the cultivation resources of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, who does not want to become Great Dream Immortal Venerable? Why is the righteous path allowed to hog it for themselves, without any for us?”


 This would be their mentality.


 It was extremely dangerous.


 Southern Border’s righteous path forces knew that if these people were forced, the demonic and lone immortals would join up and result in another battle of Yi Tian Mountain, or result in the blood battle martial competition of Northern Plains.


 With this immortal opportunity business, the lone and demonic immortals would realize: Oh, the dream realm is so dangerous, there is nothing to gain from it. At this moment, the righteous path can do nothing to it, otherwise, why would there be this business? Are they letting us experience the dream realm on purpose?


 Creating this dream realm business was the idea of the rank seven Gu Immortal from Wu clan, he was very astute. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was stronger and used his brother’s influence to chase this rank seven Gu Immortal away.


 Fang Yuan needed stability.


 The more stable the better!


 He needed a stable environment to explore the dream realms here.


 Thus, preventing the attacks of both lone and demonic path immortals here meant that it was necessary to continue the immortal opportunity business.


 But Fang Yuan could not participate.


 Because not all the righteous path clans were participating.


 This was a crucial point!


 Put simply, the loot was not distributed evenly.


 Wu clan and six other righteous path clans were getting the benefits, while the other half of the clans were not participating.


 This was very reasonable.


 Gu Immortals were moved by benefits, the fewer people who joined, the more they would gain, right?


 Thus, the result was — once the immortal opportunity business was exposed, all of the Gu Immortals involved would not be able to get away. They would definitely be punished severely, because this was the rule of the righteous path!


 Fang Yuan could not step into this trap.


 Wu An and the rest wanted to rope him in, but Fang Yuan knew that once this was exposed, even if he was the owner of two Immortal Gu in here and was the brother of Wu Yong, it was impossible for him to stay here.


 Fang Yuan was not going to take the risk.


 He went through all kinds of methods to infiltrate here, what was it for? It was for the dream realm!


 Especially when Wu Yong was not someone who favored his ‘brother’ Wu Yi Hai. His attitude would depend on the circumstances.


 But as long as Fang Yuan did not commit a mistake, and was the owner of the Immortal Gu here, Wu Yong would be less likely to send him elsewhere.


 Fang Yuan could see all these details clearly.


 Thanks to the five hundred years of his previous life.


 Even though his cultivation level was not high, he had been in the righteous path, demonic path, and even was a lone cultivator, he had incredibly rich life experiences.


 This allowed him to be in the righteous path while not being restrained by Wu Yi Hai’s lone cultivator upbringing. He was clear about the political situation here, he knew what to do as a righteous path Gu Immortal, and how to play this game of life.


 Thus, he recruited Lady White Rabbit.


 At the crucial moment, he could use her as scapegoat, saying that he did not know the matter.


 The immortal opportunity business’ profits that were for him were all given to Lady White Rabbit as well.


 He could not take the profits.


 Unlike demonic path or lone cultivators who would crazy after seeing some resources, the righteous path could not do this, some benefits could be gained, but certain benefits were untouchable.


 But what if he rejected her? What if he gave Lady White Rabbit and Wu An the cold shoulder?


 That was worse.


 If Fang Yuan did that, even though there would not be a crisis after getting exposed, he would make enemies with six clans of Gu Immortals. These people were beneficiaries, if Fang Yuan did not lead them, they would not dare to undergo this business. These people would definitely have poor feelings towards him.


 Fang Yuan would have just arrived at the super Gu formation, and he would have already offended all of the political allies of Wu clan.


 And all those who did not participate in the immortal opportunity business, like Ba clan, Tie clan, or Shang clan, would be greedily eyeing up Fang Yuan.


 If he did that, he would be crippling his own network, it was an extremely stupid idea.


 The arrangement now was good.


 The immortal opportunity business continued, his political allies were happy, Ba clan and the rest were watching but could not do anything to Fang Yuan, who had no exploitable weaknesses.


 In the future, if this matter was exposed, Fang Yuan would push Lady White Rabbit into the spotlight, sacrificing her and saying that he was doting on her, but to think that she would do something like this behind his back. He was completely kept in the dark and ignorant.


 All in all, Fang Yuan had leeway to retreat or advance.


 As for those profits, Fang Yuan could only give up on them.


 He did not lack resources now, the sovereign immortal aperture’s cultivation resources would put most rank seven Gu Immortals to shame!


 “Next, I can officially start exploring dream realms!” Fang Yuan prepared to move.


 At the same time, in Northern Plains.


 The blood battle martial competition was reaching its end.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang did not appear from start to finish, but their influence was heavily affecting the competition.


 Chu Du had an ugly expression.


 The situation was not in his favor.


 Hao Zhen had lost, he was holding his left shoulder with his right arm. His injuries were severe, his left arm was completely chopped off, the injury area was covered in dao marks, it was hard to heal.


 “Northern Plains’ righteous path truly has a deep foundation.” Chu Du sighed, he was in an extremely awkward position of having nobody to send out.


 Hao Zhen had an angry expression, he spoke with unwillingness to give up: “Lord Chu Du, I have a friend who is stronger than me, but they are a secluded cultivator and have little fame.”


 Chu Du was joyful and suspicious: “Oh? Why did you not recommend them earlier?”


 Hao Zhen had a difficult expression, he transmitted carefully: “There is one bad point, they cultivate blood path.”


 Chu Du’s expression turned solemn, he rejected it without hesitation: “Absolutely not! Any blood path Gu Immortal is a demonic path Gu Immortal. This blood battle martial competition is a competition between righteous path forces, how can this blood path demonic immortal take part?”


 Once they were involved, the other party could slander Chu Du’s side for being demonic path members.


 Chu Du’s hard work would completely go down the drain.


 This was the rule of the righteous path!



***
Chapter 1227 - Dragonman


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “Our Combat Immortal Sect is one of the ten great ancient sects. Lad, since you were recommended by my senior brother, you must know about the selection rules of Combat Immortal Sect, it will depend on your combat results.”.


 In Fang Yuan’s vision, a Gu Master was looking down imposingly at him, saying: “If you want to officially become a disciple of Combat Immortal Sect, you have to put up a good fight and be one of the ten people left out of a hundred people, to be qualified to join the sect.”


 “Combat Immortal Sect...”


 “Why is it this kind of dream.”


 “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable didn’t seem to have joined Combat Immortal Sect during his life?”


 “It seems that he absorbed many souls in the door of life and death and obtained lots of cultivation experiences. This is why it formed like this?”


 Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


 At this time, the Gu Master took out three Gu worms.


 This first Gu worm looked like a caterpillar, it was light blue and the size of an adult’s thumb, the head had a small horn on it.


 The second Gu worm was a butterfly with red patterns, emitting a warm aura.


 The third Gu worm was a toad, it seemed like a grey rock.


 Inside the dream realm, the Gu Master spoke: “These three Gu worms are water arrow Gu, fire cloak Gu, and spirit saliva Gu. You are a rank one Gu Master, choose one.”


 “I can only choose one?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Everyone can only choose one.” The Gu Master in charge said expressionlessly.


 Fang Yuan nodded, he assessed carefully: “Water arrow Gu is for attacking, but it is not good among offensive Gu. Fire cloak Gu is a defensive Gu, it grants me a cloak of fire that can burn enemies mildly, and spirit saliva Gu can be used to heal Gu Masters.”


 “If I can choose all of them, so be it. But if I can only choose one, it means this task needs cooperation. The earlier Gu Master said that there are a hundred people but ten spots. To explore this dream realm, I probably need to go ahead and get one of the ten spots.”


 “I choose fire cloak Gu.” Fang Yuan thought, answering soon after.


 He needed to race for time.


 His dream realm exploration time was very precious. The soul would continuously be expended when exploring dream realms, once it weakens to a certain level, Fang Yuan’s cognitive abilities would fall drastically. He would be unable to differentiate between reality and the dream, he would not know that he was dreaming. Eventually, his soul would be trapped in the dream, until he died, Fang Yuan would only have his body left in this world, like those pitiful Gu Immortals of Southern Border earlier.


 Exploring dream realms was dangerous.


 Especially when Fang Yuan was exploring it alone, without anyone around to take care of him. If any problems occurred, he would be unable to save himself, that would be terrible.


 But who could Fang Yuan truly trust?


 To grow his attainment level, Fang Yuan had to pay a price and take some risks.


 “Of course, I have my trump card, I am not recklessly charging around like other Gu Immortals, needing to test their luck.” Fang Yuan thought of this and immediately used an immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 Large numbers of dream path mortal Gu were expended, a mystical power was displayed before Fang Yuan.


 A Gu Master suddenly appeared.


 The Gu Master from earlier was shocked, he asked the new Gu Master: “Senior brother, why are you here?”


 The senior brother said: “I came to take a look, junior brother, give the spirit saliva Gu to this child.”


 “But senior brother, this is cheating, if it is discovered...” The junior brother was troubled.


 The senior brother laughed: “Don’t worry, spirit saliva Gu cannot be detected on the outside if it is used secretly. This child also chose fire cloak Gu, when he is concealed by it, who can see that he is healing himself?”


 The junior brother nodded: “Since senior brother is saying that, I have nothing else to say. Take it.”


 Saying so, he tossed two Gu worms at Fang Yuan, fire cloak Gu and spirit saliva Gu.


 Fang Yuan had just received them when the surrounding dream realm faded, becoming the second scene.


 Unravel dream’s effect would change to fit the dream realm, creating effects that would benefit the user.


 Thus, unravel dream’s actual effect would vary from dream realm to dream realm.


 “But this time, after using unravel dream, I only obtained one extra mortal Gu in the dream. Unravel dream is an immortal killer move, this effect was rather small.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it, when he was exploring Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm, unravel dream had immediate results, like untying the wind knot grass instantly, it was direct progress of the dream realm. Unlike here, after using it, he only gained one more mortal Gu.


 After all, Fang Yuan’s cultivation level was rank two in this dream realm, he had limited primeval essence, he could not use Gu worms many times. Even though he obtained a second Gu, he had to use his primeval essence wisely, the actual help was not very big.


 “Don’t tell me that because this dream realm is too big, the rules of the dream realm are also stronger. Thus, external influences are less effective? In the five hundred years of my previous life, a batch of Gu Immortals also agreed with this point...”


 Regardless of Fang Yuan’s thoughts, the second scene had started.


 Fang Yuan found that he was in dusty fog, the road in front of him seemed to be at level ground.


 “This is the internal space of a Gu formation, it can accommodate a hundred people to fight, the Gu Masters controlling the Gu formation can also observe our situation, huh...”


 Fang Yuan analyzed as a young man in the fog approached him.


 Fang Yuan thought quickly, he called out: “Don’t attack, friend, so many people are participating, we can ally first.”


 “Ally? You offended Young Master Long, you want others to ally with you?” The young man snickered as he shot out a water arrow.


 Fang Yuan’s figure shifted, he nimbly dodged it, before pouncing.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan was getting close, the young man panicked, he used a second water arrow and tried to force Fang Yuan away.


 But Fang Yuan was experienced, seeing the young man raise his hand, he knew where the arrow was heading.


 Fang Yuan moved his feet and charged even quicker as the second water arrow missed him narrowly.


 The youngster quickly moved back, retreating while firing arrows.


 Fang Yuan observed patiently, even though he had a chance to get close, Fang Yuan purposely dodged instead. After a while, the young man was out of steam.


 Fang Yuan smiled, slowly walking forward: “Right now, I can disqualify you easily, how about it? Join me and we can work together to deal with the others, I am very sincere!”


 “Hmph!” The young man snorted: “Just the two of us against ninety-eight people, you are dreaming. You offended Young Master Long, you wanted to snatch his woman, and you still want to get into Combat Immortal Sect, you are simply dreaming! I would rather give up here than offend Young Master Long foolishly!”


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 In this case, wouldn’t he have to deal with the other teenagers in this test alone?


 This Young Master Long was truly a problem.


 “No wonder earlier, Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals suffered heavy losses. This dream realm is too difficult. It is harder than even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s dream realm!” Fang Yuan retreated, realizing that he was surrounded by thirty youngsters who had ganged up together, encircling him all around.


 Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 “I succeeded.” Bai Ning Bing said plainly.


 His gaze was still cold, he had a normal expression, but his appearance was quite tattered, he was charred black, like lamb on a barbecue rack, having been roasted for a long time.


 When he spoke, smoke was coming out of his throat.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit looked at him, nodding: “You used your own body to contain the fire, subduing the raging wave rising dragon fire. Do you know how dangerous this is, there is only a small chance of success, if you fail, your entire body will turn into ash.”


 “Regardless, I succeeded.” Bai Ning Bing was still holding on desperately, when he spoke, each word was said with much difficulty, he was relying solely on his willpower.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit chuckled: “Since you succeeded, you are now the new owner of this grotto-heaven. Greetings to young master.”


 Bai Ning Bing nodded, he did not say anything, he felt like he would faint if he uttered another word.


 But if he fainted, according to Ying Wu Xie’s words, he would be unable to control the raging wave rising dragon fire in his body, he would be burned to a crisp instantly.


 At this time, Bai Xiang heavenly spirit said: “Young master, you are in a dangerous situation now, if you are careless, you will die completely, not even your soul will survive. If you were the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance Physique, it would be better, but you had to be the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique. I have a cultivation method that suits your current state. This Gu refinement method uses the Gu Immortal themselves as Gu material, together with the raging wave rising dragon fire, you will be refined together, young master will leave the human race and become one of the variant humans — a dragonman.”


 “Dragonman?” Bai Ning Bing stared with wide eyes, thinking: “> has no mention of any dragonman. There is such a variant human race?”


 Bai Ning Bing did not speak, but Bai Xiang heavenly spirit knew his doubts.


 The heavenly spirit continued: “It is indeed not inside >, because the variant human dragonman was created by a human great expert, Duke Long, the original intention was to prolong lifespan.”


 “Duke Long is a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, he has extremely high battle strength, like Sword Immortal Bo Qing in the past. He brought about the method of humans alike dragons 1 , he fused refinement path and transformation path, to create a brand new variant human race, the dragonman.”


 Bai Ning Bing’s shock increased a bit more, he thought: “Who is this Duke Long? Even though I only became an immortal recently, knowledge is not my weakness, I know much more than ordinary Gu Immortals. Duke Long is someone on par with Bo Qing, how could he not be in historical records, is there no such person recorded in Gu Immortal history?”


 “Is Bai Xiang heavenly spirit speaking rubbish?”



***
Chapter 1228 - Duke Long


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Bai Ning Bing knew that a land spirit or heavenly spirit was formed by the Gu Immortal’s obsession fused with the immortal aperture’s heavenly power, it was a mystical existence.


 Because of the obsession, land spirits and heavenly spirits had an ownership acknowledgement requirement, and they could not lie.


 But although land spirits and heavenly spirits could not lie, that did not mean they could not spout nonsense.


 If land spirits or heavenly spirits obtain wrong information, but they think it is real, when they say it, it is not a lie.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit’s words were quite unbelievable.


 Bo Qing was Bo Qing because he was a type of person rarely seen in human history.


 What was Bo Qing’s title?


 The pseudo-Immortal Venerable who split the five regions with his sword, it was fortunate for the people in the world that love changed him!


 He was publicly recognized by all Gu Immortals across different eras that he was at a level second to only rank nine Gu Venerables.


 Such a person was extremely dazzling, like the moon in the night sky, even over the span of history with countless geniuses. If this Duke Long was a great expert at the level of Bo Qing, how could he not be in historical records?


 Bai Ning Bing was full of doubts.


 But at this time, Bai Xiang heavenly spirit did not answer his doubts, he asked: “Young master, your life is in great danger. We can only use the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method to turn yourself into a dragonman and resolve your crisis.”


 “However, this method is rather dangerous.”


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit said this as he frowned, sighing as he said: “You must know that Gu refinement has very strict requirements towards the materials. A proficient refinement path expert would consider all of the dao marks that were inside each Gu material.”


 “And the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method uses the Gu Immortal themselves as the immortal material. But immortal materials like these vary from person to person. Every Gu Immortal has different number of dao marks of differing paths. Thus, this Gu refinement method has a low chance of success.”


 “If young master had the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance Physique, or if you cultivated transformation path or refinement path, there is a greater chance. But you are on the other extreme, being the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique!”


 “Sigh... if you use this method, the chance of surviving is extremely minute. During the Gu refinement process, all of your dao marks will be affected. Young master, all of the ice and snow path dao marks in your body might vanish completely.”


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shined brightly instead!


 “My ice and snow path dao marks will vanish, does that mean the information path alliance agreement on me, and the transformation path dao marks, will also vanish?”


 He was very stirred up.


 All along, what troubled him most were the transformation path dao marks.


 Back then, in Southern Border’s Qing Mao Mountain, because of yin-yang rotation Gu, he turned from a guy to a girl. Now, once he used the phantom aperture, he would turn into a Gu Immortal, his transformation path dao marks would be suppressed and he would become a male again. If he did not use the phantom aperture and turned back to a mortal, his transformation path dao marks would turn him into a girl again.


 Of course, the dao marks from Shadow Sect’s information path alliance agreement were Bai Ning Bing’s biggest restraint at the moment.


 Was Bai Ning Bing someone who would submit to others?


 All along, he merely had no methods or ways to break free.


 “Use, this, method!” Bai Ning Bing did not hesitate, he struggled intensely and uttered three words.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 A female immortal was holding an information path Gu worm and inspecting it carefully.


 She had a graceful figure with hair that extended to her waist, and was adorned in a beautiful purple robe. Her eyes were like deep pools, with a sense of sorrow shrouding her face.


 It was the wisdom path great expert who replaced Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, the temporary leader of Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei!


 She retracted her attention from the information path Gu worm as her lips curled into a smile.


 “Love Gu actually acknowledged Zhao Lian Yun? Interesting.”


 Fairy Zi Wei was not surprised.


 She knew many historical secrets, love Gu had never been reliable in history. In the past, it could acknowledge the inkman Mo Yao, and now, was it really that strange that it acknowledged the otherworldly demon Zhao Lian Yun?


 “Spirit Affinity House’s supreme elders cannot decide on this matter, so they are pushing the decision to me? They have gotten smarter.”


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed to herself.


 Spirit Affinity House was not having a good time recently.


 During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Bo Qing, even though he was dead, had become an immortal zombie, playing a crucial role in that battle. Long ago, he had joined Spirit Affinity House as Sword Immortal Bo Qing. Bo Qing’s sword lights rampaged over Central Continent, it caused great damage to Central Continent, the ten great ancient sects, and even Heavenly Court. After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain ended, Spirit Affinity House endured immense pressure because of it.


 Whether they should make Zhao Lian Yun the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, these Spirit Affinity House supreme elders could not decide. It was a hard decision regardless of whether they make her the fairy or not.


 Pushing this difficult problem to Fairy Zi Wei, they could avoid the responsibility themselves.


 Fairy Zi Wei did not feel angry about it.


 Because she was from Spirit Affinity House in the past.


 Fairy Zi Wei was once a Gu Immortal from Spirit Affinity House, because of her great talent, after she became rank eight, she was accepted into Heavenly Court.


 Even though the ten great ancient sects were lower level sects of Heavenly Court, their relationship was not as simple as superiors and subordinates.


 Because many Heavenly Court Gu Immortals did not forget their roots, the sect that they came from, when descendants from these sects enter Heavenly Court, they would become natural political allies of these Gu Immortals.


 Thus, Fairy Zi Wei sided with Spirit Affinity House, and was willing to settle this problem for them.


 In fact, she and Fairy Bai Qing had some bloodline relationship.


 And Fairy Bai Qing was Feng Jin Huang’s mother, and Feng Jin Huang was vying with Zhao Lian Yun for the position of fairy, neither would relent.


 If Spirit Affinity House’s supreme elders acknowledged Zhao Lian Yun, they would be denying Feng Jin Huang the position, thus, they gave this problem to Fairy Zi Wei and let her decide.


 This problem was a small matter to Fairy Zi Wei.


 She was about to use the information path Gu worm to reply when she suddenly felt a tremor.


 This tremor was mild, Fairy Zi Wei almost thought that she was imagining things.


 But soon, a tremor occurred again, at an even greater intensity than before.


 Fairy Zi Wei stood up in shock.


 She had to be shocked.


 Because she was in Heavenly Court now, this was such an important place that was managed for countless years, the defense was extremely tight, how could tremors occur for no reason?


 The tremors continued, this situation attracted the attention of many Gu Immortals.


 Granny Sha stopped refining Gu, she had an expression of shock.


 Wei Ling Yang walked out of his hall and looked around.


 Fairy Zi Wei could not sit anymore, she left the hall and heard some dragon roars vaguely in the tremors.


 The dragon roars were getting louder, Heavenly Court was shaking with even more intensity now.


 Under Fairy Zi Wei’s shocked gaze, a dragon shaped pillar of light soared to the sky from deep within Heavenly Court.


 “That place, is that deep within the immortal graveyard?” Don’t tell me, a senior has awakened?” Fairy Zi Wei frowned.


 At this time, Granny Sha and Wei Ling Yang came to her.


 “Such a scene inside the immortal graveyard, it must be a senior from Heavenly Court. But I wonder which one?” Granny Sha deduced.


 Wei Ling Yang said: “The immortal graveyard is unfathomable and mysterious, even we do not know how many Gu Immortals are slumbering in it. But Heavenly Court has experienced such huge tremors, this person who woke up must be very extraordinary!”


 Granny Sha nodded, she was also someone who had woken up from hibernation, but when she woke up, Heavenly Court was peaceful and quiet, without any commotion. It was a clear contrast to now.


 Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply: “We’ll know if we go and see.”


 The three immortals flew deep into the immortal graveyard, only to see a huge pit that had formed on the plain grassland.


 Inside the pit, there was a withered and weak old man.


 The old man saw the three Gu Immortals and quickly opened a slit of his eyes with much difficulty, saying weakly: “Water, water...”


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly went ahead and used her healing methods.


 Granny Sha and Wei Ling Yang looked at each other, the commotion was huge, but to think that this person was so weak when they saw him.


 This was really surprising.


 “My healing methods are not working.” At this time, Fairy Zi Wei frowned as she spoke.


 Wei Ling Yang quickly went ahead and used all his methods, but nothing was working on the old man.


 Wei Ling Yang said solemnly: “Not good, this senior’s body is very strange, my methods are not working. Senior’s life force is dwindling, at this rate, he will die in less than a few minutes.”


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined, she analyzed: “Earlier, senior said water, it must be a method to save him. Ordinary water would not work, then what water does he need?”


 Granny Sha was a refinement path expert, she used her healing methods as she said: “There are three fires in this world, and also three waters. They are all rank nine immortal materials, Heavenly Court has stock of all of them, bring them here.”


 But the three types of water had no effect.


 The old man could barely breathe, he was dying.


 The three immortals were anxious, what should they do?”


 Fairy Zi Wei suddenly pointed at the old man’s head: “Senior’s forehead had two protrusions, what are these rock-like things?”


 Granny Sha was reminded as inspiration flashed in her mind: “I know what water it is!”


 She took out the true dragon heavenly water, pouring this rank eight immortal material into the old man’s mouth.


 The old man obtained this water and his life force surged, his body started inflating, soon, his throat started moving, he had the strength to drink this water himself.


 The result was immediate!


 The three immortals were overjoyed.


 After the old man drank five hundred grams of true dragon heavenly water, he pushed Granny Sha’s hands away.


 Granny Sha understood and stopped feeding him.


 The old man stood up shakily.


 He was different from before.


 His dry skin had been puffed up, his entire facial shape had changed, he no longer looked like a skeleton.


 He opened his aged eyes as he looked at the three immortals, sighing: “This is the last time I can awaken, true dragon heavenly water is not effective now, five hundred grams is enough, any more is a waste. I sensed that someone was using the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method, I can smell traces of fate, I had no choice but to wake up.”


 “You, you are Duke Long?!” Fairy Zi Wei stared with wide opened eyes, tongue-tied.


 “That would be me.”



***
Chapter 1229 - Love Gu (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Zhao Lian Yun was brought into a small secret room in her daze.


 “Where is this?” She opened her eyes, looking around.


 This secret room was extremely quiet, a bone chilling silence was embedded into every brick in this room, and every inch of the wall.


 The secret room was not bright, it was dim like only a candle was lit, sending out faint traces of light, Zhao Lian Yun could barely see anything.


 “Come here.” From the traces of light, an aged voice spoke.


 Zhao Lian Yun followed the direction of the voice.


 As she got closer, she saw an elderly person who was as aged as that voice.


 She was the first supreme elder of Spirit Affinity House.


 First supreme elder looked at Zhao Lian Yun with a deep glance, focusing her attention on love Gu, which was on Zhao Lian Yun’s shoulder.


 Her gaze moved slightly, she quickly calmed down.


 “Kneel down.” First supreme elder said.


 Zhao Lian Yun felt that even though this old woman did not feel special, she had an immense authority, her calm words carried force that made people feel obliged to obey her.


 Thus, Zhao Lian Yun lowered her head as she saw a cushion on the ground.


 She knelt down on the cushion, her upper body was straight as she looked at the old woman.


 The old woman said: “Look ahead.”


 Zhao Lian Yun looked ahead, she saw that the secret room was getting bright, Zhao Lian Yun gasped as she stared with wide opened eyes.


 Because she saw that on the wall in front, there were countless jade-like small tablets.


 “These are life tablet Gu, each of the names there is a certain fairy of Spirit Affinity House in the past. From the first generation until now...” First supreme elder said slowly.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s breathing intensified, her gaze swept past this wall, there were countless tablets, she was dazzled.


 At the top left hand corner, there was a tablet, with the first generation fairy’s name written, Shui Ni.


 Second generation fairy, Xun Yu.


 Third generation fairy, Hui Xin.


 ...


 She also saw Mo Yao, Lian Xiang, and other familiar names.


 Zhao Lian Yun looked at these names, her breathing became rough. She was like a child, staring at the night sky that was flickering with countless stars.


 She knew that these people were all past stars in the Gu Immortal world. Every generation of Spirit Affinity House’s fairies was a Gu Immortal that was famous in Central Continent! They were extraordinary and unrivaled. They were like pearls that were linked together, from the past to the present, they weaved Spirit Affinity House’s future, leaving behind dazzling brilliance and glory throughout history.


 Zhao Lian Yun was dazed, at this moment, first supreme elder spoke: “From now onwards, you are the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House. Your life tablet Gu is already at the lowest position.”


 At this moment, Zhao Lian Yun’s heart froze.


 She stared with wide opened eyes, looking at the old lady, she was overjoyed but had endless doubts: “How can this be? Am I dreaming? According to Spirit Affinity House’s rules, I am not qualified yet, I...”


 She said this until she thought of something, she turned her gaze away as she looked at love Gu on her shoulder: “Is it because of this Gu?”


 First supreme elder nodded slightly: “This is love Gu, you have already received love Gu’s acknowledgement.”


 After Zhao Lian Yun fainted, when she woke up, she was already inside this secret room.


 She was unsure of what love Gu looked like, but she knew that love Gu was the signature Gu of Spirit Affinity House!


 “Is this love Gu?!” Zhao Lian Yun’s body shook, her voice was also off pitch.


 First supreme elder nodded again.


 Zhao Lian Yun breathed intensely, intense joy was in her heart, it slowly oozed out as she felt like fortune had hit her in her head.


 But this bliss was too sudden, it was too great, she did not feel any joy, she felt some fear and uneasiness.


 She was afraid that everything was fake, she was worried that this was just a dream after she fainted.


 Thus, she stared with wide opened eyes, asking first supreme elder nervously: “Why?”


 This why contained too many questions.


 Why did love Gu choose her?


 Why did she become Spirit Affinity House’s fairy?


 Why did all this happen?


 First supreme elder did not answer her, she sighed deeply as she said slowly: “You must have read >, among which, one chapter said this.”


 Ren Zu obtained love, courage, and betrayal, he was no longer unable to progress due to fear.


 He continued to move forward.


 On this day, he walked on his road, hearing a voice behind: “Oh Ren Zu, I finally found you. Slow down, wait for me.”


 Ren Zu stopped moving, turning around. He saw a snowman running up to him.


 “What is it, snowman.” Ren Zu asked curiously.


 The snowman said: “Oh Ren Zu, I finally found you. I am the strongest snowman in my tribe, snowmen are said to be afraid of fire, I want to prove that it is untrue. I traveled the world, I have already conquered the bright light glorious ring fire in the sky, the azure divine stone furnace fire in the earth, and the raging wave rising dragon fire in the sea. But I heard that there is a fourth type of fire in this world, called the fire of love. Once it burns, it can turn all life forms in this world into cinders. I do not believe it, I heard that you have just obtained love Gu, thus I wanted to try it.”


 “Fire of love?” Ren Zu was surprised, he was hearing it for the first time.


 Thus, he called out love Gu, asking: “Oh Gu, oh Gu, can you emit the fire of love?”


 Love Gu replied: “I can, and I cannot.”


 Ren Zu and the snowman were curious, they asked: “What do you mean by can and cannot?”


 Love Gu explained: “I can because I am necessary in order to emit the fire of love. But I cannot, because I alone am not sufficient, two hearts are needed.”


 “Two hearts?” The snowman was worried, she took out her heart from her chest.


 This heart was huge and tough, it was emitting strong pressure.


 The snowman said: “This is my heart of domination, it is a pity that I only have one heart.”


 Ren Zu said: “Don’t worry, I have a heart too.”


 Ren Zu originally had one heart, but he gave it to hope Gu.


 He next obtained a heart of loneliness, self Gu was residing within it.


 He also had a heart of discontent.


 Thus, right now, he took out the heart of discontent.


 The heart of discontent was dry and shriveled, it was small and weak, because this heart had little blood left. Ren Zu had once used almost all of his heart blood in Ordinary Abyss, to grow the grass and trees of achievement.


 Love Gu flew into the heart of discontent and flew out, it flew into the heart of domination and flew out again.


 It flew into the sky and said: “Alright, you want the fire of love, let these two hearts clash.”


 The snowman and Ren Zu took out their respective hearts, putting them together.


 Crackle, sparks were created.


 The sparks grew rapidly, turning into a blazing flame.


 Fire of love!


 The fire of love burned on Ren Zu’s heart of discontent, it instantly turned this heart into ashes.


 Ren Zu was stunned.


 Love Gu said: “Love has a price, it makes people willing to sacrifice.”


 The snowman laughed: “Oh Ren Zu, thankfully you have two hearts, otherwise, without a heart, you would die.”


 The snowman turned to look at the heart of domination in her hand.


 The fire of love enveloped this heart, but this heart shone brighter and brighter.


 The snowman was nonchalant: “Oh what, this fire of love only has an impressive appearance, it neither has the heat of bright light glorious ring fire, or the heaviness of azure divine stone furnace fire, or the chaos of raging wave rising dragon fire.”


 As she said, she placed the heart of domination into her chest.


 Next, her body started bursting out in flames, she started melting like snowflakes under the sun.


 She turned pale from shock, she quickly patted and attempted to put out the fire of love.


 But the fire of love could not be extinguished.


 Eventually, the snowman completely melted, only her heart was left, burning in raging flames.


 Ren Zu was extremely shocked, he felt that this snowman was very strong, to think that she would vanish like this.


 “The fire of love is so scary.” Ren Zu was shocked.


 Love Gu said: “The result of love varies from heart to heart. The heart of the snowman was domination, but you had the heart of discontent, and it was completely burned from the fire. Thus, this was the result. Actually, there are good results that can occur when the fire of love burns.”


 The results of love varied, each experience of love was a risk and gamble.


 Ren Zu suddenly thought of something, becoming stirred up: “Oh love Gu, you said that love can make people willing to sacrifice. This is wonderful, I will fall in love with the feathermen and make them willing to fly for me, so that they can save my daughter from Ordinary Abyss.”


 Right at this moment, a voice could be heard: “Father, father.”


 From the burning flames of the heart of domination, a boy jumped out.


 He was Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance.


 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance jumped into Ren Zu’s arms as he said: “Father, father, so I have a sister as well. I support you, let’s go save sister.”


 Ren Zu was extremely overjoyed, he rubbed Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance’s head as he said: “My son, you are so smart and sensible!”


 Ren Zu brought Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance and went on a journey again, not long after, they returned to the gathering spot of the feathermen.


 Ren Zu took out his heart of loneliness, saying to the feathermen: “Do you all have hearts?”


 The feathermen answered: “We all have the heart of freedom.”


 Ren Zu laughed: “Then let us fall in love, I have a heart too, as well as love Gu.”


 The feathermen shook their heads: “The heart of freedom will be completely burned in the fire of love.”


 The process of pursuing love was also the process of losing freedom.


 Ren Zu was persistent: “The results of love vary from hearts to hearts. Don’t just look at one heart, my heart of loneliness is part of the process too.”


 But no matter how Ren Zu urged, the feathermen would not agree.



***
Chapter 1230 - Love Gu (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Ren Zu was helpless, he asked love Gu: “Oh Gu, oh Gu, they don’t want to love me, you have to help me, and ignite the fire of love in our hearts.”


 Love Gu sighed: “This is beyond my abilities. I cannot force others to love, no matter what heart, it has to collide on its own free will.”


 Ren Zu shook his head: “No, this is a good chance to save my daughter, I cannot give up. Self Gu, I will rely on you.”


 Self Gu nodded, using its own strength.


 It had once eaten a mouthful of strength Gu, right now, Ren Zu had his own strength.


 Thus, these feathermen were all captured by Ren Zu, their hearts to dug out and used to collide with Ren Zu’s heart.


 But no matter how they collided, there were no hearts that created the spark of love.


 Love Gu sighed: “Oh Ren Zu, forcing others to love is impossible, you will only create hatred.”


 As it said that, a Gu worm appeared before Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu took a look, it was hatred Gu indeed.


 Hatred Gu made all of the feathermen feel hatred.


 They shouted: “Oh Ren Zu, you are too much, you are bullying us, we will make you pay the price!”


 Thus, these feathermen flew up together, shining worms were flying out of their bodies, they were wild freedom Gu.


 The freedom Gu fused together into a gigantic freedom Gu.


 This freedom Gu easily took away Ren Zu’s love Gu.


 “Henceforth, love is free.” This giant freedom Gu said.


 Ren Zu’s self Gu quickly flew out, it wanted to snatch love Gu, but it could not overpower freedom Gu, it only managed to take a bite of love Gu.


 Self Gu said angrily: “Love, also belongs to oneself!”


 ...


 After Zhao Lian Yun heard first supreme elder’s words, she was still in a daze.


 Stories in > were widely spread, Zhao Lian Yun had seen them many times in her childhood, but she always thought of them as fictitious tales.


 As a matter of fact, she did not expect that this strict granny would talk to her about > in such a heavy and serious atmosphere.


 Spirit Affinity House’s first supreme elder saw Zhao Lian Yun’s expression and knew that she had never paid close attention to >.


 Thus, first supreme elder said: “The love Gu on your shoulder is rank nine, but it has a major flaw.”


 “What flaw?” Zhao Lian Yun asked.


 “It cannot be refined.” First supreme elder said solemnly.


 “What do you mean? Even... Gu Immortals cannot refine it?” Zhao Lian Yun asked.


 First supreme elder smiled: “Not to mention Gu Immortals, even rank nine venerables cannot. In history, many venerables have tried. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had attempted to refine this Gu for three years in a row without pause, but he still failed miserably.”


 Zhao Lian Yun heard this secret and stared with wide opened eyes.


 “So there are things in this world that Immortal Venerables or Demon Venerables cannot do!” She exclaimed.


 “Venerables only have the strongest battle strength, invincible in this world. But they are not omnipotent, in the past, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to ask Long Hair Ancestor for help in terms of Gu refinement, this is an obvious conclusion.” First supreme elder spoke slowly.


 “Thus, love Gu cannot be controlled, it is free and nobody can give it orders.” First supreme elder concluded.


 “But why did it...” Zhao Lian Yun did not know what to say, she looked at love Gu on her shoulder.


 In her vision, love Gu was so dazzling and bright.


 First supreme elder said: “This is the acknowledgement of love Gu, this situation is rare, but it has happened quite a number of times before. The last time was Fairy Mo Yao.”


 “Why did it acknowledge me?” Zhao Lian Yun was curious.


 First supreme elder shook her head: “I am not sure. But our sect has concluded two points. Firstly, a person has to believe in love to gain its acknowledgement, this is the foundation. Secondly, someone’s love has to reach an intense level, the greater your love, the higher the chances of gaining love Gu’s acknowledgement.”


 “Is that so?” Zhao Lian Yun blinked as she listened.


 She realized, it was because she loved Ma Hong Yun so deeply, even willing to give up her own life, that love Gu came and acknowledged her.


 Why did this not happen for Feng Jin Huang?


 Because she had no lover.


 Love was not familial affection or friendship.


 First supreme elder continued: “Precisely because love Gu cannot be controlled, to make use of it, one needs love Gu’s acknowledgement. Thus, there is a rule in our sect since we were created. Anyone who gains love Gu’s acknowledgement, be it female or male, would be our sect’s current generation fairy.”


 Zhao Lian Yun blinked: “There are male fairies too?”


 First supreme elder smiled: “Our sect has a large proportion of females, but we also have males. Why would we not have them? Look at that tablet in the center, named Sheng Yu Shan, at the bottom right corner, with Qian Yuan Liang, these are all people dedicated to love in our sect’s history.”


 “Actually, love Gu has many special effects. For example, it has a different appearance as seen by different people. How does it appear to you now?”


 Zhao Lian Yun replied honestly: “Dazzling with multi-colored rainbows.”


 First supreme elder nodded: “To my sight, it is grey and unattractive, like a rock by the roadside.”


 “How could this be?”


 First supreme elder smiled lightly, deep wisdom hidden in her eyes: “I stopped believing in love long ago, thus, love Gu looks like that to me. In the generations of fairies, love Gu has always looked different, some see clear water, some see peach blossoms, there were countless forms that were observed.”


 “And also, love Gu has varying effects.”


 “Please enlighten me.” Zhao Lian Yun said.


 First supreme elder continued: “Normally speaking, a Gu worm, be it mortal or immortal, has only one effect. Like water arrow Gu, it can only shoot water arrows. But love Gu is different, it can be said to have unlimited effects. It can shoot fire, heal, or provide defense for instance.”


 Zhao Lian Yun became overjoyed as she listened: “So amazing!”


 First supreme elder shook her head: “Love Gu is a rank nine Gu, it is naturally extraordinary. It has unlimited effects, but it cannot be controlled, if you want it to attack, it will bring you to fly away. If you want to defend, it will heal you. Often, when you want it to work, it does absolutely nothing. When you do not want it to activate, it will come out and unleash its might.”


 Zhao Lian Yun was a little disheartened, but she soon gathered her spirits: “Even so, it is a rank nine Immortal Gu, any of the effects used must be extraordinary.”


 First supreme elder said: “You are right, but you forgot something, strength cannot be gained from nothing, you have to pay a price. Every time love Gu is used, it will take something away from you.”


 Zhao Lian Yun was nervous: “What thing?”


 “The most common thing is immortal essence. But you are not a Gu Immortal, it might take away your beauty, your eyesight, or your lifespan.” First supreme elder said grimly.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s expression was pale, she looked at the love Gu on her shoulder again.


 But now, her gaze was very different from before.


 “This Immortal Gu might end up accelerating my death? If that is the case, I need to make good use of my time!” Zhao Lian Yun made a resolute decision.


 She mustered her spirits, saying to first supreme elder: “Even if I have a pay a big price, I will save Ma Hong Yun. Elder, if I become Spirit Affinity House’s current generation fairy, can I use the sect’s power to return to Northern Plains?”


 First supreme elder did not answer Zhao Lian Yun immediately.


 She had a complex expression.


 A while ago, Heavenly Court’s Duke Long awakened, when news got out, the ten great ancient sects were stirred!


 Duke Long was on par with Bo Qing in terms of strength. With just his own power, he created a brand new race, the dragonman.


 In other words, he was the ancestor of dragonmen.


 He had a legendary life, but his reputation was not high, buried deep in history. Even in the ten great ancient sects, barely anyone knew of him.


 Duke Long had great seniority, he was unbelievably old, when he woke up, Fairy Zi Wei immediately gave up her position as leader, handing it to Duke Long.


 The other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were all in agreement.


 Duke Long used information path methods and understood the situation, he immediately ordered for Zhao Lian Yun to be Spirit Affinity House’s current generation fairy.


 Not just that, Duke Long even gave Zhao Lian Yun a phantom aperture, turning her into a Gu Immortal. More absurdly, he even ordered the ten great ancient sects to cooperate with Zhao Lian Yun, to bring a team to Northern Plains and save Ma Hong Yun after some time.


 The ten great ancient sects were in tumult, but they all obeyed him without objection.


 Because of historical reasons, nobody dared to question Duke Long’s arrangements regarding love Gu.


 Such news were not for Zhao Lian Yun to know about.


 First supreme elder also did not want her to know.


 Zhao Lian Yun was kneeling before her now, but she had fainted for a few days already. She would not know that the ten great ancient sects were engaged in a contest regarding the huge storm surrounding her.


 Zhao Lian Yun saw that first supreme elder did not answer her, she became very nervous. She was afraid that first supreme elder would say no.


 But first supreme elder soon said: “Zhao Lian Yun, you are an otherworldly demon who obtained the Thieving Heaven true inheritance. Perhaps you might be one of the most unique fairies in Spirit Affinity House.”


 “And maybe because of your special traits...”


 “Don’t worry, Heavenly Court has been alerted by this, the ten great ancient sects will go ahead and form a team consisting of you as the core, to rescue your lover Ma Hong Yun in Northern Plains.”


 “What?!” Zhao Lian Yun stared with wide opened eyes, hearing this, she was extremely joyful and surprised!



***
Chapter 1231 - Water Path Quasi-Grandmaster


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Southern Border, super Gu formation.


 Ba Quan Feng looked in Wu clan’s direction, wondering discontentedly: “What is going on? This Wu Yi Hai is so patient, he is cultivating in seclusion and not going outside?”


 He found it hard to believe.


 Wu clan’s members usually acted overbearingly, once in a while, they would find trouble with others.


 Wu Yi Hai was Wu Yong’s half-brother, he had very high status in Wu clan. But he actually chose to cultivate in seclusion and normally did not interact with Gu Immortals.


 Ba De shook his head.


 He said solemnly: “Now it seems, this Wu Yi Hai is not simple at all.”


 “Or rather, he is even harder to deal with than the rank seven Wu clan Gu Immortal earlier.”


 Ba Quan Feng laughed:” How can that be? He is merely a lone cultivator from Eastern Sea.”


 Old Treeman Ba De looked at Ba Quan Feng: “If he is only an ordinary lone cultivator, how can he manage this immortal opportunity business so outstandingly? Even if we place pressure on the business, we cannot do anything to Wu Yi Hai.”


 “These last days, we have prepared many ways, but this person completely ignored us, facing our taunts, he chose to stay silent and endure it. Such a person is far more dangerous than other Wu clan Gu Immortals.”


 Ba Quan Feng’s expression changed, he breathed in deeply: “Lord Old Treeman, even you give him high praise, it seems this person is really outstanding. Why don’t we go and ruin this immortal opportunity business, to force him to act?”


 Ba De shook his head: “Impossible, he will definitely not do anything. If we expose this matter, the immortal opportunity business will certainly fall apart since it is not allowed in the first place. But we will not be able to harm Wu Yi Hai, and we will even offend the six other clans with them, all of their animosity will be drawn towards us. By then, Wu Yi Hai would benefit from it and unite them to form an even tighter political force.”


 Ba Quan Feng stared with wide opened eyes, bellowing: “Then what do we do?”


 “Wait.”


 “Wait?”


 “Wait for an opportunity.” Old Treeman Ba De said: “The opportunity that we can create right now is small and insignificant. In that case, we wait for a better opportunity in the future.”


 Ba Quan Feng gritted his teeth: “Then wouldn’t Wu clan be above us? How long would we need to wait, we might have to wait for a very long time.”


 Old Treeman Ba De’s expression turned cold, he no longer spoke, only looking at Ba Quan Feng silently.


 Ba Quan Feng felt an immense pressure from his gaze.


 He took three steps back, lowering his head as sweat appeared on his forehead: “Lord, I... I...”


 “You are too rash Little Feng, these last days, your mental state is not right.” Ba De said slowly.


 “Yes, yes lord, I was wrong.” Ba Quan Feng obediently admitted his mistake in an earnest manner.


 “Wu clan indeed lost a rank eight Gu Immortal, but they are still a huge force. The other clans are observing Wu clan, but nobody wants to strike first, because we have not uncovered Wu clan’s true foundation yet. If Ba clan is the first to jump out and is met with Wu clan’s iron fist, we would suffer a loss, while the other clans would benefit, do you understand?”


 “Yes, I will remember lord’s words.”


 “You will stay in seclusion, if Wu Yi Hai does not come out, you will also stay inside.” Ba De said expressionlessly.


 “Yes, lord.” Ba Quan Feng had a bitter expression as he acknowledged this, before taking his leave.


 Fang Yuan was still inside a dream realm.


 The Gu Immortals outside all thought he was undergoing closed cultivation, most Gu Immortals thought that this was Wu Yi Hai’s trait as an Eastern Sea lone cultivator, he had not adjusted his mindset. After all, lone immortals and secluded immortals loved to enter secluded cultivation.


 A small portion, including Ba De, thought that Fang Yuan was purposely doing this to deal with their political methods.


 But nobody thought that Fang Yuan was secretly exploring the dream realm!


 Inside the dream realm, it was now a crucial moment.


 Young Master Long had already gained a huge advantage in battle, he laughed at Fang Yuan: “You no longer stand a chance, you cannot win. If you surrender now, you can still save some face.”


 Fang Yuan was covered in injuries, he was breathing roughly as he gritted his teeth, not speaking.


 This was the seventh scene of the dream realm.


 Fang Yuan’s cultivation level was also at rank five.


 But Young Master Long was even stronger than him, at rank five peak stage.


 Not only that, Young Master Long had many useful Gu worms, and with his dragonman constitution, be it the defense of his dragon scales, or the regenerative properties of his dragon blood, they were on par with rank five Gu worms.


 His advantage was too huge!


 Be it cultivation level, Gu worms, or his own human body, Fang Yuan was suppressed heavily by Young Master Long.


 It was already a huge surprise to the spectators in the dream realm that the fight lasted this long.


 In their opinion, even though Fang Yuan’s spirit was commendable, this battle’s result was already decided.


 “Now, you have less than five percent of your primeval essence, let’s see how you block my attack!” Young Master Long shouted as he pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan was in a bad state, his gaze was very clear, as he counted down in his head.


 After several failed explorations, he had already learned that he did not need to defeat Young Master Long in this battle, he needed to stall for time, he needed sufficient time.


 Once time was up, a chance would occur.


 “Seven breaths of time left. This time, I should give it a try, immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!” Fang Yuan called out in his mind.


 Ping.


 Young Master Long, who was approaching imposingly and arrogantly as he took large steps towards Fang Yuan, suddenly fell face down on the ground, after tripping over a rock.


 The entire arena turned silent.


 All of the female Gu Masters who were cheering for Young Master Long since the start of the battle went quiet.


 “How could I make such a mistake?!” Young Master Long had a jade-like appearance, but his face was flushing red as he turned angry from shame.


 He quickly got up, shouting as he charged at Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan could only barely stand now, his injuries were too severe.


 He was simply waiting for his defeat, the entire place started cheering for Young Master Long again.


 “Go, Young Master Long! Defeat this overconfident challenger!”


 “Ah, I will remember this scene in my heart. Young Master Long is so charming, if only I could stand beside him, that would be great.”


 “If he could talk to me, I would be satisfied in this life.”


 The male Gu Masters were roaring, the female Gu Masters were calling out while cupping their hands or holding their faces.


 Immortal killer move — Unravel Dream!


 Fang Yuan could only use this again, because he could no longer put up a fight in this battle.


 Whoosh.


 A soft sound echoed.


 Young Master Long’s movement paused.


 He was taking large steps, and was ready to win the battle, but now, an unexpected accident occurred again.


 Maybe because he took steps that were too large, or maybe his clothes were torn in the fight earlier, but now, his pants entirely ripped.


 Wind blew, young master Long felt a chill in his crotch.


 The entire place went silent.


 Even Fang Yuan was surprised, thinking: “The effect of unravel dream currently is really quite peculiar.”


 “Ah—!” Suddenly, female Gu Masters screamed.


 The place went into a clamor.


 “What is happening?”


 “Hahahaha!”


 “Young Master Long’s pants ripped.”


 “So Young Master Long does not wear underwear.”


 The male Gu Masters were watching with interest while the female Gu Masters were covering their faces, using the gaps between their fingers to continue watching secretly.


 But the view was quite disappointing.


 “So Young Master Long’s.... is this small.”


 Young Master Long: “...”


 His body was shaking intensely, his face was completely red, veins were popping on his forehead, his expression was extremely scary and malicious.


 “Ahhhh! I will kill you!!” The shame in his heart was driving Young Master Long crazy, he pounced at Fang Yuan ferociously.


 However, Fang Yuan smiled like a winner.


 At the next moment, seven breaths of time had passed.


 Plop.


 With a soft sound, Young Master Long’s entire body self-detonated.


 His dragon blood splattered on Fang Yuan’s face.


 The entire place went into a commotion.


 “Young, Young Master Long!”


 “Why did this happen?!” Several female Gu Masters fainted on the spot.


 “Did Young Master Long kill himself due to the shame and embarrassment?”


 “It must be him.” A Gu Master pointed at Fang Yuan: “He must have used some evil method to kill Young Master Long. He is a blood path demon!”


 Boom boom boom.


 At the next moment, the spectating dragonmen all self-detonated one after another.


 At once, blood splattered all over the place, the surviving Gu Masters were in chaos.


 Fang Yuan blinked, worried that these people would bring problems to him, but suddenly, the dream realm transformed as a new scene appeared.


 “Puff, this seventh scene is finally over.” Fang Yuan let out a breath.


 He had been stuck at this seventh scene for three days. According to the special trait of the dream realm, he had to go through scene by scene, otherwise, he would need to repeat it endlessly.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan left the dream realm after failing the eighth scene.


 After regaining his senses, he treated his injuries.


 The dream realm caused severe damage to the soul.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was outstanding, and with guts Gu, these injuries were no problem.


 More than ten breaths later, Fang Yuan’s soul was as good as before.


 Next, he inspected his gains.


 “Hmm, not bad, my water path attainment level has already reached quasi-grandmaster.”


 Fang Yuan’s water path attainment level was originally ordinary, it was not even master level. But the main character of this dream realm was a water path cultivator.


 By the time Fang Yuan got to the seventh scene, his water path attainment level went from ordinary to master, after he passed the seventh scene, it became extremely close to grandmaster.


 “It seems that the protagonist of this dream realm had very high achievements, they were definitely higher than rank six.”


 “Now that I have water path attainment level, I can annex most of those blessed lands inside City Well, in Eastern Sea. Wonderful, wonderful!”



***
Chapter 1232 - Body Refinement


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 “However, the mortal Gu for unravel dream were expended greatly. Right now, I can use less than ten unravel dreams.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan frowned lightly.


 This was a problem.


 Unravel dream was very effective, but the expenditure of dream path mortal Gu was huge.


 And because these dream path mortal Gu were all refined by Fang Yuan solely, he could not raise their production.


 Give these dream path Gu recipes to Lang Ya Sect and get the hairy man Gu Immortals to refine Gu for him?


 Fang Yuan did not even consider this.


 At this time period, the value of these dream path mortal Gu was higher than Immortal Gu!


 Of course, Fang Yuan believed that Lang Ya land spirit could afford to pay this, but there was no absolute secret in this world, if it was exposed, the impact would be too big.


 Fang Yuan was at the peak of the five regions in terms of dream realm exploration, if these dream path mortal Gu recipes were known to others, his advantage would be gone.


 This was what Fang Yuan did not want to see.


 Thus, he would rather refine them himself, even though the production was lower, he had to keep it strictly to himself. As long as he did not expose it, who would know?


 “I cannot get others to help, but I can make use of things like spring dream fruit trees to raise the efficiency of my dream path mortal Gu refinement.” Fang Yuan thought of the spring dream fruit tree again.


 Spring dream fruit trees were a very special type of plant.


 It existed in dreams and did not have solid form. But it needed a real living tree as its foundation to survive.


 Fang Yuan knew of one spring dream fruit tree, it was at the base of a nameless mountain in Central Continent.


 This volcano erupted every several hundred years, the large amounts of volcanic ash created fertile soil in the surroundings. Thus, many people lived there.


 Fang Yuan had once harvested the fruits of this spring dream fruit tree, they helped him greatly.


 But Fang Yuan could not transplant this spring dream fruit tree.


 The spring dream fruit tree at the base of the volcano was residing with a thousand year fire date tree. If Fang Yuan moved it, the spring dream fruit tree would be destroyed.


 And Central Continent was a lions’ den to Fang Yuan now, he could not go there.


 Familiar face could allow him to disguise himself, but he could not avoid wisdom path Gu Immortals’ deductions. Dark limit Immortal Gu could help him, but it was only rank six, that was not enough.


 Fang Yuan could not solve this problem currently, it was out of his abilities.


 And he also could not find a second spring dream fruit tree, he had no such methods, he could only give up.


 After resting for a while, Fang Yuan did not rush into the dream realm.


 He needed to deduce the eighth scene.


 He was a wisdom path grandmaster, deducing things in advance could help him to explore the dream realm.


 This was his advantage, he obviously made use of it.


 In terms of wisdom path, he did not lack attainment level, but Immortal Gu instead. Unravel Mystery was his only wisdom path Immortal Gu, it was alone without any accompanying wisdom path killer moves, thus, Unravel Mystery had little use.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was barely making use of it.


 In terms of wisdom path, he was not focusing on developing it currently, so Fang Yuan was keeping things in this state.


 Deductions were not just for dream realm, but also Fang Yuan’s current environment and situation.


 “If I guessed correctly, Ba clan is my biggest enemy. Earlier, they looked for many ways to find trouble with me but I solved it all, now it seems that they want to observe on the sidelines.”


 Ba clan’s passive state was making Fang Yuan feel wary.


 If they did not do anything, Fang Yuan would not know what they were thinking, preparing, or scheming. If they took action, Fang Yuan could sense their plan and deal with it, resolving whatever problems they sent to him.


 “All in all, the situation is quite good, Wu Yi Hai’s identity is really useful now.”


 “The weakness of the immortal opportunity business was no longer an issue after my arrangement, it became a scheme displayed right in front of me. Maybe I can trap some stupid Gu Immortals?”


 After all, wisdom path Gu Immortals were few in numbers.


 Even if there were wisdom path Gu Immortals, they might not be righteous, if they did not know the rules of the righteous path, it was impossible.


 As for Wu An or Wu Liao, they were doing their work properly, Fang Yuan did not have to bother with them.


 Wu Liao had come to report some matters to Fang Yuan earlier, but Fang Yuan was determined to leave the work to them, he said that he was not to be bothered unless there were major matters.


 Wu Liao was extremely disappointed, thinking that Fang Yuan was the same as the previous rank seven, his attitude towards Fang Yuan turned cold.


 Fang Yuan sensed this easily but ignored it.


 This giant dream realm was expanding slowly at all times.


 When Fang Yuan secretly explored it, the dream realm would shrink, but to the entire dream realm, it was just a small portion, it only would slow down the speed of the dream realm’s expansion.


 He could easily conceal it.


 Those demonic path and lone immortals who explored the dream realm through the immortal opportunity business were Fang Yuan’s greatest concealment.


 These people usually met with difficulties in the dream realm, but there were one or two of them who could bring out dream path materials even though they failed the exploration.


 These dream path materials could naturally refine dream path Gu worms.


 These Gu Immortals treated them like treasure, even though only a small number had gains, the remaining Gu Immortals were extremely excited.


 The righteous path clans were also secretly purchasing the Gu materials from these Gu Immortals.


 Wu clan was no exception.


 However, the Gu Immortals who gained dream path Gu materials rarely chose to sell them, they kept them as valuables.


 Wu clan only purchased around ten Gu materials, Fang Yuan did not dare to touch these materials, Wu clan was keeping a close eye on them.


 After resting for a while, Fang Yuan went into the dream realm.


 It was not the giant dream realm, but his own dream.


 To get dream path Gu materials, one’s own dream realm was the best and safest option.


 Unfortunately, these Gu Immortals did not know that.


 Southern Border, Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.


 At the center of a huge Gu formation, Bai Ning Bing sat down with difficulty.


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was in the air, manipulating the Gu formation.


 The Gu formation operated silently, multi-colored lights were flickering from time to time, gathering in a stream, or splitting up like flowers, flying around aimlessly.


 Bai Ning Bing had a pale expression, but his aura was much more stable than before.


 This was because the Gu formation was enduring a portion of the pressure for him. He used his body to contain the raging wave rising dragon fire, it was truly too reckless, his life was on the line.


 “Next is the most important step, we will target the raging wave rising dragon fire in your body!” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit had a solemn expression: “Young master, you need to persevere and be completely focused, you need to coordinate with the Gu formation and suppress the raging wave rising dragon fire. The entire process will take forty-nine days. During that period, you will not get any rest, if I do not say stop, it would not have ended yet. Even at the final moment, if you lose concentration, you will die for sure.”


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes were seeing stars, he felt dizzy, almost unable to sit properly.


 In this situation, not to mention forty-nine days, he would not even last half a day.


 In this critical junction, his lips curled up, he was smiling.


 “Hehehe, this is so fun.”


 “According to my current condition, this is an impossible task...”


 “This can test the true limits of my body.”


 “Even if I die like this, it is very interesting!”


 His body was tired, but he was very energetic in his mind.


 Breathing in deeply, Bai Ning Bing called out to Bai Xiang heavenly spirit: “Why are you waiting, aren’t you going to start?”


 Bai Xiang heavenly spirit smiled as he thought: “I had waited so long for this young master to arrive, he seems to be quite capable, he has no fear towards death.”


 Thinking so, Bai Xiang heavenly spirit activated the Gu formation.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, brilliant lights burst out of the Gu formation, spreading over the entire place.


 “Ah—!” Bai Ning Bing screamed as he raised his head.


 A huge flame burst out of his eyes, nose, mouth, and ears.


 Raging flames spread over his body, turning Bai Ning Bing into a human shaped fire pillar.


 Pain, pain, pain!


 Bai Ning Bing was someone who would not frown even if he was heavily injured, but now, he had no such composure, he screamed loudly in pain.


 Simply because the pain was too intense, he had to do this to vent the anguish.


 Bai Ning Bing was originally expecting the pain of a burning fire. But in fact, it was not like this.


 While screaming, he realized something: This humans alike dragons Gu refinement method not only targeted the raging wave rising dragon fire but Bai Ning Bing himself. Be it his body or soul, or the dao marks in his body, they were all melted and separated under the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method.


 This was the same as processing Bai Ning Bing as an immortal material, the pain was simply too immense to describe.


 “Hang on, hang on!” Bai Xiang heavenly spirit screamed anxiously.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes already had turned over to show the whites, the intense pain sent him into despair, he was in a state of being close to unconsciousness.


 If he fainted, at that very moment, he would be burnt to a crisp by the raging dragon fire!


 Northern Plains, Snowy Mountain first peak.


 Ma Hong Yun was also screaming.


 “Ahhhh!” The veins on his neck were popping.


 Intense lightning danced in his body, Ma Hong Yun’s body was shaking intensely, he seemed to be spasming or dancing frantically.


 After a moment, the lightning faded, as Ma Hong Yun breathed roughly with sweat pouring out of his pores, he did not have any strength left.


 “Failed again?” Lady Wan Shou frowned, feeling slightly angry.


 Ma Hong Yun had already been lightning refined countless times, even though he suffered each time, he did not lack any limbs, he was still intact. Furthermore, his cultivation level had risen to rank five peak stage.


 This made Lady Wan Shou speechless.



***
Chapter 1233 - Gathering of Central Continent Gu Immortals


***





 



 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Central Continent.


 In a certain village.


 Rumble!


 Intense rumbling was occurring on the mountain.


 An endless amount of rocks and soil were falling down the mountain grandly like an avalanche.


 “Quickly escape for our lives!”


 “I am going to die, I am going to die...”


 “Father, where are you, don’t leave me behind!”


 Seeing the disaster unfold, the peaceful village exploded into complete chaos.


 Countless people were scurrying around in a frenzy, some were lying on the ground in despair, children were crying as mothers held onto them, many had given up resisting.


 In a situation without anyone noticing, a figure was floating in the sky.


 It was a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 He was dressed in a silky blue robe, his long hair extended to his shoulder, he was not brawny, but rather delicate looking.


 At this moment, he was frowning, muttering as he looked at the mud flow: “This mud flow is very strange.”


 Normally speaking, before the mud flow there would be huge rain, but now, the weather was sunny.


 The truth was, the environment of the surrounding tens of thousands of li had been secretly modified by the rank seven Gu Immortal, he could ensure a proper amount of rain and sun to gain plentiful harvests yearly.


 Plop.


 Mountain rocks suddenly burst apart, as a huge brass shell appeared from underneath.


 The rank seven Gu Immortal with a blue robe floated in the sky, looking at this extremely eye-catching scene.


 He frowned slightly, before it eased: “Oh. So it’s a swamp crab.”


 The swamp crab was a desolate beast, its body was covered in a hard shell, its eyes had vanished due to evolution, it had no weaknesses left.


 It was the king of the swamp among desolate beasts.


 The ten pairs of claws were extraordinarily firm, the first pair of pincers was more fearsome than steel poles, a pair of pincers that could break mountain rocks or cut a flood dragon in half! Its remaining eighteen claws, although thinner than the first pair, they were still thicker than hundred year old trees.


 The blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal saw this swamp crab and his eyes shone, feeling pleased.


 He was a water path Gu Immortal, this swamp crab had both earth path and water path dao marks. Killing it would give this blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal a lot of usable immortal materials.


 “But the swamp crab is only a desolate beast, if I nurture it well, it might grow into the ancient desolate beast muddy swamp crab, and above that, there is the mud coat swamp crab. The mud coat swamp crab is an immemorial desolate beast, I can stop dreaming about it. My immortal aperture blessed land cannot nurture an immemorial desolate beast, but I can try to get a muddy swamp crab.”


 Thinking of this, the blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal attacked.


 He extended his hand out of his wide sleeves.


 His skin was pale, and his fingers were slim.


 His ten fingers moved around elegantly, they were covered in layers of multi-colored lights.


 This was his special method to manipulate Gu worms!


 Soon, countless Gu worm auras rose in his body, there were mortal Gu and also Immortal Gu, different auras weaved together, creating a complex aura that spread everywhere.


 The swamp crab in the mountain had no eyes, but using its wild beast instinct, it acutely sensed the threat in the air.


 The swamp crab started to go back inside the mountain.


 Its huge brass shell had already half sunken into it.


 But at this moment, the blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal finished his preparations, his immortal killer move was unleashed!


 Rumble...


 Blue waves resembling the tides of the sea appeared out of nowhere, crashing towards the swamp crab.


 The swamp crab was huge, it could not dodge, it was swept by the waves.


 But even with the ebb and flow, the swamp crab did not move, its body was too heavy.


 The blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal’s lips curled with a confident smile of victory, his ten fingers moved rapidly, only the afterimages of his fingers could be seen, it was a dazzling sight.


 His immortal killer move was not ordinary.


 As his red date immortal essence continued to be consumed, the light blue waves turned into dark blue waves, the waves got stronger and were three times as powerful as before.


 A deep spiral was formed in the water under the blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal’s skillful manipulation.


 The swamp crab was in the middle of the spiral, it could not put up resistance, it was swept by the spiral.


 Swish swish swish!


 The swamp crab’s heavy body started to move quickly in the spiral, like a piece of seaweed, it could not help itself.


 The blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal made a grabbing motion with his hands, as countless shadows of fingers dissipated in the sky, the tides expanded and rose into a torrential tsunami.


 Boom!


 With a huge sound, a gigantic tide of water crashed onto the swamp crab’s back.


 The swamp crab’s shell was very hard, but with the impact of the tsunami, a huge dent was formed on the smooth shell.


 The swamp crab did not move, it had fainted on the spot.


 The blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal laughed heartily, he spread out the fingers on his right hand, as he raised his index finger.


 A gush of water shot up from the tides like a geyser, dragging the swamp crab’s body towards the blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal.


 The Gu Immortal opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, storing this swamp crab.


 “Immortal! It is an immortal!!”


 “Thank you lord immortal, you saved our entire village.”


 “This immortal even defeated the crab monster in the mountain!”


 Such a grand battle shocked the mortals in the village intensely.


 Only after the battle was over, they reacted and shouted in joy, kowtowing to him.


 The blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal closed his immortal aperture’s entrance, he smiled lightly as he looked at the people below.


 It turned out that while fighting the swamp crab, he had placed a part of his concentration in manipulating the waves to sweep away all of the falling rocks and mud.


 “As expected indeed of the famous water path Gu Immortal in Central Continent, Mu Ling Lan.” At this time, a voice came from the clouds.


 The blue robed rank seven Gu Immortal moved all ten fingers as he stored away all of the water that was flooding the place.


 Next, he flew into the clouds and met with another Gu Immortal.


 This immortal wore a blue robe and had a square face, he had thick eyebrows and a tall nose bridge, he was emanating an aura of righteousness that could not be violated.


 Mu Ling Lan smiled as he greeted: “So Senior Shi Ge has arrived.”


 Shi Ge returned the greeting: “I just arrived, to think that I would get to see your method of subduing the swamp crab.”


 Mu Ling Lan waved his hand, saying humbly: “My methods are just small tricks from your perspective. But, Senior Shi Ge, I hear you have also gotten orders from Heavenly Court to join this Northern Plains battle?”


 Shi Ge nodded: “That’s right, Mu Ling Lan, you are also in the list of names, why don’t we travel together.”


 Mu Ling Lan had an appreciative expression: “It is my honor to travel with senior.”


 Thus, the two immortals traveled together.


 The mortals were left behind, looking at the sky as they sighed in amazement.


 Mu Ling Lan and Shi Ge spoke along the way, they were not silent.


 Even though both were rank seven, Shi Ge was higher in seniority, having passed two grand tribulations, while Mu Ling Lan was still not at the first grand tribulation. Thus, Mu Ling Lan was seeking advice while Shi Ge taught him some things.


 Along the way, Shi Ge suddenly descended as he floated in the air and waited.


 Mu Ling Lan did not understand, this was not the gathering point.


 Shi Ge smiled: “Pardon me, I have a son called Zheng Yi, he had recently passed his ascension tribulation and become a Gu Immortal. But he lacks experience and is still very childish. I intend to bring him along in this Northern Plains trip to train him.”


 “So that’s it.” Mu Ling Lan realized, looking towards the direction that Shi Ge was gazing at.


 Under the cloud cover, there was a small city.


 There were many buildings in the city, in one restaurant, a storyteller was talking about folklore regarding justice and heroism.


 “Good, good kill!” Among the guests, one young lad with thick eyebrows was dressed like a farmer with innocent eyes. Hearing the story of the main character killing the rich and helping the poor, he clapped in happiness.


 His screaming was loud and caused the curtains to shake slightly.


 The storyteller was shocked as he paused.


 The surrounding guests were all unhappily muttering: “Why are you screaming?”


 “Screaming all of a sudden, you’ll scare us to death.”


 “Why are you screaming, listen to the story quietly, or we will chase you away, little peasant.”


 The young lad was flushing red, he scratched his head and he looked around in embarrassment: “Sorry, sorry everyone.”


 The guests heard his polite apology and their clamoring became softer, they no longer bothered about it.


 The young lad sat down slowly but suddenly his expression changed, he stood up as the table and chairs around him were pushed away, causing an even bigger commotion.


 “What now, you lad!”


 “Hey lad, are you asking for a beating!!”


 The guests were furious, but suddenly, the young man’s body shone with light as he shot out of the building like an arrow, tearing a hole in the window as he flew to the sky.


 The restaurant went into chaos, countless people were shouting in panic.


 The young lad came before Shi Ge and Mu Ling Lan as he cupped his fists, greeting politely.


 He was Shi Ge’s son — Shi Zheng Yi 1 .


 The three immortals continued on their journey, a few days later, they arrived at a mountain range.


 An Immortal Gu House was stationed here.


 It was a pavilion, exquisite and small, there were countless bird cages hanging on it, as birds chirped continuously.


 This was an Immortal Gu House of Heavenly Lotus Sect, Canary Pavilion.


 Shi Ge saw this and nodded slightly: “I have long since heard that Immortal Gu Houses would be sent out to attack Northern Plains. To think that this is Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Canary Pavilion, this pavilion specializes in capturing flying beasts, it can move quickly, it is a good choice.”


 Mu Ling Lan added: “Heavenly Lotus Sect was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it owns the highest number of Immortal Gu Houses, it makes sense that Heavenly Lotus Sect could send out an Immortal Gu House.”


 Shi Zheng Yi asked in confusion: “Heavenly Lotus Sect has Canary Pavilion, Yue Yang Palace, and Heavenly Pool, is there a fourth Immortal Gu House?”


 Mu Ling Lan smiled: “Little Yi, you might not know, recently, Heavenly Lotus Sect created its fourth Immortal Gu House, but it was kept secret.”


 Shi Zheng Yi heard this and thought: “Senior Mu Ling Lan is from Spirit Butterfly Valley, this sect is most skilled in information path, it is not strange that he knows some secrets. But Heavenly Lotus Sect has four Immortal Gu Houses now, it is truly shocking.”
