.

Moreover, no one is foolish enough to risk it out with a dying person.

“Leaving after coming here? Hehe, there’s no such easy way out, you shall all stay!” Suddenly, a body came out of the cave.

“All up to you.” Fang Yuan’s body flickered, hiding his presence.

Bai Ning Bing clicked her tongue, activating the Sky Canopy Gu and summoning the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, engaging the enemy.

The two fought for three rounds, and the demonic Gu Master was suppressed.

She was a middle-aged woman without shoes, having large feet and thick black fur growing on her soles. Her face and limbs had a peculiar green color; it was caused by the green python’s poison.

After a moment, the demonic female Gu Master gradually could not contest. Suddenly, she stepped the ground firmly and jumped back into the cave.

Bai Ning Bing chased after relentlessly.

“Don’t chase her!” Fang Yuan suddenly reminded, but did not make it in time.

Bam!

A loud explosion occurred right under Bai Ning Bing’s feet as her entire body was blown away.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: Skyfarrow  Editor: Skyfarrow

Rocks and fragments flew, as smoke rose into the air.

 Bai Ning Bing was sent flying to the ground, but with a jump, she stood up again.

She had the protection of the Sky Canopy Gu and was uninjured, but the Sky Canopy Gu in her aperture took the impact, her white armor fading by at least 30%.

“What the fuck?” Bai Ning Bing cursed, concentrating and looking over.

The explosion site had turned into a two to three metre crater.

Inside the cave, the demonic female Gu Master laughed smugly, “Good! Even if I didn’t kill you this time, come at me again if you have the guts, little woman!”

“Hmph,” Bai Ning Bing snorted. Although she was furious, she was not an impulsive person.

During the earlier explosion, although the Sky Canopy Gu protected her, if she took a few more hits, the Sky Canopy Gu would have been destroyed.

“What was that earlier? An explosion suddenly burst from the ground, so if I left the ground, would I be able to avoid such an attack?” Bai Ning Bing thought in her heart. She was not stupid, although naive and pure in some areas, and her battle instincts and wits were still at genius level.

“I do not have a flying Gu, and if I leap I am bound to touch the ground, no, I do not have to attack. This person’s words earlier was trying to incite me to attack, hehe.”

Thinking so, Bai Ning Bing laughed darkly, “Do you think you are safe if you hide in the cave? I just have to camp here, you will come out eventually.”

“Hahaha, then wait all you want. I have prepared a large amount of food, and you are vulnerable to the weather outside, so let’s see who will outlast the other!” The Demonic female Gu Master retorted.

Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly, for the longer they dragged, the more beneficial it was for her. Because this demonic female Gu Master was poisoned by the green python, she would get weaker as time passed.

But at this time, Fang Yuan cupped his fist at the demonic female Gu Master. “We met by coincidence in the wild, we are purely passing by. Sigh, making things difficult for you, is the same as making life hard for ourselves. I hope we do not meet again. Farewell!”

Saying so, he turned around and left.

“Go where? She is only a Rank three Gu Master, as long as we grasp that explosion method, we are assured to win!” Bai Ning Bing frowned.

Fang Yuan snorted, “You are also Rank three, but I am Rank one. Let’s hurry on the journey, stop creating so much troubles. Better safe than sorry.”

Bai Ning Bing was stunned, but quickly understood Fang Yuan was acting. Although she did not know what he was planning, with her understanding of him, she decided to cooperate with him, pretending to be angry, “You are always so cowardly, sigh, nevermind, I’ll spare your life.”

She looked at the demonic female Gu Master deeply, not hiding her killing intent. Soon after, she followed Fang Yuan into the woods, out of the demonic female Gu Master’s field of vision.

After they got enough distance, Bai Ning Bing broke the silence, “That explosion technique of hers is not a problem. When she fought me earlier, she did not use it. Only when she stepped into the cave and I got into range did the explosion occur. I’m guessing she buried the Gu ahead of time, and cannot move it. We can lure a group of wild beasts and use them to test out her traps.”

These words fully displayed Bai Ning Bing’s talent for battle.

But Fang Yuan laughed, asking instead, “Then what comes next?”

Bai Ning Bing was stunned.

Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, his eyes shining brightly, “According to what you said, luring a group of wild beasts to test her traps, so what? Forcing her into a dead end, once she knows she has no chance to survive, she will risk her life to battle, at least bringing one of us with her. Even if we survive, we will suffer losses.”

“Plus, even if we defeat her, she will carry the thought of ‘not leaving anything valuable to us’, and destroy all her Gu worms. For a Gu Master to destroy his own Gu worms, it only takes a thought. We have no method to prevent it, so after we kill her, we won’t get any Gu worms. What benefit is there to us?”

Bai Ning Bing frowned.

Earlier, they had guarded against this demonic Gu Master, afraid of getting ambushed by her, it was to protect themselves. But once they found out that she was not too strong, their intentions changed completely—

It was to kill this weakened demonic Gu Master, and take her Gu worms, strengthening themselves!

Wild Gu worms were of all types, but those with suitable ranks and were easy to feed were few. A Gu Master’s Gu worms were all carefully selected, considering all aspects. If they can be obtained, it would be much better than capturing wild Gu worms.

But very few people can obtain Gu worms after killing their enemies.

Other than dying in battle, Gu Masters just need one thought to order the Gu worm to destroy itself. Many of those defeated have enough time to react, and would not leave their Gu worms to the mortal enemies that kill them. It would not be hard to kill this demonic Gu Master. But to take all her Gu worms, it would be difficult.

“Don’t you have a Plunder Gu?” Bai Ning Bing asked.

“One Plunder Gu can have little effect. Dealing with wild beasts is still fine, but against Gu Masters, to succeed we need to fulfill harsh conditions.” Fang Yuan shook his head.

Bai Ning Bing suddenly thought of something, worried. “If we leave like this and end up allowing her to escape easily, what would we do then?”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, saying confidently, “In the short period, she will not escape.”

Righteous Gu Masters, either clan or sect-based, would receive a degree of nurturing, and had higher quality.

Conversely, demonic Gu Masters were often uneven in quality.

Some were traitors of the righteous path, thus these people have been trained and have Gu Master foundations. However, some were farmers or hunters that obtained a chance to awaken their aperture, obtaining some inheritance and were considered half-baked.

“This demonic female Gu Master has a rough accent and poor fighting tactics. She does not have enough survival experience either. Everywhere she goes, she leaves behind traces, and even after getting injured, she does not conceal the blood traces. I see that her body is tough and healthy, having large hands and feet. She is most likely a farmer, only lucky to have gotten an inheritance.”

Fang Yuan continued analyzing, “That explosion earlier should be a Rank two grass Gu that she buried in advance, called the Charred Thunder Potato. No matter who steps on it, an explosion will occur. A farmer peasant, how much knowledge can she have? Getting python poison and being unable to cure it, with her worsening injuries, she feels frightened and unsafe, thus she subconsciously planted many Charred Thunder Potatoes in front of the cave.”

“If we force her, she might do some extreme things. But if we leave on purpose, she will have a breather and temporarily relax her emotions. She might even suspect whether or not did we truly leave. There are dangers outside, and she might encounter us. Meanwhile, those Charred Thunder Potatoes give her the greatest assurance. Thus in this short period, she is not going to leave.”

Bai Ning Bing was expressionless, listening quietly.

As much as she denied it, she had to agree with Fang Yuan’s analysis. What he said made sense, almost like he could see the events before him; she could not compare to him!

“You analysed well, but she has poison on her, there is no way to drag. She will eventually leave the cave,” Bai Ning Bing retorted.

Fang Yuan nodded, pointing at his right ear, “Thus, we have to surveil her.”

His Earth Communication Ear grass Gu, although only Rank two, had much greater range than most Rank three Gu worms.

Bai Ning Bing shook her head. “Hmph, your decision has problems too. Activating the Earth Communication Ear grass requires continuous primeval essence expenditure. Even if you have the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and can recover primeval essence quickly, one person’s effort is ultimately limited. You have to rest and sleep, you can’t be checking on her all the time right?”

Facing this suspicion, Fang Yuan rolled his eyes, “How come you’re becoming stupid? There is one of her and two of us.”

Gu worms could be lent, so they could use the Earth Communication Ear grass Gu interchangeably, in intervals.

Bai Ning Bing’s expression froze, shame flashing across her eyes.

“Fuck! Such a simple issue, how could I not think of it?” She gritted her teeth, begrudging her own lowly mistake.

Fang Yuan laughed secretly.

The root of the matter was that Bai Ning Bing did not want Fang Yuan to suppress her, thus she subconsciously wanted to retort Fang Yuan as much as she could, instead causing her to lose her bearings instead.

Fang Yuan was happy to see such retorts, for each time Bai Ning Bing failed, it would cause her to be subdued further.

This submission is negligible, but it was a subtle influence, and even Bai Ning Bing herself could not detect it.

One day when she finally realizes it, she would already be under Fang Yuan’s rule.

To Fang Yuan, this demonic female Gu Master was only one target, while Bai Ning Bing was the second target.

*****

Chen Cui Hua was shellshocked.

She was originally a farmer, and one day when plowing the fields, she fell into a cave.

In the cave, she found a corpse, and became a Gu Master after receiving the inheritance out of the blue.

Gu Master!

Chen Cui Hua never thought that one day she would become one of the esteemed lord Gu Masters herself!

But after a short happiness, disaster ensued.

A mountain leopard as large as a buffalo assaulted her village with green winds surrounding its body.

The entire village was wiped out, and she was chased by the mountain leopard, but managed to escape due to her Gu worms.

After roaming the wilderness for half a year, her Gu worms died out one by one, and finally, she encountered a large python. Although she killed it, she was also poisoned as a result.

And today, she met two Gu Masters.

This was the third time she met Gu Masters. The first two taught her a painful lesson, letting her learn how to protect herself.

But she was still a half-baked Gu Master, severely lacking foundations.

Thinking of the earlier battle, she panicked.

She was not the girl’s match!

Luckily, she had buried many Charred Thunder Potatoes earlier. And thankfully, the male was meek and cowardly, choosing to leave.

Chen Cui Hua saw their bodies vanish into the forest and breathed a sigh of relief.

But she was not certain that they had truly left.

Her investigative Gu worm could allow her to see everything within 350 steps. The clarity was as if they are right in front of her.

But she did not have X-ray vision.

“I’ll wait a few days, I’ll go out after three days,” Chen Cui Hua thought to herself. At this point, she had already learnt to be vigilant and patient.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

High in the sky, the winds roared.

“Die!” Lord Sky Crane screamed, using his remaining strength to turn into a white light, crashing towards First Generation Gu Yue.

“You’re too naive to think of killing me.” Blood wight opened his mouth, his fangs exposed, as he charged ahead.

Bam!

A large explosion occurred, the impact pushing the two away by a long distance.

Both were injured!

” As long as the mountain remains, water continues to flow “. Junior brother, remember today’s grudge, I will repay it someday.” First Generation Gu Yue laughed loudly, activating his bat wings, trying to fly away.

Suddenly a huge shadow appeared in the sky.

He raised his head, only to see that heavily injured iron beak flying crane king.

“Not dead? Damn it…” First gen Gu Yue’s expression changed.

Being intercepted by the iron beak flying crane king, Lord Sky Crane caught up and unleashed a pincer attack. Eventually, the flying crane king’s corpse fell to the ground, while blood wight was completely destroyed.

Lord Sky Crane grabbed First Generation Gu Yue’s head, floating in mid-air, after his gaze was scattered for a while, he finally regained his concentration.

He raised his head and laughed three times, and then started crying.

After venting his emotions, he flew towards Qing Mao mountain, but was suppressed by Bai Ning Bing’s self-detonation, forcing him to use the Life-burial Jade Gu, after he broke out of the ice, he frantically searched around, but only found Fang Zheng who was at his dying breath from under the ice.

————————————————————————————————————-

The images on the wall, showed this scene truthfully.

What happened next will be skipped, it is the scenery along the path Lord Sky Crane travelled.

Immortal Crane Sect is one of the oldest sects in the Middle Continent. In practice, when a person in the sect goes out for an emergency mission, they would bring along a Gu worm that will record the process.

Regardless of whether the mission succeeds, the Gu Master will return to the mountain and report the results, and the sect will evaluate the assessment based on the events that were recorded.

Lord Sky Crane, although a sect elder, was also not freed from this rule.

However, he was too senior in authority and barely any Gu Masters had the qualification to assess him in the sect; not even the current Immortal Crane Sect leader could.

But at this point, the elderly sitting in front of Lord Sky Crane was not an ordinary person.

Supreme Elder He Feng Yang, Rank 6 Gu Master, titled Winged Crane Flying Immortal!

He was wearing a white robe with a black belt, sitting on a futon with wide sleeves.

His face looked like a youngster, smooth as jade. His eyebrows were green and long, extending to his waist. His eerie dark eyes stared at the scene in the wall, and then slowly retracted his gaze.

Lord Sky Crane stood beside him politely, not even daring to breathe loudly.

Truthfully speaking, Lord Sky Crane had been asleep for almost a thousand years, and the Crane immortal was still his junior. However, seniority was not determined by age, but by strength.

Lord Sky Crane was rank 5, and although he was only a rank away from He Feng Yang, this distance was like an entire world apart, the difference between heaven and earth.

Rank 5 are mortals, rank 6 are immortals!

“Lord Sky Crane.” He Feng Yang spoke slowly, his voice as soothing as the calm river water.

“I am here.” Lord Sky Crane quickly replied.

“Although you killed our sect’s traitor this time, you did not manage to retrieve the blood skull gu. Instead, you were suppressed and toyed around by two juniors…” in the room, He Feng Yang’s voice reverbed.

Lord Sky Crane’s head was hung even lower, showing signs of shame.

“However, one of them is the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, no surprise you got suppressed. What’s fortunate is that you tried to make amendments later. Let me ask you, the young man that you brought back, is he really the twin of the young man in the video?” He Feng Yang asked.

“I’ve already investigated, it is so. The one that escaped is his older brother Fang Yuan, the one captured is the younger brother Fang Zheng. What’s stranger is, these two are not on good terms. When I showed him the video of his brother slaughtering their clansmen, he hated his brother so much he would kill him on the spot.” Lord Sky Crane laughed eerily.

He Feng Yang nodded: “It seems you have a plan, but do you have enough time?”

Lord Sky Crane’s expression changed, his face turning solemn: “Supreme elder is right. My lifespan is at its limit, I am about to die, with only a few days left to live. Even the life-burial jade gu cannot change my fate.”

His situation can only be resolved by finding a lifespan gu, to solve the root problem.

But lifespan gu is hard to find, there are a few in Immortal Crane Sect, but they are not for him. They are held in the hands of the sect leader and some supreme elders.

“Thus, I have given up my lifetime’s saving and gu worms earlier, to exchange for a spirit incubating flea. I’ve brought Fang Zheng into our sect, and made him my pupil. Afterwards I will teach him, and refine the bloodkin worm. I will then incite him to kill his brother, and retrieve the blood skull gu for our Immortal Crane Sect!” Lord Sky Crane said.

He Feng Yang raised his eyebrows: “It sounds like you are confident of your plans. But, will that Fang Zheng really be manipulated by you?”

“Although he had good talent, he is after all a kid. After I die, and store my soul in the spirit incubating flea, I will accompany him to grow, and advise him in cultivation. The road has already been paved for him, all he has to do is to walk!”

Saying so, Lord Sky Crane kneeled on the ground, begging: “Please give me another chance supreme elder!”

He Feng Yang was solemn, before saying: “Nevermind, this might be your last attempt anyway.”

“Thank you elder, thank you elder!” Lord Sky Crane was overjoyed.

“Go, I await your good news.”

“Within twenty years, I will attain success!” Lord Sky Crane was excited and his tone was trembling, as he made his way out.

————————————————————————————————————-

Southern borders, Wan Cheng mountain, Tie clan city.

The tall thick blackrock walls, extended thousands of  li.  Tie clan city was built at the upper half of the mountain, many rock houses, steel towers, lined up and extended to the mountain peak.

The sunlight shone down on people who moved about in the city; carriages, horses and crowds, showing off a scene of prosperity.

Clan leader pavilion is situated at the mountain peak, heavily defended, and have little people moving around. Patrolling groups take turns and the Gu Masters are all vigilant, with not a hint of slack.

On top of the clan leader pavillion, two people were standing.

A middle aged man with a face cold as steel, with some warmth in his eyes.

Beside him was a young girl, having a sad but determined gaze.

It was Tie Ruo Nan.

“You’ve only been back for a few days right? This is the 19th time you are asking me. I am extremely upset by your father’s death. You lost your mother early, and now your father too, but you must remember, you have me, your uncle. You are my niece, I will not put you in danger.” Tie clan leader sighed.

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes were shining, staring straight at Tie clan leader: “Uncle do you know? Although father passed away, I feel happy for him amidst my sadness. Father has spent his life eliminating evil, punishing crime. He did it, even with his injuries he did not back down. He walked on his path and finished it with resolution. And now, it is time for me to do the same.”

Tie clan leader was stunned.

This moment, he could see Tie Xie Leng’s shadow in Tie Ruo Nan.

So similar, these eyes, this gaze.

In his recollection, he seemed to have returned to his younger days, with Tie Xie Leng by his side, staring at the demon suppression tower at the peak of the mountain, saying with determination: “I will bring down all crime in this world, and fill the world with justice and love! Locking all demonic Gu Masters in the demon suppression tower, even if I have to fill it up!”

The oath back then, was still echoing in his ears. But his friend is no longer around……

Seeing the two images overlap, Tie clan leader shook his head, dispelling the memories, he looked at the adamant Tie Ruo Nan with an admiring, loving, worried, and encouraging gaze: “The path that you chose is not an easy one.”

TRN did not answer, but looked at the mountain peak.

On Wan Cheng mountain’s peak area, there is a majestic steel tower.

Its aura was overwhelming, like it is holding up the heavens, stepping on the mountains. The white clouds surround it like a mist, causing others to see it in a foggy image, adding a hint of mystery to the tower.

This tower is not only famous in the southern borders, but also famous all over the world, even in middle continent many people know of it.

Demon suppression tower!

The tower itself is a over three hundred metres tall, with almost a hundred floors. It was designed to be rustic, and ancient, overflowing with righteousness. Since it was built, hundreds, thousands, and even ten thousand demonic Gu Masters have been imprisoned by Tie clan.

Even Tie clan leader was not sure.

It was the symbol of righteousness, the pride of the Tie Gu Masters. It is also the resting place for many demonic cultivators, leaving behind their anguish, regret, indignance, and remorse.

Demonic Gu Masters pale when talking about it, and righteous Gu Masters dance in pride when speaking of it!

Tie Ruo Nan opened her mouth, her tone determined, like she was talking to Tie clan leader, and also herself: “Wan Cheng mountain peak has a demon suppression tower. My heart also has a demon suppression tower, this path, father could not finish walking on it, I will walk it for him!”

————————————————————————————————————-

“I can’t hold on much longer…” Chen Cui Hua felt her head spinning, feeling sick and wanting to vomit at times. But she had nothing to vomit, and her body felt weak, as a sense of lethargy hit her.

Her plan to was hold on for three days, but a day had passed and she knew she was too optimistic.

The danger the python poison caused her was worsening. She knew she was being forced into a dead end; she needed to find a healing gu worm as soon as possible.

“God damn it, if not for those two bastards, I might’ve caught a wild gu and cured my poison already.” She felt uneasy, after getting poisoned, she had been trying to find a healing gu, but amidst the large forest, filled with danger, she did not have any catching methods and have no made any progress.

Bai Ning Bing raised her dagger, cutting towards her right ear.

“Hold it.” Fang Yuan stretched out his arm, grabbing Bai Ning Bing’s limb.

The sharp knife was only a millimetre away from her right ear.

To use the earth hearing ear grass, one needed to cut off their right ear and replace it. It was just a ear, nothing much, especially compared to the rewards, Bai Ning Bing did not feel any hesitation.

Demonic cultivators, were ruthless in nature; ruthless to others, and even more to themselves!

Only people like who can give up what is needed and can have a great achievement.

“No need to do so, she’s out.” Fang Yuan said, starting to move.

He used the earth hearing ear grass, following Chen Cui Hua from far away.

Not long later, he heard fighting noises.

The two moved closely with the dense shrubs, following behind secretly, only to see this demonic female Gu Master fighting with a twin-headed boar.

After watching for a while, their eyes shone with excitement.

Chen Cui Hua’s situation was disastrous, her battle strength was lower than ordinary by a large margin. This twin-headed boar is a hundred beast king, having a defensive gu.

“This is a battle of attrition, we can take advantage of them.”

“She really buried the charred thunder potato gu!”

“A bit strange, this Gu Master fought for so long, why isn’t her primeval essence running out?”

“It seems she has some support gu like the heavenly essence treasure lotus, or fish bubble gu etc…”

After another short while, Fang Yuan saw that the time was right, and called the stealth scales gu, handing it to Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing understood and nodded in agreement, hiding her body and getting closer secretly.

 Bam!

Another explosion occurred, the twin-headed boar stepped on another charred thunder potato gu.

This time, it fell for good, never getting up again. It laid on the ground, continuing to struggle as its stomach was blown open. Its intestines started to flow out as its blood oozed out.

“This damn boar, what a thick skin. Only after so many explosions did it die!” Chen Cui Hua breathed roughly, leading against a tree, seeing darkness ahead of her.

This battle drained her last remaining energy, as extremely fatigue hit her.

The fear in her heart sustained her, preventing her from just fainting immediately.

“No, I have to hurry back to the cave, if I collapse in the wild, it will be too dangerous!”

She was about to move, when she felt wind by her ears.

“Strange, how can there be wind?” This was the last question in her lifetime.

Bai Ning Bing patiently got closer, and struck like lightning. She used the boar’s death, to cause the demonic female Gu Master to let down her guard, then killed her in one strike!

Chen Cui Hua’s brain was smashed by the chainsaw golden centipede, as her headless body plopped on the ground.

“We did it.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, walking over quickly.

Bai Ning Bing had already squatted down, her mind entering Chen Cui Hua’s aperture, slightly disappointed: “There’s only three gu in the aperture.”

Gu worms that were refined by Gu Masters were slightly rigid, not as witty as wild Gu worms.

The demonic female Gu Master was dead. Her aperture started to get dark, as the three Gu worms remained inside.

But this was no problem for Fang Yuan.

“Plunder Gu!” He willed, easily retrieving these three Gu.

They were: One rice bag grass Gu, one iron thorn thistle Gu, and a charred thunder bean mother Gu.

These were not all.

Fang Yuan searched around, and found a hairy leg Gu in the demonic female Gu Master, a jumping grass Gu. Lastly he found a bookworm in her smashed brain matter.

Unfortunately, this bookworm had already been killed by Bai Ning Bing’s attack earlier.

“This bookworm has to be the inheritance item, the information inside helped her to learn many things about Gu Masters, it should have some secret recipes etc.” Fang Yuan said in pity.

“Nevermind the bookworm, there’s no healing Gu in this demonic Gu Master?” Bai Ning Bing was greatly disappointed.

Fang Yuan was solemn, not speaking.

He expected her to not have a healing Gu already, since she was poisoned and if she had a healing Gu, even if it could not remove the poison, she would not be in such a bad state.

What he felt weird was, in the battle earlier, this demonic Gu Master’s performance was weird. Especially in terms of primeval essence, her recovery speed surpassed A grade, in par with the ten extreme physiques.

But she was not a ten extreme physique, only having A grade talent, and among these Gu worms, none could help recover primeval essence.

“So this is how the breasts are tied.” At this time, Bai Ning Bing unfolded the demonic female Gu Master’s breast wraps.

Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixated on the silver triangle tattoo on the corpse’s breasts.

“The third watch Gu!” Fang Yuan was surprised.

” Third watch 1 Gu, what’s that?” Bai Ning Bing raised her eyebrows.

“This Gu is rank 5, able to accelerate time by three times. It is gone after one use, an expenditure type Gu. Once used on a Gu Master, it will form a silver triangle tattoo on their chest.”

Soon after, Fang Yuan explained in detail.

Third watch Gu, when used on a Gu Master, caused their time to flow three times as fast.

The river of time, flowing at its pace, measured at a singular speed. To normal people, a day is a day.

But to the third watch Gu’s user, a day is akin to three days condensed into one.

Chen Cui Hua who had the third watch Gu, experienced rapid cultivation growth. When others used one day to nurture their aperture, she used three. The difference in speed is evidently seen.

There is another advantage, that is primeval essence recovery. On her, the river of time flows faster, three times of normal people. Thus, her primeval essence recover is also three times.

This is also why, in the battle earlier, her recovery was something that caught Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing by surprise.

But everything has two sides, good and bad.

With such a great effect, the third watch Gu has an equivalent weakness!

The worse was, it expended lifespan. When time flows three times as fast, her lifespan shrinks in proportion, reduced to a third of the original.

Chen Cui Hua only got her inheritance for less than a year, but to her it was almost three years.

Also, any injuries or illnesses that required time to aggravate, would intensify on her.

The green python’s poison, needed time to infiltrate her body, and worsen. When others get poisoned, they experience the worsening of poison at a daily rate. But to her, it was three days worth of worsening everyday.

This is also why the poison affected her so greatly.

“To be given this third watch Gu, it seems this woman’s inheritance is at least a rank 5 inheritance. Unfortunately, it had gone to waste, falling in the hands of such a person.” Bai Ning Bing snorted, looking at the headless corpse in disdain.

In the long run, the third watch Gu’s danger is huge, shrinking the Gu Master’s life to a third. But the truth is, this Gu is very useful to a demonic Gu Master.

Demonic Gu Masters fight alone, without any clan or sect’s support. They also have to guard against the ganged attack of the righteous faction, and thus put survival as their priority.

Only living is important, everything else can be discarded.

The higher their cultivation, the greater their chances to survive.

Third watch Gu can condense a Gu Master’s life, displaying their full potential at once, like the sakura blossoms, or fireworks, shortlived but brilliance.

But without the third watch Gu, the sakura’s buds won’t grow in time, and would have been uprooted already.

“This is nothing strange, those who use the third watch Gu are all courageous and forward looking people. But this woman had a different personality, weak and meek, like dragging and have no courage to move ahead. Thus she ended up like this, it is life.” Fang Yuan gave the corpse a final look, before concluding.

Bai Ning Bing’s expression was ugly.

Without a healing gu, what outcome would they face. This demonic female Gu Master was the best example.

Would this be her future as well?

Fang Yuan laughed instead, patting her shoulders, consoling: “The paths in this world are carved out by humans. Everyone has their own paths, no matter how wide others’ path is, it might not suit you. We are both walking on our own paths, what is there to worry?”

Hearing so, Bai Ning Bing’s expression froze, before lightening up, nodding: “You are right.”

Fang Yuan squinted, gazing at the dense forest ahead.

After killing this demonic Gu Master, and obtaining her Gu worms, his strength increased tremendously.

But he knows that he lacked a healing Gu, and did not place his hopes in his luck.

From now on, he might get a healing Gu, or be like this demonic female Gu Master, not getting anything even until death. Or the next moment, he might get trampled by wild beasts and die, ending his ambitions.

But so what?

Stepping on his path, and continuing forward; that is all there is to do.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Swish swish swish~

In the aperture, waves of primeval essence ebb and flow, rushing towards the surrounding aperture walls.

The sea was jade green, crashing continuously, it was rank 1 initial stage primeval essence.

Rank 1 Gu masters have green copper primeval essence, initial stage being jade, middle stage is pale green, upper stage is dark green and peak stage is black green.

The surrounding aperture walls were shining brightly; under the attack of the jade green waves, his foundation was slowly built up.

Afterwards, the white light burst, and dimmed. White light condensed with each other, forming a water-ish light ripple.

At this point, the aperture light wall turned into a water wall.

“Finally, from rank 1 initial stage to middle stage.” A light excitement emerged in Fang Yuan’s heart.

Initial stage aperture walls are light walls, middle stage is water walls.

Once the water walls are created, it means Fang Yuan was back to rank 1 middle stage.

“It has been over 20 days since we killed that demonic female Gu master. During this period, I’ve been cultivating non-stop, not wasting a single minute. It is no wonder I advanced to middle stage.” Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

“What a pity I do not have the liquor worm on me, otherwise my cultivation would be even faster.”

Liquor worm can cause a Gu master’s primeval essence to be refined into one small realm higher. Using it to assist in cultivation, can achieve a greater result with less effort.

Since Fang Yuan’s rebirth, other than the Spring Autumn Cicada, the first Gu worm he got was the liquor worm.

After that, he purchased a second one and refined the two into the four flavor liquor worm.

A pity though, was that the four flavor liquor worm only works on rank 2 Gu masters, being useless to the current Fang Yuan.

The truth is, Fang Yuan had gotten three liquor worms in Qing Mao mountain. The third was from Gu Yue Yao Le’s body.

This liquor worm was kept in Fang Yuan’s hands, but after the Tie father and daughter came, to prevent himself from getting exposed, and being worried about Tie Xie Leng’s investigative methods, he destroyed the liquor worm along with his other loots.

After it happened, whether it was the right move or not, since Fang Yuan did it, he had no regrets.

Even though now, if he had kept the liquor worm, it would be use to him, but at least, during that time, it did not allow the Tie father and daughter to investigate the matter on Gu Yue Yao Le.

“If I reverse refine the four flavor liquor worm, I can get the rank 1 liquor worm, but there are many requirements to reverse refine, I cannot fulfill the conditions.

Gu masters nurture Gu, use Gu, refine Gu. For refining Gu, it is split into fusion and reverse refinement.

Fusion, is to turn low rank Gu worms into a higher rank. Reverse is the opposite.

To reverse refine the four flavor liquor worm, there are many ways. Using the prodigal son Gu, will obtain two rank 1 liquor worms. Using the revert Gu, only 1 liquor worm is obtained. The butterfly transformation Gu will get the eerie qi butterfly. Using the unpredictable Gu, what Gu is obtained will be unknown, possibly something new all together.

For Fang Yuan, the best case was the prodigal son Gu.

But prodigal Gu was rarer than the liquor worm, and was hard to obtain. Best case scenario was revert Gu.

Using revert Gu, although he will lose a liquor worm, Fang Yuan would not hesitate to do it.

Retaining the four flavor liquor worm, and wait for rank 2 cultivation, that is under a safe environment. Now that Fang Yuan was in danger all the time, everything he does has to be for survival.

The higher his cultivation rose, higher the chances to live.

Cheep Cheep Cheep~

Outside the cave, monkey screeches and footsteps could be heard.

Fang Yuan’s ears twitched, he was familiar with the owner of the footsteps.

As expected, not long after, Bai Ning Bing appeared.

Her entire body was covered in a layer of thorn clothing. This special clothing, is completely made of green vines and black sharp thorns, giving Bai Ning Bing defense and also used for attacking purposes.

To those fighting barehanded, these thorns that were as sturdy as steel would leave a lasting impression on them.

This thistle shirt, was formed by the iron thorn thistle Gu.

After killing the demonic female Gu master, Bai Ning Bing wanted this rank 3 grass Gu, requesting for it and refining it as her lifebound Gu.

“So troublesome. Every time I leave and return, I have to be so careful of those charred thunder potatoes. Can’t you bury less of them?” She said as she begrudged, staring at the ground below her, jumping around as she avoided some pitfalls.

“Better to be safe than sorry.” Fang Yuan replied lightly, turning his gaze towards Bai Ning Bing’s waist.

On her waist was a string of monkeys.

These monkeys were tiny, the largest was merely arm length. They had round heads, and thick black monkey hair, smooth and shiny. What was most prominent, was the tree leaves growing on their waists.

These green leaves formed a circle, linked together around the monkey’s hip bone and butt, like a grass skirt.

These were the grass skirt monkeys.

The grass skirt monkeys were delicious, being the source of food for Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing these days.

These captured grass skirt monkeys were aware of their outcomes, struggling intensely but to no avail.

The entire cave reverbed with their cries, and horrified screams.

It was lunch time.

“Grill them, I am a little hungry.” Bai Ning Bing rubbed her tummy, throwing the tied grass skirt monkeys on the ground.

“Let me prepare them first, you can grill them later. Your grilled meat tastes much better than mine.” She squatted down, about to kill them.

Fang Yuan stopped her: “Let me teach you a new eating method.”

Afterwards, he moved his finger, and a Gu flew out of Bai Ning Bing’s aperture with a bloody light.

The blood light landed on Fang Yuan’s palm, turning into a blood moon insignia.

It was blood moon Gu.

Fang Yuan’s palm started to glow with red light.

Although the blood moon Gu was rank 3, Fang Yuan was not using it to attack, thus he could still barely control it.

Bai Ning Bing did not know his intentions, her blue eyes staring intensely.

Only to see Fang Yuan stretching his hand, raising a grass skirt monkey. He grabbed its neck, causing its head to be unable to move.

Soon after, the palm shining with red light landed on the monkey’s head, and circled one round.

Back then, he used the moonlight Gu to open the gambling rocks, now he used the blood moon Gu to cut the monkey’s head.

After one round, Fang Yuan’s primeval essence hit rock bottom.

As the red light vanished from his palm, Fang Yuan smiled as he grabbed the monkey’s head, pulling it, and opened its skull.

The white monkey brain was revealed from within.

The grass skirt monkey struggled profusely, screaming in utter pain, its shrill screams echoed in the cave.

But Fang Yuan has the strength of two boars, his arms like steel, not moving at all. The grass skirt monkey’s limbs were tender and did not have claws, unable to harm Fang Yuan at all even if it tried.

“Have a taste of this fresh monkey brain.” Saying so, Fang Yuan handed a spoon to Bai Ning Bing.

“Like this, raw?” Bai Ning Bing looking at the white brain with some blood traces, hesitated.

Fang Yuan smiled, demonstrating.

He placed the spoon into the monkey brain, scooping and placing it into his mouth, as he swallowed, the brain flowed down his throat.

At that moment, the grass skirt monkey’s screams intensified, its body spazzing like it was electrocuted.

Bai Ning Bing tried too, scooping the monkey brain and placing it into her mouth.

 At once, a fragrant grass smell spread from her tongue, without a tint of blood. Like the texture of beancurd, with just a little strength, the entire monkey brain melts in your mouth, with a little sweetness, giving a refreshing taste, in the entire mouth.

Her throat gulped, swallowing this monkey brain. Her blue eyes shone with bright light, crystal clear, as the fairy like face showed an enjoying expression.

“So incredibly delicious!” The young girl exclaimed.

“Only this grass skirt monkey can have such a taste. Their brain is a natural delicacy.” Fang Yuan said as he scooped another into his mouth.

He advanced to middle stage, and it calls for a mini celebration, this monkey brain is a good reward.

Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily, moving faster than before, swallowing the second mouthful.

This grass skirt monkey whose skull was cut open, after a temporary madness, was at death’s door. Its bright jewel like eyes had already turned dim.

Other grass skirt monkeys seeing their companions’ state, struggling like crazy trying to escape.

Under the restrain of the ropes, their struggles were futile, only allowing them to roll around on the ground.

Eating this monkey brain feels like eating ice cream on earth, the two worked together and very quickly finished this monkey brain.

“One more, one more.” Bai Ning Bing did not have enough, licking her lips and waving the spoon, demanding.

Fang Yuan’s primeval essence had recovered to 90% already, he did the same thing and cut open another skull.

At once, the two continued their meal, satisfied. In the cave, the echoes of the screaming grass skirt monkeys were shrill and painfully heard.

After eating the monkey brains, they grilled the monkey meat.

The monkey meat of the grass skirt monkey were fresh and succulent, especially their breast meat. The entire taste was like fish grilled on bamboo leaves.

Rice bag grass.

Fang Yuan willed, and a green light shot out of his aperture.

The light landed on the ground, growing green buds.

In a few breath’s time, the bud grew into leaves, and the leaves expanded, turning into vines. The vines extended, and after covering ten metres, a few branches grew large leaves.

These leaves looked like buckets. Firstly, only a finger could fit. But eventually, it became fist size, bowl size, and finally ripe.

Bai Ning Bing meticulously plucked a leaf.

Opening the leaves at the top, rice could be seen inside. Large plump kernels, perfectly white.

Bai Ning Bing raised her head and opened her mouth, pouring a mouthful of rice into her mouth, after chewing, she ate some monkey meat to add some flavor.

“Eating till full is satisfaction.” She exclaimed.

“How are those grass skirt monkeys.” Fang Yuan asked.

Bai Ning Bing’s mind came back: “No issue if we do not enter that forest deeply. But once we do, three monkey kings show up. The wine you want to get is at the most central area of the forest, it will not be easy to obtain.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

 In this world, humans weren’t the only ones who knew how to brew wines.

The earliest records of wine came from the legend of Ren Zu.

Ren Zu’s two eyes turned into his eldest son Verdant Great Sun and daughter Desolate Ancient Moon.

Verdant Great Sun was always with Desolate Ancient Moon, and this close association created feelings towards his own sister. However, Desolate Ancient Moon refused his wooing.

Verdant Great Sun was annoyed because of this, and knew he needed some help, thus he asked the Wisdom Gu.

At first, the Wisdom Gu ignored him and avoided him as much as it could. But Verdant Great Sun kept on persevering, and the Wisdom Gu couldn’t endure this annoyance any more, so it told him a way – “In the east dwells a group of honey peach monkeys. Drink the wine brewed by them and come find me.”

Thus, Verdant Great Sun went to the east and drank the wine.

The wine brewed by the honey peach monkeys was fruit wine. And ever since Verdant Great Sun drank the wine and returned, his face had a rosy flush. He smacked his lips as he recalled the taste: “So, wine is sweet.”

The Wisdom Gu smiled and said: “In the west lies a group of psychic monkeys. Go taste the wine brewed by them.”

The wine brewed by psychic monkeys was bitter wine. Verdant Great Sun went to the west and drank the wine; since then, his tongue had a yellowish-brown hue to it. He recalled the taste with a bitter expression: “So, wine can also be bitter.”

Wisdom Gu said to him again: “Wine is both bitter and sweet, love is the same and human lives are even more so. At the north dwells a group of vajra monkeys. They also brew wine, go taste it.”

The vajra monkeys brewed strong wine.

Verdant Great Sun enjoyed this wine very much, and drank till he was dead drunk.

He felt this wine was really to his taste, and wanted to drink even more after getting drunk. He drank from the bowl at first before trying to drink it directly from the wine jar.

Finally, he started throwing up. The wine started showings its effects, making him feel an unbearable pain.

He felt the insides of his body was on fire, as if lava was flowing through them.

“It’s too hot!” He screamed. All the fire flowed in reverse towards his head and his hair started burning. From then on, his hair burned endlessly like fire.

When Verdant Great Sun woke up, he saw the Wisdom Gu looking at him.

“What did you think of the strong wine?” The Wisdom Gu asked.

Verdant Great Sun heaved a sigh: “I understand now, no matter how good the wine is, you will vomit it out if you drink too much; everything should be taken with moderation.”

The Wisdom Gu laughed out loudly: “In the north dwells a group of Skywater monkeys. Their wine is also quite good, go taste it.”

Skywater monkeys’ wine was clear wine and was completely opposite of the strong wine.

Verdant Great Sun lightly tasted the wine, and the moment he did so, he completely forgot all his worries and felt like he was floating in the air, with a hazy and intoxicated look in his eyes.

The Wisdom Gu again asked him about his experience. He lightly waved his hands: “Having known the joys of wine, I will not pass it on to those who are sober.”

The Wisdom Gu chuckled and left quietly….

Thus, humans weren’t the first species to brew wine, rather it was the monkeys who were ahead of the humans.

Ordinary monkey groups all knew how to brew wine.

The wines were different from one monkey group to another, with all kinds of taste. However, humans collectively called the wine brewed by the monkeys as monkey wine.

Fang Yuan had chosen this cave to rest because he sensed the sign of the breakthrough in his cultivation and stopped at this cave to concentrate on breaking through the bottleneck. Another reason was for the monkey wine.

The higher the rank of the Gu worms, the more food they consumed and at the same time, the period for their feeding increased.

Fang Yuan had made sufficient preparations, but there was a limit to the storage capacity of the tusita flower; after the consumption in this whole journey, there was some space cleared up which would be more than enough to store some monkey wine.

Wine had other uses as well – disinfecting the wounds and warming the body. The reverse refinement of four flavors liquor worm also required wine as an auxiliary ingredient. Even if the conditions for the reverse refinement weren’t met, having wine as a backup food for the four flavors liquor worm was good enough.

However, getting the monkey wine wasn’t easy.

This grass skirt monkey groups were hundred beasts group but their scale was close to that of the thousand beasts group, and had 3 hundred beast monkey kings.

Monkeys were a united bunch and faced their enemies in groups. Bai Ning Bing might be a rank three peak stage Gu master, but she was alone and trying to brute force her way through, would only lead to disaster.

And although Fang Yuan had advanced to rank one middle stage, the amount of help his advancement could give was next to nothing in this situation.

However, Fang Yuan was determined to get the monkey wine and Bai Ning Bing was worried about this.

“So, we need to use our brains, follow me.” Fang Yuan stood up and patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder. He carefully stepped on the ground, avoiding the buried Charred Thunder Potato , and walked out of the cave.

Outside the cave were lush trees, bright sunlight, with the bird songs and fragrance of flowers in the air.

In moments, the two neared the territory of the monkey groups.

Fang Yuan carefully observed and finally chose a sloped area.

He surveyed the area from the higher grounds before nodding his head in satisfaction. He stepped around on the ground and said: “Let’s dig here.”

After enough time passed for an incense stick to burn, this sloped area that faced the sun was dug out by the two, with a depth of thirty feet and a diameter of fifty feet.

Charred Thunder Potato Mother Gu.

Fang Yuan crouched on the bottom of this pit, and summoned the gu with a thought.

This gu resembled a potato, with uneven surface and tiny little holes all over it. Regardless of its appearance, it was a genuine rank three gu.

“My primeval essence won’t be enough, I will lend it to you.” Fang Yuan handed the Charred Thunder Potato Mother Gu to Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing held the gu and poured her primeval essence to it; soon, green sprouts sprouted out from those tiny little holes in the potato mother gu’s surface.

The sprouts grew rapidly, blossomed and bore fruit.

After several breaths of time, the finger thick dark green fruit was fully matured. The sprout withered and came falling down with the fruit on Bai Ning Bing’s hands.

Fang Yuan took these dark green fruits and carefully filtered through them; removing the bad, dead or empty shells. After the selection, there were less than one-third of the fruits left.

These fruits were the Charred Thunder Potato Gu, a rank two gu. Once they were buried in the ground, they grew with the help of the fertility of the soil, and as long as any living beings stepped near it, the vibration would cause the Charred Thunder Potato Gu to self-detonate.

Fang Yuan held one of the fruits and refined it instantly. As he pinched it in between his fingers, he poured his green copper primeval essence towards it; the Charred Thunder Potato Gu started giving off a faint green light and slowly hovered up.

With a shift of his mind, the Charred Thunder Potato Gu quickly drilled into the ground.

Fang Yuan deliberately buried it deep on the ground, stopping only when the potato gu was buried an arm’s length into the ground.

The primeval sea in his aperture rapidly decreased as the surrounding fertility of the soil gathered towards the Charred Thunder Potato Gu. In Fang Yuan’s perception, this tiny grass gu instantly grew up to a fist sized potato.

This was a matured Charred Thunder Potato Gu which could explode with even a slight vibration.

Bai Ning Bing marvelled at this scene: “Looks like that demonic path female Gu master buried the Charred Thunder Potato Gu near the surface of the earth, making it easy to self-detonate. The way you buried it, it should not explode even if I step above it, right?”

“Naturally.” Fang Yuan replied and continued on his work.

Bai Ning Bing’s mouth twitched, Fang Yuan didn’t reply her properly, and with her proud demeanour, she didn’t question anymore, but rather concentrated her gaze and began to ponder upon it herself.

After being with Fang Yuan for such a long time, she knew Fang Yuan never made useless moves.

Fang Yuan stood up only after burying this layer of the pit; he wiped the sweat on his forehead before calling Bai Ning Bing to bury the pit together.

But after just covering the pit for a bit, when the bottom of the pit was raised by fifteen feet, Fang Yuan ordered to stop, then he continued burying another Charred Thunder Potato Gu.

Bai Ning Bing immediately realized Fang Yuan’s plan upon seeing this.

“So it was like that. Charred Thunder Potato Gu is only a rank two gu and self-detonation of just one has a limited power. By burying them like this, once they explode, even thousand beast kings might not get off easy. But how will you lure those three monkey kings here?”

Charred Thunder Potato Gu was a offensive gu, but it couldn’t be moved, which greatly lowered its practical value.

“How difficult can that be? At the opportune time, we will just capture two to three young grass skirt monkeys and taste their brains here. At that time, their miserable screeches will definitely attract the furious monkey groups. It will only be ordinary monkey groups at first which you will be able to block and fend off. Then it should be those three monkey kings.” Fang Yuan replied while burying the grass Gu.

Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help nodding her head.

Wild beasts were wild beasts, possessing limited intelligence. Fang Yuan’s plan might be very rough, but it was absolutely practical.

“As long as we kill the three monkey kings, getting the monkey wine will be as easy as a pie. Of course, it will be even better if we can take the Gu worms on those monkey kings.” Bai Ning Bing mulled over it.

Following this, they spent the whole afternoon in this pit.

Bai Ning Bing produced the Charred Thunder Potato Gu continuously, after which Fang Yuan would personally bury them into the ground, and then the two would bury that layer of soil. After one layer of soil was another layer of soil, till the pit was filled to the surface.

The two were drenched in sweat. Fortunately, Fang Yuan possessed the strength of two boars and Bai Ning Bing had also fully cultivated the strength of one crocodile.

However, the next day, Fang Yuan wasn’t showing any signs of stopping and continued to dig out another pit.

Bai Ning Bing was puzzled by it.

Fang Yuan replied: “Just one pit isn’t enough of a guarantee, there should always be backup plans. Being a bit more prepared is always a good thing.”

Like this, in the following three days, Bai Ning Bing finally became aware of Fang Yuan’s close to perverted ‘cautiousness’.

They had dug no less than five pits and buried great numbers of Charred Thunder Potato Gu. Naturally, the scale of the first pit was the greatest.

Due to all these preparations, the grass skirt monkey plan went by extremely smoothly.

The monkey groups were all defeated with just two pitfalls.

Out of the three monkey kings, two died and one was injured; the injured monkey king escaped with the remaining monkey groups. The dead monkey kings were blasted to pieces, the Gu worms on them didn’t survive.

Fang Yuan stored great amounts of monkey wine till the tusita flower couldn’t store anymore.

The amount of wine was enough to reverse-refine the four flavors liquor worm. There wouldn’t be a problem in feeding the liquor worm for at least two years. And if they came across a caravan, these monkey wine could also be sold for good price.

“Before we go on, we need to clean the battlefield and fill up the two exploded pits.”

“Is there a necessity for such cautiousness?” Bai Ning Bing felt pain whenever she thought of the pitfalls, now.

Fang Yuan glanced at her before saying one sentence which made Bai Ning Bing obediently work-

“Did you forget how we chased that demonic path female Gu master?”

It was by relying on the tracks left by the demonic path female Gu master on her way.

Those pitfalls that you dug, don’t end up burying yourself with it!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Bai Gu mountain, I am finally here.” Fang Yuan sighed as he stared at the white mountain from a slope.

Bai Ning Bing was beside him, standing silently.

The two were in rags with tiredness showing all over their faces.

Just earlier, they had escaped from the Steel Rage Boars family of five.

Steel Rage Boars were a peculiar beast group, having small numbers and moved around in families of less than ten members. But any mature Steel Rage Boars were at least a hundred beast king.

In the family of five that was chasing after Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing – Grandpa boar was a thousand beast king, while daddy boar and mother boar were hundred beast kings, and even their son and daughter had rank 1 Gu worms in them.

It has been 5 days since they stole the monkey wine. After a long and arduous journey, Bai Gu mountain was finally in reach.

The southern border was full of mountains, ordinary hills were not called mountains, only when they were at least ten thousand feet can they be qualified to be called a mountain.

Bai Ning Bing stood on the slope, staring at the faraway mountain.

This was her first time seeing Bai Gu mountain.

There were many hills surrounding the Qing Mao mountain. But this Bai Gu mountain was like a solitary general, rising high above the ground while the surroundings were flat, and the scenery around it was deathly white.

This white, was not the snow-like white, but more of a bone-white color.

Bai Gu mountain, as the name implied, every rock on the mountain were made of bones. People called it bone rocks.

Bai Gu mountain was not an absolute dead area, there were many special vegetation and large numbers of bone beasts living here. At the same time there were many bone type wild Gu worms.

Bai Ning Bing looked and looked, frowning.

Any tall mountain and long river, were the condensation ground of primeval essence. Bai Gu mountain was uninhabited, a completely wild mountain. There were many wild beasts, Gu worms and fatal plants. This is such a dangerous place yet Fang Yuan insists on entering the mountain, what intentions does he have?

Or rather, what thing was there that deeply attracted him?

Fang Yuan was flipping through his memories at this moment.

Bai Gu mountain was still a wild mountain now, without any human inhabitants. But this situation will change completely 10 years later.

A large size village will move their base here and develop.

This clan was named Bai, the Bai village.

In the future, with Bai Gu mountain as their center, they would become the overlord of the surrounding thousand miles of land.

What Fang Yuan remembers most clearly, is not the rise of the Bai village’s power, because in this world, a single person’s strength can be above a group’s.

Rather, he was thinking of a pair of twins in the Bai village.

Bai Sheng and Bai Hua.

This pair of siblings discovered a cave by accident during a test at Bai Gu mountain’s back area, when they were eighteen.

In this cave, they activated an inheritance; it was a complete inheritance of a rank four Righteous Gu Master.

This Gu Master’s name was unknown, only his title was left behind— “Flesh Bone Lord”.

Bai Sheng and Bai Hua benefited greatly from this, and became the twin stars of the righteous path after getting the inheritance. A hundred years later, they both rose to rank five, taking over Bai village.

The strength of two rank five Gu Masters pushed the clan’s strength to an apex.

“The gu worms in a complete inheritance would cover all six aspects of attack, healing, defense, movement, storage and investigation. After getting this inheritance, I will be able to hold my own and have the ability to advance or retreat.”

Earlier when Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing escaped from Qing Mao mountain, their gu worms were not well-rounded because of their low cultivation; they were like a boat moving against the tides, moving up the cliff. With just a little bad luck, they would be in danger.

After a tough struggle, their chance came, and they killed a heavily injured demonic female Gu Master. By taking her gu which included the rice bag gu and jumping grass gu, they could barely get by.

But they still had weaknesses.

Not only due to the lack of healing gu, but also because of their low cultivation.

Even if Fang Yuan advanced to rank 1 middle stage, so what? Green copper primeval essence was still green copper primeval essence.

What he was relying on now was his A grade talent and the heavenly essence treasure lotus’ recovery speed to sustain his consumption.

But to be strict, his battle strength was negligible. If not for Bai Ning Bing he might have died to the crocodiles during the battle in the beach.

He was able to get this far due to Bai Ning Bing.

But relying on others could never compare to relying on oneself.

“If I can get the Bai Gu mountain inheritance, many problems would be easily resolved.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.

Firstly it was the jade bones Gu. With this Gu, the bones in his body would cast away the brittleness of mortal bones, and become more firm and tougher. His current body can only sustain the strength of two boars, but after he used the jade bones Gu, he would be able to add the strength of a crocodile on top of this.

After that was a healing Gu, Fang Yuan remembered this inheritance has a very famous rank three healing Gu, ‘flesh white bones’. In his previous life, it was received by Bai Hua, causing her to become a famous healing Gu Master.

Finally, it was the one Fang Yuan ranked as the most important, “bone flesh unity Gu.”

This Gu was the Bone Flesh Lord’s innovation, the only one in the world. This Gu’s incredible usage riled up many large forces in the southern borders, in his previous life.

If gu worms were to be classified according to their use, they could be divided into seven categories.

Attack, Defense, Healing, Investigation, Storage, Movement and Cultivation.

Liquor worm, four flavor liquor worm, man-beast burial Gu, relic Gu, or heavenly essence treasure lotus – they were all under cultivation category.

And this bone flesh unity Gu was a mystical Gu under the cultivation category.

Similar to yin yang rotation Gu, it was a pair of Gu, used on two Gu Masters. It could let the two Gu Masters undergo dual cultivation 1 and advance their cultivation together, getting greater effects with less effort.

“If I can obtain the bone flesh unity Gu, with Bai Ning Bing’s help, I can advance my cultivation quickly. My cultivation will be shocking after I reach rank three stage! Especially in early stages, its effects will be even better than the liquor worm. I must get it no matter what!”

Fang Yuan glanced at Bai Ning Bing through the corner of his eyes.

Bai Ning Bing realized nothing, still staring at Bai Gu mountain.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart. When they were about to move out, a few silhouettes suddenly flew towards them.

“Eh? Righteous Gu Masters!” Both Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were taken aback.

A total of four Gu Masters were approaching them. When they were a hundred steps away, they landed on the ground and moved towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

The leader was an old Gu Master, giving off a rank three aura while the remaining three were all rank two.

Their uniform were the same and their movements were in synergy, showing the signs of an elite group.

“How can we encounter righteous Gu Masters in this desolate mountain range?”

“Gu Masters and wild beasts are completely different, even though I am rank three peak stage, with the chainsaw golden centipede’s razors dulled and Fang Yuan as a burden, I might not be their match. We’re in trouble now…”

The four Gu Masters got closer amidst Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s bitter sighs.

————————————————————————————————————-

Dusk.

The last few rays of the sun were like blood, and crows screeched as they flew back to their nests.

Tie Ao Tian walked in the center of the group with a cold expression.

There were eight people in their group when they had set out of Qing Mao mountain, each were an expert of the clan. But now only three of his group remained.

Tie Ao Tian’s heart bled when he thought of the sacrifices.

The losses were too severe!

This was way out of his expectations. The losses were not because their cultivations were insufficient, but because their luck was too bad!

After finding out Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s traces, they started to move along Huang Long river. But Huang Long river flowed too rapidly, leaving behind barely any traces. Even if they used gu worms and had investigative experts, they still deviated from the path.

With no choice, they had to move against the current, spending a lot of time before discovering Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s raft.

However, troubles came soon after.

They encountered a large number of six legged crocodiles and were attacked.

To be honest they were pretty unlucky, this beach was the breeding ground of the six legged crocodiles, and after it was destroyed, the six legged crocodiles that dominated the area were wiped out.

Beast groups were also split up into different forces. After the original owner died, this place became free for all, and many surrounding groups of six legged crocodiles competed for it.

Just when they were about to take control of this area, Tie clan’s group arrived on the shore.

“What thing dares to invade our territory?”

“This land belongs to us six legged crocodiles!”

“Snatching territory from us, you’re asking for it…”

The territorial concept of wild beasts was not to be trifled with. Thus, a huge battle broke out, and under the united attacks of two groups of thousand beast groups and three groups of hundred beast groups, the Tie clan group lost two members and were forced to escape.

Fang Yuan’s methods of removing traces were very experienced. Thus, their investigations did not make much progress.

With the help of Gu worms, they eventually found out the direction Fang Yuan was headed to.

But then, a colorful nightmare descended.

The Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant descended from the sky, staring at them and thinking of them as food.

Even now, the entire escape process was deeply buried in Tie Ao Tian’s heart. The image of the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant became his nightmare, waking him up from his sleep every night.

Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant took away three of his companions’ lives. Among them were their most professional investigative Gu Master, and even a rank three defensive Gu Master.

Truly insane losses.

Right now, the Gu Master in charge of investigation was a half-baked one.

Even with such a loss, Tie Ao Tian did not think of giving up.

He was the fourth young master of Tie clan, with A grade aptitude and carried the hopes and dreams of the clan since young. He cultivated intensely, inheriting the iron will personality of the Tie clansmen.

Reinforcing Tie Xue Leng and his daughter was his first mission out of the village.

But he only managed to save Tie Ruo Nan, and the divine investigator was sacrificed. This was a great contrast to his original intention.

However, if he caught the demonic bastard that got the blood sea inheritance and take revenge for Tie Xue Leng, it would be a great success.

Such a merit would turn into his asset when vying for the clan leader position in the future, getting him more support from the clansmen.

He was not worried about the strength of the demonic bastards. In the process of chasing them, they had discovered from the traces that the two had limited battle strength, or maybe they had suffered some injuries, only having the collective strength of one rank three Gu Master.

“Even though I lost many companions, I am a rank three Gu Master, and so is Tie Dao Ku. With two other rank two Gu Masters to assist, our strength dominates those two. Once we capture the demonic bastards, the loss of manpower will turn into proof of my “iron will” and “never give up” traits!” Tie Ao Tian’s eyes shone with determination.

“Fourth young master, we have found some traces ahead, it seems the direction we are heading is not wrong!” At this moment, the investigative Gu Master reported.

“Oh? Quickly bring me there.”

After the time taken to drink a cup of tea, two holes were dug open, revealing corpses of a large number of grass skirt monkey.

“These grass skirt monkeys have died for less than a week, it seems we are catching up to those two!” Tie Dao Ku said in joy.

Tie Ao Tian breathed in deeply, his mood was suddenly lifted!

“Finally, we’re nearing the end.” He clenched his fists, walking forward excitedly.

He stared at the beautiful sky, the night lights shone on his young face, reflecting brightly in his eyes.

All his patience and efforts were not in vain, he was finally getting the results!

“Although the sun is setting, I can see hopes and the future from it…” He sighed in his heart, suddenly having the mood to ascend this slope, and enjoy this beautiful moment.

The few Gu Masters near him, gazed at him with admiration.

“Fourth young master is indeed fourth young master!”

“On this journey, we had thought of giving up, but fourth young master persevered alone, and now he is about to get the fruits of his labor.”

“In fourth young master, I can see the clan’s hopes, and a bright future ahead.”

“I swear I will only follow fourth young master in this life!”

They stared in daze at Tie Ao Tian ascending the slope. They could almost see the scene where one day, Tie Ao Tian ascends to the position of the clan leader.

But at the next moment, an intense explosion occurred.

 BOOM!!!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Mo Xing was already sixty-eight years old.

He should have retired already at this age. However, Bai clan was in a rough situation these few years, and as an important clan elder and the uncle of the clan leader, he – who had always been working hard and doing his best – couldn’t abandon the clan. Now, during this crucial moment of his clan’s fate, he undertook the orders to leave the mountain, but during the journey, he accidentally sensed the aura of two Gu Masters.

Were they demonic Gu Masters?

This trip was very important to Bai clan and there could be no mistakes. Thus, he immediately led his group and approached the source of the aura.

“Two youngsters?” He was shocked when he saw Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

His gaze paused on Bai Ning Bing first.

Bai Ning Bing looked frosty and her blue eyes gave off cold light as she stared fearlessly at Bai Mo Xing, revealing her rank three aura.

“So young and already a rank three — a genius!” Not only Bai Mo Xing, the other three in his group also had such thoughts after seeing Bai Ning Bing.

At once, four pairs of eyes were fixated on Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing had transformed into a girl; her beautiful features gave off a cool aura, causing her to appear like a snow fairy. Her pearl-like brilliance that couldn’t be concealed by her tattered clothes, portrayed her firm personality, causing others to love yet pity her.

Compared to her, Fang Yuan’s presence was much dimmer.

He had an ordinary look, with cultivation of merely rank one, many gazes swept through him and went back to Bai Ning Bing.

Fang Yuan liked this; the less attention he receives, the better.

Bai Mo Xing, however, was different, his gaze quickly turned towards Fang Yuan.

Bai Ning Bing was protecting Fang Yuan and her stance showed that she would not give up without a fight. And Fang Yuan had a calm look, even though he was hiding behind her.

“To be closely protected by this young genius girl, this young man seems to be the leader of the two, who is he?” Bai Mo Xing was after all very experienced, his discerning skills were very accurate.

He had thought they were two demonic Gu Masters, but now his heart wavered.

Seeing Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan’s appearance, as well as their righteous Gu Masters clothing, they seemed more like young masters in distress.

“If they are demonic Gu Masters, just kill them. But if they are young masters from other clans, we have to watch out. If we cause the forces behind them to take revenge on our Bai clan, I, Bai Mo Xing, will become the clan’s sinner! But thankfully our side is stronger than them, thus the situation is under control.”

Bai Mo Xing was still thinking, when Fang Yuan suddenly took a step forward. He cupped his fists: “I am Gu Yue Fang Zheng, young master of Qing Mao Mountain’s Gu Yue clan, my respects to senior.”

“Qing Mao mountain?”

“Gu Yue clan young master?”

The people were bewildered.

Bai Ning Bing was also shocked, but she lowered her head so as to cover her gaze from giving them off.

She knew that Fang Yuan was starting to cook up a story again. The enemy was stronger than them, thus they had to rely on wits to get out of their predicament.

She clearly understood the situation, the rapport they had built up these few days caused her to move one small step back towards Fang Yuan’s side. She continued staring at them angrily, like a close bodyguard who was not afraid of dying.

“Young lad, you are lying! Qing Mao mountain has long been destroyed, you think I don’t know that?” Bai Mo Xing shouted with a cold expression.

Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, waving his hands: “Exactly because Qing Mao mountain is destroyed, I ended up here. Could I be so presumptuous as to ask for senior’s name?”

Bai Mo Xing hesitated, but a young man beside him quickly spoke: “Then listen closely, we are the elites of Bai clan and this is our Bai clan’s number one elder, also my uncle — Lord Bai Mo Xing!”

Bai Mo Xing really wanted to strangle this nephew to death. This secret operation by Bai clan this time, was on a large scale, but their true intentions were unknown to those who were not higher ups. Thus, these people were completely in the dark.

On the surface they were out hunting to temper the young masters’ bravery. But their true motive was to find the spirit spring in Bai Gu mountain, and start their wild beasts extermination operation.

“But there’s no way they can guess it.” Bai Mo Xing calmed down as he looked at Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

“As expected, it was Bai clan.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.

He had already guessed the situation from these four Gu Masters’ appearance.

Bai clan’s spirit spring was drying out; they needed to find a new one and relocate their clan.

The act of relocating a clan was very important, and many preparatory work went into it, and secrecy was also one of them.

Otherwise, once the enemy forces found out, they could disrupt their plans and cause the entire Bai clan to fall into danger of getting wiped out.

 What Fang Yuan had not expected was the Bai clan leader planning so far ahead, starting the preparations ten years earlier; sending these clansmen to Bai Gu mountain occasionally to carry out their scouting.

There were indeed reasons beyond luck in Bai clan’s eventual prosperity.

The appearance of Bai clan Gu Masters was a surprise to Fang Yuan and this would have a great impact on his following actions.

On the surface, however, Fang Yuan smiled and cupped his fists: “Oh so you are from Bai clan, a fellow clan from righteous faction, nice to meet all of you!”

He then turned to Bai Ning Bing and said: “Ning Bing, stay down, we are safe. Bai clan does not have demonic Gu Masters.”

Bai Ning Bing felt goosebumps all over her body when she heard Fang Yuan speak in such a gentle manner.

She held in her disgust, and withdrew her battle intent, taking another step back while still remaining silent.

This act caused the four opposing Gu Masters to sigh in relief.

After all, she was a rank three Gu Master.

“So her name is Ning Bing…” Bai Mo Xing’s nephew repeated the name in his heart, his expression slightly dazed.

Bai Mo Xing narrowed his eyes and probed: “It sounds like Junior Gu Yue has met some demonic Gu Masters along the way?”

“Yes, my heart still palpitates when I think about it.” Fang Yuan patted his chest with fear in his eyes: “But luckily, the clan leader and a few clan elders came in time, and killed that rank three Gu Master.”

“Clan leader and elders…” Bai Mo Xing’s heart jumped as he quickly followed up: “Don’t tell me your clan leader and elders are nearby?”

Fang Yuan shook his head, sighing: “We got lost from the main team.”

Bai Mo Xing’s heart eased. But Fang Yuan’s next sentence caused him to be alert again: “But I believe that before long, we will regroup again. Because our destination this time is Bai Gu mountain.”

Bai Mo Xing was nervous: “Bai Gu mountain? Why are you all coming to Bai Gu mountain?”

“This…” Fang Yuan hesitated and didn’t speak up.

Bai Mo Xing snorted while a bad feeling emerged in his heart.

Now that Qing Mao mountain was destroyed, what would the remains of the Gu Yue clan do? Obviously finding a new location and rebuild their home!

“Don’t tell me they chose Bai Gu mountain too? Damn it!” In an instant, Bai Mo Xing’s heart surged with killing intent.

If his guess was correct, then Qing Mao mountain’s main team was his Bai clan’s enemy.

But he soon contained his killing intent. He was old and was no longer as impulsive as back when he was young.

When an elder handled matters, stability was their main priority.

He calmed down and thought about it, even if he killed these two immediately, it might not salvage the situation!

Killing these two would not stop the remaining Qing Mao mountain inhabitants from coming, it would instead worsen the situation, creating foes even before they met.

These enemies had no foundation here but were powerful. Didn’t you hear what the Gu Yue young master said? The main team had the clan leader and several elders. The most troublesome part was these people wouldn’t hesitate to fight to death if the situation became desperate.

Furthermore, even if he attacked now, that girl called Ning Bing was a true rank three Gu Master. His side would still have casualties, although they were stronger.

Finally, such an important matter should not be decided by him. The clan leader was not far away, why not ask her for instructions?

Bai Mo Xing decided to stabilize the situation with Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing first as he thought of this.

He started smiling and said enthusiastically: “This is really a coincidence junior, our Bai clan’s main team is just nearby. We are holding an annual hunting event, as half the landlord, we invite you to come and be a guest. Please allow us to host you.”

“This…” Fang Yuan hesitated purposely.

“Come, our Bai clan’s grilled lamb leg is top tier.” Bai Mo Xing’s nephew also began to persuade, but his gaze was fixed on Bai Ning Bing.

Fang Yuan touched his tummy, showing a conflicted expression – a bit of hesitation but also yearning.

Bai Mo Xing’s eyes shone and laughed loudly: “Junior don’t hesitate, anymore and you are not giving me face.”

Only then did Fang Yuan bow: “Then I shall impose upon your clan.”

A banquet was held inside a spacious tent.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing took a seat next to each other.

A few clan elders sat opposite each other, and in the head seat was the Bai clan leader.

The tent’s roof was opened, allowing them to see the blue sky. And in the center was a lamb being grilled, its fragrance extending throughout the entire tent.

“Come, lamb leg is the most tender. Guests from afar, please have a taste.” Bai clan leader said with enthusiasm.

She was a middle-aged woman, and under her indication, the servants grilling the lamb, cut the lamb leg and offered it to Fang Yuan. Soon after, they cut off the other leg and placed it in front of Bai Ning Bing in a silver plate.

The lamb leg was still sizzling hot, Fang Yuan took a bite; he could taste the crispy fragrant skin and the tender juicy meat. If it had been marinated with some honey or some cumin powder, it would have been even tastier.

“Indeed a delicacy, no less than the grass skirt monkey’s brains.” Even Bai Ning Bing was full of praises.

“Our guest’s happiness is our utmost pleasure. Hahaha.” Bai Mo Xing laughed.

Fang Yuan ate and ate, when suddenly, his tears started flowing out.

Everyone was shocked. Bai clan leader asked: “Junior Fang Zheng, why are you crying?”

“The taste is truly divine, but thinking of the last few days where I and Ning Bing could barely survive, going through one danger after another, and thinking of our clansmen suffering in the wild without food to eat, I can’t help but feel heartache, please forgive me Bai clan leader.” Fang Yuan stood up and cupped his fist.

The few clan elders glanced at each other and sighed.

Bai clan leader asked: “My clan feels deep sympathy towards Gu Yue clan’s disaster. Junior, can you tell me what in the world happened at Qing Mao mountain?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 216: Green Copper Relic Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The once lively Qing Mao mountain had turned into a world of ice and snow. Such a change had long attracted the attention and investigations of nearby forces. In these few months, news of Qing Mao mountain being destroyed had gradually spread far.

“I don’t dare to recall, every time I think of it, it feels so painful.” Fang Yuan sat down, his face full of grief.

“Servants, bring the wine.” Seeing Fang Yuan unwilling to speak, Bai clan leader did not pursue the matter, but ordered her servants to bring two vats of wine.

Bai Ning Bing was indifferent, she never drank wine, only water.

Fang Yuan opened the seal immediately, gulping and drinking a mouthful as his tears fell once again.

Bai clan leader was stunned: “Junior, why are you crying again?”

“Your clan’s wine is intoxicating, but it makes me recall our green bamboo wine and of those days when I drank on Qing Mao mountain.” Fang Yuan wiped his tears as he said.

The clan elders’ sighs became even louder, and many started consoling Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s encounter caused them to feel a sense of resonance. After all, Bai clan’s spirit spring was starting to dry out, and if they couldn’t find a new spirit spring, Gu Yue clan’s sorry state would be their Bai clan’s future.

Bai clan leader consoled him once more, only then did Fang Yuan stop crying.

“Who would not feel pain when their home is destroyed? I can understand junior’s feelings. But as long as people remain, there is hope. Junior, don’t grieve. I believe that in a few days, you will be reunited with your clansmen.” Bai Mo Xing probed.

Fang Yuan acted as if he was unaware, wiping his tears and answering casually: “Yeah, it should be in a few days.”

Hearing this reply, Bai Mo Xing and Bai clan leader glanced at each other.

After the banquet, Bai clan leader called Bai Mo Xing and entered a secret discussion.

“Clan leader, the situation is bad. Gu Yue village was destroyed, why did these remaining people come to Bai Gu mountain? It is likely that they want to snatch this territory, should we strike first instead?” Bai Mo Xing was worried.

“Hehehe.” Bai clan’s female leader laughed lightly instead.

Bai Mo Xing was bewildered: “Why is clan leader laughing?”

The female clan leader squinted and explained: “Don’t be rash Elder Mo Xing, this situation has boon and bane. As long as we operate this well, we can save much effort.”

Bai Mo Xing started to ponder the clan leader’s words deeply.

That’s right!

Bai clan’s spirit spring was running dry after so many years of usage. They needed to find a new spirit spring as soon as possible, and this time they were searching for a suitable spring on Bai Gu mountain under the cover of hunting.

Bai clan’s main group had just arrived and could not find anything yet. But if Gu Yue clan’s remnants were coming to Bai Gu mountain, they had to know some intel.

It could even be deduced that Gu Yue clan definitely held information on that spirit spring.

Bai clan leader saw Bai Mo Xing’s expression change and continued: “Looks like you got it. Actually, any large mountain is a gathering of primeval essence, and thus a spirit spring will be there. But to find the spirit spring’s specific location, it is not easy and requires a lot of manpower and resources.”

“There are Fang, Liao and Fan clan around our Bai clan, they are all strong clans with equal power. If the matter about our Bai clan’s spirit spring running dry gets out, they will take advantage of the situation and attack our weakness, thus we decided earlier that we have to secretly find the spirit spring’s location under the guise of a hunting competition. But by doing this, we are greatly restricted and have to expend even greater manpower and resources in searching for the spirit spring.”

Bai clan leader was full of worries, but could not express her helplessness.

Bai Mo Xing continued: “Thus, clan leader wants to obtain information about the spirit spring from Gu Yue clan?”

“That’s right.” Bai clan leader nodded, her eyes shining brightly: “Gu Yue clan’s leader and elders won’t be easy to deal with, but with those two youngsters in our control? This is a godsend opportunity!”

Bai Mo Xing frowned: “But, I see that those two are not stupid. That lass is obviously one of those iron-willed stubborn type, while that young lad, although weak, was unfazed in dangerous situations, being calm at all encounters. The first time we met, even when he was surrounded by us, he did not show a hint of panic. It will not be easy if we want them to divulge information.”

Bai clan leader chuckled: “If he did not have such composure, how would he be a clan’s young master? These two young masters are very outstanding, but if they weren’t, I would be doubting their identities.”

Bai Mo Xing continued: “Thus, you have to think twice clan leader. If we interrogate them forcefully, they might not submit to us. With the traces they left behind, Gu Yue clan will be here soon. These are the type of desperate people with nothing to lose, except their lives.”

Bai clan leader waved her hand: “That is not a worry, clan elder, I have a plan.”

“Oh? This old one shall listen.”

Bai clan leader said it softly while Bai Mo Xing’s old eyes kept on getting brighter.

After Bai clan leader finished, Bai Mo Xing could not help but praise: “This is a good plan! I saw that Gu Yue Fang Zheng is very attached to his clan, he even cried twice for his clan in the banquet. He is after all a youngster, clan leader, this plan that you came up with is like placing honey in front of a young bear or placing a carrot before a young rabbit. There will be no issues getting him hooked.”

———————————————————————-

Fang Yuan opened a corner of the tent’s cover.

It was night time already, but Bai clan’s temporary camp was well lit.

The tents were placed perfectly in order, with iron racks and torches at every certain distance, and patrolling gu master groups all night round.

“Young master Fang Zheng, what is the matter?” Fang Yuan had just opened the cover, and the two guards at the door immediately walked over.

Fang Yuan burped out some wine: “I drank a lot of wine at the banquet, is there anywhere I can relieve myself?”

“Young master, right this way. You are our esteemed guest, the clan leader has arranged a special spot for you, no further than thirty steps away.” One of the guards immediately said.

“Give me a direction, I do not like anyone near me when i pee.” Fang Yuan rejected.

“I do not dare to disobey young master, the wooden lavatory is right there.” The guard pointed towards it, bowed and left.

Fang Yuan got to the wooden lavatory, and after peeing, he pretended to be drowsy and walked in an opposite direction. He was not even twenty steps out when a few patrolling Gu Masters came over: “Esteemed guest, that is the wrong direction, your tent is over there.”

“Is that so? I remembered it was there.” Fang Yuan burped.

“Esteemed guest, this way please.” Bai clan gu masters smiled hypocritically, with a forceful tone.

Fang Yuan was brought back to the tent again.

In the tent, the lights were turned on.

There were two beds on eastern and western side in the tent. Bai Ning Bing was sitting on her bed and cultivating, using primeval essence to nurture her aperture.

Hearing Fang Yuan enter, she opened her eyes, inquiring with her gaze.

Fang Yuan glanced at her, before falling down on the bed: “Ning Bing, sleep early. You were exhausted these few days. Don’t worry, we will join up with our clansmen in few days.”

His words slurred at the end, and eventually he closed his eyes, snoring, evidently falling asleep.

Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk. She knew Fang Yuan was acting, purposely saying that as a precaution against any surveillance type Gu worms. He had gone out earlier to pee, but returned so early which meant the area was tightly secured and it was impossible for them to escape quietly in dark.

She couldn’t help but be worried. Although she was at rank three peak stage, her Gu worms were not optimal, causing her battle strength to be insufficient.

While in this camp, Bai clan leader was at rank four, and there are five to six clan elders, and a lot of rank two Gu masters.

” To be meat on somebody’s chopping board. ” That was the current situation. Although Bai clan was a righteous faction, people die for fortune and birds die for food, once the benefits exceeded the risk, they would definitely commit murder in secret.

Bai Ning Bing knew the Gu worms in Fang Yuan’s possession were all extremely rare. Heavenly essence treasure lotus, blood skull Gu, once exposed, would definitely attract the greed of Bai clan Gu Masters.

The reason they did not act yet was because Fang Yuan used the threat of the non existent Gu Yue clansmen to temporarily lie to them.

A few days later, when they do not see Gu Yue clansmen arrive, they would be suspicious. By then, Fang Yuan and her would be at a tight spot.

“How do I get out of this predicament?” Bai Ning Bing frowned, staring at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan had already turned around, his back facing her, and he seemed to have really slept from the sound of his relaxed breathing.

“You sure take it easy!” Bai Ning Bing snorted, feeling anxious and helpless in her heart.

————————————————————–

The next day. It was a bright sunny day.

There were three loud drum beats which signified the Bai clan leader summoning the clansmen.

“Our Bai clan annual hunting competition starts from today and will continue for the next seven days, it is time for you to display your strength. According to our rules, those who get a decent ranking will be heavily rewarded! Next, feel free to display all your bravery and strength.”

Bai clan leader waved her hand, and the village gates opened. The Gu Masters were eager to start the competition, rushing out impatiently.

Not long later, they entered the forest from their respective positions, vanishing into the wilderness.

The crowded camp had become more spacious and empty.

“Junior Fang Zheng, did you sleep well last night?” Bai clan leader turned around, asking Fang Yuan with a smile.

Fang Yuan cupped his fist: “Thank you clan leader for the hospitality. Last night I fell asleep immediately after lying down, and it was morning already when I woke up.”

“Hahaha.” Bai clan leader smiled, patting Fang Yuan’s shoulders, giving off a kind and affectionate feeling: “Does junior want to enter our clan’s hunting competition? Let us see the valor of a Gu Yue clansman!”

Fang Yuan showed a difficult expression, rejecting: “I am ashamed! Junior was heavily injured not too long ago, and my cultivation fell from rank three. Thankfully I was saved by the clan, but now I only have rank one middle stage cultivation.”

Even without Fang Yuan mentioning it, his rank one aura was clear to the eyes.

“No worries junior. As our clan’s esteemed guest, you will definitely be well treated. How about this, as long as junior can hunt an adult black bear, this green copper relic Gu will be your reward.” Bai clan leader clapped her hand, and a Gu Master beside her opened his palm, as a finger-sized round ball shaped Gu emerged.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart, but showed an earnest expression: “Then this junior shall take up the invitation!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 217: Giving others a hold on oneself 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Howl!

In the forest, a plump black bear as large as two meters was standing on its two legs.

It growled towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, but the two were indifferent, causing the black bear to become furious. It landed on all fours and pounced towards the two youngsters.

Do not be fooled by the bear’s clumsy looks, its running speed was, in fact, very fast – twice the speed of ordinary humans.

Seeing the black bear nearing fifty steps from him, Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile as if he had achieved his target.

Bam.

With a loud bang, soil was sent flying.

The black bear cried out pitifully, its advancement came to a stop as if it had suffered a blow to the head.

Overcame by anger due to suffering such an absurd attack, it quickly changed to another direction and rushed towards Fang Yuan once again.

But after only stepping out for ten steps, the ground exploded again.

Howl!

The black bear’s chest was blown to a bloody mess, its eyes turned red as its rage reached a tipping point, rushing forward once again.

“A wild beast after all, lacking in intelligence.” Fang Yuan sighed as he retreated.

The black bear chased relentlessly, but there would be an explosion every few steps it took.

After rushing for another few dozen steps, the black bear’s body was full of injuries with none of its fur intact. It was limping as its four limbs were crippled, there was no longer the fearsomeness of before.

Its anger had subsidaed, and the instinct for survival kicked in.

Even though Fang Yuan was standing no further than twenty steps away, it chose to retreat.

But Fang Yuan had already anticipated its retreating path, and dug a deep hole on the path, burying at least five Charred Thunder Potato Gu in there.

BOOM!

With a loud explosion, the battle ended.

At the same time, in the tent, wisps of smoke hovered in the air..

In the smoke, images flashed, as they portrayed the process of Fang Yuan’s battle in real time.

“Elder Mo Xing, what do you think?” Bai clan leader spoke after the battle ended.

Only she and Bai Mo Xing were inside the tent.

“If I am not wrong, this Gu Yue clan young master is using the Charred Thunder Potato Gu? This Gu is an expendable type, absorbing energy from the ground to grow, and explodes after impacted with vibrations. Among rank two Gu worms, it has strong attacking power but this Gu is severely weakened on Bai Gu mountain. Bai Gu mountain has no soil, and even the mountain rocks are made of bones, the Charred Thunder Potato Gu cannot be planted.” Bai Mo Xing continued evaluating.

Bai clan leader shook her head: “You analyzed well, but that’s not the point. Did you not notice, Fang Zheng did everything by himself – from burying the Charred Thunder Potato Gu to the end of the battle. He has a rank three bodyguard but chose to use the rank two Charred Thunder Potato Gu himself through a tedious process. Every time he buries a seed, he has to use primeval stones to recover his primeval essence, but he insists on doing it himself, what does that say?”

Bai Mo Xing’s eyes shone: “I understand, this Fang Zheng is an upright person, not one of those who like to scheme and skive. He agreed to enter the hunting competition, thus no matter how hard it is, he will not use outside forces to cheat.”

“Scheming and skiving characters have weak will, while upright characters are indomitable. If we want to find out the location of the spirit spring from these two people, the best way is to do so is indirectly, by using our wits. Hehe, my confidence in last night’s plans have increased again.” Bai clan leader smiled.

———————————————————

“Luckily I was able to accomplish my goals.” After half an incense was burnt through, Fang Yuan placed a torn bear skin in front of the Bai clan leader.

“Hehehe, in such a short time, junior managed to kill an adult black bear, as expected of Gu Yue clan’s young master.” Bai clan leader’s face showed a trace of shock, which immediately turned into a smile.

“Junior might as well go back to rest, the Green Copper Relic Gu will be sent over shortly.”

“Thank you clan leader, this junior will take his leave.”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing moved out of the central tent and back to their tent.

Soon after, a Gu Master brought over the Green Copper Relic Gu.

Fang Yuan took it, and immediately used it on the spot, raising his cultivation from middle to upper stage.

Gu Master’s small realms were easy to break through and was just a matter of efforts and time. Big realms, however, needed aptitude to breakthrough.

Relic Gu, Stone Aperture Gu along with many other Gu worms could reduce the time needed by Gu Master to raise their cultivation.

As for rank one upper stage, it is still rank one. This small growth could not change or affect the situation at all.

At night, Bai clan leader organized a banquet again, inviting Fang and Bai.

Bai clan’s tradition was to hold banquets everyday during the hunting competition. Large bonfire banquets were held in the open areas. As for the small banquet in the central tent, only the first few ranked participants would be invited.

But because Fang and Bai had different identities, they still remained on the guest seats.

“Come, let me introduce to junior our clan’s rising star. You youngsters should interact with each other.” During the banquet, Bai Mo Xing started the conversation.

There were four youngsters in the tent; two males and two females, all were rank three Gu Masters.

One of the guys was Bai Mo Xing’s nephew, Bai Mo Ting; he had a slim body and was ranked third in today’s hunting.

Among the two girls, one was called Bai Cao Shuai who looked very careless, but was ranked fourth. The other was called Bai Lian, she had white skin and thick eyebrows which gave her a fresh aura; she was the most beautiful girl in Bai clan.

The two girls sat opposite each other, forming a stark contrast.

“Bai Zhan Lie greets the two esteemed guests.” A young male Gu Master took the initiative and stole the words out of Bai Mo Xing’s mouth.

He was muscular and his manners contained arrogance along with strong battle intent. Looking at Fang and Bai, he first paused at Fang Yuan before showing a smile of disdain. Next his gaze was locked onto Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing was like a snow fairy with her silver hair and blue eyes, surpassing Bai Lian in terms of beauty. More importantly, she was at rank three peaks stage, attracting Bai Zhan Lie’s attention.

He snorted: “It seems that your Gu Yue clan has strong women and weak men?”

Bai Ning Bing was like an ice block, showing no reaction.

Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold and slightly ugly.

Bai clan leader interrupted: “This is the number one youth expert in our clan, junior don’t blame him for his inconsiderate words.”

“Of course not.” Fang Yuan moved his lips, facing Bai clan leader: “Brother Zhan Lie is a dragon among men, I am deeply amazed.”

His tone was complex, and his expression was perfectly displayed; some tolerance due to being under others’ roof, the helplessness of his own weak cultivation and some indignant pride of a youngster.

Even Bai Ning Bing was taken by surprise.

Bai Zhan Lie snorted, while Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.

He knew the Bai clan situation, but Bai clan did not know his true trump cards. The situation might seem dire for him, but he had a strong grasp on the advantage he had – information.

“How to make good use of this advantage, that is the key to getting out of our predicament. Green Copper Relic Gu is a good sign, showing that Bai clan is worried about the non-existent Gu Yue clan remnants. They do not want to do it by force, but instead trick and manipulate us. Is this Bai Zhan Lie the next chess piece? Now that I think about it, his tone earlier was too forceful.”

“If he really is the Bai clan’s next move, there will be some problems. I might as well give my ‘handle’ to them, and expose my ‘weakness’…”

If he allowed the Bai clan to set up traps this casually, Fang Yuan would no doubt fall into a more passive situation.

Instead, he might as well give others a hold on himself, and expose some fake weaknesses, to gain some initiative.

Thinking so, Fang Yuan’s gaze swept through the tent, a ploy brewing in his scheming mind.

He looked at Bai Lian, opposite him.

After staring for a while, Bai Lian seemed to have noticed his gaze, but Fang Yuan turned his head over, seemingly observing something else.

As the banquet continued, Fang Yuan took peeks at Bai Lian from time to time, but avoided eye contact with her.

When the banquet was almost over, Fang Yuan peeked more often.

This situation was easily noticed by the Bai clan leader, and some clan elders.

The clan elders showed some amusement in their eyes.

It was a common thing for youths to get infatuated. Bai Lian was the beauty of Bai clan, it was natural for her to attract the attention of Gu Yue clan young master.

After the banquet was over, Bai Mo Xing excitedly went to see the clan leader: “Clan leader, did you see what happened during the banquet?”

Bai clan leader smiled: “Let me plan a bit more.”

The night passed by silently.

During the second day of the hunting competition, Bai clan leader called Fang Yuan again, telling him to hunt a earth horn rhino.

Fang Yuan reenacted the same method, using the Charred Thunder Potato Gu and blasting the earth horn rhino, bringing back its horn.

Bai clan leader praised him and rewarded him with a Clearing Heat Gu.

Clearing Heat Gu was like an armored worm fossil, with a half transparent jade rock texture. He felt a cool air passing on to him when he held it in his hand.

This Gu was a rank two healing Gu, used to cure poison.

Fang Yuan had finally fixed his greatest weakness after getting this Gu.

During the campfire banquet that night.

“This is my son and daughter. Bai Sheng, Bai Hua, stand up and toast this brother.” Bai clan leader said.

A pair of twins stood up, raising their cups like an adult, saying together: “Bai Sheng (Bai Hua) toasts Gu Yue young master.”

They bowed slightly with a solemn expression, showing their good upbringing. There was no hint of any childishness.

Fang Yuan was slightly stunned and sized up this pair of siblings attentively.

According to his previous life, these two kids would be the famous Righteous Twin Stars, their fame would last a long period of time. Both cultivated to rank 5 and expanded the Bai clan village to an unprecedented height.

At the same time, they were the inheritors of the Bai Gu mountain inheritance, and Bai Sheng even became the Bai clan leader eventually.

In a clan, the clan leader position was usually inherited by the clan leader’s own children. But for Gu Yue village, where the clan leader does not have children, they would choose an outstanding youngster from their pure bloodline descendants.

People have a growing process. Bai Sheng and Bai Hua might be grand heroes in the future, but now they were still too young, not even students yet.

Fang Yuan retracted his gaze and concentrated on Bai Lian again.

The banquet continued.

During the period, Fang Yuan continued to peek on Bai Lian, as Bai Zhan Lie continued to find problems, his tone haughtier than before. Bai Mo Xing’s nephew Bai Mo Ting was instead peeking at Bai Ning Bing.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 218: Performing a great show 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On the third day, Bai clan leader called for Fang Yuan again and gifted him many primeval stones in the name of hunting.

During the banquet, apart from stealing glances at Bai Lian, Fang Yuan took the initiative to toast to Bai clan leader with a sincere and grateful expression.

Bai clan leader didn’t speak but was inwardly very satisfied.

This night, Bai Lian visited Fang Yuan on her own accord. Her friend had been poisoned and clearing heat Gu would be very effective on it. However, clearing heat Gu was rare, thus she came to Fang Yuan to borrow it.

“Can’t endure it anymore huh?” Fang Yuan sneered inwardly while lending the clearing heat Gu without any objection.

Bai Lian seemed to be very grateful for this.

Fang Yuan then took the initiative to enthusiastically chat with her; the two started becoming closer and their relation rapidly improved.

The fifth day, at the banquet.

Bai Clan leader suddenly asked: “Junior, is your Gu Yue clan thinking of settling down in Bai gu mountain?”

Fang Yuan immediately stood up, he tried to appear composed, but couldn’t conceal the panic in his eyes: “Bai gu mountain lies close to Bai village, we could say it your esteemed clan’s territory. How could we dare to encroach upon it?”

Bai Clan leader smiled inwardly, she became more certain that the Gu Yue clan’s objective was Bai Gu mountain.

However, she hypocritically said: “Junior might not be fully aware of the complicated situation here. The pressure on our Bai clan is very big, it would be great if Gu Yue clan could stay here at Bai gu mountain as our clan’s ally.”

Fang Yuan promptly denied.

Bai Mo Xing also persuaded, Fang Yuan seemed to be moved but he did not yield.

After the banquet, Bai Lian also came over to indirectly talk about it; Fang Yuan expression became complicated, but he still didn’t admit it.

“Hmph, this kid, his mouth is very tight.” After the banquet, in the tent, Bai Mo Xing gritted his teeth and sighed.

“This is the demeanor of the young master of a clan, I am not surprised. We just have to raise the heat.” Bai clan leader’s gaze was pensive.

The next day, dawn.

Fang Yuan was still sleeping, when he was woken up by quarrelling noises from outside the tent.

He walked outside the tent to take a look, only to see Bai Zhan Lie aggressively pulling Bai Lian’s hands.

“Bai Zhan Lie, I told you many times to stop bothering me. Love can’t be forced!” Bai Lian swung off Bai Zhan Lie’s hand and said with an icy expression, “I still have things to do, take your leave.”

“Today’s hunting competition is about to begin, what things do you have to do? Or are you going to look for that gigolo from Gu Yue village?” Bai Zhan Lie furiously roared.

“Say whatever you want! Young master Fang Zheng is very kind and even lent the clearing heat Gu when I asked for it. If it was not for his help, could Bai Sheng Jing recover so quickly?”

“Lian Er, can you not be so simple minded? Clearing heat Gu, haha, the way I see it he is just thinking to get intimate with you. Don’t tell me you didn’t sense his glances?” Bai Zhan Lie worriedly said.

Bai Lian glared: “Bai Zhan Lie, enough is enough! Ah, young master Fang Zheng…”

As the two quarreled, they saw Fang Yuan who was standing outside the tent.

Fang Yuan looked a little embarrassed and his gaze showed some worry as he said to Bai Lian: “So it was Lady Bai Lian. Please come in if you have something to say.”

“You lad!” Bai Zhan Lie turned furious and seemed about to find trouble for Fang Yuan, but was stopped by Bai Lian half-way through.

“Bai Zhan Lie, what do you think you are doing? Are you crazy? This is our clan’s esteemed guest!”

“What esteemed guest, he is no more than a stray dog.” Bai Zhan Lie spat in contempt as he pointed at Fang Yuan, “Kid, if you have guts then let’s have a real contest! The loser will have to stop bothering Lian Er.”

“Hmph, I am only a rank one whereas you are a rank three and you have the nerve to say this. Could it be the grand Bai clan has no fairness?” Fang Yuan’s expression turned ugly.

“In this world, there has never been fairness, there are only strong and weak. You are a coward if you don’t dare to compete! So it turns out the Gu Yue clan produces cowards, hahaha….” Bai Zhan Lie threw his head back and laughed, the sound attracting many people.

“What’s going on?” Bai Mo Xing hurried over at this moment.

Bai Lian explained everything to him, Bai Mo Xing immediately criticized Bai Zhan Lie: “Stop fooling around, you actually dared to be rude to the esteemed guest!”

Bai Zhan Lie raised his head: “He didn’t dare to take up my challenge, he is not a warrior. Since he is not a warrior, why should I be courteous to him?”

“You!” Bai Mo Xing stared in fury.

Bai Lian said: “Anyone who accepts such challenge would be an idiot. Young master Fang Zheng’s cultivation has fallen because of injuries. If he was at his peak state, you might not be his opponent.”

A young lady was saying such things towards Fang Yuan, if Fang Zheng was really here, his heart would have been completely filled with appreciation.

Fang Yuan, however, sneered: Such a good performance!

“I will compete with you in place of young master Fang Zheng.” Bai Lian continued.

Bai Zhan Lie gasped with rage: “Why are you sticking out for him, besides on what basis are you representing him? He is only a gigolo, a spineless coward, I alone can win ten of him! I won’t compete with you. Kid, if you have guts then stand up. Not even saying anything, are you still a man?”

“If you want to compete, then let’s compete, who is afraid of whom!” Fang Yuan seemed to have been spurred on by the remarks, as he straightened his neck and said in an impulsive manner.

“Lord elder, did you hear it? He agreed!” Bai Zhan Lie immediately shouted out with glee all over his face.

Bai Mo Xing furrowed his brows: “One should always be brave enough to receive challenges. Junior Fang Zheng, we all see your bravery, but you are our clan’s esteemed guest, how will we explain to Gu Yue clan if there are any mishaps? And your cultivations are not at the same level, so the challenge loses its fairness.”

“Lord elder is correct, junior was thoughtless…” Fang Yuan deliberately hesitated.

Seeing Fang Yuan seemingly about to withdraw, Bai Zhan Lie and Bai Lian quickly communicated with their gazes.

Bai Zhan Lie continued to speak, provoking Fang Yuan’s anger and spurring him on.

Bai Lian bit her lips, before walking in front of Fang Yuan. She opened her watery big eyes and spoke softly: “Young master Fang Zheng, if I may be so bold to ask a favor.”

“Oh, what request?”

“I really wish young master would accept this challenge and help me get rid of Bai Zhan Lie’s persistence. I really can’t endure his harassment.” Bai Lian said with eyes filled with tears.

A young girl was imploring a boy like this, to drive away a nasty pursuer.

Especially if this boy also had good feelings about this young girl.

Tell me, which boy could refuse?

Thereupon, Fang Yuan immediately patted his chest and agreed: “Not to worry Lady Bai Lian, your affairs are my affairs, I will give it my all.”

Fang Yuan paused before speaking with some hesitation, “It is just that my cultivation is weaker than his at the moment. Just in case I lost….”

“Please be at ease young master, I have a plan already.” Bai Lian’s smile was like the blooming of a daffodil.

She turned around and said to Bai Mo Xing: “Lord elder, young master Fang Zheng might have agreed to the contest, but if we really were to continue with the duel, we might injure our harmony and it also wouldn’t be fair. I have a proposal; the hunting competition is ongoing currently, how about we take this chance to divide them into five person group and compete with the hunting accomplishments?”

“Yes, it is a good proposal.” Bai Mo Xing felt his beard and slightly nodded, “Okay, you will choose your own teams. But to be fair, the cultivation level of your teams must be proportionate.”

Bai Zhan Lie snorted in annoyance.

“Yes.” Bai Lian promptly bowed in happiness.

 —————————————————————–

After an hour, the two sides set off.

On Fang Yuan’s side, there were rank three Bai Ning Bing, Bai Lian and two other female Gu Masters with a similar age to Bai Lian, both all having rank two cultivation.

Among them was Bai Sheng Jing who was very grateful to Fang Yuan. She was the one who was poisoned and had been cured by Fang Yuan’s clearing heat Gu.

The group was harmonious, and although Fang Yuan had the lowest cultivation, he was the core of the group.

“Young master, you don’t need to worry, we have already gotten detailed information on the locations of the more precious preys. You only need to follow us.” Bai Sheng Jing was responsible for scouting, and she was quite lively.

The group followed her, and sure enough, they were able to kill many unique prey.

Fang Yuan didn’t have to exert himself and the whole thing felt like he was going on an excursion rather than hunting.

“Young master Fang Zheng, I heard others saying your Gu Yue clan is migrating to Bai Gu mountain, is that true?” Bai Sheng Jing seemed to have asked casually when they were returning from their rewarding hunt.

“Those talks are all baseless.” Fang Yuan smiled.

“Young master, you are gentle and refined, an upright gentleman, much better than that Bai Zhan Lie. Sigh, if you could stay at Bai gu mountain then we could meet each other more often in future.” Bai Sheng Jing continued.

Fang Yuan laughed and secretly glanced at Bai Lian who was walking alongside him.

Bai Lian seemed to be worried: “Settling down and establishing the village is not an easy thing. The most important condition is to find a spirit spring. However, the primeval energy around the spirit spring is very dense, so there will definitely be beasts pack or formidable wild Gu worms living near it. To establish the village, the very first exploration group will have to go through intense battles, either killing beast packs or the wild Gu worms. This process will definitely be accompanied by bloodbath and sacrifices.”

Upon saying so, she looked at Fang Yuan, “Actually, there are many bone Gu living in Bai Gu mountain. These bone Gu have tough physique and are difficult to deal with. There are also no soil in Bai Gu mountain, the ground is all made of bones and stones. It is not impossible to establish a village and survive on this mountain, but the price to pay is very high.”

“Oh, is it so?” Fang Yuan’s smile contained a trace of reluctance and his gaze seemed to revealed deep worry.

Then, he pretended to act nonchalant, asking: “I am quite interested in Bai Gu mountain. Bai Lian, your clan could be said to be half the owner, could you tell me what dangers are on this mountain?”

Bai Lian smiled: “Then please listen, young master.”

She exaggeratedly spoke while secretly activating the Anxiety Accumulation Gu inside her aperture.

This Gu worked as quietly as the spring breeze and would silently influence everyone within ten steps of it. It aggravated people’s thoughts and increased their worries.

Fang Yuan’s smiling expression gradually faded and the worries in his eyes became more visible.

“Young master Fang Zheng doesn’t need to worry, we will definitely win against Bai Zhan Lie this time.” Bai Sheng Jing intentionally eased Fang Yuan’s worries.

Fang Yuan nodded and after replying few sentences, he appeared absent-minded.

Following, he kept on asking many questions.

They were all about Bai Gu mountain, especially about certain areas in the back of the mountain.

Bai Lian patiently answered all his questions.

This scene was playing in real time in the camp.

“The fish has taken the bait.” Bai clan leader showed a smug smile, “Back of the mountain…”

She started looking at the map on the table.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 219: Entering Bai Gu mountain 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

After a short period of time, Bai clan leader took her gaze off the map, giving up.

Bai Gu mountain was huge, even though the range was restricted to the back mountain, it was still a long way to pinpointing the exact location.

“That Gu Yue lad, he is on guard against our Bai clan and would not ask for the direction directly. It seems that to find out the location of the spirit spring, we will need to buck up!” Bai clan leader gritted her teeth, evaluating.

Once they obtained the location of the spirit spring, Bai clan would hold a thorough investigation.

“But if the spirit spring’s surrounding beast groups isn’t a lot, and the price for killing them isn’t huge, I will strike directly. After all, we have the initiative to act first! But if the surrounding wild beasts and gu worms are too many, we will provide support and reinforce Gu Yue clan, making them bear the brunt of the attacks, while we wait for the opportunity to reap the rewards afterwards. If we do this well, we might even absorb the remnants of Gu Yue clan. Hehehe…”

Thinking of the great plan, Bai clan leader laughed out.

She had no idea now, that the so called Gu Yue remnants were just a big fat lie.

In fact, Fang Yuan obtained even more valuable information from Bai Lian.

The righteous inheritance was at the back mountain of Bai Gu mountain, Fang Yuan did not fake the information.

However, there were many bone beasts at the back mountain, and even more Gu worms dominating the area, it would be tough and full of obstacles to claim the area as a clan territory.

He knew from Bai Lian’s words, that there were some exaggeration, relying on his five hundred years of experience, he filtered the exaggerated parts, and obtained one truth —— if he and Bai Ning Bing worked together, to get to the inheritance ground, it would take at least half a year.

The situation on Bai Gu mountain was not like the woods. There were large numbers of wild beast groups, and many ferocious beasts and dangerous gu worms lurked. Many areas needed to be avoided and some places even needed to be steered clear of.

Once back at the village, it was like what Bai Sheng Jing said, their battle results were superior to Bai Zhan Lie.

After a day of circulation, this competition was widely known.

The five walked in the campgrounds, receiving much attention.

“Senior Bai Lian won today.”

“That is just Lord Bai Zhan Lie being unlucky. You know, hunting relies on luck too. If you do not encounter rare prey, so what if you have strength?”

“Those two, are they the ones from Gu Yue clan?”

“Who is that girl? So beautiful… not any less than Bai Lian’s beauty!”

“I heard this Gu Yue clan young master is interested in Lord Bai Lian, truly a lame toad trying to eat swan meat .”

“According to my observations, this person’s nature is flawed. Having one beside him already, yet craving another, no wonder Lord Bai Zhan Lie was furious.”

“Everyone can tell Lord Bai Zhan Lie is interested in senior Bai Lian. After all, I heard they were childhood friends.”

“Sigh, unfortunately the feeling isn’t mutual…”

Many whispers and secret talks were undergoing, as people lowered their heads.

Fang Yuan looked like he was gloomy, even though he won, he did not show any joy on his face.

Only until at night, at the central tent, as another campfire banquet was held.

The twins, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, toasted to Fang Yuan before being brought away. In the tent, many new faces emerged.

Bai Lian and Bai Zhan Lie’s competition caused them to leave the ordinary hunting competition. Thus, the spots they used to hold were freed now, causing many youngsters in the Bai clan to step up.

These two males were evidently closer to Bai Zhan Lie, one stared at Fang Yuan angrily during the banquet while the other was apathetic.

“Junior, it has been so many days, where are your clansmen?” At the banquet, Bai clan leader asked.

Fang Yuan showed some worry: “According to my calculations, it should be these few days. Sigh, maybe they encountered some trouble, but with their strength, there should be no problems.

Bai clan leader nodded, what she was concerned with was Fang Yuan.

After spending so much effort, and establishing this stage. At this point where progress was being made, and success was around the corner, she did not want the Gu Yue remnants to appear and thwart the entire plot.

What she did not know was, her worry was unnecessary. In this world, only two Gu Yue remained, Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng.

“No worries junior, I have sent people to scout around, I believe that not long later, you will hear news of your clansmen.” After reacting, Bai clan leader consoled Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan quickly thanked her, as Bai Ning Bing frowned.

The situation was getting more critical, the longer they dragged, the worse it was for them.

Now was still fine, using excuses to answer them. After all, in the wild, encountering unexpected troubles is normal. But after they dragged it out, Bai clan would be suspicious, and may even find out the truth behind their lies.

But these days, they continued to hunt in the wild, and Bai Ning Bing did not dare to do anything. She knew that there were Bai clan gu masters invigilating the entire process, hiding at a corner.

They lacked a strong movement gu, and with the complex forest terrain, it limited their speed.

In Bai Ning Bing’s perspective, the situation was worsening by the day, they seemed to have fallen deep into the quicksand, sinking deeper as time passed, at this rate they would be thoroughly consumed.

“What exactly are you planning?” Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan.

She understood Fang Yuan, he was not the type of person to wait and die. But because of her little life experiences, she could not think of a way to break out of the situation.

In this environment, she could not discuss openly with Fang Yuan either.

The pressure in Bai Ning Bing’s heart was intensifying.

Another day passed.

Fang Yuan’s group was narrowly beating Bai Zhan Lie’s group in terms of results.

At the banquet, Bai clan leader called Bai Mo Xing for another secret discussion.

Clan leader tapped on the table with her finger: “This cannot go on, although today during the hunting, Bai Lian continued to talk about the dangers of Bai Gu mountain, I could feel Fang Zheng wavering but time waits for no one. Once the Gu Yue group shows up, Fang Zheng would’ve found his pillar of support, and our efforts would have been in vain.”

“Time is not on our side.” Bai clan leader sighed, unable to hide her worry.

What she did not know was, Bai Ning Bing was more worried than her.

Time was even more precious for Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan.

Bai Mo Xing pondered for a while: “Clan leader, the way I see it, it is not realistic to expect Fang Zheng to trust us in the short run and give us the location of the spirit spring. I have an idea here, but we still need to continue manipulating and intensifying his pressure.”

“Oh? Speak.”

Bai Mo Xing whispered softly.

Bai clan leader nodded slightly: “You are right, that Fang Zheng is very anxious, probably worried that his clan would suffer too much losses from fighting for the spirit spring. Doesn’t he want information on the area near the spirit spring? He definitely wants it, but is wary of us. Moreover, their cultivation is weak too, your idea seems good…..”

Subconsciously, the female clan leader felt that this method was inappropriate, but now that they had no better plans they could only try this.

Thus, on the third day of the duel, Bai Zhan Lie accidentally caught a wild swimming dragon butterfly during hunting, and the entire camp was in a commotion.

Bai Lian showed a grim expression: “The situation is looking bad, swimming dragon butterfly Gu, rank three and very precious. Bai Zhan Lie’s score is way ahead of us, we can only take a risky move to have a chance to win. I am very clear of the forest’s terrain. We can only go into Bai Gu mountain to hunt, and kill bone beasts or capture wild bone Gu.”

Bai Ning Bing heard this, and her heart jumped.

Bai Gu mountain, isn’t that the best way to break out of their predicament? Haha, to think that an opportunity would arrive like this.

Although Bai Gu mountain was dangerous, it was the best way to escape Bai clan.

Fang Yuan shook his head: “This is too dangerous, lady Bai Lian, we have limited strength, forget it.”

Bai Ning Bing stared with wide opened eyes, wanting to strangle Fang Yuan so badly.

Bai Lian laughed instead: “No worries young master. I have a plan, I have a good relationship with Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, we can coax them into joining the hunt tomorrow. They have no cultivation, thus they are not considered reinforcements for us. But they have Gu Masters hiding around protecting them from danger. If we enter Bai Gu mountain, and encounter danger, how can they not help? We will not take the wild beasts they kill, but only hunt our own. The beast groups are bound to have the old, sickly and weak, the wild beasts on Bai Gu mountain are way more valuable.”

Fang Yuan was shocked: “To think that Bai clan is doing this, all just to prevent my suspicion.”

As he thought so in his heart, he said instead: “Great idea! Lady Bai Lian is truly pure hearted, I am very amazed.”

“No, I am flattered.” Bai Lian smiled shyly, but smugness flashed across her eyes.

————————————————————–

The next day.

At dusk, in the central tent, Bai clan leader stared at the rainbow smoke in the air tightly.

In the smoke, an image appeared.

In the image, there were seven people. Other than Fang Yuan, Bai Lian and the three, there were also two children, the Bai clan young masters.

“It seems Bai Gu mountain is very peaceful. We’ve moved for so long, and not encountered any trouble.” In the image, Bai Sheng Jing spoke.

Bai clan leader snorted out of anger.

To protect them, she sent out a large number of Gu Masters to pave the way, not leaving behind a single elder, all protecting them in secret.

The reason Fang Yuan’s group was having such an easy time, and encountering sporadic wild beasts, was because they were purposely left behind by the Bai clan Gu Masters.

In this six hours, Bai clan had sacrificed tens of outstanding Gu Masters, and even three elders were injured.

Among them, two were severely injured, falling unconscious and were on the way back to camp.

But this was still Bai Gu mountain’s foot, the more they ascended, the more danger lurked.

Don’t see how easily Fang Yuan and the others travelled, this was all due to the other Gu Master’s sacrifice of life and blood.

Especially Bai Gu mountain, no one lived there, and it was a wild beast territory. To pave the way and explore, the price to pay was huge.

Fang Yuan continued to ascend, and with Bai Lian’s guidance, they arrived at Bai Gu back mountain.

“We have limited information, I do not know where to continue going. The sky is getting dark, maybe we should get back.” Bai Lian purposely said.

“Since we’re here, we might as well explore.” Fang Yuan said instead.

He looked around, trying to discern, like he was trying to find something.

He started to lead them, according to his memories, he knew the inheritance ground was close by.

“Hey, hey, hey, can you at least try to pretend?” Beside him, Bai Ning Bing saw this and was screaming in her heart. Fang Yuan’s behaviour was already out of character.

Bai Ning Bing looked around worriedly, but what was strange was: Be it Bai Lian, Bai Sheng Jing or the others, it seemed they could not tell anything, letting Fang Yuan search in silence.

“Good, this is it! It seems this place is very close to the spirit spring!” In the tent, the clan leader said agitatedly.

“Hehehe, Fang Zheng, you are still too young… Eh? They entered the cave, is the spirit spring inside the cave?” The image flashed, showing the insides of the cave.

Right when Bai clan leader was getting confused, someone reported from the outside: “Reporting to clan leader, an investigative Gu Master is back, bringing a Tie clan Gu Master, they have important news to report!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Important information?” Bai clan leader frowned – what could be more important than the spirit spring?

“Since it’s not an emergency, let them wait first.” She instructed before turning her gaze back to the smoke image.

The image shone, showing the situation in the cave; Fang Yuan and the group moved deeper into the cave, till they reached the end.

This cave wasn’t big. Bai clan leader was disappointed as she did not see the spirit spring, there was no way it could be in a place like this.

“It seems that we still need some time to find the spirit spring.” Bai clan leader muttered. She swung her sleeves and kept the smoke back in, before saying towards the outside of the tent: “Call them in.”

The tent flap was opened; a fierce and vigorous investigative Gu Master walked in and bowed: “This subordinate greets lord clan leader, I have an important news to report.”

There was a trace of anxiety in his voice.

“You captured a Tie clan Gu Master.” Bai clan leader frowned slightly.

Tie clan was a huge powerhouse which not even ten Bai clans could match. There would be huge trouble if the matter was not handled properly.

Bai clan leader was blaming the subordinate in her heart, this Tie clan Gu Master was like a bomb, he should’ve killed him secretly in the woods. Bringing him back to the clan would leave behind evidence and cause complications.

“This subordinate had received a mission, and while investigating the directions of the Gu Yue remnants, I accidentally found a heavily injured Gu Master. I was suspicious at first, thinking he was a Gu Yue clansmen. But after healing him, he claimed to be a Tie clan Gu Master. And he told me a shocking news! Qing Mao mountain’s three clans were completely wiped out. A mysterious demonic Gu Master managed to escape from the disaster, and the Tie clan mobilized their Gu Masters to pursue these demonic Gu Masters.” The Investigative Gu Master reported.

“What did you say?” Bai clan leader was surprised; her heart jumped, and she started frowning.

At this instance, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s images flashed in her mind. Are these two youngsters demonic Gu Masters? They didn’t look like it!

Especially when she thought about Fang Yuan’s crying image at the banquet — how can such a person be a demonic Gu Master?

“How can you be sure this person is a Tie clan Gu Master?” Bai clan leader asked again.

“This is the Tie clan token I got from his body! And his Gu worms are also Tie clan’s characteristic Gu worms.” The investigative Gu Master said while handing over a metal token.

Bai clan leader received the token, she felt a cold sensation from the token.

It was indeed the Tie clan token, but……

“There is also a possibility that this person killed the Tie clan Gu Master and took the token as their loot. Maybe this person is trying to mislead us, he might just be the demonic Gu Master the Tie clan is pursuing.” Bai clan leader thought of a possibility.

In order to live, demonic Gu Masters obviously have to lie about their identity.

The Bai clan leader had too deep of a preconceived perception. But no matter what, she would have to confirm it herself.

She squinted and said: “Bring that captive here.”

“Move.” Soon, the tent was opened and a Gu Master was brought over.

It was Tie Dao Ku; his hair was a mess and his face pale as he walked towards the Bai clan leader.

“Kneel down!” The Gu Master behind kicked, and this strong willed man grunted, kneeling on the ground.

But he strongly resisted and tried to remain standing.

“Stay still!” Two Gu Masters behind him held each of his arms, forced him down.

Tie Dao Ku struggling was to no avail, he shouted: “I, Tie Dao Ku, will kneel to the heavens and earth, will kneel to my parents, will kneel to the clan leader, but do not humiliate me, or I’d rather die!”

“Oh, great acting.” Bai clan leader’s eyebrows raised, but she just sneered and interrogated: “Speak, you are a demonic Gu Master, how did you kill the Tie clan Gu Master and obtain this token?”

Tie Dao Ku was stunned, before spitting out some bloody phlegm: ” Spit ! I am Tie Dao Ku of the grand Tie clan, my name and surname will never change. Now that I’ve landed in your hands, do whatever you wish to me, but trying to frame me like this, isn’t it too hypocritical?”

The phlegm did not land on Bai clan leader, as it hit an invisible wall in midair and fell on the ground.

Bai clan leader’s expression turned ugly.

Tie Dao Ku laughed coldly: “Our Tie clan is an expert in pursuing and investigation. Bai clan, you captured me and humiliated me like this, hehe, you better decimate my corpse, and pray you are not found out. If not, heheh, you shall face the wrath and revenge of our entire Tie clan!”

Bai clan leader sneered: “You keep claiming to be a Tie clan Gu Master, but I’ve seen many Tie clan Gu Masters, those who are below rank 5 would move in large numbers, and are extremely spirited, and iron willed. Not only are you travelling alone, just look at your state, you should act better if you want to pass off as a Tie clan Gu Master.”

Tie Dao Ku’s cold sneering froze.

Bai clan leader’s words triggered the most painful memory in his heart.

Back when they left Qing Mao mountain, all nine of them were high spirited, but now only he was left and that too as a prisoner!

Sadness…

Especially when he thought about how Tie Ao Tian died, the huge regret and pity intensified his pain.

Tie Ao Tian was the Tie clan’s fourth young master, with superior talent and a determined nature; there were many expectations placed on him since young. He was a strong competitor for the clan leader position, and was the future hope of the Tie clan. The intellect and talent he displayed made Tie Dao Ku see the future of the Tie clan in his hands.

 But!

When that overwhelming explosion occurred, everything ended.

It was too abrupt!

Tie Ao Tian who was in the middle of the explosion didn’t even have time to activate his defensive Gu before he was blown to bits.

A generation’s genius, the star of the future, died in such an obscure way!

Not only Tie Ao Tian, some others were affected as well and died in the explosion along with countless Gu worms.

There were only two people alive; both heavily injured.

Tie Ku Dao was one of them. Back then he was at the back of the team, and because his skin had turned into bronze skin by his Gu worm, he preserved his life.

Another injured person had lost half his body, and in a short while, fell into a coma; eventually dying after resuscitation failed.

Tie Dao Ku cried as he buried his clansmen.

He had wanted to bury them separately, but most of the corpses were in pieces. Tie Ao Tian was the most pathetic, only a palm sized piece of flesh was left of him.

He carried his extreme pain and grief, and built a tomb, cutting a huge rock and moving it there as a marking.

Next, he investigated the explosion site.

With his experience, he concluded it was the charred thunder potato Gu.

Almost a hundred charred thunder potatoes, buried together! Without a doubt, this was a huge devious, ruthless and extremely evil trap!

Who would do such a wicked thing!

Who set this trap?!

Tie Dao Ku thought about it hard, and felt that Fang and Bai were the most suspicious. Of course, he did not know their names or the exact info, but he understood that this culprit was most likely the demonic Gu Master they had been chasing.

Too despicable!

Too vicious!

Tie Dao Ku flew into a rage, his hatred as deep as the sea.

Revenge, he must get revenge, and bring this demonic Gu Master to justice!

Tie Dao Ku could no longer return to Tie clan. He was responsible to get to the end of the fourth young master’s death. Furthermore, if he returned empty handed like this, it would be a huge disgrace to his character.

He had to continue the chase!

His life had suddenly turned from colorful to grey. He wanted to kill the demonic Gu Master of Qing Mao mountain to vent his anger. Even if he could not, he wanted to give his all.

“Revenge! Revenge!” He shouted, he would not stop until he killed Fang and Bai.

However, reality was cruel. His injuries could not receive proper healing, and in a few days, he suffered from a high fever and terrible headache. He also encountered beast groups’ attack, and barely managed to escape through the river. But without proper supplies, he still fainted in the end.

When he was awake, he found that he was saved, but became Bai clan’s captive.

Thinking back, it was all a series of painful events!

Tie Dao Ku kneeled in the tent with tears flowing out uncontrollably.

Bai clan leader was amazed, Tie Dao Ku did not answer her questions and just kept on giving off a determined aura.

This did not look like a fake identity, like a demonic Gu Master who wanted to live.

“Is this person really from Tie clan?” Bai clan leader started to feel something amiss, the bad feeling in her heart starting to spread.

She wanted to find out more details, but Tie Dao Ku did not reply and even closed his eyes.

Bai clan leader’s mind turned as she suddenly said: “Not long ago, our Bai clan entertained two Gu Yue clan guests. They are two youngsters, one claiming to be Gu Yue clan’s young master…”

Before she finished, Tie Dao Ku opened his eyes abruptly. His once dead eyes started shining with radiance.

Hatred, anger, joy, all sorts of complex emotions burst forth.

He wanted to get up agitatedly, but was pushed down by the two Gu Masters behind him.

He shouted: “It’s them, it’s definitely them. To think I met them here. Two people, and even youngsters, hmph, they must be the demonic Gu Masters that escaped from Qing Mao mountain!”

Tie Dao Ku did not know the situation on Bai clan, the investigative Gu Master only interrogated, there was no way he would tell him such information.

Bai clan leader quickly asked: “If you are a Tie clan Gu Master, where are your companions?”

Tie Dao Ku’s attitude changed completely at this point; for the sake of revenge, he answered seriously: “They’re dead.”

“Where did they die? Where are the corpses?”

Tie Dao Ku’s expression changed: “I cannot tell you this. The dead shall rest in peace, even if you suspect me, I will not allow you to dig their graves!”

Bai clan leader’s heart sank after hearing this.

These were not words a demonic Gu Master would say.

“Don’t tell me…” An intense worry grew in Bai clan leader’s heart.

She could not help but wave her sleeves, as a colorful smoke flew out and coiled around in the air, forming an image.

“Your clan’s young master is in our hands, all of you get out now!” In the image, Fang Yuan had already fallen through with Bai clan, he was gripping Bai Hua and Bai Sheng’s throats as he threatened.

Bai clan leader was instantly dumbstruck.

After a few breath’s time, she flew into a rage, slamming the table in front of her into smithereens.

She wanted to scream ——

“Turns out they were demonic scoundrels!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 221: Welcome to Bai Gu Mountain 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai clan leader’s face looked extremely dark.

She had understood everything!

At first she was hesitant, but after seeing the image in the colorful smoke, only an idiot would not understand what had happened.

Bai clan leader was no idiot, in fact she was wiser than ordinary people. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, she was the one who led Bai clan on the resettlement, and set the foundation for the next generation’s prosperity.

“Damn it! How could this happen?”

“Those two scoundrels were actually demonic Gu Masters. They are too good at acting!”

“Clan leader, the two young masters are in their hands, what do we do?”

In the tent, the other Gu Masters were panicking when they looked at this scene.

The situation was terrible, Fang Yuan was holding the two young masters hostage, and caused everyone to be cautious in their actions.

Bai clan leader forced herself to calm down. She was the birth mother of Bai Hua and Bai Sheng, her worry and anxiety far surpassed the others. However, as someone in power, she had to have her strengths.

Other than her identity as a mother, she was also the clan leader!

She first ordered her subordinates to release Tie Dao Ku.

“We were wrong about you, Tie clan’s warrior, I apologise to you here.” She stood up and bowed with a sincere expression.

Tie Dao Ku snorted, although he was extremely displeased, he admired Bai clan leader’s resolve.

After all, he was only a prisoner now, his life and death could have been decided merely at her thought.

He gritted his teeth and tried to stand up, but because his body was extremely weak, even this action was taxing on him.

“Come, bring the Tie clan guest to his seat.” Bai clan leader instructed.

Tie Dao Ku sat down, fixing his gaze at the colorful smoke. His gaze seemed to be on fire when he looked at Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, causing others to look away.

“These two are the demonic Gu Masters who escaped Qing Mao mountain? That explosion trap was set by them? Young master Tie Ao Tian’s death, the ones I am pursuing, are these two youngsters?”

Tie Dao Ku etched Bai and Fang’s appearances and their body shapes into his mind.

“No, it might not be them, this could all be a misunderstanding…” Tie Dao Ku thought of another possibility.

He was upright, and never killed an innocent.

“Regardless, I have to confirm it myself! If they aren’t, I will pursue the true criminals. If they are, I shall cripple these two rascals’ apertures and tear them to pieces!”

Thinking so, he spoke: “Bai clan leader, the matter at hand is to arrest these two scoundrels, as well as saving your clans’ two young masters.”

“Tie clan warrior, what do you have to advise me?” Bai clan leader wanted to get some useful information from Tie Dao Ku.

But she was destined to be disappointed.

Tie Dao Ku shook his head, smiling bitterly.

In the cave, swords were brandished.

“All of you, get out, do you want me to repeat myself again?” Fang Yuan threatened in a cold snicker.

“Fang Zheng, what are you doing?”

“What is going on? Why are you holding the two young masters hostage?”

Bai Lian, Bai Sheng and the others were tongue-tied, they thought he had found the spirit spring, but everything happened in a flash, who would have thought that Fang Yuan would suddenly go crazy and kidnap the two young masters.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Three figures suddenly appeared.

“Fang Zheng, you dare to hold our clan’s young masters hostage? How dare you, your crime is unforgivable!”

“Release them, and we may spare you your life!”

“Fang Zheng, release them now, and come back with us, we will let you leave safely!”

The three clan elders spoke, their expression extremely ugly.

They were strong, and followed this group the entire time. But the moment they sensed this change, they rushed to the scene.

“You guys finally decided to show yourselves? Excellent…” Fang Yuan snickered, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua struggled intensely in his hands.

“Evil scoundrel, release us!”

“If you kill me, you will die too!”

The two children shouted with all their strength, their faces were turning red from suffocation.

These two children were future Rank 5 Gu Masters, lords of Bai clan, the Righteous Twin Stars. But now, unfortunately, they were defenseless and were being strangled by Fang Yuan.

After a while, their eyes started rolling back and their breathing slowed.

“Fang Zheng! Don’t make a mistake, release the two young masters!”

“We’ve given you the chance, as long as you release the young masters, we will let you leave, we will definitely not pursue you.”

“What do you want? Primeval stones, Gu worms?”

The three clan elders were anxious, and their eyes revealed a ruthless expression as if they couldn’t wait to attack.

“Hmph, weren’t my earlier words clear enough? All of you get out, if not…..” Fang Yuan laughed deviously, using his gaze to signal to Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing understood, taking out the chainsaw golden centipede.

She injected primeval essence into it, and the razors started rotating furiously, moving towards Bai Hua’s tender arm.

“Let go of my sister… le… let go….” Bai Sheng stared furiously, his breathing started getting rough as he struggled with all his strength, but Fang Yuan used just a little more strength and his words were stuck in his throat.

“Don’t be rash!”

“Stop, stop!”

At this point, more and more Gu Masters entered, and everyone were screaming in anxiety.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “On the count of three, if you are not all out of this cave, your young master’s limb will be gone!”

Everyone gritted their teeth, their eyes burning with fire, they wanted nothing more than to chop Fang Yuan into pieces.

“Still not leaving?” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows rose and he moved Bai Hua closer towards the chainsaw.

“Ah!” Everyone screamed.

“My god!!” A young female Gu Masters covered her eyes.

“Quickly, get out of the cave!” The clan elders shouted, they did not dare to gamble with their young masters’ lives.

Everyone gradually retreated, staring at Fang and Bai on the way out.

If gazes could kill a person, Fang Yuan would’ve been dead a million times. If rage was like water, they would’ve drowned under the tsunami already.

When everyone was out of the cave, Fang Yuan passed Bai Hua and Bai Sheng to Bai Ning Bing, before surveying the surrounding.

Bai Gu mountain was made of bones with no rocks or soil. This cave was the same, white throughout. The cave walls even had sharp bone spikes, although these bone spikes looked the same as in other caves, in fact, if one observed properly, they would find that these bone spikes were spiral at the tip, different from others.

This was the spiral bone cave, also the entrance to the Grey Bone Scholar’s inheritance.

The entire Bai Gu mountain had many caves, but this was the only cave with so many spiral bone spikes.

Fang Yuan had never been here. But in his previous life he had heard many stories which were even testified by Bai Sheng and Bai Hua personally.

“We entered the spiral bone cave first, then accidentally found a bone spike that could be twisted; it was the mechanism to open the entrance……”

Fang Yuan thought for a while, before starting to search for that special bone spike.

There were uncountable bone spikes in this cave, but in Fang Yuan’s previous life, Bai Hua had revealed that back then when she and her brother had been playing in the back mountain, she saw a large bone spike in the cave, with very closely carved spiral markings. She touched it casually, and accidentally twisted it, opening the entrance.

“Fang Zheng, you are surrounded. There is no way to escape, come out.”

“To be honest, we were quite kind to you, to think you returned our kindness with ingratitude!”

“Fang Zheng, I’ll give you some advice, leave some leeway for yourself. If anything happens to our young masters, we will take revenge on you with all our might!”

The cave was not deep, the shouts of the Gu Masters could be heard echoing inside.

Bai Hua started to sob.

Bai Sheng said: “Fang Zheng, stop it. Release us and I will let you two leave in peace. I assure you as the young master.”

He was young, but was calmer than an adult facing this predicament. The brilliance of a future star was already being displayed in him.

Fang Yuan paid them no heed, suddenly his eyes shone.

He took a step forward before stretching his hand towards a rather conspicuous large bone spike.

Next, he twisted it lightly.

Creak…

There was a loud sound and the bone spikes began to contract; a secret door opened from the side, revealing a squarish cave opening.

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone.

Bai Hua stopped crying, staring at this change in shock.

“Ah, there’s a cave!” Bai Sheng shouted.

“Hmph, keep your mouth shut.” Bai Ning Bing chopped on his neck, knocking him unconscious.

Bai Sheng had screamed on purpose to leave traces for the people outside.

As expected, a commotion occurred outside.

“Cave?”

“Not good, they’re trying to escape!”

“Chase!”

Fang Yuan growled: “If anyone dares to step inside, I will kill Bai Sheng first.”

This shout stopped the Bai clan Gu Masters.

Fang Yuan quickly walked into the cave, Bai Ning Bing also knocked Bai Hua unconscious, carrying them on each of her hands and followed.

This secret path was well lit, shining with a pure white light. It was just that there were bone spikes everywhere, stabbed into the walls like sharp spears..

These bone spears were densely packed, sealing the whole tunnel. There was only a little space between them, allowing Fang Yuan to see a hall beyond them.

“It seems this is the reason you came to Bai Gu mountain, I’ll open a path for us!” Bai Ning Bing moved ahead, trying to use the chainsaw golden centipede, but Fang Yuan stopped her.

“These bone spears are extremely tough, don’t be in a hurry.” Fang Yuan searched around according to what Bai Hua had said in his previous life; he found the shortest spiral bone spike, and pulled it.

Creak……

Another sound of some mechanisms being activated, the cave behind the two sealed itself while the bone spears in the tunnel contracted back into the walls.

Suddenly, the path ahead was smooth and unobstructed.

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, turning and saying to Bai Ning Bing: “Welcome to Bai Gu mountain.”

Bai Ning Bing’s gaze flickered, as she looked behind subconsciously.

The cave entrance behind her had sealed itself.

The Bai clan Gu Masters would need to spend quite a bit of time to pursue them at least to open this cave entrance.

Bai Ning Bing’s lips curled, revealing an excited smile.

Everything had become interesting, this was the life that she was after…



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 222: White Bone Inheritance (1) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The secret tunnel was not long; after walking for a while, Fang and Bai arrived at a huge hall.

The pure white hall was made out of bones. In the center was a huge vat.

The vat was filled with milk like white liquid that was giving off a fragrant smell.

As Fang Yuan got close to it, his memories resurfaced.

According to Bai Hua, this vat should be connected to a spring below it.

This spring was a milk spring.

The spring water tasted like milk, a clean sweet taste. Not only was it a top tier beverage, it was also extremely nutritious, children grew better drinking it, and the elderly could maintain a strong healthy body as well.

Milk spring was the specialty product of Bai Gu mountain.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life – after Bai clan relocated here, they unearthed five milk springs, causing it to become their specialty production and even used it as a commercial product to attract many traders and merchants to come and make a deal.

“There is a Gu inside this vat…” Fang Yuan said, indicating to Bai Ning Bing using his gaze.

Although according to his memories, there was no danger at this location, Fang Yuan was vigilant, after all this was not something he had experienced personally and his information was all from a third party.

Things that carried risks, he’d rather let others do it.

Bai Ning Bing snorted, activating her defense and putting her hand into the vat.

“There are so many Gu inside!” Her brows raised in shock.

When she pulled her hand out, her hand was full of Gu worms.

These Gu were as large as a human finger and were completely white. One end was round while the other was sharp, like a miniature spear.

This was the Bone Spear Gu.

“Although this Gu is only rank one, the whole vat is almost filled to the brim with it.” Bai Ning Bing was slightly excited.

Bone Spear Gu was similar to Gu Yue clan’s Moonlight Gu in that it was the foundational gu of the White Bone inheritance.

In his previous life, after Bai clan found this inheritance, many of the clan’s Gu Masters equipped this Gu, thus the Bone Spear Gu also became a characteristic of Bai Clan’s Gu Masters.

“Look around again, there should be a rank two Gu inside.” Fang Yuan stood at the side with a plain expression.

Bai Ning Bing hauled for a few more times, before finally finding a rank two Gu.

This Gu was similar to the Bone Spear Gu, but on the surface of the bone spear, there were spiral markings — Spiral Bone Spear Gu.

This Gu was the evolution of the Bone Spear Gu, its attack power and penetrative force was higher than the Bone Spear Gu.

In the huge vat, the Bone Spear Gu was in the majority, and only a small number were Spiral Bone Spear Gu.

“This way, I finally have a standard method of attacking.” Fang Yuan grabbed a Spiral Bone Spear Gu and thought.

Charred Thunder Potato Gu was very unstable, it needed to be planted in the ground, and it would have been planted in vain if others do not step on it. Also if a Gu Master with poor memory planted it and forgot the location of the potatoes, he might even injure himself by accident.

Moreover, the Charred Thunder Potato Gu’s use had restrictions. It must be used in soil, and the more fertile the soil the better. As for a special location like Bai Gu mountain, the charred thunder potato could not be used. Otherwise, Fang Yuan would not mind setting one or two more traps here.

“A pity there isn’t a rank three Gu.” Bai Ning Bing was slightly disappointed. She chose a Spiral Bone Spear Gu and placed it into her sleeves, planning to refine it later.

She only felt curiosity towards these types of rank two Gu worms. They could not display the true power of a rank three Gu Master in battles..

Seeing no danger in the vat, Fang Yuan started to act.

He hauled Gu worms after Gu worms out of the vat, and used the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura to instantly refine them using his primeval essence.

“You, you, this…. What…” Bai Ning Bing was tongue-tied at this scene.

In the matter of a few minutes, Fang Yuan had already refined a few dozen Gu worms, and he was still continuing!

Because of the Spring Autumn Cicada, he could instantly refine them. And because of his aptitude and the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, his primeval essence recovery speed was much greater than the refining expenditure, thus he could continue the refinement non stop.

This was a crazy sight!

Fang Yuan refined over two hundred Bone Spear Gu in his aperture, and over twenty Spiral Bone Spear Gu.

Gu refinement was a tough barrier for Gu Masters, although Bai Ning Bing had seen Fang Yuan instantly refine Gu a few times before, it had never been so visually impactful.

In Fang Yuan’s hand, refining Gu worms was as easy as eating and drinking, no, it was simply as easy as blinking.

Simply way too easy!

“What secret does he have?” Bai Ning Bing was very shocked, Fang Yuan’s image became even more mysterious in her heart.

But on the surface, she just curled her lips and said calmly: “You got so many Gu worms at once, can you afford to raise them?”

Fang Yuan laughed: “Of course not.”

Bone Spear Gu, Spiral Bone Spear Gu, they all fed on milk. Thus, they were kept in this vat of milk.

Don’t see how this milk spring is one full vat, the expenditure was huge, only because there is a spring eye at the bottom of the vat, can it sustain till now.

If Fang Yuan wants to raise and feed so many Gu worms, he would need to have a milk spring himself.

“Even though I can’t feed them, I would rather bring more with me, than let the Bai clan people gain them.” Fang Yuan laughed, pointing to the vat: “Alright, destroy the rest of the Gu.”

The vat had way too many Gu worms, although Fang Yuan refined a lot of them, considering the limits of his rank one aperture, there was still a large number left behind.

A moment later, Bai Ning Bing looked at the floor of Gu corpses with a complicated expression. She knew clearly what the value of these Gu were.

Destroying them was tantamount to destroying a small mountain of primeval stones, even Bai Ning Bing felt heartache.

But, rather than leaving them for enemies, and letting Bai clan take them and grow stronger, they might as well destroy all the Gu.

The two left the hall, and moved along another secret tunnel, getting to the second white hall.

At the center of the hall, there were three white bone pillars.

At the tip of the pillar, it was carved into a human hand, without skin or flesh, only left with bones.

In the white bone hand, they each held one Gu.

Three pillars, three slumbering Gu worms.

Fang and Bai got closer, and saw what was carved on the pillars, explaining characteristics of the three Gu.

“Ribcage shield Gu, Flying bone shield Gu, Arm bone wings Gu…” Bai Ning Bing stared at the pillar, muttering.

Very quickly, her gaze was focused on a line —”Three, choose one, satisfied at heart. Bai Gu inheritance, left for future descendants.”

The meaning was obvious, they can only choose one Gu, and leave the others to future inheritors.

Ribcage shield Gu, could cause a Gu Master to grow two rows of ribcages, shielding their chest, and had great defense. It was a rank three Gu, advantages being: Other than the initial growth period, which needs a lot of primeval essence, afterwards it can be sustained without primeval essence, something like the heavenly essence treasure lotus, after it is refined, it can be used without injecting primeval essence.

Flying bone shield Gu, after using, three flying bone shields would fly out, being small and floating around the Gu Master’s surroundings.

Arm bone wings Gu, would grow a pair of bone wings at the forearm area, waving the wings would increase movement speed slightly, most importantly it increased attack speed.

“Ribcage shield Gu can be used together with the carapace Gu, to form defenses front and back. But the carapace Gu is bound to be replaced, and only the Ribcage shield Gu alone is not wide enough. I have the jumping grass, and do not fight close combat, the Arm bone wings Gu is also useless.

Fang Yuan thought about it, and chose the Flying bone shield Gu.

He smashed the bone arm, refining the Flying bone shield Gu and keeping it in his aperture.

As for the other two gu, he did not touch them.

This is a righteous faction inheritance, this area tested the self control of the inheritor, if they cannot control their greed and desires, taking all three Gu, then the future tunnels would change drastically, although there would not be devious traps, their rewards would be much lower.

Righteous inheritance is unlike demonic inheritance.

Normally speaking, they are designed kindly. Gu Masters having luck to encounter their opportunities would gain them, the only difference is how much.

Bai Ning Bing seeing Fang Yuan not moving, also did not dare to move the pillars, afraid of special traps.

The two moved along the secret tunnel entering a third hall.

There was no more tunnels now after the hall, only one human skeleton in the cave in a sitting position.

Before the human skeleton, there was a huge book.

This book was made with bones, as long as an arm, wide as half an arm, and as thick as eight inches.

Fang Yuan indicated to Bai Ning Bing to pick it up, and seeing no danger, took the book from her.

This book, was named “Grey Bone Huge Book” by the Bai clan twins in his previous life. Inside, there were many refinement recipes as well as the creator of the inheritance, Grey Bone Scholar’s life experiences and why he set up this inheritance.

Fang Yuan flipped the book, it was truly so.

This is a genuine righteous inheritance.

At the end of the book it says: This corpse, is the Grey Bone Scholar himself. If the future inheritor has the kindness, they might as well pay respects to it, and kowtow three times. Afterwards, they can split the skull apart, and obtain one Gu. That is the Grey Bone Scholar’s lifebound Gu, if the inheritor obtains it, they should make the world a better place and uphold justice.

Fang Yuan laughed upon seeing this, handing the grey bone huge book to Bai Ning Bing and kneeling on the ground, kowtowing three times respectfully.

This was a true kowtow.

His forehead hit the rough floor, emitting three loud sounds.

Bai Ning Bing was surprised, not expecting this side of Fang Yuan!

After Fang Yuan finished, he stood up, and there was no commotion in the hall.

He did not mind it, smiling lightly.

In this hall, there are no more secret tunnels, but it is not the end. This place tests the inheritor’s nature, if the person is kindhearted and knows gratitude, they would kowtow.

If they do three genuine “knocks” on the ground, a new tunnel would appear.

But this is only one aspect.

If they not only kowtow, but do not move the corpse, showing respect for the corpse of the senior, a second path would appear.

“In the previous life, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua both kowtow, but Bai Hua was afraid of pain, not giving off a loud sound. But Bai Sheng triggered the first path. Bai Sheng wanted to retrieve the Gu, but Bai Hua stood him, wanting to leave the senior in piece. Thus, Bai Hua triggered the second path.”

Fang Yuan thought about it, looking at Bai Hua and Bai Sheng.

They were carried by Bai Ning Bing, still unconscious.

Bai Ning Bing also looked at them, sighing: “It seems that from now on, we have to rely on these two to protect our lives. But I am very curious, what the lifebound Gu of this Grey Bone Scholar is, let’s split the skull.”

Fang Yuan shook his head: “This is the most exquisite part of the inheritance, curiosity would make a person want to see the Gu inside the skull, and the better they imagine it, it would be even greater than seeing the real thing, don’t be rash.”

Once he finished, a part of the bone wall shrunk, moving away and revealing a new tunnel.

“I see.” Bai Ning Bing seemed to have understood something, about to strike but stopped by Fang Yuan.

“Although this cave is correct, it is not the most valuable one, wait a bit longer.”

Waiting makes time feel much slower.

Especially when Fang and Bai are still being pursued by Bai clan.

After waiting for five minutes, Bai Ning Bing started to get impatient, but suddenly a new door slid open, revealing another tunnel.

“Haha, this is it.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, moving forward and raising his leg, smashing Grey Bone Scholar’s corpse to bits.

When this tunnel appeared, the corpse lost its meaning.

Fang Yuan took out a Gu from the skull, a rank three Bone Spike Gu.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 223: White Bone Inheritance (2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Rumble!

There was an explosion, smoke and dust filled the air before clearing up to reveal a cave.

“There really was a cave!”

“No wonder they disappeared completely, they must have entered this cave.”

“It’s odd, why is there such a mechanism here? Ah, clan leader is here.”

Bai Clan Leader had arrived just in time to see the group blasting open the wall and revealing the secret tunnel.

“This should be an inheritance ground.” Accompanying the clan leader was Tie Dao Ku who deduced it at a glance.

“So it was like that, those two thieves’ true destination was here!” Bai clan leader gritted her teeth as a chilling light flashed past her eyes.

Truly great acting!

She had been recalling the scenes of her interaction with these two in these few days, on her way here.

The more she recalled, the angrier she got; she was actually duped by two youths. The majestic Bai Clan Leader along with a group of clansmen were all playing into two juniors’ hands!

If words of this were to spread, it would be an enormous strike towards Bai clan’s reputation.

“Junior didn’t handle it properly and couldn’t protect the two young masters, clan leader, I ask for punishment.” Bai Lian, Bai Sheng Jing and others nervously knelt on the ground, asking for forgiveness.

“Stand up, you only did it according to my instructions. If we have to blame someone, we can only blame those two thieves for being too cunning!” Bai Clan Leader’s words relieved Bai Lian and the group from a great burden.

“You have been in contact with these two thieves all the time, did you really not find any flaws?” Tie Dao Ku asked.

The three girls stood up with complicated expressions.

It was especially so for Bai Lian; she had been thinking she was playing Fang and Bai like toys in her palms, but to think that she was the one that was played.

“There were no flaws.”

“Those two were too capable at pretending!”

“Thinking back now, they were using our Bai clan. Truly cunning and devious.”

The three girls shook their heads as a reply to Tie Dao Ku.

Tie Dao Ku had also learned about the general situation from Bai Clan Leader on the way. Of course, the matter regarding Bai Clan spirit spring was naturally not revealed.

“Yes… as you say, those two thieves real purpose should have been this place. Their strength is not enough to let them wander around Bai Gu mountain, so they borrowed your Bai clan’s strength.” Tie Dao Ku analyzed from a third person view.

Bai Clan’s Gu Masters’ faces turned ugly upon hearing him.

It was indeed so.

In these days, they had sacrificed a lot and paid a huge price to pave a way through Bai Gu mountain. However, they ended up paving the way for Fang and Bai.

“Curse these two scoundrels!”

“If those two thieves land in my hand, I will cut them into pieces.”

“Clan leader, let my group take this task, I will kill those bastards and wipe away this disgrace!”

In an instant, the mountain cave was filled with angry uproars.

Bai Clan Leader looked around her before slightly nodding her head. It was not that she didn’t want cruelest deaths for Fang and Bai; as the mother of Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, she hated not being able to be with her children at this moment.

Morale was at its peak as the entire clan was motivated by anger.

Bai Clan Leader looked towards the elder who had asked her to let him take the task: “Then I order your group to pave the way through this secret tunnel!”

“Yes!” The elder accepted the command.

“Hold up, the bone spikes in this passage are uneven and completely sealed off; how did those two thieves enter inside? There must be some mechanism. Let me check it first.” Tie Dao Ku raised an objection.

The elder who had just accepted the command glared: “It is an emergency now, the two masters are in grave danger; it’s going to take forever trying to slowly look for the mechanism!”

—————————————————–

“Bone spike Gu…” Fang Yuan held this Gu and observed its details.

This Gu was about a fist sized and was like a ball cactus, with thorns like bone spikes all over on its surface. It was also somewhat heavy.

It was a rank three Gu, a typical Gu which would damage both the enemy and the user; if the enemy received thousand damage then the user would be inflicted with eight hundred damage.

The reason was when a Gu Master used it, their skeleton would undergo changes before sharp and hard bone spikes portrude out.

Before even using these bone spikes to confront the enemy, these bone spikes would first pierce through the Gu Master’s own flesh and skin. The pain was still secondary, if there wasn’t a corresponding healing Gu to pair up with it, the situation would truly be messed up.

The enemy might not die, but it sure would seriously injure the Gu Master that used it.

“What Gu is this?” Bai Ning Bing curiously gazed at it. But when she heard Fang Yuan’s introduction, she lost all her interest.

It was not that she was afraid of pain, but rather she was already using ice muscle Gu.

All the flesh on her body was already permanently changed to ‘ice muscle’ by the ability of ice muscles Gu. It not only gave her defense but also stopped perspiration and stopped bleeding.

However, if she used this bone spikes Gu, it would first remove her ice muscles which to her was a loss instead of gain.

Fang Yuan was also not too interested in this bone spikes gu.

But it was after all a rank three Gu, thus Fang Yuan refined it and stored it in his aperture for the moment.

“Let’s go.” Fang Yuan chose the hidden door which appeared in the last.

Bai Ning Bing was still the one to scout ahead.

A downward flight of stairs was spread inside the door. This flight of stairs was long, at least about thousand meters.

The surrounding lights gradually dimmed when they reached the latter half of the stairs, and the stairs were also getting narrower.

By the time Fang and Bai reached the end of the stairs, the light had almost completely disappeared. In front of them was a tightly closed door.

There were four words carved on the door — Flesh Sac Secret Chamber.

—————————————————–

“These bones are really god damn hard!” Bai clan elder cursed out as he wiped the sweat off his forehead.

Fifteen minutes had already passed, but they had only opened this secret tunnel by half.

These uneven densely packed bone spikes didn’t look any different from the stones of Bai Gu mountain. But only after attacking them would one realize how shocking hard these bones were.

Bai Clan Leader’s expression also didn’t look good.

The more time passed by, the more danger her children could be in.

Right now, this mother felt a century had painfully passed by instead of just fifteen minutes. However, as a clan leader, she had to be calm and cool even if it was only on the surface, she had to be a role model to give confidence to her clansmen.

Crack.

Suddenly, a light sound echoed, the mechanism had turned on, causing the remaining bone spikes to swiftly shrink back to the holes on the cave walls.

Everyone was shocked and looked towards the source one after another.

Tie Dao Ku touched his chin and analyzed to himself: “This mechanism is somewhat ingenius. To open the entrance, one would need to twist the spiral bone spike. This leaves a deep impression on people and when people come to this secret tunnel, they would often rely on this impression and try twisting the spiral bone spikes near them. Unfortunately, to shut down this mechanism would require one to pull up the spiral bone spike and not twist them.”

In that instant, everyone was dumbfounded.

The elder who had accepted the command was now completely red and seemed to be very embarrassed.

After the group passed through this secret tunnel, they arrived at the first hall.

“This is?!” They were stunned.

All around them were dismembered corpses. These corpses were the result of Bai Ning Bing killing the Gu worms that were in the vat.

“These should be bone spear Gu…and there are also spiral bone spear Gu.” Some elders quickly recognized these Gu.

“This really is an inheritance ground! In all my life, this is the first time I am experiencing it!” Someone said excitedly.

“Look, there is a big vat in the middle, what could be inside it?” Someone curiously pointed at the vat.

However, the vat didn’t have anything other than the milk spring.

The Bai clan group were disappointed and then turned furious.

“These thieves really don’t leave room for compromise! They didn’t leave behind anything.”

“Damn it, so heartless, they destroyed so many Gu worms!”

Many cursed out in sorrow and indignation.

Even the elders felt grief at this.

“Let’s move quickly, the earlier we catch them, the less the damage we suffer.” Tie Dao Ku said, causing everyone’s gazes to brighten.

With this stimulation, the morale of the group increased even higher, wishing they could immediately appear in front of Fang and Bai.

The group then arrived at the second hall and saw the three stone pillars.

“There are Gu worms left!” The gu master in front shouted in happiness.

“Please take a look clan leader.” Soon, arm bone wings and rib shield Gu both appeared in the clan leader’s sight.

Bai Clan Leader glanced at them and then made her people stow them, she didn’t feel any happiness.

Compared to Gu worms, she was more concerned for her children’s safety.

“Did you see? Those two Gu were rank three Gu worms.”

“This inheritance really makes one anticipate what’s coming.”

“Luck and misfortune comes in turn, this saying is really true….”

Some were deeply moved and some were in awe.

“Don’t you find it odd? Why did they leave behind these Gu?” On the contrary, Tie Dao Ku could clearly sense something fishy as a spectator.

“Three, choose one, satisfied at heart. Bai Gu inheritance, left for future descendants.” Someone soon discovered the words carved in the stone pillar.

“This doesn’t look like a demonic path inheritance, I am afraid it is left behind by a righteous path Gu Master.”

“Tsk, heart is satisfied, but none of us are satisfied.”

“Let’s move, quick. We need to save the two young masters first, it won’t be late to visit it again later.”

The group urged each other and arrived to the third hall.

They saw the skeleton sitting cross legged and an enormous bone book.

“Gray Bone Scholar…. so this inheritance belonged to this senior.” An elder opened the book and realized that this was indeed a righteous path inheritance.

Bai Clan Leader’s furrowed brows relaxed a little.

This was the first good news she had heard till now.

Righteous path inheritance was usually mild and wasn’t treacherous like demonic path inheritance.

Tie Dao Ku, however, was starting to frown. He increasingly felt something was wrong, the words on the stone pillar had given to an indescribable worry in him.

The group picked up the smashed skull and saw a bone spike Gu inside it.

Following that, a part of the stone wall slid open and showed a new secret tunnel. The group entered this passage.

—————————————————

“Flesh Sac Secret Chamber…” Bai Ning Bing murmured before trying to push open the door.

The door was not locked at all and easily opened.

Behind the door was a hidden room which was not that big, but was very grotesque.

The walls in the hidden room were all made of flesh. When Fang and Bai walked inside, they felt like they had walked into the stomach of some monster.

The flesh walls were warm and slightly throbbed rhythmically as if there was a heart inside them.

As if sensing someone’s presence, the flesh walls suddenly opened up a small crack and revealed white teeth all over it.

Bai Ning Bing was astonished.

There seemed to be countless opened large mouths in the flesh walls.

The mouths opened up with jaws clenched, revealing a set of even teeth. The phrase ‘baring one’s fangs’ seemed to match this scene perfectly.

Heeheehee… hahaha… hehehe…

These mouths let out all kinds of laughing sounds. The laughs mixed together and echoed in this narrow secret chamber; anyone that heard it would feel their hearts palpitate!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 224: White Bone Inheritance (End) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

This Flesh Sac Secret Chamber was strange.

The surrounding flesh walls were filled with mouths and the mouths were open, revealing tightly clenched white teeth.

Not only this, these mouths were even letting out strange laughters, making one shiver all over.

Fang Yuan patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder: “This is the effect of flesh laughter Gu, it is just like Earth Treasury flower, and is used to store Gu worms. No need to worry too much.”

He had just finished saying this, when suddenly the teeth completely fell off from an open mouth and a scarlet tongue extended from the mouth.

The tongue was very long, about over a meter, and the front part was curled up.

When the tongue fully extended, the tip of the tongue started straightening and revealed a book on it.

This was a bone book too, except it was many times smaller than the Grey-Bone Huge Book; pocket-sized, about half of an adult’s palm.

Fang Yuan took it and then started looking through it.

The main idea behind the contents of the book was: Since the successor could reach this place, it is a proof of your pure nature and you can now inherit my true inheritance. I have two identities; ‘Grey Bone Scholar’ and ‘Flesh Bone Master’. This Flesh Sac Secret Chamber holds many Gu, if the successor is fated, you can try knocking the teeth; if your luck is good and you open the teeth, you could take the Gu worm hibernating inside.

“This is purely testing one’s luck.” Fang Yuan understood when he read this.

Bai Hua hadn’t told him about this barrier in detail, in his previous life. Fang Yuan could only test it randomly.

The first to succeed, however, wasn’t him, but Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing bent her forefinger and lightly knocked the teeth. These teeth were like musical instruments and would produce some kind of clear musical tone when they were hit.

She had just randomly knocked, and this mouth suddenly stopped its laughter; its teeth completely fell off and scarlet long tongue extended out from it, revealing within it a Gu.

“What Gu is this?” After looking at this Gu, pleasant surprise emerged in Bai Ning Bing’s face before changing into an odd expression.

This Gu looked quite peculiar as it looked like a set of dentures; spotless white teeth with an exceptionally neat set of upper and lower teeth, and gave off a pearl like luster.

Fang Yuan looked at it and immediately, a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on his face: “Not bad, this is the famous rank three healing Gu — Flesh-bone Gu!”

” Raising the dead, flesh white bone …” Bai Ning Bing mumbled.

Rising dead Gu was accepted as the number one healing Gu among rank four. Even if a Gu Master died, as long as the time of death didn’t cross fourteen hours and their whole bodies were intact, one could use this Gu to resurrect them.

However, this Gu could only be obtained by chance and not by seeking it as it was too valuable and rare. It was also a one-time-use expendable Gu, with high demand but no supply.

Flesh-bone was a rank three Gu, but it wasn’t an expendable Gu and could be used again and again.

It was often used together with rising dead Gu.

If a Gu Master’s corpse wasn’t intact, one could first use flesh-bone Gu to reconstruct their flesh, and then use rising dead Gu to resurrect the Gu Master.

Throughout the history, this pairing was quite common and had benefited a lot of big shots; among them were even rank nine immortal venerables and demon venerables.

This was an ideal healing Gu to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan had painfully searched for such a long time, and now his wish was finally being realized.

“Hehe, want it? You can exchange it with Yang Gu.” Bai Ning Bing held this Gu in his hand and laughed in satisfaction.

Fang Yuan sneered: “You think I am stupid?”

Bai Ning Bing’s smile faded and her gaze became cold: “We can come to an agreement as long as you hand over the Yang Gu. Fang Yuan, I have followed you for so long, but know that my patience has a limit. I am no longer afraid of death, at worst we will both die together.”

“You aren’t afraid of death, but do you think I am afraid?” Fang Yuan sneered. He had already expected such a situation and thus wasn’t surprised.

Bai Ning Bing took back her gaze and then carefully checked the flesh-bone Gu on her hand; the corner of her lips curled up: “Killing you might also be a good option. Look at yourself, you only have rank one cultivation but you can actually instantly refine Gu, and you also have the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. Besides these, if I kill you, I can at least possess this inheritance. Just thinking about it makes my heart beat in excitement…”

Bai Ning Bing’s words were full of threat.

“Possess this inheritance? Haha, did you forget the Bai clan who is chasing us? They might even be walking down the flight of stairs outside right this moment. Without me, do you know where to go to next? This inheritance looks like a one-way path from the surface, but actually has many branches. I can indeed not fight you at the moment, but you are too naive to think you can seize the treasures by killing me. Do you think I will give you the opportunity to take the Yang Gu? Just try it, if you don’t believe me.”

Fang Yuan then turned around and started knocking at the teeth again.

In fact, he also didn’t know where to go from here, as this secret chamber didn’t have any other passages.

Bai Ning Bing looked at the completely defenseless back of Fang Yuan; it looked like she could kill him if she just made a slight move.

But against all reason, Bai Ning Bing, however, didn’t dare make a move recklessly.

Fang Yuan’s words all struck her mind; Without Fang Yuan, how should she move next? Returning the way she came would be a death road.

Bai Ning Bing narrowed her eyes, and for a moment, she even felt ‘Is even the Bai clan’s attack under Fang Yuan’s calculation? Creating an external force to prevent her from killing him for the benefits?’

Till now, Bai Ning Bing was in a puzzled state. She couldn’t understand: Why would Bai clan ‘cooperate’ and accompany Fang Yuan all the way here?

In fact, her heart concealed deep worry ever since she was controlled by Fang Yuan.

Yang Gu was with Fang Yuan, she had always been worried Fang Yuan would use this to threaten her. Although Fang Yuan said he would hand over the Yang Gu to her once his cultivation reached rank three, what kind of person was Fang Yuan?

Bai Ning Bing couldn’t be more clear about this.

Going back on his words was a common thing to him, as natural as eating food and drinking water.

She might as well go die rather than to believe in Fang Yuan.

Let’s take an example of something that happened just recently. That miserable Bai Clan leader, wasn’t she an able woman? An elite and a very wise person, but after believing in Fang Yuan, what was her current state?

Fang Yuan was too good of an actor!

Goosebumps covered Bai Ning Bing’s body when she recalled the scene of Fang Yuan’s tears in the banquet.

This was a genuine sly fox!

He even intentionally glanced at Bai Lian repeatedly, just to lay a trap in which Bai clan was very happy to step in. She could still remember the brilliant expression on Bai Lian when Fang Yuan revolted; shocked and lifeless.

What Bai Ning Bing was most worried about now was Fang Yuan not handing over the Yang Gu even after reaching rank three.

The possibility was too big.

“Now I am a rank three and he is still rank one, I can still hold some initiative. But in the future when his cultivation reaches rank three or higher, wouldn’t I just be controlled by him and become his chess-piece?”

Bai Ning Bing was holding this kind of worry in her heart, and this worry deepened even more after Fang Yuan used green copper relic Gu and instantly broke through to rank one upper stage.

Bai Ning Bing was worried, but right now, there were many who were more worried than her, their worries even reaching an extreme point.

“What’s going on?” A group of people stood outside the exit of the inheritance and looked at their surroundings, their faces turning horribly ugly.

They had moved quickly through the path and charged through several bone halls. They were able to make some gains, but from the start to end, they didn’t encounter Fang and Bai. In the end, they walked out of the secret tunnel, to the outside of the mountain.

“It really is like this!” Tai Dao Ku suddenly exclaimed.

His words immediately attracted the attention of many.

“Brother Tie, what do you mean?” Bai Clan Leader immediately asked. If it was before, she would have already realized the answer with her astute senses. But now, her children were kidnapped and as time continued to pass by, she became more disconcerted.

“This Bai Gu mountain inheritance seems to be a one-way path, but it actually has many branches. Like this branch in my hand.” He casually broke off a thin branch from a bone tree near him.

“The path at the start should have been the same for both us and them, thus we could see their traces on our way. But afterwards, we should have walked through a branch path and they should have walked into another branch. Do you still remember the second hall? There were three pillars and I suspect that there was a contraption set up in the pillars; when we walked into the third hall, there was the Grey Bone Scholar’s skeleton, but there were no signs of the skeleton being moved. The crucial point should be the secret tunnel after the second hall…”

Tai Dao Ku hadn’t finished speaking when Bai Clan Leader coldly shouted: “Let’s go back!”

Time continued to pass, Fang Yuan really wished time could extend by fifty-sixty times right now.

He knew Bai Gu mountain’s inheritance, it could at most hoodwink someone for a while. When Bai clan Gu Masters realize the truth behind the structures, he and Bai Ning Bing would be in danger.

But as it so happens, he didn’t know how to continue from here.

The secret chamber didn’t have any other passages.

They definitely couldn’t return back the way they came; even if the majority of Bai Clan group walked through another passage, they will definitely have some people guarding the exit.

“Could this secret chamber already be the final area? Did Bai Hua and Bai Sheng obtain all their Gu worms from these mouths? That can’t be, the rumors in my previous life said Bai Hua and Bai Sheng arrived at a precipice after going through this inheritance site. This rumor has been publicly approved by Bai clan. Maybe the mechanism to open the passage is hidden in one of these mouths?”

Fang Yuan’s mind moved lightning fast.

They didn’t have much time left…

Bai Ning Bing was confused, he didn’t know the state they were in and only thought Fang Yuan had made some plans. However, Fang Yuan knew their situation was becoming more perilous.

This door didn’t have any defensive functions, who knows whether a furious mob of Bai Clan gu masters might come crashing down the door the next moment.

“By then, we can only rely on Bai Hua and Bai Sheng as our protective amulets. But this is not a very reliable guarantee. This world has many magical Gu worms; there are many with control abilities like causing dizziness, hypnosis, paralysis and so on. Bai Clan is a powerful clan and definitely has such methods.” When he thought of this, Fang Yuan couldn’t help looking at Bai Hua and Bai Sheng.

The twin siblings were lying on the ground, still unconscious.

“Got it.” Fang Yuan suddenly got a great idea.

He decided to wake up these two kids.

First of all, time was pressing, he needed more manpower. Second, Bai Hua and Bai Sheng were the true fated owners of Bai Gu mountain inheritance. What’s more, they were both mortals, there was no need to worry they could cause any accidents.

Executing his ideas immediately, Fang Yuan quickly walked over and kicked the twins.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 225: Jade Bones, Steel Bones 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Rumble…

There was an explosive sound before the bone wall collapsed, a new path appeared in everyone’s sights.

Destroying was much easier than creating, especially when this inheritance didn’t have anyone controlling it.

“We have news from ahead. The fifth path has been completely investigated but the target hasn’t been found.”

“Reporting to clan leader, I entered the sixth path and found a bone hall. There was a skeleton and a huge bone book in it.”

“Reporting, seventh path also has a hall with similar structure, with a skeleton sitting cross-legged and also a bone book.”

“Reporting, discovered the eight path!”

“Search again!” Bai Clan leader’s face was gloomy, there were over seven giant bone books piled up in front of her.

“This design really is in accordance to people’s hearts. When a Gu Master finds the skeleton and the bone book, they would subconsciously have a misunderstanding by thinking they already inherited the whole inheritance, but in truth Grey Bone Scholar has set up many similarly structured halls. The true inheritance should be hidden in one of the paths.” Tie Dao Ku was deeply interested.

Bai Clan Leader’s brows furrowed even deeper.

The situation had become complicated, she wasn’t worried Fang and Bai would head back the way they came, since she had already arranged many people to guard the entrance.

What she was worried about was Fang and Bai would escape from some paths in the inheritance. After all, she could only control the entrance and not the countless exits.

Right at this moment, a Gu Master rushed over with an ecstatic expression: “Found it. We found a bone hall in the eighth path; the skeleton in there has been smashed to pieces and the Gu worm in the skull has also been taken.”

“This is definitely the path they took!” Tie Dao Ku’s spirits was raised.

“Lead the way!” Bai Clan Leader immediately moved.

After a short period, a group of people hurriedly arrived at a hall.

“How can there be two secret tunnels?” An elder was surprised.

“Which path did those two demonic path thieves take?”

“Regardless, we will just go in two groups. Once we reach them, we must protect the young masters no matter what!”

The flight of stairs that led to Flesh Sac Secret Chamber stood out and attracted the attention of Bai Clan Leader, Tie Dao Ku and most of the elders.

“Flesh Sac Secret Chamber?” After a while, the group reached the end of the stairs.

BOOM!

The door was smashed to smithereens, and the group flocked inside.

However, there was not a soul in the secret chamber.

Heeheehee… hahaha… hehehe…

The countless mouths on the wall produced all kinds of laughing sounds.

“What nonsense is this?!”

“Laughter meat Gu, especially used to store treasures. These mouths are like drawers.”

“This mouth is opened quite wide, they might have gone through here.”

Bai Clan Leader glanced around before finally, her chilly gaze stared at the only secret tunnel in this chamber: “You, you and you will remain behind, rest of you will follow me!”

A while ago, in the same secret chamber.

Bai Sheng had just regained his consciousness when he felt a sharp pain in his stomach.

“If you don’t want to die, stand up!” Shortly, he heard a ruthless voice.

Towards this voice, Bai Sheng had the deepest impression of it.

It was precisely the owner of this voice who had cheated a whole clan and kidnapped him. Even the identity of Gu Yue clan’s young master might be a scam!

Scammer, hoodlum, demon!

Despite cursing in his heart, Bai Sheng still obediently crawled up.

He only then found that he was in an extremely strange place, the flesh walls around him were filled with mouths and were producing cacophony of laughters which was reverberating in his ears.

“Flesh laughter Gu?” He blurted out as he recalled the records in the books.

“Little guy, you are young but are quite knowledgeable.” Fang Yuan smiled.

According to the rumors in his previous life, he heard this Bai clan brother and sister were innately intelligent, especially the big brother Bai Sheng who had high wisdom even at young age with a memory ability that was close to photographic memory. Right now, he was able to recognize the flesh laughter Gu, it seemed the rumors were not baseless.

“You two!” Bai Sheng gritted his teeth and stared at Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing with deep hatred.

“Big brother!” Bai Hua had also been kicked awake by Fang Yuan, she ran to Bai Sheng’s side while sobbing.

Bai Sheng promptly protected his sister behind him.

“What a great sibling relationship.” Bai Ning Bing chuckled.

“You malevolent woman! You grew up so beautiful, but your heart is as poisonous as a scorpion!” Bai Sheng fearlessly scolded.

The smile on Bai Ning Bing’s face immediately disappeared.

Bai Sheng’s words deeply stabbed her. ‘Woman’, ‘beautiful’, she didn’t want to hear these words even a little bit.

Slap, slap, slap!

She walked forward and grabbed Bai Sheng before slapping him thrice.

She possessed the strength of a crocodile, and although she restrained majority of her strength, after she finished with her slaps, Bai Sheng’s two cheeks turned red and swollen.

“Venomous woman, evil woman, kill me if you have guts!” However, Bai Sheng still continued to curse.

Slap, Slap, Slap!

Bai Ning Bing gave him another three slaps.

” Sob sob , let my big brother go, please release my big brother…” Bai Hua grasped Bai Ning Bing’s leg and implored, crying.

“Sister…don’t beg her!” Bai Sheng spoke with difficulty.

Fang Yuan sighed, he then walked forward and grabbed Bai Hua’s collar.

The little girl cried out in panic when she was lifted by Fang Yuan.

Bai Sheng could not longer act unyielding as he anxiously shouted: “Evil thief, let go of my sister!”

Fang Yuan extended another hand and tightly pinched Bai Hua’s cheek, before saying in an unhurried tone: “So noisy, if you make anymore noise, do you believe that I will cut off both of your tongues? Yes, how about I start by cutting off this little girl’s tongue first?”

A slight smile raised the corners of his lips; cold light flashed in his eyes as he released his killing intent.

Bai Hua was so scared she didn’t dare to weep anymore, tears floated in her eyes.

Bai Sheng wanted to open his mouth to talk back, but his heart immediately palpitated with a glance from Fang Yuan, and he shut his mouth.

“This is good. Obediently cooperate with me and maybe I will let you live.” Fang Yuan was still smiling.

Bai Ning Bing’s mouth twitched.

However, Fang Yuan immediately added on: “I am saying the truth. I don’t dare to make an enemy of your mother, capturing you was also to ensure our safety. If you obey us, we will let you go. Of course, if you don’t cooperate, haha, I don’t mind cutting off your tongues or few of your fingers to play with.”

“Then what do you want us to do?” Bai Sheng took a deep breath, he wasn’t afraid of the cold Bai Ning Bing, but was afraid of the smiling Fang Yuan.

“Do you see these mouths in the walls?” Fang Yuan’s smile turned even bigger.

He explained the details and let these brother and sister go about knocking the teeth.

Barely a moment had passed when Bai Hua cried out in fear.

In front of her, a mouth opened up, its scarlet tongue extended and revealed a quail egg sized bone ball.

The ball was covered with black and white stripes, making Fang Yuan associate with an animal from Earth — zebra.

Fang Yuan quickly walked over and took this Gu, his countenance changing in pleasant surprise.

If he wasn’t wrong, this was a movement type Gu — footless bird.

This Gu could only be used once, but it’s body was big and it could fly thousands of miles.

This really was like receiving a pillow when one was sleepy .

Fang Yuan had just been worried about how to escape, and to think Bai Hua would present him with a footless bird!

However, this pleasant surprise was just the beginning.

After a while, Bai Sheng also achieved success.

He knocked and opened a mouth, a bone was revealed on its tongue.

The two ends of this bone was smooth and round; the middle part was long and slender; and there was a greenish glow to the bone like a green jade stone.

Jade bone Gu!

Fang Yuan held it, before immediately refining and putting it into his aperture.

This time, it was Bai Ning Bing’s turn to be envious.

Jade bone Gu could remodel the Gu Master’s skeleton into that of a jade like quality, making the bones harder and more supple. This effect was permanent like black and white boar Gu or the crocodile strength Gu.

Even more important thing was Jade bone Gu could be matched with ice muscle Gu to produce excellent effect.

Bai Ning Bing already had ice muscle, if she also possessed jade bones, she would have ‘ice muscles and jade bones’, the two effects would mutually complement each other producing a much better result.

However, this jade bone Gu was a one time use expendable Gu. It also had a shortcoming; the gu master would suffer from extremely intense pain when using it. A lot of Gu Masters with weak willpower have died from the pain of using the jade bone Gu.

“Do you want it? You can exchange it with meat-bone Gu.” Fang Yuan smiled.

Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted and turned around without replying, increasing her efforts in knocking the teeth.

But this action was purely relying on one’s luck. There were ten pairs of teeth in a mouth, and one needed to at least knock five teeth in correct order for the teeth to fall off.

Bai Ning Bing hadn’t succeeded apart from his first try.

As for Fang Yuan, he was even more miserable.

However, after some time, Bai Hua and Bai Sheng again gave pleasant surprises.

Bai Hua knocked down another set of teeth, providing Fang Yuan with an Iron bone Gu.

And the mouth Bai Sheng knocked, gradually opened wide, changing into a new secret tunnel.

Such luck of the brother and sister made Bai Ning Bing inwardly gasp in surprise.

She didn’t know this pair of brother and sister was the true fated owner of this inheritance. Fate was a type of otherworldly, magical, mystical strength; especially in this world, there were some rare Gu worms that contained the fragments of the law of fate, giving some lucky Gu Masters a grasp of some powers of the fate.

Since the new secret tunnel had appeared, Fang Yuan didn’t think of staying any longer.

Bai clan Gu Masters could arrive at any time, and the remaining Gu worms were in the mouths which were locked firmly and were very difficult to destroy. They could only be left behind fo them.

Fang Yuan again knocked Bai Sheng and Bai Hua unconscious, carrying them in each of his hands as he followed behind Bai Ning Bing into the giant mouth.

The two came upon a hall as they walked through this secret tunnel.

This was the widest bone hall they had come across.

Just from the area alone, it was over 2 km2 . In the center of the hall was a bone pyramid; the peak was flattened into a platform with two flights of stairs leading to it.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other, there were nothing else other than this bone pyramid.

After checking their surroundings and noticing no dangers, the two walked to the platform on the peak of the pyramid.

There was a sculpture of a skull of a giant ferocious beast on the platform; it was taller than half a man and looked like a lion or a tiger, with tightly closed fangs.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Looks like the sculpture of either a lion or a tiger skull, isn’t this the rumored mechanism which needs two people to cooperate?” A thought flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind.

“There are words carved in this sculpture’s fangs.” Bai Ning Bing made a new discovery, she then began to read the carvings in a low voice: ” Gemini with one mind, three spirits unite. Fated or not, do not be forceful…  what does this mean?”

“This is the code to opening the mechanism in this place. Gemini means two people should work together to open the mechanism. Three souls indicate a person’s mind, palm and eye.” Fang Yuan recalled from his memories.

Among the four limbs of a human, palm was most nimble; among the five organs, the quickest was the eyes; and human’s mind could think as fast as a lightning spark.

Hence, they were called three spirits.

“Come, put your palm on the pupils of the sculpture.”

There was a translucent, pure red gem in the eyes of the skull sculpture. The red stone was as big as large porcelain bowls and it clearly reflected the figures of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

However, there was no change at all even after putting their palms on the red gem pupils for a long time.

“Haha, your words make sense but it turned out to be wrong.” Bai Ning Bing didn’t let go of any chance to snide at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s expression turned dark; Bai Hua had recounted and described about this mechanism according to his previous life’s memories. Logically, this should be the correct procedure, but why was there no change?

“One-minded gemini, three souls united…” Fang Yuan muttered, “Three souls united has been achieved, but one mind, one mind…” A bright light slowly appeared in his eyes as he continued his thoughts.

Is it saying the two people to open this mechanism must be of one mind and one heart?

If it is so, even if he and Bai Ning Bing were working together, they were only forced by the situation and were actually divided in hearts, with each having their own plans. No wonder, they couldn’t achieve the ‘one mind’!

When he thought of this, Fang Yuan couldn’t help looking at Bai Sheng and Bai Hua again.

As a result, this pair of brother and sister was again kicked awake by Fang Yuan.

“Evil thieves, what do you want?!” Bai Sheng angrily shouted after having woken.

Bai Hua, however, didn’t cry anymore, her two big eyes were closely gazing at Fang and Bai with deep hatred.

Fang Yuan couldn’t be bothered to explain to them; he directly grabbed the palms of the two and placed them separately on the pair of red gem pupils.

They were truly the inheritors decided by the fate, the moment these two’s small hands touched the red gem, it let out a bright light.

Crack, crack…

The skull slowly opened its mouth and revealed a large pile of coal stones and dry woods.

In the center of the black coal stones was a simple looking pottery container and a scroll lied on it.

“What is this?” Fang Yuan casually threw the twins onto the ground, then picked up and read the scroll before coming to an understanding.

It turns out the owner of this inheritance, Gray Bone Scholar, didn’t have a high aptitude; thus he was distressed about his cultivation throughout his life.

All his life, he put all his efforts into researching a type of Gu that could help a Gu Master to quickly cultivate.

There were already plenty of cultivation assisting Gu worms; the most typical being the liquor worm. However, these Gu worms were mostly very rare and would be very difficult to popularize.

Gray Bone Scholar’s aspiration was big, he wanted to research and refine an excellent Gu worm that could be widely used.

However, even when his lifespan was at its end, even after countless failures, he wasn’t able to achieve success.

At the final juncture of his life, maybe heaven took pity on him, when he was setting up the white bone mountain inheritance, he suddenly had an extremely ingenious enlightenment.

What was the main method to quickly raise a Gu master’s cultivation without the help of the specific Gu worms?

It was to let an elder impart his primeval essence..

Previously at Qing Mao mountain, Gu Yue Chi Cheng had received such help, receiving the refined primeval essence from his grandfather Gu Yue Chi Lian.

However, this move had a big disadvantage.

It was the mixture of different primeval essence, relying on an elder’s higher ranked primeval essence to wash and refine the aperture walls would leave behind his aura in the aperture, causing a Gu Master’s future development to be greatly restricted.

Unless one used cleansing water Gu to cleanse the mixed aura.

However, cleansing water Gu was also a rare Gu and ordinary Gu Masters would find it difficult to obtain it. Even elder level characters would have to rely on luck or pay a tremendous price.

Thus, imparting method also couldn’t be widespread.

Hence, Gray Bone Scholar thought of a wonderful concept.

If there was a Gu which could refine other’s primeval essence into the Gu Master’s primeval essence, wouldn’t that mean there would be no mixed aura after imparting?

He began making series of attempts and after removing most of the possibilities, he made a plan which had the highest probability of success.

The name of this experiment was —”Bone Flesh Unity Gu”.

This was what was written in the scroll: To refine this Gu, two Gu Masters must work together. And these two Gu Masters must have blood relation; Parents and children or twins. Relying on the connection of the blood lineage could one transform the primeval essence.

However, Gray Bone Scholar didn’t have enough time to put this concept into practice. After having made most of the preparations, he could only helplessly stop at the final juncture.

Although he had two nicknames, he, however, was only one person. What he lacked were two Gu Masters who fulfilled the criterias.

The final content on the scroll clearly revealed Gray Bone Scholar’s endless regret.

He did not have enough time to redo the preparations, and could only leave behind this blueprint. If someone fated was to arrive to this point and could open the mechanism and see this scroll, that would mean the Gu Masters who met the conditions had appeared!

“There is no harm in trying it, no matter what the result, please convey it to my gravestone.” These words in the scroll contained a lifetime of obsession of Gray Bone Scholar.

It turned out this pyramid Fang Yuan was stepping on was the tomb of Gray Bone Scholar.

There was no need to try though, Fang Yuan already knew the idea of bone flesh unity Gu was a success. Because in his previous life, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua — relying on this dual cultivation — had become the twin stars of righteous path, pushing the might of Bai Clan towards the peak with their rank five cultivation.

However, it was quite troublesome for Fang Yuan now.

He had originally thought bone flesh unity Gu was a finished product. But in fact, it had still not been refined into existence yet and couldn’t even be considered half-finished.

Moreover, he and Bai Ning Bing didn’t fulfill the conditions to refine this bone flesh unity Gu.

Unless, Gu Yue Fang Zheng had been here.

Even then, refining this bone flesh unity Gu might not end up good.

According to the description on the scroll, bone flesh unity Gu was a series of Gu and didn’t refer to just one type of Gu. And the deeper the feelings between the two Gu Masters refining this Gu, the better the quality of the refined bone flesh unity Gu.

Looking at the relation between Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng, the refined bone flesh unity Gu would absolutely not be perfect.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this bone flesh unity Gu had of course been refined by Bai Sheng and Bai Hua. However, the time was now many years in advance, although the two had deep feelings, but they were yet to become Gu Masters and thus couldn’t fulfil the criteria.

Bone flesh unity Gu was the most important target of Fang Yuan in this inheritance. The materials and the forge were already well prepared by Gray Bone Scholar, the only thing lacking was the final step; refinement.

Give up? Fang Yuan, of course, wasn’t willing to.

Then again, to refine it, let’s not speak of the refinement conditions not being met, there was still a group of powerful experts chasing them.

Time was pressing, Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and decided to take the risk.

He and Bai Ning Bing only met half the criteria, but Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, however, met the other half. Maybe there was a hope for success if the four worked together.

“Come, help out.” Fang Yuan began to ignite the dry woods in the skull sculpture.

The fire instantly soared and burned furiously.

“You plan to forcibly refine it?” Bai Ning Bing was shocked, “This can’t be a sensible option.”

Although she said so, she still made her move and put her palm on the red gem pupil, pouring her primeval essence into it.

The blazing fire suddenly changed color, from orange to eerie blue.

The pottery container was roasted by the fire; the several hibernating Gu worms woke up from the heat and began to crazily struggle. The pottery container shook constantly, but there was no damage to it.

The refining steps wasn’t complicated, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing alternatively poured their primeval essence.

Soon, they reached the final critical juncture.

This step needed fresh flesh from the two Gu Masters, which would be thrown into the fire to be purified. The scroll clearly stated that the more flesh was thrown into the fire, the better the effects would be.

“Fortunately, we have flesh-bone Gu; cutting off few pieces of flesh wouldn’t be any problem.” Bai Ning Bing was just about to take action when she was stopped by Fang Yuan.

“Slow down, I have a better idea.”

Bai Ning Bing followed Fang Yuan’s line of sight to Bai Sheng and Bai Hua, the twins.

“You actually want to tamper with the modify at this juncture?” A disturbed gaze flashed in Bai Ning Bing’s eyes as she realized Fang Yuan’s intention.

“You, what do you want?!” Bai Sheng protected his sister behind him, as all of a sudden, he felt a calamity looming over them, causing him to feel anxious and panicky.

Being meat or fish on another’s chopping board , when Fang and Bai were refining the Gu worms, they knew they couldn’t run away, thus they had been obediently staying to the side, waiting for their clansmen to come to rescue.

However now, Bai Sheng felt tremendous regret!

“You should feel honored that your sacrifices will bring into existence an entirely new type of Gu worm. Even Senior Gray Bone would feel happy if he knew in the netherworld, right?” Fang Yuan gave an evil grin as he pressed on towards the pair of brother and sister.

“Sister, run away!” Bai Sheng shouted before charging towards Fang Yuan and grasping his leg.

“Big brother!” Tears spilled out from Bai Hua’s eyes, and just when she was hesitating, Fang Yuan had already knocked Bai Sheng unconscious.

Seeing Fang Yuan coming closer to her, an enormous fear was spreading at the little girl’s heart.

She turned around and ran, but how could she be faster than Fang Yuan?

She was quickly caught by Fang Yuan, her heart sank down and she futilely struggled and wailed: “Mother, where are you?”

Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent as he knocked her unconscious too.

It was all done efficiently; he removed all the clothes from this pair of brother and sister, then carrying one on each hand, he threw them into the fire.

The moment they were thrown into the fire, they immediately woke up due to the heat, severe pain attacked them as they tried to madly flee.

The two jumped out from the fire with their limbs crazily moving about as they desperately struggled.

Fang Yuan coldly snorted, before kicking them back into the fire.

The scroll stated that it required fresh flesh, thus Fang Yuan didn’t want to kick them to death. As such, after he kicked them, they again ran out before he kicked them back in again.

This continued over and over, until Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were finally burned to death.

Their bodies resembled candles as they slowly melted; the fire turned from eerie blue to scarlet blood color.

However, the fire transformation slowed down and didn’t change to reddish-purple.

The scroll had stated, the color of the fire had to change into reddish-purple for this step to be considered a success.

“What to do?” Bai Ning Bing’s brows were furrowed; the Gu Masters would also receive backlash if the Gu refinement failed.

Fang Yuan’s mind worked at turbo speed: “Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were the fated inheritors, why did it fail? It seems because there was a discrepancy because they were not Gu Masters. If so, we need to try again!”

Fang Yuan didn’t hesitate as he activated tusita flower to spit out a sharp blade.

He stretched his forearm and slashed, blood started flowing rapidly and he threw his own flesh into the fire which was now blazing higher than a man’s height.

“Your turn.” After doing this, he threw the sharp blade to Bai Ning Bing.

“You sure it will work?” Bai Ning Bing hesitated for a while before she similarly used the blade to slash at her forearm. However, because of her ice muscles, the blade seemed to be cutting into ice.

With no other choice, Bai Ning Bing called out chainsaw golden centipede and sawed a piece of flesh.

When her flesh landed into the fire, the fire immediately turned reddish-purple.

“Good, success or failure depends on this! We need to pour our primeval essence together.” Fang Yuan was overjoyed at this scene.

The two poured their primeval essence into the red gem pupils at the same time; the mechanism started slowly closing up, like a bone beast swallowing the blazing flames.

Two rows of fangs came together and the jaws closed securely; the flame continued burning from inside, roasting the skull into a shade of scarlet.

 Bang! The pottery container seemed to have exploded.

The whole skull shook.

Only after hearing this sound, Fang and Bai let go of their hands.

Fang Yuan closely stared at the movement while extending his hand towards Bai Ning Bing.

He didn’t say anything, but Bai Ning Bing already knew what Fang Yuan wanted.

She snorted, but thinking about the situation, she had no choice other than to give the flesh-bone Gu to Fang Yuan.

She didn’t have the ability to instantly refine Gu worms, but Fang Yuan could.

Flesh-bone Gu didn’t resist even a bit under the aura of Spring Autumn cicada and was instantly refined.

However, although Fang Yuan refined it, he couldn’t use it due to his low cultivation. Thus, he again handed it to Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing received it and immediately activated it; an orange glow covered the wound on her forearm and almost instantly, skin and flesh grew out and her injury was completely healed!

However, Bai Ning Bing’s rank three peak stage primeval essence was also instantly down by twenty percent!

The disadvantage of flesh-bone Gu was it required instant consumption of a great amount of primeval essence. If it were Fang Yuan’s green copper primeval essence, he wouldn’t be able to activate it even if his primeval sea completely dried up.

Following, Bai Ning Bing healed Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s face was pale, he didn’t have ice muscles to stop his bleeding in a short period, thus he had lost a lot of blood.

The injuries on their forearms had healed, but the pain was still as intense as before and their hearts trembled from the pain, even feeling dizzy!

But the two had iron willpower, despite such pain, their expressions didn’t change as they forcibly withstood the intense pain.

In a flash, the skull slowly opened up; the fire had already disappeared.

There were neither any traces of the pottery container nor the corpses of Bai Sheng and Bai Hua left.

Two Gu worms appeared in Fang Yuan’s sight.

One was green and another red, they were tied together like two jade bracelets, and quietly let out warm luster as they hovered in the air.

“This is the bone flesh unity Gu?” Without taking the time to carefully investigate, Fang Yuan took it and instantly refined it, storing it into his aperture.

“Let’s go!” He flew down the platform and rushed into the new secret tunnel that had appeared at the end of the hall.

Only a short moment after, Bai Clan Gu Masters arrived at this hall.

“Someone refined a Gu here!” The remaining aura in the air made the elders’ expressions change.

“Look, there are clothes of the two young masters.” Soon, they found children’s clothing that had been torn by Fang Yuan on the high platform.

Seeing this, an intensely bad feeling struck Bai Clan Leader’s heart, almost causing her to blackout.

She didn’t dare to even make the connection.

“Chase them! They can’t have gone far, my children are definitely with them!” Bai Clan Leader shouted, her two eyes had become bloodshot.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 227: Footless bird, spread your wings and fly! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Sprinting!

The secret tunnel seemed to continue on forever. But any long journey eventually came to an end.

After the first glimmer of light, Fang and Bai’s vision gradually expanded.

“The exit!” Bai Ning Bing shouted.

” According to the info from my previous life, this secret tunnel should lead to a cliff on Bai Gu mountain .” Fang Yuan did not speak, his thoughts rumbled in his mind.

He should thank the two dead siblings, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua. Their information attracted Fang Yuan here. And because of their sacrifice, Fang Yuan managed to obtain the coveted flesh bone unity Gu.

Suddenly, footsteps could be heard from behind.

“We’ve finally caught up!”

“We found those two bastards!”

“Where are you going!”

Bai clan Gu Masters rushed up imposingly, seething with killing intent.

Bai clan leader was ahead of them all, with the elders behind her. The narrow tunnel turned the Bai clan group into a long queue.

Blitz Gu.

Suddenly, a clan elder accelerated, his body moving like a cannon, catching up to Fang Yuan.

“Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan shouted.

Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth, swinging her hand behind her.

Blood moon Gu.

With a crisp sound, a blood blade flew out, hitting the elder and slowing his movement.

But immediately, all kinds of lights exploded in the tunnel as large numbers of attacks came towards Fang and Bai.

“Bai Ning Bing, take this!” Fang Yuan shouted, lending the canopy Gu to her again.

Bai Ning Bing activated the canopy Gu, iron spike thorns Gu, as well as the defense of the ice muscles, all three together to resist the attacks.

“Bai clan, don’t you want to know the location of your two young masters?” Fang Yuan shouted loudly.

As the Bai clan Gu Masters remembered Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were in Fang and Bai’s hands, they stopped their attacks.

“Speak, what did you do to our clan’s young masters!”

“If anything happens to them, you will pay dearly!!”

“Return my children!!” Bai clan leader flew into a rage, she pointed forward with her finger and a cold light shot out.

Frost fish Gu!

This Gu was only the size of a dart and looked like a fish. It drew an arc in the air as it shot forward, homing down towards Fang and Bai.

Fang Yuan snorted, he didn’t dodge and just let the frost fish Gu hit him.

Suddenly cold air enveloped his body, and his speed drastically fell.

Stealth scales Gu.

With a thought, there were ripples undulating around his body and making him invisible.

“Don’t think so!” A clan elder suddenly stretched out his right hand and grabbed towards Fang Yuan.

Swoosh.

With a soft sound, the stealth scales Gu that was hiding in Fang Yuan’s aperture suddenly broke into pieces and perished.

Fang Yuan’s heart sank, activating the jumping grass immediately.

There was a numbing sensation on his feet as green grass that looked like springs grew out of his flesh and skin.

Fang Yuan used the elasticity of the green grass, and jumped forward, his speed increasing drastically.

“I’ll take my leave first, remember to jump!” He left behind this weird sentence.

“What?” Bai Ning Bing was confused, but then heard the wind blowing behind her.

Her heart jumped when she turned around to look.

It was the Bai clan leader, her eyes dyed red, looking like an agitated lioness. Her furious aura made even Bai Ning Bing’s heart shudder.

 After all, she was a rank 4 Gu Master.

Bang!

Bai clan leader punched directly, the huge force shattered the canopy Gu’s white armor immediately.

Bai Ning Bing threw up a mouthful of blood, as she summoned the chainsaw golden centipede.

The chainsaw golden centipede turned into a golden light and coiled around the Bai clan leader.

Using this opportunity, Bai Ning Bing sprinted and arrived at the exit.

It was a cliff!

At this moment, Bai Ning Bing suddenly understood what Fang Yuan meant — he wanted her to jump off a cliff!

“You cannot escape!” Bai clan leader shouted from behind, as for the chainsaw golden centipede, it had been torn to pieces using brute strength.

Bai Ning Bing was struggling.

At this height, it was a guaranteed death if she jumped down. But in this circumstance, she had no other choice.

She gritted her teeth and jumped.

“She really jumped!”

“She’s dead meat!”

Some Bai clan Gu Masters exclaimed, stopping before the cliff.

Bai clan leader looked down and saw Bai Ning Bing rapidly falling down. Her veins popped on her forehead as she growled: “I want to see them if they are alive, and their corpses if they are dead. I will definitely catch them!”

Wind roared in Bai Ning Bing’s ears as she continued to fall.

She had never thought there would be a day where she would be forced to jump off a cliff.

“I’m going to die like this? Although this is exhilarating, I am not satisfied…” As death approached, Bai Ning Bing’s heart was in turmoil.

“I have not obtained the Yang Gu, what a tragedy to die as a female. But once I reach the ground, I will definitely be a pile of smashed meat and no one will be able to tell my gender anyway.”

Bai Ning Bing was not sure why she was having such a strange thought right before death.

At this time, the turbulence around her increased, as she heard a voice: “Bai Ning Bing!”

Bai Ning Bing turned around, how could it be anyone else but Fang Yuan?

At this time, Fang Yuan was descending as well, but he was stepping on a white bone bird below his feet.

Footless bird!

This bird had no flesh or blood, its body made of bones. It had an eagle’s head, crane’s body, swallow’s tail and two pairs of wings, but no legs.

Fang Yuan’s body was covered in blood and filth, it was evident that he had sustained many injuries back in the secret tunnel earlier.

“Grab my hand.” He squatted on the bird’s back, reaching out his hand.

Clap !

With a clap, two hands grasped each other tightly.

Fang Yuan exerted more strength and pulled Bai Ning Bing onto the back of the bird.

However, at this time, there was a rock less than 300 metres below them, as the footless bird descended towards the rock like a shooting star.

“Careful, we’re gonna crash!” Bai Ning Bing shouted, her heart almost jumping out of her body.

The mountain rock increased in size rapidly in her vision.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, shouting ferociously: “How can my demonic path falter in this tiny little Bai Gu mountain, RISE FOR ME!”

RISE, RISE, RISE!

His shout echoed in the valley.

Under his manipulation, the footless bird flapped its wings furiously, using all its strength to slow the descent. Cracks started appearing on its four bone wings.

Fang Yuan’s primeval essence in his aperture reduced rapidly, but with the heavenly essence treasure lotus sending out large amounts of primeval essence, Fang Yuan’s primeval sea rose and lowered continuously.

A group of bone beasts relaxing near the mountain rocks felt the commotion and raised their heads before immediately sprinting in a run.

A grey back ostrich was so scared it dug its sharp head into the white bone mountain rocks, raising its butt high in the sky.

Ostriches were like this, when they were scared, they liked to feel false assurance.

Moments away from crashing!

Bai Ning Bing forgot to breathe and Fang Yuan looked on with furious eyes.

Under the intense wind pressure, the white bone trees on this mountain rock collapsed. But eventually, the footless bird flew past the ostrich’s butt, soaring into the sky at a steep angle.

The ostrich’s butt wing was shaved till nothing was left, revealing its round empty butt.

“Hahaha.” Bai Ning Bing started laughing wildly on the bird’s back.

Having barely survived and relieving the pressure of death, she felt her heart gradually sinking back into place.

Exciting, truly exciting, the excitement of life and death was always the most breathtaking. Wasn’t such life what she desired and pursued?

“Footless bird, fly to the blue sky.” She was almost on the verge on singing in excitement.

“Clan leader! They’re alive!” At the cliff, Bai clan’s Gu Masters said with dark expressions.

“We can’t catch up, that is the footless bird, able to fly ten thousand miles in a day.” Tie Dao Ku sighed helplessly.

Flying Gu worms were rare, and those who could match the footless bird’s speed were little to none. Under rank five, the footless bird was the number one flying steed.

“Alas, the heavens are blind! How can such evildoers be allowed to live!” Some elderly shouted in anger, pounding on their chests.

Bai clan leader’s eyes were bloodshot, she gritted her teeth while clenching her fists so tightly that her bones seemed about to burst out.

Hearing Bai Ning Bing’s laughter, she even had the urge the jump down the cliff to pursue them!

It was not that Bai clan did not have a flying Gu, some Gu Masters had already displayed their abilities, chasing after Fang and Bai. But looking at their speed, even an idiot would know that it would be impossible for them to catch up to these two.

An intense bitterness filled the Bai clan Gu Master’s hearts.

They could only watch helplessly even when the criminal was fleeing before their very eyes.

“No! We definitely cannot let them escape! We cannot!!” A Gu Master shouted in fury, his body suddenly started burning with intense flames.

“Bai Zhan Wen.” Bai clan leader’s expression changed.

“Lord clan elder!” Everyone was stunned.

“Grandpa!” Bai Zhan Lie was full of tears.

“Clan leader, everyone! We cannot let these two scoundrels escape, or where will our Bai clan’s dignity lie? The revenge for our two young masters is of utmost importance! After I am gone, please take care of my grandson, this lad’s temperament is as tough as mine…” He started losing his voice at the end.

His entire flesh, skin and bones turned into fire, and his voice naturally disappeared along with them.

Even his pupils transformed into a dark purple color.

He had turned into a human shaped fire!

Fire burned and raised the surrounding temperature, and everyone started retreating back while a sad song seemed to sound in the mountain.

Human Torch Gu.

A rank 4 Gu, which once used, immolated the entire body, turning it into fire until his lifeforce was depleted. This Bai Zhan Wen elder chose to sacrifice his life to gain this immense power.

“Good, our clan shall stand here and witness elder’s contribution!” Bai clan leader was moved.

But Bai Zhan Wen could no longer hear them.

As his life burnt, he felt an unprecedented power flowing in his body, completely free and unbound.

The purple black pupil gazed at the surrounding people and looked at his grandson one last time, before flying into the sky.

The human torch rapidly approached the footless bird.

“Good!” Everyone shouted in excitement.

Bai clan leader’s steel-like cold expression showed some agitation too.

“A strong foe!” Bai Ning Bing’s expression was grim.

She lacked experience in aerial combat, she might fall and be smashed to bits if she was careless.

Howl!

The human torch growled, intense killing intent flickering in his dark purple pupils.

Sparks flashed as the human torch’s speed increased again, pouncing towards Fang Yuan like lightning.

“Hold on tight!” Fang Yuan was concentrating the entire time in maneuvering the footless bird.

Footless bird raised its speed and pulled away, causing the human torch to pounce on empty air.

Waves of sighing and pity could be heard from the cliff.

But quickly, the human torch pounced up again.

Footless bird swerved again and narrowly dodged, Bai Ning Bing was almost thrown off and quickly grabbed into a bone that was jutting out.

Howl!

The human torch came attacking again.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly, the footless bird suddenly contracted its wings, dropping to the ground.

The human torch followed closely, its speed surpassed the footless bird and was getting closer.

Footless bird suddenly spread its four wings, stopping its downfall and flying in the reverse direction.

BOOM!

The human torch’s flying was completely dependant on the propulsion of the flames, he had no wings to help him quickly change his direction, and came crashing down onto the mountain rocks.

At once, over 6 kilometre square of land burst into flames, killing all bone beasts and large numbers of bone trees in its range.

In the sea of fire, a lump of fire gathered into a human shape again, flying away, and chasing Fang and Bai relentlessly.

However, the use of Gu worms also depended on their users.

In Gu Master’s cultivation aspects of nurture, use and refine, “use” was one. Not anyone could simply take out a Gu and display its full ability. The methods and techniques involved were very profound.

Human Torch Gu was a suicidal technique and naturally it would be Bai Zhan Lie’s first time using it. But Fang Yuan, although this was his first time riding the footless bird in this life, he had used an uncountable number of flying Gu worms in his previous life, his experience was many times of Bai Zhan Lie, almost to the point of being an instinct ingrained upon his soul.

At the cliff, Bai clan members were observing the battle situation.

Their expressions slowly changed from hopeful and anticipation, to anger.

Anyone could tell now that the footless bird was playing around with elder Bai Zhan Wen.

The human torch’s growling which originally sounded so awe inspiring and full of authority, now sounded like he was helplessly venting in a sorrowful state.

“Damn it…” Someone clenched his fist in frustration.

“How can this happen?” Tie Dao Ku was also stunned by Fang Yuan’s skill, sighing as he knew there was nothing he could do anymore.

“Fang Zheng, I want you to die!” Bai Zhan Lie shouted, the seed of hatred sowing deep in his heart.

Elder Bai Zhan Wen’s sacrifice was becoming a joke, being toyed around by Fang Yuan, it was an ironic slap across Bai clan’s face.

Gradually, everyone’s anger turned into disappointment and despair.

“We can’t catch them anymore.”

“Can we do nothing other than to look at this?”

“Gu Yue Fang Zheng…” Many people spoke this name, gritting their teeth.

Footless bird flew casually in the air, dodging the human torch yet again and again.

“Young man, your bird maneuvering techniques are superb, hahaha!” Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily, letting her guard down.

Fang Yuan’s expression froze: “Careful!”

BOOM!

An intense explosion occurred, Bai Zhan Wen knew he could not catch up to Fang and Bai, thus he chose to self-detonate.

The explosion and flames engulfed the footless bird.

Thankfully, the footless bird was made of white bones, even its wings were like pieces of thin bone pieces.

The fire didn’t cause much damage, the true danger was the impact caused by the explosion.

Footless bird’s body was full of cracks, and it lost its balance, plummeting to the ground.

After descending for a distance, under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, it regained its balance, and flew far away.

“Fang Yuan!” Bai Ning Bing screamed.

Earlier, Fang Yuan lent her the canopy Gu, she had the Gu worm to protect her, but Fang Yuan did not.

When the explosion occurred, Fang Yuan had no time to activate a defensive Gu.

When the footless bird rushed out of the flame, Fang Yuan’s body was burning in the fire.

The intense winds caused the fire to burn even more greatly, even the earth hearing ear grass in his right ear was burnt. But his expression was cold like steel, like he was not suffering any injuries at all.

After footless bird regained its stability, Fang Yuan took out tusita flower and poured the milk spring over his head.

The fire was extinguished, but his skin was mostly burnt and his face disfigured; he looked extremely tragic.

Bai Ning Bing tried to speak, but could not say anything.

Fang Yuan, however, smirked and laughed: “I like the footless bird, do you know why?”

He smiled, but the sight was horrifying.

“Why?”

“Because it has no legs, only wings, thus it has no choice but to fly. When it lands, that signifies its destruction.”

Betting it all in one chance, fly or die!

Bai Ning Bing’s blue pupils dilated, shining with brilliance. The winds blew on her face, causing her silver hair to flutter, Bai Ning Bing’s lips also curled up: “Hehehe, then let us fly up into the sky.”

Footless bird flew into the sky, becoming a dot in the horizon before eventually vanishing.

On the cliff, Bai clan members watched until their eyes seemed to penetrate the sky, but none spoke.

An eerie silence engulfed everyone.

The world was so vast!

The eerie blue sky, the snow-like white Bai Gu mountain, the sunlight shining down, footless bird, Fang and Bai’s silhouettes; this scene was deeply engraved into everyone’s hearts.

Fury grew in their hearts, as hatred germinated in their hearts.

Puff.

Bai clan leader vomited a mouthful of fresh blood, and fell down on her back, fainting.

“Clan leader!”

“Lord clan leader!”

“Quick, healing Gu Masters, save the clan leader!”

Panic ensued on the cliff.

(Author’s note: What is demonic path? A kind of path, that has its own ideology and beliefs. Towards what a demonic path is, everyone has their unique understanding towards it, but to me, the footless bird embodied a kind of demonic spirit. Demonic path is cruel, not only to others, but more towards oneself. Thus, it is not well liked by the masses.)



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 228: Dark Leopard dies for love 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The setting sun was dyed like blood as the clouds on the west resembled burning flames.

Under the setting sun, the footless bird started slowly dropping down after having flown for the majority of the day.

It had made a series of extreme diving and rising actions, while suffering from the explosion of the human torch; its body was filled with cracks and could no longer continue to fly.

Bam!

Under Fang Yuan’s meticulous control, the footless bird finally fell into a forest.

Smoke and dust flew everywhere and groups of beast escaped in a panic.

“Where is this?” Bai Ning Bing jumped off from the bird and surveyed her surroundings.

The trees were short and thick, but had a lot of lush leaves, unlike the sparse amount in the bone trees of Bai Gu mountain. The trees in this forest were like a canopy blocking the sunlight; and the leaves were all purple – light purple, dark purple, reddish purple, violet…

The evening wind blew over, if one looked into the distance, all they would see was a sea of purple.

“A purple forest… we have been moving north all along and according to our course, this should be near Zi You mountain.” Fang Yuan guessed.

His countenance was covered with worry: “Zi You mountain is safe in daytime, but is extremely dangerous in night. It is getting dark, we need to quickly leave and find a safe place to stay.”

“Okay.” Bai Ning Bing nodded.

After over two hours, they found a cave luckily.

The cave’s original owner had been a Pouched Bear.

This species of bear possessed a natural marsupial pouch on their stomach, just like kangaroo.

Dry wood burnt with crackling sounds, the bonfire quietly blazed; the meat stew in the iron pot over the rack was already boiling, giving off a dense aroma.

The fat, tender bear paws were already roasted. Besides these, there were also many delicacies, from Bai clan, stored in tusita flower.

The two quickly began devouring the food, and their strained mood began to relax.

Bai Ning Bing suddenly laughed, her dark blue eyes looking at Fang Yuan: “Look, this is retribution. You burned that pair of brother and sister to death, and now, you yourself are burned to this state.”

The light of the fire shone upon Fang Yuan’s face, the severe wounds on his face made him look horrifying and ugly. If a timid girl saw his appearance, they would probably scream in fear right then and there.

Fang Yuan, however, laughed, not minding the comment, he was even inwardly happy.

“Fortunately, we have meat bone Gu, it won’t be difficult to recover your original appearance. You just need to cut off the burned skin and flesh, then we can use the meat bone Gu to grow them anew. But, you are only a rank one and can’t use the meat bone Gu. Come, beg me, maybe my kind and magnanimous heart will feel pity for you, and heal you.” Bai Ning Bing wouldn’t let go of any chance to snide at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan made a motion of raising his eyebrows, despite his eyebrows already being burnt off.

“Why would I want to heal it? Isn’t this situation quite good?” He laughed, “We killed off the two young masters of Bai clan and also played the Bai Clan leader and the elder, do you think they will let us go? This injury saves me the effort to change my appearance.”

Earth hearing ear grass was destroyed; Fang Yuan’s right ear was shattered. The injuries to cartilage in his ear wasn’t something the meat bone Gu could heal. But even if he could heal it, he would rather have one ear less to change his appearance.

In past, there was a demonic figure, Bai Shan Zi, who was captured and put into a prison. He feigned becoming mad; smearing his own stool onto his body, even cutting off his fifth limb and became a eunuch. His enemies finally believed he had gone crazy and thus loosened their vigilance, giving him a chance to flee. Later on, he returned to take revenge and massacred the whole family of his enemies, including the old and the young.

There was a great figure of the righteous path, Empress Wu Ji. When she was young, her own elder sister had seized her rights to the throne; she could only hide this grievance inside her. Her elder sister was jealous of her beauty and thus, to avoid letting her make things difficult, Empress Wu Ji cut off the bridge of her nose, disfiguring herself, but gained the space to survive and grow. After over ten years, she overthrew her elder sister’s regime and reestablished her authority. She then ordered her elder sister’s five sensory organs to be cut off, making her live in a state where she couldn’t choose to live or die.

Throughout the history, all the great figures were good at biding their time and not being attached to fleshly appearance.

No matter if it were the righteous path or the demonic, regardless of men or women, they were all like this.

After Empress Wu Ji took the control, she didn’t heal her nose even though she had the healing means, keeping this as a warning to herself. The Wu clan became the top clan of the Southern Border, suppressing Tie clan, Shang Clan, Fei Clan; its dominance couldn’t be challenged!

Those who indulged in fleshly appearance were mostly superficial and it would be difficult for them to succeed.

Regardless of whether it was this world or Earth, both attested to this point.

King You of Zhou, just for a smile from his beloved concubine Bao Si, lighted the warning beacons to trick the vassal states; what was the outcome? People lost their trust in him and he was killed by the barbarians.

Lü Bu for Diaochan; King Wu for Xishi; Xiang Yu the conqueror took Consort Yu when he went on military campaigns; hahaha, what was the outcome of these people?

By contrast, Cao Cao was short; Sun Bin was handicapped; Sima Qian was castrated…

Everyone loves beauty. However, achievements were not in the least relevant to fleshly beauty, only a temperament which could firmly let go was the foundation to a great success.

“Actually, it is you who is too dazzling, with your blue eyes and silver hair, you should change it.” Fang Yuan said as he looked all over Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted and didn’t reply.

Fang Yuan continued: “The footless bird was damaged, but we have only flown over few thousands of miles. Although we are quite far away from Bai clan, they will definitely come to capture us for the things we have done. We are in a dangerous situation, if they spread wanted posters, our days will become even more difficult.”

Bai Ning Bing considered the idea with a frown, before agreeing: “Alright, I am also tired of this outfit, changing into a new appearance might be a brilliant experience.”

Next, the two started to calculate their losses and gains.

There were losses; earth hearing ear grass, chainsaw golden centipede, carapace Gu, iron thistles, stealth scales Gu, footless bird, were all destroyed in the pursuit.

However, to Fang Yuan, being alive was the most important.

Only by being alive could there be possibilities and hope.

This was the foundation to everything.

To continue living, even if he had to give up Spring Autumn Cicada, so what?

In a word, being able to let go was the character of a great man!

As for gains?

There were large numbers of bone spear Gu and spiral bone spear Gu in Fang Yuan’s aperture. They had also obtained rank three flying bone shield, jade bone Gu, iron bone Gu, the healing type meat bone Gu and several bone books recording all kinds of recipes.

Besides these, they had also gained clearing heat Gu from the Bai clan.

Of course, the most significant was still the bone flesh unity Gu which they had successfully refined at such a dangerous moment.

Compared to the gains, their losses weren’t that serious!

This was a complete inheritance, after all. The flower wine monk might be a rank five expert, a cut above the rank four Grey Bone Scholar, but Fang Yuan’s gains from the flower wine inheritance loses out to this Bai Gu inheritance.

The reason was Bai Gu inheritance had been carefully planned out for a long time by Grey Bone Scholar, whereas flower wine inheritance was completed in haste and hurry.

In fact, Fang Yuan only walked through the main path of the Bai Gu inheritance, there were many other side branches, and moreover, there were many steel teeth locks that weren’t knocked open in the Flesh Sac Secret Chamber. These things would all serve the Bai clan.

They controlled this place, and so long as they spent some time and energy, they could definitely devour the whole inheritance.

“But it doesn’t matter, I have taken all the Gu worms in my list. As long as this bone flesh unity Gu displays its effects, it will far surpass the others. It is just that the earth hearing ear grass has been destroyed which is a bit troublesome.”

Fang Yuan’s philosophy was only those things that are practical can be valuable.

They had lost the chainsaw golden centipede, but the spiral bone spear Gu could qualify to replace it. Iron thistles and carapace Gu were gone, but they still had canopy gu and flying bone shield. However, with the loss of earth hearing ear grass, they now had a hole in the investigative aspect.

They had lacked in the healing and movement aspects before, but now these two aspects were more or less filled, whereas a gap appeared in the investigative aspect.

In life, things often do not go your way.

The night time in the Zi You mountain was much livelier than daytime. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing took turns to keep watch; both didn’t get proper sleep.

Occasionally, roars and sounds of battles of the wild beasts came from outside the cave.

Especially at the crack of dawn, an intense battle occurred near the cave, waking up the soundly sleeping Fang Yuan.

This was a fight between two thousand beasts kings!

Two winged black feather python had provoked a dark leopard.

The two exchanged killing moves back and forth, their movements were very noisy, and their momentum, astonishing.

Dark leopard was a ferocious beast specific to the Zi You mountain. They had purple spots on their skin, their bodies were powerful and they were extremely fast; they would often leave behind ethereal afterimages when they moved through the forest. Their movements were quiet and their prey usually ended up in their stomachs without even being able to react.

Fang and Bai were on the edge, they could even say they were trapped in the cave, unable to escape.

As time passed, the dark leopard gradually became outmatched, getting into a corner.

This was a pregnant female leopard.

Dark leopard always came in male and female pairs. The female leopard had been pregnant, and the male leopard had gone out to hunt. Who would have thought the black feathered python would attack during this gap.

In the end, the female leopard died by black feathered python’s constriction.

However, before the black feathered python could escape, the returning male leopard saw it, then after another life and death battle, the male leopard killed the killer, but it was welcomed by the female leopard’s cold corpse.

Dawn came.

The first rays of light shone upon the dark leopard’s beautiful fur.

However, the female leopard was no more.

The male leopard paced back and forth around the female leopard’s side and let out a mournful whimper. They were so near, yet so far, separated by life and death.

“Why is it not leaving?” Bai Ning Bing grumbled.

“Relax, the male and the female dark leopards are of one heart, if one dies, the other will not continue to live alone.” Fang Yuan sighed, “I will go back to sleep.”

He returned to the depths of the cave to sleep again while Bai Ning Bing remained behind at the cave entrance to keep watch.

The male leopard paced back and forth before lying down; it stuck out its tongue and started licking the female leopard’s wounds.

The wounds on the female leopard had turned pitch black due to the black feather python’s poison.

The male leopard lived all its life here, it could distinguish this poison with only a sniff. However, it no longer cared now.

In the end, its resplendent eyes started dimming and slowly closed.

By the time it was noon, it had passed away. It was quietly lying together with the female leopard, their beautiful fur made them look like delicate artworks.

Having personally seen this whole course of events, Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help letting out a deep sigh.

Not long after, Fang Yuan woke up and walked out full of vigor, he saw Bai Ning Bing resting against the cave wall, staring blankly at the corpses of the two dark leopards.

“How is the harvest?” Fang Yuan asked.

Bai Ning Bing shrugged and spoke with a waning interest: “The Gu worms that could fly have all flown away, I don’t have any means to capture Gu. Besides, didn’t you also see last night’s battle? Those Gu worms died or are injured, the remaining aren’t something we need. Haha, if it were not for that, why would someone like you go back to sleep?”

Fang Yuan laughed: “Although they are two thousand beasts kings, the Gu worms on them aren’t anything great. But that doesn’t necessarily mean there are no harvests, hehe.”

Saying so, Fang Yuan walked towards the dark leopards’ corpses.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 229: Resting and recovering at the hamlet 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help but become curious when she saw Fang Yuan walking towards the dark leopard’s corpses.

She saw him squatting down and feeling around the ears of the dark leopards.

After a while, Fang Yuan took out two exquisite purple leaves from the male leopard’s left ear and the female leopard’s right ear.

This was Breath Concealment Gu.

Rank three grass Gu; Gu Masters could use it to conceal their aura and cultivation level. To some degree, it was a camouflage ability.

Almost all the dark leopards had a Breath Concealment Gu in the ears. However, the dark leopards moved in pairs and were at least of thousand beasts king level. They were experts in sneak attacks, and were extremely agile; capturing them was a very troublesome and dangerous endeavor.

Moreover, the dark leopards were specific to Zi You mountain. Thus, the knowledge of there being Breath Concealment Gu in dark leopard’s ears wasn’t widely known yet.

In Fang Yuan’s hundred and fiftieth year in his previous life, there emerged a righteous path figure nicknamed ‘Hunting King’, Sun Gan. He was the first to wantonly hunt the dark leopards for their Breath Concealment Gu, and made a fortune by selling them to the market.

After him, countless Gu Masters rushed to Zi You mountain to make a fortune. Like this, in only few years, the dark leopards were all annihilated.

Right now however, the Zi You mountain was still a secluded area.

In this place, daytime was safe whereas the night time was extremely dangerous. There were no clans here, but there was an embryonic form of a clan — a hamlet.

Fang Yuan didn’t have the earth hearing ear grass to scout, but fortunately they obtained two Breath Concealment Gu.

Fang and Bai relied on this Gu to avoid many dangers.

They were not going to go up the Zi You mountain; their current strength was enough to move across the ordinary forests, but not enough to go deep into the famous mountains and great rivers. Even Bai Clan would have to pay a great price to explore these areas, let alone the current Fang and Bai.

They went around the Zi You mountain and moved forward, and after two days, they discovered a mountain path.

It was a man-made path, and was much safer than the forests. Of course, if one’s luck was bad, they might come across dangerous situations.

Fang and Bai moved along the mountain path, until one evening, they saw a thin curl of smoke.

The two glanced at each other before hastening their steps. They saw a hamlet lying in a mountain basin.

The hamlet was surrounded by short stone walls, with guards standing on several points. It was evening now and the farmers were returning in groups, walking to the hamlet with hoes and other farm tools on them.

However, these were all mortals and were nothing to worry about.

“Let’s go.” Fang Yuan walked towards the hamlet.

“Just like this?” Bai Ning Bing was somewhat surprised.

Their appearance quickly attracted the curiosity and suspicious glances of the villagers.

Most of the villages in this world weren’t too welcoming to foreigners. The clan villagers were even more so; they would set up tight defense around the whole village, for fear that spies and robbers would infiltrate the village.

“May I ask the two distinguished guests if you are respected lord Gu Masters?” Before Fang and Bai even reached the entrance, two guards who looked alike approached them.

Bai Ning Bing didn’t speak, according to their original agreement, Fang Yuan would take charge of all the communications.

Fang Yuan shook his head: “Hello brothers, we are both mortals.”

The two guards seemed to heave a sigh of relief when they heard this, their faces clearly loosening up.

The younger juvenile guard disdainfully sized up Fang Yuan’s body, before speaking with some disgust: “I’ll say, how could such a ugly person possibly be one of those lord Gu Masters who possess divine powers?”

Fang Yuan’s whole body was burned and he had one ear less; such an ugly appearance birthed revulsion in people.

Bai Ning Bing also changed her normal attire, she cut off her long silver hair short and also dyed it black. Her body that was white as snow due to ice muscles, was now blackened. Only the color of her eyes couldn’t be covered, thus she wore a straw hat and covered half her face.

As the two stood together, they remarkably looked like mortal villagers.

“Little brother, watch what you say.” The senior guard reprimanded the junior guard, then vigilantly looked at Fang and Bai, “Where are you from and what are you doing here?”

“We are from a hamlet across the mountain. We were taking a handcart filled with herbs and salted meat, thinking to sell them, but sigh, we bumped into a tiger on our way. Whoa, that really scared me to death. We ran crazily all the way and only then could we save ourselves. Sigh… we don’t dare to go back for the moment, so we came to your hamlet and hope to spend the night here. We will immediately leave tomorrow.” Fang Yuan spoke off the top of his head.

The vigilance in the guard’s gaze lessened.

Fang Yuan said: “Brother, no need to scold your little brother. I got this injuries from a fire; that day, our house was on fire, and while trying to salvage the rice, I was burned to this state.”

“Sigh, everyone is suffering nowadays.” The senior guard heaved a sigh, “You can enter the hamlet, and if you don’t find anyone willing to offer you shelter, you need to make do by spending the night in the corner of the walls.”

After finishing saying the instructions, the guards opened the way.

After Fang and Bai entered the hamlet, the senior guard instructed his brother: “Go tell the village head, that two outsiders are here, he as an elder has rich experience, ask him to keep a lookout.”

“Brother, you are too cautious. How could these two be Gu Masters? Besides, why would Gu Masters try to deceive us mortals? To have fun?”

“If I tell you to go, then just go!”

“Making me run errands again…” The young guard grumbled but still left in the end.

The scene inside the hamlet was peaceful.

The air was filled with the aroma of food. After a day of hard work, families gathered around the dinner table and talked happily.

Bai Ning Bing involuntarily felt relaxed in such an environment.

The reason for her disguise was because they didn’t want to leave behind any traces which could make it convenient for the Bai Clan to track them. Another reason was because of Fang Yuan’s cautious nature; by hiding themselves in an unfamiliar environment, they could react to any abnormalities.

It was easy to find a house to take shelter in, just give the villagers a primeval stone fragment and they would be more than happy to vacate a house.

However, doing this would not be in accordance with their current identities.

Fang Yuan had a better method.

He walked around the hamlet, before stopping in front of a worn out house.

There was only an elderly woman in this household. She had a grandson but he was killed by a wolf when out playing.

The old lady was drawing water from a well in front of her house; the action seemed to take a lot out of her.

“Auntie, let me help you.” Fang Yuan put on a silly grin and eagerly ran towards the old lady.

The old lady was shocked when she saw Fang Yuan’s appearance.

However, Fang Yuan acted passionately with a silly grin on his face, and after quickly pulling up several buckets of water, the old lady’s vigilance disappeared.

“Young man, you are an outsider?” The old lady smiled open her mouth which had a few missing teeth.

“Yes, we were hoping to stay over for the night in your house. Auntie, I can do your work, may we?” Fang Yuan foolishly said.

“Okay.” The old lady happily agreed. Although the villagers would help each other financially in normal times, she still needed labor force like this.

Bai Ning Bing watched this scene speechlessly.

This Fang Yuan could really act!

After fetching the water, it was chopping the firewoods. Fang Yuan also cooked the meal, the old lady repeatedly praised him for his swift and skilled movements.

“Auntie, let me help you fetch some more water. We will talk after I fill the water vat.” After the dinner, Fang Yuan again went to fetch water on his own accord.

The old lady kept on saying no need, but Fang Yuan insisted on doing so.

After the water vat was filled, the old lady talked with tears in her eyes: “Young man, you are really… Sigh, such a bitter life like this old lady…”

Evidently, Fang Yuan had fabricated a miserable tale during the dinner, which left a deep impression on the simple old lady.

Lanterns were a luxury to ordinary people, thus the house was dark in the night.

The only light came through the window from the moon..

The house had two simple and crude beds. Bai Ning Bing was lying on the floor but was very satisfied. The exhaustion accumulated from days of walking was now slowly dissipating.

Fang Yuan laid cross legged on the bed, his mind was in his aperture, observing the bone flesh unity Gu.

He had not used this pair of Gu even once since he got it.

After all, he had refined it after tempering the recipe. And with Fang Yuan’s cautious nature, he naturally needed to properly study it before using it.

Suddenly, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, a bright light flashed past them.

“There isn’t any problem, bone flesh unity Gu can be used.” After saying so, he summoned the pair of jade bracelet shaped Gu.

This two jade bracelets; one was green as grass whereas the other was red as blood. They were both tied together and couldn’t be separated.

Fang Yuan had already refined them before. However, to bring out their magical effects, he needed to give up one of them and let Bai Ning Bing refine it.

Bai Ning Bing was sitting in a cross-legged position as she received the Gu, but he wasn’t in a hurry to refine it and instead looked at Fang Yuan: “What do you plan on doing next?”

Fang Yuan chuckled: “And here I was thinking you wouldn’t ask.”

Despite it being dark, Bai Ning Bing could sense Fang Yuan smiling at this moment.

She just snorted and didn’t speak.

Fang Yuan didn’t plan to conceal his plans from her: “Our next destination is Shang Liang mountain.”

“Shang Liang mountain, Shang clan?” Bai Ning Bing’s brows slightly furrowed.

Shang clan was one of the top forces of the Southern Border, not weaker to Tie clan and Fei clan. Only the Wu Clan was above it.

Shang clan was famed for their businesses in Southern Border, and even the people outside the Southern Border – as long as they had some experience – knew that the Shang Clan of the Southern Border was the center for businesses and trading. Shang clan city was so flourishing that there were opportunities for primeval stones everywhere.

When Bai Ning Bing still had Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, she had looked forward to visiting the Shang clan city. Now however, she was hesitating: “With the crimes we have committed against the Bai clan, we might already be wanted by all the righteous path figures. Wouldn’t we just be heading straight into a trap by going to Shang clan city?”

Fang Yuan smiled: “If there are only two places in the whole Southern Border that could accept us, that Shang clan city would definitely be one of them. Shang Clan might be one of the leaders of the righteous paths, but the Shang Clan city is a place with complete freedom, and also a place where most of the demonic path figures dispose of their goods. If not for that, how could Shang clan be the richest clan in the Southern Border? Even Wu clan is far inferior to them in this aspect.”

Bai Ning Bing pondered for a while when she heard this: “The rumors said that you could buy anything in Shang clan city, is this really true?”

Fang Yuan shook his head: “The things in the rumors are all talking of the low level goods. There are too many things in this world that has a lot of demand but no supply. For example — a certain Yang Gu? Hahaha.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 230: Dual Cultivation 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

In the dark room, Bai Ning Bing let out an annoyed snort.

Fang Yuan changed the subject: “At this stage, Shang clan city is the most suitable place for us.There are many stores there from where we can buy the Gu worms suitable for us. Although the Gu worms we have now are excellent, they don’t match with each other. Only with Gu worms that can complement each other, can we exhibit stronger fighting prowess and even fight higher ranks.”

Bai Ning Bing was in complete agreement.

All excellent Gu Master would have a set of complementing Gu worms.

For instance, when Bai Ning Bing possessed Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique, the Gu worms she had were ice blade Gu, icicle Gu, water shield Gu, blue bird ice coffin Gu, ice muscles Gu, frost demon Gu…

They all belonged to ice and water series, and easily complemented each other when mutually paired and used.

Now however, Fang and Bai only possessed an assortment of Gu worms, if they were to complete a set of complementing Gu worms, their fighting prowess would at least double.

Fortunately, Fang Yuan had stored large numbers of bone spear Gu and spiral bone spear Gu. All these could be sold in Shang Clan City.

Even if there were none of these Gu, Fang Yuan had Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus and could use it to produce primeval stones.

The first objective in going to Shang Clan City was to lay low. The second objective was to purchase and exchange Gu worms. Fang Yuan’s third objective, however, wasn’t convenient to tell to Bai Ning Bing.

This involved rock gambling.

At a dark corner of a certain rock gambling site, there was a rock hiding a legendary rainbow colored Gu!

The Gu worms in Fang Yuan’s possession were as high as rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus which was involved with a rank nine immortal venerable, blood skull Gu which could change one’s aptitude and also bone flesh unity Gu.

Leaving aside the bone flesh unity Gu, Blood skull Gu had already lost its worth because there was almost no blood relative left of Fang Yuan now. Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus might have excellent results, but it didn’t have any advancement prospects since Fang Yuan didn’t have its fusion recipe; the higher his cultivation becomes, the lesser the help it would provide.

Let’s not even talk about Spring Autumn Cicada.

Right now it is still hibernating. If one said to use it, it would be full of danger; but if one does not use it, once it recovered, it would blow up the aperture.

It was a ticking time bomb.

Spring Autumn Cicada, Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, blood skull Gu and bone flesh unity Gu were the most valuable Gu in Fang Yuan’s possession.

In addition, these four all had a common point; they were all involved in assisting with cultivation.

How big of a help they were to Fang Yuan? Big, very big!

However, their use in battles weren’t that obvious.

That Gu in the Shang Clan City was different in that it was a trump card for battle. With it and some other Gu worms to complement it, Fang Yuan could only then be considered to have rebirthed; he would have some confidence in being unrivalled among those at the same rank, recovering some of the bearings of his previous life as one of the big shots of the demonic path.

“It’s a long journey to Shang Clan City, no need to think about this now, you should first refine the bone flesh unity Gu.” Fang Yuan stopped this topic.

Bai Ning Bing felt slightly at ease after knowing Fang Yuan’s plan.

Having been in contact with Fang Yuan for so long, she was becoming more and more aware of how treacherous and crafty Fang Yuan was.

Especially his performance today, such simplicity and honesty even nearly fooled her! Not long ago, she had witnessed how Fang Yuan had refined the bone flesh unity Gu and after connecting all of his behaviour, she was beginning to feel a chill in her heart.

She reminded herself to be careful and learn from the mistake of that miserable Bai Clan leader! If she doesn’t have some vigilance against Fang Yuan, who knows one day she might be sold by Fang Yuan while still counting the money for him?

She shook her head to put her mood in check and began to refine the bone flesh unity Gu.

This pair of Gu had strange shapes with one green and another red. Bai Ning Bing chose the red one and began pouring her primeval essence into it.

This bone flesh unity Gu had already been refined by Fang Yuan at the very beginning. Now, Fang Yuan removed his imprint from the Gu and cooperated with Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing didn’t take a lot of time to refine it.

The moment she finished refining the Gu, there was a change in bone flesh unity Gu.

This pair of linked jade bracelets suddenly completely dissipated in the air. And almost instantly, there appeared circular marks on Fang Yuan’s and Bai Ning Bing’s wrists.

What was different was, the mark that appeared on Fang Yuan’s left wrist was green, whereas it appeared on Bai Ning Bing’s right wrist and was red.

A mysterious connection emerged from both Fang and Bai’s hearts.

This connection allowed Fang Yuan to sense Bai Ning Bing and Bai Ning Bing similarly could sense Fang Yuan, as if their blood and flesh were linked and couldn’t be divided.

This feeling wasn’t good and it made Bai Ning Bing feel nauseous as if she had swallowed a housefly.

Fang Yuan’s brows also tightly furrowed.

This hadn’t been mentioned in the scroll left behind by Grey Bone Scholar.

Fang Yuan thought about it before being relieved: “The gray bone scholar had researched this only in theory and never put it into practice. Not knowing this is very normal…”

This feeling was only a minor detail, the important thing was the next stage.

The two endured the odd feeling and sat cross legged facing each other on the bed, starting their dual cultivation.

They both stretched out their hands, the four palms touching each other.

To be on the safe side, the weaker cultivation Fang Yuan experimented it.

He took out a portion of his green copper primeval essence and cautiously poured it into Bai Ning Bing’s aperture.

The green and red circular marks suddenly let out bright radiance.

The foreign primeval essence – when transferred to Bai Ning Bing’s aperture – immediately changed to Bai Ning Bing’s aura.

“It really worked!” Bai Ning Bing softly exclaimed in delight.

“I clearly transferred ten percent of my green copper primeval essence, but you only received three-fifth of it of it; two-fifth of it was lost in conversion.” Fang Yuan’s observation was even more detailed.

Bai Ning Bing wasn’t surprised though: “What’s hard to understand? Didn’t the scroll say it? This bone flesh unity Gu can be divided into five types of quality depending on how deep the relation between the two refiners is. From low to high, it is divided into: fratricidal, friendly relation, indissoluble relation, familial relation, blood kin relation.”

She analyzed and continued: “If that pair of brother and sister became Gu Masters, and refined the blood flesh unity Gu by themselves, with how deep the relation was between them, I estimate they would obtain the highest quality ‘blood kin relation’.If we had refined it by ourselves, hehe, it would definitely be the worst quality ‘fratricidal’, considering our relation. These two neutralized each other and we have thus obtained the mid-quality ‘indissoluble relation.”

The bone flesh unity Gu referred to a series Gu. Just like how in the boar Gu, there were black boar Gu, white boar Gu, pink boar Gu and so on.

According to what the scroll mentioned, bone flesh unity Gu contained five types of Gu worms.

The worst quality was the fratricidal Gu which converted ten percent primeval essence into one-fifth of it; above it was friendly relation Gu which converted ten percent of primeval essence into two-fifth of it; indissoluble relation Gu could transfer three-fifth; familial relation Gu could transfer four-fifth ; and the top blood kin relation Gu could transfer a hundred percent of the primeval essence without any loss in conversion.

By relying on his previous life’s experience, Fang Yuan had tampered with the recipe at the last moment, obtaining the rank three indissoluble relation Gu which could be considered a pretty good luck.

Researching refinement recipe was not easy. It required continuous deductions and experiments along with many Gu worms.

Fang Yuan was able to succeed with his tampering, one factor was due to the insight from his experience and another factor was luck.

However, he had never liked to rely on luck.

This didn’t mean he was born a jinx or his luck was bad all the time. Fang Yuan’s luck was the same as ordinary people; sometimes good, sometimes bad. Why he didn’t like it was because it was a factor which he couldn’t control.

He was a person who strongly desired being in control; he liked to control the situation, control others and naturally control himself.

“That’s it. Your turn now.” Fang Yuan said.

On the whole, he was satisfied getting the indissoluble Gu.

Bai Ning Bing transferred ten percent of her snow silver primeval essence into Fang Yuan’s aperture.

What happened next was shocking!

Just before, when Fang Yuan transferred his dark green primeval essence into Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, it formed into a green water which was swallowed by the snow silver primeval sea in just a while; her primeval sea increasing by a bit.

Now, when she transferred ten percent primeval essence into Fang Yuan’s aperture, before her primeval essence had yet to land into his primeval sea, his aperture started shaking.

Fang Yuan immediately shouted to stop.

This was not a problem in bone flesh unity Gu, but rather was the problem of his cultivation; he was only at upper stage of rank one Gu Master and had stored hundreds of bone spear Gu, and now that he was receiving the snow silver primeval essence, the whole burden was too much to handle for his aperture.

Bai Ning Bing hesitated, if she continued to transfer the primeval essence now, she might be able to break Fang Yuan’s aperture.

But even if she broke his aperture, Yang Gu could still be destroyed with one thought from Fang Yuan.

She thought for a moment before finally deciding to withdraw her primeval essence.

Originally, ten percent of silver snow primeval essence was transferred to Fang Yuan’s aperture, which should have been converted into three-fifth. Now after Bai Ning Bing withdrew her primeval essence, only about a fifth of the converted primeval essence remained.

What made Bai Ning Bing inwardly sigh was the ability of this bone flesh unity Gu.

Fang Yuan transferred all the bone spear Gu to Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, and then accepted the snow silver primeval essence.

When this portion of snow primeval essence was in Bai Ning Bing’s body, it had her aura. Now that it had been transferred into Fang Yuan’s aperture, it suddenly shrunk and changed to Fang Yuan’s aura.

The converted snow silver primeval essence sank towards the bottom of Fang Yuan’s aperture and his green copper primeval essence could only helplessly float above it.

The two existed peacefully, as if this portion of snow silver primeval essence was birthed by Fang Yuan’s aperture.

If it was foreign primeval essence that came this close in contact, it would immediately explode and cause damage to the aperture.

Hence, the normal primeval essence imparting was like walking on a steel rope; very dangerous and exhausting.

Fang Yuan tried moving this portion of the white silver primeval essence to rush at the aperture walls.

Gu Masters were divided into nine ranks of great realms, each great realms were further divided into four small realms; initial stage, middle stage, upper stage and peak stage.

Initial stage was light membrane aperture walls; the light was thin and flickering.

Middle stage was water membrane aperture walls; the light flowed freely.

Upper stage was stone membrane aperture walls; the light was condensed to solid state.

Peak stage was crystal membrane aperture walls with ethereal and pure radiance.

Fang Yuan was now a rank one upper stage; his aperture walls were of stone membrane.

However, with one wave of impact from the snow silver primeval essence, this stone membrane wall actually started shaking violently!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 231: Addicted to cultivating! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan quickly stopped out of fear.

Although he used the liquor worm before, it was used to refine the primeval essence and raise its quality by one small realm. When had he ever used the snow silver primeval essence which was of a much higher quality?

With no choice, Fang Yuan could only reduce the amount used each time, and also slow the waves crashing into his aperture walls.

“To think there would also be problems when the primeval essence’s quality is too high.” Fang Yuan was slightly aggravated.

In the darkness, Bai Ning Bing heard this and rolled her eyes.

What sort of godsend opportunity was this!

If anyone else knew, they would probably slap him to death out of anger.

This was really a blissful worry.

After four hours, this 6% snow silver primeval essence was finally expended.

His rough stone aperture walls were already showing a glimmer just from this one round of cultivation. It was like a rough jade that had started to give off a lustre worthy of its quality after processing.

“Quick, transfer another 10%.” Fang Yuan urged.

Like this, they cultivated the whole night.

When the rooster crowed in the morning, light had started to shine through the window, and Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

His eyes were shining with unconcealable excitement.

He looked at his palm and clenched his fists: “Rank one peak stage!”

Just a night of cultivation, caused him to rise from rank one upper stage to rank one peak stage.

What divine speed is this!

Ever since Fang Yuan started cultivating, he had never felt so comfortable and carefree, even in his previous life!

Such a feeling was almost addictive.

For example—

When he had C grade aptitude, he cultivated like a snail. Using the liquor worm, he walked. With A grade aptitude and heavenly essence treasure lotus, he sprinted.

But what the heck was this! With this bone flesh unity Gu, it was like he was soaring with two wings!

Even Bai Ning Bing was stunned.

She was smart and quickly realized that this Gu had another greater use.

“This Gu can also help in breaking through a large realm!”

Liquor worm can only raise the cultivation by a small realm, and the Gu Master had to rely on their own primeval essence when breaking through a big realm, thus aptitude was crucial.

But with this bone flesh unity Gu, they could use another person’s primeval essence when breaking through to another realm,.

This was an insane advantage!

“With this Gu, Bai Gu mountain was a complete success, even if I sacrifice the heavenly essence treasure lotus, it would be worth it.”

At this time, the morning light entered the farm house, and Bai Ning Bing sighed loudly: “This world holds so many great geniuses!”

Grey bone scholar was only a rank 4 Gu Master, but he managed to invent the bone flesh unity Gu, he was a true genius!

All Gu Masters with titles had their specialities. In comparison, Fang and Bai were living in obscurity.

…

Under the blazing sun, in the fields.

“Auntie, take a rest, I’ll help you!” Fang Yuan grabbed the hoe from the old lady’s hand.

The old lady could not compete in strength against the young and strong Fang Yuan, she felt happy seeing her hoe snatched away, smiling till her teeth was exposed: “Ah, where can I find such a wonderful lad.”

Since the first dual cultivation, two days had passed.

The original plan was to stay a night and leave, but after using the bone flesh unity Gu, Fang Yuan was enjoying the rapid cultivation speed and decided to change his plans, to leaving only after he reached rank two at least.

After all, there were still two to three years before that rock is discovered, he was in no rush.

Bai Ning Bing had no objections, there was a huge difference between rank one and rank two. Becoming a rank two Gu Master would be a great help to their journey.

Thus, they stayed in the village and didn’t leave.

The old lady also did not chase them away.

The truth was she wanted the two to stay there forever. They worked so diligently, and although one was slightly dumb while the other was ugly, they were honest kids.

Fang and Bai worked in the day, one had the strength of two boars, while the other had the strength of a crocodile; among mortals it was like having divine strength. Farmwork was a breeze, as easy as pie. Furthermore, it was an old lady’s house, what tough work could there be?

Everyday Fang and Bai only slept a little, but were still full of energy.

Such a lifestyle – in comparison to moving in the wilds and living in harsh conditions, while worrying for their safety – was like heaven.

Fang Yuan used all his free time to cultivate, like he was addicted.

With the bone flesh unity Gu, his speed could only be described with a proverb,a thousand miles a day!

He reached rank one peak stage in the first night. And in the past few days, he was steadily building on his foundation, and his aperture walls had already turned crystal clear. At this rate, he would reach rank two in a few days.

As the number of times they cultivated increased, the bone flesh unity Gu’s status rose in Fang Yuan’s heart, surpassing the blood skull Gu and heavenly essence treasure lotus, only lower than the spring autumn cicada.

There was no need to even mention Liquor worm which could only raise one small realm, it was nothing compared to the bone flesh unity Gu.

As for blood skull Gu, it required too much investment and time. Although the heavenly essence treasure lotus was good, it could only provide help to Gu Masters who were alone.

As for this bone flesh unity Gu, according to Bai Ning Bing’s phrase, it was a Gu that could change even the very structure of society.

This was no exaggeration and was deeply acknowledged by Fang Yuan.

Bone flesh unity Gu was a low rank Gu, even rank one or two Gu Masters could use it. Although it had many refinement requirements, the standards were really not high, and a clan with enough resources could easy refine this Gu.

This Gu was useless to a loner, but to clans or sects, this was a divine weapon!

Using this shortcut, clan elders could nurture the juniors, reducing the time and funds required to raise a Gu Master, by many folds.

With this bone flesh unity Gu, it was no longer nurturing Gu Masters, but creating Gu Masters in batches.

It was a difference between heaven and earth.

Because of this Gu, Fang Yuan even had a change of thought the night before, getting the urge to change his plans of fighting alone to establishing a force of his own.

On that topic, an organised force was just a tool to be used.

Fang Yuan had created the bloodwing demonic sect in his previous life, and if he wanted to establish an organization in this life, it would be a lot easier because he had already experienced it.

But to establish an organisation, the most important thing was — occupying territory filled with resources. And under layers of control, gather people and use their strength to cultivate together.

Gu Master cultivation was like swimming upstream, it was a journey of accumulation and naturally required resources.

Thus to rank five Gu Masters and below, having an organisation’s help would aid in their cultivation. However, once they reached rank six and experienced a qualitative change, turning from mortal to immortal, with the might of heaven and earth gathered in them, an organisation became useless to them.

Knowing this, it was easy to understand Fang Yuan’s plans.

In his previous life, Fang Yuan established the bloodwing demonic sect to gather resources. In this life, with his knowledge of many inheritance and secrets, he could simply devour these resources and rise to rank six much more quickly. Why would he need to waste time and effort to create a force of his own?

But now that he possessed the bone flesh unity Gu, it would be much quicker than he previously assumed if he created an organization. There would be less investments, but greater rewards, creating Gu Masters in batches and quickly form a large strength.

But after Fang Yuan thought about it until morning, he dispelled his notion of creating a force.

If he really relied on the bone flesh unity Gu to create an organisation, it would be courting death.

Such a divine weapon would definitely attract the greed of all the large forces, if revealed.

Not to say that he was starting from scratch, even a clan leader with some foundation would not dare to use the bone flesh unity Gu so openly.

It truly attracted the jealousy of others!

Even Wu clan, the number one clan in the southern borders, would not dare to use it alone.

Fang Yuan estimated there needed to be an alliance of at least Wu clan, Fei clan, Tie clan and Shang clan to guard against the greed of all the Gu Masters over the world, if they were to use bone flesh unity Gu in large scale.

“If I want to create a force, even if it starts to look bright, I will get exterminated from all sides. By then, even if I escape, the foundation that I created would be lost. At the end, I would even become a complete loser, pursued by everyone.”

Fang Yuan had completely calmed down, knowing that this was a dead path, thus he affirmed his will of fighting alone in a large scale battle.

“But to be honest, Bai Sheng and Bai Hua were quite intelligent. In their previous life, although they used the bone flesh unity Gu and became the righteous twin stars, they did not use this power to grow their clan’s force. With their intentional misleading, although the bone flesh unity gGu’s reputation was established, people greatly underestimated its ability.”

Fang Yuan recalled, and sensed the wisdom in these two twin stars. Being able to come to Bai Gu mountain this time and killing the siblings prematurely, could be considered a great accomplishment.

But Fang Yuan thought again: “This bone flesh unity Gu can only be used by two people. Bai Hua and Bai Sheng must’ve used the refinement method on the scroll. Without my unique alteration, the difficulty in defining the bone flesh unity Gu is greatly increased. It is possible that they did not even think of this prospect…”

After thinking for so much, Fang Yuan’s head was starting to hurt.

He plowed the fields under the intense sun as he shook his head, collecting his dispersed thoughts.

After all, these things were not important and it was useless to think about it.

“Unfortunately, I do not have Gu worms that aid in thinking like creative thinking Gu, intelligent heart Gu, tactful Gu and lightning thoughts Gu. Even at the very least, the bookworm would suffice. It seems I can only purchase them when I get to Shang clan city.”

The old lady’s field was small, Fang Yuan quickly plowed half of it, when Bai Ning Bing felt interest and started to help on her own accord.

She had seen farmers plowing fields on Qing Mao mountain, but back then she was still muddle-headed, and now that she was in this state, she wanted to experience the wonders in it.

Only when the night approached, did they start eating in front of the old lady’s house.

You must be hungry, there are still sweet potatoes in the pot, it will definitely fill you up!” The old lady grinned as she scooped two bowls of rice.

This rice was not the superior rice from the rice bag grass, but rough grains.

However, the two were not picky eaters anyway.

“Eat slowly, I have good news to share with you two.” On the table, the old lady smiled mysteriously.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 232: Intense pain of changing bone 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Auntie, what good news do you have?” Fang Yuan immediately asked with a foolish grin.

As he was asking, an old man walked in from outside.

Bai Ning Bing secretly glanced at the old man; this old man was a Gu Master!

However, he only possessed rank one initial stage cultivation and was very old, there was nothing to worry.

“Young man, this is our village head.” The old lady introduced the man.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing hurriedly stood up.

Fang Yuan scratched his head appearing to be uneasy: “Honorable village head, I am…”

He hadn’t even introduced himself when the village head waved his hand with a smile: “I know, you two are outsiders.”

Gu masters could sense the aura of other Gu Masters. However, Fang and Bai had the breath concealment Gu in their ears; their Gu Master aura were concealed, and the village head couldn’t detect it.

The old village head had obtained the report on these two strangers few days ago. But he didn’t take it to heart.

These days, besides Fang and Bai, there were many new people who had come to the village and lodged.

“If you want to come, just come, why is there a need to bring in gifts?” The old lady grumbled.

The old village head hadn’t come empty-handed, he was holding a string of tied fishes.

“I caught the fish this morning from the pool. Your teeth aren’t in a good condition, drink some fish soup to recover your health.” The old village head smiled.

The old lady gave him a supercilious look before accepting the fish: “I will go cook the fish soup.”

One could sense the happiness in her voice.

Bai Ning Bing couldn’t sense anything from how the two elderly behaved and spoke to each other. Fang Yuan’s gaze, however, flashed, realizing this old man and the old lady might probably have fallen in love at this old age.

“Auntie, let me do it.” Fang Yuan immediately said.

“You guys just sit and chat. There is good news!” The old lady quickly waved her hand, indicating Fang and Bai to sit, “I have told your story to the villagers, the village head is a Gu Master, he can help you guys.”

“Gu Master!” Fang Yuan’s eyes immediately opened as wide as saucers, he appeared stunned and stumped as he stood there.

Bai Ning Bing almost couldn’t help rolling her eyes at Fang Yuan’s expression. She also did her best to show a shocked expression, but her performance was clearly far behind Fang Yuan’s, and she knew this clearly.

The old village head laughed loudly at Fang Yuan’s expression, he immediately felt this ugly and silly guy was somewhat adorable. Compared to Bai Ning Bing who only looked somewhat stunned, the old village head liked Fang Yuan more.

“Come and sit down, you two youngsters, don’t be reserved.” He waved and sat down first.

Fang Yuan acted bashful before he sat down while puffing hard, he appeared nervous. Bai Ning Bing also followed his expression from behind, but it looked somewhat unnatural.

The old village head, however, didn’t suspect anything: “I heard you guys had gone to sell herbs and salted meat, but unfortunately came across a wild beast. Your auntie told everything to me, you have helped her a lot these days. I have some purple maple leaves here. In a few days, a caravan will be coming here. You can sell these purple maple leaves and recover your capital.”

When Bai Ning Bing realized this was the good news the old lady was talking about, she immediately lost her interest.

“Thi..thi..this…” Fang Yuan stuttered with happiness, tears flowed out from his eyes as he choked with emotion, “Honored sir, you are really a good person, a great person!”

The old village head patted the shoulder of this devil and tried to sympathize: “No need to say that. Any person has their ups and downs in life. But I can’t just give these purple maple leaves to you, otherwise the villagers will say something about it. How about this, go help plow the fields in the eastern end of the village, you just need to do it for seven days until the caravan arrives.”

He was actually really grateful to Fang and Bai.

He had been a mortal who was born and raised in this village, he and the old lady had been childhood sweethearts. But the affairs of the world was fickle, the old lady was married off to someone else. During one time when a caravan had come by, a Gu Master noticed his intelligence and gave him some help, turning him into a Gu Master.

Because of this, he became the village head. Although he still had feelings for the old lady, both of them had families and children and it would leave a bad impression if he stayed overly in touch with her. Although he is the village head, he couldn’t brazenly assist her.

He had actually been secretly observing Fang and Bai, and felt their nature wasn’t bad; they were hardworking and were honest kids, just that their luck was a bit bad.

Hence, when the old lady told their story to him, he immediately agreed to help.

 …

“You agreed to the village head during the dinner. Are you really thinking of plowing the fields for seven days for a cart of that purple whatever leaves?” In the house at night, Bai Ning Bing puzzledly asked.

“Purple maple leaves is of course not my true objective. Didn’t you hear during the meal? A caravan will be passing through this place.” Fang Yuan replied.

“So what? Didn’t you mention that caravans pass through Zi You mountain all year round?”

“The caravans pass through once a year sometimes, and sometimes, once per half a year. What I had not expected was that a caravan would be coming in just a few days. I made some indirect inquiries and found that this caravan is travelling from east to west. Even if it doesn’t go to Shang clan city, it will at least travel along our destination.”

Bai Ning Bing suddenly understood: “You want to join the caravan and borrow their strength to reach Shang clan city?”

She pondered over it for a while, increasingly feeling this was a great method.

First of all, earth hearing ear grass was destroyed; they lacked investigative Gu which meant it would be quite troublesome if they were to travel by themselves.

Secondly, they had committed crimes, the Bai clan was definitely chasing after them without rest. Joining the caravan was a great way to cover up their tracks.

Finally, they had breath concealment gu and were able to disguise as mortals. The caravans would definitely take precautions against foreign Gu Masters, but definitely wouldn’t have much vigilance against mortals.

Even if they were to be discovered, there wouldn’t be any problems; when that times comes, with a rank three and a rank two cultivations, they could still make an escape.

The heads of the caravans normally possessed rank three cultivation. Those that were rank four like Jia Fu were quite rare.

“But even if we disguise as mortals, could we just casually enter the caravan?” Bai Ning Bing thought about it, but still had this worry.

Fang Yuan chuckled: “Of course, we won’t be able to just casually join a caravan, we would need a guarantor even as mortals. But I reckon the old village head can resolve this problem for us.”

Only then did Bai Ning Bing felt relieved and let go of her worry.

“I was worried for nothing. Indeed, with this guy’s craftiness, how could he not have thought of this loophole?” She thought.

“Alright. I will be able to break through to rank two initial stage after seven days. And I think it is time to use the iron bone Gu and jade bone Gu.”

Bai Ning Bing’s mouth twitched before saying lightly: “I already told you before to use them, but you didn’t agree and just nurtured them vainly for so many days, wasting so much spring milk.”

Fang Yuan heaved a deep sigh: “Youngster, you are ignorant and thus fearless of how much pain is involved in this. Tonight, we won’t do dual cultivation, I need to properly rest my mind before I use the iron bone Gu tomorrow night.”

Next day, Fang and Bai went to work the fields in the eastern end of the village like their agreement.

Fang Yuan intentionally worked from morning till sunset. HIs body contained enormous strength, this bit of work wasn’t even worthy to be mentioned, but he could already hear other farmers taking notice of him and even looking up to him.

At night, he sat cross legged on the bed and concentrated on transferring primeval essence into the iron bone Gu within his aperture.

This Gu was like a bone, with rounded and smooth ends, and slender mid-area. The whole bone was jet-black as if it was made from iron.

This Gu was a rank three Gu and it required instant consumption of great amounts of primeval essence to be activated.

Fang Yuan was just a rank one Gu Master and shouldn’t have been able to use it. But after Bai Ning Bing transferred a lot of his snow silver primeval essence,he was barely qualified to activate it.

The transferred snow silver primeval essence was almost completely used up in transferring to the iron bone Gu. This gu first let out dark radiance before immediately melting down into iron liquid; it flew out from the aperture and merged with Fang Yuan’s skeleton.

Pain!

An intense and inconceivable pain!

Fang Yuan felt like his heart was branded by a scalding hot branding iron, anywhere the iron liquid passed through in the bones felt like it was being roasted in burning coals.

This kind of pain penetrated even the soul; Fang Yuan’s face distorted under this pain.

Immediately following, drops of sweat began to fall from Fang Yuan’s forehead, and in the next moment, his whole body was drenched with sweat.

After a long while, Fang Yuan couldn’t endure the pain any longer and let out a groan.

Bai Ning Bing’s expression changed.

Because of the darkness, she hadn’t been able to clearly see Fang Yuan’s earlier expression and situation, but from this oppressed groan, she judged this pain was no small matter!

She knew what insane willpower Fang Yuan had; he hadn’t let out a word even when his whole body was covered with flames.

But after using the iron bone Gu, he let out such a sound; from this, one could tell how intense the pain was.

Among the Gu Master’s cultivation three big aspects of nurture, use and refine; in regards to ‘use’, some Gu were extremely peculiar. Iron bone Gu was one of those, giving extremely intense pain when used. Unfortunately, one needed to endure this pain, and if in case they lost consciousness in the middle, all their efforts would be wasted.

Historically, many famous Gu Masters had died from pain of using Gu like the iron bone Gu.

Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and persevered, the unbearable pain continued to flood in; he involuntarily let out several groan like snorts from his nose.

In the end, his whole body was almost paralyzed from the pain, he couldn’t even exert any more strength in his jaws.

When all of his bones were dyed a layer of black by the molten iron, he finally relaxed, and almost instantly, a burst of dizziness attacked him; his eyes blacked out and he started losing consciousness.

However, he forcibly persevered, and after taking few deep breaths, he slowly laid down.

“Is it over?” Bai Ning Bing’s voice came from the darkness.

“Naturally.” Fang Yuan sucked in cold air, his voice was hoarse but stable, “Go to sleep, we still need to work tomorrow.”

“Ok.” Bai Ning Bing felt greatly disappointed when she realized Fang Yuan was still able to be clear-headed. If he had fainted, she might have had a chance to get hold of the Yang Gu.

“No, that isn’t right. Yang Gu is inside Fang Yuan’s aperture, how can I take it out without any special means?” Thinking of this, she let go her dark thoughts.

The next day, Fang Yuan didn’t go to work, instead staying in bed.

The intense pain was still lingering around and tormenting him. If he made even a slight movement, the violent pain that emerged felt like a chainsaw was sawing at his nerves!

The pain was temporarily dominating him and putting him into an extremely weak state. Let alone farm work, he was not able to even leave the bed and walk.

At this instance, Bai Ning Bing realized that Fang Yuan had forcibly kept up a facade last night.

Resultantly, she went to the farm and did the work alone.

By evening, Fang Yuan was able to make some movements. Bai Ning Bing refused to believe him and used the Jade Bone Gu.

Obviously, she found out the absurd amount of pain Fang Yuan had suffered!

As prideful as she was, she couldn’t help groaning in pain and even grabbing the bed sheets.

However, even though her whole body was trembling and shaking, she was able to persist till the end. An intense dizziness attacked her immediately after her success; she fell down on the bed and instantly lost her consciousness.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On the second day, it was Bai Ning Bing’s turn to lie on the bed, in so much pain that she could not move at all.

Fang Yuan had recovered mostly, going off the plow the fields at the east of the hamlet.

The old lady went into the room, asking in concern.

Bai Ning Bing kept saying she was fine, that she was tired after a day of physical work, and that she only needed to rest for a day.

The old lady gave an understanding smile: “Indeed you were tired , your actions these past two days were slightly loud, I could hear it all.”

“What?” Bai Ning Bing could not understand it.

“Young lady, stop keeping it from me, I could tell a mile away!” The old lady laughed.

Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk, did her identity get exposed, how can that be? At once, a deep killing intent arose in her, but she could not bear to do it.

She could cold-heartedly watch the Bai clan siblings burn to death, but that is because the Bai clan was destined to be their enemies. Although she was proud, she was not merciless like Fang Yuan, towards people who had helped her, she would not be able to act.

The old lady in front of her was such a case, and so was the former Bai clan leader (from Bai Ning Bing’s clan).

The old lady held no suspicions towards Bai Ning Bing, she grabbed her hand and patted: “Young lady, I can tell these few days, how can guys have such a butt and waist like yours! No wonder you wear a straw hat, and do not like talking. Although I am old, I am still a woman, we women have a talent compared to guys, that is we are meticulous.”

“Ah?” Bai Ning Bing did not know what to say.

The old lady was enthusiastic, speaking in an understanding tone: “I understand you, as a women, dressing up like this outside to protect yourself, otherwise accidents might occur.”

Bai Ning Bing was speechless.

She hated people using the word “woman” to trigger her nerves. But towards this enthusiastic and simple old lady, she was very helpless.

The old lady smiled until her eyes were a straight line, suddenly suppressing her voice: “You two must be a couple right. You have been too loud these days, I could even hear you from far away. I don’t want to say this but, those actions, you have to restrain yourselves.”

This was simply a nightmare!

Bai Ning Bing’s expression froze, like she was zapped by lightning.

“Auntie, it is not what you think.” A long while later, she barely squeezed out this sentence, her expression extremely stiff.

” Sigh , why are you so shy, its nothing, you can tell me everything. I’ve lived for so many years, what have I not seen!” The granny winked, laughing until her teeth were showing.

And then her gaze shifted to the bed, subconsciously or not.

Bai Ning Bing followed her gaze, and just wanted to kill herself.

But honestly, the bedsheets were torn by her…

Next, the old lady said a few things to her, but Bai Ning Bing’s brain was in a mess, not listening to a single word.

In the afternoon, when Fang Yuan came back to eat, the old lady blocked him at the door, kindly reminding: “Lad, your wife has told me already. I know youngsters are in heat but you have to take care of your own bodies, and even more concern for your wife. Remember my words okay?”

“Hah?” Fang Yuan opened his mouth wide, not able to react to what he has just heard.

The old lady clicked her tongue, using a dissatisfied and helpless tone: “Everything about you is good, except that you are too simple. Being so honest, you’ll lose out eventually!”

If Gu Yue clan, Tie divine investigator, or Bai Hua and Bai Sheng heard these words, they might jump out of their graves.

Fang Yuan stood on the spot in daze, suddenly light flashed across his eyes, and he finally got it.

“Oh… that, hehe…” He scratched his head sheepishly, nodding: “Auntie, you are right, I get it.”

At the dinner table, he saw Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing looked at him coldly, her body almost emitting cold air.

The corners of Fang Yuan’s eyes had been twitching non stop.

This matter was a reminder to Fang Yuan as well.

Fang Yuan can easily portray any role, that is because he has a rich experience and broad horizon. But Bai Ning Bing was not, because even after disguise, she still has her flaws.

Thankfully, this flaw is small, and in this world, whenever a women travelled, she would definitely dress up as a male, to reduce the potential danger she might encounter.

Even though this misunderstanding was very awkward, Fang Yuan had to admit that this can better conceal their true identities.

Bai Ning Bing’s mood became worse.

That night, she asked Fang Yuan again, when he can return the Yang Gu to her.

Fang Yuan could only answer, that once he reached rank three, he would return it to her.

Bai Ning Bing snorted, she understood Fang Yuan, she would rather die that trust Fang Yuan’s words! But now she could not take the Yang Gu by force yet.

“When I get to Shang clan city, I have to get at least a poison vow Gu, three hand Gu, or even seize Gu would work too…” Thinking so, Bai Ning Bing was even more anxious about getting to Shang clan city.

Other than dual cultivation, Fang Yuan’s cultivation has a new chapter added to it.

That is, using the crocodile strength Gu to increase his strength.

Speaking of which, being able to feed the crocodile strength Gu to this date, was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.

The ones to thank were the Bai clan. It was due to getting large amount of crocodile meat from them that Fang Yuan was able to raise it to now.

Otherwise, it would have starved to death long ago.

Crocodile strength Gu was like black and white boar Gu, they permanently added strength to the Gu Master’s body.

But before rank six, a Gu Master still has a mortal body. Like a bowl, it cannot contain a lake, a Gu Master’s body has its limits eventually.

That is also why Fang Yuan could not use the crocodile strength Gu before. But now, he had obtained the iron bones Gu and jade bones Gu from Bai Gu mountain.

These two Gu were expenditure type Gu. Each had their merits, and their values were about the same, able to permanently improve the Gu Master’s physique.

Choosing which Gu decides the progression route of the Gu Master.

When Gu Masters use Gu, there were much to consider. Some Gu could not be used together, while some complemented each other and produced greater effect when used together.

Bai Ning Bing once used the ice muscles Gu, thus her body was made of ice muscles. Ice muscles stopped perspiration, thus she cannot use a Gu like “blood sweat Gu” in the future.

And if she uses the jade bones Gu, her original mortal bones would become jade bones. Ice muscles and jade bones, it was a superb combination.

Each person has their own needs, ice muscles jade bones might suit Bai Ning Bing, but it does not suit Fang Yuan.

Considering the legendary Gu at Shang clan city, Fang Yuan plans, he wanted to form the most effective ” steel tendon, iron bones .”

Being able to get the iron bones Gu on Bai Gu mountain, it was a perfect scenario for him.

After using the iron bones Gu, Fang Yuan’s bones were tough as iron now. With his body foundation improved, he can now add the strength of one crocodile in addition to the strength of two boars.

His strength continued to rise.

Seven days passed in a flash.

According to their initial agreement, Fang Yuan got a cart of purple maple leaves from the old village head.

These goods were very cheap, the entire cart could not even sell for two primeval stones. But this was not Fang Yuan’s objective, he only wanted to hide his identity and follow and get closer to the caravan.

When the caravan arrived, it was three days later than the old village head expected.

Only on the ninth day did they appear.

The originally peaceful town boomed with life again.

The caravan’s size was huge.

Bus-sized black skin fat beetles carried goods and people as they crawled slowly.

Beside them, colored ostriches dragged the dray. Mountain large spiders wrapped boxes and containers on their bodies, winged snakes meandered, and toads carried large bundles on them.

These stead-type Gu, formed the main body of the caravan. Other than that, there were large numbers of mortals pulling cows, horses, or carrying bamboo bags.

“This year’s caravan is finally here!”

“Everytime I see these snakes, i get a little scared.”

“Lord Gu Masters are really amazing, they can make these ruthless snakes so tame.”

“I hope my cured meat can be sold this time, I don’t expect a high price, I’ll be satisfied with just a few primeval stone fragments.”

“Yeah, our luck is not as good as the outsider…”

“The village head is too biased, that is an entire cart of purple maple leaves, to think he gave them away like that!”

The villagers made many temporary stalls at the village entrance, as Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing dragged a cart of purple maple leaves, mixed among them.

Among these people, some were all locals, others were from other villages, carrying goods with them.

Places with people will have competition for benefits.

Fang and Bai, even though they stay at the village and plowed fields for seven days, their cart of purple maple leaves attracted many jealous gazes into them.

Fang Yuan of course, did not pay them any attention.

He was secretly observing the members of the approaching caravan.

This caravan is a mixed one, with many different clan forces among them gathered together. It was not like the Jia clan caravan, with Jia clan as the main force. This caravan, other than the selected leader, there were also a number of vice leaders, like a alliance army.

This was good news to Fang Yuan.

The more complex the structure of the caravan, the easier it is for him to mix in.

“Hey, how much are you selling this cart of purple maple leaves?” Someone quickly came to ask for prices.

 “Two and a half primeval stones.” Fang Yuan said.

“Two and a half? You might as well go rob!” The person stared with wide opened eyes.

“Buy it or leave!” Bai Ning Bing said at the side.

“Hmph!” The person waved his sleeves and walked off.

If they really sold this cart, what excuse would Fang and Bai use to join the caravan? Thus, they purposely denied three potential buyers and deterred them.

Until evening, they still did not manage to sell the cart of purple maple leaves. Instead, others managed to sell most of their medicine grass, cured meat, milk etc.

After all, the caravan was huge, they needed to replenish these goods.

Many people saw Fang and Bai as a joke, and some even start to mock them. Some kind people reminded them to reduce the price appropriately.

But Fang and Bai paid them all no heed.

Before night time, Fang Yuan pretended to be dejected, dragging this cart of purple maple leaves back to the old village head’s house.

The old village head asked, and sighed: “You two, I told you that two primeval stones were already a high price. We can sell it even for one and a half. Why didn’t you listen to me? Adamantly selling at two and a half!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 234: Arrest Warrant 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“You have to know, there are lots of purple maple leaves on Zi You mountain. Those people buy it because it is more convenient for them, and they can save time from picking them. Sigh, it’s pointless to tell you now. Nevermind, nevermind….”

The old village head continuously sighed.

Fang Yuan bobbed his head: “We just wanted to sell it for more primeval stones, one is to recoup the cost, the other is to take care of our parents. Who would have thought that after so much effort, it could not be sold.”

He sounded anxious, a hint of crying in his speech.

Hearing his words, the old village head’s heart softened, the grudge in his heart dispersing by more than half.

Fang Yuan said again: “No worries lord village head, I have decided to follow the caravan tomorrow. By lowering the price, I’m sure we can sell it eventually.”

“Follow the caravan? Who allowed you to follow the caravan?” The old village head stared with wide opened eyes.

Fang Yuan said as a matter of fact: “I saw many mortals in the caravan. If they can follow, why can we?”

The old village head rested his head on his arm: “Those are the family servants of the lord Gu Masters! You think simply anyone can just follow them? What if people with ill intentions mix in among them?”

“Ah?!” Fang Yuan’s mouth opened wide, stunned on the spot: “Then how? The caravan is leaving tomorrow.”

” Sigh …” The old man sighed deeply: “Nevermind, I’ll help you to the end. Tomorrow I’ll beg them to let you into the caravan, it’ll all be up to your fate.”

The sun had just rose, and there were still a few stars visible in the light blue sky. Looking afar, Zi You mountain is enveloped in a dark purple colour, peaceful and mysterious.

After a night of rest, the caravan had started loading up their goods already.

“Inspect the goods once more!”

“Tie the ropes tightly, if anything drops during the journey, we will punish you with a hundred beatings.”

“Quick, quick, quick, feed our black skin beetles till full.”

Gu Masters ordered and sent their family servants into a busy state. Some had bad temper, holding a whip in their hands, whoever moved slowly would be whipped. Some loved their Gu worms, and fed them personally.

“Lord Chen.” The old village head bowed, paying respects to one of the vice leaders in the caravan.

“Oh, old Zhang, I am busy here, just tell me what you have to say.” This Chen Gu Master said.

“It is like this. I have two juniors, doing small business…” Before the old village head finished, Chen Gu Master suddenly shouted: “Chen Xin, why are you in a daze? Go and feed the winged snakes, you think those servants can feed them properly? That snake of yours had already swallowed three servants these few days!”

“Yes clan elder.” Chen Xin was grabbed, raising his head and said.

But Chen Gu Master did not let go of him, chiding again: “How many times have I told you, call me clan elder in the village, in the caravan, you have to address me as vice leader.”

“Yes, yes, yes Lord vice leader.” Chen Xin answered, running away swiftly.

“This rascal…” Chen Gu Master scolded under his breath in anger, before turning to the old village head: “What did you say earlier? Oh! You want me to vouch for your two juniors to enter the caravan?”

“Lord is truly wise, that is the case.” Old village head quickly answered.

“That…” Chen Gu Master purposely hummed.

The old village head was turned into a Gu Master by him, because this route needed for the caravan to pass by, he needed someone who worked for him.

For caravans travelling, those villages were crucial, but the mortal hamlets along the way cannot be ignored as well, they were equally important.

The caravans had many people and much to do, much living resources would be quickly expended and need to be replenished along the way. There are also servants, when they encounter danger, some servants die and manpower becomes lacking. The caravan will have to select some mortals in those hamlets to recruit.

Speaking of which, among Chen Gu Master’s family servants, manpower was starting to feel lacking, after all mortals had cheap lives, they were just a type of expendable resources that can talk and move.

“Henceforth, when I cross by Zi You mountain, I will still need to make use of old Zhang, if I don’t accede to his request, wouldn’t that discourage him? Although I am lacking manpower now, I cannot agree so easily. I have to wait, and sell this favor at a good price.”

Chen Gu Master was still considering, when a messenger Gu Master from the caravan came running.

There was a stack of paper in his hand, as he ran and shouted: “All members take note, there is a new arrest warrant, there is a new arrest warrant!”

He shouted as he pasted a piece of paper on a black skin fat beetle’s body.

“New arrest warrant? From which clan? How much bounty, retrieve it for me.” Chen Gu Master was interested.

“Yes, vice leader.” The messenger Gu Master quickly handed over a piece of paper.

Chen Gu Master looked: “Oh, an arrest warrant from Bai clan. As long as information is accurate, they will give a thousand primeval stones? So much!”

Chen Gu Master’s eyes shone, gaining interest in the matter.

There were two prices on the warrant, one was information price, the other was killing price.

Information priced at a thousand primeval stones, normally it is used for a wanted demonic cultivator that has made a name for himself. But this poster only showed two youngsters, with proper features, and one was even very beautiful.

One male one female, these were two newbies.

“One is a rank one Gu Master, the other is rank three. With information price of a thousand primeval stones, and killing price of five thousand eight thousand primeval stones. Pfft, it seems that Bai clan hates these two demonic rascals to the core. Hehe…” Chen Gu Master laughed at their predicament, so long as it is not his Chen family.

What he did not know was, these two demonic rascals were near him.

The old village head took a look at the arrest warrant, and a chill came from within his heart.

“Gu Master’s world is really dangerous, such a beautiful youngster, is actually a criminal demonic cultivator! Let’s just hope that they are not coming to our village.”

“Alright, seeing how you’ve worked hard for all these years old Zhang, I will accede to your request.” Chen Gu Master said.

“Ah, thank you lord! Lord, I will call them here now.” The old village head was overjoyed.

Chen Gu Master waved his hand: “No need, I’m very busy. Just get them to report to Chen Xin.”

Towards two mortals, he held no interest. At the same time, he did not connect them to the arrest warrant in his hand, after all this is the Bai clan’s request, and they were thousands of li away. Chen Gu Master subconsciously felt that he at a very safe distance away.

This was a very common thinking.

Even on modern Earth, when murder cases happen in cities, no matter how ruthless and vile it is, other cities do not feel much danger, even if transportation is so advanced.

Other than that, they also have a fluke mind mentality.

In this vast world, where people lived everywhere, how would these two demonic scoundrels come to my caravan? Then I would be way too unlucky, it’s impossible!

People always tend to think that unlucky events would not occur on themselves.

Moreover, many people in arrest warrants are extremely vicious and cruel characters, attracting people’s attention. Two newbies like Fang and Bai, one rank three and one rank one, what could they amount to?

Chen Xin saw the two of them but did not think of the warrant at all.

Fang and Bai’s image had changed completely, not just the disfigured Fang Yuan, but after these days of practising, she also started to become more natural.

Chen Xin lost interest immediately, especially Fang Yuan’s appearance made him disgusted.

He was only rank one, while Fang Yuan rose to rank two several days ago.

Chen Xin observed them carelessly, and did not feel any Gu Master aura, thus calling an old attendant and getting him to arrange Fang and Bai’s jobs.

“What are your names?” The old attendant asked.

Only at this time did someone ask for their names.

“My name is Hei Tu, my wife is called Bai Yun.” Fang Yuan casually said.

“Female?” The old attendant frowned.

He stared at Bai Ning Bing and looked, seeing her dark skin appearance and her dazed look, she’s called Bai Yun 1 ? This Hei Tu is also really ugly!

“Women are trouble, you have to be more careful. If something happens, don’t blame me for not reminding you guys!” The old attendant said.

“I know, this cart beside me is filled with purple maple leaves. My wife is staying on the cart and taking care of the goods, I do not want much interaction with other people.” Fang Yuan said.

“Hmph, good that you understand.”

The old attendant arranged a physical task for the two, to move goods, but for Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, it is no issue at all, but Bai Ning Bing had to pretend and act like she was out of breath constantly, causing her mental fatigue.

Not far away, some family servants were slacking, resting at a corner.

Their gazes were directed towards Fang and Bai.

“Brother Qiang, there’s two newcomers. Some people saw them bringing in their private goods! That’s an entire cart of purple maple leaves.” A thin family servant said excitedly.

Depriving newcomers, it was the ritual that the caravan old timers often did.

Brother Qiang squatted on the ground, squinting: “I see it. Skinny monkey, go test them out.”

His body was strong as an ox, although his muscles were developed, he was not a rash person.

In this world where Gu Masters ruled above all, the strength of a mortal is nothing spectacular. Being able to become the most important person in this small circle, he had some wits after all.

Skinny monkey sighed, under everyone’s supervision, he got near to Fang Yuan.

“Hey brother, where are you from? Others call me brother monkey, from now on we will be working together, I hope we can work together amicably.” Skinny monkey forced out a smile.

Fang Yuan gave him a glance, only saying a word: “Scram.”

Skinny monkey’s eyes expanded as he showed a look of rage.

Fang Yuan did not look at him, but continued moving his goods. He had worked in the caravan in his previous life, extremely clear of such “rituals”.

In plain words, skinny monkey was testing water, using words to test out Fang Yuan’s identity, if he did not have any backing, they would work together and bully him, depriving him of some benefits.

But the truth is, not only are humans like this, Gu Masters were the same, they just did it more elegantly.

Moving alone and risking their lives, it included fighting with wild beasts. Moving together in groups, it was competing with their own kind.

At places with benefits, there were conflicts. There is only so much space after all, everyone wants to live better, and have more room to themselves, what can they do?

They can only invade other people’s spaces.

Skinny monkey had not expected Fang Yuan to not give face, thus he was stunned at the spot, staring intently at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan did not give a thought about such a character. Mortals were cheap as grass, even if one or two were killed, so what?

As long as the goods were still delivered, the Gu Masters in charge would not care.

Even if they did, Fang Yuan had back up methods to resolve this issue.

All in all, trying to provoke Fang Yuan, these family servants were courting death.

“What, why are you not scramming, you want me to chase you away?” Fang Yuan gave skinny monkey a cold look again.

Skinny monkey snorted, but did not explode in anger, instead taking his leave.

Such a strong attitude, it caused brother Qiang to feel threatened: Did these two have some sort of background? Otherwise how could they be so arrogant? I had better check up on their backgrounds first.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 235: Shang Xin Ci 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The caravan travelled for the whole day, and chose a valley to camp for the night.

The day went pretty good for the caravan as they only came across three small beast groups.

They killed two groups and chased one away. Calculating the losses and the profits they made from killing the beast groups, they had made some profits instead.

The setting sun dyed the clouds with colors; red, orange, grayish red, purple… there were all kinds of colors. The clouds also formed into all kinds of shapes; appearing like a roaring lion one moment, or galloping pegasus the next moment, or a blossoming sea of flowers.

The multicolored sunlight shone upon the valley which resembled a jade-green gem. After the caravan finished all the arrangements for the night, there was a certain area in the caravan that was a cacophony of noises.

“Come, have a look, today’s freshly slaughtered beast meat!”

“Buttermilk, fragrant and sweet buttermilk…”

“Only ten pieces of clothing remaining, stock clearance sale!”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were also among the crowd.

They dragged their handcart and occupied an area; at their left was a stall selling wild herbs and at their right was a stall selling milk.

Bai Ning Bing was rather interested in all this as she looked all around her: “To think there would be a small bazaar like this in the caravan.”

“If there is consumption, there will be transactions, and the consumption will thus stimulate marketplaces.” Fang Yuan answered.

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed, these words were truly incisive.

She looked at Fang Yuan: “Are you planning on selling these purple maple leaves?”

Fang Yuan slightly nodded his head: “We have already entered the caravan so we can just conveniently dispose of them now. Keeping them with us will only attract the greed of some scoundrels.”

What’s more, it wasn’t easy to preserve purple maple leaves.

They had it for just over a day, and already the purple maple leaves on Fang Yuan’s cart were showing signs of withering. And as time continued to pass, their value will only get lesser and lesser.

Of course, Fang Yuan didn’t care about measly two primeval stones.

However, just throwing them off wouldn’t be in accord to their current identities, and would only serve to raise suspicions.

“The small bazaar in the caravan is divided into two types. The one we are dealing in is only the transactions between mortals and it will be held every day. Another type is the transactions between Gu Masters, which is held once a week.” Fang Yuan said.

Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes – covered by the straw hat – slightly brightened: “It would be helpful to us if we could join the small bazaar held for Gu Masters. Shang Clan City is still a great distance away; if not anything else, we need an investigative Gu to prevent any unforeseen circumstances.”

“I have already planned this out but it’s still too early.” Fang Yuan confidently smiled as he thought of a certain thing in his tusita flower.

The two were discussing softly, when a male servant walked over while staggering.

He was wearing shabby and torn clothes, his face filled with bloodstains; a clear resemblance to beggars. As he walked to the stall beside Fang Yuan’s, and saw the pots filled with milk, he swallowed his saliva: “Brother, could you give me some milk to drink?”

“Go away. Don’t hinder my business!” The milk seller impatiently waved his hands.

This male servant, helplessly, walked away towards Fang and Bai’s cart: “Two brothers….”

He hadn’t even finished saying his sentence, when Fang Yuan walked to the front and kicked him, shouting with a vicious tone: “Screw off.”

The male servant fell down to the ground, his ragged clothes were stained by the black muddy soil. His previous wounds were stimulated by the kick, making him grimace in pain.

He climbed up with great difficulty, and looked at Fang Yuan with hatred: “Good, I will remember this, we are all mortals, everyone has a bad day. Hmph…”

Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold as he raised his feet again.

Bam.

This servant fell to the ground again.

“Dare to say one more word?” Fang Yuan stared down at this servant fiercely.

The servant gave a vicious glare at Fang Yuan as he crawled up, but he didn’t dare to squeak a word.

However, just as he stood up, he was again met with Fang Yuan’s kick.

“I don’t like your expression.” Fang Yuan indifferently spoke with his arms crossed at his chest.

The servant lowered his head and crawled up silently, not daring to look at Fang Yuan again. He didn’t continue begging anymore and walked far away.

Looking at his departing figure, Bai Ning Bing asked in bewilderment: “Strange, how can there be a beggar in the caravan?”

“This is normal. This servant must have made a mistake or his master is in bad mood today. In short, he was beaten by a Gu Master and also had his meal cancelled.” Fang Yuan shrugged his shoulders, his gaze, however, coldly glanced towards a corner.

In a corner, three to four sturdily built servants were catching new faces, bullying the newcomers.

After noticing the situation at Fang Yuan’s, they retrieved their gazes and looked at other targets.

Mortals had cheap lives, their status were extremely low, and their survival was as difficult as walking on steel wire. Inside the caravan, the Gu Masters could easily beat them to death and take their lives like cutting grass. Anyway, mortals like them could be replenished easily in the hamlets along the way.

Every time the caravans came across danger, there would be large numbers of dying mortals.

Besides these, there were also secret and almost desperate struggles between the mortals themselves. Fang Yuan had just arrived at the caravan, but two groups already wanted to find troubles for him.

He, naturally, wasn’t afraid of these trouble, and could easily resolve them, but he would rather resolve them earlier.

Of course, there were some mortals who lived beautiful lives.

Most of them were those with backgrounds or were relatives and friends of Gu Masters; using this identity to do as they liked.

After the beggar walked away, two groups of mortals approached Fang Yuan.

The head of one group was an old man with sharp eyes. After asking Fang Yuan for the price, he immediately lowered the price to a quarter. Fang Yuan reckoned this old geezer’s identity should be the chief supervisor in charge of arranging the tasks for the servants.

The head of another group was a woman. She was actually wearing silk clothings and her eyes gave off seductive glances. Fang Yuan immediately understood she must be a sex tool of a certain or some male Gu Masters.

The two heads were both accompanied by a large number of people, and although they were mortals, their status were extremely evident.

They lowered the price to a very low amount, with the intention of buying low and selling high. They had some wealth and were not like most of the servants who could not even be sure if they could get a meal that day.

While Fang Yuan had no need for this cart of purple maple leaves, in order to match with his current identity and not let the cat out of the bag, he refused the lowered prices of these two people.

The old man left with pleasant countenance but there was threat hidden in his tone. The woman just walked away while cursing and swearing.

“I will sell this cart of rotten leaves to the next person that comes to bid.” Just when Fang Yuan was pondering over his next action, the small bazaar suddenly went in an uproar.

Some people excitedly cheered and shouted.

“The kind-hearted lady of Zhang clan has arrived!”

“Lady Zhang is compassionate and kind, she is a fairy incarnate!”

“She is a really good person, I won’t go hungry today…”

“What’s happening?” Bai Ning Bing surveyed the situation and saw a green image appearing through the entrance of the bazaar.

Fang Yuan was also bewildered:  What’s up with this ?

“Lady Zhang!””Fairy Zhang!!” A group of servants flocked over to the woman, and instantly, the bazaar entrance was crowded.

These people were mostly the ones who were punished by Gu Masters and didn’t have anything to eat now. The man who Fang Yuan kicked earlier was also among them, extending his neck and arms.

“Don’t be in a hurry everyone, there is plenty of it, slow down.” The green clothed girl said.

Her voice was gentle and soft, and was immediately submerged in the shouts of the crowd.

“Keep your mouths shut! Line up and come one by one. Anyone that dares to rush over or shout, will immediately be slashed by me!” Suddenly, a thunderous voice resounded within the little bazaar.

An old but tough Gu Master appeared in everyone’s sights. And as he gazed at everyone with his ferocious gaze, the noisy little bazaar immediately went silent.

This was the authority of a Gu Master!

There was no one who didn’t believe he wouldn’t do what he just said. As a Gu Master, so long as their mood was bad, what was killing off two or three mortals considered?

The crowd pushed and shoved each other, and soon lined up in a neat long row.

In front of the queue, the green clothed girl held a basket of steamed buns and distributed them.

The whole little bazaar was absolutely silent.

Countless gazes looked at the green clothed girl with respect, worship and even love.

Bai Ning Bing was curious and asked the stall owner to the side: “Who is she?”

“What, you don’t even know of Lady Zhang Xin Ci? You should be newcomers, right?”

“Zhang Xin Ci?” Fang Yuan asked, his brows tightly locked, “Speak up everything you know!”

The stall owner recalled how ruthlessly Fang Yuan had kicked the servant earlier; he didn’t dare to conceal anything: “Lady Zhang is is also one of the deputy leaders of our caravan. She doesn’t have aptitude towards cultivation and is a mortal like us. However, she has a strong background in her clan, the Gu Master beside her is her bodyguard. I have lived for so long, but truthfully, I have never seen such a kind-hearted person; Lady Zhang brings some food almost every evening for the starved servants. She comes even if the weather is bad… Sigh, heaven is unfair, they prevented such a person from cultivating.”

Bai Ning Bing nodded her head and smiled, saying towards Fang Yuan: “Truly, all sorts of people exist in this world.”

Fang Yuan didn’t respond.

Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan in confusion, and saw something wrong with Fang Yuan’s expression.

The latter was gazing fixedly at the green clothed girl, his brows almost furrowed into a knot.

The green clothed girl had silky jet black hair draping over her shoulders, accentuating her beauty. Her eyebrows were like thin like smoke, her eyes as clear as the moon. Her skin was snow-white, and her lips were pink and tender.

She had no makeup on her face, looking soft and gentle. The slight smile she gave from time to time when distributing the steamed buns, was pure and innocent.

She was wearing green clothing and had a fresh and plain aura. She was elegant like an orchid, graceful like a lotus and gentle like water. In terms of looks, she was on the same level as Bai Ning Bing, but she could be said to be once in a thousand years beauty.

If a woman has fine appearance, they can only be considered to be good-looking, just like common beverages. Only with disposition, can they be called beautiful, like well-aged liquor.

No doubt, this green clothed girl was an absolute beauty.

However, no matter how beautiful you were, how moving your disposition was, they were all pointless in Fang Yuan’s eyes!

Fang Yuan was not looking at her appearance; no matter how beautiful and what disposition one had, if you cut open their skin and flesh, they were all skeletons.

However, he was baffled as he thought of a certain figure: “Isn’t this girl Shang Xin Ci?”

Shang Xin Ci was one of the young masters of the Shang clan.

Within a clan, the clan leader’s sons and daughters were all called ‘young masters’. Only the heirs who are able to obtain the elders’ approval, could be called ‘young clan leader’.

With her identity as the young master of the Shang clan, Shang Xin Ci was a girl with good fortune.

Everyone knew the Shang clan members were greedy and treacherous, but this Shang Xin Ci was the only exception. She was soft and weak, didn’t like fighting, and was very lenient; she was the worst businessman of the Shang clan.

When she did business, she not only made frequent losses, but was also frequently cheated by others. She easily trusted others, and the crucial point was she didn’t learn after being cheated and would continue to be cheated by others.

As the young master of the Shang clan, she was once taken as a disgrace of the Shang Clan and was someone no one thought highly of. However, considering that she possessed the bloodline of the Shang clan leader, she was not expelled from the clan.

She didn’t discriminate mortals but instead felt strongly sympathetic towards them, giving care and assistance. Several times, she had even bought off all the slaves in auction, and was severely reprimanded by the Shang clan leader.

However, fate was truly wonderful, in the end, she became the head of the Shang Clan!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 236: Kindness will be rewarded? 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“But why is she here? And, why is she called Zhang Xin Ci? In my memories, she was clearly a Gu Master, why are they saying she doesn’t have cultivation aptitude and is a mortal?”

Fang Yuan was bewildered.

“Is she not Shang Xin Ci and is only similar in appearance? But this is too similar! No, wait a second…”

Fang Yuan’s rummaged through his mind, and suddenly, he extracted a very old information from the depths of his memories.

“Shang Xin Ci had a rough life. She was an illegitimate child born of Shang clan leader when he had gone out to travel. She didn’t have a father since young and had to endure being bullied. After her mother died, her life became more difficult. She was forced by her clansmen to follow the caravan and become a merchant. In the end, when she arrived at Shang Clan city, the Shang clan leader sensed her bloodline. Shang clan leader felt both surprised and happy, admitting her as his daughter in front of the public. But he still felt he owed her a lot, thus he would bear with and cover up a lot of her mistakes.”

Upon thinking this, Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened.

“So that’s it, I understand now!”

Combining the situation before him with the broken clues in his memories, Fang Yuan arrived at the truth.

Many years ago, when Shang clan leader was only a young master of the Shang clan, he left his seed in Zhang clan; it was Shang Xin Ci.

Shang clan and Zhang clan were at odds with each other since ancient times.

When Shang Xin Ci was born, her mother didn’t dare to reveal about the Shang clan leader due to this. Thus, Shang Xin Ci was born as a disgraceful illegitimate child and took on her mother’s surname.

This was the reason why she was still being called as Zhang Xin Ci.

After her mother died, she was forced by the clansmen to be a merchant. And after she ended up arriving at Shang clan city, her bloodline was discovered. Her father had also become the Shang clan leader, and with such a high status, he acknowledged her in front of everybody, completely changing her fate.

“So to say, this caravan is her first journey as a merchant!”

Fang Yuan’s heart began to thump loudly when he realized this.

One should know, this Shang Xin Ci was a stock that was absolutely guaranteed to increase; she was the future Shang clan leader. No one would believe it if it was said now.

Of course, the future was prone to changes.

Even in the original track in his memories, there were drastic changes in the world, and even the powerful Shang clan was already ruined by the time she became the clan leader.

To Fang Yuan, waiting till she became Shang clan leader was a very long investment without any returns.

Her value didn’t lie in the time she became the clan leader, but rather when she was acknowledge by the Shang clan leader and became one of the Shang clan’s young masters.

As a young master, she would definitely be given responsibility over a part of the business. This was the tradition of the Shang clan to nurture the clan’s successors.

It was exactly this point which Fang Yuan desired.

He needed a way to dispose of the goods; a stable, favorable and safe channel.

In his important plans after his rebirth, this was absolutely necessary.

In the future, he would definitely open up many secret inheritances. There would be many things which he does not need, and by selling them he would be revealing their enormous worth.

For instance, those bone spear Gu and spiral bone spear Gu in Bai Ning Bing’s aperture currently.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing just needed one of them, at most another one for backup. If they didn’t sell them, these Gu would just die in their hands and they would even waste a lot of milk in feeding them.

Previously, Fang Yuan had intended to temporarily use Jia Jin Sheng as a channel to dispose goods, then it would be best if he could connect to Jia Fu to nurture this channel.

The result; destiny liked to play with people, because of being subjected to the secret of flower wine monk’s inheritance, he had no choice but to kill Jia Jin Sheng.

“This is a gift heaven has sent to me!” Fang Yuan heaved a deep sigh as his gaze towards the distant Shang Xin Ci turned bright as fire.

Shang clan had deep foundations – at least before that violent storm which engulfed the Southern Border – it was one of the overlords of the southern border. When stolen goods were sold to them, the victims wouldn’t dare to come find trouble.

However, because their influence was too strong, Fang Yuan is also worried about possible backstabbing.

They belonged to righteous path on the surface, but the core of the Shang clan members were all black; this was actually quite normal.

However, Shang Xin Ci was the exception.

She had been tested by many changes and upheaval in the history of her hundred years. Her kindness, gentleness, benevolence and honesty were praised far and wide in Fang Yuan’s previous life, her reputation resounding all over the Southern Border.

The most important thing was that she didn’t have any foundation.

Different from other young masters, she would walk a solitary path after she arrived at Shang clan city. In future, she would make many mistakes, but it wasn’t because she was not intelligent, but rather because of the other young masters secret plotting to suppress their competitor.

Fang Yuan needed her as a channel, and she also similarly needed the external help – Fang Yuan – if she wanted to live a better life in the future.

Most importantly, she was easy to manipulate and influence! Her youth and kind nature were both ‘weaknesses’ Fang Yuan could exploit.

“Hahaha.” Bai Ning Bing suddenly laughed from the side, “You took a fancy to her, right?”

“What?” Fang Yuan’s thoughts paused.

“Don’t pretend, we are both men, I can understand just from looking at your gaze. Anyway, this little girl is quite pleasing to the eyes, but it will be very difficult for you to obtain her. Unless I help you and find an opportunity to secretly kidnap her. As an exchange, give the Yang Gu to me first.” Bai Ning Bing tried to entice Fang Yuan.

However, Fang Yuan next sentence made her seethe in anger: ” You are a man?”

“You!”

Things were a bit troublesome now. First of all, Fang Yuan needed to approach Shang Xin Ci, then obtain her trust. However, he didn’t have a lot of time, he must settle everything before she reaches Shang clan city.

Bai Ning Bing’s idea of capturing her was too dumb and risky; it would just cause the situation to be even more messed up.

Fang Yuan was very clear the reason why Shang Xin Ci could be repeatedly cheated; it was not that she was stupid, but rather she was too kind.

In his previous life, there was a demonic path figure called ‘Night Gentleman’; he was an expert thief and was as cunning as a fox.

He had swindled Shang Xin Ci many times using the same excuse. One day, he couldn’t endure it anymore and asked: “I always tell you this, aren’t you worried I am swindling you?”

At that time, Shang Xin Ci had replied: “You say you are unable to make ends meet, and if you aren’t able to immediately borrow some primeval stones, your family will starve to death. I know that you are most likely deceiving me, but every time you say this, I can’t bear to think that what if you were saying the truth this time? And if I didn’t lend you the money, then several lives might be lost. Although, that is not likely to happen, I don’t want to bet on it.”

When the Night Lord heard Shang Xin Ci’s reply, he couldn’t stop his tears from flowing. He was so moved by her that he fell on his knees on the spot.

After this event, he changed from demonic to righteous, and followed Shang Xin Ci with unwavering loyalty, achieving many war exploits.

The sun was slowly swallowed by the mountain ranges in the west and the night gradually descended.

The long queue of people also decreased, till all the servants received food and dispersed.

“Alright, that’s it for today. I will come again tomorr…” She hadn’t even finished speaking when a figure suddenly jumped in front of her.

What kind of face was this!

Eyebrows all burnt off, only a bit of hair remained and one ear less. Who was it if not Fang Yuan?

Shang Xin Ci was startled, the maids behind her even screamed in fright.

“What the hell are you doing?!” That tall and sturdy old Gu Master immediately shouted.

“Lady Zhang, please buy my goods!” Fang Yuan didn’t care about this old Gu Master, and screamed towards Shang Xin Ci.

Bai Ning Bing silently stood far away, enjoying Fang Yuan’s performance.

“I have one steamed bun remaining, take it, okay?” Shang Xin Ci revealed a gentle smile, she didn’t feel any revulsion towards Fang Yuan, only sympathy. She tried to think of how much pain he must have experienced for such severe wounds.

Sigh, such a pitiful person.

Fang Yuan but threw the steamed bun on the ground: “I don’t need this, I want to sell my goods! I sold my old house and bought this cart of purple maple leaves. But I haven’t been able to sell it, the leaves will soon wither up; what meaning will my life have then? Sob sob…I don’t want to live if I can’t sell it. I should just smash my head and die!”

He started to weep while speaking. He stamped his feet and howled, his expression carried a hint of madness and was extremely moving.

Bai Ning Bing was dumbstruck.

“This acting skill, I really have no hope of catching up!”

If she didn’t know about Fang Yuan, even she might have been deceived by Fang Yuan.

She then observed the expressions and gazes of the crowd; stunned, disdainful, sympathy, indifference, but there were no suspicions.

“Who is this man? Charging over so suddenly, scared me to death!”

“Such greed, he actually wants Lady Zhang to buy his goods.”

“Serves him right! Does he think trading is so easy?”

“Sigh, the buyers must have demanded a lower price. When I think of those times I encountered…”

There were all kinds of discussions going on in the crowd.

“Tsk, you lunatic, you actually dared to frighten our young lady, screw off this instant!” That old Gu Master’s tongue seemed to give off lightning sparks as he took a step forward and protected Shang Xin Ci behind him.

“Lady Zhang, I don’t want to live if you don’t buy my goods! Lady Zhang, you are a good person, please buy this cart of purple maple leaves and save me.” Fang Yuan wailed without ceasing.

Shang Xin Ci’s heart softened: “Sigh, don’t cry. I will buy them, but life is the most valuable thing in our life, live properly from now and don’t give up on life so easily. Uncle Zhang Zhu, give him three primeval stones.”

“Miss…” The old Gu Master’s brows furrowed.

“Huh, it worked?!”

“Maybe I should do this too?”

A commotion erupted among the stall owners.

“Thank you lady, thank you. Lady Zhang, you are my, Hei Tu’s, savior!” Fang Yuan was greatly ecstatic and there were signs of tears on his face as he repeatedly bowed.

The old Gu Master’s eyelids twitched, he looked at the cart behind Fang Yuan: “This cart of purple maple leaves is worth two primeval stones at most. Three is too much!”

“Uncle Zhang Zhu…” Shang Xin Ci said with a soft voice.

The old Gu Master heaved a deep sigh: “Miss, it isn’t that I am unwilling to part with three primeval stones. But this amount is too big for a mere servant like him. It is bound to attract those who will eye the money and scheme against him. Miss, for his own safety, we should just give him two primeval stones. Moreover, all the peddlers might come over tomorrow if you give it to him like this.”

“Uncle Zhang Zhu is correct, then please give him two primeval stones.” Shang Xin Ci pondered for a while and readily agreed.

Fang Yuan accepted the two primeval stones with trembling hands, he looked deeply at Shang Xin Ci: “Miss Zhang, you are a great person, you will definitely be rewarded!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 237: Thrashing 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Many stall owners looked at Fang Yuan in envy.

Fang Yuan put the two primeval stones he received into his pocket, and abandoning the handcart, he directly left the small bazaar with Bai Ning Bing.

“The way I see it, we should just directly capture her. Don’t forget our current identities if you want to approach her.” Bai Ning Bing murmured quietly.

Fang and Bai were currently laborers under Chen Clan, they had relied on this identity to mix in with the caravan, but now this was undoubtedly the obstacle for Fang Yuan in approaching Shang Xin Ci.

However, Fang Yuan had already planned for it, he looked at Bai Ning Bing and smiled: “You are right. So I will go thrash people now.”

Bai Ning Bing was stumped: “Thrash?”

The clear night sky was studded with the bright stars.

In a wide tent, several servants were sitting in a circle around a coal stove which had a pot on it.

The upper part of the tent was opened, allowing the smoke from the burning coals to fly out.

There was meat in the pot and the servants were all staring fixedly at it. Faint aroma of cooked meat began to float in the air and one could hear the occasional gulps of saliva.

“Brother Qiang, I have made some inquiries on the details of the two newcomers.” Skinny monkey said.

“Oh, speak.” The muscular servant called Brother Qiang raised his eyebrows.

“These two were introduced by the village head of the hamlet near the Zi You mountain.” Skinny monkey answered.

“That solves it.”

“I remember that village head was originally a mortal, the vice leader wanted a strategic point and casually awakened him.”

“So they had this background…”

The group seemed to have come upon a realization.

“Although they have a Gu Master behind them, so what? Brother Qiang’s sister is our lord Chen Xin’s concubine!” Someone shouted.

“These two newcomers are too bold, if they aren’t taught a lesson, wouldn’t they just climb over our head in the future?”

“Keep quiet, we will listen to brother Qiang!” Someone else shouted.

The tent quieted down as everyone looked towards Brother Qiang.

Brother Qiang appeared to be hesitating. Fang and Bai had a Gu Master behind them. Even if this Gu Master was not a Chen Clan member, even if this Gu Master was an old geezer with half a foot in the coffin, he was in the end still a Gu Master….

“Have you found out the relation these two has with that old village head?”

Skinny monkey immediately revealed an awkward expression: “This… brother Qiang, you also know that with our identities, being able to investigate even this is already not an easy thing.”

Brother Qiang hesitated.

“Boss, these two newcomers are too unreasonable, look at their attitudes towards the skinny monkey today? They are clearly looking down at us! They must be taught a lesson.”

“Right. That old village head was originally a mortal like us, and with some bullshit luck became a Gu Master.”

“What can we even take him as? Wasn’t he able to become a Gu Master only because our vide leader wanted to use him? He is no more than a high ranked servant.”

“Moreover, the caravan merchants always face dangers. Even if these two died, that village head wouldn’t dare to settle it with our Chen Clan!”

The noisy discussions made Brother Qiang’s frowns even deeper.

The skinny monkey observed the situation for a long while. He had wanted to find trouble for Fang and Bai, but was instead oppressed by Fang Yuan this morning, causing him to feel full of hatred towards the latter.

However, he knew that he had no background and he could only rely on Brother Qiang for revenge.

When he felt the time was right, he spoke: “For the life of me, I can’t believe what I heard earlier. A cart of purple maple leaves was actually sold for two primeval stones in the little bazaar!”

Brother Qiang’s eyes immediately brightened.

“What? Two primeval stones?”

“How can it be possible, the prices weren’t lowered?”

“Such luck! Which fool bought it?”

Skinny monkey sneered as he spoke with disdain and envy: “Who else is there? It is that young lady from Zhang clan, a mortal but look at her luck, living a good life.”

“Damn, I recall how I had smuggled in some goods and how cheap I had to sell them. Why didn’t I have these two guys’ luck!” Brother Qiang’s eyes became bloodshot.

He indignantly said: “We will put them in order tomorrow. Newcomers must show respect to their seniors. If they don’t understand the rules, then we will just have to properly teach them.”

“Yes, Brother Qiang.”

“We will do whatever Brother Qiang says!”

“Brother Qiang is wise!” Skinny monkey flattered, then took out the stew with a soup ladle, “The meat stew is done. Brother Qiang, please taste it.”

The aroma of the meat assailed the nostrils; the adam apples of many servants moved as they swallowed their saliva.

Brother Qiang licked his lips and took the soup ladle, he blew at it before bringing it closer to his mouth.

Suddenly, the entrance curtain of the tent was lifted open.

Fang Yuan walked inside.

“It’s you!” The crowd of servants were stunned, the target of their long schemings had unexpectedly appeared directly in front of them!

This made them feel at a loss and dismayed.

Skinny monkey jumped to his feet and said with a sinister smile: “Newbie, now you know fear? It is already too late for apolo…!”

He hadn’t finished saying his sentence when Fang Yuan indifferently raised his foot.

Bam.

Skinny monkey was directly kicked flying, his back smashing against the coal stove. The cooked meat stew splashed all over his body and burned him, causing him to scream tragically.

“The meat stew!”

“All spilled! The meat we bought with our money pooled together. It is so hard to even taste it once, this bastard!”

“Bastard, courting death!”

Instantly, all the servants stood up with resentment and roared as they charged at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan threw the two primeval stones he was holding in his hand at them.

“Ouch!”

Two persons were hit by the primeval stones; one covered his eyes and another covered his stomach, both screaming in pain.

“Despicable, actually using concealed weapons!”

“Wait a second, this is… primeval stones?!”

The crowd that was charging over immediately slowed down when they heard this.

Two primeval stones lying on the ground drew the servants’ gazes.

Skinny monkey’s tragic scream also came to an abrupt stop as he stared fixedly at the primeval stones.

Birds die for food, humans die for wealth.

“Has this guy gone mad?”

“Actually throwing primeval stones at people? Hmph, he must have already been scared.”

“These are primeval stones, I might not even earn one after two months of working!”

The group of servants’ thoughts rumbled like the raging tide.

Some started looking at Fang Yuan with a bit of hope, as if asking: Do you have more primeval stones, come smash them at me!

“You dare to smash my eye, you are looking to die!” The servant covering the eyes, shouted as he let go of his hand.

His right eye was already swollen and purplish, he couldn’t even open it.

However, that didn’t hinder him from grabbing the primeval stone.

The rest of the servants quivered and they immediately looked at the other primeval stone on the ground.

Bam!

Everyone of them pounced at that primeval stone, throwing everything about Fang Yuan to the back of their heads.

Skinny monkey gritted his teeth in pain as he grabbed towards the primeval stone, quicker than others.

“MINE, this is mine, he smashed it at me!” The other servant who had been hit roared furiously.

“Screw off monkey, weren’t you injured? Why are you so fast!” Someone shouted with his saliva flying all over.

“Shut your trap. Who tripped me just now, stand up!” Brother Qiang’s face was covered with dirt, he was furious.

Suddenly, a hand appeared and pulled him.

Who had such guts?!

Surprised and angry, he turned his head to look, coming face to face with none other than Fang Yuan’s ugly face.

He shouted: “How dare you grab me? Let go of your dog paw!”

Bam!

Fang Yuan waved his fist and punched his face.

Brother Qiang’s nose bone instantly broke and blood started flowing madly. He felt intense dizziness and all he saw were stars spinning around.

Fang Yuan let go of his hand and Brother Qiang fell softly to the ground.

“My god!”

“He punched Brother Qiang!”

“Brother Qiang is injured, let’s attack this bastard together!!”

The servants were stumped for a while before coming back to their senses; immediately brandishing their fists as they pounced at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan indifferently swept his fist horizontally, sending the nearest servant flying to the side. The servant’s teeth were smashed.

Immediately following, another servant closed at him.

Fang Yuan aimed at his crotch and lightly kicked.

“Ouu…!!!” This servant covered his crotch, his two eyes rolled over and immediately fainted.

All the servants were down on the ground with few punches and kicks from Fang Yuan, the only one remaining was skinny monkey who was hiding in the corner.

As Fang Yuan gazed at him, skinny monkey shivered and immediately fell onto the ground.

“I surrender, I surrender. Great hero, please be magnanimous!” He begged loudly, kowtowing continuously.

His head smashed on the ground and continued to produce muffled sounds.

However, there was no sound of Fang Yuan’s movement.

Skinny monkey raised his head with fear, but Fang Yuan had already left. The servants inside the tent were collapsed on the ground; some had fainted and some were moaning in pain.

Fang Yuan walked in between the tents.

The noise from earlier would have attracted many people. This was what Fang Yuan wanted.

Bai Ning Bing walked over from within a dark corner: “It is just the first day and we have already beaten up working servants. This won’t be good.”

She grinned, taking joy in this disaster. However, she was even more curious of why Fang Yuan did this.

Fang Yuan didn’t reply, walking towards the depths of this temporary camp.

Soon, he arrived at his destination – a horse carriage. He had already inquired and knew this was where the old steward of the Chen Clan slept.

He didn’t immediately go and knock on the carriage, but went into a dark area with no one in the vicinity. He took out the dagger he carried with him and began to slash himself.

In the quiet surroundings, a soft sound of dagger cutting open a flesh could be heard.

Bai Ning Bing’s brows raised when she heard it.

She, once again, realized how ruthless and cruel Fang Yuan was; he didn’t make even a sound when he cut himself with the dagger, and from the sound of it, he seemed to be quite skilled at it. It was as if he was not cutting himself, but some wood.

Thud thud thud….

The carriage door was knocked continuously.

The narrow carriage was filled with goods, along with a small bed.

Fortunately, the old steward was short and when he curled up on the small bed, it didn’t appear to be congested.

Thud thud thud.

The door was knocked again.

The old steward who had been sleeping soundly, frowned as he got up from the bed.

Bang… bang… bang!

The knocks were getting stronger, the old steward opened his bloodshot eyes: “Who is it?”

“It is me, old steward.” A sound came in from outside the door.

This voice was unfamiliar but it also seemed to be a little familiar. The old steward’s brows furrowed tighter, and after a long while, he recalled this voice belonged to the newcomer that joined just this morning.

“A newcomer actually doesn’t understand the rules! What the hell are you doing disturbing someone’s sleep in the middle of the night!?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 238: Lady, save me! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The old steward’s anger surged to the skies, he decided to give Fang Yuan an unforgettable lesson.

Bang, he opened the door.

However, the scene that appeared in front of him was Fang Yuan’s injuries and blood stains.

The old steward got quite a shock, forgetting his rage, he asked: “You, what happened? Has a beast pack raided us?”

“No, old steward. It was those thieves that injured me, and snatched my primeval stones! Old steward, you need to seek justice for me!” Fang Yuan wiped away his tears and shouted.

………

“Oww…it hurts!”

“Has that lunatic gone away?”

“Damn it, that lunatic is too strong!”

The scene inside the tent was of a complete mess. The aroma of the meat stew was still there, but it could no longer be salvaged and the pot was completely smashed.

The group of servants were slowly recovering their senses; they either had bloody noses and swollen faces, or they were drawing in gasps of cold air.

“Son of a … A mere newbie dares to beat us, this has gone too far!”

“We have not even gone to find trouble with him yet he dared to find trouble with us first?!”

“I cannot contain this anger. We cannot let this be, we must get back at him!”

“How? Can you even beat him?”

“Why would we beat him? We will just tell on him and let the old steward handle him. This newbie is too tyrannical, how can we still work together later?”

“That’s right. Pass those two primeval stones he threw to me. This will be the evidence!” Brother Qiang suddenly said.

The tent immediately quietened down, everyone knew this was just an excuse used by Brother Qiang.

The servants who hadn’t been able to snatch the primeval stones looked at this with joy, looking at the skinny monkey and another servant.

The two of them seemed to be mumbling, but didn’t speak; clearly, they didn’t want to hand it over.

Brother Qiang was not stupid at all, as he said tactfully: “We are all injured, these two primeval stones are not only evidence, they are also our medical fees.”

These words resounded with the servants who wanted to have a share, as they spoke one after another.

“Brother Qiang is right!”

“Monkey, hand the primeval stone to Brother Qiang. Or are you thinking of becoming the boss?”

“Brother Qiang has a deep background, only he can avenge us!”

“Brother Qiang, we believe you…”

Under everyone’s pressure, skinny monkey and the other servant could only purse their lips, and unwillingly hand over their primeval stone to Brother Qiang.

As Brother Qiang received and felt the smooth, glossy primeval stones, he felt his nose didn’t hurt so much anymore.

However, right at this moment, the entrance curtain was suddenly lifted.

Everyone was shocked, thinking Fang Yuan had come again. But the one that was staring at the scene was the old steward.

“Old steward, what are you doing here!”

“Old steward, we were just going to look for you!”

The servants were both surprised and joyous.

The old steward’s expression, however, was not good, especially when he saw those two primeval stones on Brother Qiang’s hand, his looks turned even more gloomy.

He reached in front of Brother Qiang in few steps, then snatched the primeval stones and gave several tight slaps to Brother Qiang.

Brother Qiang was stupefied.

The rest of the servants were also stupefied.

After several moments, the group finally reacted.

“Old steward, why are you so angry?”

“Old steward, you, what are you doing?!”

The old man simply walked away and lifted open the curtains: “Qiang, skinny monkey, you group of bastards, come out!”

Then he directly walked out of the tent.

Brother Qiang covered his face, but he didn’t dare to oppose the old steward. He restrained his anger and walked out of the tent in bewilderment.

The rest of the servants also followed him out of the tent, when they saw Fang Yuan standing to the side; his whole body was injured and his cloth was stained with blood.

“Old steward, they are the ones who stole my primeval stones!” Fang Yuan pointed at them and shouted with righteous indignation.

“What the!” The servants only then reacted.

“Brat, you dare slander us!”

“Asshole, I will peel off your skin!!”

The group of servants were furious and shouted one after another.

Slap!

A clear slap instantly suppressed the scene.

The servant who was shouting the most, was covering his face, and involuntarily took a step back from the slap.

The old steward looked at him darkly: “Why wouldn’t he complain, hmm? Hehe, you guys are getting more and more out of control, you even dare to snatch the primeval stones of your workmate!”

The old steward was well aware of the bullying on newcomers, but he was glad to see that happen.

This was a necessary process. On one hand, it would suppress the arrogance of the newcomers, making his supervision work easier; on another hand, it could also promote the harmony between the oldcomers and the newcomers.

However, the bullying this time went too far, they directly snatched the primeval stones; what difference was there between them and the bandits?

“Old steward, it isn’t what you are thinking….” Someone complained.

Slap!

Another clear slap.

The old steward’s tone turned cold: “Did I tell you to speak?”

“Old steward, we must speak up!”

“Yes, we are being accused!”

Many servants shouted, feeling wronged. We are the victims here!

The old steward seethed in anger as he shouted fiercely: “You guys took his primeval stones and you actually dare to say you are being accused. These two primeval stones, are they his or not? Speak! Speak honestly!”

“Yes, yes.”

“It is, but…”

Slap slap!

Two slaps, the two servants shut their mouths.

The old steward pointed at them and angrily rebuked: “Okay, let’s forget about snatching the primeval stones, you actually dared to use knives! You sure have guts! Speak up, who used the knife…”

When the servants were crippled and couldn’t work anymore, their recuperation and treatment would be expenses!

If such matters were delayed, the target of the Gu master’s blame would be the old steward.

“Using knife?”

“We didn’t!”

“Old steward, we are all experienced, who doesn’t know about this?”

“A load of bullshit. Do you think I am blind? If you didn’t use knives, then where did his injuries come from? Are you telling me he cut himself?” The old steward continued to angrily shout.

Bai Ning Bing thought inwardly, while looking at this scene from a dark corner not far away: Old steward, you are quite smart, you actually guessed it.

Slap.. Slap.. Slap…

The old steward’s anger had reached an extreme as he slapped the servants one after another.

Every servants received few slaps; none dare to speak up in fear of the old steward’s authority.

They could only clench their fists in anger. The veins in their forehead out and cracking noises were emitted from their teeth grinding. They were all filled with stuffed feeling with nowhere to vent it on.

“Get back to the tent, I will settle the accounts with you tomorrow.” The old steward’s hands were already numb from the slapping; as he was old, he was having trouble breathing but his anger had also mostly dissipated.

The servants didn’t dare to go against this order, but before leaving all of them angrily looked at Fang Yuan, engraving his image in the depths of their hearts.

The old steward walked towards Fang Yuan and gave him the primeval stones, saying with an annoyed tone: “You got your primeval stones back, don’t lose them again. I won’t give a damn if you lose them again!”

Fang Yuan was sniffing and weeping, he seemed to be both moved and afraid: “Old steward, please safeguard these two primeval stones for me. I am afraid they will be snatched.”

Old steward was speechless for a while, before feeling a rush of excitement. Merchants were always be in danger, maybe one day Fang Yuan would be swallowed by the wild beasts, wouldn’t these two primeval stones be his then?

“Alright, I will take it upon myself to safeguard them for you.” The old steward said.

“Thank you old steward, you truly are a good person.” Fang Yuan repeatedly bowed and kept on expressing his thanks.

“Alright, alright, I am tired, you should go rest too.” The old steward waved his hand and impatiently walked away. As for where Fang Yuan slept, it wasn’t his concern.

“This Hei Tu is truly stupid.” The old steward sneered inwardly.

After everyone left, Fang Yuan’s expression turned back to normal.

“The wounds on your body are still bleeding, aren’t you going to treat them?” Bai Ning Bing came over.

“I still have use for them, let’s go.” Fang Yuan smiled.

…

Inside a tent, oil lamps were lit.

Shang Xin Ci was holding a book, when suddenly her brows slightly furrowed: “Xiao Die, did you hear that? It seemed like someone is crying for help?”

The servant girl called Xiao Die, was dozing off with her head slowly moving up and down. It wouldn’t be okay if she slept before the young lady.

Right now, she was startled awake. She leaned her ears to listen and immediately said: “Wah, someone is crying for help…”

“Who is crying so late in the night? Why is it you again!” Shang Xin Ci’s bodyguard Gu Master Zhang Zhu walked out and saw Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was slumped on the ground; snot and tears falling down.

“Get lost. I will kill you if you don’t get lost right this moment!” Zhang Zhu shouted, he didn’t have good impression of Fang Yuan.

“Uncle Zhang Zhu…” At this time, Shang Xin Ci and the servant girl walked out.

“How come it is you again, are you haunting us?!” The servant girl’s eyes were wide open when she saw Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan ignored them and only looked at Shang Xin Ci: “Zhang clan lady, my life has been harmed by you and only you can save me!”

“Tsk, you lunatic, what nonsense are you saying!” Zhang Zhu angrily shouted.

“Our young lady is very kind hearted, how could she harm you? Lady, let’s go, don’t pay attention to this lunatic.” The servant girl chided Fang Yuan.

Shang Xin Ci’s nature was such that she could never see other’s suffering and helplessness.

Fang Yuan’s blood soaked and wounded body had already won her sympathy. Now, with his words, if Shang Xin Ci didn’t get involved, she would definitely not be able to have a good sleep.

“You say you were harmed by me? What do you mean? Uncle Zhang Zhu, I have to trouble you to heal him first.” Shang Xin Ci said.

Although Zhang Zhu was not willing, he could only do as she said. He pushed his hands, a white ball of light entered Fang Yuan’s body; the bleeding immediately stopped and the wounds were gradually closing up.

Fang Yuan said: “It was those two primeval stones, the others were envious of it and snatched my primeval stones. I can’t fight them and could only ask the old steward to uphold justice. They have returned the primeval stones, but threatened that they will teach me a lesson and make my life worse than death!”

“So, it was like that.” Shang Xin Ci sighed when she heard this.

“You reap what you sow. Lady, we shouldn’t get involved with him. He clearly brought this upon himself, selling at such a high price, did he think everything would be fine?” Xiao Die rolled her eyes, showing her displeasure at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan continued: “I have discussed it with my companion, we can only rely on Lady Zhang. Otherwise, we will be killed by them, two lives will be lost!”

“It won’t go as far as killing…” Shang Xin Ci comforted Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan interrupted her: “Lady, you don’t know how dark it is here. They will plot against me during the beasts attacks. Maybe one day, I will be eaten by the wild beasts, but actually it was manipulated by them behind the scenes. Lady, I beg you to take us in your shelter, please save us!”

Shang Xin Ci hesitated, but she finally couldn’t bring herself to reject him, “Alright, I will temporarily take you guys in.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 239: Fei Hou mountain 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Miss, you can’t.” Zhang Zhu immediately said.

“Miss, our Zhang Clan’s group here has the least power in the whole caravan. If we take him in, no doubt we will offend another force. It’s not worth doing it for just two insignificant servants. Miss, even if not for yourself, think about our Zhang clan’s group here, or just think of those with you.” Zhang Zhu persuaded.

“This….” Shang Xin Ci was placed in a dilemma and couldn’t make a decision.

“What difficulty is there? Lady Zhang, I am only a hired hand of Chen family and am not their servant. Lady, if you are still feeling troubled, I have a way to solve it. You can tell the Chen clansmen that I and my companion offended you, and you want to punish us so you are imprisoning us. Chen clan definitely won’t offend you for us two mortals.” Fang Yuan said.

“That is a good idea!” Shang Xin Ci’s gaze brightened.

“Miss….” Zhang Zhu gave a helpless sigh, knowing he couldn’t persuade her anymore.

Fang Yuan immediately crawled up with a stick and bowed at Shang Xin Ci: “Miss Zhang, you are a good person. I will definitely repay you in the future!”

Shang Xin Ci shook her head: “I don’t need you to repay me. I will definitely help those who need my help to the best of my ability. Sleep in my camp tonight. Xiao Die, arrange a tent for them.”

“Yes, missy.” Xiao Die answered, unwillingly.

“Follow me. Don’t blame me if you get lost.” Xiao Die didn’t show Fang Yuan any hospitality, but led the way anyway.

Zhang Zhu’s brows furrowed deeper as he looked at Fang and Bai’s leaving figures.

He didn’t like these two from the depths of his heart, and at the same time he had to think of Shang Xin Ci’s safety as her bodyguard.

He decided to personally handle this matter.

This was a small tent with not much space inside.

However, Fang and Bai didn’t care. They had treated even the beast trapping trees as tents, much less this environment which was much better.

The two laid down in the dark tent.

Fang Yuan clasped his hands with Bai Ning Bing’s: “Everything will be okay, Bai Yun.”

Bai Ning Bing rolled her eyes, she knew Fang Yuan’s true intention. In the darkness, she transferred a portion of her snow silver primeval essence to Fang Yuan through her palm.

“Sleep early, luckily we met such a good person like Lady Zhang.” Fang Yuan closed his eyes the moment he finished saying this, and began cultivating secretly.

He was already rank two now; his primeval sea filled with red steel primeval essence. Although he could already use four flavors liquor worm, Bai Ning Bing’s snow silver primeval essence was no doubt much better.

To Fang Yuan, four flavors liquor worm had already lost its use with Bai Ning Bing here.

Snow silver primeval essence cleaned and refined the aperture, rapidly increasing Fang Yuan’s accumulation. He didn’t need to worry about his aura leaking out with the breath concealing Gu.

His disguise wasn’t likely to be broken unless he used the Gu worms outside of his body.

At present, breath concealing Gu had yet to truly walk onto the world stage. In his previous life, only after a hundred and fifty years, it was made popular by the hunting king Sun Gan. Within fifty years after that, in that great war that affected the whole Southern Border, breath concealing Gu was widely used and took the limelight.

In other words, according to Fang Yuan’s previous life, mankind would be conscious of guarding against the breath concealing Gu only after one hundred and fifty years. And after two hundred years, they would have methods and experience to respond against the breath concealing Gu.

Breath concealing Gu was a rank three Gu, this caravan didn’t have a rank four Gu Master and although there were many Gu Masters, why would they especially pay attention to ‘Hei Tu’ and ‘Bai Yun’, two ordinary people?

Fang Yuan immediately activated crocodile strength Gu after the portion of snow silver primeval essence was used up.

Bits of new strength was permanently added to his body. His skeleton was no longer white, but was like firm black iron. It was like a firm cornerstone, stably supporting the continuous increase in strength.

The night passed quietly.

The next day, at the crack of dawn when the sun had just risen, the whole camp was awake.

After a period of hustling and bustling, the caravan resumed its journey.

Zhang Zhu didn’t go directly to Chen clan, but rather made secret inquiries through his subordinates first.

There was indeed a fight yesterday night, and many had witnessed it.

As for Brother Qiang and his group, they had covered up the fact that Fang Yuan had beat them up; if it were to be known that so many of them couldn’t beat one Fang Yuan, they would lose all their face! How would they be able to go around then?

In fact, they had gone through everything yesterday and strung up false statements which they all agreed to; saying ‘they bullied the newcomer and Fang Yuan offered them primeval stones, but later he was indignant and looked for the old steward’.

After confirming the fight really happened, Zhang Zhu set out and found Chen clan’s head in the caravan.

This vice leader couldn’t help but ponder when he heard his two mortal subordinates offended Zhang Xin Ci and were detained.

Although he wouldn’t offend Zhang Clan because of two mortals, if he just readily compromised, Chen Clan’s prestige could fall. Moreover, he had some close people among the servants.

Thereupon, he inquired which two servants they were.

Chen clan’s vice leader was slightly surprised when he heard Zhang Zhu’s answer. He had some impressions of these two, he had let them enter because of the old village head’s request. But to think, they had screwed up on their first day.

According to him, Fang and Bai should be the old village head’s relatives, but so what?

The old village head was someone he enlightened and was someone under his control. Giving up these two would not mean anything to him. Moreover, they were the ones who had commited crimes, bringing troubles upon Chen Clan, even death would not be sufficient punishment.

As he thought of this, the vice leader had already decided to give up these two to resolve the conflict with Zhang Clan.

However, he put on a difficult expression: “Brother Zhang, I won’t conceal from you, our Chen Clan might not have enough manpower if you take those two. We can’t make our Gu Masters work and move the goods, right? How about this, I will call my steward over. He understands the situation, if there really is a scarcity in manpower, we might not be able to hand those two to you at the moment. We will temporarily keep them here and hand them to your Zhang Clan to deal with after we get new workers in the next village.”

“That works.” Zhang Zhu nodded his head.

Vice leader couldn’t help but reveal a smile. Like this, there wouldn’t be any gossips and rumors saying Chen Clan was afraid of Zhang Clan.

The old steward was somewhat nervous when he was called over: Did I make some mistake?

However, when he was clear of the situation, he suddenly felt alive.

This was a heaven sent opportunity!

These two are really out of luck, falling into Zhang Clan’s hands. Die, both of you die, then those two primeval stones would be mine.

Thinking of this, the old steward immediately slapped his chest and guaranteed that there were no issues with the manpower.

Even if there were to be some issues, he was determined to stake out his weary aged body to personally move goods, for those two primeval stones!

Now, the dust had already settled regarding this matter.

Zhang Zhu bade his farewell; his heart, however, felt stuffed.

In the coming dozen or so days, Fang and Bai worked during the day and cultivated during night.

The caravan had already left Zi You mountain far behind and was now in Fei Hou mountain region.

Fang Yuan knew the farther they were from Zi You mountain, more concealed his identity would be and thus, more safety.

Through these few days of cultivating, he had gained half a crocodile’s strength. Unfortunately, a lot of bone spear Gu had starved to death; the amount of milk spring on him was less than sufficient, he could only give up some to feed the remaining Gu worms.

Fang Yuan felt heartache due to this. Although he wouldn’t use these Gu, they could have been sold.

He planned to purchase a set of Gu worms in the Shang clan city. This required a great amount of primeval stones. He could use the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus to produce dozens of primeval stones daily, but he couldn’t use it in the caravan so as to prevent his identity from being revealed.

Hence, he needed to get Shang Xin Ci in his grasp even more.

She would become one of the young masters once they reached Shang Clan, this would make Fang Yuan’s trip in Shang clan city extremely convenient.

Of course, the premise was that he not only needed to get close to Shang Xin Ci, but also gain her trust.

The forest in the mountain was dark and mysterious with fog lingering around the air.

The caravan slowly moved through the narrow mountain passage, and as they travelled further, the fog became denser, the range of their sights shrunk till they could only see within ten steps.

Fei Hou mountain was covered with fog, Fang and Bai would need to go through great troubles if they had travelled by themselves. However, they were in a caravan now, and there naturally were investigative Gu Masters.

Suddenly, there was some sort of clamor in front of them; the caravan stopped.

“What’s happening?”

“There is trouble.”

“Monkey groups are blocking our path!”

In moments, most of the people in the caravan began discussing, but none of them were surprised.

Fei Hou mountain was ruled by monkeys, there were too many monkeys to count. Caravans passing through this place, would be blocked by the monkey groups and robbed. Anyone who had some experience and knowledge, would not feel surprised at this.

“Monkeys of the Fei Hou mountain? Hehe, I have read about them in the books… to think I could personally see them today.” Bai Ning Bing softly said with a hint of excitement.

Initially, when the caravans had first passed through Fei Hou mountain, they had a huge fight with the monkey groups, they killed waves after waves of monkeys but the monkey groups appeared again and again. Finally, the caravans were either annihilated or had to retreat in defeat.

Fei Hou mountain was once known as a forbidden and unpassable land for merchants.

If it were other mountain ranges, the different wild beasts kept each other in check, and there would be a gap to pass through. However, there were only bandit monkeys in Fei Hou mountain. They lived together, and although there were fights between monkey groups, all the bandit monkeys would unite if they came across an external enemy.

Such strength was not something a caravan could rival.

Even a large scale clan might not be able to purge all these monkey groups.

This was until the ‘Sky Crown Marquis’ appeared.

This was a rank five Gu Master of the righteous path. He travelled deep into Fei Hou mountain until he reached the peak, and using a monkey language Gu, he came to an agreement with the monkey emperor.

Everything changed thereafter.

A trade route opened through Fei Hou mountain for the first time.

Now, this trade route was one of the three most important trade routes of Southern Border, connecting east and west, its importance was self-evident.

“These damn monkeys appeared again. They are blocking up our path, you all know the rules. I will tell you bluntly, anyone who breaks the rules and implicates us, my Jia clan will not let them off!” The caravan leader shouted, coldly.

“Of course.”

“Brother Jia Long is right, everything should be done according to the rules.”

“Anyone that wants to take advantage will be driven out of the caravan!”

Other vice leaders went along with Jia Long.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 240: Arm Wrestling 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bandit monkeys were very strong and were as big as an elephant. Mature bandit monkey could reach ten meters of height and had bulging muscles all over their body. Their arms were over two times thicker than their legs and their tails were like iron rods, capable of pulverizing rocks.

The fur of bandit monkeys were golden with black tiger stripes covering their body. What was peculiar was the fur from their waist grew out naturally to cover the crotch and the butt area, just like a leather skirt.

Howl!

The monkey king of this bandit monkey group, suddenly opened its large mouth and gave a loud howl.

Its howl were as forceful as lions and tigers.

Houuuuuuuuu!

The monkey king’s howl was answered by the other monkeys.

The howls created soundwaves which engulfed the surroundings, scattering the winds and clouds along with the dense white fog.

Within seconds, everyone’s sights broadened and only then did they realize both sides of the passageway were filled with bandit monkeys; over a thousand bandit monkeys had surrounded the caravan.

They were enormous, the same size as the trees. Some young trees could only reach upto their waists.

In front of the caravan was the monkey king who had an even larger physique, and was boldly sitting on a stone bench. A gray stone wine jar that was as big as a water tank, was lying on its side, giving off a dense fragrance of alcohol.

The monkey king stopped after howling once, but the other bandit monkeys were still howling without stop.

This instead enhanced the monkey king’s majesty.

Its eyes were sharp and bright, its gaze tranquil as it sat there without moving. In contrast, those ordinary bandit monkeys were getting restless as they stared at the caravan’s goods, itching to have a go.

Wild beasts like monkey, fox and wolves possessed intelligence.

This bandit monkey king’s intelligence might only be equal to three year old child and wasn’t at the level of cunning lightning wolf, but it was enough for it communicate.

The leader of the caravan, Jia Long, narrowed his eyes at the monkey king and suddenly said: “Jia Yong, go.”

“Yes, chief.” Jia Yong stood up.

He was tall and fat, especially with his bulging stomach, but he was actually rather robust.

He was defensive Gu Master and his lifebound Gu was water armor Gu. He was a rank two Gu Master and was specialized in fighting in water. Once, when he was swimming in a river, he luckily encountered a boat-sized tortoise and killed it, obtaining a tortoise strength Gu from its body. After he used it, he was able to permanently gain the strength of a tortoise.

The monkey groups howled even more fiercely when they saw Jia Yong coming closer, their voices shaking the whole forest.

Jia Yong had a solemn expression as he lifted his sleeves and stood in front of the monkey king.

The monkey king was enormous and even while sitting, it was still taller than Jia Yong by a head.

It looked at Jia Yong and howled; several bandit monkeys immediately brought a stone table while panting hard.

The stone table was as large as a bed and was extremely heavy, producing a muffled sound as it landed on the ground.

Another two bandit monkeys came over and moved a stone stool, placing it in front of the monkey king.

The monkey king slammed at the stone table, the sounds produced was as if he had beaten a large drum.

Jia Yong gulped a mouthful of saliva and sat down. He placed his right elbow on the table and extended his forearm.

The monkey king similarly extended his left hand; two palms tightly grasped each other.

Beside the table was an elderly female bandit monkey who suddenly shouted.

Jia Yong and the monkey king heard the signal and immediately put strength in their arms, starting this uncommon style of strength contest.

Bandit monkeys respected strength and arm wrestling was their main social activity. Young monkeys could arm wrestle immediately after being born. Arm wrestling was not only a game for bandit monkeys, it was also commonly used method to resolve disputes.

In the past, the righteous Gu Master Sky Crown Marquis was only a rank five Gu Master, he naturally wasn’t able to slaughter the mountain with this strength. It was this armwrestling custom of the bandit monkeys he used to reach the peak of the bandit monkey mountain and win against the monkey emperor. He was then able to obtain the monkey groups’ approval and came to an agreement, opening the trade route.

From then on, any caravans that were passing through Fei Hou mountain would follow this agreement and arm wrestle with the bandit monkeys.

If they won, they would obtain the bandit monkeys’ approval and be able to pass without paying the toll. If they lost, they would have to let the monkey group take a portion of their goods.

With this, the caravans could carry out their business and the bandit monkeys were also happy to be able to get benefits.

As the years went by and the caravans abided by the agreement, the trade route began to gradually flourish, and the agreement also gradually stabilized.

Jia Yong, sitting opposite the monkey king, was flushed red, his expression was twisted as he was already using all his strength.

However, he still couldn’t resist the monkey king’s strength, and his arm began to gradually incline to the side until finally the monkey king’s arm slammed Jia Yong’s arm to the table.

Victory!

Monkey king stood up and excitedly beat his chest with his fists.

The rest of the monkeys were howling and screeching; the noise was frightening.

Jia Yong walked back to the caravan with his head lowered. The bandit monkeys teased and taunted him while he was walking back – some lifted their leather skirt, showing their butts at Jia Yong; some made faces; and some shook their fingers at him.

“To think there would be a day where I am ridiculed by a bunch of beasts…” Jia Yong gave a helpless sigh with a bitter smile on his face.

Jia Long showed no expression, and just raised his hand.

Jia Clan’s troops began to move forward, the monkeys flocked towards them and began to wantonly take goods from the wagons.

Jia Clan had already made careful considerations; they covered the high quality coal stones with a layer of colorful and gorgeous silk and thin fabric. The monkeys were all attracted by these colorful cloth, and let go of the more valuable ash-grey high quality coal stones.

The monkeys were very happy with their choices, playing around with the cloths. Many wrapped the cloth around their arms, waists and even draped the cloth over their shoulders; the whole scene was noisy and chaotic.

“Where is Jia Ping?” Jia Long shouted with a heavy voice.

Jia Ping slowly walked out, his body was starkly in contrast to Jia Yong, he was thin as stick and looked extremely fragile.

“I will avenge you.” He patted Jia Yong’s shoulder as he walked past him.

“This will naturally be easily over with Brother Jia Ping making a move.” Jia Yong cupped his hands and gave a forced smile.

Jia clansmen let out a breath of relief upon seeing Jia Ping moving out; their expressions clearly easing up.

The bandit monkeys let out odd yells when they saw Jia Ping’s physique, their gazes filled with contempt and disdain.

Monkey King was already sitting down, he indifferently lifted the wine jar and drank a mouthful of monkey wine.

“They are indeed animals, judging people by appearances.” Jia Long sneered.

Jia Ping looked weak, but actually possessed strength of two bears. It was just that he used tendon coiling Gu which intertwined his whole muscles and tendons just like tree roots, and thus compressing his muscles.

Jia Ping sat down and stretched his arm.

His arm wasn’t even a quarter of the monkey king’s arm. However, after they started, the deadlock only lasted a moment before the monkey king was defeated.

Instantly, the howls and screeches of the monkeys stopped.

The monkey king’s eyes were opened as wide as saucers, revealing an incredulous expression.

Jia Long chuckled and waved his hand, signalling the troop to continue moving.

The monkeys that were blocking the path automatically made a way and didn’t make any moves. When a portion of Jia clan’s troops moved forward, the monkeys howled and again blocked the path.

The monkey king wasn’t convinced in its loss as it slammed the stone table and challenged Jia Ping.

Jia Ping had a smile on his face as he gained another victory.

“Everyone, I am going to move first.” Jia Long cupped his hands and after calling out to the others, the Jia clan’s troops and wagons passed through the checkpoint.

“Alright, next it is my Lin Clan’s turn. Lin Dong!” Lin clan’s vice leader shouted.

The others didn’t argue, they had already discussed the order of the caravan.

Time continued to pass and parts of the caravan had also moved forward.

To pass through the Fei Hou mountain and decrease the losses to the minimum, all the great clans nurtured a lot of specific Gu Masters.

Ox strength, Tiger strength, Elephant strength, Python strength, Horse strength… the Gu Masters possessing these went to compete, each showing their talents; some lost and some won.

Most of the people had passed through the checkpoint. Finally, it was Zhang Clan’s turn.

Zhang Zhu didn’t look good, he was a healing Gu Master and wasn’t good at strength aspect.

Moreover, when arm wrestling with the monkey king, one could only use their strength and not the Gu worms. If they were discovered to have cheated by using Gu worms, they would be attacked and killed by the monkey groups.

The troops Zhang clan brought in this caravan didn’t have any other Gu Masters except him, a rank three Gu Master. Thus, they were the weakest in strength in the whole caravan.

Shang Xin Ci did not have an easy life in Zhang Clan, and was shunted aside for being an illegitimate child. The situation had become worse after her mother died of illness.

In light of her mother’s will, Shang Xin Ci sold the family assets and organized this caravan.

Most of Zhang Clan’s people looked forward to this disgrace of the clan dying outside. Thus, they didn’t send any Gu Masters to reinforce her.

“Uncle Zhang Zhu doesn’t need to worry too much, they are nothing more than goods, it is okay as long as people are safe.” Shang Xin Ci had a delicate heart, she softly consoled Zhang Zhu when she noticed his expression.

“The only one remaining is Zhang Clan.”

“Tsk, tsk no need to watch, they are sure to lose. I am quite familiar with that Zhang Zhu.”

“It is said that Zhang Clan’s girl organized this merchant group by herself. Hence, there is only Zhang Zhu to put up a front.

Many Gu Master stood behind the checkpoint, waiting to see a good show.

They had all, more or less, lost some goods, their mood were naturally not too good.

Comparison produces happiness, the unlucky people often felt relieved by seeing a more unlucky person.

Many were looking at Zhang Clan, trying to find comfort in their hearts.

“Goods can be lost, only lives are truly important. Uncle Zhang Zhu, you don’t need to go, we will just let these monkey groups take the goods.” Shang Xin Ci said.

” Sigh , miss, you don’t know. We can’t pass through without competing, these monkeys are very obstinate, we must arm wrestle. Miss, we can lose but we can’t let others belittle us. I will go!” Zhang Zhu cupped his hands and forced himself to walk out.

“Wait, wait!” Right at this time, Fang Yuan walked out of the crowd.

“Miss Zhang, you are my benefactor. Let me be the one to go.” He cupped his hands and said to Shang Xin Ci.

“You?” The servant girl Xiao Die rolled her eyes, “You are not a Gu Master, don’t add trouble at this time of crisis!”

Shang Xin Ci smiled: “Hei Tu, I have received your intention. This isn’t a joke, the monkey king has great strength, didn’t you see some of those Gu Masters’ arms fractured?”

“Miss, even if my arms fracture, I will repay you.” Fang Yuan persevered.

“You, how can you be like this, not knowing your limitations. If your arm gets fractured, wouldn’t it be my missy who has to waste time healing you?” Xiao Die waved her hand in disgust, “Don’t stir trouble.”

“Lady Zhang, you don’t know, I have always had extraordinary strength since young, even adults didn’t have as much strength as me when I was a kid. I must go this time!” Fang Yuan then turned and walked towards the monkey king.

“Hei Tu!” Shang Xin Ci wanted to stop him, but was stopped by Zhang Zhu.

“Miss, he is not a moron, he definitely has some confidence. Sometimes, we need to believe in others.” Zhang Zhu persuaded.

In fact, he had no faith in Fang Yuan. He only thought this would teach a good lesson to these mortals who had brought him trouble.

“Eh, look, Zhang Clan actually sent out a servant!”

“Haha, Zhang Clan has no people left, they are sending out a servant to lose face?”

Fang Yuan’s figure soon attracted the attention of the others.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 241: Huang Jin mountain 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“It is him, hehe, heaven has opened its eyes.” Brother Qiang and his group’s gazes turned bright with excitement upon Fang Yuan’s figure.

“I can’t wait to see his arm break.”

“Lady Zhang is kind, he wasn’t put to execution even after offending the Zhang Clan. It turns out they were waiting to send him here.”

Fang Yuan walked slowly towards the stone table and directly sat down.

The monkey king gazed at him, then stretched its arm.

The two sides clasped their palms together and began the contest under countless gazes.

The monkey king exerted its strength, but Fang Yuan’s arm was like it was made from steel and didn’t budge even a little.

The monkey king’s pupils shrunk, revealing a hint of astonishment; this was the strongest human it had met in its life!

Fang Yuan inwardly laughed: I could defeat this monkey king even when I only possessed strength of two boars, let alone now when my strength has increased by half of a crocodile’s strength.

The monkey king had already gone through many rounds before and it was already lacking in strength now. One could say, this situation was of an absolute victory to Fang Yuan.

“This monkey king doesn’t have enormous strength. Before, those Gu Masters who possessed strength of a bear or strength of a horse had ended up losing to it, it wasn’t because their strength was inferior to the monkey king’s, but rather because they couldn’t bring out all their strength in arm wrestling.”

In fact, all strength type Gu like bear strength, horse strength, rabbit strength, fish strength, tortoise strength, crocodile strength, were different.

This difference wasn’t only in the amount of their strength, but was more on their fields of expertise..

Bear strength for smacking, horse strength for galloping, rabbit strength for jumping, tortoise strength for endurance, crocodile strength for biting. They each had their own fields of expertise.

In other words, in certain situations, some types of powers could be utilized to their maximum effects.

As for arm wrestling, it focused on the strength of arms.

The bandit monkeys were experts regarding this. One could tell just from looking at their physique, with their upper limbs being over two time thicker than their lower limbs. They could arm wrestle from their birth, possessing the foundation of strength training.

If the armwrestling was change to another form of contest, many of the defeated Gu Masters might be able to win against the bandit monkey king.

From this, one could derive that every power possessed their own unique points, and they couldn’t simply be differentiated by looking at the amount of their strength.

“Take humans for example, a punch would definitely be weaker than a kick. Under normal condition, a person cannot use all their strength. I have strength of two boars, half of a crocodile’s strength and my own strength, but it is impossible for my arm wrestling strength to match theirs. Of course, concentrating all of one’s strength in one movement is not impossible. One would need that legendary Gu worm…”

Fang Yuan couldn’t display his true strength in arm wrestling, but he was someone with very deep foundations, and could guarantee his victory.

However, he couldn’t make it blatantly obvious. Hence, he intentionally revealed a strained expression, his arms shaking as he maintained the deadlock with the monkey king.

Slowly, his arm pushed down on monkey king’s.

When the contest ended, almost everyone was stumped.

“He actually won!”

“This guy has innate divine strength!”

The human groups were in an uproar, their surprised gasps spreading to others.

“Inquire about this guy. We need to immediately recruit him if possible!” The heads of main clans felt a rush of excitement.

Compared to the Gu Masters who they could only nurture after investing large amounts of funds, Fang Yuan’s quality to price ratio was much higher.

They could use him without any investment, and bring in profits for their caravan.

“Zhang Clan’s luck is good, picking up such a treasure.” Instantly, many Gu Masters’ gazes towards the Zhang Clan contained some envy.

“No wonder we couldn’t beat him!” Brother Qiang and his group were speechless.

“This is a monster.”

“Now that I think of it, I am really lucky to not have been beaten to death by him.”

As this group of servants thought back, they were immediately filled with afterfear.

They had previously still been looking to take revenge against Fang Yuan, but now looking at this sight, all their hopes of revenge were gone. On the contrary, they became worried that Fang Yuan would look for trouble for them in future.

Chen Clan’s old steward’s expression looked ugly.

“To think this idiot actually had such brute strength. What bad luck… now if only the vice leader doesn’t blame me…” He cautiously glanced at the Clen Clan’s vice leader.

Chen Clan’s vice leader was frowning, he was thinking of much more.

He started to doubt Zhang Clan’s intention. Was demanding for those two a trap? Did they see this servant’s worth and intentionally kept him, then came to demand for them?

The more he thought, the more reasonable he felt his thoughts were; he couldn’t help snorting coldly. Anyone who felt he was played with and cheated, wouldn’t have a good mood.

But the mistake was already done, he could only pinch his nose and endure this bad luck.

“Am I seeing things?” The servant girl Xiao Die covered her mouth; she was speechless at this result.

Worry disappeared from Shang Xin Ci’s face, and was replaced by a smile.

“Let’s go.” Zhang Zhu waved at the troops to move ahead with a complex look on his eyes.

Fang Yuan won, allowing Zhang clan’s caravan to pass through this checkpoint.

Fang Yuan won two rounds straight; the Zhang clan’s caravan were able to pass through most of the path. At the third round, Fang Yuan intentionally lost to keep up his disguise, resulting in many goods being taken out of Zhang clan’s wagons.

Even so, Fang Yuan’s performance was enough to make others see him in a whole new light.

He received a warm welcome back at the caravan.

“Lady Zhang, I have finished my mission.” He cupped his hands to Shang Xin Ci.

Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes shone as she sized up Fang Yuan again, and said with a gentle voice: “My mother said to never judge people by their appearances, and Hei Tu, you have given me a live example. I am really thankful to you, this is one hundred and fifty primeval stones as my thanks to you.”

“One hundred and fifty primeval stones?” The servant girl Xiao Die was startled, “Miss, what are you doing giving him so much!?”

Fang Yuan backed a step and righteously declined: “Lady, I did it to repay your kindness and not for these primeval stones. Please take them back, I can’t take this reward.”

Xiao Die immediately agreed: “Miss, look he doesn’t want it, it is better if you put it away.”

Shang Xin Ci, however, insisted: “This isn’t a reward, but a gift of thanks, my thanks to you.”

Fang Yuan showed a righteous expression and said with a solemn tone: “Let alone this one hundred and fifty primeval stones, even if it was one thousand primeval stones, I don’t want them. Lady Zhang, I may only be a mortal, but please don’t humiliate me!”

“This…” Shang Xin Ci was helpless against such remark and could only put the primeval stones back.

“Hmph, you know how to be tactful.” Xiao Die quirked her mouth.

Zhang Zhu remained silent, his gaze turning more complicated.

“The favor of repaying life is hard to repay. Please let me use my strength for you.” Fang Yuan cupped his hands.

There were numerous monkey groups in bandit monkey mountain and every so often along the trade route, there would be some monkey groups who would occupy the area and set a checkpoint.

Fang Yuan repeatedly went to compete with them, and under his deliberate performance, he lost some and won some.

Caravans moved and stopped continuously, spending over twenty days in bandit monkey mountain before they got out of this tall mountain.

The goods in the caravans had decreased by almost half by now. The mood couldn’t help being low.

Zhang Clan was the only one that was happy.

Because of Fang Yuan’s strength, their losses were far less than their previous estimations.

Fang Yuan became famous and a many clans sent their servants to visit him.

They all wanted to recruit Fang Yuan and gave attractive terms, but Fang Yuan refused all of them and stayed with Zhang Clan.

“You have some conscience, kid. You didn’t waste missy’s kindness.” Xiao Die’s attitude towards Fang Yuan had changed.

This servant girl said whatever she thought and wasn’t shrewd, but whatever her attitude is, it was never in Fang Yuan’s considerations. Fang Yuan only cared about Shang Xin Ci and her guard Zhang Zhu.

Shang Xin Ci was gentle and kind, but also very smart. The Gu Master Zhang Zhu was very experienced and prudent.

Fang Yuan even felt that Zhang Zhu was already beginning to suspect him.

In private, Bai Ning Bing also reminded Fang Yuan: “Refusing that hundred and fifty primeval stones was a mistake. With your current identity, how could your heart not be moved by such a huge sum? For cautiousness, we should stop cultivation for some time to guard against Zhang Zhu’s secret investigation.”

However, Fang Yuan refused this suggestion and still cultivated non-stop every night.

Bai Ning Bing also cooperated. She held an indifferent attitude towards her identity being exposed, in fact, she was more willing to see Fang Yuan’s defeat.

Snow silver primeval essence gave an enormous help to Fang Yuan, his cultivation speed was rising as if it had grown wings.

On the night they had officially left Fei Hou mountain’s region, Fang Yuan advanced from rank two initial stage to middle stage.

By the time, the travel-worn caravan arrived at the base of Huang Jin mountain, Fang Yuan was finished with the crocodile strength Gu, his strength permanently increasing by the strength of a crocodile.

Huang Jin mountain possessed a lot of gold mines. Its soil contained abundant gold, and one could even obtain dozens of granules of gold if they scooped the water from the mountain streams and filtered the sediments.

In day, when the sun shone upon the Huang Jin mountain, the mountain would often reflect a layer of hazy golden light. The scene of the mountain surrounded by the light was a glorious beauty.

If this Huang Jin mountain was to be on Earth, there would definitely be bloody fights and wars for it. However, in this world, the currency used was the primeval stone, and gold was reduced to just a type of metal mineral – its greatest use was as a material for refining Gu.

There were two clans located in Huang Jin Mountain.

In the southern side of the mountain was Huang village; and in the northern side was Jin village.

A mountain can’t hold two tigers. One could infer from Qing Mao mountain that the relation between Huang and Jin clan was not harmonious.

The caravan’s arrival would naturally be welcomed by both the clans. However, the notice from the two clans arrived — the caravan could only choose one clan. If they chose Huang clan, they couldn’t go to Jin clan and the same went for opposite.

There were many people in caravan with many things to do, thus there was always a large flow of traffic. There were notorious records of the two clans attacking each other with the help of caravans, thus they laid down strict orders.

The heads of the caravans had different opinions about choosing which clans to go.

They had their own needs and considerations, and so after discussing with each other, this coagglomeration of caravans divided into two; the two groups would go separately to the two clans.

Of course, they couldn’t enter the village, most of the troops could only station around the village.

After this was settled, Zhang Zhu privately looked for Shang Xin Ci: “I have secretly investigated for many days; Hei Tu and Bai Yun are very suspicious, I suggest we evict them from our group!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 242: Common understanding between smart people 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Suspicious?” Shang Xin Ci’s gaze flickered under her thick eyelashes.

Zhang Zhu nodded and said solemnly: “In fact, I had my doubts about them ever since we entered Fei Hou mountain. Miss, you gave them a hundred and fifty primeval stones, but they weren’t moved at all by such a huge sum. This really makes one ponder.”

He paused for a moment and continued: “I have been secretly investigating them these days, and found even more suspicious points. First of all, they have little to no communication with the servants around them, as if they were wishing to be invisible. Second, they refused the recruitment offers of many clans, even though the terms were excellent.”

“Miss, do you still remember his appearance when he came to ask help from us that night? Hei Tu, that guy has such powerful strength, how could he be wounded by others into such state? And finally, from my observation, his companion is wearing male clothing, but is actually a woman!”

The camp was filled with silence.

After a long while, Shang Xin Ci smiled: “Powerful strength doesn’t mean he can definitely win against others, right? Two fists can’t rival four palms , Hei Tu getting wounded was normal. Actually, I know about all these suspicious point you spoke of.”

Zhang Zhu wasn’t surprised at all, he understood Shang Xin Ci and knew of her intelligence.

“Miss….”

Shang Xin Ci blinked, her face containing a gentle and charming smile: “Uncle Zhang Zhu, you have felt stifled for so many days, right? Seeing that I didn’t take actions to deal with this, you came to remind me today.”

Zhang Zhu smiled: “I can’t conceal anything from you. But why are you still keeping them by your side?”

“Because I felt no ill intent from them.” Shang Xin Ci’s eyes shone with a wise light, “We became suspicious of them at the Fei Hou mountain, and if they hadn’t stood up at that time, we wouldn’t have been able to feel any suspicion. But, why did they still take a risk, wasn’t it to help me?”

“This…”

“If they had harbored treacherous schemes, they would definitely stay hidden and watch the show from the side, right? Or maybe receive that one hundred and fifty primeval stones. But they didn’t. When Hei Tu said he was repaying my kindness, his expression was sincere and I could tell that he was speaking the truth. He really wanted to repay this favor.” Shang Xin Ci said.

Zhang Zhu was tongue-tied for a long while: “But they aren’t simple, they definitely have secrets.”

A smile blossomed in Shang Xin Ci’s face like a flower: “Everyone has secrets, I also have them, does having secrets make one a bad person? This world is bright, as someone who knows how to repay kindness, there has to be a limit to how bad he can be right?”

“That might be so but I can’t help but wonder what their motives are. Maybe they are plotting something… wait, I know, they must be accomplices of some bandits. They joined the caravan and are planning to rob it by cooperating with demonic path figures!”

“That doesn’t make sense.” Shang Xin Ci shook her head, “If they were accomplices, they should have even more reason to stay hidden, why would they expose themselves in Fei Hou mountain. So many people tried to recruit them, they could just join other groups and it wouldn’t be any less easier to hide themselves. Why did they decide to stick with us? I feel they have definitely been through some suffering. We helped them and they are repaying us. Now, they want to hide their identities, I think we should help them…”

Zhang Zhu sighed while shaking his head: “Miss, why are you always thinking about others? One must know to guard against others…”

“Uncle Zhang Zhu.” Shang Xin Ci said, “If we are really robbed, please don’t go fight to protect the goods. If the goods are gone, then they are gone, it is not a big problem. My mother’s final wish was for me to bring a token to someone in Shang clan city. However, she also said if that person didn’t accept us, we should continue living through these goods.”

“My mother passed away swiftly, she didn’t manage to convey who is the person I am supposed to look for. But I think wealth are just worldly possessions. Mother has already left me, you and Xiao Die are my only remaining relatives. I don’t want to see you guys meeting any mishaps.”

“Miss, never say that…” Zhang Zhu’s eyes were red with emotions.

“Come, take a look, honest and real Shenjia Silk!”

“All kinds of fine liquors, I welcome everyone to taste them.”

“Golden Qi Gu, selling for just fifty primeval stones!”

 …

The temporary market was a hubbub of conversations and hawkers selling out their wares as people moved to and fro.

Whenever a caravan by, it would be like a festive moment for the clans.

In the temporary market, not only the caravan was selling their wares, some Jin clansmen were also selling their goods.

The goods they were selling were mainly golden statues or tools; there were pots, cups, ladles and basins. Their profound sculpting skills were shown in the lifelike statues of animals and people. And with red, green, yellow and blue gems or pearls as complements, the statues looked even more exquisite.

Huang Jin mountain was a place blessed by heavens with gold found everywhere in it.

The people living here, even the poor slaves were wearing some accessories like golden rings and golden necklaces.

Hairpins, earrings and bracelets worn by many girls were shining with golden luster, looking very beautiful. They were chatting with each other in groups in beautiful voices which was fresh and innocent.

As for the Gu Masters of the Jin clan, their uniforms were similar to Qing Mao mountain’s; Short sleeves, long pants, belts, leg wrappings and green bamboo shoes.

It was just that some were using golden rope as leg wrappings. Belts, cloth cuffs or pants, were all rimmed in gold. This was Huang Jin mountain’s characteristic.

The clans of the Southern Border had basically the same attires. The demonic Gu Masters, however, wore all sorts of bizarre dresses.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were moving through the crowd. They had already bought some cow and goat milk from three to four Jin clansmen.

Fang Yuan had tried his best to feed all the bone spear Gu. But even so, two-third of the bone spear Gu were already dead from starvation.

“Aren’t you afraid your such big reckless purchasing will expose our identities?” Bai Ning Bing expressed his doubt.

“As long as one uses disguise, they will definitely be exposed one day. I don’t have a thing to worry about, but you, you have too big of a flaw.” Fang Yuan glanced at Bai Ning Bing and said.

Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, she knew what her flaw was: her gender.

Even the old lady at the hamlet could see it. Women and men have physiological differences, this could be disguised, but that required a special Gu worm which Bai Ning Bing didn’t have.

Thus, even if she was wearing loose clothes, covering her face with a straw hat, smearing her body with ash and binding her chest, her gender would no doubt be revealed as time passed by.

Fang Yuan continued: “So, rather than cover the truth, it would be better to reveal some things on our own initiative and let the others set their minds at rest, thinking they have seen through us and have the situation in their control.”

Exposing oneself was not always a bad thing. One could only receive trust when they revealed their identities.

Fang Yuan couldn’t reveal his cards by himself, doing so would be too unnatural and not be in harmony with their previous behaviour.

Only when the other side discovered and probed, could Fang Yuan take the opportunity to conveniently reveal some stuff.

Bai Ning Bing understood: “So you are intentionally waiting for them to discover before responding?”

“You have finally become smart.”

“Hmph!”

However, three days passed by and the response and probing Fang Yuan expected had still not arrived.

Bai Ning Bing finally got the opportunity to take a dig at Fang Yuan: “So you also have times when you are wrong.”

Fang Yuan snorted while pondering inwardly: “I could see from Zhang Zhu’s expression and manners that he was already suspicious of us. He didn’t go into it deeply and restrained himself, most likely because there could be danger at any time on the road. But now that the caravan has arrived at Jin clan, the situation is very safe and he should have already begun his probing. Unless…”

Shang Xin Ci’s figure appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.

“Truly smart and also bold. She’s mostly likely the one that stopped Zhang Zhu. It’s a little problematic, seems like being too smart can also be a problem.” Fang Yuan heaved a sigh.

Shang Xin Ci’s gentleness and kindness had made a deep impact on him, making him slightly underestimate this girl’s intelligence.

Shang Xin Ci wanted to reach an understanding between smart people with Fang Yuan, she was clearly trying to play dumb. However, Fang Yuan had a different motive and this layer of understanding had instead turned into an obstacle.

“Since it is so, I will just take the initiative.” Fang Yuan sighed and went to find Shang Xin Ci.

“You want to form a partnership with me?” Inside a tent, Shang Xin Ci and Zhang Zhu were wearing surprised expressions when Fang Yuan revealed his intentions.

They hadn’t gone to look for these two, but these two instead came knocking on their door!

This was slightly beyond the young girl’s expectations.

Zhang Zhu’s mind shook: “You finally showed your true colors? Partnership… hmph!”

“Lady Zhang, I am a bit ashamed to say it, but we need primeval stones and I regard myself to be somewhat knowledgeable about merchants. I want to borrow a batch of goods, and we will divide the profits we earn in half, how about it?” Fang Yuan slightly bowed his body, appearing neither servile nor overbearing.

“You don’t have any primeval stones and are as poor as a mouse, yet you want to borrow the chicken that lays egg? You are overconfident!” Zhang Zhu’s gaze carried a cold light, “Why do you think you will definitely earn profits? And on what basis do you think our Zhang clan will lend the goods to you?”

“There will naturally be profits and losses in business. I also can’t guarantee the profits. As to your second question, I think Lady Zhang is a good person and should lend the goods to me, right? You wanted to ask of my reason, I can only answer you that it is this feeling. If this feeling is wrong, then please consider this matter never happened.” Fang Yuan answered with a smile.

He was one ear less and his whole body was covered with burns, making him appear terrifying when he smiled.

However, Shang Xin Ci looked at him and saw in him, a kind of confidence, decisiveness and a radiance of careful planning. This radiance emitted a different type of charisma, penetrating through the ugly appearance.

“Interesting, it seems he also sensed our suspicions, so he wanted to reach a tacit understanding with me?” Shang Xin Ci’s gaze continued to flash.

After a short while, she laughed.

This kind of ‘frank’ communication style made her feel an indescribable safety and also a feeling of freshness.

“If you hadn’t been there, there wouldn’t even be a quarter of goods remaining, they would have already been snatched by those monkeys in Fei Hou mountain. Since you have this notion, I will hand over these goods to you.” She said.

If the servant girl Xiao Die were here, she might have started making a big fuss.

Fang Yuan showed an expression of being in a daze for a while, before he bowed to show his thanks.

“Miss, this…” When Fang Yuan left the tent, Zhang Zhu couldn’t endure it any more.

Shang Xin Ci blinked mischievously like a child: “Isn’t this interesting? Did you hear what he said just now, he hadn’t even started on the business, but was already talking of sharing the profits in half. His tone was as if the profits were certain…”

“Hmph, he is but a boor, how much talent could he have?” Zhang Zhu disdainfully scoffed, “If we talk about business talent, who could compare to miss? I still remember how you have managed the properties all these years and expanded them. If it were not for the envy of those petty people in Zhang Clan…”

“Alright, what is the use of talking about the past? Since Uncle Zhang Zhu believes in my talent, then you should trust me. Even if Hei Tu squanders these goods, I could still rebuild the business from scratch, isn’t that right?” Shang Xin Ci said.

“Of course!” Zhang Zhu said without hesitation.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 243: Benefits sent towards oneself 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“There are so much goods, it won’t be cheap. It’ll require at least fifty thousand primeval stones.” Jin clan’s Gu Master looked at Fang Yuan in suspicion.

After getting approval from Shang Xin Ci, Fang Yuan immediately found a few Jin clan Gu Masters, this was already the sixth.

“I do not have primeval stones.” Fang Yuan shook his head: “But I can use my goods to exchange for yours.”

“Exchange?” The Gu Master’s eyebrows rose. He was not surprised as it was common to barter, especially in the caravan.

To him, there was no loss in bartering as long as the value was about the same.

“What will you use to exchange?”

Fang Yuan brought him to the goods immediately.

Jin clan’s Gu Master frowned: “Your goods are cheaper than mine.”

“But you can get a good price for it on this Huang Jin mountain, am I wrong?” Fang Yuan laughed.

Jin clan Gu Master frowned even deeper: “If the price is set too high, we won’t be able to sell it.”

“Then sell it slowly, it’ll be sold eventually. Goods are more expensive when they are rare, by then you will be sitting at home collecting your earnings.” Fang Yuan smiled.

The Gu Master laughed, the reason he talked so much was only to lower the price; his heart was moved long ago.

“You are not bad at all. As a mortal, you are neither haughty nor humble. I have three stores, are you interested in working for me? I can give you the position of shopkeeper! Your wages can also be further discussed.” The Gu Master patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders.

Fang Yuan rejected politely; the Gu Master felt a little pity.

“Hei Tu, what have you done!” After the transaction was over, Xiao Die ran over with a frosty expression.

“You exchanged all the goods? What are you trying to do? You are too bold!” Xiao Die stomped her foot in anger: “Do you know these goods were all chosen by Missy after much consideration. After we transport them to Shang Clan City, we can sell them for twice the amount! Quick, exchange them back now!”

Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold: “Your Missy has already lent all the goods to me, which is to say, these belong to me. Hmph, I am dealing with my own goods, is there a problem?”

Fang Yuan’s gaze swept through Xiao Die, a cold light flashed in his eyes.

Xiao Die instantly felt a chill that made her heart palpitate.

Fang Yuan had decided to expose a little more and thus putting on such a strong attitude against Xiao Die.

Xiao Die was witty and eloquent all along, but now, a cold feeling crept up her heart: “You, you… I will tell Missy, watch out!”

She tried her best to hide her inner emotions, but still left frantically.

Her report naturally caused no disturbance to Fang YUan.

But the servants that Shang Xin Ci brought along, had much opinions about Fang Yuan’s actions. Many discussed secretly, thinking this Hei Tu had gone crazy.

Fang Yuan knew the value of these goods and could sense Shang Xin Ci’s business talent.

But this was her first time doing business, her experience was very lacking even though she had talent. Business was not just transporting goods to the destination, and earning profits from the price difference.

A true expert merchant earned along the way as well. Using their keen foresight to explore new opportunities, learning about the specialty of each mountains, and tailoring to the needs of each clan; they built networks as they profited from all those around them.

Of course, these requirements were too high for the current Shang Xin Ci. She had just turned 16, although she had talent, she was still a fresh young girl.

Fang Yuan spent about a hundred years in his past life doing trade. He joined caravans and even became a leader He also opened his own shops, including rock gambling and even auctions.

When it came to experience and foresight, those leaders and vice leaders in the caravan could not hold a candle to Fang Yuan, let alone the inexperienced Shang Xin Ci.

“There is still a distance to Shang Liang mountain. If I manipulate this wholeheartedly, I can at least increase the value of these goods by seven or eight times!”

This profit margin was terrifying. Any higher and even Fang Yuan could do it. Due to actual circumstances, seven to eight times was the limit of this world.

“Of course, if I use unorthodox methods, not just seven or eight, I can easily jack it up by seventy or eighty times.” Thinking so, Fang Yuan could not help but think of a poem on Earth ——

Obeying the law and living in constant worry, bandits live in pleasure every night; those who harm others to benefit themselves ride horses, while those were righteous and fair starve in hunger. Those who build bridges and repair roads go blind, while those who murder and cause arson have many offsprings. When I died, I asked Buddha, Buddha said: There was nothing I could do!

Haha, the so called system and law was to deprive the masses and limit the weak.

Whichever world it was, the law of the jungle prevailed!

Thus, even during an era ruled by law, countless rich and influential people found loopholes and avoided the judgement of the law. Not to mention this Gu world, where strength was everything one needed to exert influence!

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he once did business with all his heart, having millions of assets and countless properties. But later, some experts casually usurped them, causing him to go bankrupt and living in the streets.

For the next four hundred years of his life, whenever he thought back to it, he was extremely glad he had such an experience.

Only through pain can one learn about the truth!

Precisely because of this experience, he woke up from his delusions and broke free of the restraints that bound him while living in the lawful society of Earth.

Humans were often blinded not by the sight before them, but by the chains in their hearts.

To Fang Yuan, if he abided by morals of business and be a proper businessman, he could only earn seven to eight times the profit.

But if he used some illegal methods, becoming an unscrupulous merchant, he could make over tenfold worth of profits.

If he abandoned his position, and lied and scammed, becoming a dishonest trader, he could make tens of times of profits.

If he directly murdered and robbed, he would not even need a capital. Business without investing capital, was always the most profitable!

But Fang Yuan had other objectives doing business now. Thus, methods that broke the rules could not be used and this caused him to have some feeling of restraint.

However, the night before the caravan set off, a Jin clan Gu Master secretly approached him.

“There is a secret deal we want to make, are you interested?” This Gu Master was one of those who traded with Fang Yuan earlier.

Fang Yuan did not mind it, but after a few minutes, he changed his ideas.

“You are saying, someone wants to sell Jinzan grass?” He was extremely surprised, almost suspecting that he had heard wrongly.

To Jin clan, Jinzan grass could not be replaced with other materials, it was an important war resource. It was exactly because it could be used as a refinement material that Jin clan could produce large numbers of golden silkworm Gu. But now someone wanted to sell it?

In Fang Yuan’s memories, it was because Jin clan had large numbers of the rank three golden silkworm Gu that their battle strength rose rapidly, thus eliminating Huang clan and becoming the controller of the area.

“Wait a minute, Huang clan still exists now. This means Jin clan has not fully manufactured the recipe for the golden silkworm Gu? That shouldn’t be it, by this time they should have some ideas already, otherwise why would they mass plant Jinzan grass?” Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved like lightning.

He probed: “I’m about done with trading goods. The Jinzan grass is an unpopular material, although it is rare, little people need it…”

Seeing Fang Yuan reject, the Gu Master panicked: “The price can be further discussed, why don’t we have a good talk about it.”

Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, seeing the other party was very anxious, he started to lower the price.

After an intense bargaining, the Jinzan grass’ price had been lowered to a horrifying degree.

The Gu Master’s face paled, his expression turned ugly and his tone became irritated: “You win, we’ll go with this price, can we complete the deal now?”

This price was very low, even lower than the cost of nurturing the Jinzan grass. If they sold it, it truly was making a loss.

The Jin clan Gu Master knew this, and so his heart bled.

Fang Yuan also knew this was the limit, but he still shook his head: “This price is too low, to speak the truth your attitude makes me feel uncertain.”

The Jin clan Gu Master instantly exploded: “You were the one who lowered the price, now you’re finding it too low?!”

Fang Yuan shrugged: “You said it earlier, this is a private transaction, there is no hard evidence. What if you sell me fake goods, who would I find then? You see, the caravan is leaving tomorrow, by then even if I made a loss, I have no choice but to leave.”

“Your suspicions are valid…” Jin Clan Gu Master’s anger subsided: “Don’t worry about the goods, they are definitely real. To tell you the truth, this is secretly sold by our young master.”

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brilliantly, he had finally received some useful information.

He pretended to be shocked: “Your young master stole it?”

“These Jinzan grass is a vegetation loved by the clan leader, purposely growing three acres of it. But we can’t do anything about it since our clan leader has a unique interest. So do not worry, the Jinzan grass is nothing important, the son taking his father’s things to sell, even if it is discovered, he will only be scolded.” The Gu Master said.

Fang Yuan immediately understood everything.

So it was like this!

Jin clan had already been trying to fix the recipe for the golden silkworm Gu. At this point, they had a rough idea already and were thus growing three acres of Jinzan grass..

But to prevent unwanted attention from Huang clan, this information was kept among the higher ups of the clan, even the young master did not know, only thinking that this grass was planted out of interest.

The Jinzan grass’ growth period was very long, needing four years to mature.

In his memory, Jin clan launched their attack a year later. They used the rank three golden silkworm Gu which had sharp offensive strength to eliminate Huang clan and dominate Huang Jin mountain.

If this three acres of Jinzan grass was gone, they won’t be able to find that much on the market either. Then to eliminate Huang clan, Jin clan would need to waste a few more years.

Evidently, this Jinzan grass was a dangerous item!

If he really bought it, it would be provoking this large Jin clan.

An ordinary person would avoid it like the plague, but Fang Yuan saw a huge opportunity from it.

This profit, although dangerous, since it was delivered to him with both hands, how could he reject it?

To speak the truth, although Fang Yuan possessed the heavenly essence treasure lotus, he still had a need for primeval stones, and it wasn’t a small amount he needed.

When they reached the Shang Clan City, he needed to purchase Gu worms, and that required a lot of primeval stones. Relying on the heavenly essence treasure lotus’s daily production was troublesome and insufficient.

“That young master is definitely a wastrel, he is probably doted by the clan leader, but is in need of money recently, thus he set his eyes on the Jinzan grass. Hehehe…”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan couldn’t help but laugh.

If he took this profit, not only would it help in purchasing Gu worms, it would also leave a deep impression on Shang Xin Ci. It was simply killing two birds with one stone.

Jin clan Gu Master saw Fang Yuan’s smile, and laughed: “So, you agree?”

“Of course.” Fang Yuan looked at him; once this deal went through, this guy would definitely be in trouble.

“But what does his trouble have to do with me?” What Fang Yuan was considering now, was how to swallow this profit without choking himself.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 244: Almost blackmail 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Dawn was breaking in the east, revealing the first rays of light.

The cold air of the night had condensed into dewdrops on the grass and leaves. The temporary market in the Jin clan was currently being dismantled; the tents were packed up, the carpets on the streets stalls were rolled up and the goods were packed in bags.

After having stayed in the Jin village for many days, the caravan was preparing to set off.

As for the merchants, no matter how many goods they sold or bought, they would be making profits eventually. Thus, though they were exhausted, they were wearing cheerful smiles on their faces.

Xiao Die’s expression, however, was horrible.

“Missy, I just checked, that Hei Tu has exchanged almost all the goods. And in the goods he exchanged for, I saw three carts filled with Jinzan grass!”

“Jinzan grass?” Shang Xin Ci’s long brows slightly furrowed.

Xiao Die was extremely angry, as she pulled Shang Xin Ci by her hand: “Even a layman like me knows how worthless Jinzan grass is, but he has exchanged for so many of them. Missy, this Hei Tu is simply making a trouble!”

“Xiao Die, calm down first.” Shang Xin Ci patted Xiao Die’s hand, “He should have exchanged for this Jinzan grass yesterday night, I don’t know why he did that but he must have a reason for exchanging other goods. Just think, it is already pretty good that he could accomplish this as a mortal.”

“Missy, why are you standing up for him? I am only thinking for you. These goods were originally ours, why would you let others squander it for nothing? Most importantly, he can’t compensate us at all! Lord Zhang Zhu, please persuade Missy…” Xiao Die pouted.

Zhang Zhu who was looking on from the side, sighed: “Miss, Xiao Die is right. We lent the goods to him to test him, but now that we can already see the results, why are we still letting him squander them? We believe in your ability Miss, but if we can decrease our losses, why are we not doing so? It will also decrease our struggles when we reach Shang Clan City.”

“This…” Shang Xin Ci mumbled. She was young, her eyes started showing signs of hesitation.

Previously, she had felt the goods exchanged by Fang Yuan was alright. However, this Jinzan grass… it was a great loss to exchange for so much Jinzan grass.

Jinzan grass was easy to preserve, but it simply couldn’t be sold as the demand for it was almost non-existent. Such a large stockpile would rot sooner or later, and finally, they would have no choice but to cut down the price and dump sell the stock – it was destined to make a loss.

“Excuse me, are you Lady Zhang Xin Ci?” Just then, a middle-aged gu master who was sweating profusely, anxiously ran towards Shang Xin Ci.

The iron plate on his belt was carved with number ‘two’ showing the rank of this gu master.

Shang Xin Ci gave a slight smile: “Yes I am, may I enquire who you are?”

The middle-aged man cupped his fists: “I am the personal guard of lord clan leader, here on his command to ask for a favor.”

“Oh? Please speak.”

“Lady Zhang should have bought a large batch of Jinzan grass yesterday night. The whole story is like this, our clan leader is very passionate for Jinzan grass and so he personally raised some for pleasure. But the young master secretly dug them out and sold them behind the clan leader’s back. Now, clan leader has placed the young master in confinement, and also wishes to buy back the Jinzan grass. I sincerely request you to sell them back to us.”

This gu master was polite, but that politeness carried his firm attitude.

“Miss…” Zhang Zhu’s expression turned solemn as he reminded Shang Xin Ci.

This personal guard represented the clan leader of the Jin clan, this matter could be both big or small, and it could turn serious if it was handled improperly.

Shang Xin Ci glanced at Zhang Zhu and nodded her head to indicate she understood: “Actually, I am also someone who loves flowers and I can understand honorable clan leader’s passion. We will hand over the Jinzan grass to your honorable clan with not even a stem missing.”

“It makes one happy to see such a reasonable Lady.” The personal guard gu master’s expression relaxed and revealed a slight smile.

Shang Xin Ci continued: “A subordinate of mine was in charge of this transaction. I will call him over.”

Fang Yuan had already been paying attention to the activity here.

“Hei Tu, you are in trouble. Missy has called you.” Xiao Die had come to summon him.

Fang Yuan soon appeared in front of the personal guard, and cupped his fists: “I am the one who was responsible for the transaction of Jinzan grass. I heard the honorable clan leader wants to buy them back?”

The personal guard was surprised to see the newcomer was actually a mortal, his face immediately revealed a slight disdain and arrogance.

He snorted: “That’s right. Mortal, you can relax. Lord clan leader is benevolent and is willing to use three thousand primeval stones to buy back the three carts of Jinzan grass on you.”

“So much?” Xiao Die was speechless and her gaze revealed her joy.

Zhang Zhu frowned before gradually relaxing. Three thousand primeval stones should be the maximum market price for the Jinzan grass, and this showed Jin clan leader’s sincerity.

However, Fang Yuan shook his head: “Jinzan grass is very precious, only three thousand primeval stones to buy them back, this doesn’t seem to be sincere, right?”

The personal guard immediately frowned: “What? The price I am giving is much higher than the maximum market price of the Jinzan grass. Mortal, what price did you buy it for?”

Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “Let’s not discuss about the purchase price, we are all businessmen, naturally we will buy low and sell high. Three thousand primeval stones are too less, I am not selling!”

“You!” The personal guard clenched his teeth, before eventually showing five fingers, “Alright, then I will rise it by two thousand, five thousand primeval stones!”

Xiao Die’s eyes widened in shock, her face started to flush with excitement as she looked at the five stretched fingers of the personal guard.

“Five thousand primeval stones? This is what you said, you can’t go back on it!” She was almost jumping in excitement, she hadn’t thought the situation would develop like this; Fang Yuan had profited huge!

However, Fang Yuan still shook his head.

The personal guard’s expression turned cold as he threatened: “Mortal, don’t you think you are being greedy? These Jinzan grass were originally our clan’s goods. You privately exchanged for them which is already not permitted. You don’t even have any evidence of transaction, I can even say you secretly stole them!!”

Zhang Zhu was taken aback by the personal guard’s anger, he looked at Fang Yuan: “Just sell it.”

Fang Yuan laughed: “You sold them, I bought, this was mutual consent. What more, it was your young master who sold them to me. I can’t do anything if you are determined to say I stole them. Jin clan is so rich and powerful that it can bully the weak and rob our goods. Hmph, the goods are just there, why don’t you go take them. It is just that as far as I know, it is not just me who bought the Jinzan grass. Many others have a share of it, is Jin clan going to snatch all of theirs too?”

Fang Yuan had already expected this situation, thus he only bought a large majority yesterday night. The remaining Jinjan grass were sold to others by that gu master.

“You!” The personal guard was furious, but he could only clench his teeth at Fang Yuan’s blatant extortion.

He pointed at Fang Yuan: “Your clan bought the most, you little brat, you want to make it hard for me?”

“Of course not, I am only trying to make a transaction.” Fang Yuan cupped his hands.

“Hmph, forget it! I will put two thousand more, seven thousand primeval stones! Mortal, bring all the Jinzan grass you bought.” The personal guard shouted.

“Hei Tu, just sell it. We need to pay attention to amiability while doing business.” Shang Xin Ci couldn’t endure this pressure.

“Since Miss has spoken…” Fang Yuan nodded his head before immediately changing the subject, “Then I will take back a step. Eight thousand primeval stones and all the Jinzan grass I have is yours.”

The moment these words came out, Shang Xin Ci and the rest all became dazed.

The personal guard came back to his senses, unable to contain his anger: “What? You bastard!!”

Fang Yuan, however, had a smile on his face: “Business is business, please don’t get angry lord gu master. Actually, I was thinking of selling them for ten thousand primeval stones, if lord gu master can’t decide it, how about letting me discuss with your honorable clan’s clan leader?”

“No need!” The personal guard swung his arm as he looked at Fang Yuan with extreme disgust, “You, a mortal, what qualifications do you have to meet lord clan leader? Bring the goods quickly, taking advantage of others when they are down, I will remember you. Hmph!”

His words, no doubt, meant he acceded to Fang Yuan’s raised price.

The two finished the transaction in moments.

Fang Yuan hadn’t even used five hundred primeval stones to buy them, but in just one night, the Jinzan grass changed hands for eight thousand primeval stones!

“Miss, there are two trunks filled to the brim with primeval stones!” Xiao Die was beaming with joy. She had witnessed the whole transaction process in fear, but now that she looked at these primeval stones, she felt that it was all worth it. Even her gaze towards Fang Yuan changed.

“Did you already know? That can’t be it, this should just be the case of a blind cat coming across a dead mouse !” She looked at Fang Yuan from top to bottom and remarked.

“Offending the Jin clan for just eight thousand primeval stones is not worth it.” Zhang Zhu had been frowning from the start, he looked at Fang Yuan with some discontent and warned, “Never take such a risk again.”

Fang Yuan only smiled and turned towards Shang Xin Ci: “According to our previous contract, Miss will get half of this eight thousand primeval stones, and I request Miss to safeguard my half of the share too.”

 …

“Has it been settled?” Jin clan leader stood on a hill, watching the leaving caravan.

An elder was standing to his side and reported: “Yes, clan leader. We have bought back all the Jinzan grass. It is just that Zhang Clan is truly hateful for taking advantage of the situation to extort us.”

Jin Clan’s clan leader’s brows furrowed: “Oh? Speak.”

The elder elaborated on the details.

Jin clan’s clan leader smiled: “It is just eight thousand primeval stones, no need to care. That Zhang clan’s Lady, however, is intelligent, she pushed out a mortal servant to sound out the situation and earned herself this money.”

“Lord clan leader, what if this Zhang clan already knows our clan’s secret and thus took advantage to extort us?”

“Hahaha, don’t be overly suspicious. If they knew the importance of the Jinzan grass to my clan, why would they only extort mere eight thousand primeval stones? They would buy them all or even not agree to sell them. But just in case, send some gu masters to watch them till they completely leave Huang Jin mountain’s region. Make sure to watch if there are anyone who tries to secretly go to Huang clan. If there are, kill them on the spot!”

The clan leader’s killing intent overflowed all around him as he said this.

The elder’s mind trembled: “As you command, lord clan leader!”

Fang Yuan glanced back at the Huang Jin mountain, his lips curled up in a smiled.

Not far away in a carriage, Shang Xin Ci lifted open the curtains and gazed at Fang Yuan’s back. Her beautiful eyes flashed with light, having fallen into deep thought.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 245: Rank Two Upper Stage 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The caravan crossed mountains and valleys as they traveled west.

Half a month later, the caravan arrived at Hun Mu mountain which had a lot of weird looking trees; Fang Yuan sold half of his goods to buy a lot of these special wood.

Twenty days later, they arrived at Ju Yu mountain.

The mountain was full of bumps and craters, these bumps were all made by the falling raindrops.

At this place, once it rained, raindrops as large as wine vats fell and formed huge craters in the ground. Thus, the Tong clan of Ju Yu mountain was built in the empty caves inside the mountain. If it was an open construct, it would be easily devastated by the rain.

In Tong clan village, the golden lamp oil that Fang Yuan bought on Huang Jin mountain was very popular.

During their stay, it rained three times. Fang Yuan thus acquired many blue oil raindrops. These raindrops were a type of material for many different purposes.

These giant raindrops were the Tong clan village’s misfortune that forced them to live inside the mountain caves. But, it was also their source of income.

After leaving Ju Yu mountain, the caravan arrived at Fang Zhuan mountain.

The rocks on this mountain were peculiar. Each were cube shaped, varying in size and thickness.

Da Fang clan was a large scale clan that had been living on Fang Zhuan mountain for over thousand years.

Their residences were made of tiles; much better than the condition at Tong clan village. Tall large walls were constructed around the village, and within the walls were defense towers, while outside the walls were pillboxes.

Fang Yuan remembered that at Da Fang clan, there was an eccentric elder that liked wood carvings.

After contacting him, all the weird and creepy soul wood he collected on Hun Mu mountain were sold to this clan elder.

Just like this, on this journey, with Fang Yuan’s manipulation, his goods increased and decreased at times, but each time there was a change, he earned a ton of profit.

Once he did this many times, it naturally attracted people’s attention.

Fang Yuan pushed everything to Shang Xin Ci, and rumors of her business talent started to circulate.

Time flew by quickly, after another four villages, the caravan gradually got close to Xiao Yue mountain.

This night, the caravan made a temporary camp near a cliff.

“We have entered Xiao Yue mountain’s territory, the remaining journey is all uninhabited mountains and valleys. Gu worms and beasts roam free, and not even a hamlet exist. From tonight onwards, everyone has to place their full attention on the surroundings.” Jia clan’s leader instructed.

In the tent, many vice-leaders nodded in agreement.

Shang Xin Ci’s eyes shone with bright light.

This was the most dangerous segment of the caravan’s route. Once they passed this, they would reach Xue Lei mountain, and after that, they would have to travel past a few more clan villages, before reaching Shang Liang mountain’s Shang Clan City.

“Alright, next we will establish our defensive measures.” Jia clan’s leader continued.

An hour later, the discussion ended and everyone left the tent.

Zhang Zhu came up immediately: “Miss, dinner has been prepared. Do we invite Hei Tu and Bai Yun to dine together again?”

“Of course.” Shang Xin Ci nodded: “I have to ask him about his experiences in trading during the banquet.”

These few days, Fang Yuan’s revenue greatly exceeded his losses, earning five to six times the profits after few trades. This caused Shang Xin Ci, Zhang Zhu and Xiao Die – who knew the truth – to look at him in a different light.

According to the agreement, Fang Yuan gave half the earnings to Shang Xin Ci, but to her, these primeval stones could not compare to his business experience and understanding.

She did not have any cultivation talent, and as a mortal, engaging in business was her proudest ability.

But, in this aspect where she could be proud of herself, Fang Yuan displayed a strength which she could not help but admit was far superior to her!

Many seemingly absurd decisions gave surprising results after the deal was completed.

Shang Xin Ci was not someone who would give up on herself, and after knowing this difference in ability, she invited him to the dinner banquet daily.

A few words of advice from Fang Yuan could benefit her greatly.

Her talent in business was outstanding and she absorbed the knowledge like a sponge, growing rapidly.

The more she interacted with Fang Yuan, the more she admired him.

“Sigh, Miss, you have to be careful. These two obviously have their own stories, they are not ordinary people.” Zhang Zhu sighed with worry, he was afraid Shang Xin Ci was sinking deeper into this.

“Don’t worry, Uncle Zhang Zhu, I know what I am doing.” Shang Xin Ci was indeed intelligent and smart, she never spoke to Fang Yuan about matters outside of business. She knew what could be said and what could not, never trying to probe further than she was supposed to.

She felt that Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing might be mysterious, but they were not dangerous.

Fang Yuan used proper techniques in his business trading, and he didn’t go back on his words, splitting half the profits with Shang Xin Ci. Unknowingly, such behaviour gave Shang Xin Ci much feeling of assurance.

However, Fang Yuan did not accept the invitation to banquet this time.

“I am feeling a little tired today, I will not be going.” He waved his hand at Xiao Die who came to invite him.

Fang Yuan did not accept every single invitation from Shang Xin Ci, normally only accepting one out of three invitations.

Xiao Die pouted as she looked at Fang Yuan begrudgingly, muttering under her breath and leaving.

Previously when Fang Yuan rejected the invitation, Xiao Die made a scene several times, feeling indignant for her Miss. But the more Fang Yuan earned, the more Xiao Die’s attitude changed, from indignant to accomodating and helplessness.

No matter which world it was, at whatever level of society, strength was what gained respect.

Fang Yuan shut the tent; Bai Ning Bing had already sat on one of the beds.

In the darkness, her blue eyes shone slightly.

When Fang Yuan first rejected Xiao Die, she was still a little surprised, but after a few times, Bai Ning Bing found out the brilliance of this action.

As the saying went, one who is unaccountably solicitous is hiding evil intentions 1 . Fang Yuan rejecting this invitation and not accommodating to Shang Xin Ci gave the young girl the feeling that he had nothing to gain from her.

“Let’s start.” Fang Yuan sat down on the bed as well with his back facing Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing spread out both palms and placed them on Fang Yuan’s back. Ten percent of her snow silver primeval essence flowed through her palms into Fang Yuan’s body.

Bone flesh unity Gu shone with green and red light respectively, converting the primeval essence; six percent of snow silver primeval essence entered Fang Yuan’s aperture.

Splash splash splash…

Fang Yuan’s thoughts entered his aperture and used these primeval essence to nurture his aperture walls.

When he was rank one, his aperture could not take the impact of the snow silver primeval essence, but now that he was rank two middle stage, his aperture walls had a stronger foundation now and could endure it.

Only that this could not last for a long time, and he needed to rest every once in a while.

The light waves on the aperture walls flowed constantly. The white light grew stronger as some areas started to condense. Evidently, Fang Yuan was a step away from rank two upper stage.

With his rich cultivating experience, Fang Yuan had something like a gauge in his mind. He planned to breakthrough to rank two upper stage in one go!

Time passed and it was already late at night.

Howl—— !

Suddenly, howling of the Grey Wolf King could be heard.

The howl broke the silence of the camp, and soon after, numerous wolf howled in response to their king.

“Wolf assault, wolf assault!”

“Damn it, get up, the wolf pack is attacking camp!”

“So many grey wolves, I can’t even count how many there are!”

…

Many people screamed in shock, waking up everyone else in the camp; everyone was riled up.

“Hey hearing this volume, it seems the wolf pack is quite large.” Bai Ning Bing listened and laughed.

In the caravan’s journey, they met many beast groups’ attack, and now she wasn’t shocked anymore.

“This is Xiao Yue mountain, some people say the entire southern border wolves live here. During a full moon, the wolf packs will gaze at the round moon, and the wolf howls can cause the entire mountain to tremble and shake. This is only our first night, and we already encountered a grey wolf pack, our luck is terrible.” Fang Yuan opened his eyes slightly, but multitasked and did not stop the cultivating in his aperture.

“Damn it, there are too many wolves.”

“Healing Gu Master, where are the healing Gu Masters?! My father is injured, he is bleeding a lot…”

“The southeast direction’s defense has been broken through, go reinforce them quickly!”

The situation was more severe than Bai Ning Bing had predicted. After discovering the wolf pack, in just a few minutes, the first line of defense in the camp was broken through, and the wolves broke into the camp.

“Ah——!”

“Take up your weapons and fight these beasts!”

Servants screamed as sounds of battle and shouting continued.

“Do we go out?” Bai Ning Bing asked.

“For what? What can you do? Don’t forget your identity.” After a moment of silence, Fang Yuan replied nonchalantly.

“But the wolves are already charging here, the goods you just purchased might be damaged.” Bai Ning Bing laughed, showing glee in her tone.

“Then let them be damaged.” Fang Yuan closed his eyes again.

After a while, Xiao Die’s voice came from outside the tent: “Hei Tu, Hei Tu! Are you two in there?”

“What’s the matter?” Bai Ning Bing asked.

“Oh my god, you are still here? Such a loud commotion and you didn’t even wake up! Many grey wolves entered the camp, although the situation is under control, there might be some wolves left out. Miss is asking you to go over, with Lord Zhang Zhu to protect us, it will be safer!” Xiao Die shouted.

“No need, since the situation is under control, we shall not impose on your Miss. I can handle a grey wolf or two with my physical strength.” Fang Yuan replied.

Xiao Die urged some more, but was still rejected. Finally she stomped her feet outside the tent: “Ungrateful bunch, don’t blame me for not reminding you if you die. Hmph!”

Saying so, she hurriedly left.

The grey wolves continued to attack for fifteen minutes before retreating.

This beast group assault brought the greatest loss the caravan had suffered since their establishment.

Three Gu Masters died in battle, over a dozen injured, countless servants died, and most of the goods were damaged. Especially Zhang clan’s goods, they received the most damage.

These goods were all borrowed by Fang Yuan, and at first estimation, Fang Yuan lost over a thousand primeval stones in this one night.

When it was daylight, and they calculated the losses, he showed a bitter smile but did not mind it at all.

Because last night, he had advanced to rank two upper stage. Only spending just a few months, this cultivation speed was shocking even to Bai Ning Bing who knew the method.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 246: Exposed 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The bloody night passed and the morning sun shone upon the ruined camp.

The atmosphere was solemn as everyone cleaned up the battlefield and packed their goods, setting off with a heavy heart.

However, the wolf pack attack this time was only the beginning.

Few days later, they were attacked again by grey wolf packs.

The scale of the attack this time was even larger than the previous time. But the caravan had taken sufficient precautions and were able to limit their losses to less than the previous time.

They chased away this pack of grey wolves. However, they had yet to regain their breaths, when three days later they were attacked by lighting wolf packs. The pack contained three frenzy lightning wolves and nine bold lightning wolves. Fifteen gu masters were killed while fighting them. The battle ended with wolf corpses all around the ground, and a wounded frenzy lightning wolf escaped with the remaining injured wolves.

There were many gu masters who chased them for revenge, but couldn’t catch up to them and they didn’t dare to enter deep into Xiao Yue mountain. They could only stared fixedly at the retreating wolf packs.

The attack this time made the caravan’s leader and vice leaders realize the danger they were in. On that very evening, they decided to speed up and leave Xiao Yue mountain as quickly as possible.

Even so, for the next fifteen days, they were met with frequent attacks by the wolf packs.

Grey wolves, lightning wolves, snow wolves, two-headed wolves and even blood fang wolves…

Everyone in the caravan let out a breath of relief after they got out of Xiao Yue mountain.

The caravan’s next few days passed peacefully and smoothly, until they entered Bai Hu mountain and were attacked by beast groups again.

This time, it was old turtle carapace apes. These white apes were enormous with a carapace armor on their back – the carapace armor was covered with turtle shell patterns. There weren’t many casualties from the attacks of these ape groups, but the huge damage to the goods caused many to feel heartache.

Fang Yuan’s goods also met with hardship, the dozen carts of goods he had was decreased to less than half.

The morale in caravan fell greatly, these people were merchants trying their best to earn money. However, these losses made this trip worthless to them.

“We have made a fruitless trip.”

“I checked my accounts yesterday, my earnings amounted to less than two thousand primeval stones!”

“My situation is even worse, I have already lost thirty percent of the goods.”

“Even if it is worse, can it be as worse as the Zhang Clan’s? They have already lost most of their goods!”

“Sigh, if I had known earlier, I would have just curled up in the clan; why would I bother to take risk and only earn this much!”

 …

The caravan moved in such an atmosphere. Five days later, they were attacked by a group of white tigers.

There were losses again.

Seven days later, a group of flame tigers ambushed them; fire spread over the camp and a large amount of goods were burned down.

The morale had reached an all-time low, many of the merchants had lost all their investment.

Ten days later, when they were about to cheer as they left the border of the Bai Hu mountain region, a Biao 1  appeared.

Five tigers and one Biao . A Biao was a tiger that had grown wings, and was at least a thousand beast king. And because it had the ability to fly, it was even more troublesome.

Some vice leaders of the caravan lost their lives while resisting this Biao.

The Biao tailed the caravan for almost a hundred miles, constantly harassing them. Finally the caravan higher ups decided to make minor sacrifices, quickly deciding to give up close to a hundred servants.

Most of these servants were injured or crippled, they rained curses and cried for their lives, but could do nothing to change their fate.

Finally, the Biao had its fill and left, satisfied.

The caravan was only able to rest properly after leaving the Bai Hu mountain far behind. The leaders of each clans didn’t stint on rewards, gradually raising the morale.

The scale of the caravan was now already thinned by half of their original size.

But after going through this cruel elimination and sharpening, the caravan now showed signs of an elite group.

” I have been a travelling merchant for so many years and this was the most challenging of them all.”

“Who knows what possessed these wild beasts, attacking so frequently!”

“After this trip ends, I will retire and enjoy my life.”

“No matter what, the risk of this trade route needs to be reevaluated…”

“The main reason is still because these great mountains don’t have any human inhabitations. With no clans and garrisons to purge these beasts, they have grown without check.”

Some sighed, some were downhearted, whereas some still retained some hope.

However, the caravan seemed to be jinxed; on the road ahead, they were not only attacked by all kinds of beast groups, but also by many swarms of insects and wild gu worms.

The size of the caravan was decreasing continuously, the merchants no longer cared about profits and loss; they were starting to sense their lives were on the line.

They even abandoned a lot of goods willingly to speed up their travelling speed.

The setting sun dyed the clouds in blood red.

The caravan was crossing a mountain woods in silence. Everyone was exhausted and numb, their morale very low.

Many had bandages on their body, covering light and heavy injuries. They moved step by step in the bumpy mountain passageway.

It had rained yesterday, causing the mountain passage to be muddy and slippery.

A handcart filled with goods got stuck in the mud. The ostrich that was dragging the cart raised its neck and made shrill crackling noises before using all its strength to pull the cart, but to no avail.

Right at this time, two hands came from behind the cart and lifted it, pulling the stuck wheel out of the mud pit.

It was Fang Yuan.

He casually clapped his hands. The thousands of kilos worth of goods didn’t seem to be that heavy in his hands.

However, although the cart broke away from the mud pit, its wheels were somehow jammed and didn’t move.

Bai Ning Bing who was at the side, bent down to take a look at the wheel.

After being in caravan for so long, she had learned many things with her disguised identity, and had already completely blended in.

“What is this?” She rubbed the axle of the wheel, her eyes filled with doubt.

There was some kind of stuff hidden in the axle of the wheel, and it was continuously grinded down into fine gray powder as the wheels moved.

The fine powder was unnoticeable when they fell down to the ground.

Bai Ning Bing picked some of this powder and rubbed them with her fingers; the powder turned into grease.

“Ah, I put these oil powder in the wheels to lubricate them and make the handcart move more smoothly.” Fang Yuan walked over while taking out a cotton handkerchief from his pocket; he grabbed Bai Ning Bing’s hands and cleaned the grease off.

After that, he crouched down and felt around the wheels – the wheels regained their mobility.

“Let’s go.” He wiped off the oil powder from his hands and patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder.

The two continued to walk.

Bai Ning Bing’s pace continued to become slower as the doubts in her hearts intensified and formed into a dense fog that couldn’t be dispelled.

She sensed something was amiss.

“When did Fang Yuan get this oil powder? How come I had no idea… was it since the beginning, or at Huang Jin mountain or at Xiao Yue mountain? Strange… he doesn’t seem to give a damn about the caravan; he hasn’t even frowned seeing such large losses to the caravan. But why would he care about oiling the handcart? Strange, strange!”

“Wait a second!”

Suddenly, a quick light seemed to flash past Bai Ning Bing’s mind.

At that instant, her whole body shivered and her pupils suddenly shrunk down to pin-sized.

A possibility echoed out from deep within her mind.

She stopped at the spot, her mind filled with shock!

After a long while, the ostrich which had been walking beside her suddenly screeched and woke her up.

Fang Yuan’s figure was already far away now, gradually merging into the crowd in front.

“This guy….” Bai Ning Bing lowered her head, covering the cold light flashing past her blue eyes under the cover of the straw hat.

Sun was slowly setting down in the west and the many stars began to appear in the sky.

The caravan stopped near a beach, they had decided to camp here for the night.

However, just when they were half finished with setting up the camp, a group of cold jade owlcats appeared in the vicinity.

“Beast group, it is the owlcat!”

“Stop your work, make defensive formations!”

“These damn animals, I just had my dinner…”

People cursed and ran, but with the previous bitter suffering and tempering, they soon formed three tight defensive lines.

Cold Jade Owlcat’s body was like that of a leopard’s and was extremely quick. Its face, though, was similar to an owl, its enormous eyes covered almost half of its face and shone with eerie green light in the dark.

The owlcat king gave a loud cry; the owlcat groups charged towards the camp like a tide.

“Kill!” The gu masters who were in the frontlines shouted.

Momentarily, all kinds of colors flashed, fire blazed, rocks and soils flew, lightning rumbled…

Countless owlcats collapsed, but more waves of owlcats rushed forth.

“Heavens, this is a large scale cold jade owlcat groups.” Someone shouted.

“Ahh, save….” A part of the defensive lines couldn’t resist the attacks anymore, and a gu master was pounced upon by three owlcats, his tragic scream stopped mid-way, flesh and blood splattered in the air.

“Quick, cover up that gap.” Two gu masters were sent as reinforcements.

However, it was of no use, the gap continued to increase, slowly destroying the whole defensive line.

“Retreat, retreat!” In the end, they had no choice but to retreat to second defensive line.

“Link the handcarts and carriages, and pile up the goods into high walls!”

After the second defensive line, the third defensive line hurriedly set up a barricade.

Many servants were busy moving the goods, their bodies soaked with sweat. No one could goof off at this time.

Fang Yuan was moving a large trunk, when Bai Ning Bing suddenly walked over and lifted a side of the trunk.

On the surface, she seemed to be helping Fang Yuan, but actually she moved closer to Fang Yuan and whispered to his ears while gritting her teeth: “You bastard, you attracted these cold jade owlcats, right?”

Fang Yuan looked surprised: “Why do you say such a thing?”

“Stop pretending. There was definitely something wrong with those powder, I don’t believe a guy like you will kindly consider these minor details!” Bai Ning Bing whispered.

“Hahaha, you finally discovered it.” Fang Yuan didn’t deny.

Bai Ning Bing couldn’t help gritting her teeth, all the frequent attacks the caravan suffered on the way was all due to Fang Yuan’s ‘contribution’!

The two lifted the wooden trunk and moved slowly, the people around them were all busy shouting and moving, their concentration all on the battlefield. Who could have the time to listen to Fang and Bai’s whisperings?

“Why are you doing this?” After a moment of silence, Bai Ning Bing asked.

“Haha.” Fang Yuan laughed, “Guess.”

Immediately, Bai Ning Bing felt a violent impulse to beat Fang Yuan up.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 247: White Feather Flying Elephant 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Ning Bing controlled her urge as her eyes squinted.

She was after all an icy genius, easily able to understand things: “What does Shang Xin Ci have that makes Fang Yuan put in so much effort?”

Firstly, she had assumed that Fang Yuan was after Shang Xin Ci’s beauty, but now she had overruled that assumption. She understood Fang Yuan, only a huge amount of benefit could make him exert himself like this.

But after so many days, Bai Ning Bing had already understood Shang Xin Ci’s background, she was ostracised by Zhang clan, and was only a mortal with no cultivating talent.

Shang Xin Ci was indeed beautiful as a flower, but this appearance was not a strength of hers, but a weakness.

This appearance would invite the demonic claws of lust and crime. Most importantly, she did not have the power to protect herself, if not for the loyal rank three Gu Master serving her, she would’ve been caught and turned into a plaything long ago.

Such a person, what value does she hold? Her business talent? It was nothing compared to Fang Yuan’s.

Bai Ning Bing could not comprehend it at all.

Fang Yuan did not speak, and did not reply Bai Ning Bing.

“Those two over there, move faster, stop wasting time!” Not far away, a Gu Master pointed at Fang and Bai, shouting.

Fang and Bai moved more quickly, as Bai Ning Bing suppressed her voice: “You’re messing around like this, aren’t you afraid of getting exposed? If anyone finds out, heheh, these people will fight you to the death!”

“Then did they find out?” Fang Yuan rebuked.

“Tsk…”

The two put down their wooden boxes and walked back.

To eliminate his own suspicion, Fang Yuan sacrificed most of his goods during the first beast group attack. After a few assaults, Zhang clan’s losses were the most severe. Many people felt pity for Shang Xin Ci, and even Shang Xin Ci herself approached Fang Yuan and consoled him.

But now that Bai Ning Bing thought about it, she realized, although Fang Yuan seemed to have lost a lot of goods, his truly valuable goods were still kept till today. These goods were more than half the value of his entire fortune, thus his real losses were not as much as it seems!

His concealment methods were truly divine, if she did not discover it by accident, she would still be in the dark.

Thinking so, Bai Ning Bing felt indignant ——”This guy, he even hid the truth from me!”

The two carried another box.

Fang Yuan seemed to know Bai Ning Bing’s inner thoughts, laughing lightly: “To deceive the enemy, we have to deceive ourselves first. After all, I was not intentionally keeping it from you, you have your purpose to serve.”

“Oh, what purpose?” Bai Ning Bing naturally asked.

“To alert myself. You are the person closest to me, if you find anything amiss, the others will do so soon.”

“But, it was coincidence today that I…”

Fang Yuan shook his head: “Chance is represented by a certain trend, regardless, it is about time already.”

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone: “What are you going to do?”

Cold jade owlcat did not manage to break the third line of defense, as the second line of defense still held on, eliminating these attackers.

After the battle, the survivors tallied the results, and cleaned up the battlefield.

“How many times have we been attacked already?”

“I wanna go home!”

“Damn it, our luck is too terrible this time.”

“Should we continue forward? Maybe if we stay here and wait for the other caravan’s help, it might be a good idea.”

…

Everyone’s morale was low, some people grumbled, while most felt that the future was uncertain, and did not want to proceed further. Fear towards death, frustration and dread of the unknown emanated throughout the camp.

“Jia caravan leader, why do you assign our Chen clan to guard the first line of defense every time? What motive do you have?!”

“Chen vice leader, I have been fair and impartial the entire time. Your Chen clan has the greatest strength, now that we are in this together, we have to help each other. Those who are stronger put in more effort, of course you have more responsibilities as well.

As the argument was sudden, many people’s attention was attracted.

Jia Long and Chen vice leader Chen Shuang Jin stared at each other in a tense atmosphere.

“My Chen clan is the strongest? Haha, Jia caravan leader you are truly speaking b*llshit, everyone knows how much fighting force you have left!” Chen Shuang Jin laughed coldly.

“Ridiculous! From my clan, such a good person like Jia Ping had been sacrificed! What about your Chen clan?” Jia Long chided.

“Both of you, now is not the time for arguments.” Lin clan vice leader walked over and advised.

Eventually, Jia and Chen left without coming to an agreement.

“Even Lord Jia Long and Lord Chen Shuang Jin have argued. I thought Jia and Chen clan were very close?”

“Sigh, at this crucial moment, it is everyone for themselves. Thinking of how to preserve their own strength, the relationship no longer matters.”

“According to the newest information, Jia clan’s two young masters have a huge disagreement, and Chen clan seem to have gone to rely on Jia Gui.”

“So that’s it. Lord Jia Long is Jia Fu’s subordinate, no wonder Chen clan did not give them face.”

The few Gu Masters discussed softly, as Fang Yuan’s heart stirred.

Few days later, the caravan whose morale is rock bottom reached Xiang Ya mountain.

Xiang Ya mountain reached into the clouds as large groups of elephants lived in it. The climate on the mountain was unique, from the mountain foot to mountain belt, it was moist and tropical, with lots of rainforests. From the mountain belt to mountain peak, it was snowy, dry and cold as cedar trees grew there.

Everyone was cautious, but good news was that after entering Xiang Ya mountain for a few days, they did not encounter any beast group attacks.

“Are we finally lucky for once?”

“Naturally, after our luck hit rock bottom, it can only go up after that.”

“What a pity, our goods were almost all destroyed. We will have loss a lot of profits this time.”

“Hmph, be content you can keep your life, that’s good enough already!”

“After Xiang Ya mountain, we have to get by Mu Bei mountain, Shuang Jiang mountain, then we will reach Zhao clan village. At that place I must sleep at least three days straight.”

…

Everyone were in a conversation as they commented on the future, as morale rose slightly.

“Eh, snowing?” Someone looked up, seeing spots of white particles floating down from the air.

“Rubbish, this is the foot of Xiang Ya mountain, how can there be snow?” Someone did not believe it, but once he raised his head, his expression froze.

“It really is snowing…”

“Damn it, this isn’t snow, it’s feathers!” Someone shouted.

Many Gu masters in the caravan heard this and shuddered.

White feathers, could it be —— White feather flying elephant?

At this moment, intense winds flew as white feathers floated everywhere, like the advent of a snowstorm.

Angggggg…… 1

Hundreds of elephants cried out at once, stepping in the air as they charged towards the caravan on the ground.

“Damn it, it really is the white feather flying elephants!”

“How did we attract them, they should be living above the mountain belt.”

“Get into formation, faster get into formation!”

But it was too late, under the rampage of the elephant group, anywhere they went, people were flipped off their horses.

These white feather flying elephants, their bodies were covered in white feathers. With two three-meter long curved tusks, thick and sharp. With the huge impact of their charging, they were near unstoppable.

The moving caravan were caught off guard. Under just one attack, hundreds of lives were taken away. Many servants were stomped into meat paste, and the carriages were pierced by the tusks. Three black skin fat beetles were killed, and winged snakes and ostriches ran about in panic, causing stomping incidents.

At once, the scene was in utter chaos.

“Gu Masters, all of the Gu Masters, gather here!” Jia Long shouted from among the people.

But once he gathered over ten men, the elephant groups rushed down again, scattering the Gu Masters.

The elephant group flew in the sky, preparing their third attack.

“Sigh…” Jia Long sighed, knowing there was little hope of counter attacking, he could only shout: “Everyone, quickly escape, run into the surrounding rainforests!”

Even without him mentioning it, many people had already rushed into the rainforests.

But the white feather flying elephants’ charge were insanely powerful, after they got into the rainforests, trees were instantly fell as numerous people were stomped by the elephants.

These flying elephants looked sacred and elegant, but their nature were bloodthirsty.

Angggg!

A flying elephant aimed at Shang Xin Ci and descended like a comet.

“Miss, run! I’ll divert their attention!” At the crucial moment, Zhang Zhu stood out and shot a flash of red light at the flying elephant.

The flying elephant was enraged, changing direction and aimed at Zhang Zhu.

Zhang Zhu was a healing Gu Master, his attack and defense was not outstanding, thus escaping pitifully in the rainforest.

The flying elephant came flying, bringing with it a ferocious roar of the wind.

Zhang Zhu sprinted and managed to leap in front of him, as the flying elephant landed right behind him, breaking several trees and feathers dropped to the ground.

“So close!” Zhang Zhu wiped the sweat off his forehead, just as he got up, his vision went dark.

Bam!

A thick tree branch was swung over by the white feather flying elephant, hitting Zhang Zhu’s body directly.

At the moment of life and death, Zhang Zhu activated his defensive Gu, covering his body in a golden light.

Splat!

The golden light dispersed and he vomited out a mouthful of blood, as he was sent flying far away.

His eyes were spinning with stars, as he felt extremely dizzy, lying on the ground unable to move.

Somehow, he could hear the sound of elephant feet stomping, and it was getting louder.

A cold chill went down his spine, his rich battle experience was telling him —— his life was in danger!

He could not think further, quickly rolling on the ground.

At almost the same time, the white feather flying elephant slammed down right beside him.

Bam!

Another thunderous impact, as the white feather flying elephant crashed on the mountain walls, its two tusks stabbing deep into the mountain rocks.

The flying elephant cried loudly, trying to move its head and trying to move backwards with its four legs.

Zhang Zhu’s vision finally started to clear up, and he stood up weakly. Seeing this scene, he could not help but sweat. If he was slightly slower earlier, he would’ve been torn to pieces.

He checked his aperture, and there was still fifty percent of his primeval essence left. His defensive Gu was in a bad shape, close to dying.

“I have to get back to Miss!” He was anxious in his heart, as a Gu Master, he already faced such dangers. Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die were mortals, their lives were in much greater danger and peril.

That white feather flying elephant was still pulling out its tusks, as Zhang Zhu ran away rapidly, running in the direction his memories told him.

At the area where they split, Shang Xin Ci was already missing.

Zhang Zhu was hesitant on where to go, when a Gu Master ran over with three white feather flying elephants chasing him.

“Save me!” He shouted.

“Damn it.” Zhang Zhu cursed, he could tell this was Chen clan’s young Gu Master, called Chen Xin.

Zhang Zhu was worried about his lady’s safety, how could he care about Chen Xin, thus rapidly escaping.

Chen Xin saw Zhang Zhu, and like a drowning person seeing a floating log, he chased after him immediately.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 248: A peace of mind as long as one does what he can 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Zhang Zhu cursed but was eventually dragged into the mess. It was a dangerous game of cat and mouse, while barely surviving, the two managed to shrug off the flying elephant but eventually got into a dead end at the cliff, their paths blocked by two flying elephants.

The earth rumbled as a flying elephant came crashing.

“Lad, split up!” Zhang Zhu shouted, sprinting towards the left.

“God damn it!” Chen Xin shouted, before he could react, a flying elephant came crashing, and made a huge hole in the cliff behind him, as the tusks stabbed deeply into the mountain rocks.

Both flying elephants were restricted in a way for now.

“The heavens blessed me, my life is not fated to end yet!” Zhang Zhu breathed roughly, as he sprawled on the ground…

The mountain wall was vibrating, as the two flying elephants growled loudly. They continued to shrug their heads, and caused shrapnels to fly all over the place as the holes that their tusks stabbed into enlarged.

Zhang Zhu was shocked when he saw this, knowing the two elephants would quickly get loose, he propped himself and tried desperately to get up.

He had just stood up, when he heard the wind blow towards him, and he shuddered!

Pew!

A white bone spear, with a spiral design, stabbed him from his back, penetrating his chest and stabbing firmly on the ground.

Blood flowed along the bone spear, dripping on the ground.

Zhang Zhu’s movements halted, opening his mouth slightly as blood oozed out of the corner of his lips.

He gradually lowered his head, looking at this fatal spiral bone spear.

Initially he had thought it was the white feather flying elephants’ tusks, but soon, he realized this was the attack of a Gu Master.

“Who is it?” He wanted to turn his head, to see who had backstabbed him.

But the next second.

Pew , another bone spear was fired!

This spear, flew directly into his brain, and came out of his mouth, as the tip stabbed on the ground.

Zhang Zhu was firmly kept in place, his eyes widening in futile, while his pupils shrunk.

He was dead.

Dying with grievance.

At a hidden corner, Fang Yuan observed from afar.

These few days, he had obtained Zhang Zhu’s information, this person was an obstacle that had to be removed.

The two white bone spears gradually dissipated into white light, dispersing into the air.

Zhang Zhu lost his support, and crashed onto the ground.

A white feather flying elephant pulled out its tusks, and charged towards Zhang Zhu’s corpse, stomping on it, easily turning it into meat paste, and crushing all his bones.

The white feathers scattered and the flying elephant took off, flying into mid air again.

Seeing this, Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, Zhang Zhu was confirmed to be dead. After the flying elephant stomped on the corpse, Fang Yuan did not even need to clear up the crime scene.

He left stealthily.

After he left, the other flying elephant took off as well.

Its tusks penetrated the mountain walls, and left two bowl-sized holes. The wall caved in as it was surrounded by debris.

Suddenly under the pile of rocks, a head emerged.

“My god, I was scared to death! Thankfully I had the bury Gu and avoided this crisis…” Chen Xin dug his way out, breathing raggedly as cold sweat poured down his spine, experiencing after fear.

This bury Gu allowed Gu Masters to dig into the ground and hide. The weakness was, once used, the Gu Master can only be buried at one spot, and cannot move. After activating, the Gu Master also has to consume a lot of primeval essence to sustain it.

Chen Xin was chased as he ran, only at the final moment, did he have the opportunity to use it.

“The situation is getting more chaotic, there is actually a Gu Master assassinating Zhang Zhu.” Seeing Zhang Zhu corpse, turned into meat paste, completely unrecognisable, Chen Xin gulped and escaped frantically.

The elephant group continued rampaging for two hours before leaving.

Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die supported each other as the walked out of the rainforest.

Their bodies were full of mud and soil, looking battered and exhausted, and Xiao Die’s face was even blue-black. Evidently, when escaping, she had knocked into something and gotten a bruise.

“Missy…” She was scared out of her wits, death was so close to her, even trembling as she walked.

Shang Xin Ci patted her hand, trying to give her assurance. However, she herself was pale.

Along the way, corpses lined the road as blood flowed into the wilderness. Broken carriage wheels, dead ostriches, and the corpses of black skin fat beetles and winged snakes laid on the pavements.

As the survivors gathered together, anguished cries, sniffing and painful growls mixed into one.

As the leader of the caravan, Jia Long’s face was as black as charcoal. The fatalities were too severe this time, the entire caravan lost majority of its members, less than a-tenth remained, most were crippled.

After gathering the people, only a hundred were left. Majority were Gu Masters, and few were mortals.

The strongest Jia clan and Chen clan were deep in losses, not to mention the others. Lin clan had only three Gu Masters left, and some unfortunate clans’ groups were completely wiped out.

The rainforest also had its danger, many people did not die from the white feather flying elephants’ rampage, but were attacked by the wild beasts and poisonous worms in the rainforest.

“Bai Yun, it is great to see you. Earlier in the rainforest, thanks for drawing a white feather flying elephant away from us.” Among the people, Shang Xin Ci found Bai Ning Bing and thanked her.

Fang Yuan did not trust Bai Ning Bing, afraid she would collude with Zhang Zhu, thus he went to kill Zhang Zhu personally. As a result, Bai Ning Bing followed Shang Xin Ci in secret to protect her life.

“This is nothing, I always return kindness. Zhang clan lady, what saved you is not me, but your kind actions in the past.” Bai Ning Bing said.

She was always quiet and solemn, almost never speaking. Even if she spoke, she suppressed and changed her voice intentionally.

But now she no longer concealed it, using her normal voice to speak, her tone was cold and indifferent, but clear and evidently female, causing Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die’s face to turn slightly shocked.

“That’s right, Bai Yun, did you see Uncle Zhang Zhu?” Shang Xin Ci asked anxiously: “I’ve looked around but did not manage to find him.”

Bai Ning Bing sighed, since Fang Yuan returned, she knew Zhang Zhu was definitely dead.

“No worries lady, Zhang Zhu is a Gu Master, having the ability to protect himself. He might be on the way back.” She consoled.

“Hopefully so.” Shang Xin Ci’s eyebrows were tightly knit, as the uneasiness in her heart intensified.

At the other side, Leader Jia Long stood at a high ground, shouting: “Everyone, listen up. The smell here will soon attract other beast groups. We have to leave quickly. Everyone move quickly, bring along all the goods that you can salvage. Those that are too heavy, we will have to discard them. In thirty minutes, we must leave this area.”

The danger was not over yet, everyone could only force themselves to work under the intense grief.

“Save me, someone please save me! I am still bleeding…”

“Bring me along, I am only crippled in one leg, I can still walk.”

“I’m begging you, I’ll pay with primeval stones. Two, three? Even four will do!”

Those family servants who were severely injured and could not move all begged earnestly.

Very few people received help, those who were injured or crippled could not help out in manual labor and were a burden. Many were heartlessly left behind.

Seeing everyone leave, many went into a frenzy and started to curse.

Many crawled on the ground and tried to catch up to the caravan.

“Save me, Lady Zhang, you are the kindest person!”

“Lady Zhang, please show mercy…”

Shang Xin Ci’s footsteps halted, her lips trembling, her face was pale without any blood circulation as her eyes darted around frantically.

The mountain winds blew on her green blouse, and her messy hair made her appear like a small grass in the middle of a storm.

“Lady Zhang, quickly leave. Now is not the time to be kind.” Fang Yuan got to her side, and held her arm, forcing her to move ahead.

Xiao Die who could not stop talking normally kept her mouth shut, moving along silently, her legs trembling.

“Trust me, everything will get better.” Fang Yuan said in a gentle tone.

Shang Xin Ci grabbed her chest, breathing in deeply. It was as if oxygen was thin and she could not breathe properly.

At the start, she used her nose to breathe, but soon she opened her mouth and swallowed mouthfuls of air.

Her footsteps became more unsteady, as her limbs grew weak, if not for Fang Yuan supporting her, she might have collapsed on the ground already.

The smell of blood assaulted her nose as her entire body was drenched from sweat. When the mountain winds blew, she shuddered from the cold.

But after this shiver, her breathing gradually calmed down.

After a few more steps, she no longer needed to breathe heavily. After thirty steps, she closed her mouth and her nasal breathing slowed. After fifty steps, her footsteps gradually gained strength, and she no longer needed Fang Yuan’s support.

The mountain path extended up the cliff, she walked to the top of a slope and the mountain winds blew her hair all over the place.

She stretched out her arm, and began to comb them.

When she had finally finished arranging her hair, the confusion, fear, and worry in her expression vanished, only a sturdy determined gaze remained.

“Thank you.” She said to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan nodded, letting go of her arm.

On the slope, she gradually stopped her steps, looking back.

“Do you know? This is the most difficult road I’ve walked on since my birth.” She sighed in agony, her face still pale but her voice was extremely gentle and soft.

Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile, so this is Shang Xin Ci? As expected of the person that impacted the southern borders.

Even Bai Ning Bing looked twice, seeing Shang Xin Ci in a different light.

To a mortal young girl, after encountering such a disaster, being able to reorganise herself so quickly was an amazing feat.

On this road, voices of crying and pleas were constantly heard, this was nothing to Fang and Bai, but to Shang Xin Ci, it was a great torture and interrogation!

Especially after Zhang Zhu’s disappearance, after losing her greatest reliance, Shang Xin Ci could still bravely face this situation head on, it was truly outstanding.

On this road, although it was an ordinary mountain path, it was a difficult trial of the heart. Shang Xin Xi gritted her teeth, and did not collapse, walking past with determination.

At this instant, she matured.

Fang Yuan suddenly laughed lightly, staring at Shang Xin Ci deeply: “Lady Zhang, since you are so kind, why did you not save those who were abandoned?”

This attracted Xiao Die’s furious stare.

Shang Xin Ci laughed bitterly: “If I could save them, I would definitely do it, but unfortunately, no matter what I try, I cannot save these people.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “This is the part where I admire you the most. Irrational kindness is a crime. Although you are a mortal, you have my respect. Lady Zhang, in life, there are many obstacles, sometimes the road might be very dirty and difficult, but as long as you do all that you can, you will have a peace of mind.”

Shang Xin Ci looked at Fang Yuan, light shining in her beautiful eyes.

She had guessed long ago, that Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were not mortals. From his tone earlier, she finally confirmed this.

In her perspective, she had unknowingly given Fang and Bai some help, these were small acts of kindness, but it won their recognition and admiration.

Afterwards, Fang and Bai helped her many times, first during Fei Hou mountain, and later earning money for her. And a moment ago, they saved her life.

She was a weak girl, chased from her clan, and even lost half of her goods, what did she have that they could exploit?

Nothing!

Under such circumstances, they still stood by her side. Just this action, she could tell that although they were mysterious, their nature were pure and righteous, as true beauty and kindness hid in their hearts.

Meeting them, was her fortune.

Thinking so, Shang Xin Ci’s heart was palpitating with gratitude, as she stared at Fang Yuan deeply, saying sincerely.

“Thank you.”

Just two words, expressed the immense gratitude in her heart.

Bai Ning Bing could not help but roll her eyes.

If Shang Xin Ci found out that the entire misfortune was caused by Fang Yuan singlehandedly, who knows how she would react to that?



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 249: A droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“The report on casualties have come out; right now, we are left with a hundred and thirty seven people, among which seventy eight are Gu Masters and fifty nine are mortals.” A vice leader reported to everyone.

At this time, in this tattered tent, the surviving leaders of the caravan were all gathered together, discussing their options.

The mood was heavy and oppressive.

The caravan leader Jia Long was frowning and his brows almost tightened into a knot when he heard the report.

Their caravan had originally been a large-sized caravan with over a thousand people, but now it was down to this pathetic number. One might think seventy eight Gu Masters were quite a high number, but only twelve were rank three Gu Masters, twenty eight were rank two and remaining thirty eight were all rank one Gu Masters.

This number included all the injured and disabled Gu Masters. In truth, the amount of Gu Masters who still retained their strength did not amount to even half.

Mortal lives were cheap, they could abandon these servants, but Gu Masters were different.

Every Gu Master was a precious resource to their clans, they couldn’t be abandoned.

Jia Long knew these disabled Gu Masters were a huge burden to the caravan, and were just adding more problems to the already crumbling logistics department of the caravan to preserve their lives and treat their injuries.

However, Jia Long didn’t dare to abandon them, if he abandoned the Gu Masters, the morale would completely break down and all the remaining Gu Masters would feel insecure; the whole caravan would collapse. Their end result would be food for the beast groups.

At this time, the vice leader who had reported the statistics, changed the subject: “The only fortunate thing is there are still a lot of goods remaining in the caravan. If we distribute these ownerless goods, then the primeval stones we distribute will be enough to make up for most of our losses.”

In the calamity just before, there were many deaths but the loss to goods was instead few.

If the goods were equally distributed, the survivors could instead profit from this.

Almost everyone present in the tent had shining eyes now.

Merchants chased after profits, even if they were in danger, this innate nature did not change.

The group of people began looking at each other before vice leader Chen Shuang Jin coughed: “I feel that equal distribution isn’t quite proper. In the battle just before, my Chen Clan has sacrificed the most and has also killed the most white feather flying elephants. I want at least thirty percent of these ownerless goods!”

“Thirty percent?”

“Impossible!”

“How much did your Chen Clan sacrifice? What about my Wei Chi Clan that had to sacrifice a young rank two peak stage genius?”

“No matter what, our Zhi Clan demands twenty percent.”

 …

The commotion in the tent began to turn into disputes. Everyone felt greed in front of benefits.

Only Shang Xin Ci was sitting silently in the group.

The stronger groups demanded more; the weaker groups demanded equal distribution.

The dispute was turning fiercer and even attracted many inquiring gazes from outside the tent.

Shang Xin Ci suddenly stood up.

The tent suddenly quietened down.

“Everyone,” Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes swept over everyone, “the urgent matter is not the distribution of these goods but how we should continue forward. Maybe there will be more beast groups at the next moment! We are in the same boat and are tied together by fate. However, our individual strength is limited, so we need to collaborate together to have a chance at survival.”

She paused for a moment and continued, “I suggest that we will all contribute our goods and take out the things which can be helpful to us. As I proposed it, my Zhang Clan shall act as the example; I am willing to contribute all of the goods in my possession without seeking compensation.”

“What?”

“Free contribution?!”

Momentarily, many became tongue-tied; Chen Shuang Jin, Jia Long and others all showed different expressions.

“I am tired, I hope everyone can agree on an effective method soon. I will take my leave.” Saying this, Shang Xin Ci nodded her head and opened the tent flap.

She hadn’t even walked five steps out of the tent, when a huge commotion broke out in the tent.

Now that Zhang Clan’s goods were also added on the list, the benefits had become even higher, making everyone frantic.

Shang Xin Ci’s steps slowed, but she just clenched her fists and heaved a deep sigh.

She was also a merchant and naturally wanted to chase after profits. Her so-called ‘voluntary contribution’ just before was of course not heartfelt.

It was just that the current situation had forced her. She was like a child who was carrying a large sum of money and had no choice but to protect herself as she walked among the adults.

When she walked back to her tent, she saw Xiao Die curling up and weeping at the corner, her eyes bloodshot.

She had grown up and lived together with Shang Xin Ci almost all her life. The horror from white feather flying elephants was bursting out right now.

“Xiao Die.” Shang Xin Ci sighed and sat beside her, consoling.

“Missy, I am scared. Weep weep…. Lord Zhang Zhu hasn’t returned yet, it can’t be, it can’t be…” Xiao Die buried her head in Shang Xin Ci’s chest as she wept bitter tears.

Shang Xin Ci patted her back and spoke words of comfort, but Xiao Die still continued to cry.

“Xiao Die, Uncle Zhang Zhu might not return ever again.” Shang Xin Ci said in a heavy tone.

The moment these words were said, she clearly felt Xiao Die’s body shiver.

“Missy… that’s not true, that can’t be!” Xiao Die raised her head, her eyes were bloodshot and she was repeatedly shaking her head.

“Accept the truth, Xiao Die!” Shang Xin Ci suddenly said in a strict voice, “From now on, we can only rely on ourselves. Don’t cry, don’t cry, crying won’t solve any problems!”

“Rely on ourselves? But we are both mortals, if not for Lord Zhang Zhu, we couldn’t have even embarked on this expedition.” Xiao Die said with eyes filled with tears, her morale low.

“You are right. If it was not for Uncle Zhang Zhu’s identity, how could these people let me become on of the vice leaders. Xiao Die, you are right, we are mortals; but mortals also have their strengths!” Shang Xin Ci’s gaze flashed with a resolute light.

She looked at Xiao Die with her bright gaze and shook Xiao Die’s arm: “Xiao Die, do you believe in me?”

As Xiao Die looked at the current Shang Xin Ci, she felt an unknown strength filling her.

This strength came from Shang Xin Ci and then pervaded her body, influencing her heart and making her feel like she was being illuminated by light.

“Missy…” Xiao Die’s gaze flashed, she had never seen this form of her lady; at this instant, she felt that her lady looked more beautiful than ever before.

“I believe you!” She answered softly but resolutely.

“Good. Listen properly, we are in a dangerous situation now, sometimes people can be more dreadful than wild beasts. Bring all our savings and let’s go find Hei Tu and Bai Yun.”

“Okay. I will do as you say missy!”

 …

After about five minutes.

In the tent, Fang Yuan and Shang Xin Ci was sitting cross-legged opposite each other.

Fang Yuan stared ruminatingly at the beautiful girl in front of him: “You are telling me, you’ve already contributed all of our goods for free? To those insatiable hyenas?”

“Yes, that is so.” Shang Xin Ci calmly admitted.

Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, his gaze towards Shang Xin Ci was filled with admiration.

She was truly smart, having the resolution to let go!

Zhang Zhu was dead, Shang Xin Ci was only a mortal and even if she represented Zhang Clan, her position was not equal to the other vice leaders.

It would be easy for these Gu Masters to swallow Shang Xin Ci’s properties.

They would kill Shang Xin Ci and put the blame on the beast groups, no one could say anything at that time. Zhang Clan also wouldn’t investigate thoroughly for a mere Shang Xin Ci.

To Shang Xin Ci, these goods on her hands had become incomparably hot and could court disaster towards her. Hence, she wisely chose to give up these cause of disaster to others, and guarantee her safety.

However, she was very aware that this type of safety wasn’t reliable at all and thus came here.

“I came here to apologize to you, I am really sorry.” Shang Xin Ci bowed towards Fang Yuan, “You borrowed these goods, so these goods should have been yours, but I rudely took the matters into my own hands. As an apology, I ask you to please accept these.”

Shang Xin Ci brought forward the two wooden trunks.

Without even opening them, Fang Yuan knew these trunks were filled with primeval stones.

Most of it was what he earned himself and the fifty-fifty percentage shares of Shang Xin Ci as well.

Fang Yuan couldn’t help but observe Shang Xin Ci.

Their gazes met each other in the air, gradually coming to a tacit understanding.

They were both smart and understood many things without them having been said.

In Shang Xin Ci’s perception, Fang Yuan was deliberately hiding his identity and could very possibly be a Gu Master. From all his behaviors till now, Shang Xin Ci felt he was a reliable person. If there was someone who could still help her, Fang Yuan was no doubt the best choice because she felt at ease towards him.

However, she also had some misgivings. First, she didn’t know what strength Fang Yuan truly possessed; there was a huge difference between rank one, rank two or rank three. Secondly, there was definitely some painful backstory for Fang Yuan to hide his identity, so he might not necessarily reveal his identity to help her.

Shang Xin Ci had offered up all the goods without getting Fang Yuan’s consent, and after getting the most basic guarantee for safety, she brought out all her savings to find Fang Yuan. She was saying it was her apology, but this action was actually inviting Fang Yuan to her side, hoping to obtain his help.

She knew Fang Yuan and her were the same type of people, and could come to a tacit understanding of smart people.

The two gazed at each other for a long while before Fang Yuan smiled and broke the silence: “These primeval stones, it is better for Lady Zhang to take them back.”

Shang Xin Ci’s expression slightly paled as her heart sank.

From her understanding, Fang Yuan refusing these primeval stones meant he was refusing to help her.

However, what could she do about this?

Even if she talked of it, Fang Yuan had already repaid her many times over; there were very few people in the world who would do this. Shang Xin Ci couldn’t demand anything.

However, if Hei Tu didn’t help her, who else was there? Bai Yun? That wasn’t like to work, they seemed to have very intimate relationship; advancing or retreating together.

Shang Xin Ci couldn’t think of any other person, a bitter smile appeared in her beautiful appearance: “I understand. But these primeval stones are my gift to you. Ordinary people holding treasures will court calamity, if you don’t accept them, I might have to contribute them too.”

Fang Yuan laughed: “Lady Zhang, you misunderstood me. When I and Bai Yun had just entered the caravan, we were severely wounded and were barely hanging by a thread. Our strength had fallen to an all-time low and our goods were even coveted by some strong servants. Truly, when you are low and down, even scums come to bully you . It was you who sheltered us and gave us enough time to recuperate. It won’t be wrong to see this favor as saving our lives.”

“And I am someone who repays kindness and takes revenge for enmity. Although you are a mortal, I acknowledge you and even admire you. It is fate we met each other among such a vast population. A droplet of water received in need will be repaid with a whole spring , let alone the favor of saving life. Take back the primeval stones, I will definitely protect you with all my strength!”

“Ah….” Shang Xin Ci couldn’t help giving a soft cry.

Her eyelashes shook and her eyes reddened, turning tearful.

Because of her tears, Fang Yuan appeared blurry in her vision. However, in her heart, Fang Yuan’s image became incomparably clear.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 250: Truly Demonic Gu Masters! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

As the saying goes, adding icing on the cake cannot compare to offering help in times of need .

Troubled times and turbulence revealed people’s true colors.

Fang Yuan, however, wasn’t concerned with Shang Xin Ci’s expression; next was the truly important thing.

He continued: “There is something I must tell you.”

“Please speak.” Shang Xin Ci wiped the corners of her eyes with her jade-like fingers, and adjusted her mood.

“Bai Yun and I are demonic path Gu Masters.” Fang Yuan said.

Shang Xin Ci wasn’t surprised and instead nodded her head. She had already anticipated this. Previously, Zhang Zhu had also guessed this and had reminded her to be on guard against Fang and Bai.

She was thus mentally prepared and could calmly accept this shocking statement.

She didn’t have the aptitude to cultivate and was, moreover, an illegitimate child; her different life experience made her mature fast and have a deep understanding of the world’s nature.

What’s more, right now, she didn’t have any other better options.

Fang Yuan’s voice turned cold: “Those from the demonic path are vicious and merciless. Bai Yun and I are no exception; we have taken lives.”

Shang Xin Ci subconsciously puckered her lips.

“You have to trust me, for me to be able to help you. But rest assured, after I feel that I have repaid your favor in full, I will quietly leave. Others will not associate you with demonic Gu Masters. But before that, Bai Yun and I will show up as Zhang Clan’s Gu Masters, I hope that you can clarify our identities.” Fang Yuan indifferently said.

Shang Xin Ci revealed a resolute gaze: “Lord Hei Tu, just address me as Xin Ci. You are of demonic path, but you are frank and someone of principles. Xin Ci is not pedantic, those righteous Gu Masters are mostly just hypocrites, being able to receive your protection is my fortune.”

“Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly and looked deeply at Shang Xin Ci, “As long as you don’t regret it later.”

Shang Xin Ci was just about to speak when there came a sound from outside the tent.

“Zhang Xin Ci is in this tent?” It was an arrogant and youthful male voice.

“Lord Gu Master, please stay where you are. Missy is having an important discussion inside.” Xiao Die blocked the man.

“Important discussion? Haha, all of your Zhang Clan’s goods have been donated, what important matters could there be to discuss?” The man sneered.

“Lord Gu Master… aahhh!” Xiao Die suddenly screamed, and then there was the sound of her falling to the ground.

“Get lost, you lowly slave dare to block my, Ou Fei’s, path?!”

Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes immediately flashed with panic and worry; she was about to stand up, but was blocked by Fang Yuan.

The tent flap was suddenly lifted and a devious looking young Gu Master appeared in front of the two.

“Zhang Xin Ci!” The young Gu Master’s gaze immediately landed on Shang Xin Ci’s body, without bothering to conceal the lustful desire within.

“Haha, you were here, I have been looking all over for you.” He curled up his lips and raised his head, looking at Shang Xin Ci as if everything was under his control.

Shang Xin Ci was wearing green clothings, and looked like a delicate lotus; there seemed to be nothing more beautiful than her.

This beautiful figure was already ingrained into many hearts in the caravan. Ou Fei was one of them; he had always yearned for her and wooed after her several times, but was always rejected by Shang Xin Ci. He had thought of using force, but had to control himself because of Zhang Zhu’s presence.

Now, the only Gu Master from Zhang Clan in the caravan, Zhang Zhu, was dead. Shang Xin Ci was just a mere mortal but was so beautiful; Ou Fei had been coveting her in his heart and now he had this chance.

Ou Fei’s lustful and invading gaze made Shang Xin Ci’s heart twinge, her mood turning dismal.

She had given up the goods of her own accord, but was still not able to obtain safety. Her appearance had become a curse. These righteous Gu Masters who normally appeared dignified had now torn their masks.

Shang Xin Ci was clear that this Ou Fei was only the most impatient one and there were still many other wolves like him.

“I am not sure for what matters has Lord Ou Fei come for?” Shang Xin Ci stood up and asked in greeting.

“Hahaha!” Ou Fei threw his head back and laughed, “I came to help you, Xin Ci. Darling, the Gu Master protecting you has still not returned, he is definitely dead. You are only a weak woman, and as long as you rely on me, you can live safely. Pitiful girl, you don’t need to thank me, this is how kind I am, just follow me.”

Saying so, he walked forward to grab Shang Xin Ci.

Shang Xin Ci’s face was pale, she was a young girl after all and couldn’t help taking a step back.

This delicate and pitiful look, instead ignited the lust in Ou Fei.

“Missy, you can’t go with him!” Xiao Die ran into the tent and opened her arms to block in front of Ou Fei.

Ou Fei became furious, and immediately slapped Xiao Die.

Xiao Die tumbled onto the ground, her cheek was already swollen up. She felt dizzy and her ears were ringing from the slap.

“Xiao Die!” Shang Xin Ci quickly crouched down and supported her.

“Missy, leave quickly. Even if I die, I won’t let you take Missy!” Xiao Die slowly stood up and stared fiercely at Ou Fei; her gaze carried fear, anger and also decisiveness.

“You lowly servant, you want to die, I will fulfill your wish!” Ou Fei was going crazy with anger, he raised his hand and slapped down.

However, the next moment, a sturdy hand stretched out from seemingly nothingness, and fiercely grabbed his arm.

“Who is it?!” Ou Fei was startled, but when he looked at the person that was grabbing his arm, he only saw an ugly servant.

“Such audacity!” Ou Fei’s expression twisted into one full of anger.

He tried taking back his arm, but Fang Yuan’s arm was like iron pincers and didn’t even move a bit.

“Dog slave, you are still not releasing your hand?!” Ou Fei’s anger had reached the peak, turning into huge killing intent. He was going to activate his primeval essence when Fang Yuan suddenly smiled.

His whole face was full of burn injuries and he was also one ear short; right now as he smiled, he appeared extremely terrifying.

Ou Fei’s heart immediately palpitated; Fang Yuan had already released his hand.

Then.

He raised his leg and gave a strong kick at Ou Fei’s stomach.

Bang.

Ou Fei only felt an enormous strength – that he had no way to resist – attack him. With the intense pain that followed, his whole body flew out of the tent like tattered rags, stopping only after twenty to thirty feet.

For a person to shoot out from a tent was a rather big commotion.

The surrounding people stopped to watch the show.

The tent flap was torn when Ou Fei flew out. From the torn hole, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die saw Ou Fei lying motionless on the ground.

The two were dumbfounded.

Merchants always paid particular attention to amiability with others, even putting on smiles when they were wronged. Shang Xin Ci’s came from a poor background, she had already learned to endure and was used to lowering her head. Although she had rank three Zhang Zhu before, he was after all a healing Gu Master and couldn’t do much by himself; most of the conflicting views had to be resolved warmly. Peacefully like the flow of water or the thawing of snow.

However, Fang Yuan’s sudden kick was like a crash of thunder, a steep cliff; with no hints of moderation and restraint, it carried a dominating tyranny.

This intense violence far surpassed the two girl’s imagination.

Ou Fei laid on the ground, stupefied for several seconds. Then the intense pain in his stomach aroused strong hatred and anger in him.

Someone had kicked him and that someone was even a servant!

“Bastard, you actually dared to kick me! How dare you kick me? You lowly mortal, you are asking for death! I will cut your corpse into thousand pieces!!” Ou Fei growled in fury and stood up from the ground.

The anger made his whole face red, he was gritting his teeth and his eyes clearly showed his anger; he looked just like a wild beast that was about to devour a human.

“Go and die!” He crazily charged towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan took a steady step forward, and blocked in front of the two girls with his head high and chest out.

Ou Fei suddenly jumped when he reached close, he reached the heights of twenty feet before diving down at Fang Yuan.

“I will swat you into meat paste!” He shouted and stretched out his two palms.

Under the influence of his Gu, his palms increased in size by over three times, and as it ruthlessly came down on Fang Yuan, even the wind seemed to scream indicating at its violent strength.

If Fang Yuan was truly a mortal, he would definitely be swatted into meat paste by Ou Fei’s palms, dying a terrible death.

However, he was no mortal.

Not only that, he was a rank two upper stage Gu Master.

And not only was he a rank two upper stage Gu Master, he even had a portion of rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence in his aperture.

Since his advancement to rank two, Fang Yuan’s aperture had been able to contain some snow silver primeval essence. Especially during the frequent attacks by the beast groups, Fang Yuan had stored a portion of snow silver primeval essence to avoid any mishaps. Hence, Fang Yuan might be at rank two upper stage, but his fighting prowess wasn’t limited to that.

And this Ou Fei – was no more than a rank two initial stage trash.

Whoosh!

The strong wind brought forth by Ou Fei’s attack, was blowing at the two girls’ bunned hair.

Xiao Die’s face was deathly pale upon seeing Ou Fei descending like a deity, his two hands swatting down with an extreme power.

Shang Xin Ci’s heart was also palpitating, and couldn’t help but shout: “Careful!”

Fang Yuan only scoffed, before lightly flicking his forefinger.

Spiral bone spear Gu!

A spiral bone spear suddenly shot out towards the sky.

“What?!” Ou Fei was shocked, his mind was in chaos as he tried to immediately dodge.

The bone spear pierced through his defense and skewered his shoulder, before stopping at the scapula; fresh blood spewed out of the wound.

The pain immediately stopped the momentum of Ou Fei’s dive and he fell down on the ground in a sorry state.

“You are actually a Gu Master!” He cried out in panic and surprise.

Fang Yuan didn’t reply, he just rushed forward and smashed his right fist at Ou Fei.

Ou Fei was dazed as he looked at the fist rapidly expanding towards him.

“Damn it!” He cursed and promptly activated his Gu worm as well as subconsciously raising his fan sized palm to block the attack.

Bang!

The strength of two boars and a crocodile burst forth.

The enormous strength tore through Ou Fei’s palms, breaking his defense and then struck his face.

His nose bone fractured and his whole face caved in by the attack. The attack sent him flying, blood spurting out wildly all along the way. And as he fell on the ground like tattered rags, he was already as dead as a corpse could be.

“Oh my god, he killed him!”

“A Gu Master was killed!”

The spectators were horrified; some cried in fear and some screamed.

Fang Yuan’s body was covered by a layer of white light. This was the effect of the canopy Gu. He couldn’t have used his strength as he much as he liked without this layer of defense.

“Gu… he is a Gu Master!!” Xiao Die’s eyes widened into the size of saucers.

Shang Xin Ci was also dumbfounded with shock, she suddenly recalled Fang Yuan’s words as she looked at his back.

“Those from the demonic path are vicious and merciless. Bai Yun and I are no exception; we have taken lives.”

They were truly demonic Gu Masters!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 251: The son’s wrongdoings is the father’s failure to teach! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Dead, he is truly dead!”

“What happened?”

“What the heck is happening here?”

Ou Fei’s corpse was on the ground like a dead dog. How could it not attract attention?

In just a short period of time, the commotion here had become so big that it spread throughout the whole camp.

More and more people started gathering. Most of them cried out in surprise when they saw Ou Fei’s corpse, as they would start inquiring about the events.

In moments, the scene was surrounded by layers of human walls; whisperings and discussions could be heard everywhere.

“Two people suddenly fought and one died immediately after. It’s terrible!”

“He is the killer!” Someone cautiously pointed at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was holding his arms crossed at his chest and his head held high. He was standing indifferently at the same spot, and ignored the discussions in the surroundings as if they didn’t exist.

“Hey, he is only a servant, how could he kill a Gu Master?” There were naturally people who were doubtful.

“He is not a servant, I personally saw him shooting out a white spear and also killing Ou Fei in one punch, it frightened the soul out of me!” A Gu Master who had seen the whole event, said.

“A white spear?!” Chen Xin’s heart suddenly jumped when he heard this.

He had accidentally witnessed the death of Zhang Zhu and the image of Fang Yuan’s spiral bone spear was deeply ingrained in his mind. Thus, when he heard this sensitive term ‘white spear’, he immediately linked both scenes.

“What is happening? What the hell happened here!?” Jia Long’s displeased voice travelled over.

“Ah, it is the caravan leader and the vice leaders too.” The crowd quickly made a way.

“Someone is dead!”

“Alright, someone was killed… eh, isn’t this vice leader Ou’s son?”

The vice leader who looked at this scene commented in a low voice.

Just after he finished speaking, a mournful scream resounded in everyone’s ears.

“Ahh! My son!! What happened to you, what happened to you?!” A figure rapidly ran to Ou Fei’s corpse, then his movement slowed down all of a sudden.

This person was Ou Clan’s Ou Yang Gong; he was short and thin, with an aquiline nose.

Ou Fei’s face was completely smashed, his brains and blood mixed together to form a small puddle on the ground. It was clear his life force was already completely extinguished.

Ou Yang Gong fixed his eyes at his son’s corpse, tears rolling down his face: “My son, you died such a terrible death. Who was it!? Who was the one that killed my son so viciously!? I am going to rip him into pieces!!”

He was ballistic with anger and his scream was like the ravings of a madman.

Seemingly as a reply to his question, every gazes gathered on Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan sneered and calmly said: “Of course it is me. Are you blind? I have been standing here for so long and you couldn’t see me?”

Such an arrogant reply caused the crowd to immediately fall into a clamor.

Jia Long and other vice leaders also couldn’t help frowning.

Fang Yuan’s fearless appearance was causing them to hesitate. In particular, Fang Yuan’s servant clothings made them unable to see the ins and outs of this situation, thus they cautiously chose to stay on the sidelines.

“You are the killer!” Ou Yang Gong stared intently at Fang Yuan with gaze as sharp as a knife, but despite being almost crazed with hatred, he didn’t make a move.

Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.

His own son was lying dead in front of him, but this Ou Yang Gong was actually restraining his killing intent and didn’t rush at him.

Actually, who among those who travelled outside to trade weren’t observant? Ou Yang Gong had lived for so long and was habituated to life or death in his travels. He was an elder and being able to stand in such a high position in Ou Clan was a proof of his ability.

However, him not making a move didn’t mean Fang Yuan wouldn’t.

In all honesty, Ou Fei’s appearance had made Fang Yuan extremely happy — he would make an example out of him as a warning to others, and his strong presence could then awe the crowd.

 But just an Ou Fei wasn’t enough for it. But what if he added in this Ou Yang Gong….

Hahaha, that would be perfect!

Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into an evil smile as he thought of this: “Old man, you appeared just in time. Your son dared to be disrespectful to my clan’s lady, the anger in my heart has yet to dissipate! Your son commited a crime because you didn’t discipline him properly. You are the main cause of this, now pay with your life!”

After saying this, he ran forward and, in a blink of an eye, he was almost about to collide against Ou Yang Gong.

Ou Yang Gong’s beard flew with rage.

What was this nonsense? What twisted reasoning was this!?

This guy was clearly the killer but was framing him as the main culprit!!

He was no longer able to restrain his anger and fiercely struck back at Fang Yuan.

Bang , the two collided against each other.

There was a muffled sound and wind surged around them.

Fang Yuan continuously took five to six steps back before he was able to mitigate the impact. The light armor on him flashed weakly several times and then stabilized; in his aperture, canopy Gu had already become listless.

In contrast, Ou Yang Gong was sent flying like a puppet with its strings cut. He puffed out blood in mid-air, and could barely stand up when he fell on the ground, his face already pale as paper.

Anyone could see who was stronger!

“How could this be?”

“That ugly guy is clearly showing an aura of a rank two Gu Master!”

“Ou Yang Gong is disadvantaged, he is old and has become weak. In contrast, that guy is using his advantage to the fullest…”

The vice leaders quickly analyzed the situation.

“You are courting death!” Ou Yang Gong managed to recover after their initial confrontation, his anger flourished even more, wishing he could immediately rip Fang Yuan into pieces.

Just before, he hadn’t expected Fang Yuan to make the first move and not having any information on Fang Yuan, under the urgency of the situation, he couldn’t think properly and chose to meet Fang Yuan head on.

“Rascal, I will let you know the difference between rank two and rank three!” Ou Yang Gong roared in rage and charged at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was fearless as he maintained the canopy Gu; with a spiral bone spear in one hand, blood moon gu in another and jumping grass on his feet, he also rushed towards Ou Yang Gong.

The crowd quickly retreated, opening up a huge empty space.

Ou Yang Gong was at rank three initial stage, and Fang Yuan was at rank two upper stage; the difference between their cultivation bases was extremely far, with the separation of a small realm and a big realm on top of that.

However, Fang Yuan’s situation was very unusual.

He possessed snow silver primeval essence borrowed from Bai Ning Bing and mostly used rank three Gu worms. His total fighting strength was even higher than Ou Yang Gong.

The two fought for five rounds, but Fang Yuan was still at the dominating end.

The crowd were aghast at this situation.

“Thi.. this.. what the hell is going on?”

“A rank three Gu Master is actually being pressured by a rank two Gu Master?!”

“This is ridiculous!”

The crowd couldn’t believe this scene and many had even dazed expressions.

After several more rounds, Fang Yuan completely maintained the upper hand and was firmly suppressing Ou Yang Gong.

A small portion of the crowd realized something.

“This ugly guy is showing rank two aura, but his true cultivation is definitely above this!”

“Right, he must be using a Gu worm to conceal his aura. We didn’t discover it when he was pretending to be a servant before.”

“This guy is really vicious, he has been targeting Ou Yang Gong’s vital parts. It doesn’t seem to bode well for Ou Yang Gong.”

Right now, Ou Yang Gong was having incessant grievances in his heart, he had thought he could easily beat Fang Yuan, but to think this guy was actually a wolf in sheep’s clothing!

It was no wonder he took the initiative to attack and looked fearless; it was because his cultivation base was not inferior to him.

This guy really was too despicable and shameless!

After several more rounds, the result was clear for all to see, most of the crowd could see how terrible Ou Yang Gong’s situation would be.

“Ou Yang Gong is sure to lose, he will be killed if this continues on!”

“Ou Yang Gong is weaker than the other guy and has been slowly losing since the start of the battle. He won’t be able to avenge his son’s death.”

“This ugly guy is really powerful with such great strength and vicious methods, where in the world did this guy pop out from?”

“I know this guy, he is that servant who won against numerous bandit monkey kings in Fei Hou mountain!”

The crowd commented one after another; they were worried, curious, afraid and shocked.

“Both of you, please stop. There has to be some misunderstandings here!” Seeing Ou Yang Gong about to be killed by Fang Yuan, Jia Long – as the caravan leader – couldn’t just sit back anymore, he quickly moved to the battlefield and interrupted the battle.

Right now, Ou Yang Gong was already soaked with sweat, his heart throbbed rapidly in fear of death and his face was deadly pale; hearing Jia Long’s words, he immediately felt joyous and saw a light of hope.

He immediately got away from Fang Yuan and moved closer to Jia Long.

Fang Yuan quickly swept his eyes and realized he would not be able to reach Ou Yang Fei in time; he gave a loud laugh and his momentum stopped: “Brother Jia Long came in time, let’s use the bone spear to kill him together!”

The moment these words came out, the whole crowd was stumped.

This ugly guy knew Leader Jia Long?

This was the first thought the crowd had.

Greeting in such an affectionate way, their relation looked pretty good.

This was the second thought the crowd had.

No, he might be intentionally saying this to mislead them.

This was the third thought the crowd had.

As the proverb goes, people involved in the situation are baffled while the spectators observe clearly . The spectators weren’t battling, naturally they could think more clearly.

At this moment, Jia Long was feeling bewildered, because he had never even exchanged a word with Fang Yuan before.

Ou Yang Gong was even more bewildered, he couldn’t come to a judgement as to what relation Jia Long and Fang Yuan had. He knew Fang Yuan could just be bluffing, but what if it was true?

If it were to be true, then he would be pincer attacked by Fang Yuan and Jia Long.

It was a matter concerning his own life, Ou Yang Gong naturally wouldn’t dare to take the risk, thus he changed the direction and escaped towards southeast direction, away from Fang Yuan and Jia Long.

“Calm down.” Jia Long immediately stopped to avoid arousing any suspicions.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly and chased.

Ou Yang Gong immediately realized he had fallen in Fang Yuan’s trap, he was just about to speak up when suddenly someone charged out from the crowd – Bai Ning Bing attacked ruthlessly.

In that instant, three spiral bone spears shot out in a row.

“There was actually another person?!” Ou Yang Gong was horrified and subconsciously activated his defensive Gu without even turning around.

However, this Gu was like a spent arrow, it blocked two spiral bone spears, but the third bone spear directly pierced through Ou Yang Fei’s head from the back and penetrated his front skull.

Ou Yang Gong died!

His death caused everyone to turn pale in fright, a huge uproar occurred among all those present.

This was a vice leader of the caravan, a rank three Gu Master!

Ou Yang Gong’s death caused the caravan leader and vice leaders to turn pale, feeling a dense threat.

“Brazen lunatics!”

“They really dared to kill a vice leader!”

“Let’s combine our strength and capture them!!”

“Who dares to capture me?!” Bai Ning Bing threw away her straw hat; her silver hair floated in the air and her cold eyes swept through everyone as she fully released her snow silver primeval essence.

“Ahh, it is snow silver primeval essence!”

“She is actually a rank three peak stage Gu Master!”

In the caravan, only Jia Long was in rank three upper stage, rest of the leaders were either in initial stage or middle stage.

The group that were just about to make their moves, suddenly halted.

“Come if you want to die, hahaha.” Fang Yuan stood side by side with Bai Ning Bing, and willed a thread of snow silver primeval essence from his aperture, playing with it in his hand.

Oh god! Another rank three peak stage!

The crowd trembled in fear, their momentum completely stopped.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing gazed at everyone with cold, indifferent eyes. The camp was silent, completely silent…



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 252: The only thing that matters is strength 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Whoosh…

Mountain winds blew through the camp, enhancing the quietness of the camp even more.

The hundred over people formed a circle; inside the circle were two dead bodies and two standing people.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s gaze slowly swept through everyone, many did not even dare to match their cold gaze.

At the end, Fang and Bai’s gaze landed on Jia Long and other caravan leaders.

These people had charged out aggressively, but were immediately taken aback by the cultivation levels Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing revealed. Right now, they were in a situation where they could neither retreat nor advance.

With the loss of Ou Yang Gong and Ou Fei, the caravan now had eleven rank three, twenty-seven rank two and thirty-eight rank one Gu Masters.

Their combined strength was naturally greater than Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing by a lot.

However!

The caravan was only a temporary mix-match of different groups. These Gu Masters were from their respective clans and were normally engaged in scheming and guarding against each other. They would only cooperate if it was under a favorable situation.

They had their own interests and were not a united block; and had their own ways of doing things.

They were of different minds and would not be easy to lead.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing displayed rank three peak stage cultivation, no doubt they were two tough figures. No single clan could take them down alone, and even if they combined their strength, there would definitely be severe damage to the caravan.

Momentarily, Jia Long, Chen Shuang Jin and other leaders looked at Fang and Bai, before quietly sizing up each other. None of them wanted to be cannon fodder and benefit others instead.

Moreover, the current situation was one where the beast groups frequently attacked, everyone in the caravan were having trouble protecting themselves, let alone care about others.

External pressure and the worries in their heart made them hesitate.

The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into an indistinct smile, their reactions were all within his expectations. Now, it is all up to her.

Although things had escalated quickly and he hadn’t communicated with Shang Xin Ci, Fang Yuan believed she should be able to sense this opportunity with her intelligence.

Sure enough, the next moment, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die walked out of the tent.

“Caravan leaders, these two are my Zhang Clan’s hidden elders: Lord Hei Tu and Lord Bai Yun.” Shang Xin Ci took this chance to introduce them.

Her voice wasn’t loud, but she was the only one speaking among everyone present, thus everyone could clearly hear her.

The caravan leaders all had different expressions, whereas the crowd began to think over the two names – Hei Tu and Bai Yun.

Shang Xin Ci faintly smiled: “The two lords were on a secret clan mission and coincidentally entered this caravan on the way.”

The caravan leaders looked at each other, all falling into silence.

Since they were hidden elders, even Zhang Clan’s clan leader might not necessarily know of their existences. Moreover, the secret clan mission meant it was inappropriate to inquire about their motives.

Shang Xin Ci’s two sentences blocked any questions they wanted to ask.

Of course, although these words were reasonable, it was only a one-sided statement by Shang Xin Ci.

The caravan leaders were all astute, each of them had made their own contemplations in their minds. Nobody was thoroughly convinced and suspicious ones were still suspicious.

But whether suspicious or believing, Fang and Bai’s strength were already displayed before them, so there could only be one way to end this.

Thereupon…

“Hahahah, so it was like that. Everything was a misunderstanding!” Jia Long suddenly laughed, his face revealing a warm smile.

He cupped his hands towards Fang and Bai; and sincerely praised them: “I had never expected such great heroes to be hidden in our midst. This father and son from Ou Clan were indeed too unreasonable and their way of doing things were also questionable. I have already persuaded them many times before but a pity they didn’t take it to heart. Their execution today can be said to be their just deserts.”

These words had immediately concluded this matter.

The other vice leaders also responded at this moment, cupping their hands at Fang and bai while cursing Jia Long inwardly for being shameless.

“Zhang Clan is well known and is worthy of being one of the top clans of our Southern Border!”

“I am Lei Gong Cheng of Lei Clan, it is my good fortune to be able to meet both of you.”

“It is our great fortune that both of you have exterminated evil for us!”

The vice leaders were all full of smiles as they said nonsense, twisting logic as they pleased.

The killers became the righteous representative while the Ou clan’s father and son became evildoers. As for Ou clan’s other Gu Masters, there were only three of them remaining, who cared about their unsightly expressions? In any case, Ou Yang Gong was dead, without a rank three Gu Master, who would dare to be bold? Who could stand up for them?

“You scoundrels, still not greeting the two lords!?” One of the vice leaders shouted while pretending to be displeased.

“We pay respects to Lord Hei Tu and Lord Bai Yun.” Over twenty people immediately bowed and greeted Fang and Bai.

The whole camp was again sent into a clamor.

“The caravan has suffered heavy losses and is on the brink of crisis, it is our fortune to have met both of you. Please, I invite you into the tent to further discuss our situation.” Jia Long walked closer and invited them sincerely.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing glanced at each other, before Fang Yuan walked towards Shang Xin Ci and consulted: “Xin Ci, what is your opinion?”

Seeing this scene, Jia Long immediately raised the status of Shang Xin Ci in his mind.

Shang Xin Ci slightly shook her head and spoke with a delicate tone: “I am tired, it is better for the caravan leaders to discuss together.”

Fang Yuan inwardly praised her intelligence, this was just the time to take a step back to make an opportunity for greater advances later.

He nodded and said in agreement: “Our Zhang Clan’s goods have all been donated, we have no interest towards these and will not interfere.”

“This…” Jia Long hesitated and was about to persuade but Shang Xin Ci had already turned around.

Fang and Bai also left in an impressive way without giving any opportunity to Jia Long, leaving behind this crime scene for others to deal with.

“Alright, everyone get back to your work now. The camp still needs to be strengthened. It is a good thing two rank three peak stage Gu Masters appeared. And the Ou Clan’s people, clean up these two corpses.”

The only three remaining Gu Masters of the Ou Clan ran over. One rank two middle stage and two rank one Gu Masters; tears flowed down their faces as they held in their hatred, lowered their heads and carried the father and son’s corpses.

The crowd slowly dispersed. The high-spirited caravan leaders couldn’t maintain their composure any longer when they were back at the tent, their expressions fluctuating – as the hypocritical smiles disappeared from their faces – into solemness, bewilderment, indifference and worry.

Jia Long slowly sat down on the main seat and spoke with a gloomy voice: “The sudden appearance of two Gu Masters, what do you make of it?”

“Hmph, these are two lawless lunatics, publicly killing people!”

“That pitiful Ou Yang Gong, we were just here sitting with him a moment ago.”

“I feel like these two’s origins are highly suspicious!”

“What hidden elders, that is only that Zhang Clan girl’s one-sided statement. From these two’s behaviors, they are very likely to be demonic Gu Masters.”

“That’s right, occasions like demonic path’s Gu Masters entering the caravan are common. I bet that Zhang Clan girl was threatened by them.”

Jia Long nodded: “My thoughts are also about the same as yours. Zhang Clan’s proud personality and their strengths are all known to us, how could there be any hidden elders? But, these two are vicious and also rank three peak stage….”

“Yes, this is troublesome.”

“These two don’t look to be old, but have already reached rank three peak stage. Such talent….”

“Hahaha, everything has merits and demerits. The way I see it, this is also good. Their strengths will greatly increase our power.” A vice leader spoke.

“The crucial thing is how can we use them for our benefits? Just now, I took the initiative to invite them to discuss these matters and make them work for us, but it ended up in failure.” Jia Long heaved a sigh.

“Hmph, not lending their strength? When the beast groups attack, who can do nothing? By then, it’s not up to them.” A vice leader spoke in a displeased tone.

“This matter needs to be considered properly. Demonic Gu Masters are arrogant and unyielding, trying to force them with only external pressure won’t work, they need to be pressured from both inside and outside.”

“Hmm? I am not sure what Brother Gong Sun is suggesting?”

“My suggestion is simple but I am afraid you might not like it; it is to give a portion of the goods to those two. They will naturally step forward to protect their goods when the time comes.”

The camp fell into silence immediately.

Jia Long looked around before speaking: “This suggestion is good! Humans die for wealth and birds die for food ; without any clan’s backing, demonic Gu Masters have an intense thirst towards cultivation resources. Moreover, you don’t need to be worried about incurring losses, did you forget Ou Clan?”

The pondering gazes of the group immediately started brightening.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s sudden appearance had made Zhang Clan into an influential force in the caravan, while Ou Clan was thrown by them into the weakest position.

Ou Clan’s father and son were dead, the remaining two to three small fry in the Ou Clan group were nothing to worry about. The goods held by Ou Clan seemed quite substantial…

 …

“Uncle… I have an important matter to inform you!” Chen Xin had constantly been paying attention to the tent, and once the discussion inside was over, he approached the Chen Clan’s caravan leader Chen Shuang Jin.

Chen Shuang Jin grabbed his hand: “I know what you want to say. This is not the right place, let’s go.”

The two returned to their own tent and after confirming no one was eavesdropping, Chen Xin spoke: “Uncle, do you remember I reported to you about how Zhang Zhu was murdered?”

Chen Shuang Jin’s face was grave as he nodded his head: “Zhang Zhu was killed by someone with bone spears. And today, that Hei Tu and Bai Yun also used bone spears!”

“That is it! Uncle, those two are harboring some unfathomable motives, are very ruthless. We need to make their crime known and combine our strength to kill off this danger early.” Chen Xin was agitated.

Chen Shuang Jin slowly shook his head and sighed.

Chen Xin was puzzled: “Uncle, you don’t approve?”

“It is not that I don’t approve, but that it is not feasible.”

“I saw with my own eyes, we have evidence. As long as we announce the matter about them killing Zhang Zhu, no one will tolerate these backstabbing traitors!”

“Hmph, evidence? There is witness testimony but what about material evidence?” Chen Shuang Jin scoffed, “Even if we have material evidence, what good it would do? My nephew, only evidence is of no use. The main thing is whether you have the strength! Just before, they killed the Ou Clan’s father and son, you also saw that and others also saw it. We are all witnesses, but is it any use? We are all from different clans, but with us having different motives, how could we deal against these two foes?”

“Uncle, are we going to just ignore them? They are too dangerous, I can’t even sleep properly. What if they find out that I know…” The more Chen Xin spoke, the more fearful he became.

“Hmph, you think too greatly of yourself. You think they don’t know about you? Maybe they already know or maybe they already saw you but didn’t make a move. Why is that? Because you are nothing to worry about! Chen Xin, stop being naive. In this cold world, the only thing that matters is strength!” Chen Shuang Jin heaved a deep sigh.

Chen Xin remained dazed at the spot; he clenched his fists, his uncle’s words struck his young heart and he couldn’t say anything for a long while.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 253: Only the dead are clean 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Dark clouds filled the sky bringing forth a heavy atmosphere and signs of heavy rain.

The caravan moved along the mountain path with a solemn atmosphere.

All the large black skin fat beetles in the caravan were dead; two winged snakes remained but in a crippled state; instead it was the baggage toads that survived mostly, all because they were small in size and moved pretty fast, easily hiding from the wild beasts’ attacks. As for the ostriches, they were similar in size to the backpack toads, but they had a habit of burying their heads in the ground once they sensed any threats, so this caused their casualty to be the highest.

Shang Xin Ci was mixed in the crowd, her gaze somewhat complex as she looked at the dozen of baggage toads beside her.

The goods these baggage toads were carrying were all Zhang Clan’s.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing didn’t participate in the discussion, but the caravan leaders still sent large quantities of goods to her.

“All of this because of strength…” Shang Xin Ci sighed.

Previously, when Zhang Zhu was here, these caravan leaders showed an indifferent attitude; but now, they were polite to the extent that they even seemed to currying favor with her.

Moreover, when these Gu Masters and the servants looked at her now, their gazes carried reverence and fear.

“All these changes are due to them.” Shang Xin Ci gave a complex gaze towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing who were not that far away.

On one hand, she received a feeling of security from Fang and Bai; while on the other hand, the kindhearted her felt fear from how they were able to easily kill people.

“Hahaha, it seems we have really frightened that girl.” Bai Ning Bing was walking side by side with Fang Yuan and feeling Shang Xin Ci’s gaze, she laughed softly.

Seven to eight days had passed since they killed Ou Clan’s father and son.

This had affected the whole caravan, including Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die.

Xiao Die did not even dare to breath loudly in front of Fang and Bai, while Shang Xin Ci also didn’t dare to match Fang Yuan’s gaze anymore.

Such reactions were all within Fang Yuan’s expectations.

This master and servant pair grew up in Zhang Clan since young, the righteous path ideology was ingrained into them. It was inevitable for them to be aware of the differences when Fang and Bai displayed their demonic nature. They would have to change their thought process to accept these two demonic path figures.

Fang Yuan wasn’t worried.

They would have no choice but to accept and compromise when they face external pressure. After all, humans wanted to keep on living. After few beast group attacks, the estrangement in their hearts would gradually disappear.

“The problem now is him.” Fang Yuan looked at Chen Xin.

This young Gu Master was the guy that fled together with Zhang Zhu. Fang Yuan had thought he was already smashed into meat paste by white feather flying elephant, but to think he was actually alive.

Gu Masters that possessed unusual Gu worms, even if their cultivations were not high, could not be looked down upon.

Fang Yuan had lost the earth hearing ear grass and had no other scouting methods, causing him to overlook Chen Xin. He also did not know how much the latter had found out. But regardless, he had countermeasures for everything.

He was cautious in nature and always considered failures first. At that time, he already had measures prepared if someone found out.

Thus, after he killed Zhang Zhu, he intentionally displayed formidable strength. If someone had really found out, they would thus be scared by Fang and Bai’s vicious strength; and would keep themselves hidden.

Ou Clan’s father and son ran themselves into the line of fire; had it not been for Ou Fei coming to find trouble, Fang Yuan would have looked for trouble himself or display his formidable methods during beast group attacks.

Naturally Fang Yuan had many methods to strike back even if he was exposed. The caravan leader Jia Long was one such chess piece.

He was Jia Fu’s subordinate and Fang Yuan had received a token from Jia Fu back at Gu Yue village. As long as he showed the command token, he could obtain Jia Long’s trust for several actions.

However, for every single plan, no matter how perfect it appeared, accidents could always occur when they were implemented.

Also known as: Man proposes but God disposes 1 . 

Even if Fang Yuan had plentiful experience, was astute and had deep foresight, he also had the possibility to fail. But it was because of this, that life could be so brilliant and full of uncertainty.

Fang Yuan’s first consideration was the worst outcome.

If his luck was extremely bad and someone saw him or he left behind ironclad evidence when he killed Zhang Zhu; and it led to Shang Xin Ci realizing the truth, she would feel deep hatred towards him; someone who bit the hands that fed him.

What to do then?

Simple, kill Shang Xin Ci.

She was only a mortal now and killing her was very simple. Shang Clan’s clan leader also didn’t know she was his own daughter; there would be no repercussions from Shang Clan if he killed her secretly.

Looking at the outcome now, Zhang Zhu was dead but Fang Yuan’s luck wasn’t the best as he left behind a trail. But it was also not the worst, at least Shang Xin Ci was still in the dark.

Fang Yuan was sure of this because Shang Xin Ci was still young and her emotions were completely exposed in his eyes.

“There is a crocodile-elephant 2 group ahead!”

“A crocodile-elephant group is charging towards us!!”

“Be on guard, be on guard!”

An investigative Gu Master hurried towards the caravan from ahead, bringing bad news.

A disturbance occurred in the caravan before quickly turning calm.

“It is just crocodile-elephants, no need to panic.”

“We don’t have enough manpower to defend ourselves here.”

“Correct. Everyone disperse, enter the rainforests!”

Gu Masters gave forth the most sensible command; people were already in a very strained state and were able to quickly disperse in all directions.

If they had encountered such situation before Fei Hou mountain, they might be worried about their goods and keep on hesitating. Now however, they firmly gave up the goods without taking another glance at them, concentrating on fleeing.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing directly charged straight into the rainforest while protecting Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die.

He was not surprised at the crocodile-elephant group’s arrival because it was his plan.

Rumble…

The crocodile-elephant group stomped its way through, soon there were blood-curdling screams and sound of trees falling down.

Fang Yuan carefully led Shang Xin Ci and others through the rainforest, but there were too many crocodile-elephants; they still ran into one.

Crocodile-elephants were small in size, about the same size as yaks, which allowed them to be more agile. Their whole body were covered in scales like that of a crocodile with defense that far surpassed white feather flying elephants. Their tails that was similar to that of crocodiles, trailing along the ground.

“Ahh!” Xiao Die let out a scream upon the sight of this hill-like crocodile-elephant charging at them.

Shang Xin Ci was also pale.

“No need to worry.” Fang Yuan indifferently said, before charging towards the crocodile-elephant.

One human and one elephant collided midway; their collision producing a loud sound.

Fang Yuan took two steps back, and the white light armor on his body flickered thrice. But that crocodile-elephant, its skull directly shattered and blood spurted out as it fell on the ground, pushed back by a dozen steps before colliding against the trunk of a large tree and stopped.

“Amazing!” Xiao Die’s eyes were wide open with shock.

This was an ordinary crocodile-elephant and not a hundred beast king, while Fang Yuan possessed snow silver primeval essence along with the strength of two boars and a crocodile; handling it was naturally very easy.

However, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die had never seen such fierce scene.

Zhang Zhu did not have great physical strength and was also a healing Gu Master, so he relied mainly on dodging and assisting during a battle.

Fang Yuan, however, met the attack head on, fighting without restraint; this naturally left a deep impression on the master and servant pair.

About two hours later, the crocodile-elephant group gradually left and the caravan group started walking out of the rainforest.

After the casualties were counted, they had only lost a Gu Master and a dozen servants; it was not a big loss.

The caravan set on their journey again after reorganising all the goods.

Several days later, they were out of Xiang Ya mountain region, and began their journey to Mu Bei mountain.

Within the next half a month, the caravan was attacked by black rock bears, iron crown deers and other beast groups.

And because Fang and Bai acted as inseparable bodyguards, Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die suffered no harm. This close contact all the time started to change the master and servant’s attitude.

Shang Xin Ci started to get much closer to Fang Yuan, cheerfully talking with him and no longer evading his gaze. Xiao Die had completely changed into a worshipper of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

Worshipping the strong was the character of all living beings, because strength meant higher probability of survival.

Moreover, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were people with principles even though they were of demonic path. In the two girls’ perspective, those two did not ask for anything nor took advantage of them, only returning a favor. This conduct was full of heroic aura, and even among righteous path, how many people had such character?

No matter how ugly Fang Yuan looked, in the master and servant’s heart, he was much more likeable than the many hypocritical and crafty righteous path people.

Several days later, the caravan entered Mu Bei mountain region.

Zombies started appearing.

Mu Bei mountain hadn’t always had the same name. Over hundred years ago, there was a large clan on this mountain.

A demonic Gu Master changed everything.

He used to be a servant of this clan. At the day of his wedding, his beautiful wife had been seized by a Gu Master of the clan and humiliated to death.

He buried this hatred deep into his heart and as luck would have it, he obtained the inheritance of ‘Zombie King’, a demonic head.

After enduring hardships for nearly hundred years, with rank five cultivation, he commanded an army of zombies and attacked the clan, slaughtering everyone. He did not spare their corpses, turning them into zombies.

After finishing all this, he erected a huge tombstone in the ruins of the clan.

On the tombstone, he carved his wife’s name.

This event shook the whole Southern Border.

This mountain has been called Mu Bei mountain ever since then. Zombies roamed free on the mountain, killing wild beasts or passerbys, absorbing blood as their food. And the ptomaine on them would infect the corpses, producing new zombies.

Like this, there were endless amount of zombies on Mu Bei mountain.

To protect the safety of the trade route, clans organized zombie hunting squadrons every year to clean up these zombies.

But no matter how much they cleaned up, they could not kill all the zombies due to their endless numbers.

After all, the zombie hunting squadrons were limited in size, with so many mountains in Southern Border and dangers in the way, they had to make considerable expenditures for this long expedition. It was a situation where they had to invest a lot but gained less, and even then it was impossible to overturn Mu Bei mountain. As long as a zombie escaped, a zombie army would appear again after a short while. After failing several times even after large scale expeditions, the enthusiasm of the people started to disappear.

The caravan decided to camp at the base of Mu Bei mountain for the night.

The stars were shining brightly in the sky. Fang Yuan looked at the dark Mo Bei mountain, a thoughtful look flashing through his eyes.

“It is time, these people are no longer valuable. It is time to settle all these troubles.”

Chen Xin must die, but just disposing of him alone could make the situation even more troublesome. How much did he know, who had he revealed to, and were there anyone else who had seen the murder? Fang Yuan didn’t know any of this.

However, Fang Yuan had no intention to find out. Because in his plan, Chen Xin would die and others would also die.

Only the dead are clean



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 254: Assault of the zombie army 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Ding Hao looked down at the caravan from the base of the mountain as he hid behind some bushes, licking his lips excitedly.

“According to the information in the cave, as long as I kill a thousand people and amass a zombie army, I can leave this place and go to Zhao Ze mountain to become a formal disciple of master!”

Ding Hao was originally a villager but was recruited to be a laborer by a passing caravan.

However, the caravan was attacked by a large number of zombies when they were passing through Mu Bei mountain. He was abandoned along with dozens of other servants, as cannon fodder.

While all the other servants died one after another, he ran deep into the mountain in panic. Just when he was driven into a corner, he discovered a cave; none of the zombies dared to approach this cave.

He entered this cave and discovered a demonic inheritance.

As it turns out, this was the hidden inheritance of that demonic Gu Master who killed the whole clan and erected the tombstone in the ruins.

This inheritance was deeply hidden and only mortals were allowed to inherit it.

Ding Hao awakened his aperture in this cave and began to cultivate, passing each test one by one.

He only had C grade aptitude originally, but with the use of a rare Gu in the cave, his aptitude upgraded to B grade.

He concentrated fully on cultivating, and after spending over eight years, he reached rank three realm which was the criteria to enter the final secret chamber.

The final secret chamber contained a stone slab which had an inscription left by that demonic Gu Master: I profess myself as the Second Zombie King. If a fated individual truly arrives here, if you so wish, you can go to Zhao Ze mountain to be my official disciple and follow me to roam the Southern Border.

As the final test, the Second Zombie King required the inheritor to kill thousand people and also raise a large zombie army. There were detailed standards to the test, such as how many white-hair zombies, black-hair zombies and green-hair zombies should be in the zombie army. However, if there was a blue-hair zombie, just one would suffice to meet the condition.

Ding Hao was an honest man and honest people usually had a strong point; they were steadfast.

He cultivated on Mu Bei mountain alone for over eight years. He had to endure the silence and loneliness, having only the zombies as his companions as he cultivated bit by bit to rank three.

He had been a servant who could only be a spectator to the world of Gu Masters, thus he did not understand many things.

During the time of his bewilderment, this inscription on the stone slab no doubt gave him a whole new direction and a goal to strive.

The fact that the Second Zombie King had also been a servant and their backgrounds were similar, resonated even more with Ding Hao’s heart.

After reading the inscription, Ding Hao started killing people and amassing his zombie army.

Ding Hao soon realized these two missions actually complemented each other; he could use the corpses of the people he killed to obtain new zombies and the new zombies could thereby increase his strength to kill more people.

Mu Bei mountain was located by one of the three most important trade routes of Southern Border with caravans passing through it every month.

Ding Hao spent another three years of time to reach this point where he was close to accomplishing the mission.

The caravan at the base of this mountain would be his final stepping stone to success! And it was a perfect prey!

There were caravans of all sizes, some big and some small; Ding Hao could do nothing more than hide far away every time a large scale caravan passed by. He did not dare to attack the mid-scale caravan as well. Only against these small scale caravans, could Ding Hao make his move and secretly command the zombies to attack.

When his luck was good, these caravans would abandon some livestock or servants to flee; when his luck was bad and ran into some tough nuts, the zombies would be slaughtered and inflict great losses to him. At those times, he could only slowly amass more zombies again.

However, this caravan was smaller than even small scale caravans and seemed to have already suffered huge damage. It was like an old man struggling at death’s door who could fall over with a light push.

Ding Hao had confidence he could deal with this caravan.

He even felt this was a gift sent by the heavens.

It was night time, dark clouds flitted past in the sky, hiding the moon.

The light was dim around the camp.

“Kill.” Ding Hao’s eyes suddenly brightened as he willed. The zombie army which was already arranged properly moved stealthily towards the camp from all directions.

“What sound is this?” A very vigilant investigative Gu Master positioned outside the camp seemed to have heard something.

“What is it?!” The few Gu Masters beside him were tensed.

The five Gu Masters motionlessly stared at the darkness ahead of them.

Although the moon was covered by the dark clouds, there was a huge bonfire burning in the camp.

The bonfire produced crackling sounds as the wind brushed past.

In the midst of the flickering flames, a zombie covered with white hair hopped into the investigative Gu Master’s vision.

The few Gu Masters looked at each other before laughing out loud.

“Haha, a white-hair zombie.”

“Tsk, getting worried over nothing, scared the hell out of me.”

“Xiao San, go take care of this unlucky zombie…” The leader of this group of Gu Masters said indifferently.

White-hair zombies were very weak, weaker than even the common wild beasts.

“Yes, boss.” A young Gu Master laughed and walked towards the zombie.

“Be careful of its corpse poison, it will be troublesome if you are infected as I do not have an antidote type Gu.” The healing master in the group reminded.

“Understood, understood. Do you take me as a three-year-old child?” The young Gu Master impatiently waved his hand.

If he was really infected with corpse poison, he could ask other Gu Masters to heal him but it would cost half a primeval stone at minimum.

However, white-hair zombies attacked in a set pattern and was easy to dodge. The young Gu Master had already killed many of them since entering Mu Bei mountain.

“There is no need to worry about this thing as long as I pay attention to dodging… ugh!” The young Gu Master was mumbling to himself when he suddenly stopped on the spot, his voice stuck at his throat.

His pupils shrunk rapidly and his mouth opened wide; his face revealing an extremely frightened expression.

“What is it?” The four Gu Masters at the rear felt something amiss and immediately asked.

The young Gu Master came to his senses, his whole body shook as if it was electrocuted before he immediately turned around and began running.

“Quick, sound the alarm. There are zombies!” He screamed, his face filled with extreme fear.

“It is only a white-hair zombie, why are you freaking out… wha, what the fu-!”

The four Gu Masters all screamed.

There were a few hundred white-hair zombies hopping towards the camp. There were also the stronger black-hair zombies mixed within the horde.

Under the illumination of the bonfire, one could make out the overlapping figures in the darkness but no one knew how many zombies were pressing forward.

Clang Clang Clang…

In the quiet camp, the sound of the bells suddenly rang.

“There is a zombie group moving towards the camp!”

“They have surrounded the whole camp!”

“Quick, quick, everyone prepare to defend…”

Jia Long and some vice leaders climbed up a wooden wall and observed the situation, their expressions extremely grave.

“Damn it, which deity did this caravan offend, such incredibly bad luck!”

“I have been to Mu Bei mountain dozen of times but have never seen such a large scale zombie group…”

“There is no use in complaining. Since we can’t change this situation, we have to fight with our lives on the line if we want to live!”

“We should combine our strength and defeat this zombie group!”

Everyone in the camp felt their morale increasing as they growled in anger. In contrast, the zombie army was completely silent, other than the constant sound of the jumping and landing.

The troop arrangement in the two sides formed a strange and clear contrast.

The battle unfolded completely.

Gu Masters relied on the defense of wooden walls and launched all kinds of long range attacks. All kinds of color flashed around the camp; icicles, fireballs, vines, rolling boulders and so on struck collided right into the vanguard of the zombies.

Large numbers of white-hair zombies fell; cut into pieces, burnt to ashes, froze into ice cubes or stone-rolled into meat paste.

“Kill, slaughter them all. Hahaha…” Ding Hao was observing all this from up the mountain with a cold smile on his face.

He was no longer the inexperienced guy he once was. These white-hair zombies were cannon fodder meant to waste the Gu Masters’ primeval essence.

Sure enough, after some time, the Gu Masters’ attacks became less frequent and weak.

“I am out of steam, I don’t have much primeval essence left.”

“I also need to recover my primeval essence!”

“Can anyone take my place? Damn it, why are these white-hair zombies not decreasing?”

There were too few Gu Masters in the caravan while the white-hair zombies seemed to be endless; finally, they were able to resist the pressure and reach the wooden wall.

Under the attack of the zombie group, these temporarily constructed crude wooden walls immediately let out dangerous creaking sounds.

“Damn it, block them, block them!”

“Call in the reserve forces.”

Both sides entered a deadlock around the wooden wall. One side charged forward while the other side guarded this barrier. The huge losses to the white-hair zombies caused Ding Hao’s heart to ache.

“It is your turn, my babies.” With a thought in his mind, a batch of black-hair zombies charged forward from the rear and entered the battlefield.

White haired zombies were slow and could be harmed by sunlight, so they couldn’t move around in daytime. If they fed on blood for years, they could evolve into black-hair zombies. Black-hair zombies were covered with black hair, their strength and defensive ability were stronger than the white-hair zombies, and their hopping speed was much faster. Although they still received damage from sunlight, they didn’t fear it like the white-hair zombies.

Black-hair zombies had the strength of a hundred beast king!

Ding Hao sent over fifty black-hair zombies in this batch; all of them charging forward in a group. They looked for a gap in the camp’s defensive wall and immediately destroyed a part of it like dried twigs.

Despite the camp sending more manpower to reinforce this gap, several black-hair zombies were still able to charge into the inner camp.

A black-hair zombie swept around its arms and sent a rank one Gu Master flying.

The Gu Master fell on the ground and was unable to stand up immediately. The black-hair zombie pounced at him.

“I am finished!” The Gu Master closed his eyes in despair but suddenly he heard a loud sound.

He opened his eyes; a strong figure was blocking in front of him, while that black-hair zombie collapsed far away.

“It is Lord Hei Tu of Zhang Clan!” The Gu Master’s heart shook.

Grrr!

That black-hair zombie’s chest had caved in from Fang Yuan’s punch but it wasn’t dead, instead it hopped up and charged towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was covered with a layer of white light armor. He slightly frowned and waited for it to come near him, then he grabbed its two arms and pulled them fiercely.

The black-hair zombie was immediately torn apart into two halves.

Foul blood that carried corpse poison splattered but was completely repelled by the white light armor.

Fang Yuan casually threw the two halves of the corpse. Even a myriad beast king level blue-hair zombie would die from such injuries.

“Thank you Lord Hei Tu for saving my life!” The rescued Gu Master was completely absorbed in Fang Yuan’s momentum and said with a voice filled with joy and reverence.

Fang Yuan ignored him but directed his gaze towards the chaotic battlefield.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 255: Ding Hao, get out here! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

By now, the wooden walls were already mostly collapsed, as hordes of zombies charged into the camp and fought with the Gu Masters.

Upon seeing this, Fang Yuan was already certain this zombie army was manipulated by Ding Hao.

If it was an ordinary zombie group, they would all swarm in like bees or the black-hair zombies would attack after the white-hair zombies died. Where would there be battle tactics like shown here, someone was clearly controlling them from behind!

And no doubt, the one controlling these zombies was Ding Hao.

Fang Yuan remembered the Second Zombie King left behind an inheritance after exterminating the clan on Mu Bei mountain. The inheritor of this inheritance was Ding Hao. He later went on to become Second Zombie King’s eldest disciple, and although he was of demonic path, he was very loyal. Later in the battle between Righteous and Demonic on Yi Tian mountain, he took the place of Second Zombie King of his own choice and died in the battle.

“I had thought of looking for you but to think you would deliver yourself to me, that saves me a lot of time.”

Fang Yuan’s plan had been to use this Ding Hao to eradicate the caravan and kill everyone. Although he had methods to attract the beast groups, it wasn’t easy to control the size of it.

The caravan strength had already decreased to a very low level and if large amounts of beast groups were attracted, it would instead cause his own life to be in danger. It would be even more troublesome to protect Shang Xin Ci on top of that.

Under such circumstances, Ding Hao was the perfect chess piece.

“But where is this guy hiding?” Fire blazed all around. Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes and observed his surroundings.

“He needs to be at a high ground if he wants to observe the battlefield and command the zombie army. Of course, he might have other Gu worms which could give him a bird’s eye view of the camp. Regardless, the place he is hiding in should be convenient to escape…”

Fang Yuan lost the earth hearing ear grass and possessed no other investigative methods, thus he had to rely on speculations.

The battles were becoming more desperate; while hundreds of zombies were scattered all over the ground, there were also catastrophic losses to the Gu Masters. Under the endless flood of the zombies, the Gu Masters retreated bit by bit and soon reached the central area of the camp.

There, a bunker was made by piling up goods and some rank one Gu Masters were using many methods to reinforce it.

“There are too many zombies, the defense here will fall sooner or later.”

“We need to break the siege!”

“Break the siege, how will we break through? There are dozens of black-hair zombies!”

“It would be better to reinforce our defense and wait for dawn. The zombies would receive a huge decrease in strength under the sunlight. We won’t even need to make a move and they will retreat by themselves.”

Arguments arose, and people were divided into two sides; one wanted to break through while the other wanted to defend their positions.

The two sides kept on arguing while the zombie horde was already pressing closer.

This temporarily formed caravan showed its biggest weakness right now; being unable to truly unite and lacking a strong figure to take control of the situation.

Fang Yuan had been observing the situation as a spectator; now, he suddenly stood up: “Stop shouting!”

The noisy scene quieted down almost instantly.

In everyone’s eyes, he was a rank three peak stage Gu Master, one of the strongest experts in the caravan. Especially now at this critical life and death juncture, Fang Yuan had even more authority.

Fang Yuan swept his cold and sharp gaze at everyone. His ugly face, under the illumination of the fire, was menacing and ruthless.

“All those that wants to stay and defend are idiots! Why should we stay here if we can break through?” He fiercely scolded, giving off a strong impression.

The Gu Masters who were shouting about staying and defending showed indignant expressions but they didn’t dare to retort; while the Gu Masters who insisted on breaking the siege were joyous.

“Lord Hei Tu is wise!”

“Lord Hei Tu, we will follow you.”

“Right now, only Lord Hei Tu can save us from this desperate crisis!”

They continued to praise Fang Yuan to the high heavens, wanting to make him take charge of the dangerous assault.

However, Fang Yuan sneered and cursed: “Shut up! You bunch thinking of breaking through are even greater fools!”

“Ugh…” The Gu Masters that were praising Fang Yuan stiffened, their expressions fluctuating rapidly; while those who insisted on defending their positions showed ridicule and mocking expressions.

“Then, Sir Hei Tu, what do you suggest?” Jia Long’s expression was dark as he spoke in a heavy voice with an unkind gaze.

“Hmph, be it defending the position or breaking through the siege, the situation needs to be investigated properly first. Do you know the scale of this zombie horde? What if there is a large group of them hiding in the darkness, wouldn’t breaking through then be walking right into a trap? And if this is just all of them and you guys insist on defending your positions while you could clearly escape, the bloody odor would attract more zombies and you would just be sending yourselves to death.” Fang Yuan spoke with such vigor that his saliva went flying out.

Nobody would show a good expression after being scolded harshly.

Chen Shuang Jin asked in a gloomy voice: “Then what good suggestion do you have?”

Fang Yuan opened his eyes wide in anger and pointed at Chen Shuang Jin: “You fools, your brain is filled with shit! I have spoken for so long and no one understands! Of course we are going to break through but first we are going to check our surroundings. Investigative Gu Masters, you need to work hard!”

Being pointed out by Fang Yuan and reprimanded, Chen Shuang Jin’s expression turned ugly and a fire burned in his heart. However, he still vividly remembered that time when Fang Yuan killed Ou Clan father and son, so he could only suppress his anger.

Many became dissatisfied with Fang Yuan’s aggressiveness; but at the same time, in this situation, such aggressiveness instead gave them a sense of indescribable security.

Soon, a group was organized to break through the siege under Fang Yuan’s manipulation.

“Break through that direction.” Fang Yuan said solemnly as he pointed towards southeast direction

“Yes, Lord Hei Tu!”

“Remember, scouting is the priority, protect yourselves and retreat if you can’t continue.” Fang Yuan smiled and patted the group leader’s shoulder.

The group leader’s heart immediately relaxed and Fang Yuan’s image in his mind was no longer as repulsive as before.

The zombie horde reached the final defensive line and battles issued everywhere. Breaking the siege group charged forward three hundred steps before they were forced to retreat.

“Too terrifying, I discovered at least hundreds of zombies in the darkness at that side.” The investigative Gu Master’s heart was still fearful as he made the report.

Everyone turned slightly pale at these words.

“No problem, take a rest. Second group, break through that direction!” Fang Yuan commanded.

This group charged through four to five hundred steps before they had to retreat.

“There are too many zombies…” The investigative Gu Master was pale.

Fang Yuan let them rest, and said to the newly formed third group: “Go in that direction.”

“But that side is a valley.” The group leader was somewhat puzzled.

Slap.

Fang Yuan slapped the man: “If I say go, then go. Don’t give me nonsense!”

The group leader was stunned by the slap, but he didn’t dare to meet Fang Yuan’s angry gaze so he turned around and led his group to the direction Fang Yuan pointed.

Fang Yuan had organized three breaking the siege groups, sending them out to probe the situation and finally rule out the possible areas.

“The only place remaining is that high slope now. If I am not wrong, Ding Hao is definitely hiding there.” Fang Yuan sneered inwardly and continued to arrange breaking the siege groups.

“These people are really not giving up.” Ding Hao’s brows furrowed but soon relaxed, “Haha, you guys might have been able to break through if it was an ordinary zombie horde, but too bad for you, this zombie horde is being controlled by me…”

He mobilized the zombies in the darkness to constantly replenish any gaps. At the same time, he deployed massive forces towards several areas.

Several rounds later, the casualties in breaking the siege groups increased to a disastrous amount.

“This is enough, breaking through can’t succeed, we can’t make any more sacrifices in vain!”

“Sigh, looks like we can only defend our positions….”

“Everyone persevere, endure till the sun rises, these zombies would be weak as paper then.”

“Stop your nonsense, success is in sight! I will personally lead this time. Bai Yun, you stand guard here.” Fang Yuan cursed and aggressively insisted on breaking through.

Because of his aggressiveness, Gu Masters could only form another group.

Eight Gu Masters charged out with Fang Yuan in the lead; with enormous strength combined with snow silver primeval essence and Canopy Gu, he was able to easily force his way through the encirclement.

“Damn, that side is somewhat thin…” Ding Hao also couldn’t prevent Fang Yuan from breaking through.

He hadn’t thought Fang Yuan would choose this side to break through; this side was a dead end and he had continuously mobilized the zombies to other sides to fill up the gaps caused by the previous break through attempts, causing the zombies in this side to be the least in numbers.

“They really succeeded!”

“They broke through!”

The people in the camp were looking at this scene with wide eyes.

Although in the process, five Gu Masters died, Fang Yuan and the two other Gu Masters successfully broke through.

“We are saved, quick, let’s break through that side!” Everyone was joyous in the camp.

“Don’t even think about succeeding!” Ding Hao gritted his teeth and immediately mobilized zombies to fill the gap.

The camp was still in the process of organizing while white-hair zombies were already covering the area Fang Yuan broke through. There were also five black-hair zombies pouncing upon Fang Yuan’s group.

The two Gu Masters were shell-shocked.

“Follow me!” Fang Yuan shouted and charged towards the direction where Ding Hao was hiding.

The two Gu Masters couldn’t think properly because of their fear and subconsciously followed Fang Yuan.

“Hmph, choosing to run towards me, hahaha, it seems even heaven wants you dead…” Ding Hao’s lips curled up as he looked proudly towards two zombies beside him.

These two zombies were huge, with green hair covering their body. They were green-hair zombies which was stronger than black-hair zombies and could show a power equivalent to that of a thousand beast king during night!

Ding Hao was only able to raise these two during his many years in the mountain.

“Go.” He willed and these two green-hair zombies immediately charged out.

Eighty steps later, they met Fang Yuan’s group.

Fang Yuan met one head-on; even though he had strength of two boars and a crocodile, they were evenly matched and both were sent back several steps from the collision.

The two remaining Gu Masters battled the other green-hair zombie, but they were being pressured and the situation already looked dangerous.

“Let me help.” Fang Yuan activated jumping grass and lept towards the battle.

The two Gu Masters were exulted and were about to express their thanks, but without warning, two spiral bone spears shot towards them.

Psh Psh… two piercing sounds determined the two Gu Masters’ deaths.

“Eh?” Ding Hao had been observing the battle and seeing this unexpected change raised a huge doubt in his mind.

This distraction caused the two green-hair zombies to slow down.

The next words Fang Yuan spoke caused even more shock to Ding Hao.

Only to hear him shout: “Ding Hao, get out here!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 256: So you are eldest senior brother 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Ding Hao started to get dizzy as if a flashbang went off in his head.

Who is this guy? He discovered me and even knows my name! Impossible, I have been so careful all these years, never giving myself away. How could he discover me?

Waves rose in Ding Hao’s heart and his thoughts became a whirlpool; the two green-hair zombies along with the black-hair zombies and white-hair zombies around the camp became still.

Everyone in the camp were stunned by this unexpected scene.

However, Ding Hao immediately came to his senses and reacted. The battle in the camp resumed.

Fang Yuan knew he had already half-succeeded upon seeing these two green-hair zombies remaining still. He shouted: “Ding Hao, you will regret if you don’t come out….”

Ding Hao was hiding within some bushes, he gritted his teeth and asked while controlling the green-hair zombies to surround Fang Yuan: “Who are you? How do you know my name?”

Fang Yuan snorted: “Of course it was my master Second Zombie King who told me.”

“Ah?” Ding Hao could not stop but let out a cry of surprise; ‘master’ and ‘Second Zombie King’, these words were like a boulder descending and creating a huge wave in his heart.

He stood up and walked out of the bushes, his two eyes staring tightly at Fang Yuan with shock and doubt.

“Who on earth are you?” Ding Hao anxiously asked.

Fang Yuan snorted and said in an overbearing tone: “Are you deaf? Didn’t you hear me? I am the Second Zombie King’s eldest disciple, Hei Tu. Ding Hao, I will count to three, if you don’t call back these two green-hair zombies by then, hehe….”

“You are eldest senior brother? Wait a second, how did lord benefactor know my name?” Ding Hao held suspicions towards this entire issue, but regardless, he still called back the two green-hair zombies to his side.

Fang Yuan’s expression turned stiff as he scolded: “Who is your eldest senior brother? Master has yet to take you in as his disciple, how dare you pose off as one?”

Ding Hao had no way to retort back.

Fang Yuan tone softened: “Don’t you talk to the stone slab all day, how could master not know your name?”

“Ahh!” Ding Hao uttered a cry of surprise.

All these years, he had lived alone with only the zombies as his companions. When he felt depressed and painful, he would go to the final cave and pour out his heart to the stone slab.

He had never expected Fang Yuan to expose his secrets with one remark.

“I… I thought… that was an ordinary stone slab…” Ding Hao stammered.

“Hmph, what level are you at, of course you cannot understand the profoundness of the stone slab. Master has vast powers, how would you be able to see through it?” Fang Yuan disdainfully sneered.

In actual fact, even if a rank nine Gu Master were to see the stone slab, they wouldn’t be able to see the ‘profoundness’ of it. That was just a common stone slab. However, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, Ding Hao himself had personally narrated it in his recollection of his struggles in life after he made a name for himself.

Ding Hao licked his dry lips, he was almost fully convinced but he still had some doubts.

He gave a deep bow towards Fang Yuan and cupped his hands: “Lord Hei Tu, since you are master’s disciple, then please show me our unique characteristic, the zombie heart Gu.”

Zombie heart Gu was a Gu specific to the zombie king’s lineage. It resembled a heart, had seven holes and was stiff as stone. It was a rank three Gu, was cold to the touch and seemed to be made of bronze.

Zombie heart Gu could produce rank two running corpse Gu. It was similar to charred thunder potato mother Gu which could produce charred thunder potato Gu.

Rank two running corpse gu was also a consumable Gu and was used on corpses to form zombies.

However, it had an advantage over charred thunder potato Gu; the zombies it created could grow up and advance a stage. For instance, white-hair zombies could become black-hair zombies, black-hair zombies could become green-hair zombies and so on.

Fang Yuan possessed charred thunder potato mother Gu, but he had no zombie heart Gu.

However, he was not in the least nervous towards Ding Hao’s request; he opened his mouth and boldly scolded: “Cut your crap, I am on a secret mission assigned by master, I had to disguise my identity to join the caravan, how could I carry zombie heart Gu with me? Zombie heart Gu feeds upon zombies, how could I get zombies in full view of everyone?”

“Ah, thi-this…” Ding Hao was stumped.

“What this, do you think I can’t kill you?” Fang Yuan timely revealed his snow silver primeval essence.

Rank three peak stage cultivation was clearly ‘revealed’; Ding Hao’s pupils shrunk, he was only at rank three middle stage.

Fang Yuan immediately followed: “Although our lineage can control zombies and form an army of them, controlling zombies requires our concentration. If our soul is not strong, our mind will be weak, then our control over the zombie’s quantity and quality will only be ordinary. Although you have two green-hair zombies, there will definitely be gaps when you defend yourself while controlling them; it will be very easy for me to kill you.”

Ding Hao licked his dry lips and retreated a step back with some fear.

“However…” Fang Yuan immediately changed the topic, “Before I left, master told me about you and wanted me to check if you had the qualifications to enter his tutelage. To think you actually approached me with killing intent when I have not even starting looking for you, hmph.”

“Ahh, th-this… eldest senior brother, it wasn’t intentional.” Ding Hao started panicking when he heard Fang Yuan was someone sent by Second Zombie King to inspect him.

“Who is your eldest senior brother? You have yet to receive master’s approval. Hmph, you are still doubtful now?” Fang Yuan raised his brows.

Ding Hao quickly cupped his hands and said in a self-mocking tone: “Eldest senior brother, since you are clear on zombie heart Gu’s food and our weakness, no matter how stupid I am, I recognise eldest senior brother’s identity.”

Fang Yuan kept a poker face and did not speak, only looking at the two green-hair zombies.

Ding Hao was stunned for a while before immediately realizing. With a shift of his mind, he sent the two green-hair zombies away.

Then he walked before Fang Yuan, bowed and said submissively: “Please forgive me eldest senior brother, I wanted to kill these people to collect enough zombies. I really hadn’t expected eldest senior brother to be here. If I had known, I would have come down the mountain and welcomed you. I really yearn and am determined to follow master, heaven can testify my loyalty.”

Fang Yuan relaxed his tone: “Hmph, master knows of your loyalty. Before I departed, master spoke of it and praised your loyalty when he asked me to inspect you on my journey. Even if you had not reached the standard, as long as there isn’t a huge gap, it’s no problem.”

“So it was like that!” Ding Hao was overjoyed.

“However!” Fang Yuan’s expression turned heavy and his tone cold, “You had the cheek to attack the caravan, wrecking my secret mission. Do you know how much effort I and your second senior sister had to waste to infiltrate this caravan?”

“Eldest senior brother, it really was not intentional…” Ding Hao was indignant, his excitement just before sank through the floor due to Fang Yuan’s words, “Second senior sister is also in the caravan? I, I… I will call back the zombie horde!”

“What?” Fang Yuan was furious as he knocked his fingers on Ding Hao’s head, “Is your brain made of glue? Can’t you think? You moron, wouldn’t they start doubting me if the zombies retreated for no rhyme or reason? Idiot!”

Ding Hao rubbed his aching head before quickly nodding and apologizing: “Yes, yes, eldest senior brother is right. Then eldest senior brother, I will do whatever you say!”

Fang Yuan pointed at Ding Hao: “You have already made a serious mistake, but considering it was not intentional, it can’t be helped. Next, do as I say to make up for your mistakes!”

Ding Hao was like a grandson being admonished as he kept on nodding at Fang Yuan.

However, Fang Yuan didn’t mention his demand immediately and instead asked: “Tell me the truth, how many white-hair, black-hair and green-hair zombies do you have? Also any blue-hair zombies?”

Ding Hao showed an ashamed expression: “I am stupid, I have been living at Mu Bei mountain for close to ten years but have yet to raise a single blue-hair zombie. As for green-hair zombies, I only have three of them; I left one inside the cave to stand guard and have brought the other two with me. I have over one hundred and twenty black-hair zombies and close to four thousand white-hair zombies.”

Fang Yuan had expected him to not have any blue-hair zombies and was able to be at ease after confirming it.

He intentionally made a sound of surprise and spoke nonsense: “You are not that far from the target. Having three green-hair zombies is pretty good, and as for blue-hair zombies, even I have only two of them.”

He was clear of Second Zombie King’s requirement to take in disciples.

Second Zombie King had not just left behind one inheritance; he had taken in seven to eight disciples in Fang Yuan’s previous life, Ding Hao was only one of them.

Later on, Second Zombie King joined Yi Tian mountain and was besieged by the righteous path. The disciples of Second Zombie King commanded great zombie armies and showed off their talents, causing the righteous path allied army to retreat at one point.

As Ding Hao listened to Fang Yuan, his heart was cleared of doubt. He looked at Fang Yuan with admiration: “Eldest senior brother, you are amazing, you have two blue-hair zombies. This junior brother is full of admiration!”

Fang Yuan patted Ding Hao’s shoulder and showed an expression of ‘feeling proud inwardly but intentionally suppressing it’: “To raise a blue-hair zombie,if you say it is difficult, it is difficult; if you say it is easy, it is easy . I will explain it to you, you need to first find a rank four Gu Master’s corpse then the rest is up to your luck. It depends on whether this corpse had used a Gu worm in his life to raise his strength. If he did, it will be at least a green-hair. If you use fresh blood to nurture it for a year or two, it will evolve into a blue-hair.”

“I see.” Ding Hao knew Fang Yuan spoke the truth after he combined it to his own experiences; he gratefully said, “Thank you eldest senior brother for your pointers!”

“Mm.” Fang Yuan slightly nodded his head and carefully checked Ding Hao’s expression, knowing the latter had complete trust in him now.

Ding Hao had originally been a servant and then secretly cultivated for close to ten years on Mu Bei mountain. His honest character made him easy to deceive.

In fact, even those who were very scheming would be moved by Fang Yuan’s words and would at least believe most of it.

“No use in crying over spilled milk. Act with me and if your performance is good, I will give you a pass from my side.” Fang Yuan said.

Ding Hao’s eyes brightened and immediately replied: “Please speak elder senior brother, I will definitely do my best to accomplish it!”

Fang Yuan gave detailed instructions before charging back to the camp.

With Ding Hao’s secret cooperation, Fang Yuan returned beside Shang Xin Ci without any mishaps.

Seeing an expert like Fang Yuan returning to their sides, everyone in the caravan was surprised, happy and in awe.

In their perspective, Fang Yuan could have already escaped but he fought his way back to them.

“I am burdening you, benefactor!” Shang Xin Ci felt ashamed and guilty.

“No matter. You are only one of the reasons, besides, Bai Yun is also here.” Fang Yuan shook his hand and intentionally said this, making Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die feel even more moved.

Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan with doubt; Fang Yuan vaguely winked at her, she immediately realized he was up to no good.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 257: A spear from behind 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The zombie horde’s attacks gradually slowed down and the situation came to a standstill.

Time passed minutes by minutes; occasionally, some Gu Masters heroically sacrificed themselves or zombies fell down.

Two hours later, Ding Hao followed Fang Yuan’s instruction and steeply increased the attacks of the zombies, breaking the defensive line that was hanging by a thread.

There were only thirty or so people in the caravan now.

They had to break through! They were all of one mind on this as everyone of them could see that there was a chance at survival if they broke through, and if they insisted on defending their positions, their deaths were certain.

To break through would also be a desperate struggle. Layers upon layers of white-hair zombies had encircled them and there were also black-hair zombies obstructing them.

“Give up on these mortals, they will only slow down our speed!” Jia Long shouted.

Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die became pale.

“Don’t worry, I am here.” Fang Yuan defended them.

All the remaining mortals were ruthlessly abandoned, only the two of them remained.

Jia Long and other Gu Masters didn’t dare to say anything since they had to rely on Fang and Bai’s strength.

They were progressing shakily through the siege and just when it looked like they were about to break out, two green-hair zombies appeared.

“We will go back.” Fang Yuan pulled Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die, and said in a soft voice.

Bai Ning Bing stopped, weren’t they entering into the encirclement again by going back?

However, Fang Yuan was already retreating towards the back with Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die. Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth as she looked at the empty field in front of her, but she still turned around and followed Fang Yuan.

The other Gu Masters fell into a chaotic battle against the two green-hair zombies.

Green-hair zombies were as strong as thousand beast king, and though there were many rank three Gu Masters, they were already exhausted.

As their battle with the green-hair zombies continued, the surrounding black and white-hair zombies closed in on them.

This instead caused the pressure on Fang and Bai to decrease greatly.

Fang Yuan retreated dozens of steps before he started breaking through again.

Numerous white-hair zombies were blocking their way, but Fang Yuan just plunged and dashed; the power he displayed was extremely high, white-hair zombies died everywhere he passed.

Bai Ning Bing was dumbstruck, was this Fang Yuan’s true strength?

“Eh, these white-hair zombies are too weak…” She immediately found something amiss when she attacked.

The white-hair zombies that were blocking them were many times weaker than before. They had dazed expressions and didn’t even attack properly, they were more like punching targets.

“Did Fang Yuan discover this weakness and is using it now? Strange, these white-hair zombies look the same, how in the world did he discover these weakness?” Bai Ning Bing was bothered and bewildered.

Fang Yuan, however, was hurling curses inwardly right now.

Before departing, he had reminded Ding Hao to make the zombies appear strong although actually weak, and make it realistic. So what horrible performance is this?

Ding Hao was sweating profusely.

He had never exerted so much concentration to control the zombie army.

He was extremely nervous, feeling that he had destroyed eldest senior brother’s secret mission. Guilt and worry made him cooperate with Fang Yuan’s act with all his efforts. It was okay when he didn’t know Fang Yuan’s identity, but now that he knew Fang Yuan was his eldest senior brother, how could he dare to truly attack him?

“Amazing!” Xiao Die exclaimed in surprise.

Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes also brightened.

Fang Yuan was moving unhindered, like an unmatched general maneuvering on the battlefield, giving off a feeling of invincibility!

Who does not love heroes?

Which girl did not dream of a prince riding a white horse, a hero saving the beauty?

Xiao Die did and so did Shang Xin Ci.

Right now, as the master and servant looked at Fang Yuan’s wide back, there were ripples in their hearts.

Fang Yuan was ugly, but at this moment, this ugliness gave off a beautiful radiance to them. His bravery and spirit gave an indescribable sense of security to these two girls who were in this dangerous situation; they could not help but want to rely and depend on him.

“Such terrible acting, this coward!” Fang Yuan really wanted to kick Ding Hao to death. His thoughts moved rapidly and he could make out Ding Hao’s mental state.

“It seems I have no choice…” Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, then he resolutely deactivated canopy Gu and charged towards an attacking white-hair zombie.

His flesh was torn open, Fang Yuan got injured.

“Good, this is how it should be!” Fang Yuan happily thought. This was the best chance to win Shang Xin Ci’s trust, how could he let it go in vain?

“Damn it!!” Bai Ning Bing cursed and immediately rushed towards Fang Yuan, abandoning Shang Xin Ci. Fang Yuan had the Yang Gu on him, that was the key to her reverting back to a man and it could absolutely not be lost.

“Oh my heavens!!!” Ding Hao’s whole body shook when he saw Fang Yuan being injured. He was blaming himself; the worry and panic was clear on his face as he mumbled: “It wasn’t intentional, it really wasn’t intentional, eldest senior brother!”

“Ahh….” Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die both cried out.

Their hearts ached seeing Fang Yuan injured.

“What are you doing, go back and protect them!” Fang Yuan shouted in a soft voice when Bai Ning Bing approached him.

Bai Ning Bing’s blue pupils widened, she immediately realized Fang Yuan had intentionally received the attack; this bastard!

“Don’t go overboard.” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes twitched, she said these words and left.

With Ding Hao’s control, the white-hair zombies made threatening gestures, but it was all show and little action.

Bai Ning Bing kicked a white-hair zombie flying and hurried back towards Shang Xin Ci.

“How is Hei Tu?” Shang Xin Ci grabbed Bai Ning Bing’s arm and asked.

“He is okay.” Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched.

“Why are you not switching with him, he is injured!” The gentle Shang Xin Ci’s words carried a rarely seen grievance.

Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched, she couldn’t tell that Fang Yuan intentionally received the attack, right? So, she casually made up a reason: “He has always been like this, he will never stop when he starts an assault, unless he falls.”

Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful eyes flickered and slightly reddened.

Xiao Die covered her mouth, her eyes were already moist.

There were ripples in the master and servant’s hearts again as they looked at Fang Yuan. What kind of man was this! In this horde of zombies, he moved around without fear, constantly pressing forward. No doubt he was a hero, a sorrowful hero!

Seeing Fang Yuan injured, Ding Hao was shaking with fear and didn’t dare to obstruct the path.

Fang Yuan charged ahead for some distance and led Shang Xin Ci and the group out of the zombie encirclement.

“That’s it?” He smacked his lips with dissatisfaction and grudgingly looked at the only injury on his body. It was such a good opportunity to show off but he only received a single injury; the act was really lacking.

Despite only suffering a single injury, it already made Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die extremely worried.

“Hei Tu, are you okay? You are injured, the wound is so deep, all because of me!” Shang Xin Ci’s eyes were becoming moist with tears.

“So much black blood is flowing out, Lord Hei Tu you have been poisoned.” Xiao Die said with deep concern.

Fang Yuan puffed out his chest and said in a deep, fearless voice: “This is just a small injury, the corpse poison is somewhat troublesome but I can detoxify it with clearing heat Gu. You don’t no need to worry. Hahaha…”

He started laughing.

The camp was in ruins, flames blazed everywhere. The remaining people in the caravan had set the camp aflame before leaving; it was to burn their bridges and also to have a source of lighting.

Fang Yuan and the group charged out of the zombie encirclement and reached the outer perimeter of the light from the fire.

The light shone on Fang Yuan’s face, chest and his injury.

He laughed, his appearance was ugly but it gave a different kind of heroic charm to the two girls!

They had dreamt of dreams of hero saving the beauty, dreamt of handsome and unrestrained hero; truthfully, the image of Fang Yuan and their image of heroes were as different as day and night. However, strangely, the two girls felt this was the true hero! He was unrestrained, fearless and had unmatched heroic spirit!

Many years later, Shang Xin Ci would ask herself how Fang Yuan walked deep into her heart… every time, she would involuntarily think of this night….

Layers upon layers of zombies to his back, blazing flames shining upon his face, the burn scars on his face, his smile revealing his white teeth. His deep black pupils looked at herself, the normally cold and indifferent eyes – under the orange flames – revealed a hint of warmth.

“Save us!” The caravan group were deeply encircled by the zombie horde and started shouting for help when they saw the situation in Fang Yuan’s side.

Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed but he didn’t speak. Shang Xin Ci had already grabbed his arm: “You are injured, don’t go, let’s leave. Do you remember what you said to me? Do only what you are able to.”

A peace of mind as long as one does what he can.

Fang Yuan laughed and patted Shang Xin Ci’s hand: “Don’t worry, I am not going, there is no kindness or hatred between them and me. Let’s go!”

However, it wasn’t so appropriate to leave like this. What if someone knew he killed Zhang Zhu and under desperation, shouted it, what would Shang Xin Ci think then? In truth, his worries were unnecessary; Chen Xin and Chen Shuang Jin who knew about the matter had already died in battle.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a bright light as he shouted loudly: “Continue to persevere, wait till I bring them to a safe place, then I will come help you!”

“Brother Hei Tu is righteous!”

“We hope Brother Hei Tu returns quickly!”

“Brother Hei Tu, if you save me, I will give you a huge amount of money!”

The caravan people shouted one after another.

Fang Yuan laughed bitterly and looked at the master and servant’s puzzled gaze: “I am giving them some hope so that they might create a miracle. Sigh , I can only do this much.”

Fang Yuan’s image immediately rose to a much greater height in the two girls’ hearts.

Fang Yuan and the group ran along the mountain passage.

Under the moonlight, the mountain passage looked like it was covered with snow.

As per their previous discussion, Ding Hao arranged a batch of zombies around here to block the path.

The four rushed to the arranged area, Fang Yuan signalled Bai Ning Bing with his eyes then stood at the spot: “You guys leave first, I will stop these zombies and hurry back to you.”

The master and servant’s steps immediately slowed down, but under Bai Ning Bing’s persuasion, they continued to run along the path and soon left Fang Yuan’s sight.

Fang Yuan laughed, he acted as if he was in a struggle with the zombies and finding an opportune timing, he activated jumping grass and jumped over the zombies, arriving beside Ding Hao.

The battle with the caravan was still ongoing. There were only three remaining in the caravan side, but what amazed Fang Yuan was a green-hair zombie had actually perished!

After asking Ding Hao, he realized a Gu Master had used a rare rank three detonation Gu.

“Eldest senior brother.” Ding Hao immediately bowed, his face was pale and his forehead filled with sweat.

He had never tried splitting his thoughts to control the zombies with such intensity. The main thing was he had to act according to Fang Yuan’s directions, making him more exhausted.

Previously he would just command the zombies to attack or retreat. How could he have commanded them to only make threatening gestures and attack empty air? And he still had to control these zombies to keep still when attacked by Fang Yuan.

“Eldest senior brother, how is your injury? It really wasn’t intentional. I have a healing Gu here.” Ding Hao started to explain hurriedly.

Fang Yuan patted his shoulder: “You are good, you have put in a lot of effort. No need to worry about my injury, I suffered it intentionally. Now, you just have to use more strength and eradicate these people!”

“Yes.” Ding Hao immediately let out a breath of relief.

With his spirits raised, he started maneuvering countless zombies forward.

The surviving three knew their deaths were certain – one closed his eyes and sighed; another cried out Fang Yuan’s name; and another was crying loudly.

Under the threat of death, their natural instincts were fully revealed.

The zombie horde submerged the three. Fang Yuan satisfiedly nodded: “Was there anyone who escaped?”

“No, absolutely none. I did what eldest senior brother instructed and arranged a large amount of zombies in the perimeter.” Ding Hao quickly answered.

“Good, well done. Clean up the battlefield, remember to not leave behind any tracks.”

“Yes, eldest senior brother.”

Ding Hao had never exposed himself when he attacked the caravans which showed he had certain level of accomplishment in clearing the tracks. He cleaned up the battlefield with ease and disguised the traces as ordinary zombie horde attacking the caravan; Fang Yuan secretly nodded his head in approval.

However, although he was older than Fang Yuan, his experience couldn’t compare to the veteran Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan pointed out some areas that were overlooked, causing Ding Hao to admire him. For instance, the primeval stones couldn’t be entirely taken, they had to leave some behind, after all the zombies wouldn’t collect them. Another point would be not all the corpses should be changed to zombies; the corpse poison could be deep or shallow and they didn’t have a hundred percent chance to turn corpses into zombies.

“Eldest senior brother, please take these primeval stones.” About five minutes later, Ding Hao sensibly offered the primeval stones he collected.

Fang Yuan glanced at it, there were approximately thirteen thousand primeval stones. He didn’t hesitate to take it and put them in tusita flower.

“How are your gains?” Fang Yuan patted Ding Hao’s shoulder and warmly asked.

Ding Hao’s pale face let out an excited light: “The gains are huge this time. I obtained five complete bodies and they are all rank three Gu Masters. There are also dozen Gu Master corpses, they are all strength Gu Masters. I will get at least black-hair zombies once they are turned into zombies.”

“Hahaha, you have obtained a good harvest. Raise these black-hair zombies properly and you will definitely have new green-hair zombies.”

Ding Hao repeatedly nodded his head, his face filled with admiration: “This is the first time I have devoured a whole caravan. It is all thanks to eldest senior brother for attracting beast groups along the way and constantly reducing their forces. All these gains I made is because of eldest senior brother.”

“You are not too shabby either, your commanding ability is quite good. But looking at your face, you have used your brain too much, your mind is haggard and your soul is wounded. You need to recuperate for a while. Taking good care of our soul is very important to our lineage. If our soul is not strong, our mind will be weak and commanding the zombies will be more difficult.” Fang Yuan smiled, speaking gently.

“Thank you eldest senior brother for your concern!” Ding Hao had lived alone for close to ten years, this was the first time someone showed concern for him, so he couldn’t help being moved.

This emotional spike immediately caused him to have an intense dizziness, his body shook and if not for Fang Yuan supporting him, he might have fallen head-first into the ground.

“I am ashamed! My cultivation is still not enough, I am feeling dizzy and my mind is not working properly.” Ding Hao was able to barely stand up.

“There is no need to worry, return to the cave and rest properly. Although you will still feel headaches tomorrow, your mind will have mostly recovered and can smoothly command these zombies.” Fang Yuan smiled.

“Yes. I have experienced this before when I tried to control too many zombies, I almost fainted on the spot, hahaha.” Ding Hao laughed.

“Okay… I need to leave now, I give you my approval. Rest properly and wait for me to come back, I will bring you to pay respects to master. Right, where is your cave?”

“It is halfway up the mountain beside a dark pond. It is easy to find, that dark pond is very unique, it is shaped like a pentagram.” Ding Hao was very happy and immediately answered, “Eldest senior brother, you really won’t come visit my cave with me?”

“I can’t, time is pressing, I need to hand over the secret mission to master. Not good, someone actually feigned death, there is still someone who escaped!”

“Where!” Ding Hao’s mind shook and immediately turned around to look.

Pew!

Next instant, a bone spear pierced his skull.

Plop

Ding Hao collapsed on the ground, a thick spiral bone spear pierced through his skull; blood and brains slowly flowed out the spiral hole.

His eyes were wide open, a look of utter disbelief.

The smile on Fang Yuan’s face disappeared, changing into an indifferent expression. He slowly bent down and grabbed Ding Hao’s leg, dragging him towards the ruined camp.

The flames were still blazing. The zombies – having lost their master – started hopping aimlessly.

The corpses on the ground drew their attention, enticing them.

They hopped towards the corpses, biting and tearing them.

Fang Yuan dragged Ding Hao’s corpse past the corpses strewn battlefield, sounds of zombies eating the corpses kept on reverberating in his ears.

He threw Ding Hao towards the blazing fire and quietly looked on as the corpse slowly changed to ash. The Gu worms on the corpse also mournfully wailed before gradually burning to death.

Once Shang Xin Ci was recognized by Shang clan leader, she would definitely be strictly investigated by the Shang clan. This battle was sure to be of utmost importance.

If Ding Hao was captured by them and interrogated, Fang Yuan could be in danger.

Despite Ding Hao being an honest person, easy to deceive and a very good chess piece, his worth could never match with Shang Xin Ci. And if there were risks, it was better to abandon them. This including giving up the Gu worms on his body. As long as Fang Yuan carried them on him, Second Zombie King could find him. Moreover, it was not convenient for Fang Yuan to feed zombie heart Gu and it might only leave behind traces which could be discovered in Shang Clan’s investigation.

As for these zombies, they had turned back to being common zombie horde after losing their master. Once they finished eating these corpses, a part of them would stay here and another part would leave, wandering about Mu Bei mountain and searching for food.

Once they were done with this, the whole scene would become even more natural.

Only after Ding Hao’s corpse was burned to ashes did Fang Yuan slowly leave.

The zombies were eating the corpses, these mindless things were of no threat now.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 258: Separation as planned 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The crescent moon hangs high in the night sky, as moonlight flowed down like water.

Shang Xin Ci stood on a boulder and gazed far away, her face filled with worry: “Why has Brother Hei Tu still not returned?”

“Did something happen?” Xiao Die added.

“How could anything happen to him, don’t worry.” Bai Ning Bing leaned on a withered tree, wondering what Fang Yuan was up to again.

Minutes and minutes passed, as Shang Xin Ci’s brows furrowed while her worry kept increasing.

Bai Ning Bing also started feeling something amiss, almost eight minutes had passed, did something really happen to Fang Yuan?

She didn’t care about Fang Yuan’s death, what she cared about was the Yang Gu on Fang Yuan.

Anxiety grew in her heart. Half of this was because of Fang Yuan’s disappearance, the other half was because of her own helplessness. As Fang Yuan’s cultivation continued to advance, she found it incredibly difficult to deal with him and get the Yang Gu. This meant that if Fang Yuan reneged on his promise, she had no way to deal with him.

Bai Ning Bing knew what kind of personality Fang Yuan had after travelling with him for so long. Fang Yuan’s cultivation was nearing rank three; the promised time was coming and her heart was becoming increasingly fretful.

The three discussed and just when they decided to return to assist Fang Yuan, he appeared in their sights on the mountain passage.

Shang Xin Ci let out a breath of relief, but her heart pounded again when Fang Yuan walked in front of them: “Brother Hei Tu, you are injured again!”

Fang Yuan had intentionally made some more injuries on his body. He drew in a breath of cold air: “When you guys had just left, a green-hair zombie appeared. Fortunately, I ran quickly, we should leave immediately, it might still be chasing me.”

The three naturally didn’t dare to stay any longer when they heard that and hastened their journey that very night.

So far, Fang Yuan’s objectives were achieved and he behaved appropriately along the way.

After crossing Mu Bei mountain, they arrived at Shuang Jiang mountain.

This mountain had two peaks separated by a deep ravine, the peaks were similar to each other and gave off a majestic aura.

The four no longer had the caravan’s protection now, so it seemed to take a lot more effort when they moved through the mountain.

Fortunately, after crossing Shuang Jiang mountain, it was Xue Lei mountain.

Xue Lei mountain had Zhao Clan and could not be considered to be a wild area since there were human inhabitants on it.

The most dangerous part of the trade route was already over, so the danger had greatly decreased.

Fang and Bai were wanted by Bai Clan, so they didn’t go to Zhao Clan. The four moved on relentlessly; after passing through Xue Lei mountain, they continued to cross Qian Ku mountain, Ju Ren mountain, Lu Zao mountain… crossing over six great mountains.

During this time, Fang Yuan’s cultivation advanced from rank two middle stage to peak stage.

On the whole journey, they only stopped by some remote hamlets to replenish their supplies.

As they neared Shang Liang mountain, the mountain path became wider and there were more people moving through the path.

And finally, on this day, Shang Liang mountain finally appeared in their sights.

“Puff, that is Shang Liang mountain?” Shang Xin Ci put her hand on her forehead to shield her from the sunlight and looked at the horizon before letting out a breath of turbid air.

“Missy, we are almost there!” Xiao Die laughed happily, and excitedly shook Shang Xin Ci’s arm.

Bai Ning Bing only looked and did not speak.

“We will go our separate ways when we arrive at Shang Liang mountain. Lady Zhang, I have paid your favor.” Fang Yuan suddenly said.

“What?” Xiao Die gasped, not having expected Fang Yuan to say that, she stood on the spot at a loss.

Shang Xin Ci’s expression changed, her eyelashes slightly trembled as she looked at Fang Yuan.

These days, while Fang Yuan remained silent, he had already become a pillar of support for her. Now that he is leaving, Shang Xin Ci immediately felt a sense of emptiness and loss.

“All things must come to an end.” Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh.

“True…” Shang Xin Ci pursed up her lips, her breathing was becoming heavy. After being in contact with Fang Yuan all the time these days, she knew his character; he was a someone acts upon his decisions, a resolute man.

“Let’s go, it isn’t quite safe yet, we will part our ways when we reach the city gate.” Fang Yuan started walking in front.

The atmosphere of the group had decreased to a freezing point, even the incessantly chattering Xiao Die was silent.

The closer they were to Shang clan city, the nearer their parting; Shang clan city unconsciously slowed down Shang Xin Ci’s steps. Shang clan city was her destination for this trip and she should have been happy as she neared her target, but right now, she didn’t want to reach Shang clan city.

However, the path was after all limited; they eventually arrived at the foot of Shang Liang mountain.

Shang clan city’s huge gate was right in front of their eyes.

It was time to part ways.

Fang Yuan gazed deeply at Shang Xin Ci and nodded his head, only saying two words.

“Take care.”

It was simply two words, but it made Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful body tremble.

Fang Yuan turned around and left.

“Wait.” Shang Xin Ci summoned her courage and suddenly spoke.

It was a sea of buzz and commotions around the city gate with people moving to and fro.

Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful pupils gazed at Fang Yuan as the crowds moved rapidly around them.

“We will meet again some day. Benefactor, you might have repaid my favor in your heart, but you have saved me over and over again, this favor you have given to me is as deep as the sea and as heavy as the mountain. Benefactor, you said a drop received in need will be repaid with whole river. I will definitely repay you!” The young girl’s tone was firm and revealed her resolute heart.

Fang Yuan smiled towards her, then turned around and left, gradually disappearing within the crowd.

Shang Xin Ci stood on the spot for a long while.

“Miss, they are really heartless, leaving just like that.” Xiao Die walked over and held her hand.

“They do not want to implicate us, their demonic path identity cannot be exposed even on Shang Liang mountain.” Shang Xin Ci’s nature was kind, always thinking of people positively.

“Oh, it was like that!” Xiao Die realized.

“They might be demonic Gu Masters but they are good people. I have decided, I will make it big on Shang clan city. There is definitely a place for my talent. I might just be a mortal who can’t cultivate, but I can hire Gu Masters to work for me. I will definitely repay their favor in future!”

“Yes! I believe in you Missy.”

 …

“Strange, you have protected Shang Xin Ci all the way, why are you intentionally parting ways now that we reached Shang Liang mountain? I have to remind you that there is a huge flow of people in Shang clan city and you don’t have an investigative Gu; if you are just playing hard to get, make sure you don’t lose track of her. If not, you will just be shooting yourself in the foot, it would really be a great joke.”

Bai Ning Bing coldly reminded Fang Yuan from the side.

Fang Yuan ignored her, his gaze followed Shang Xin Ci and Xiao Die till they walked through the city gate and only then did he retrieve his gaze.

As per his previous life’s memories, Shang clan leader should detect his bloodline in Shang Xin Ci once she entered Shang clan city. However, for confirmation, the tyrannical Shang clan leader would round up all the people of the caravan, which Shang Xin Ci joined at that time, and keep them in house arrest as he interrogated and investigated them.

When the truth was cleared up and Shang Xin Ci’s identity was confirmed, Shang clan leader generously compensated all the caravan members by twice the amount of their goods.

Shang Xin Ci directly jump from being a mortal girl to being Shang clan leader’s beloved daughter. This event caused a sensation and became a popular conversation topic.

This is why Fang Yuan needed to part ways with Shang Xin Ci.

Fang Yuan had many Gu in his aperture which could never be exposed to others; especially the Spring Autumn Cicada. If he was investigated and his aperture searched, it would become a huge trouble.

If it was an ordinary clan, Fang Yuan would have no worries because the clan leaders who usually had the highest cultivation would only be at rank four stage in such clans. However, Shang clan leader had rank five cultivation and that wasn’t even the highest cultivation here. There were supreme elders in the Shang clan possessing rank six cultivation; if they were to search Fang Yuan’s aperture, the Spring Autumn Cicada would be discovered even if it hid deep within.

Saying his farewell had another advantage; he would appear to have no desire or need anything from Shang Xin Ci, this would deepen the impression of ‘only repaying favor’ in her heart. Later, when he meets Shang Xin Ci, he would definitely obtain her trust.

Actually, the quickest way to form an inseparable relation to Shang Xin Ci is through sexual relation.

Fang Yuan could sense Shang Xin Ci had good feelings towards him. If he took her chastity, the future Shang clan leader would fall deeply in love with him.

Fang Yuan might appear ugly, but the charisma he released already moved Shang Xin Ci’s heart.

He knew Shang Xin Ci would not refuse him if he wanted it.

But this way absolutely could not be carried out!

If he did it, he would become Shang clan’s son-in-law and would be bound to the chariot called Shang clan. Then Fang Yuan would no longer be able to do things his own way, his every movement would be watched by others, his hands and feet bound, even his cultivation would have to be purposely suppressed.

As his cultivation increased rapidly, it would expose bone flesh unity Gu which was sure to cause an upheaval and attract all kinds of attention. Fang Yuan understood how much bone flesh unity Gu was worth, even Shang clan could not keep it for themselves.

And if Spring Autumn Cicada was revealed on top of that, hehe, those reclusive rank six Gu Masters, even rank seven Gu Masters would jump out one after another. After reaching rank six, the Gu Master would experience a qualitative change in their strength, each of them able to contend against the strength of a whole clan.

Once he had sexual relations with Shang Xin Ci, after Shang Xin Ci confirmed his identity, even if she was Shang clan leader, they would all come looking for Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was moreover a demonic Gu Master with unknown origins, it was unavoidable for him to be investigated and interrogated.

If he escaped, he would have to face Shang clan’s pursuit and arrest warrant. This was a completely different concept from Bai Clan’s arrest warrant.

Bai Clan was in dire straits and didn’t have enough strength, but Shang Clan was one of the overlords of Southern Border.

Fang Yuan would only have one way out if that happened, that was to escape from the Southern Border.

 …

Shang Yan Fei was sitting cross legged in the air, his whole body bathing in flames.

The flames were scarlet like blood and were burning silently in the dark void.

As the leader of Shang clan, he is occupied with clan affairs everyday and does not have much time to cultivate. Even so, with his domineering aptitude and comprehension, he was able to cultivate to rank five upper stage and was only a step away from peak stage.

Today’s cultivation was about to end…

The scarlet flames slowly dispersed and shrunk, finally changing back to long crimson hair on Shang Yan Fei’s head.

Without the illumination from fire, darkness spread, becoming the sole master of the area.

Suddenly! Shang Yan Fei opened his eyes, his pupils were dyed color of blood and his gaze shone like lightning as it pierced through the darkness.

“A new bloodline that originates from mine… how did this appear out of nowhere?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 259: Reunion of Father and Daughter 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Shang Yan Fei’s thoughts stirred and immediately disappeared from within the darkness.

When he reappeared, he was already at the outer area of Shang clan city.

All kinds of noise entered his ears. There were various stalls located on both sides of the street. The people in the surrounding only saw a flash of bloody flame, then a black robed, crimson haired handsome man appeared in their midst.

“Whoa, scared the soul out of me!”

“Who is this man? He actually dares to use his Gu in Shang clan city?”

Many people cast bewildered gazes, only few recognized Shang Yan Fei but they were not sure.

Shang Yan Fei ignored these gazes and followed the bloodline reaction; his sharp senses landed on Shang Xin Ci.

Two girls stopped in front of a stall.

“Missy, this hairpin is really beautiful!” Xiao Die picked up a jade hairpin from the stall and matched it with Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful hair.

Shang Xin Ci forced out a smile, her mood had been down since parting with Fang Yuan.

Xiao Die was instead lively, fascinated by the flourishing scene in the city.

Suddenly, Shang Xin Ci felt something in her heart and turned around. Her gaze immediately landed on Shang Yan Fei.

The black robed, crimson haired Shang Yan Fei was very conspicuous in the crowd, like a crane in a flock of chickens.

However, what attracted Shang Xin Ci was not his appearance but rather a mysterious familial connection and calling from her bloodline.

Without any word being said, the moment Shang Xin Ci saw Shang Yan Fei, she knew this middle-aged man’s identity.

He was her father!

Father… to Shang Xin Ci, this word was mysterious and distant, containing sorrow and sadness.

Since young, she had asked her mother countless times about her father, but her mother always remained silent. And now, she finally met her father.

“So this was the reason mother told me to go to Shang clan city before her death!” Realization dawned upon her and tears uncontrollably fell down her eyes.

The moment Shang Yan Fei saw Shang Xin Ci, he connected it to her mother and realized her identity.

Similar, they were really similar!

This child’s gentle appearance was no different from hers!

Shang Yan Fei suddenly felt pain in his heart, he was vaguely able to see her again.

In that distant afternoon when spring rain was drizzling down, when willow trees were carefreely swaying beside the lotus pool; under a shabby hut, Shang clan’s young master Shang Yan Fei met the young lady of Zhang Clan who was running from rain.

A meeting of a scholar and beauty. It was love at first sight, they poured their hearts out to each other and pledged to be married…

However, one could only be helpless in the affairs of the world. Power and beauty was just like fish and bear paw, who could have both?

The young Shang Yan Fei was someone with blazing fire in his heart, this fire was the natural ambition of men towards power and influence.

Ambition or love, duty or freedom, oppressing his enemies or his promise to the beauty; Shang Yan Fei chose the former in the end and abandoned the latter.

He later defeated his brothers and sisters, ascended to the position of Shang clan leader and sat on the glorious throne. He became a rank five Gu Master, married countless beauties and now had many sons and daughters. And because Zhang Clan and Shang Clan had been enemies for generations, he could no longer look for her.

One cannot control everything in the world.

Clan leader’s identity became his symbol of success but also the shackles that binds him.

The king’s every movement could bring about upheavals and was closely watched by everyone. As the clan leader of Shang clan, how could he let his love affair affect the clan?

All these years, he tried hard to convince himself and hide his guilt and worries deep within by using the reasons of righteousness and duty. He thought he had forgotten it all, but now when he saw Shang Xin Ci, those warm memories hidden deep within him instantly enveloped his soul like the sound of spring rain.

Right now, waves were surging in his heart!

The blood of kinship that is thicker than water had turned into a river; now, his guilt overflowed into this river and became a sea, instantly submerging him.

He took a light step and disappeared, reappearing in front of Shang Xin Ci the next moment.

Xiao Die gasped, the surrounding people all looked astonished and shocked.

But the two people involved did not sense anything.

“You… what is your name?” Shang Yan Fei opened his mouth with great effort, his voice carried a magnetic quality and was filled with strong warmth.

Shang Xin Ci did not reply.

Tears streamed down from her beautiful eyes.

She took a step back and tightly pursed her lips, she then firmly looked at Shang Yan Fei, her gaze carrying stubbornness…

It was this man who hurt her mother’s heart.

It was this man who caused her to suffer discrimination and bullying since young.

It was this man who enchanted her mother, making her think about him even at death.

It was this man and yet he… he is… my father.

Her mood surged and raged, countless feelings mixed together to form a berserk whirlpool, threatening to swallow her mind.

She fainted.

“Missy!” Xiao Die who had been absorbed in Shang Yan Fei’s aura, regained her senses and screamed.

However, Shang Yan Fei was a step faster and held Shang Xin Ci on his hands.

“Who dares to openly violate the city rules and use Gu, do you want to end up in prison?” A group of city guards sensed the abnormal change and came over, swearing.

“Ah, Lord clan leader!” Their expressions instantly changed the moment they saw Shang Yan Fei, and all of them kneeled down.

The whole street was in commotion.

“You… you are… Shang clan’s…” Xiao Die stammered, and was speechless.

Shang Yan Fei grabbed Xiao Die’s arm; a blood colored flame burst forth and the three disappeared.

 …

“Line up in a queue, enter one by one. Everyone needs to pay ten primeval stones as the toll to enter the city. Once you enter the city, you are not allowed to misuse your Gu, the violators will be sent to prison for at least seven days!” The guards at the city gate shouted loudly.

There were many arrest warrants posted on the city walls. Some had already yellowed from age and was covered by other warrants, revealing only a corner of them; and some were completely new posted carelessly on the walls.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing moved with the queue and slowly neared the city gate. Sure enough, they saw an arrest warrant for them from Bai Clan.

“Bai Clan…” Fang Yuan inwardly snorted.

“Two sirs, please stop.” The gate guards approached Fang and Bai.

The two were wearing common clothings and looked just like ordinary people. Bai Ning Bing lowered her straw hat further down.

“Here is twenty primeval stones.” Fang Yuan was not nervous, he simply handed over a bag.

The guards confirmed the amount, and immediately let them pass.

Despite there being arrest warrants packed all over the city walls beside him which he could easily look at, he didn’t give them a single glance from start to end.

These arrest warrants were nothing more than superficial show.

Shang clan prioritized profits, as long as one handed over primeval stones, they could enter the city. Everyday, numerous demonic Gu Masters passed under the eyes of these guards; both sides had reached a tacit mutual understanding.

Demonic Gu Masters would sell their loots in Shang clan city, and they would also need to replenish any lacking Gu worms; Shang clan city was the best option for them.

One could even say, one of the huge pillars for Shang clan city’s development was the demonic Gu Masters.

Of course, the demonic Gu Masters couldn’t enter the city too brazenly and aggressively. After all, Shang clan city represented righteous path and they would also need to consider some consequences of their actions.

A wide street appeared in front of the two after they walked through the city gates.

There were people moving to and fro on the street. Large tall trees were planted on both sides of the street and under its shade were all kinds of stalls; some sold food like sesame breads, soft bean curd, meat and vegetable dishes; while others sold jewellery and all kinds of other stuff.

The two walked past the stalls, then they saw buildings; tall bamboo buildings, mud buildings and white-grey tiled houses.

Shops, hotels, inns, smithies and so on appeared one after another.

“This brother, do you need a room? Our price is very cheap, just half a primeval stone for a night.” A middle-aged woman approached Fang and Bai with a smile on her face.

Fang Yuan glared at her and left without saying a word.

His appearance was really terrifying and gave the middle-aged woman a great shock; she did not dare to bother him anymore, instead changing her target to Bai Ning Bing who was behind him.

“This brother, being away from home is not easy. Our inn is quite good, there will even be a pretty girl at night. It won’t be cheap for you to visit the red-light street. Mortals like us who travel outside to sell goods are using our lives to earn money, yet spending our hard earned money on those places would not even cause a ripple. Our inn’s girls are still the best, extremely cheap too! We have mature girls and even fresh, cute and adorable ones. What is your pick, brother?”

The middle-aged woman said in a soft voice, with a vague expression. She misunderstood Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing as mortals from their clothings.

A dark frown appeared on Bai Ning Bing’s face.

“Get lost.” She coldly snorted, her tone bone-chilling.

The middle-aged woman’s face rapidly changed, her whole body stiffened as she remained stunned on the spot.

“So she was a female.”

“Hahaha, Big Sister Zhang you made an error this time…”

The nearby workers who were of the same profession and were soliciting customers, roared with laughter and ridiculed the middle-aged woman.

Along the way, Bai Ning Bing had made great progress in disguising as a man, so even the experienced brokers made an error.

Four Seasons Restaurant.

One hour later, Fang Yuan stopped in front of a five storey tall building.

The building was made of white-black tiles, with vermillion gate and huge pillars. There was an aroma of wine and fragrance of dishes floating around the place. It was a famous restaurant in Shang clan city.

“Sirs, please come in.” A smart waiter saw Fang and Bai, and quickly came out to invite them.

The two had walked for a long while and the journey had been tough, they were also hungry, so they stepped into the restaurant.

“Sirs, please take a seat here.” The waiter showed the way.

Fang Yuan slightly frowned: “This hall is too noisy, we will go upstairs.”

The waiter immediately revealed an awkward expression: “I won’t keep it from sirs, we indeed have private rooms upstairs, but they are only opened to Gu Masters.”

Fang Yuan snorted and revealed a portion of snow-silver primeval essence.

The waiter quickly bent down: “I had failed to recognize Mount Tai, please come upstairs!”

When they reached the stairs, the waiter stopped, a young and sweet looking girl walked over and spoke softly: “Lords, could I ask which floor you want to go? Four Seasons Restaurant has five floors, first floor hall is for mortals; second floor provides for rank one Gu Masters; third floor provides for rank two Gu Masters, there is a twenty percent discount for them; fourth floor provides for rank three Gu Masters and has fifty percent discount; fifth floor provides for rank four Gu Masters and the services are free of charge.”

Fang Yuan laughed: “Fourth floor then.”

The girl’s expression immediately became a bit more respectful. She bowed in greeting: “Please demonstrate your primeval essence.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 260: Each with their own schemes 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Steamed lamb, braised duck, steamed eight treasure pork, glutinous rice stuffed duck, stir-fried carp, assorted stuffed intestines, spicy oil crispy roll, honey yam, sliced fresh peach, eight treasure ding, steamed bamboo shoots, ape lips, camel humps, antlers, bear paws, three fresh osmanthus soup, beeswax pork trotters, fresh sharks’ fin soup…

A moment later, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing sat at elegant seats on the fourth floor, as a spread of delicacies were presented before them, each possessing visual appeal, fragrant smell, and flavor.

Fang Yuan picked up a pair of bamboo chopsticks, and casually ate a few mouthful, he first tried the steamed bamboo shoots, they tasted refreshing, raising one’s concentration. He next took a piece of the fresh peach, its sweetness was perfection. Next he took the bear paw, it was plump and tender, just like the steamed lamb, tasting divine with just a bit of flavoring.

Bai Ning Bing drank a mouthful of the three fresh osmanthus soup, flavor spreading in her mouth as fragrance remained on her lips and teeth, causing her appetite to awaken.

“After spending so much time with you, this is the first time you are so generous.” As she ate, she did not forget her sarcastic comments to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan laughed, not giving a reply, he knew Bai Ning Bing’s suspicion and impatience.

He got closer to Shang Xin Ci, using all his effort to protect her laboriously. And yet at their destination, he purposely split away from them; this action was something Bai Ning Bing could not comprehend.

Fang Yuan was now rank two peak stage, only a step away from rank three. The agreement he set with Bai Ning Bing back then regarding rank three, was approaching its end too.

But Fang Yuan would definitely not keep his word! In his eyes, such a thing like integrity, was only a compromise made out of necessity, or a beautiful cover-up, like a convincing mask.

Fang Yuan knew this, so did Bai Ning Bing.

Thus, she was starting to feel hasty.

Because she had already sensed that Fang Yuan would break his word. Yet, there was nothing she could do to Fang Yuan, the Yang Gu was in his possession, her hands were tied.

Right now, without Bai clan’s hunting, and without beast hordes, Fang and Bai ate at the same table, giving off a sense of amiability, but their relationship was extremely tense, if they progressed one more step, they would fall apart and turn against one another.

And this step, is Fang Yuan advancing to rank three.

Once he advances, he and Bai Ning Bing would no longer had any hopes of reconciling, the two would have to face each other directly.

How to deal with Bai Ning Bing?

Throughout the meal, Fang Yuan considered this.

His cultivation could not stay stagnant, one day, the conflict will escalate.

The situation now was very delicate.

Fang Yuan had the upper hand because he controlled the Yang Gu, but in fact, Bai Ning Bing also held Fang Yuan’s handle.

She travelled along with Fang Yuan, experiencing Bai Gu mountain’s inheritance herself, while also saw how Fang Yuan attracted all those beast hordes to attack the caravan.

She knew too much.

Compared to the potential threat Ding Hao was, Bai Ning Bing’s threat towards Fang Yuan was far greater.

“If I finish off Bai Ning Bing, I will not have to worry about Shang Xin Ci, but because my cultivation is insufficient, I missed the best chance to kill off Bai Ning Bing during the caravan journey. Back then I needed her strength to ensure my survival. Moreover, with Shang Xin Ci nearby, I could not strike easily. This Bai Ning Bing had always been wary of me secretly, and she has the ice muscles jade bones to defend her, I cannot finish her in one hit. Furthermore, her battle instinct is outstanding, with her recently gained experience, she is even harder to deal with now…”

Fang Yuan considered all possibilities as his thoughts flowed, but at the same time Bai Ning Bing was also deeply considering her situation.

“Since leaving Qing Mao mountain, there’s finally a time to rest and recover. I have to take back the Yang Gu and regain my male body! I have little chance of succeeding if I directly snatch it, unless I can kill Fang Yuan in an instant. But this scoundrel, even though he is rank two, his fighting strength is much greater than that, such a weirdo, with extremely experienced fighting techniques. Together with that scheming devious mind of his, capable of commiting all heinous crimes, no morals can restraint him, he is somebody who can truly commit any sin.”

“Most importantly, I have not discovered his true trump card yet. But I have my advantages, his current cultivation is still dependant on me, and I know too many secrets, maybe I can use these things to force him to compromise. Using the poison vow Gu, and make an agreement with him that cannot be broken, other than that, I can use plunder Gu, seize Gu, petty thief Gu and others to steal the Yang Gu…”

Bai Ning Bing was not stupid, she had been observing along the way, and considering her options.

As the two ate on the same table, not even three steps away from each other, they looked like good friends, but were scheming against each other in their minds.

The disappearance of external pressure caused their internal conflicts to surface. In this relatively safe environment in Shang clan city, they had the time to consider such problems.

But the more they thought about it, the more troublesome they felt the other party was!

Fang Yuan did things without restraints, but Bai Ning Bing was just the same. In her ideology, as long as life is exciting, anything goes. Morals and principles? What are that?

They were very similar, looking at the world with disdain, and were strong willed individuals, with an extremely thirst for power, only trusting themselves.

From others’ perspectives, they were accursed demons, scum that harmed society, their death would benefit the world.

But because they were so similar, the two could feel each other’s danger.

The most difficult enemy to deal with, was often oneself.

Most importantly, they held each other’s weaknesses. If they could not win in one strike, and allowed the other party to escape and recover, then both of them would go down in flames!

The two got a headache the more they thought about it.

“This Bai Ning Bing is not easy to deal with.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he had too little resources to manipulate.

“This Fang Yuan has almost no weaknesses…” Bai Ning Bing squinted, her eyes shining with cold light.

The two could not think of anything, thus looking up at the same time, staring at each other.

Their gaze met for an instant, before turning away.

The delicacy before them, although delicious, had barely any flavor to the two who were deep in thoughts.

Even though there was a fifty percent discount, Fang Yuan still paid fifteen primeval stones.

Shang clan city indeed, commodities were expensive here.

The two filled their stomachs, and left the restaurant.

On the streets, Fang Yuan heard people discussing.

“Do you know? At the southern gate, Shang clan leader appeared!”

“How is this possible?”

“It’s true, he came and left like a flash, the entire street was thrown into chaos…’

“Bullshit! What kind of person is the Shang clan leader, why would he appear on the streets for no reason?”

Rumors spread as some claimed it was Shang Yan Fei, while others denied it.

Fang Yuan chose to enter from the eastern gate, while Shang Xin Ci came in from the south. By the time the rumors got to the eastern gate, the truth had already been distorted beyond recognition.

Bai Ning Bing heard this, and thought of it as just a passing rumor, not paying attention to it. Soon, people started a new conversation.

But to Fang Yuan, it was a clear indication of events.

He laughed secretly, it seems that Shang Xin Ci’s situation did not exceed what he had expected from his memories.

Next, he would wait for the fruits to mature, and land on himself.

“Quickly look, its the flying blue whale, Yi clan’s caravan is here!” Suddenly, someone pointed to the sky, shouting in shock.

At once, people on the streets stopped, and looked up in the sky.

A giant shadow engulfed everyone.

In the sky, a giant blue whale slowly emerged.

Well, compared to “flying”, one might as well say they are “swimming”.

Flying blue whale, was a huge beast capable of moving freely in the air.

They lived above the nine heavens of the eastern seas, having a peaceful and mild temperament. Often Gu Masters used the whale enslavement Gu to control them and used them in the caravan.

Flying blue whale was huge, like a small mountain, and the entire caravan hid within its body, as it flew in the sky. Compared to the caravan moving through the forests, the danger was much less and the speed was much faster.

But the flying blue whale consumed up to five hundred kilograms of food a day, only a large-sized clan could afford to feed them.

In the entire southern border, only Yi clan owned flying blue whales.

Yi clan is one of the overlords of the southern border, almost the same status as Shang clan, and had a close relationship with the forces in the eastern seas.

“What a grand sight.” Bai Ning Bing sighed.

She thought about the former Bai clan village, this blue whale just had to land on Bai clan village, and the entire village would be in ruins.

The huge figure moved towards Shang Liang mountain, as the flying blue whale gradually landed on one of the mountain peak.

Fang Yuan could see from afar, it opened its huge mouth and a large number of black dots emerged from its mouth.

These dots were the Yi clan caravan members, but because of the distance, they could not be seen clearly.

“Yi clan caravan is here, the market is going to fluctuate again.”

“I heard Yi clan brought a rank five Gu this time to auction on Shang Liang mountain.”

“Yi clan and the eastern seas have a deep connection, they definitely brought many specialties from the eastern seas this time, there is value in purchasing them.”

The topic quickly shifted to the Yi clan caravan.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing walked up the path together.

Gu Yue clan village was only a portion of Qing Mao mountain, but Shang clan city covered the entire Shang Liang mountain.

In the southern borders, even the number one clan Wu clan, did not have such a massive mountain city.

The entire Shang clan city had all sorts of buildings; bamboo buildings, dried mud houses, brick houses, shacks, treehouses, and even mushroom houses, caves, towers, castles, and much more.

These structures blended together, covering Shang Liang mountain in a beautiful garb with assorted colors.

As the trading hub of the entire southern border, Shang clan city occupied the most space among all forces.

But if one thinks this is all Shang clan city has to offer, then they cannot be more wrong.

This is only the outer city of Shang clan city.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing came to a huge cave.

“Would both guests like to enter the inner city? It will be a hundred primeval stones per person.” The guarding Gu Master requested.

“Just entering requires a hundred?” Bai Ning Bing expressed her shock.

“The inner city has a smaller space, this is to prevent irrelevant people from entering, and also to maintain social order.” The Gu Master replied respectfully.

Shang Liang mountain had been modelled by Shang clan for thousands of years, not only did they use up the surface of the mountain, but even deeper into the mountain’s interior, they built an inner city.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 261: Shang Clan Inner City 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan paid two hundred primeval stones, and entered the inner city with Bai Ning Bing.

Inner city, although built in the mountain, had wide walking paths that could accommodate ten horse carts travelling in a line.

Once they entered, the crowds became much smaller, less than half of the outer city.

But Gu Masters became littered everywhere, rank ones were all over the place, rank two mixed in among them, and occasionally one or two rank threes.

There were few to no mortals, after all, a hundred primeval stones were needed to enter. Most Gu Master had servants to attend to them, but did not want to waste their money like this.

The illumination of the inner city was through a type of charcoal.

The charcoal stone could burn for a long time, and did not produce smoke. Every hundred steps, Fang and Bai would see a hole dug in the walls, as a bunch of charcoal stones burnt within.

Even though the charcoal stone did not emit much heat, with so many of them burning at once, it still caused the inner city’s temperature to be higher than outside, and the air to be much dryer.

Unlike outer city, which had all sorts of buildings, being a complete mix, the buildings here were all of one structure, and looked the same, made through a heat-resistant red lava stone.

All sorts of paths extended out from the main street.

At the same time, every five hundred steps, a huge round pillar would appear.

There was a spiral stone stairs on the surface of the pillar, as it extended upwards, with railings along the stone stairs.

Through the stone pillars, people could go up one floor, or get to the street one floor lower.

The inner city was not flat, but was more spherical. From up to down, numerous paths and buildings existed, linking together and allowing one to travel anywhere they wanted easily.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing moved towards the deeper part of the mountain, this was still not their destination.

At a certain location, a sentry appeared.

The Gu Master at work had higher cultivation, as the security of the place was heightened.

“Do both of you have a token?” The guard stopped Fang and Bai.

Shang clan gave tokens of varied authority to people of different statuses.

“This is our first visit.” Fang Yuan said.

Obviously, he had no such thing.

“In that case, it will be two hundred primeval stones per person.” The guard said.

Fang Yuan paid the primeval stones, and the guard let them through.

The two arrived at the fourth inner city as a result.

Shang Liang mountain had been through a few thousand years of development by Shang clan, the entire mountain was remodelled by Shang clan, digging paths and constructing new buildings, classifying the place into regions.

Thus, the inner city was huge, from inner to outer, there was five regions.

The first inner city was called the central inner city, the political heart of Shang clan, and also their military base.

The second inner city was also known as the clan city, only Shang clansmen could stay here.

The third inner city had an elegant environment, with clean and fresh air, it was the high-class zone.

Fourth inner city was the middle-class zone. Fifth inner city was the low-class zone.

Any further and we get to the outer city, having high traffic flow, and all sorts of goods transportation. Compared to the inner city, it was much more chaotic.

This construction structure, was somewhat like a termite hill on Earth.

Termite hills were four to ten meters long, with the termites living within, in small interconnected tunnels, complex and exquisite.

Once the two entered the fourth inner city, they could feel more moisture in the air as the temperature dropped slightly.

Compared to fifth inner city, fourth inner city was a grade higher, not only was the entrance fee twice as high, it also had much better facilities.

Firstly, light was not provided by charcoal, but by a large number of a specific rank one grass Gu.

The name is — Moonlight crawling mountain tiger.

This was a type of vine, growing on the walls of both sides of the street, as it spread out, it could be seen everywhere.

The roots were deep blue, and the leaves were wide and large, emitting a small blue moonlight. Just one segment of the path had thousands of leaves, as the gentle blue light merged into one.

Because of the large numbers of leaves, the air is more humid and water vapor filled the air. Near the ground, there was mist from the condensed vapor.

The moonlight refracted in the mist, turning into an aurora. As one walked on the streets, they had a feeling of walking in a spiritual realm.

The buildings here were mostly full of carvings and decorations. Some residents created grass fields, and placed flower vats, while others made artificial mountains, and pavilions.

There was even less people on the streets here.

Rank two Gu Masters were now the common group, after all, two hundred primeval stones was a huge sum to rank one Gu Masters.

Most evidently, the streets were still noisy in fifth inner city, but here, it was much more quiet.

The two continued deeper, and got to the city gate.

“Without a token, to enter the third inner city, both of you would need to pay six hundred primeval stones.” The guard’s cultivation was already rank three.

Fang Yuan gave the primeval stones, and arrived at the third area.

This place was different from fourth inner city yet again.

All infrastructure were made using star stones.

This type of rock, was a widely used material in Gu refinement, able to emit starlight in the darkness.

The entire third inner city used star stones. Not only buildings, but even the walking paths were made of star stones.

At one glance, starlight filled the air as vision is clear, without any mist as obstruction.

The air was fresh and clear. Looking around, there were pavilions, red walls and green bricks, and even transplanted bamboo forests, famous trees, making an artificial mountain, with spring water flowing as well.

The streets had little people, quiet and serene, like a star palace.

“Truly rich and extravagant…” Bai Ning Bing slightly assessed, just the cost of the buildings she could see, was an astronomical figure.

As the most wealthy clan in the southern border, even Shang clan’s leg hair was thicker than normal people’s waists . Although an exaggeration, the rumors were not baseless.

Shang clan’s wealth was like a mountain, in fact, the entire Shang clan city was a literal mountain. Shang clan mainly traded and that involved the entire southern border.

Shang clan’s true wealth and asset, no one could make clear of it.

But Fang Yuan knew, just this third inner city’s construction, could match with tens of Gu Yue clan’s total wealth.

At this place, even rank two Gu Masters became rare.

Once in a while, they saw Gu Masters, but there were almost all rank three.

This was Fang Yuan’s destination.

Any deeper, and it is the second inner city.

But to enter, it is no longer a problem of primeval stones, Shang clan city’s token is required. And this token’s authority has to reach a certain level.

“Tong Ou shop.” Fang Yuan looked at the plaque before walking in.

This was a shop that sold Gu worms.

“Two esteemed guests, please enter.” The attendant was a young girl, walking over and spoke in a soft volume.

Her aura was not concealed, showing off her rank one Gu Master cultivation.

Although Fang and Bai wore mortal clothing, one was ugly while the other was down and out, this Gu Master girl still showed a respectful attitude, displaying her superior service attitude.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were brought into an elegant room.

This is a private room, with wooden tables and chairs, with sculptures and paintings hanging on the white walls. The brush strokes resembled dragons and phoenixes dancing as the strokes were written with precise strength.

Through the window lattice, the garden could be seen; green trees and red flowers along with the chirping of birds.

The Gu Master young girl brought over two cups of fragrant tea and left.

Just as she left, an elderly man entered.

“May I inquire if our two esteemed guests are here to buy or sell?” The elderly was a rank two Gu Master, smiling as he cupped his fists and asked.

“Both buying, and also selling.” Fang Yuan raised his cup as he answered.

The elderly laughed, and two flashes of light flew out of his body, floating in front of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

It was two bookworms.

Bookworm was a rank one Gu worm, but was precious, as rare as the liquor worm.

Once one appears on the market, it would be sold instantly, there was often demand but no supply for it.

It was like a silkworm, although it had a head, body and stomach, three distinct parts, its body looked like a cocoon overall, round and cute.

Its body was white, but the surface had a layer of enamel, giving off an oily glow.

Holding it in one’s hand, it was round and smooth, like a high grade porcelain vase.

The bookworm was a storage type Gu, similar to the tusita flower.

The difference was, tusita flower stored physical items, while bookworm stored knowledge and information. Even if it was destroyed, it would only explode into a flash of harmless white light.

“Please browse through.” The elderly Gu Master said.

The two bookworms were refined by him, thus he could easily lend them to Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

Fang and Bai both used a trace of snow silver primeval essence, and injected it into the bookworm.

The bookworms turned into a flash of white light, entering the two’s forehead, in between their eyebrows.

Suddenly, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing gained a wave of information in their heads.

The information was like content they memorised, deeply entrenched in their minds.

Bai Ning Bing bit her tongue secretly, Tong Ou shop sold almost tens of thousands of Gu worms! Gu worms of all kinds, causing one to get dizzy from observing the selection alone.

Among them, there was bookworm, liquor worm, all sorts of precious Gu worms, from low to high, rank one to five.

Of course, there was definitely no rank six Gu.

Each Gu worm had their specialized introduction to state their uses. There was even accurate prices, some were priced highly, while rare and precious Gu worms even had all sorts of token requirements.

This means, only Gu Masters with specific Shang clan tokens had the qualifications to buy these Gu worms.

Fang Yuan needed to purchase large numbers of Gu worms, after browsing through casually, he came back to reality and returned the bookworm to the elderly.

Although he had over ten thousand primeval stones now, to purchase all the Gu worms he needed, there was still some way to go.

Money was not the problem, because some of the Gu worms had token requirements.

“Esteemed guest, what are you interested in? If you purchase in bulk, we can give an appropriate discount.” The elderly smiled and said.

Seeing Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s snow silver primeval essence, his tone became even more respectful.

Fang Yuan waved his hand: “No rush, I have Gu worms to sell.”

Saying so, he summoned a bone spear Gu.

The elderly was not surprised, there was many who came to Tong Ou shop to buy, but also many who came to sell.

He held the bone spear Gu, took a look, and showed a trace of surprise on his face.

He had never seen the bone spear Gu.

Of course he has not.

This was a special Gu worms made by Grey Bone Scholar, it had never entered the market.

“Please enlighten me, esteemed guest.” The elderly showed a solemn expression as he cupped his fists.

Fang Yuan nodded, drinking some tea: “Of course. This is the bone spear Gu, a specific lineage of Gu worms. I’ll lend it to you now, you’ll know when you try it.”

The elderly wielded it at once, remarking: “This Gu, although rank one, is not easy to raise. But its attack power is high and is rather unique, it is worth this price.”

The elderly stretched out his palm, showing a number.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 262: Unable to sell 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Three hundred ten?

Seeing the amount shown by the elderly, Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows.

Liquor worm’s price was five hundred eighty, bookworm was slightly higher, at six hundred. Black and white boar Gu were also six hundred, but all these Gu worms were rank one rare Gu, with little numbers, thus their price was steep.

Ordinary rank one Gu were around two hundred fifty primeval stones.

One time expenditure Gu like vitality grass were priced at fifty a piece.

Setting the bone spear Gu at three hundred ten was already quite good. This elderly working at Tong Ou shop did not suppress the price purposely.

But even so, Fang Yuan tried to raise the prices as much as he could.

Bargaining was already mastered by him to the limits in his previous life.

In just a few sentences, the elderly had no choice but to raise the price by ten primeval stones.

One bone spear Gu, three hundred and twenty primeval stones.

“Alright, we shall deal at this price.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, and a wave of light flew out of his aperture.

Fifty-six bone spear Gu, floated in front of the elderly, causing him to jump from shock.

“So many…” He instantly regretted it. Each raised by ten primeval stones, this is nearly a six hundred primeval stone increment.

The truth is, Fang Yuan took almost two hundred bone spear Gu from Bai Gu mountain.

But as he traded along the way, without sufficient food, most of them had died already, only so little remain.

“Fifty-six Gu, that is seventeen thousand nine hundred and twenty (17920) primeval stones, I will ask the servants to bring over the primeval stones over now.” The elderly kept the bone spear Gu into his aperture.

“No rush, look at this.” Fang Yuan smiled, taking out a spiral bone spear Gu.

“This rank two Gu resembles the bone spear Gu…” The elderly showed astonishment on his face.

“Indeed, successfully refining the bone spear Gu will create this spiral bone spear Gu. It has a spiral force, thus its penetration ability is very strong.” Fang Yuan explained at an appropriate timing.

The elderly tested, and verified what Fang Yuan had mentioned, giving a price of seven hundred eighty primeval stones.

After a few rounds of bargaining, Fang Yuan raised the price to eight hundred per Gu.

These spiral bone spear Gu were well kept by him, there were twenty in his aperture.

This way, he sold them all for sixteen thousand primeval stones.

“Now look at this Gu, seven thousand primeval stones.” Fang Yuan gave a price, and took out the bone spike Gu, introducing once again.

The elderly held the bone spike Gu, but did not dare to test it, laughing bitterly: “This Gu is rank three, but it hurts both enemies and user. The pain of bone spikes penetrating the skin must hurt greatly. To use it, a healing Gu has to be used as well, this price is too high, I will consider six thousand five hundred, it is just the right price…”

“Let’s not bargain anymore, I’ll give in a little, six thousand seven hundred.” Fang Yuan said.

After two rounds, the elderly found Fang Yuan extremely hard to deal with, he wiped the sweat off his forehead and gritted his teeth: “Deal.”

“Then that is forty thousand six hundred and twenty (40620) primeval stones in total.” Fang Yuan’s eyeballs moved as he gave an accurate amount.

The elderly suddenly bowed, paying respects to Fang Yuan: “Esteemed guest, these Gu worms that you are selling, I have never seen them in my years of dealing in business. They are all interconnected, with a clear advancement path, they seem to be of one family tree. May I ask you, are these Gu from the same inheritance?”

Fang Yuan nodded: “Any intelligent person can tell, indeed, this was obtained through a lucky opportunity, and I inherited an inheritance, getting these Gu worms.

The elderly was joyful: “In that case, you must have the relevant Gu refinement recipe. Esteemed guest’s luck truly is amazing, even an outsider would be envious, is it possible to sell these recipes together to my shop?”

Fang Yuan frowned.

Goods were expensive when rare, bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu, bone spike Gu, not only he possessed them, Bai clan had them too. No issue if he sold them.

But the complete refinement recipe, he obtained it from the flesh sac secret room, there was only one in the world. Such a thing could not be easily sold.

“Anything that is below rank six, both Gu and recipes, can have a price. But, how much primeval stones can you offer?” Fang Yuan thought, and asked.

As long as the price is appropriate, this recipe could be sold.

He needed money.

After selling the bone spear Gu and others, the forty thousand primeval stones was insufficient for his plans.

The elderly raised two fingers: “Two hundred thousand!”

After selling so many Gu worms, he only got forty thousand. But the formless recipe, could gain him two hundred thousand.

Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.

The method to catching fish far surpasses the value of the fish itself.

Because the method implies a continuous source of fish.

To Tong Ou shop, with a recipe, it means they can produce bone spear Gu and the others themselves, endlessly.

That means a long term transaction item, only sold at a single place, thus the white bone recipe is definitely priced much more highly.

But Fang Yuan smirked: “Two hundred thousand. You dare report this price?”

The elderly’s face turned red, this price was low indeed, he quickly said: “Three hundred thousand!”

Fang Yuan did not speak, but turned to leave.

The elderly gritted his teeth: “Five hundred thousand!”

“This price is finally looking bearable, I’ll sell it for six hundred and eighty thousand.” Fang Yuan sipped his tea.

The elderly’s face was bitter: “Five hundred thousand is the limit of my authority. Esteemed guest, you sold so many bone spear Gu, we can hire a recipe master to reverse engineer your recipe. It is really not bad to sell it for five hundred thousand already.”

Fang Yuan shook his head, his attitude firm: “The recipe in my hands is unique to this world, there is only one in the entire world! At least six hundred and fifty thousand, otherwise I will not sell it. Within this Shang clan city, I’m sure there are other shops, right?”

“You do not know this esteemed guest, Shang clan city has many shops, but most are under the control of my clan’s young master. If you cannot sell it here, no other places would buy it either. If you do not sell the recipe, I’m afraid you won’t be able to sell these Gu worms too.” The elderly cupped his fist, his words being both firm and compromising, with a hint of threat.

“Oh? Then we’ll see about that.” Fang Yuan kept all these Gu worms, and left.

“Esteemed guests, I am sincerely advising you, please stay and sell it.” The elderly gave his last attempt.

Fang Yuan did not pay him any attention, walking out of the room immediately. Bai Ning Bing could only follow closely behind.

“Esteemed guest, you will come here again.” The elderly laughed coldly, sending the two off with his gaze.

After Fang and Bai left, the elderly came to the secret room, and activated his primeval essence, summoning a Gu.

This Gu turned into a flash of light and entered a bronze mirror.

Ripples appeared on the mirror surface, as a young man’s face showed up.

“This subordinate greets young master.” Seeing the young Gu Master, the elderly quickly kneeled on the floor.

“What business do you have?” This young man was one of the young masters of Shang clan, called Shang Ya Zi. He was only eighteen, at the peak of his life, but he was an alcoholic, causing his face to be skinny, and his skin to be pale, and giving off a dazed expression.

The elderly spoke about Fang Yuan’s matter.

In Shang Ya Zi’s eyes, a devious but excited light shone.

He shouted loudly: “Excellent. Heaven really leaves a path for the desperate. I was worrying about how to keep my young master position, and now heaven sends me this gift. I have to obtain this inheritance, with this deal, I would be able to pass the evaluation this year!”

“This subordinate will do his best, but I am only in charge of Tong Ou shop, as for the others…”

“I will arrange it, hmph, these two wants to sell Gu worms, they can only bow to me!” Shang Ya Zi snorted in disdain.

Ba Bao shop…

“Sorry guests, there are instructions from the higher-ups, if the two of you wants to sell Gu, you should go to Tong Ou shop.”

Yuan Fang 1 building…

“So it is the two esteemed guests, if you sell the recipe, all can be discussed.”

Bu Dao store…

“You two are esteemed guests, I am a businesswoman, why would I chase you away, but I am left with no choice either…”

After three shops, Fang Yuan did not manage to sell his Gu worms.

“Haha, to think you would have this day. The old man was not wrong, this is indeed their territory.” Bai Ning Bing struck a blow to Fang Yuan relentlessly.

After several rejections, Fang Yuan’s face was still calm: “Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei has many children, but there is only one position for young clan leader, and ten young masters. Every year there would be an evaluation to choose the young clan leader, and remove the worst performing young master to make room for his other children.”

A bright light flashed across Bai Ning Bing’s brain: “So that’s it, that means this Shang clan young master is either vying for the young clan leader position, or to defend his young master title. Otherwise, he would not create such a commotion.”

Fang Yuan laughed as he clapped his hands together: “This is Shang clan’s third inner city, no fighting is allowed. Even if Bai clan came here, they cannot do anything here. For the Shang clan young masters, their restrictions is even greater. With the impending evaluation, every movement from them will be strictly observed. We are in no hurry, let’s find a place to sit down first.”

At Shang clan, there is no worry about lack of food.

Let’s just stall it out, and wait a few more days with these bone spear Gu, let’s see who outlasts the other!

At the same time, in the first inner city.

“Did you investigate clearly?” Shang Yan Fei stood at the window, staring at the garden.

“This lady is indeed your flesh and blood, clan leader. Moreover, her soul is intact, her body had not been taken over by another person. I’ve already contacted Zhang clan, and clarified her identity. But there is something strange, she was part of a caravan heading towards Shang Liang mountain, but we cannot find anyone who travelled with her in the caravan.” The external clan elder Wei Yang lowered his head and reported.

Shang Yan Fei listened quietly, sighing in his heart: “Oh heavens, thank you for giving me a chance to make amendments. I have already let down a girl, I cannot disappoint this daughter of mine anymore!”

…

Shang Xin Ci sat before the table, seeing the hot steam rise from her tea, her eyes were out of focus.

From Xiao Die’s words, she knew of Shang Yan Fei’s identity.

She did not expect her father to be the Shang clan leader, a man with immense authority, whose every action can impact the entire southern border!

Then why did he not find her mother?

Shang Xin Ci was intelligent after all, quickly understanding the reason why Shang Yan Fei abandoned her mother.

But even on her deathbed, her mother missed him greatly.

Shang Xin Ci felt pain in her heart, but also hatred, but mostly emptiness.

She did not know how to face this father who appeared all of a sudden.

But running away was impossible, outside the door there was knocking: ” Ci Er2 , can I come in?”

Xiao Die instantly became nervous.

It was Shang Yan Fei.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 263: Meeting 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Shang Yan Fei showed a sincere smile as he walked into the house.

Xiao Die hurriedly paid respects, while Shang Xin Ci sat beside the table, motionless as she continued to stare at the same spot.

Shang Yan Fei also sat beside the table, speaking in an extremely gentle voice: “Ci Er, how do you feel now?”

Shang Xin Ci had good upbringing after all, she stood up, took a few steps back and bowed: “Lord Shang clan leader does not have to worry, I only fainted because my emotions were too intense, I have recovered now, I can hear and see well, there is no problem.”

Shang Yan Fei quickly waved his hand: “Hehehe, as long as you are fine Ci Er, come sit, sit down and talk.”

Shang Xin Ci only addressed him as Shang clan leader, purposely using such a distant term, it caused his heart to ache.

Shang Xin Ci sat down once again, as Xiao Die finally reacted and poured tea for Shang Yan Fei.

“Tell me, how were your past few years?” Shang Yan Fei looked at Shang Xin Ci gently.

“It was rather alright.” Shang Xin Ci answered curtly, not wishing to converse deeply into it.

But Xiao Die started to grumble: “From young, Missy has been isolated by the clansmen. After Madam passed away, they got even harsher and wanted to snatch our family fortune. They are too evil, Sir, you have to help Missy!”

“Xiao Die, pour your tea.” Shang Xin Ci rolled her eyes at Xiao Die.

Xiao Die instantly shut up, not speaking anymore.

Facing this, Shang Yan Fei did not get anxious, instead the pity and pain in his heart grew.

He laughed: “Right, how did you get here? Coming here from Zhang clan, it is a huge distance away.”

“Sir, you almost failed to see Missy. We barely made it out alive in this journey. The entire caravan of a thousand was reduced to us four. Luckily we met Lord Hei Tu and Bai Yun and gained their assistance, if not…” Xiao Die could not control herself and blabbered.

“Xiao Die!” Shang Xin Ci glared at Xiao Die.

Xiao Die had to shut up once again.

Shang Yan Fei memorised the two names, “Hei Tu and Bai Yun”, as he smiled: “From now on, you two will stay here. It is extremely safe, when you are bored you can take a walk in the garden, or go outside for shopping. You have just arrived here, and are not familiar with the estate yet, it is easy to get lost. I will send a servant over to you, she is familiar with the environment. I shall leave first, take a good rest for now.”

Shang Yan Fei could tell Shang Xin Ci still needed time to adjust her mindset.

At this point, he needed to give her time and space to adapt.

“Master is such a good person, although he is the Shang clan leader, he is so amiable. Missy, he is your birth father after all…” Seeing Shang Yan Fei leave, Xiao Die urged.

“I know, I understood mother’s intentions when I first saw him. Sigh , she instructed me to come to Shang Liang mountain before she died, yet not telling me the reason. That is because she was not certain if he would acknowledge me as his daughter… Although he has accepted me, I do not feel good about it. This is all too sudden…”

“Missy, no matter what, no matter where you go, I will stay by your side.” Xiao Die stood before the table, grabbing Shang Xin Ci’s hand and encouraging.

“Mm.” Shang Xin Ci was moved and nodded, placing her palm on top of Xiao Die’s.

“Of course, if Missy can stay here, that would be the best. You know, this is Shang clan! Oh god, glory and wealth are all within arm’s reach. Zhang clan can’t even hold a candle to Shang clan, Missy!” Xiao Die made a wry face as she said.

“Oh you.” Shang Xin Ci laughing speechlessly, feeling helpless against Xiao Die.

Xiao Die snickered. As her laughter infected Shang Xin Ci, it resolved the remaining grudge in her heart.

Shang Yan Fei walked out of the room, and his smile vanished completely.

He wore a black robe and had blood colored hair; a handsome face with eyes shining with cold light, he habitually tightened his lips together, showing off his determined and decisive personality.

He is Shang Yan Fei, this generation’s Shang clan leader!

He was cruel and ruthless. For the clan leader position, he forced two brothers and a sister to commit suicide.

He was resolute in killing, when he first got into power, a far away clan village thought that they were at a safe distance and attacked Shang clan’s caravan. He ignored all objections and expended much resources, to murder every single person in that village. He murdered all those who surrendered, and their skulls piled into a mountain, in front of those elders who first objected his decision to retaliate.

He held an iron rule, since he got into power, he consolidated his political strength, and practised nepotism , suppressing his competition. Quickly adding over a dozen external clan elders, he used only three years to transform the entire Shang clan higher up into his personal voice.

He had great vision, and talent for business. During his years in power, Shang clan’s caravan grew three times in size. Up to a hundred clans became Shang clan’s subordinates, and formed into a great hidden force.

He appointed people based on merits, even for his own children. There was fifteen Shang clan young master positions originally, but after his rule, he reduced it to ten.

What’s more rare, is his talent, having A grade aptitude, at the same time as he ruled the clan, his cultivation also rose as quickly, ahead of his peers, causing many to admire, hate and be jealous of him.

This is Shang Yan Fei, the man standing on top of the southern border’s mortal realm.

“This subordinate greets lord clan leader.” A young female Gu Master bowed and paid respects.

“Tian Lan, from today onwards, you will take care of Missy Ci Er to the best of your efforts.” Shang Yan Fei said coldly.

“This subordinate understands.” The young girl nodded.

“When you are near her, pay great attention, and find out some information. Missy Ci Er might not like to speak, but her servants speaks without thinking, she is your easiest break through point, I want you to find out how exactly did they manage to come to Shang Liang mountain.”

“Yes, this subordinates understands.”

“Mm, go now.”

“This subordinate takes her leave.”

Tian Lan was an orphan adopted by Shang Yan Fei, she was loyal and could be trusted to use. Her ability to perform was great too, in just three days, she completed her mission.

“Hei Tu Bai Yun? Demonic Gu Masters…” Shang Yan Fei rubbed his chin: “If this is real, I have to thank the two of them well. But to prevent other possibilities, I have to investigate them more clearly.”

Thinking of this, Shang Yan Fei summoned Wei Yang: “Go find these two, one is called Hei Tu, the other Bai Yun, one male and one female, both demonic Gu Masters, their facial features are as such…”

…………

In third inner city.

“It has already been three days, have those two stayed in Nan Qiu garden the entire time?”

“Yes young master, from that day on, they stayed deep within. The most they did was to come out and buy some milk. This subordinate thinks those milk are for feeding the Gu worms.”

“Damn it…” Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, his gaze was like a dagger that wanted to cut those two people into pieces.

The assessment was impending, among the ten young masters, he was at last place, if he does not get any business done, he would definitely be eliminated.

Shang Yan Fei had many children, but there are only ten young master positions.

Comparing ordinary children and young masters, their treatment were a world apart from each other. Young masters gathered attention, and could control one of Shang clan’s business, with unlimited glamor and fortune awaiting. Young clan leader was even more outstanding.

But if it were just ordinary children, then their treatment was no different than other clansmen.

Shang Ya Zi had already experienced the authority of a young master, asking him to go back to the ordinary lifestyle of the clansmen is akin to asking him to die!

Thus, he needed that inheritance.

Not just obtaining it, but also getting it at a low price.

Only when the price is low, will his profit be high.

But these two, Fang and Bai, were as stubborn as rocks, refusing to bow to him.

If this was the fourth or fifth inner city, he could use some extreme methods, and force them to submit. But now that they stayed in third inner city, Shang Ya Zi would not even dare to think of using force here.

“This cannot go on, they have time to waste, but I do not. It seems I have to go myself, hmph!”

Shang Ya Zi could not take it anymore, bringing his subordinates and arriving at Nan Qiu garden.

Nan Qiu garden was a residential area for esteemed guests to stay in.

In third inner city, there was no inns, only these small-sized gardens.

Staying here for a day requires thirty primeval stones, that is, three hundred for ten days, and nearly a thousand a month.

Nan Qiu garden’s price was still cheap among third inner city estates. Some large-sized gardens require a hundred primeval stones a day. For some special grade gardens, you cannot stay with just primeval stones, you needed the Shang clan token.

In Shang clan city, every acre of land is as valuable as gold, especially in third inner city where commodity prices are sky high.

Shang Ya Zi brought his people over to visit, as Fang and Bai were playing chess beside the lotus pond.

Shang Ya Zi snorted, saying in a taunting tone: “You two sure have great interests, why didn’t you go to other shops to ask these days?”

“What’s there to ask. Those who want to buy, will find their way here, am I right?” Fang Yuan laughed lightly.

“You!” Shang Ya Zi flew into a rage, Fang Yuan’s attitude was angering him.

He gritted his teeth, forcefully suppressing his emotions, raising his head and saying arrogantly: “I’m looking at the fact that you have it tough, I’ll make it five hundred thousand, are you happy now?”

“Five hundred thousand primeval stones? No deal. At least six hundred fifty.” Fang Yuan glanced at Shang Ya Zi before turning back to the chessboard.

Shang Ya Zi’s eyes squinted into a thin line as he took a few steps towards Fang Yuan and threatened: “You two demonic Gu Masters, how dare you pretend! I’ve checked up on your backgrounds, you snatched this inheritance from Bai clan right? I heard you even killed Bai clan’s two young masters? You had better take the chance now and sell it quickly. I’ll tell you, these few days, a Tie clan group has already reached Shang Liang mountain, and are looking for your traces. What do you think will happen if I expose your information to them?”

“Oh? Go tell them then.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.

“You!” Shang Ya Zi pointed at Fang Yuan, unable to endure it anymore: “I’ll tell you, five hundred thousand is my greatest sincerity, other than selling it to me, what other choices do you have? None! This is my terrority, you had better understand your circumstances.”

At this time, a light descended from the sky, and turned into a Gu Master.

This Gu Master looked around, before bowing slightly, saying towards Fang and Bai: “Sir Hei Tu and Lady Bai Yun, I am Wei Yang, as with clan leader’s orders, I am inviting both of you to the second inner city for a talk.”

“Wh- what? Father wants to meet these two personally?!” Shang Ya Zi felt lightning strike him as his eyes stared widely, expressing his utter fear.

This is really bad!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 264: Absolutely terrible! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Shang Ya Zi turned pale with fright.

His action of suppressing the price was against the rules. He would receive severe punishment were it to be discovered.

This was an organization.

Once you were in a high position, you needed to comply with the rules. The rules of a system was to ensure the benefits of the higher ups; despite many of the organizations advertising they represented the benefits of the majority, it was, for the most part, just a joke.

So the higher your position is, the more you needed to comply with the rules.

On the contrary, there was more corruption in the low-mid level positions.

After you reached a higher position, individual benefits had already become inseparably linked with the benefits of the organization; often, the benefits the organization received would represent your own benefits.

Shang Ya Zi could only be said to be a temporary higher up, many paid attention to him as one of the young masters of Shang Clan, but his real authority came from his father; he was just like rootless weed.

This also signified his punishment would be more harsh when he violated the rules because many people were watching him.

“This is not possible, I have already carefully investigated before I came, I even spent a large amount of primeval stones to buy information on these two from Feng Yu Manor. These two are clearly demonic Gu Masters and are also listed as wanted, they are stray dogs, why would lord father invite them?”

Shang Ya Zi felt this situation was incredibly unbelievable.

It was like the case of a rich person making things difficult for two beggars, when suddenly an imperial edict comes declaring that the emperor wanted to see these two beggars!

Shang Ya Zi was pressuring Fang Yuan because they were lone forces; oppressing them and finishing this affair in secrecy should have been absolutely safe and no one would know.

Naturally, there was bound to be some risks but Shang Ya Zi could only take that risk to protect his position as a young master.

“How could they have any relation to father when they don’t have any background? Damn it, has the world gone crazy? What do I do? If they disclose this matter, my young master position is finished! Should I kill them? No, this is just courting my own death. I don’t have any chance of doing anything in this third inner city, especially now that they have received father’s attention. The main thing is these two bastards, they are at rank three peak stage. How am I supposed to do anything in this situation?”

In a split second, thoughts processed like lightning in Shang Ya Zi’s mind, trying to think of countermeasures.

His eyes kept on moving about, and sweat was already starting to seep out of his forehead.

He had played with fire this time!

“Damn it, what do I do, what else is there?!” He was roaring with worry in his mind.

“Shang clan leader wants to see us? What for?” Fang Yuan timely showed his doubt.

Bai Ning Bing was even more puzzled.

What is going on?

She suspected this was Fang Yuan’s trick at first, and so glanced at Fang Yuan.

However, Fang Yuan also showed a puzzled expression which baffled her.

She couldn’t help but think: I have been with him all the time, he shouldn’t be able to conceal anything from me if he was up to something.

Moreover, what kind of person was Shang clan leader, he was high and above, standing at the peak of the mortals. No matter how proud Bai Ning Bing was, even she acknowledged Shang Yan Fei’s authority and power.

“Then why do I feel something amiss, as if I neglected something?”

Wei Yang laughed: “Rest assured, if Shang clan wanted to harm you guys, why would we make it so complicated? This is a friendly invitation, lord clan leader is very interested in you two.”

“It is our honor to be able to receive the clan leader’s invitation. We will immediately go see him then.” Fang Yuan threw the chess piece on his hand and stood up.

Shang Ya Zi felt even more worried and promptly said: “Six hundred fifty thousand primeval stones, let’s complete the deal!”

Fang Yuan glanced at him and smiled: “Sorry, I don’t intend to sell the secret recipe!”

Shang Ya Zi’s face turned deathly pale, his mouth felt parched and his gaze towards Fang Yuan even contained some vague imploring: “I was anxious and behaved rudely, please don’t take it to heart, esteemed guests. The price can be discussed, we can properly discuss it after you are back!”

Fang Yuan gave a shallow smile. He didn’t reply.

Who would discuss with you? But temporarily stabilizing this man could prevent him from taking desperate actions and reduce some trouble.

As he thought of this, Fang Yuan nodded: “If young master is sincere, then I will look forward to it.”

Shang Ya Zi’s expression immediately relaxed and showed a grateful expression; it was like a person that was about to fall from a cliff suddenly found a tree to grab on to.

“Okay, I will wait for you.” He promptly said.

“Esteemed guests, please.” Wei Yang showed the way.

“Lead the way.”

Following Wei Yang, Fang and Bai entered second inner city.

Bai Ning Bing had been anticipating the extravagant second inner city, but when she reached there, she was astonished and disappointed.

In the second inner city, buildings were made of stones and were very simple, even the fourth inner city was better than this.

But her expression soon turned grave as she realized the reason.

It is easy for the frugal to become extravagant, but very difficult for the extravagant to become frugal.

Shang clan’s riches were as high as a mountain but they scrupulously abided by living in a simple way. This was not because they were miserly, but to maintain the vigor of the clan.

Wei Yang led Fang and Bai to a private residence.

“Esteemed guests, you can have some fruits while you wait. Lord clan leader has just recently come out of closed door cultivation and is handling some matters. He will come here soon. This is clan leader’s private residence, please stay here and don’t casually move outside. I will take my leave now.”

There was no one else in the house, Fang and Bai were left alone after Wei Yang’s departure.

The two waited for a whole six hours but did not see even a shadow. Wei Yang said they could eat fruits, but where were the fruits? Not even tea could be found!

During the first two hours, Fang Yuan calmly sat on a wide backed wooden chair.

During the next two hours, he could no longer sit calmly and started mumbling to himself, revealing his impatience.

By the sixth hour, he clearly revealed impatience and unease as he began to move to and fro in the house.

“Hmph, what the hell is this Shang clan leader doing? He wants us to wait for him, but where is he? He is too arrogant.” Fang Yuan’s tone was angry as he paced around.

“Can you just sit down? My eyes are getting dizzy. Why not just cultivate peacefully?” Bai Ning Bing slightly frowned, this was not like Fang Yuan’s usual behavior.

“There is something fishy here, do you think it was really Shang clan leader who invited us?” Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly knitted together.

“How would I know? I was going to ask you that!” Bai Ning Bing rolled her eyes and puzzledly said, “Did you do something wrong and offended Shang clan?”

Fang Yuan snorted: “You have been with me all the time and you still can’t understand me? There is no one in this private residence, I am not able to be at ease here. Let’s go out and take a look at the situation!”

Bai Ning Bing thought for a little while and stood up: “Alright.”

Fang and Bai walked out of the house, the courtyard wasn’t big and there was also nothing strange.

At the same time, in first inner city.

Inside a study, colorful smoke curled up and rose in front of Shang Yan Fei, showing the real time view of Fang and Bai.

“Wei Yang, what do you think of these two?” Shang Yan Fei asked his trusted aide.

Wei Yang mumbled: “The way I see it, these two are indeed demonic Gu Masters. From the information we collected, they are young but have rank three peak stage cultivation, their innate talents should be extraordinary. Among those two, Hei Tu is rather frank and is kind of rash; Bai Yun seems to have deep thoughts and should be very shrewd. Hei Tu, Bai Yun… these names should be fake.”

“Mm, your analysis isn’t bad. In that case, you will be in charge of interacting with them for these few days. Test their abilities and closely follow them.” Shang Yan Fei finished speaking and put away the colorful smoke.

He was only worried about Shang Xin Ci and showed little interest towards Fang and Bai.

The small test just now gave him a basic understanding towards the temperament of these two. And combining it with the intelligence he received, he more or less had a general impression.

Not all demonic Gu Masters were demented people.

These two guys could be considered decent, and maybe it was because they were young, he could clearly sense their lofty character.

People who had principles were often lofty and unyielding.

First impression was important, Shang Yan Fei honestly felt Fang and Bai were quite good. But he was a prudent person, anyone who could sit stably at a position like his were all prudent.

He was waiting, waiting for the people he sent to investigate the truth to come back and confirm everything, then he could rest easy.

“Alright, handle this properly, you can leave now.” Shang Yan Fei waved his hands, then he took out the top document from the tall pile of documents in the study.

He had only been in closed cultivation for half a month, and the work had piled up so much already.

 …

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing made a round in the private residence, there really was no one else.

The two were hesitating whether to go out to check the situation when Wei Yang appeared before them.

“Two esteemed guests, lord clan leader is very busy with work and is not able to leave right now. We can only cancel this meeting.” He looked like he was sincerely apologizing.

“What? We come and leave according to your whims?” Fang Yuan was indignant.

Bai Ning Bing was silent and expressionless.

Wei Yang smiled: “You two are our esteemed guests, why would Shang clan chase away their esteemed guests? Lord clan leader especially had asked me to attend to you as an apology. I have already arranged for a banquet in Shi Tian restaurant, please give me the honor of hosting.”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing glanced at each other, then Fang Yuan said: “Just in time, we are also hungry, let’s go fill our stomachs first.”

Shi Tian restaurant was one of the best restaurants in Shang clan city and occupied a great amount of space in the third inner city. The decorations were elegant, and its dishes sumptuous. Its chefs were specialized Gu Masters who used special Gu worms to help in cooking delicacies that couldn’t be matched by ordinary methods.

A typical meal here would last over four hours and more; there were over a hundred type of dishes, each with their own characteristics. Their top quality wine also left a rich aftertaste.

Bai Ning Bing didn’t eat much and kept on worrying about Shang clan leader’s invitation. She tried to get answers from Wei Yang indirectly at the banquet, but Wei Yang was a cautious guy too and kept his mouth closed.

On the contrary, Fang Yuan ate with gusto, with oil marks around his mouth. He also drank heavily and began to kick up a racket, his resentment and indignance from just before seemed to have completely disappeared.

Wei Yang looked at Fang Yuan who was drinking directly from the wine jar and then looked at Bai Ning Bing who was only drinking water; he instantly felt Fang Yuan, this ugly guy, was much more adorable.

After the banquet was over, Wei Yang dropped the two off at Nan Qiu garden.

Wei Yang left his parting words: “Take a good rest tonight, I will come look for you tomorrow and take you sightseeing around the Shang clan city.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 265: Broadsword of Light vs Bone Spear 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On the second day.

As expected, Wei Yang came to Nan Qiu garden and brought Fang and Bai to tour Shang clan city.

“Our Shang clan city is number one in the southern border in terms of size. Shang clan has operated here for thousands of years, transforming the entire Shang Liang mountain. Here, there are over ten thousand shops, and hundreds of thousands of people.”

“Both of you have not eaten yet, I’ll bring you to a famous breakfast shop, please follow me.”

Fang and Bai followed Wei Yang, along the stone pillar and descended.

After three layers, they came to a shop, called Early Spring.

Thousand layer agate cake, crab roe bun, golden field pancake, snow porridge…

“Shang clan city, from inner to outer, has first, second, third, fourth, fifth and outer city. If they were classified even more clearly, there are many zones as well, food zone, gambling rocks zone, caretaking zone, red-light zone and others.” Wei Yang introduced.

…

“This is the culinary zone, with many restaurants mostly owned by Gu Master chefs. The delicacies are endless.”

…

“This is the caretaking zone, most Gu Masters have excessive Gu worms, so they place them here for caretaking. The price is determined by situations, but ordinarily, a rank one Gu costs eighty primeval stones a month.

…

“This is the Gu fighting zone, this place is solely for Gu fights, Gu Masters cannot interfere, and can only control their Gu. If you two have appropriate Gu worms, you can give it a try.”

…

“This is the red-light zone, having the most number of brothels in the entire Shang clan city. Many Gu Masters come here to relax. You two have come here through the caravan, you must know the immense pressure during the journey. Here you can find women, men, and even Gu Masters. Are the two of you interested?”

…

As Wei Yang brought them around, Bai Ning Bing gained much insight to this world.

Shang clan city is bustling and flourishing, causing many to have lingering memories even after they leave.

A day’s time is too short, while Shang clan city is too huge, even if the three used horse carriages to travel, they cannot even cover one percent of the entire city.

On the third day, Wei Yang came over again to attend to Fang and Bai.

“This is the substitute refinement zone. You are both Gu Masters, you naturally understand the difficulties in refining Gu. To us, what we fear most is encountering a strong-willed wild Gu worm during refinement, or a Gu that an expert had left behind. The higher the rank of the Gu, the harder it is to refine. Back in the day, Empress Wu Ji spent eleven years just to refine a rank five dragon strength Gu. Thus, substitute refinement is a necessity, and has always been in the market.”

…

“This is the auction zone, every day there will be a small scale auction held here, every two weeks there will be a mid scale auction, and at the end of every month, there will be a large scale auction. Most items that appear on the auction are rare and coveted.”

…

“This is the battle zone, with over eighty battle stages. This place is always the most popular! There are single battle stages, for Gu Masters to experiment and practise using their Gu worms. There are dual battle stages for Gu Masters to exchange pointers, and even multi-battle stages, to experience multiple enemies at once.”

Just as Wei Yang had said, the battle stages were the most popular place in Shang clan city.

The place was chaotic and noisy, as human traffic stayed high, rank three Gu Masters could be seen everywhere.

“Big brother Wei, why are you here?” From among the crowd, a young man saw Wei Yang and immediately called out, walking briskly towards him.

This man was about twenty seven or eight years old, having a common face but gave off a strong aura.

“Little Xiao, I heard you fought your way into third inner city. Good job!” Wei Yang patted the young man’s shoulders, encouraging.

“Yes, I recently advanced to rank three middle stage, and my fighting strength improved as well. Come to think of it, I have to thank you for all your guidance, or I would have never made it this far.” The young man earnestly thanked.

“You have good talent lad, you could do it even without me, You are not thirty yet, but you have already reached rank three middle stage, that is much more impressive than me back then, haha.” Wei Yang laughed and said.

The young man gave Wei Yang an admiring gaze: “Big brother Wei Yang, how can I compare to you. You were only rank three middle stage back then, and already dominated the third inner city. At twenty five, you got the attention of the lord clan leader and was recruited. Now, you are already a clan elder, just look at Shang clan, how many external clan elders are there in total?”

“As long as you work hard, you can do it too.” Wei Yang encouraged the young man.

Soon after, he turned around, and explained to Fang and Bai: “The battle zone is one of the ways Shang clan recruit outside talents. Back then, I fought my way from the fifth inner city’s battle zone all the way to third inner city, and stayed on the stage for eighteen consecutive rounds before being recruited by lord clan leader.”

Back then, Shang Yan Fei was still not the clan leader.

After becoming his trusted aide, Wei Yang was also successfully promoted to an external clan elder after Shang Yan Fei got into power.

Bai Ning Bing suddenly realized.

No wonder the battle zone was so popular.

Shang clan’s enterprise was huge, and they needed manpower in many areas. Just relying on their clansmen would be difficult to handle the entire situation. The many generations of Shang clan young masters would definitely recruit a number of demonic Gu Masters for their own use.

If the young master that supported these demonic Gu Masters became the clan leader, then the demonic Gu Masters under them would likely become an external clan elder, enjoying the treatment of a clan elder.

Gu Master’s cultivation required lots of resources. Many demonic Gu Masters did not have a stable source of resources from their clans, and were often poor. Only by relying on a clan could they better survive.

Wei Yang was a successful example.

In Shang clan city’s battle zone, there are large numbers of demonic Gu Masters. In order to join the Shang clan, and become part of the righteous path, to become someone like Wei Yang, they had to compete as they fought their way up to the top.

“Battle stage, this place is filled with memories, guests, would you like to have a spar with me?” Wei Yang suddenly suggested.

“Big brother Wei is going on the stage?” Little Xiao suddenly became excited, his eyes gleaming.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other.

“Alright, then let me experience it.” Fang Yuan had expected Shang clan to probe into this, thus he went with the flow.

“Big brother Wei, you don’t come here often, this place has been remodelled many times, let me lead the way.” Little Xiao volunteered.

Wei Yang nodded: “Okay.”

Little Xiao asked: “Brother Wei, what field do you want, forest, mountain, wilderness, or desert, lake?”

Wei Yang turned around, asking for Fang and Bai’s opinion: “Let our two esteemed guests choose.”

Some Gu Masters specialized in mountain battles, some specialized in desert battles, the battle environment was an important element in affecting battle results.

“We can choose different stages here? What fields do you have?” Bai Ning Bing asked curiously.

Little Xiao heard Wei Yang address Fang and Bai as esteemed guests, and did not dare to drag on, quickly explaining to them.

The battle stages in the third inner city had around tens of different environments, almost encompassing all kinds of terrain that one could possible be in.

After hearing so, Bai Ning Bing could not help but have an urge to try: “Then let’s choose the flagstone stage.”

Flagstone stage, the most common battle stage, without any wind, snow, rain or sand as natural elements.

The specialized black flagstone, covered over a hundred meters of land.

“Quickly look, it seems to be elder Wei Yang.”

“It is elder Wei Yang, that’s him.”

“Although he has B grade aptitude, he was a successful story that left the battle stage, back then, I even competed with him.”

…

Wei Yang seemed to be popular as his appearance on the battle stage attracted many people’s attention.

But Wei Yang kept a low profile, using his clan elder authority to seal this battle stage, preventing outsiders from watching.

Only Little Xiao was left.

Wei Yang walked to the center of the stage: “According to normal rules, both sides of the competitors have to announce their cultivation, before assessing it fairly. But since we are just having a casual spar, we shall skip that. Please, have the first move.”

What he meant was he wanted to challenge both Fang and Bai single handedly.

Little Xiao stood outside the stage, gripping his fist in excitement: “Big brother Wei won as the weaker side back then, using his rank three middle stage cultivation to dominate the stage, and guarding eighteen rounds of battle. Almost every fight was a classic, now that he is rank three peak stage, I have to observe this battle carefully!”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing gave each other a look, before suddenly attacking, moving towards Wei Yang from the left and right respectively.

“Going for close combat?” Wei Yang stood at the center, not moving as his body glowed in a golden light, forming a battle armor, protecting his entire body.

Pew pew pew

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing activated their spiral bone spear Gu as they charged towards Wei Yang.

Multiple bone spears spun as they penetrated the air, shooting towards Wei Yang.

“What Gu is this?” Wei Yang was confused in his mind, this was the first time he saw the bone spear Gu.

He did not dodge, intending to test out the power of the spiral bone spear Gu, and took three hits.

The light golden armor flickered, but managed to endure the hits.

“This Gu is not bad, having a spiral force and is good at penetrating defenses.” Wei Yang did not fluster, utilizing his primeval essence and causing the light armor to regain its toughness.

“My turn!” He lightly shouted, grabbing the air with both hands, as two broadswords of light formed from this air, shining brilliantly.

“It appeared, big brother Wei’s broadsword light Gu!” Little Xiao saw this, and spoke out in excitement.

Wei Yang grabbed the two broadswords, sweeping his gaze and choosing to charge at Fang Yuan.

“Broadsword light Gu and sword shadow Gu are known as the strongest attacking Gu among the rank three Gu worms…” Seeing Wei Yang approaching, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a sharp flash.

Even though the broadsword light Gu was strong, he was not afraid.

Jumping grass.

Two spring-like grass appeared on his feet, as he stepped on the ground and after gathering energy, Fang Yuan’s speed increased drastically.

Canopy Gu, flying bone shield.

Fang Yuan’s body shone with a white armor, and three white bone shields surrounded his body, circling continuously around his front, left, back and right.

“Good timing.” Wei Yang shouted, as he rushed to Fang Yuan, slamming both of his broadswords from above, intending to strike.

Fang Yuan did not dodge or avoid, raising his right fist and smashing right at it.

Wei Yang’s eyes shone with surprise, not expecting Fang Yuan to fight so bravely.

Two broadswords of light slammed down, as the white bone shields automatically blocked it.

The broadswords cut the white bone shields into halves, before landing on the white armor of the canopy Gu, giving off a strong white light.

At the same time, Fang Yuan’s fist his Wei Yang’s stomach.

Although he did not break the light golden armor, the huge force sent Wei Yang flying.

Bai Ning Bing rushed up at the crucial moment, waving her hand as multiple spiral bone spear Gu shot towards Wei Yang.

The attack was ruthless and decisive, with the intention of sending Wei Yang to his grave.

“Ah, danger!” Seeing this, Little Xiao screamed out.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 266: My name is Fang Zheng 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Wei Yang was sent flying by Fang Yuan’s fist, and before he stabilized himself, spiral bone spears came flying from above.

The spiral bone spears penetrated the air, shooting like lightning with a crisp sound.

At such a distance, Wei Yang could even see the spiral carvings on the bone spear tip.

“These spiral bone spear Gu, although strong and are able to penetrate defenses, are only rank two Gu worms, there is no threat in them.” At that instant, Wei Yang’s thoughts moved like lightning.

Bai Ning Bing’s blue eyes were cold as ice, Wei Yang challenging both of them at the same time triggered the arrogance in her heart.

“Spiral bone spear can only restrict him, I don’t have enough Gu, if I want to finish him, i’ll need to use my fists and legs!”

She was a genius.

When Fang Yuan sent Wei Yang flying, although it was just one hit, it showed Bai Ning Bing his weakness.

Wei Yang had never received a permanent strength boost from any Gu worms, he only had the strength of a normal human.

This was a major weakness that could be exploited.

Bai Ning Bing took many steps ahead, following after the bone spears and raising her leg to kick harshly.

“Brother Wei…” Little Xiao who was watching the match saw this scene and started to worry.

If Wei Yang’s movements were restricted by the bone spears, it would give Bai Ning Bing a chance to strike. At the same time, if Fang Yuan cornered him, Wei Yang would be in a disadvantage!

“Hehehe.” At the final moment, Wei Yang laughed.

As the spiral bone spear was about to hit him, suddenly, his body shone in a white light, and he turned into a flash and vanished.

“He had this Gu indeed…” Fang Yuan squinted.

“What quick speed!” Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk, feeling astonished.

At the next second, the spiral bone spears pierced through the flagstone, stabbing into the ground.

Bai Ning Bing could not stop her momentum, with a ‘bang’, her leg crushed the flagstone. The spider web-like cracks enveloped the ground.

“Big brother Wei’s rainbow light Gu! I thought he might not use it in time, but to think he was waiting for that moment to escape, causing his enemies to hit nothing. Superb, this is a strong blow against the enemy’s psychology.” Little Xiao could tell the intentions of his actions.

Seeing that they were about to gravely injure their enemy, an escape at the last moment would turn hope into disappointment, anyone would experience this change of emotion.

Rainbow light tore through the air, as the light dispersed, Wei Yang’s body appeared again.

In the blink of an eye, he flew over fifty meters, more than half the battle stage, pulling great distance from Fang and Bai.

Seeing such speed, Bai Ning Bing’s footsteps came to a halt.

With the rainbow light Gu, Wei Yang could come and go as he pleases, fighting whenever he wants to, at this point, it was impossible for him to lose.

Rainbow light Gu was a rank three Gu, capable of allowing a Gu Master to turn into light and escape, it was the fastest among the rank three movement Gu!

In contrast, Fang Yuan only had the jumping grass, while the other had no movement Gu. With Wei Yang’s speed, they had no chance of hitting him.

In terms of movement, the rainbow light Gu gave Wei Yang a huge advantage, once this Gu was used, Fang and Bai could work together but still fall into a passive state.

“Guests, this is the rainbow light Gu, although it is rank three, its speed far surpasses many rank four Gu. The speed is so fast even the Gu Master cannot react in time, that is the first weakness. To use it, one has to use the lightning thoughts Gu or a flash of inspiration Gu, or others. Otherwise, by the time the Gu Master reacts, they would’ve flown too far and even crashed into a wall.”

Wei Yang spoke, admitting the flaws of the rainbow light Gu.

“Its second weakness, is that it expends too much primeval essence. Among rank three Gu, this expenditure is already middle-high tier consumption. There is a third weakness, but I shall not mention it, you can guess for yourselves.”

“Is that the fact that you cannot use a strength Gu to raise your physical strength?” Bai Ning Bing immediately answered.

This time, it was Wei Yang’s turn to express shock.

He gave a look of amazement: “Miss Bai Yun really has great cognitive abilities, indeed, if a Gu Master uses a Gu worm to alter their body, and increase their strength, it will be difficult to utilize the rainbow light Gu. Their primeval essence expenditure will increase drastically, or worse, the light transformation might fail and the rainbow light Gu would be destroyed.”

But to think, after Bai Ning Bing heard his praise, her expression turned cold as her gaze was like ice, staring at Wei Yang with killing intent: “Hey, let me warn you, do not call me Miss!”

“Eh?” Wei Yang’s expression froze: What did I say wrong? Is it wrong to use the word ‘Miss’? What a strange taboo.

Wei Yang thought in his heart, as he apologised: “I’m sorry for the offense, Lady Bai Yun…”

Veins popped on Bai Ning Bing’s forehead, as she gritted her teeth: “Do not use that either!”

“Oh, then… Sir Bai Yun?” Wei Yang observed her expression as he carefully chose his vocabulary.

Bai Ning Bing’s face finally returned to normal.

Wei Yang’s lips curled into a smile, continuing: “Then two sirs, it is my turn to attack.”

“Give me all you’ve got!” Fang Yuan patted his chest, screaming and scaring Bai Ning Bing who was right beside him.

“Sir Hei Tu is truly brave and admirable, then take my hit.” Wei Yang praised, as he spoke, he turned into a white light and crashed towards Fang and Bai.

Facing such speed, Fang and Bai could not even blink before this rainbow went through the gap between them and arrived behind them.

The white light dispersed, and turned back into Wei Yang.

He held two broadswords, and slashed them towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing respectively.

Before this broadsword hit, Bai Ning Bing felt her skin tighten. She immediately knew that the ice muscles’ protection could not endure this blade, and she quickly retreated.

Fang Yuan growled lightly, not dodging but activating the canopy Gu and flying bone shield Gu, sending his fist over.

The light broadsword first split the white bone shield into half.

Wei Yang turned into light and fled again.

Seeing his fist about to land on Wei Yang’s chest, Fang Yuan was just an inch away before missing entirely.

The rainbow light flew away, and stopped far away.

The entire exchange of blows was done at lightning speed.

In less than a few seconds, Wei Yang had moved from a side of the battle stage to another, over a hundred meters long.

“Again!” Fang Yuan howled, battle intent burning in his eyes.

Wei Yang turned into light again, appearing before Fang and Bai in an instant.

Bai Ning Bing could not endure it head-on, she could only use the spiral bone spear but Wei Yang’s speed was too fast, causing her bone spears to hit air.

Fang Yuan could only endure the hits passively, other than the first time, his fist never hit Wei Yang again.

At once, light flashed across the battle stage continuously, like a bouncing ball trapped in a box. Meanwhile, Fang and Bai could barely take the hits, having completely lost their momentum.

“Is this big brother Wei’s true power? Too impressive…” Little Xiao observed the chaotic sight before him.

Wei Yang’s speed was terrific, like a specter moving in the shadows.

After a few more minutes, he stopped his movements: “If both guests want to compete in terms of expenditure, and are trying to exploit the weakness of my rainbow light Gu which consumes massive amounts of primeval essence, I am afraid you are going to be disappointed. I have a light source Gu in my hand, it is an assistance type Gu whose only use is to allow a Gu Master’s primeval essence expenditure to be halved when using a light type Gu.”

“Damn it…” Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth in anger.

Fang Yuan waved his hand about: “No more, I can’t win. Brother Wei, we concede.”

Wei Yang laughed heartily, cupping his fists: “It has been an honor.”

Little Xiao seeing the battle ended, immediately came over, with excitement still lingering on his face: “Big brother Wei is truly impressive, but both sirs managing to endure so long is equally impressive. You may not know, but brother Wei has superior battle skills even though he is rank three peak stage. He is Lord Shang Yan Fei’s third general, called the White Light Swordsman. If it was me, I would not even be able to exchange twenty blows with him.”

“A loss is a loss, there is no big deal. Wei Yang, after I get my hands on suitable Gu worms, i will challenge you once again.” Bai Ning Bing’s expression was icy cold, from young, the arrogant her had never lost so badly, her mood was obviously terrible.

Little Xiao seeing Bai Ning Bing address Wei Yang by his name, showed displeasure on his face.

Fang Yuan stood at the side: “Brother Wei Yang held back already, I can feel it. Heh, after I buy some useful Gu, I will spar with you again. Although I lost this time, I am still indignant! Next time, please use your full strength, do not worry about the consequences.”

“Hahaha, brother Hei Tu speaks his mind. It is my fault this time, next time I will definitely use my full ability.” Wei Yang patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder.

“That’s the way. Brother Wei Yang, I accept my loss completely, let me treat you to some wine. Brother Xiao, you can come along too, and tell me about brother Wei’s heroic tales. I can only beat him after learning all about him right.” Fang Yuan laughed.

Little Xiao felt that this person, although ugly and lacked a ear, was very pleasant to look at.

Compared to that freak “Bai Yun’, his temper was way better.

“Alright!” Little Xiao laughed: “Fighting made us closer, I know a restaurant, newly opened, cheap, and also serves good food. We cannot make our guests pay, let me treat tonight, I hope big brother Wei can come too!”

Fang Yuan stared: “How can we do that?”

“Little Xiao is a local, while you two are guests, let him treat.” Wei Yang came in to advice.

Fang Yuan thought about it: “Okay, this time you will treat, but let me do it next time! I don’t have money with me anyway, after I sell my recipe and get money, I will treat you two to a good meal. To speak the truth, after coming here, I have been shocked by the commodity prices.”

His words were a little cheeky, and also admitted that he was poor, causing Wei Yang and Little Xiao to laugh, thinking that Fang Yuan was a clear and upright man.

Only Bai Ning Bing knew Fang Yuan’s acting skills, seeing this, she was used to it already.

In the room, the three drank wine and spoke, announcing their names, pulling their relationships closer together.

Only Bai Ning Bing drank water, being alone and enjoying her peace.

Little Xiao was called Xiao Yan, twenty seven years old, specializing in fire type Gu worms. Recently his cultivation rose by a small realm, to rank three middle stage, thus finally breaking through the fourth inner city’s battle zone and reaching third inner city.

“Hei Tu Bai Yun are just fake names, my real name is Gu Yue Fang Zheng, she is Bai Ning Bing.” Fang Yuan pretended to be drunk and exposed some information.

They had the Bai clan arrest warrant, as long as Shang clan investigated, the matter could not be kept secret. Fang Yuan gave it away on purpose, to give off the impression of having a clear conscience.

Xiao Yan was a little moved.

He and Wei Yang were demonic Gu Masters, Fang Yuan telling them his “real name” , was an act of “true friendship”.

“Surname Gu Yue…” Light flashed across Wei Yang’s eyes, this was an important information. It seems that the mission given by the clan leader has been successfully completed.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 267: Greatly underestimated Fang Yuan’s shamelessness 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Gu Yue Fang Zheng?” Listening to Wei Yang’s report, Shang Yan Fei frowned slightly.

Gu Yue was a distinct surname, Shang Yan Fei searched through his memories and soon found it.

“Gu Yue Clan, one of the three clans of Qing Mao mountain, having hundreds of years of history. Qing Mao mountain…” Shang Yan Fei’s gaze brightened as he recalled an intel he got over half a year ago.

Qing Mao mountain was mysteriously attacked and within a night, changed from a green and lively mountain to a deadly domain of ice and snow.

Even till now, the ice and snow on Qing Mao mountain had yet to completely melt. No one knew what happened at Qing Mao mountain, but from all kinds of traces found there, people knew there had been a huge battle between Gu Masters.

Now, Qing Mao mountain’s destruction was classified as a mysterious event and was already spread all over the southern border. As to what caused this, opinions differed from people to people.

However, to certain people, the traces left on Qing Mao mountain made it obvious. The secret of the ten extreme physiques was more or less known to the higher ups of the Gu Master world.

The moment he got this intel, Shang Yan Fei had also immediately guessed this was brought upon by one of the ten extreme physiques, Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique.

“If that is the case, Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s origins can be explained. The group sent to investigate the incident on Mu Bei mountain also sent a letter saying there was no suspicious point.”

Shang Yan Fei drew up an approximate outline of the whole affairs in his mind.

“Now, there is only one doubt remaining. Why did they conceal their identities and hide in the caravan?”

Shang Yan Fei already had many conjectures, but it still needed to be investigated.

“Right, you sparred with them, how were their skills?” Shang Yan Fei asked.

Wei Yang’s expression was solemn as he respectfully reported: “Geniuses! Given time, these two will definitely surpass me.”

“Oh, you have such a high opinion of them?” Shang Yan Fei was slightly amazed.

We Yang nodded and continued: “They might be concealing their cultivation with some Gu worms, but being able to last so long in battle, they should at least be rank three. Considering their young age, these two should both have A grade aptitude.”

Shang Yan Fei smiled: “But Wei Yang, A grade aptitude only represents talent and not everything. You, yourself, are the best proof of this. You have only B grade aptitude but have become one of my external elders. Furthermore, how many A grade talents have died in your hands over these years?”

In ordinary clans, A grade aptitude was an extraordinary matter.

However, to Shang Clan, they were rather common.

One reason was because it was a large clan and there were many clansmen. Another was because they recruited demonic Gu Masters, those demonic Gu Masters who distinguished themselves in battle arena definitely had extraordinary aptitudes. And the third reason was because Shang Clan’s riches were as high as a mountain, they had the ability to purchase aptitude changing Gu worms.

“You praise me too much, lord clan leader.” Wei Yang modestly said and continued, “I also understand this logic, thus I am even more sure these two are extraordinary.”

“They have rich combat talents and have a sort of innate sense towards the battle situation, as if they were born to fight. They also did not have a complete set of Gu worms, but they were able to last for so long just with two to three Gu, it truly was amazing.”

“As to their disposition, they were tough and were not discouraged when disadvantaged. When I exerted pressure on them, they were able to make a breakthrough and constantly adjust themselves, they also have tacit and great teamwork. As the battle continued, they were able to hold their ground even more stably, their improvement was extremely clear.”

“Individually, the two have some differences. Gu Yue Fang Zheng is straightforward, charging forward with incomparable bravery and has a lofty disposition. As for that Bai Ning Bing, she is quick-witted with a sharp gaze and only moves when she is sure of it, she had been constantly trying to find my weakness during the battle. In particular, Gu Yue Fang Zheng admitted his loss calmly when I said I possessed a light source Gu, he is broad-minded and absolutely has a larger heart than any ordinary man.”

“Lord clan leader, these two; one is a young tiger of the lands while the other is a dragon whelp of the seas . One Yang and one Yin, one domineering and another scheming; a perfect combination, the brilliance of twin stars, each enhancing the other’s strength. If we can recruit them, it will be a huge asset to Shang Clan!”

Shang Yan Fei was moved.

Before, he did not put Fang and Bai in his eyes, now his interest was greatly aroused as he listened to Wei Yang.

“Wei Yang, you have followed me for many years, I trust in your foresight. But there is no need to undervalue yourself, they might not necessarily be able to top you even after they grow up. You are hindered by lacking aptitude, otherwise with your talent, you would be even more outstanding than now. There is no need to worry, if a reform Gu appear, I will definitely help you get it.”

Reform Gu could raise a Gu Master’s aptitude; it was extremely rare and expensive.

Wei Yang’s eyes turned red with emotions: “I won’t forget this kindness for as long as I live!”

“I, Shang Yan Fei, will never treat my loyal followers unfairly. Leave now, continue attending to them for a few days and see what they think about Shang Clan and whether we can recruit them or not.”

“Yes, clan leader!”

 …

In a blink of an eye, three days passed.

Nan Qiu garden.

In the lounge, Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi was sitting opposite each other.

Fang Yuan leisurely tasted the tea while Shang Ya Zi’s expression looked rather unsightly.

“These few days, I have been sincerely coming to look for sir, but you have been raising your price again and again. First it was six hundred and fifty thousand, but you have raised it by tens of thousand every day and now sir actually wants eight hundred thousand! Is sir possibly playing with me to pass time?” Shang Ya Zi was feeling stifled and talked with clenched teeth.

If it was before, he would have already burst out in anger and smashed the tea cup on Fang Yuan’s face.

But now, he could not do that.

Why?

Because this guy could directly complain to the clan leader!

I still don’t know what relation they have with lord father! These days, Wei Yang has been accompanying them around the city. What kind of person was Wei Yang? He is known as the third general and is lord father’s trusted aide! His actions don’t usually represent himself, but rather lord father’s will! But why is lord father giving such deferential treatment to these two guys that appeared out of nowhere?

Shang Ya Zi was bothered and bewildered.

Since that day, he had been crazily investigating the two.

But it was in vain.

He was merely a young master, his authority was limited to Shang clan city. He was far from having the huge capability of Shang Yan Fei.

The investigations bore no fruits, so he was forced to make guesses.

Why is lord father expressing his goodwill? Is it because of the inheritance in their hands? No, an inheritance might interest an ordinary clan, but not ours. Unless it is the inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal, it would just be icing on the cake.

Or is it because they were talents? No way, there are so many loyal demonic Gu Masters in the battle stage, they would die to join Shang clan, and are extremely skilled in fighting. If father is not interested in those people, why would he want these two?

No matter how he thought about it, Shang Ya Zi could not think of an answer.

When these two guesses were rejected, a thought emerged in Shang Ya Zi’s mind.

Are these two father’s illegitimate child? Isn’t Shang Tuo Hai, the current young clan leader, father’s illegitimate child?

Shang Ya Zi pondered it again and felt that it couldn’t be.

The implication of being father’s bloodline is too great; when Shang Tuo Hai was discovered, he was firmly protected and safeguarded, unlike the these two.

Shang Ya Zi kept on agonizing over this but could not make progress.

And it was because of this, he was even more afraid of Fang and Bai. The most terrifying things were often the unknown.

Fang Yuan could tell this young master Shang Ya Zi was becoming more and more restless and impatient over these few days.

This was what he wanted to see.

This was also one of the reasons he was intentionally raising the prices every day.

If he directly raised six hundred and fifty thousand to eight hundred thousand, the negotiations would definitely collapse. But by raising the price by tens of thousands time and again, it would instead wear down Shang Ya Zi’s resistance in his firm resolute heart.

The time was ripe.

Fang Yuan placed the teacup down and smiled: “Everything has their worth. This might only be a Gu Master’s inheritance to others, but to you, esteemed young master, it is the final hope to protect your young master status.”

“As such, the price should be a little higher, and as the evaluation date draws closer, the price for this inheritance will naturally keep on getting higher. Thus, I have been increasing the price every other day, isn’t this something natural?”

“Hehe, if the price is lowered, how could it be worthy of your final hope? How could it be worthy of such an important position as Shang Clan’s young master? After all, only Shang Clan young masters can compete for young clan leader’s position.”

Shang Ya Zi’s eyes shook with anger.

This was blatant blackmailing, this guy was raising the price as he pleased!

How could he be so shameless?

Shang Ya Zi wished he could chop Fang Yuan into pieces. But he thought of the position of young master and was able to barely restrain himself: “You are really scheming. If I spend eight hundred thousand, it will be a complete loss and will instead lower my evaluation. Those elders in charge of evaluation are not stupid! Thus, I simply can’t buy it at this price.”

Fang Yuan had already expected this answer; the corner of his lips slightly curled up into a smile: “Therefore, I have a good solution. I will be openly selling it to you in six hundred and fifty thousand, but you will actually be giving me eight hundred thousand. You will maintain your young master’s position and I will be getting a reasonable price, it is a complete win-win situation.”

Shang Ya Zi’s expression immediately changed and stared at Fang Yuan with wide eyes:”You want me to make a false account? This is impossible! If I am found out, no matter when, my young master’s status will be revoked and moreover, I will receive a severe punishment.”

Fang Yuan gave a frivolous look: “You can’t say that. Who said anything about false account? I am only selling the secret recipe to you, and you feeling that I am an upright man, kindly gave me some primeval stones as a gift. There is simply no relation between the two!”

At that instance, Shang Ya Zi could only look at Fang Yuan, stupefied and speechless.

He had previously thought Fang Yuan was shameless, but now saw that he had greatly underestimated this guy’s shamelessness!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 268: Sudden wealth 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Shang Ya Zi left worriedly.

Before he left, he told Fang Yuan, that this matter was important and he needed more time to consider it.

But, the fact that he was considering it meant that success was near.

Fang Yuan had seen through this person, knowing that the matter is as good as decided. In fact, he could even raise the prices again when the time comes.

Right now, he was hesitant, so Fang Yuan could not use prices to agitate him.

Once he is determined, hehe, then the prices will soar again, that is simply too easy.

Two days later, Shang Ya Zi carried a haggard expression as he visited Fang Yuan again.

“I agree, let’s deal according to what you have requested!” He gritted his teeth, after showing a hesitant expression for a long time, he finally relented.

“Trust me, you will definitely remember this decision! Come, drink.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly, pouring a glass of wine for Shang Ya Zi.

Shang Ya Zi raised his cup, drinking the wine in one mouthful.

“What sort of shitty wine is this!” After drinking it, he frowned and scolded.

“This is the cheapest rice wine. Lord young master, I have no money to purchase good wine.” Fang Yuan laughed lightly.

“You will have it soon enough. Puff …” Shang Ya Zi breathed out heavily.

He had first thought about it, and as he concentrated on making a decision, it was a painful process. But now that he has decided, he felt relaxed.

“Alright, I have prepared the agreement, take a look.” Fang Yuan brought over a proposal.

Shang Ya Zi glanced at it, and stared in anger, his eyes wide with rage as he slammed the table and screamed: “Nine hundred and fifty thousand? You raised the prices again! Last time, you said eight hundred thousand, but it has only been a few days and you raised it by a hundred and fifty thousand?! Do you think I’m made of gold? Scoundrel! You think my primeval stones fall from the sky?!”

Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he said calmly: “It has already been three days, of course the prices increased, you know it yourself.”

Shang Ya Zi’s forehead was popping with veins, as he jumped from his seat: “Do you think I am easy to bully? I do not have so much money! This tiny little inheritance, you want nine hundred and fifty? You are like a lion opening its huge mouth 1 !”

“Calm down, anger will harm your health, lord young master, this is not a tiny inheritance, it concerns your young master position. Think about it, every year, one young master will be eliminated. How many people are craving for this spot?” Fang Yuan said casually.

Once he heard the young master position, the furious Shang Ya Zi lost his rage.

Fang Yuan looked at his expression, knowing that nine hundred and fifty was over his limit, and relented: “Alright, alright, then how about nine hundred thousand primeval stones. I concede to you.”

Shang Ya Zi slowly sat down.

He had only gotten into the young master position for a year, and had to deal with the evaluations, the actual amount of primeval stones he managed to pocket was only around four hundred thousand.

No doubt, after this transaction, his one year of savings will be depleted. The assets that he had managed to save would be gone.

But concerning the young master position, he had to relent.

He was solemn for a moment, before nodding: “Then nine hundred thousand it is, but I do not trust a paper agreement, we need to swear, let’s use the poison vow Gu!”

Fang Yuan showed hesitation.

“Why, are you afraid? How would I know if you would not run away if we do not use the poison vow Gu? We have to do this, there is no way I’m giving in on this!” Shang Ya Zi’s attitude was firm.

Fang Yuan had expected this to happen anyway.

“In that case, let me do it first.” Fang Yuan stretched out his left hand.

Only then did Shang Ya Zi let out a smile, calling out the poison vow Gu.

Poison vow Gu is a purple red worm, only finger size and has a dangerous looking mouth; it was a rank three consumable Gu.

It flew to Fang Yuan’s left index finger, and bit on it.

At once, a heart burning pain assaulted Fang Yuan’s nerves.

Fang Yuan endured the pain as he started to read the details on the proposal. After he finished, the poison vow Gu nearly doubled in size, as it absorbed Fang Yuan’s heart blood.

Soon after, the poison vow Gu flew to Shang Ya Zi’s finger and started to suck blood.

Shang Ya Zi gripped the paper, and used a trembling voice to read the details, and the poison vow Gu doubled in size again.

His face turned pale from pain, as he clenched his teeth and drew in a deep breath: “This goddamn agreement, why is it so lengthy! Can’t you write less words? Is there anything to add?”

Fang Yuan shook his head.

Shang Ya Zi’s lips curled, revealing a smile. But his face was twisted, and his smile was a little hideous.

Bam.

The poison vow Gu stuffed with blood, suddenly exploded.

But no blood splattered but instead turned into numerous red light spots.

The light spots flew towards Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi, like rain falling into a pond, and fused into their bodies.

This shows that the poison vow Gu has taken effect.

If both sides read the details and it did not fulfill their true inner intentions, after the poison vow Gu explodes, it would turn into a puddle of stale blood. This situation, means that one side or both had violated the vow, causing it to fail.

Seeing this, Shang Ya Zi’s smile became even deeper.

He looked at Fang Yuan: “Hehe, we have vowed already, if you change your mind in the future, or violate the agreement, you will turn into a puddle of blood and die.”

Fang Yuan’s expression remained the same, only saying: “Where are my primeval stones?”

Shang Ya Zi shrugged: “Don’t worry, why would I violate the agreement, here!”

He tossed out a Gu.

This Gu was like a ball, as exquisite as a crystal, half transparent and palm-sized. There was a cloudy figure in the ball, as if it has sealed numerous clouds.

This white cloud figure looked like a hunchback old man carrying a walking stick.

The old man had long white hair, having an immortal feeling as the wrinkles on his face looked extremely realistic, and he was smiling sincerely.

This is the primeval elder Gu.

A Gu specifically used to store primeval stones.

As the saying goes, professionals have their domain of expertise , the primeval elder Gu is only a rank three, but it can seal up to a million primeval stones.

“There is eight hundred and seventy thousand primeval stones here, the remaining thirty thousand, I will pass them to you when I finish gathering them.” Shang Ya Zi passed the primeval elder Gu to Fang Yuan with much reluctance.

Inside, six hundred thousand was the trade credit of Shang clan, the remaining two hundred and seventy was Shang Ya Zi’s personal savings.

After Fang Yuan received it, he cooperated with Fang Yuan in refining it.

Primeval elder Gu changed owners, and change occurred within the clouds, the old man was originally looking at Shang Ya Zi, but now he started to smile towards Fang Yuan instead.

Fang Yuan moved the primeval elder Gu around, but no matter which direction he moved, the clouds would transform and the old man would smile towards Fang Yuan regardless.

Actually, this Gu is quite interesting.

If the primeval stones inside are little, the old man would frown and show a bitter expression. If the amount was just nice, the old man would be expressionless. And finally, the more the number of primeval stones towards the limit, the more the old man would smile.

Shang Ya Zi saw Fang Yuan manipulate the primeval elder Gu and knew he was clear on how the Gu worked.

He snorted: “This primeval elder Gu is quite valuable, I cannot give it to you for free. I bought this on the auction and it cost me six thousand six hundred primeval stones.”

Fang Yuan nodded, rank three Gu were sold by thousands of primeval stones, and the primeval elder Gu was a rare one, it was definitely worth that amount.

He immediately took out primeval stones to give Shang Ya Zi.

Shang Ya Zi used an ordinary storage Gu and kept these primeval stones, feeling horrible on the inside.

These were originally his primeval stones!

“Nevermind, as long as I can keep my young master position, all is possible, i can earn my primeval stones back, and for this guy who extorted me, he will die a horrible death!”

Shang Ya Zi was not a big hearted person, Fang Yuan robbed him of all his fortune, and he even had to borrow around for the final thirty thousand.

White bone recipe was normally six hundred thousand, but Fang Yuan sold it for nine hundred.

Shang Ya Zi rubbed his nose, after suffering such a loss, he felt extreme hatred towards Fang Yuan.

“The final thirty thousand, I will pass it to you in three days. This matter is known by the two of us only, no third party is allowed to know. Not even your companion. Don’t think of finding a loophole, it is useless.” Shang Ya Zi got up and left, he could no longer stand being there.

Every extra second he looked at Fang Yuan’s hideous face, the anger in his heart would accumulate a bit more.

“There are no loopholes in the agreement, you looked through didn’t you?” Fang Yuan showed a plain expression.

Shang Ya Zi snorted, he was born of Shang clan, being influenced from young, and also having managed this shop for a year, there were no loopholes that could avoid his notice.

“I bet you wouldn’t dare to break the agreement.” He laughed in disdain, quickly leaving.

Fang Yuan did not take it to heart, he knew that Shang Ya Zi’s current mood was very understandable.

As for the poison vow, he was not going to obey it.

Poison vow Gu’s restriction is very strong, otherwise, no Gu Masters would use it.

No way of exposing it to a third party, that is absolute. Any curveballs were risking one’s own life.

Like earlier, Fang Yuan passed six thousand six hundred primeval stones to Shang Ya Zi.

This was an extra action; he could have just deducted it from the thirty thousand primeval stones.

But no.

In the poison vow, they stated nine hundred thousand, thus Shang Ya Zi had to fork out nine hundred thousand primeval stones to Fang Yuan.

This was the cold hard rules.

Three days later, Shang Ya Zi gathered thirty thousand primeval stones, and handed it to Fang Yuan.

At the same time, Fang Yuan passed the recipe to him, of course, the most valuable bone flesh unity Gu was not sold.

Shang Ya Zi only knew of the bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu etc, after looking at the recipe, he found many other recipes that uses the bone spear Gu as the base, and felt pleased by it, his mood turning better.

Fang Yuan then sold the bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu as well as the bone spike Gu to him.

As with their original agreement, it was forty thousand six hundred and twenty primeval stones.

As a result, after this transaction, Fang Yuan’s assets rose to nine hundred thirty four thousand and twenty primeval stones 2 . With his savings, the total is about nine hundred and forty five thousand 3 .

Fang Yuan placed most of his primeval stones into the primeval elder Gu. To prevent accidents, he also placed some on his body, and some into the tusita flower.

“In my previous life at this time, I was still slogging in the caravan, with only fifty to sixty primeval stones on me. But right now I am nearly a millionaire.”

Fang Yuan compared this with his memories, and the advantages of his rebirth can be easily seen.

Of course, he took huge risks as well.

The larger the risk, the greater the benefits. There is no free lunch in this world. Effort might not reap reward, but to gain reward, one has to invest first.

In a flash, three days passed.

Shang clan’s investigations ended, and Wei Yang brought Shang Yan Fei’s invitation over: “Two esteemed guests, my lord clan leader has set up a clan banquet, specifically ordering me to invite both of you over.”

“Clan banquet? The moment is finally here.” Fang Yuan thought.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 269: Clan Banquet 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A roomy courtyard was where Shang Yan Fei set up the clan banquet.

It was an outdoor feast, because within the mountain, there was no need to worry about storm or rain.

The courtyard was neither luxurious nor elegant, it was even rather old.

There were a dozen or so tables arranged in a circle in the courtyard, which was already looking crowded from that.

There were some fruits and snacks arranged on the tables and also labels indicating which seat belonged to who.

Three seats were already occupied.

“Big brother, do you know why lord father called us this time?” Shang Chao Feng asked vaguely while popping a red fruit into his mouth.

The eldest Shang Qiu Niu was sitting upright, his eyes closed as he rested. Hearing the question, he opened his eyes by a sliver and spoke in a deep voice: “Lord father has recently come out of closed cultivation, he is holding this clan banquet because he misses us, what’s so strange about it?”

“Big brother might be right, but when has lord father ever held a casual banquet? Look, don’t you think there are a few more seats today?” From the side, Shang Pu Lao interjected.

Shang Chao Feng snickered, and Shang Qiu Niu closed his eyes again.

Shang Pu Lao’s gaze flickered, he was in charge of the red light zone and managed brothels of all sizes; he would be the fastest person to get any news. In truth, he had already heard some talks, he was just about to continue when suddenly his ears twitched: “Someone has arrived.”

All three’s gazes turned towards the gate.

Creak, the gate was pushed open and three people walked in.

Wei Yang was at the front followed by Fang and Bai.

Fang and Bai had already been here before; it was that private residence they had been called to before.

“This private residence is the place where lord clan leader, when he was a young master, was suppressed by the alliance of other young masters. Lord clan leader took a step back and abandoned the position of young master of his own accord, becoming an ordinary clansman. During that fallen period, he stayed here. Later when he became the clan leader, he maintained this place as a reminder to himself and later generations. The clan banquets are always held here.”

Wei Yang opened the gate and introduced.

Immediately after, he saw the three people in the courtyard: “Oh, three young masters are already here.”

Shang Qiu Niu, Shang Chao Feng and Shang Pu Lao stood up one after another and cupped their hands to Wei Yang: “Our greetings, Elder Wei Yang.”

Wei Yang was one of the five great generals under Shang Yan Fei and a major figure in Shang clan. Every single young master competing for the position of young clan leader has to go through his evaluation.

“My greetings to all three young masters, these two are esteemed guests invited by lord clan leader.” Wei Yang also cupped his hands in greeting, his expression calm. He was an elder, his status was higher than the young master positions and as an important figure in the clan, he would not fawn on these young masters.

“Sirs, please take a seat.” Wei Yang led Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing to their seats.

The three young masters looked at each other, they could see bewilderment, surprise and curiosity in each other’s eyes.

This was a clan banquet, why would any strangers be invited?

Who are these two? Their seats are actually closer to lord father’s than ours!

Wei Yang also sat down and continued on with a smile: “Let me make the introductions. This is Shang Qiu Niu, lord clan leader’s eldest son, he manages the caretaking zone. This is clan leader’s fourth son Shang Chao Feng, he manages all the Gu fighting arenas in the city. This is Shang Pu Lao, he manages all the brothels in red light zone.”

Shang Qiu Niu was robust and his voice was deep, one could tell he was a calm person from one look. He was the oldest, already nearing thirty.

Shang Chao Feng had a messy hair and high nose bridge. He was giving off a wild aura.

Shang Pu Lao looked the most delicate; a thin physique, white face, beautiful eyes and a loose bearing showing that he loitered around with women all year round.

“Qiu Niu greets both esteemed guests.” Shang Qiu Niu took the lead to cup his hands as a greeting.

Wei Yang didn’t introduce Fang and Bai, the three were smart and naturally wouldn’t stupidly pursue it.

“The three young masters are too polite. I am Hei Tu and this is my companion Bai Yun.” Fang Yuan introduced.

The names were clearly fake.

This made the three young masters more confused about Fang and Bai’s origins. They could only laugh and go through the motion.

As the time for evening banquet came closer, more young masters appeared.

Shang Pi Xiu who managed rock gambling dens; Shang Suan Ni who managed restaurants and silk stores; Shang Fu Xi who managed auctions; Shang Bi Xi who managed substitute refinement zone; and Shang Ya Zi who Fang Yuan was already familiar with.

Wei Yang introduced them to Fang and Bai; all these young masters more or less revealed strange looks as they saw Fang and Bai.

They sat down as talks commenced with the increased number of people, the small courtyard gradually became lively.

Just before the banquet started, the gate suddenly opened and a young master hurriedly rushed in.

He was tall and thin, thick eyebrows and fierce gaze; he was young master Shang Bi An who was in charge of Shang clan city’s city guards.

The city guards handled all sorts of disputes and contradictions, maintaining the law and order in the city, so it was the busiest.

After greeting Fang and Bai, Shang Bi An was just sitting down, when a blood colored flame flickered on the main seat as Shang Yan Fei appeared.

Shang Yan Fei was wearing a white robe with gold inlaid cuffs. Scarlet hair flew around wildly before resting on his waist; combined with his extremely handsome face, it formed into an aura and charisma that was unique to him.

“Your children greet lord father.” The many young masters stood up one after another before half kneeling down on the ground and greeting Shang Yan Fei unitedly.

“Lord clan leader.” Wei Yang stood up.

At the same time, Fang and Bai also stood up to greet him.

“Take your seats.” Shang Yan Fei laid back against the wide backed chair and casually waved his hand.

Immediately, seven colored beautiful lights sprinkled down like rain.

The beautiful lights landed on the tables and turned into all kinds of fine dishes, their fragrance immediately spreading in the small courtyard.

Fang Yuan instantly recognized the Gu as gourmet food box Gu.

It was a rank five Gu, especially used to store delicacies and maintain their state.

In his previous life, Fang Yuan tried hard to make a living in the caravan, he had no one to rely on after the destruction of Gu Yue clan.

The sudden emergence of an alliance of demonic Gu Masters on Yi Tian mountain overstepped the bottomline of the righteous paths.

All great clans formed an alliance and besieged Yi Tian mountain.

One of the heads of the allied forces, Shang Yan Fei used this gourmet food box Gu to provide for the armies.

With just a wave of his sleeve, tens of thousands of soldiers were provided with gourmet food, becoming an enormous help in raising their morale.

Since then, gourmet food box Gu became a symbol of Shang Yan Fei and was a conversation topic for many people.

At that time, Fang Yuan was able to become a small boss of the lowest level with his advantages as a transmigrator; he joined a sub-branch of a caravan which was in charge of transporting supplies to the righteous path allied forces.

He had personally be able to see the grandeur of Shang Yan Fei using gourmet food box Gu. Dazzling seven colored lights filled the sky and shone down upon the world; it was a magnificent and grand atmosphere.

“Never expected that I would see this gourmet food box Gu years in advance and also become an esteemed guest of Shang clan!” Fang Yuan heaved a sigh inwardly.

There was clear difference between his previous life and this life, this was the enormous advantage of rebirth.

And this advantage was from Spring Autumn Cicada which was the accumulation and accomplishment of his previous life’s struggles.

Shang Yan Fei spread the dishes and immediately addressed his sons: “We have two esteemed guests with us today, you all need to toast them. Qiu Niu, you are the eldest, set an example.”

With Shang Yan Fei personally telling them, Shang clan young masters did not dare to act slowly even though they were bewildered.

Shang Qiu Niu immediately stood up and raised a wine glass, saying with his deep voice: “Qiu Niu toasts the two esteemed guests.”

With that, he swigged down the glass of wine.

Fang Yuan also drank down a glass of wine while Bai Ning Bing still drank water.

Qiu Niu was the oldest among these young masters; he was almost thirty but his appearance looked quite mature as if he was forty.

By contrast, his father Shang Yan Fei looked like he was a youth in his twenties. The contrast between father and son was quite an interesting sight.

“I had a good talk with the two esteemed guests before. Esteemed guests, if you have time later, you could come to my zone to have fun, Gu battles are truly interesting.” Shang Chao Feng also stood up.

Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile, he knew quite a bit about Shang Chao Feng though this was the first time they met.

This man was very aggressive about winning and was ruthless and cunning. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, at one time, he had been the biggest hindrance to Shang Xin Ci’s position as Shang clan young master.

“Fourth brother’s Gu battles are too bloody, the best is still the delight of beauties singing and dancing for you.” Shang Pu Lao retorted Shang Chao Feng before proposing a toast to Fang and Bai, his beautiful eyes flashing with light, “I wish to talk about romance and love with the two esteemed guests.”

“If we have time, definitely.” Fang Yuan said with a smile and chugged down the wine.

This banquet looked like those for celebrities in his eyes.

Most of these Shang clan young masters would have their own story that would spread throughout the southern border in future.

Shang Yan Fei had many children but these people here were able to distinguish themselves in such an intense competition, clearly showing their abilities that surpassed others. One could call them a giant among men or unpolished jade stones.

Moreover, they each had their own ways and styles of doing things; right now as they converged together in the same place, it was like a pearl shining off with light and darkness.

For the time being, there was not much to say about eldest son Shang Qiu Niu, second son Shang Ya Zi, fourth son Shang Chao Feng and eight son Shang Pu Lao.

Ninth son Shang Suan Ni had a lion-like mouth and broad nose. He seemed to be using some type of Gu, as every time he breathed, light yellow smoke came out from his nose and curled around him.

Tenth son Shang Bi Xi was short and stout, looked honest and did not seem to have anything remarkable about him. But Fang Yuan knew Shang Bi Xi was hiding enormous strength that was higher than his by several times.

Twelfth son Shang Bi An would have a marriage alliance with Tie Clan, and come to become southern border’s second divine detective after Tie Xue Leng.

Thirteenth son Shang Fu Xi was very intelligent, his advice when the righteous path allied forces attacked Yi Tian mountain caused huge damage to demonic Gu Masters time and again.

And the twenty-first son Shang Pi Xiu, he was the youngest and was a late bloomer. Many years later, when Shang clan fell into ruins, he threw himself into the demonic path and became a devil whose evil reputation spread far and wide over the southern border.

“Father, I am sorry I am late.” As the toasts continued, the courtyard gate was opened and a girl walked in.

She was Shang Chi Wen, sixteenth daughter of Shang Yan Fei and held control over battle arenas. She had a fair face and her two eyes shone with a smart gaze. She was a lively and charming person.

After everyone finished toasting the wine, Shang Yan Fei raised his wine cup and faced Fang and Bai: “Thank you for protecting Xin Ci all the way, that was the only reason I could gain a new daughter.”

Once he said so, everyone present was stunned.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Daughter?”

The gang of young masters showed an astonished expression, looking towards one another.

Shang Ya Zi realized at once, patting his own forehead.

So this was it! This was why father met the two with courtesy!

The mysterious veil was lifted, and Shang Ya Zi looked towards Fang Yuan, great hatred hidden in his gaze.

He was no longer afraid.

Now that he knew the reason, after the evaluation when he regains his footing, he would slowly deal with those two scoundrels!

At once, the place fell into silence.

Shang Yan Fei smiled as he observed the people, giving them time to absorb the new information.

Fang Yuan “cooperatively” expressed shock, as he was a little stunned, and muttered with a suspicious gaze: “Don’t tell me?”

“That’s right.” Shang Yan Fei looked towards him, nodding: “It is that Lady Zhang both of you escorted and protected in the caravan. She is my daughter, once she stepped into Shang clan city, I detected her bloodline and have already reunited with her.”

“Zhang Xin Ci!” Bai Ning Bing immediately followed.

Shang Yan Fei laughed heartily: “Hehehe, she is no longer Zhang now, but Shang. Both of you saved the life of my precious daughter, you are the benefactor of my Shang clan, thus you deserve a toast from us.”

Saying so, the door was opened by someone lightly.

The young female Gu Master Tian Lan wore a servant attire as she pushed the door open, returning to Shang Xin Ci’s side.

“Missy…” Xiao Die looked at the courtyard full of people, and felt nervous.

“Let’s go in.” Shang Xin Ci breathed out calmly, under everyone’s watchful gaze, walked into the courtyard.

Suddenly, her steps halted, showing surprise and joy on her face.

She saw Fang and Bai.

“It really is her!” Seeing Shang Xin Ci, Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk to pin-size as she was completely and utterly stunned!

In the entire courtyard, no one could understand the shock in her heart.

Bai Ning Bing’s shock was not from Shang Xin Ci, but Fang Yuan instead.

She was an intelligent person, the moment she saw Shang Xin Ci, she understood at once, what Fang Yuan’s true motive was!

Zhang Xin Ci is Shang Xin Ci, thus he protected her.

How did he know her identity? Was this all part of his scheme?!

At that moment, Bai Ning Bing’s thoughts whirled as a storm brew in her heart.

“Brother Hei Tu, sister Bai Yun, why are you here?” Shang Xin Ci stared at Fang Yuan without blinking, her eyes shining brightly.

“Ci Er, father said I would give you a surprise, didn’t I?” Shang Yan Fei laughed gently.

Shang Xin Ci bowed and paid respects: “Thank you father, this is the happiest day I’ve had since coming to Shang clan city.”

After the initial chaos, she had already accepted Shang Yan Fei as her birth father.

No matter how much her father had let down her mother, he was still her family!

Even if Shang Xin Ci had grudge and hatred towards Shang Yan Fei, the kinship that tied them together could not be severed, especially for a kind lady like her.

Shang Yan Fei heard her call him father for the first time, and his lips curled up, showing a radiant smile.

Shang Xin Ci turned around again, showing anxiety, as she explained to Fang Yuan: “Brother Hei Tu, I was not intentionally lying to you. After mother passed away, she instructed me to come to Shang clan city. I only understood her efforts and the truth after meeting father.”

The words were like lightning bolts striking Bai Ning Bing’s heart.

Her blue eyes squinted into a line, as her heart was filled with surprise and confusion: Even Shang Xin Ci did not know her identity? Why? Why does Fang Yuan know everything?

Originally, Fang Yuan was shrouded in a mist in her heart, unable to observe him clearly.

But now, the mist thickened, and Fang Yuan became even more mysterious and unpredictable!

“So that’s it, I was wondering why Shang clan was treating me so well. So this is the reason…” Fang Yuan sighed as he raised his head, then slowly shook his head, exclaiming: “To think, to think that you are Shang clan leader’s daughter!”

“Brother Hei Tu, can you forgive me?” Shang Xin Ci gripped her hand, asking nervously.

Shang Yan Fei frowned lightly, seeing his daughter’s attitude, he knew that she held him in high regard.

Fang Yuan laughed: “No matter, why would I blame you. The unknowing party is innocent, in fact, I have lied to you too.”

“What?” Shang Xin Ci froze.

Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “Hei Tu, Bai Yun are just fake names.”

Shang Xin Ci smiled gently, lightly saying: “I guessed that long ago.”

Fang Yuan hesitated deliberately, then gritted his teeth and cupped his fist: “I am ashamed, my real name is Gu Yue Fang Zheng, this is my companion Bai Ning Bing.”

“Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Fang Zheng…” Shang Xin Ci repeated this name several times, memorising it to heart.

Shang Yan Fei’s smiled also widened, he appreciated Fang Yuan’s honesty.

The truth is, he had investigated long ago.

Although Gu Yue clan was wiped out, Shang clan had its ways to find out information from Jia clan.

Gu Yue village had this person called Gu Yue Fang Zheng, and this person had A grade aptitude, and was the young clan leader candidate.

At the same time, Bai Ning Bing was the Bai clan’s young clan leader candidate.

The two were hailed as geniuses.

As for why they had to hide themselves and sneak into the caravan, this was easier to investigate.

Because of Bai Gu mountain’s inheritance, Bai clan’s two young masters died in their hands. At the same time, they took over half of the inheritance away.

Bai clan issued an arrest warrant which was the best proof.

“So that’s why my heart was palpitating earlier.” Shang Pu Lao laughed.

“This child congratulates lord father.” Shang Bi Xi said.

 “If you face any problems, tell big brother.” Shang Qiu Niu looked at Shang Xin Ci and said.

“This is awesome, I have a new sister. This banquet was worth coming.” Shang Chi Wen laughed.

…

The young masters recovered from their shock, and quickly showed their affection.

“This is a joyful occasion for us all, because you have all gotten a new blood related sister.” Shang Yan Fei looked at his children, extremely clear of their mental state.

“Shang Xin Ci’s appearance is no doubt a threat.”

“From now on, there would be one more person vying for the young master position.”

“Back then, wasn’t Shang Tuo Hai father’s illegitimate child? Right now he is the Shang clan young clan leader!”

“Actually there is no need to worry, Zhang clan is a subsidiary of Wu clan, and have enmity with Shang clan. Shang Xin Ci has no foundation here, she is easy to deal with.”

The young masters showed a smiling face, but their hearts were weighing the situation.

The imperial family has no place for kinship.

The emperor’s throne is crucial for the greatest benefits, not even kinship can complete.

Shang clan is the southern border overlord, whoever rises to the position of clan leader in the future would be one of the parties that had a say in the entire southern border. High and mighty, ascending to the peak of the mortal realm, the benefits were unbelievable.

Which generation of Shang clan leader did not undergo a ferocious battle, before they ascended to the position painstakingly?

Shang Yan Fei had gone through this before, so he was clear of the situation right now.

Thus, his heart went out to Shang Xin Ci even more.

Right now, by announcing her identity, although it was to protect her, it also threw her into this spiral of competition.

“Come, Ci Er, sit here.” Shang Yan Fei patted the seat below him, saying.

“Yes.” Shang Xin Ci replied, looking deeply at Fang Yuan as Fang Yuan nodded at her with a smile.

Shang Xin Ci walked over, sitting beside Shang Yan Fei.

Xiao Lan, Xiao Die, these two servants were close behind her.

Seeing this, everyone’s expression was strange.

Since they were born, they had never seen father love one of his children to this extent.

Even his illegitimate son Shang Tuo Hai did not receive such treatment!

“Alright, all of you, take a seat.” Shang Yan Fei waved his hand, looking towards Fang and Bai again.

He spoke: “Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Bai Ning Bing, the two of you saved my precious daughter, and escorted her here. Our family is deeply indebted to you, if you have any requests, you may say it now. As the Shang clan leader, I will do my best to satisfy your needs.”

The young masters turned to look at Fang and Bai, with a look of envy.

This was the gratitude of Shang clan leader, a promise by the southern border overlord, his words were as heavy as a mountain!

But Fang Yuan shook his head: “Lord clan leader, the reason we protected Lady Shang Xin Ci is due to her previous kindness. Our debt has already been repaid, we do not owe each other anything.”

As he said so, everyone showed a shocked expression.

Shang Fu Xi quickly reacted, squinting, praising the ingenuity of the answer.

Fang and Bai saved the Shang Yan Fei’s daughter, he had to reward them handsomely. If he does not, how would outsiders look at Shang clan? If any Shang clan young master encountered danger in the future, who would help them?

Shang Xin Ci saw Fang Yuan rejecting the reward, and quickly got anxious, saying to Shang Yan Fei: “Father, during the caravan trip, brother Hei Tu lost much of his assets too.”

Shang Yan Fei was a brilliant man, before Shang Xin Ci finished her words, he understood her intentions. This was to sought money for Fang and Bai.

He nodded: “Since both of you are Gu Masters, I shall gift a million primeval stones to express my thanks.”

Hearing this, many young masters almost drooled.

Although they controlled much of Shang clan’s assets, but it was under everyone’s supervision and there was a yearly evaluation, they could hardly line their own pockets.

Shang Ya Zi had talent, but was too greedy, causing his business results to be in jeopardy.

Fang Yuan shook his head again: “To speak the truth, I had gone through a peril situation to snatch an inheritance. After selling the recipe, I no longer lack primeval stones.”

“Oh, is that so.” Shang Yan Fei looked at Shang Ya Zi with deep meaning.

Shang Ya Zi was so scared his heart nearly jumped out, his mouth went dry and cold sweat gathered on his forehead.

Regarding Shang Ya Zi’s matter, how could Shang Yan Fei not know? Even if he faked the accounting, what happened could be easily guessed.

But Shang Ya Zi was still his own son, even if he violated the Shang clan rules, as long as it was not exposed, that counts as his skill too.

Being at this position, he had learnt long ago: Obeying the rules was not an ability, true ability lies in breaking the rules to gain benefits, yet not receiving punishment. Those with true capabilities demolish the old order, while establishing new rules and enjoying the benefits along the way.

Shang Yan Fei used this chance to remind Shang Ya Zi, before he gave another reward for them to consider.

Shang Xin Ci only heard half of it, before her eyes glowed intensely.

This was exactly what Fang and Bai needed the most!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 271: Purple Thorn Token (Two-in-one chapter) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Shang Yan Fei saw Fang Yuan reject the primeval stones, and gave another solution: “You are now under Bai clan’s arrest warrant, this is evidently a misunderstanding. I shall explain for you and remove this arrest warrant, what do you think?”

Fang and Bai were wanted, Shang Xin Ci knew this.

“Why didn’t I think of it, to get rid of the arrest warrant for brother Hei Tu, this is undoubtedly what he needs the most.” Shang Xin Ci supported this wholeheartedly.

Shang clan was the southern border overlord, while Bai clan was an ordinary clan village. Moreover, their spirit spring was running dry, the clan was gradually getting weaker. Shang Yan Fei’s ‘explanation’ will definitely be accepted by Bai clan.

But Fang Yuan shook his head.

Although this was enticing, he had other plans in his heart.

If Shang clan cleared up the matter, it would cause him to be branded as one of them. This would be a great obstacle in his future plans of getting close to the demonic Gu Masters and joining Yi Tian mountain. Short terms benefits in exchange for long term harm.

This arrest warrant may seem troublesome, but it was no harm to Fang Yuan.

Which demonic lord did not have tens of arrest warrants on them? Fang Yuan had over a hundred in his previous life!

So what if the arrest warrants pile up?

The most ironic thing was, after he established the blood wing demonic sect in his previous life, and dominated a region, many clans took the initiative to remove the arrest warrant for him.

This was the truth of the world, eventually, only strength matters!

According to Fang Yuan’s plans, he wanted to stay in Shang clan city for two to three years, during this period Bai clan had no way to arrest him.

After that, he would gather a set of Gu worms and gain a boost in strength, then he would have no fear towards Bai clan’s arrest warrant.

In fact, Bai clan itself was in a dangerous situation, unable to fend for themselves, how could they bother about Fang and Bai!

Thus, Shang Yan Fei’s reward, although it was important in Shang Xin Ci’s eyes, it held zero value to Fang Yuan.

Thus, he shook his head: “Our conflict with Bai clan originated from an inheritance. Truthfully, we snatched their inheritance and killed the Bai clan young masters, but we have never regretted it. My injury is due to Bai clan, one day, I will find them for revenge. I am such a person, repay kindness with gratitude, and return grudges with revenge. A droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring, a spark of hatred will result in the burning of an entire forest!”

As he said so, Fang Yuan did not hide his overwhelming killing intent.

Immediately, many of the young masters had differing feelings.

“He has an extremely demonic nature…” Some were disgusted.

“A person exacting revenge on a clan, this person is truly naive.” Some looked with disdain.

“Hehehe, being so honest in front of father, is this person a fool, or something with great courage?” Some were amused.

Shang clan was a righteous path overlord, but Fang Yuan declared his intentions for revenge in front of Shang Yan Fei.

His arrogance and confidence caused Shang Xin Ci to feel inwardly shocked, but not surprised. This was brother Hei Tu true nature, wasn’t it?

Shang Yan Fei was also unfazed, in his opinion, Fang Yuan was very honest and straightforward. Wei Yang’s evaluation was spot on. Such a person can be easily read, compared to the quiet Bai Ning Bing, he prefered Fang Yuan much more.

“There is no need for lord clan leader to intervene and remove the arrest warrant for us. I need this to encourage myself, to whip myself and continuously get stronger. Thank you Lord Shang Yan Fei for your kind intentions.” Fang Yuan cupped his fists.

“In that case, tell me what reward you want. Don’t talk about your debt being repaid, if my Shang clan wants to reward someone, they will be rewarded. This is our rules. Even if you throw the reward away, that is none of my business.” Shang Yan Fei frowned, acting unhappy.

Immediately, the relaxed atmosphere in the courtyard became slightly more solemn.

The young masters became much more careful when they raised their glasses to drink.

This was the dominating aura of Shang clan leader, Shang Yan Fei, a rank five Gu Master.

I want to reward you, even if you do not want it, you have to take it! It is not a choice!

Fang Yuan looked around, and laughed: “But what if I really do not want it?”

Shang Yan Fei spoke calmly, but his gaze was determined: “That is not an option.”

Many of the young masters saw this conflict and scolded Fang Yuan as an idiot secretly. He must be stupid, pushing away Shang clan leader’s reward, many people would die for this opportunity. Some praised his overwhelming bravery.

Shang Xin Ci’s hands were sweating, worrying for Fang Yuan.

Wei Yang laughed, soothing the atmosphere: “I thought about it, brother Fang Zheng was injured and disfigured. Why don’t lord clan leader ask the doctor to restore his appearance?”

“Hmm, this is a good idea. Wei Yang, call Doctor Su Shou to come here.” Shang Yan Fei nodded and said.

Fang Yuan was silent, as Wei Yang went away.

Soon, Wei Yang reported: “Doctor Su Shou has been invited here, please come with me brother Fang Zheng.”

Fang Yuan paid no attention to his own appearance, but at this time he could no longer be pushy.

He looked at Bai Ning Bing: “Come along too, get a full body check up as well.”

Bai Ning Bing snorted, she knew exactly what injuries she has. But then again, she knew Fang Yuan had other plans, thus she agreed.

The two left the courtyard and entered the house.

They were familiar with this house, because they had once waited here for Shang Yan Fei for six hours, and did not even get to meet him.

Doctor Su Shou was a slim woman, wearing a veil on her face and a white shirt and skirt. She was drinking tea at her seat.

She had a complex relationship with Shang Yan Fei; favor, grudge, love, hatred, all of them. She held a unique position in Shang clan city, she was a rank five healing Gu Master.

“A rare day where my mood is great today.” She placed her cup down, looking at Fang Yuan: “You seek treatment? Go bathe first.”

She then stretched out her finger, pointing at Bai Ning Bing: “Especially you young lady, what did you apply on your face, ugly and dirty, clean it before you come back.”

Bai Ning Bing had concealed her looks on the entire journey, she continued to do so even in Shang clan city. Her face was smothered with cinnabar, pretending it was her birthmark. She even applied special black oil, and her hair covered her forehead, causing her to look unkempt.

Hearing this, Bai Ning Bing was surprised.

Fang Yuan had the same expression.

Wei Yang quickly explained: “This is Lord Doctor Su Shou’s rule. Every patient has to shower and clean their bodies, use fragrance oil and change into a white robe. Otherwise, she will not treat them. But no worry, I have already prepared it in advance, the hot water is ready, please follow me.”

The two entered the inner house, and there were indeed two wooden buckets inside.

Beside each bucket, there were two mortal servants standing, helping the guests to wash themselves.

Bai Ning Bing immediately frowned, saying unhappily: “Get out, I will wash myself.”

“This…” Wei Yang was hesitant, these four were Doctor Su Shou’s attendants. Doctor Su Shou was a clean freak, if the servants were chased away, she might not clean herself properly, resulting in her unable to get treatment.

“I’ll keep mine, brother Wei, please go out first. Her loss if she cannot enjoy it.” Fang Yuan laughed.

Wei Yang told them his worry, but Bai Ning Bing insisted. Wei Yang did not pursue it further, leaving the room and closing the door, after all, the healing target was Fang Yuan anyway.

Fang Yuan took off his clothing, throwing away his shirt and entering the wooden bucket.

The temperature of the water was just nice, as the two servants worked, one poured the fragrance oil as the other rubbed Fang Yuan’s back, they moved in perfect harmony, obviously experienced.

Bai Ning Bing stood before the bucket, not moving as she hesitated.

Fang Yuan laid in the bucket relaxing, placing his arms at the corner of the bucket, saying lightly: “Bai Ning Bing, our identities have already been exposed, we have no need to hide in Shang clan city, do you really not dare to show your face to people?”

Bai Ning Bing immediately snorted.

Fang Yuan continued: “I called you over with good intentions. This Doctor Su Shou, I have long heard of her great fame, in the southern border, she, Roaming Doctor Jiu Zhi, Doctor Sheng Shou, and Doctor Sha Ren are the four great doctors. You can ask her later regarding the Yin Yang rotation Gu.”

Yin Yang rotation Gu!

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes squinted into a line, as they shone unsteadily.

This was Bai Ning Bing’s greatest pain, and the method Fang Yuan used to control Bai Ning Bing. Saying it out loud like this, what was the reason? What schemes does he have now? What is his motive?

All sorts of suspicions arose in Bai Ning Bing’s head.

The mental impact that Shang Xin Ci gave her was still lingering, causing Bai Ning Bing to still experience afterfear.

This Fang Yuan, was like an unknown abyss!

Even Shang Xin Ci did not know her identity, but he knew, otherwise he would not have approached her.

How did he do this?

Bai Ning Bing could not guess the Spring Autumn Cicada, that was a rank six Gu, and too far from her understanding. But she made another guess, that is, a predictive ability Gu.

“Fang Yuan must have a precognition type Gu, able to see scenes of the future. I thought he was familiar with Bai Gu mountain due to the experiences of past people, but now it seems it must be the effect of this Gu. The problem is, which predictive Gu does he own, and what rank is it?”

Undoubtedly, Bai Ning Bing’s pressure at this moment was the greatest.

Even if she understood, that predictive Gu have their own severe weaknesses. Sometimes, the predicted future is either wrong or chaotic.

But now that she wanted to deal with Fang Yuan, she would be forced to think — Would this plan of mine be forewarned? If I use this method to deal with him, will he just make use of it instead?

Enemies that can predict the future were too terrifying.

In the inner house, hot steam rose.

Bai Ning Bing stood on the spot, but felt her hands and legs freezing.

In the steam, she could almost see Fang Yuan lying in the bucket, as the servants washed his body.

She could feel that Fang Yuan was staring at her, using his abyss-like dark eyes, those emotionless and deep eyes, quietly staring at her.

She could hear Fang Yuan screaming in her heart: What are you going to do? Bai Ning Bing! That’s right, this is my trump card, a precognition Gu. You want to deal with me? Go ahead! I can see the future, you have no chance of winning…

But the truth was, Fang Yuan was already resting his eyes.

Whether Bai Ning Bing washed or not, it was part of his probing, killing two birds with one stone. He was testing both Bai Ning Bing and Shang Yan Fei.

The two servants were really experienced, when the water turned cold slightly, they immediately added hot water.

The room was not big, after placing two buckets, it was crowded. This portrayed the state Shang Yan Fei faced when he decided to give up the position of young master back in the day to become a commoner.

But this was normal.

Heroes often met despair. But that is not to say, the fate of heroes is full of calamities. But because, only despair and desperation can create heroes.

Shang Yan Fei could be called a hero, but he is more of a schemer, an ambitious person.

After an hour of washing, the servant stopped.

Fang Yuan wore the shirt they prepared, and walked out of the room, but Bai Ning Bing was still standing there, thoughts flowing in her head.

“Get out, I will wash myself.” After Fang Yuan left, Bai Ning Bing chased the two servants away.

Fang Yuan smiled, the more Bai Ning Bing thought, the more pressure she faced. The more she thought, the more her willpower was sucked away.

Sometimes, strengths might not be strengths.

If Bai Ning Bing was a straightforward boor, so be it. But she was extremely intelligent, and the more intelligent she was, the more she thought, and the more she would find Fang Yuan unpredictable, and hard to win.

Bai Ning Bing could have felt nothing wrong with the bath, but Fang Yuan could tell that she had lowered her head to him from this insignificant matter.

Smart people were suspicious, from another angle, it was Bai Ning Bing who helped Fang Yuan subdue herself.

Back at the main room, Fang Yuan found Doctor Su Shou.

She did not waste time, stretching out her palm and placing it at Fang Yuan’s shoulder.

A gush of pure white light burst forth like water and enveloped Fang Yuan’s entire body.

A refreshing and cool feeling spread throughout Fang Yuan’s body.

His burnt skin could be seen recovering rapidly, at the same time flesh started to grow at the right side of his head.

As time passed, the flesh grew and formed into shapes of ear, and cartilage.

Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, as the numbing feeling assaulted him like waves, continuously challenging his limits.

Quickly, new skin formed on his body, and from the pores that were burnt, new eyebrows grew.

In fifteen minutes time, his injuries healed, he not only regained his looks, but his right ear also grew out, matching with his left.

Doctor Su Shou pulled back her hand, commenting: “Now you look much better. Leave, and bring your companion along, hmph, she chased my servants away, how would I know if she had cleaned herself properly? Eh…”

At this time, the room door opened, and Bai Ning Bing walked out.

She wore a white robe, returning to her formal appearance, without any concealment, her blue eyes shone like the blue sky, with ice muscles and jade bones, her face was slightly red, and she carried with her the lingering steam from her bath. Even the woman Doctor Su Shou was moved by her divine appearance.

Doctor Su Shou’s impression of Bai Ning Bing changed completely, as she said gently: “Little sister looks incredible, I almost got charmed by you.”

This attitude was a hundred and eighty degree turn, Fang Yuan could not help but roll his eyes.

But he knew, this was Doctor Su Shou, pursuing all things beautiful in her life. Or using Earth’s words, she had an appearance complex!

Bai Ning Bing shook her head: “I do not need healing, I just want to know about the Yin Yang rotation Gu.”

“I will answer anything little sister wants to know.” Doctor Su Shou gently said, then turned coldly at Fang Yuan: “As for you, why are you still here, go out!”

Completely different attitudes towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

Fang Yuan rubbed his nose, having being chased out.

The moment he got out, he saw Wei Yang.

“Brother Fang Zheng?” Wei Yang look at him hesitantly.

Fang Yuan nodded, showing gratitude in his eyes: “Thank you brother for guarding here the entire time.”

“Haha, to think you look so handsome!” Wei Yang raised his thumb as he praised.

Actually, Fang Yuan looked extremely plain and ordinary, he could only be considered middle-upper level in terms of looks. But his eyes were dark like the abyss, giving off an unquestionable aura.

Most importantly, he was way too ugly when he was injured, in contrast, he became much more ‘handsome’.

But Wei Yang quickly laughed bitterly: “Little brother, since you call me brother, I shall lecture you. Why did you refuse clan leader’s reward? I know you have your principles, but Shang clan has their rules, as they say, follow the customs of the place you are in, moreover, lord clan leader is not trying to harm you! This is a good thing.”

“But if you continue insisting, the good thing will turn sour. A wise man submits to circumstances, I’m sure you do not want Lady Xin Ci to be stuck in the middle right?”

Fang Yuan frowned: “I accepted treatment because I was considering this point.”

Wei Yang’s smile became even more bitter: “Just this treatment alone is no reward. If Shang clan does not produce a proper reward, it will cause outsiders to laugh at us, and ruin Shang clan’s reputation and image. In future, if Shang clan’s young masters encounter trouble, who would help them? Thus, you must accept this reward no matter what.”

Wei Yang spoke as he observed Fang Yuan’s expression, seeing him frown even harder, he continued urging: “You, oh you, I don’t know what to say. Something that people would die for, you are doing your best to refuse it. Little brother Fang Zheng, an arm cannot overpower a leg , if you really do not want it, you can accept it now, and after this is over, give it to Shang Xin Ci. Is that not a good solution?”

Fang Yuan thought about it, and said solemnly: “Hmm, this is a good idea. First, it does not violate my principles, second, it would not make life difficult for you. But brother Wei, what do I ask for?”

Wei Yang immediately replied: “Oh course it is a token!”

Fang Yuan laughed secretly, that was what he wanted to hear all along. He wanted to hear it from Shang Yan Fei, but Shang Yan Fei seemed to have wanted to recruit him, intentionally not mentioning it.

Now, he shall make use of Wei Yang.

“Token?” Fang Yuan showed a confused expression.

“You just got to Shang clan city, although you know there is a need for tokens, you do not know the importance of it. Trust brother Wei, a high class token is very important. Sometimes, even if you have money, it is useless without a token.” Wei Yang advised wholeheartedly.

Fang Yuan nodded: “Although I don’t get it, since brother Wei said so, I shall request for a token.”

Wei Yang instantly felt strongly moved due to being trusted.

He patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders, sighing: “Little brother, we hit it off so well, why would I cause you to lose out?”

Back at the courtyard, Fang Yuan immediately said to Shang Yan Fei: “I was rash, after hearing brother Wei Yang’s advice, I realized a token was so important. I would like to ask for two tokens from lord clan leader.”

Shang Yan Fei’s eyes shone, he intentionally kept quiet because he had plans. But to think Wei Yang ruined it, this Wei Yang, he failed while trying to do good, not thinking further into this.

These two saved his birth daughter, the token given cannot be too low class.

Nevermind!

In Shang clan city, what does that little primeval stones they had amount to? In a year or two, it would be finished, even if they had the token, they would still need to rely on Shang clan.

Thinking so, Shang Yan Fei laughed heartily, waving his hand: “Alright, I shall give both of you a purple thorn token each, as my thanks to you.”

Almost all the young masters gasped at this.

Even Wei Yang was taken aback.

Shang clan city had black, white, red, orange, yellow, green, turquoise, blue, purple — a total of nine tokens. Black stone token was the lowest, purple thorn token was the highest, it meant one was a VIP in Shang clan, the authority was almost half a clan elder!

Even Fang Yuan did not expect that Shang Yan Fei would give out a purple thorn token. He had planned to receive a green, turquoise or blue token, these three colors. He greatly underestimated Shang Yan Fei’s magnanimity.

Shang Yan Fei took out a token immediately, it was made of cercis chinensis wood, palm sized, the front wrote the two words ‘Shang Clan’, while the back was a minimap of Shang Liang mountain.

But this was not the real purple thorn token.

Shang Yan Fei called out another Gu: “This is the special token Gu of Shang clan, it needs your blood.”

The Gu worm was like a mosquito, flying to Fang Yuan’s arm, taking a bit of blood, and returned to the surface of the token.

Splat.

With a crisp sound, the token Gu exploded, turning into a lump of blood and merging into the token.

The token seemed to have no changes, but when it got into Fang Yuan’s hands, the surface started to glow with a purple light, like water and shadow.

Only now, did this become a real purple thorn token.

Even if outsiders got the token, it was useless. This could only be used by Fang Yuan.

This was also Shang clan’s protective measure. Making it impossible for outsiders to impersonate. If they used Gu worms as the trust token, other Gu Masters might reverse engineer it and refine the Gu for themselves.

The genius part was, the purple thorn token was not a Gu worm, it only had the power of the token Gu remaining in it.

As time passed, the token Gu’s power would decrease, and the purple thorn token would lose effect.

This was an advantage to Shang clan.

The depreciation of the token, would cause its usage to be sustained at a certain level.

If Fang Yuan’s purple thorn token lost effect, he would have to return to Shang clan city and ask them to create a new one. This was a way Shang clan controlled their tokens.

Fang Yuan obtained the purple thorn token, and the young masters’ gaze towards him changed completely.

Before, he was still just a demonic Gu Master, many looked down on him, felt disdain towards him, but now they held an equal attitude.

The purple thorn token could only be given out when the clan leader, or ten elders came to an agreement. There were only two hundred purple thorn tokens in the world now.

“Your companion?” Shang Yan Fei took out another token.

“Still with Doctor Su Shou, I will go rush her now.” Wei Yang was about to get up, when Bai Ning Bing returned, in front of everyone.

Her expression was cold, and solemn. She had heard from Doctor Su Shou, that to return to her male body, she needed the corresponding Yang Gu.

Of course, there was no absolute. If she could get a rank six Gu immortal to help, there was a high chance of success.

Seeing her appearance, many young masters fell into a daze.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 272: New Alliance Agreements 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Ning Bing’s appearance caused the attention on Fang Yuan to divert.

The contrast was simply too great, causing everyone to focus on her.

Fang Yuan had an ordinary appearance, but when he first appeared, even Wei Yang praised him. Bai Ning Bing however, looked stunning, the contrast was much more evident.

Next, Bai Ning Bing also received the purple thorn token.

During the clan banquet, everyone interacted with each other, portraying a cohesive gathering on the outside, but secretly, there were storms brewing.

In large clans, young masters often fought openly and secretly. Because large clans had the resources for them to compete.

On the other hand, normal clans like Gu Yue clan village, Bai clan village, focused on nurturing one successor. It was not a problem of fertility, but because they wanted to avoid internal conflicts between young masters which could cause the clan to decline.

Fang Yuan displayed his forthright and hotblooded side, these young masters were influential people, nurturing a good relationship with them would greatly aid him in his stay on Shang Liang mountain for the next few years.

He clarified his past, as the former Gu Yue clan future clan leader, similar to Bai Ning Bing.

Immediately, he closed the distance he had with the other young masters.

Obviously, there were people who asked about the reason why Qing Mao mountain turned into an icy hell, but Fang Yuan did not explain it.

He only mentioned that the past was a nightmare, and showed a painful expression. He had the purple thorn token in his hand, so no one dared to force him.

A few young masters toasted Bai Ning Bing, but she did not bother responding to them, acting as she pleased.

If it was before, the young master would definitely be secretly angry, but now that she showed her true beauty, no one got angry about it.

They only felt that this woman was beautiful like a fairy, resembling a ice fairy, paired with her cold behavior, it fitted her image perfectly.

The clan banquet lasted for an hour before ending.

“Can I still call you brother Hei Tu?” As they parted, Shang Xin Ci stared at Fang Yuan with glimmering eyes.

“Whichever you like.” Fang Yuan smiled warmly.

Shang Xin Ci blinked, saying softly: “Brother Hei Tu’s injuries are healed, it is worth celebrating, but I feel like we are quite far apart. Brother Hei Tu has the purple thorn token now, you can freely leave and enter the second inner city, are you currently staying at Nan Qiu garden?”

Shang Xin Ci was very chatty, from deep in her heart, she felt that Fang Yuan was very close to her, thus she had many things to say.

In a foreign environment, people subconsciously found a sense of security from people they know.

Fang Yuan knew her mental state, initiating: “Yes I am staying at Nan Qiu garden, when you are free, you can come over to visit. Shang clan city is huge, we can go shopping together.”

Shang Xin Ci’s eyes glowed brightly, happily nodding.

Xiao Die was beside her, happily shouting: “It has been so boring stay at home these days!”

After Fang Yuan regained his looks, Xiao Die no longer found him so scary.

Soon after, Shang Yan Fei brought Shang Xin Ci away, being the first to leave the place.

The young masters lost the restrain on them, and started to show their true colors.

Many gave invitations to Fang and Bai; Fang Yuan did not reject them but promised to visit when he had time.

These were all empty promises.

When everyone started leaving, the two also went back to Nan Qiu garden.

“Are you happy now?” Bai Ning Bing went to Fang Yuan, laughing coldly.

“Happy about what?”

“Hmph, you know the answer, do you really want me to say it?” Being in Shang clan city, some things were not meant to be said, it would hurt both parties.

Fang Yuan smiled and did not respond.

Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan with a flickering gaze: “I have to admit, I underestimated you. Even though I want to chop you into pieces, I greatly admire your tactics.”

She paused, then continued: “Let’s not beat about the bush, under what conditions will you return the Yang Gu to me?”

“Hehe.” Fang Yuan laughed lightly, Bai Ning Bing looking for him meant she had lost her bearings. Shang Xin Ci’s matter had a great impact on her, this was no doubt a chance.

Since she wanted to lay their cards on the table, so be it.

Thus, Fang Yuan said: “We are both smart people, if you were in my spot, what would you do?”

Bai Ning Bing immediately gave a cold snort, her eyes closing into a line, as she shot daggers with her gaze: “Let me warn you, do not go overboard. Otherwise, I will disregard the consequences and act, let’s see who loses out more then!”

Fang Yuan laughed: “You are right, I have been thinking these days, we each hold the other party’s weakness. At this point, how can we struggle among ourselves and let a third party take advantage of our conflict?”

Bai Ning Bing was silent.

Fang Yuan continued: “How about this, assist me to rank five peak stage, and I’ll return the Yang Gu to you.”

“F*ck you!” The corner of Bai Ning Bing’s lips twitched, immediately snickering: “You think I am an idiot like Shang Ya Zi? Rank five peak stage, I can’t believe you have to face to say that!”

They agreed upon rank three earlier, but now it seems Fang Yuan was really going to go back on his words!

Although Bai Ning Bing was ready for it, seeing Fang Yuan’s shameless smile, she felt anger rising in her.

“Bai Ning Bing, don’t be ungrateful, I saved your life. If I did not use the Yin Gu, you would have perished on Qing Mao mountain long ago.” Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold.

Bai Ning Bing did not relent, immediately retorting: “Hmph, if I did not block first generation Gu Yue’s hit for you, you would have died before me!”

“On Bai Gu mountain, if I did not…”

“That time you fell into the swamp, did I not save your life?”

…

The two bickered in the room, exchanging blows against each other until they both went silent.

Their relationship was a huge mess already. But one thing was sure, they relied on each other’s strength to arrive at Shang Liang mountain. If not for their mutual assistance, they would not have lived until today.

The two fell into silence, as the atmosphere in the room became less tense.

“Next, what plans do you have?” A moment later, Bai Ning Bing broke the silence.

“Stay a few years in Shang clan city, now that we have the token and primeval stones, we can get ourselves a set of complementary Gu worms. You also fought against that Wei Yang, only when we have a set of Gu worms can we display our true power.” Fang Yuan said.

Bai Ning Bing snorted: “At most, rank four peak stage. My contributions were high on Bai Gu mountain, you have to give me half of the primeval stones.”

Fang Yuan nodded: “Okay, let’s hi-five as a promise.”

Bai Ning Bing’s stared at him, furiously growling: “You think I am a fool, hi-five?! Use the poison vow Gu, poison vow, understand?!”

Fang Yuan nodded: “No problem, poison vow Gu it is.”

Bai Ning Bing squinted, a dangerous feeling emerging in her heart. Fang Yuan’s quick response caused her to feel that she had been scammed. She seemed to have fallen into Fang Yuan’s trap again.

“But.” Fang Yuan’s words shifted.

“But what?” Bai Ning Bing was extremely vigilant.

Fang Yuan continued: “From now on, if we have any gains, it will be split 3:7. You 30%, and me 70%. If we have any Gu, I have choosing priority, I will use primeval stones to compensate you. This is my baseline, you must accept it.”

Bai Ning Bing breathed out in relief, now this is Fang Yuan. If he did not have any terms, it would be too weird.

She had travelled with him for so long, he had never lost out in a deal!

This person was too devious, especially today, he caused Bai Ning Bing’s vigilance to surge to an all-time high.

3:7, this was too much. Especially when Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation was much higher than Fang Yuan.

But if Fang Yuan did not list an overbearing condition, Bai Ning Bing would have felt uneasy. She would think this person was scheming again. Thus, after Fang Yuan gave his terms, Bai Ning Bing felt at ease.

“So be it.” Bai Ning Bing agreed immediately.

Gains or benefits, she did not care about them. Her only goal was Yang Gu.

After getting information from Doctor Su Shou, her final hope was crushed.

The two conversed for an entire night.

Bai Ning Bing looked at the agreement over ten times, finally concluding that Fang Yuan did not have any loopholes left to use.

Thus on the second day, their first job was to buy the poison vow Gu.

Poison vow Gu was a rank three Gu, with wide uses, almost every shop in third inner city sold it. One cost forty-five hundred primeval stones, and needed at least a yellow pear token.

But when Fang Yuan showed the purple thorn token, the shopkeeper immediately cut the price by fifteen hundred. Fang Yuan paid three thousand and obtained the poison vow Gu.

The nine tokens, held differing discount for different Gu.

“Let me refine it this time.” Bai Ning Bing immediately took the poison vow Gu.

She was very careful, personally refining the poison vow Gu to prevent Fang Yuan from making sneaky moves.

This poison vow Gu had originally been refined by the shopkeeper already, with his assistance, Bai Ning Bing spent fifteen minutes to refine the Gu and kept it for her own use.

“Does this shop sell the primeval elder Gu?” Bai Ning Bing asked again.

Shopkeeper shook his head, respectfully explaining that the primeval elder Gu was a precious rank three Gu, it would only be sold in auctions. But the two had the purple thorn token, they could easily pre-order it before an auction as long as it isn’t a large size one.

The auction zone in third inner city, Wei Yang had brought them there long ago. They easily got to the area, and spent sixty-seven hundred primeval stones to purchase the primeval elder Gu.

“We spent ten thousand just like that. We shall split the cost of the poison vow Gu, but the primeval elder Gu’s cost will come from you.” Fang Yuan reminded.

“Such small details, I’m not going to nitpick.” Bai Ning Bing waved her hand, not interested in calculating. She had been used to spending casually, not caring about monetary fortune. In fact, she looked down on Fang Yuan’s stingy behavior.

Afraid of dragging on, the two returned to Nan Qiu garden and used the poison vow Gu.

This way, a new agreement was established.

According to the agreement, Fang Yuan distributed half of the nine hundred thousand over primeval stones to Bai Ning Bing, placing it in her primeval elder Gu.

Fang Yuan lost half his fortune, but gained an alliance mate Bai Ning Bing. It was a worthwhile trade.

And Bai Ning Bing also saw hope in regaining the Yang Gu, the two were wary of one another, scheming against each other, it was difficult to get to this stage where both was satisfied.

“Next, can you finally help and aid me in reaching rank three?” Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn.

Bai Ning Bing laughed smugly, seeing Fang Yuan’s ugly expression, she felt extremely happy.

For the last few days, she had not helped Fang Yuan in cultivating. However, with the new agreement in place, it was another story all together.

“Sure, I’ll help you advance to rank three today.” She agreed immediately.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 273: Advance to Rank Three 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Swish swish swish…

In the aperture, the primeval sea ebbed and flowed. A gush of primeval essence crashed towards the aperture walls.

The waves were like snow, shining in a silver light, brilliant beyond comprehension, this was the snow silver primeval essence.

In the room, Bai Ning Bing’s palms were stuck to Fang Yuan’s back as the bone flesh unity Gu sent primeval essence continuously into Fang Yuan’s aperture.

Once the primeval essence was converted by the bone flesh unity Gu and became Fang Yuan’s, he could utilize them.

Fang Yuan used the endless amount of snow silver primeval essence and assaulted his aperture walls.

He was now rank two peak stage, his primeval essence was deep red, and his aperture walls were of a crystal form, transparent and shiny.

Initially, in order to breakthrough from rank one peak stage to rank two on Qing Mao mountain, he had to use primeval stones to help him, and after three to four days, he barely succeeded. It was an arduous process.

When he tried to breakthrough into rank three, because of his talent, he had to use the man-beast life burial Gu, an external force.

But now, it was completely different.

Not only because his aptitude had risen to A grade ninety percent, and no longer needed the man-beast life burial Gu, he even had the assistance of Bai Ning Bing.

Human encounters were really mysterious and unpredictable. Even Fang Yuan did not see this coming.

The tough crystal walls, under the impact of the snow silver primeval essence, started to develop cracks.

The cracks grew rapidly, expanding and spreading. A moment later, the entire wall was filled with cracks.

Crack crack…

The crystal wall shattered, and numerous crystal fragments fell into the primeval sea, causing waves to splash.

Soon after, these fragments turned into white spots, dispersing in the primeval sea.

A brand new white light wall, replaced the crystal wall.

At the same time, a trace of light silver primeval essence appeared from deep within the sea.

Light silver primeval essence, it was the symbol of rank three initial stage.

At this point, Fang Yuan finally broke through rank two peak stage, and achieved rank three.

Not mentioning rank six Gu immortal, rank three was already in the middle spectrum of strength. Be it righteous or demonic, they were a strong force.

“After leaving Qing Mao mountain, in less than a year, I regained my rank three cultivation. This speed, is over three times of when I was on Qing Mao mountain, and with my A grade aptitude, my future is bright.” Fang Yuan clenched his fist, cheering in his heart.

Looking at the time, only six hours passed.

So fast.

If he used his own effort, he could breakthrough as well, but it would take twenty four hours at least.

Snow silver primeval essence, it truly was the most effective.

Checking his aperture once again.

The sea of bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu had all been sold.

Over half of the deep red rank two peak stage primeval essence remained.

Bai Ning Bing’s did not stop injecting her primeval essence.

A gush of snow silver primeval essence fell from the sky like a waterfall into the primeval sea, and after some turbulence, it sank to the bottom of the sea.

The higher the realm, the better the quality of the primeval essence. Red steel primeval essence and light silver primeval essence could only be pushed up by the snow silver primeval essence.

At the bottom of the primeval sea, a bone-like white and blue flower moved along with the sea currents.

It was the rank three heavenly essence treasure lotus. The “movable primeval spring”, able to produce fifty primeval stones a day.

Beside the pure treasure lotus was the demonic blood skull Gu.

The blood colored skull had two eye sockets, glowing with a purple flame.

Near the blood skull Gu, there was a crystal ball, staying motionless.

Inside the crystal ball, there was a thick mist that formed into an old man that gave off an immortal aura.

The old man carried a walking cane, with a thick beard on his face, showing a calm expression.

It was the primeval elder Gu.

The old man was originally laughing and smiling, but after Fang Yuan took out half his primeval stones, his expression turned plain.

There was also another jade pendant-like beetle fossil, half transparent and jade green, it gave off cooling air.

It was the rank two clearing heat Gu, used for curing poison.

Close to them, there was also the charred thunder potato mother Gu and a rice bag Gu.

On the surface of the sea, four flavor liquor worm played with the waves. Its fat body shone with red, blue, green and yellow, symbolizing spicy, bitter, sour and sweet; four flavors in total.

In the air, there was the canopy Gu and Yang Gu, playing around the snow silver waterfall.

The canopy Gu was like a giant ladybug, its half round white shell having black spots. The Yang Gu however gave off a warm white light.

His most important vital Gu, was still asleep, drawing the water from the river of time, to recover its body.

Other than the Gu in his aperture, there was still the bone flesh unity Gu, as a bracelet on his arm, as it formed into a bracelet tattoo.

In his palm, there was the blood moon Gu.

On his tongue, there was the tusita flower tattoo.

On his left ear, the breath concealment Gu.

On his feet, the jumping grass Gu.

Flesh-bone Gu was Bai Ning Bing’s, it had been returned to her. Originally, there was a plunder Gu that resembled a black beetle, Fang Yuan had used it to snatch the Gu worms in Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, but it had died from lack of food during the caravan journey.

These were all the Gu  Fang Yuan possessed. 1

“Heavenly essence treasure lotus has to be kept, but I do not have the recipe to continue refining it. I can still use it now, but when I reach rank four, its use will be negligible.”

“Blood skull Gu is useless to me now, to nurture my descendants, there is too much trouble in terms of time and effort. Back then, first generation Gu Yue had no choice but to do it. I can change out this Gu, after all, it is one of the inheritance of the blood sea ancestor. I might be able to get a good Gu from the treasure realm. But treasure realm is the foundation of Shang clan, even if I had the purple thorn token… I have to plan this carefully.”

“Spring Autumn Cicada, primeval elder Gu, and bone flesh unity Gu are definitely going to be kept, blood moon Gu is easy to raise but does not have enough attack and cannot be used as a set. Tusita flower should be changed too, there are better options available. I have to expose the breath concealment Gu, but jumping grass has to be removed. It was kept as emergency in the first place.”

“Other than this, i have lots of strength Gu to buy, and also investigative, movement type Gu. Now that our situation is stable, and I have gained the trust of Shang clan, I can try to interact with the gambling den.”

Fang Yuan considered his options.

The Gu on him were all gathered individually, they could not form into a set. And they did not even cover all grounds, severely affecting his battle strength.

At Shang clan city, they finally had time to develop themselves. He has to use this opportunity, and race against time, to get his Gu worm set in two to three years. Creating his own battle style, as well as trying to raise his cultivation as high as possible.

After that, the Three Kings Inheritance would start. Next would be the righteous demonic battle at Yi Tian mountain, one that affected the entire southern border. It was a grand event, where brave warriors reigned supreme. If one did not have enough strength, they would be cannon fodder. If he had the qualification to join, using Fang Yuan’s rebirth advantage, he would be able to gain great benefits.

…

“This subordinate greets Lord clan leader!” In the study room, Wei Yang kneeled.

Shang Yan Fei stopped writing, looking up: “Wei Yang, there is only the two of us here, do not be restrained.”

“Thank you for the seat, clan leader.” Wei Yang sat at a nearby seat.

Shang Yan Fei laughed, as he recalled: “You, you are still so rigid. Remember when we first met, before you dominated the battle stage, back when I was still a Shang clan young master. So many years have passed already, it was all thanks to your assistance that I became clan leader.”

“This subordinate does not dare to claim credit!” Wei Yang quickly stood up, cupping his fist: “I am but a boor, only able to assist in terms of fighting. Clan leader is both intelligent and strong, I am merely the icing on the cake.”

“Hehehe. Although I am intelligent and strong, I am still one person. Only with all of you, can I establish a force strong enough to dominate. Two fists cannot rival four palms , a good leader needs his men, am I right?” Shang Yan Fei looked at Wei Yang with deep intentions.

Wei Yang immediately realized that Shang Yan Fei had a deeper meaning, but could not understand his meaning, only cupping his fists: “This subordinate is ashamed.”

Shang Yan Fei changed the topic: “I had thought at first that Bai Ning Bing was a girl pretending to be a guy, after all, many clans carry a male leader mentality. But today, I heard from Doctor Su Shou, Bai Ning Bing asked her about the Yin Yang rotation Gu, it seems there is a hidden story behind this. But whether she is a guy or a girl, that is a small detail, it is no longer important. What is important, is whether she and that Fang Zheng would work for us Shang clan.”

Wei Yang was enlightened: “This subordinate understands.”

“Mm, as long as you understand, you may leave.” Shang Yan Fei waved his hand.

“This subordinate takes his leave.”

Seeing the study room’s door close lightly, Shang Yan Fei leaned back on his chair and closed his eyes.

Fang and Bai were able to snatch the inheritance from Bai clan, and were able to escort Shang Xin Ci back, it showed that they had both brains and brawn.

They even had good aptitude, the report states they were rank three.

They were not even twenty yet, this truly was great talent!

Most importantly, they knew how to repay kindness, this showed they had proper character, it made people feel at ease.

And finally, they were not peasants, but were born as two clan’s successor, they had the symbol of righteousness ingrained in them from birth.

Shang Yan Fei had been in power for so many years, and had seen many young talents, but very few moved his heart like these two.

But the reason Shang Yan Fei wanted to recruit them, was not for himself, but for Shang Xin Ci.

He opened his eyes, and turned into a pillar of flame, disappearing from the study room.

When he reappeared, he was at a huge walkway.

At the two sides of the walkway, there were tall stone pillars. The ground was paved with a type of white-silver colored brick. Shang Yan Fei stood beside the stone pillar, like an ant beside a pair of chopsticks.

He walked slowly in the empty walkway, only the echo of his walking could be heard.

After a while, he arrived at the end of the walkway.

A giant red door was in front of him.

The giant door was as tall as the walkway, over thirty meters tall. There was no handle on the door, instead there was the carving of a huge human face.

The face protruded out of the door, and was sound asleep. The details of the carving was simply perfection.

Shang Yan Fei came before the door, and stared at the red door, saying in an annoyed tone: “Living treasure door, stop pretending to be asleep, what’s the point? You’ve done this too many times.”

The face on the giant door immediately opened its eyes, staring at Shang Yan Fei, complaining: “Sigh, Little Fei Fei, you’ve grown up, you are not cute anymore!”

As it said so, it opened its huge mouth and a strong gust of wind blew, causing Shang Yan Fei’s hair to dance in the wind. Its voice was like thunder, as the echo reverberated in the walkway.

Shang Yan Fei’s eyes twitched: “Stop your nonsense, I am here to exchange for treasure.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Exchange treasure?” The face on the huge door made funny faces towards the tiny Shang Yan Fei, teasing: “Little Fei Fei, are you going to take advantage of me again? I know we are old friends, but as the guardian of the treasure realm, I will not help you to steal from the inside. Although we are such old friends…”

“How many times have I said it, can you change the way you call me?” Black lines appeared on Shang Yan Fei’s forehead.

“Then what do I call you? Little Yan Yan, Little Yan Fei or Little Yan Zi?”

Shang Yan Fei quickly waved his hand, helplessly saying: “Nevermind, nevermind, do whatever you want. Let’s get back to business, I am really here for exchanging treasure.”

“Ohhh…” The huge face dragged his words, evidently not satisfied yet: “Getting to business so soon, I wanted to talk more, this place is boring me to death.”

Shang Yan Fei sighed: “I am very busy, living treasure door. You know I am the Shang clan leader, it is no longer like before.”

 “Sigh, nevermind, every generation of clan leaders are like that. I thought you would be different. I have no requirements this time, I just want somebody to complain to, the eons of waiting truly makes me empty and lonely…” Living treasure door sighed gloomily.

“You are a door, what loneliness can you have? Can’t you just sleep? “Shang Yan Fei’s head was full of black lines.

“Sleep? I can’t fall asleep! You have no idea how hard it is to be alone…” Living treasure door started to blabber again.

“I am not here to listen to your grudges, let’s talk about business, real business.” Shang Yan Fei coughed.

“Oh, then let’s do that.” Living treasure door’s face became solemn: “Sure if you want to exchange treasures, but I have a condition…”

It dragged its words again.

Shang Yan Fei had a bad feeling about this.

He raised his eyebrows: “What condition, don’t tell me…?”

“Ah, looking at your expression, you’ve guessed it! That’s right, that’s right, I want you to dig my nose, dig my nose!” Living treasure door screamed excitedly.

Dig my nose…

Dig my…

Dig…

The loud voice continued to echo in the walkway.

Shang Yan Fei’s forehead was popping with veins: “Scoundrel, you’re trying this again?”

“My nose is really itchy, really itchy, I can’t breathe properly. I have no hands, I cannot dig my nose myself like you humans, I am so pitiful. Ah… Little Fei Fei, my good friend, please help me, please dig my nose. As a reward, I will give you my treasured booger.” Living treasure door sang out in a poetic tone.

“Hey, enough is enough!” Shang Yan Fei clenched his fists, screaming out after he could control himself no longer.

Living treasure door snorted, giving a ‘what can you do to me’ look.

Then it started to chant…

“Dig my nose!”

“Dig my nose!”

“Dig my nose!”

“Dig my nose or no treasure for you. Dig my nose and you are a good boy…”

The voice shook the air and caused the entire walkway to shake.

Shang Yan Fei lowered his head, supporting his forehead as the sounds of ‘dig my nose’ reverberated the walkway.

“Alright, alright, stop chanting, I’ll do it okay?” Shang Yan Fei screamed out, completely helpless in his heart.

Even if he is a rank five Gu Master, the lord of Shang clan, against the living treasure door, there was nothing he could do.

After all, the treasure realm was left behind by Shang clan’s ancestors, this was the work of a Gu immortal beyond rank five!

“Oh yay——!” Living treasure door cried out in triumph, then it urged: “Quickly, quickly, I can’t wait anymore.”

Shang Yan Fei’s expression froze, as the corner of his eyes twitched, he stretched out his right hand.

On the palm of his right hand, there was a tiny tattoo in the shape of a palm, blood red in color.

He activated his primeval essence, and the blood tattoo flew out, turning into a giant bright red hand.

Rank five — Blood Handprint Gu!

Whoever is hit by this palm, be it birds, beasts, worms or fish, as long as they had blood flowing in them, they would turn into a puddle of blood. It had great strength and a threatening effect, Shang Yan Fei used it to dominate the southern border, establishing his fierce name.

But right now, he used the blood handprint to satisfy living treasure door’s weird request…

Digging its nose.

The bright red palm, turned into a fist, then stretched out its index finger, and entered the living treasure door’s nostrils.

Living treasure door hummed: “Yes, that’s it!”

“Ahh… it feels so good…”

“Deeper, that’s right, a little deeper!”

“More strength please, it feels better if you’re rougher.”

“Ohh… that was too good…”

“Little Fei Fei, your technique is superb.”

“Ah… ah… ahhh… CHOO!” Living treasure door opened its mouth, sneezing loudly.

Numerous red, yellow, blue, and green “booger” were blown out.

If one looked properly, the red one was typhoon mountain pepper, a god-like extinct refinement aiding material. The yellow was worry soil, one of the ingredients used to refine a rank six Gu. The blue was ice heart, only at the center of a ten million year old ice mountain can one of these grow. The green was the grass skirt Gu, rank five without any defensive ability, but once a Gu Master uses it, it can give them a grass skirt that is able to absorb primeval energy from the air, replenishing the primeval essence in the aperture rapidly!

“Alright, my breathing is smooth again. These booger are your gift. I do not want to eat them again, that is too disgusting.” Living treasure door sniffed after sneezing, feeling extremely satisfied.

Shang Yan Fei kept these items, before sighing: “Can we get to business now?”

“Of course, of course, what does Little Fei Fei want?” Living treasure door’s mood was much better.

“I remember that there is still a rank five man triumphing heaven Gu, I want to exchange for it.” Shang Yan Fei replied.

Living treasure door showed a curious gaze: “Man triumphing heaven Gu, it has the ability to defy heaven and change fate, forcefully awakening an aperture for those mortals without cultivating talent. This Gu is extremely precious, Little Fei Fei, although we have a close friendship, and you have dug my nose many times, the treasure realm’s rules cannot be defied. If you want to exchange for this Gu, you will need to offer a Gu with even greater value to the treasure realm.”

“Can you stop mentioning the digging of your nose?” Shang Yan Fei’s veins were popping as he called out a Gu.

This Gu was like a baby’s palm, tender and plump, while clear as crystal. There were red blood veins within the palm, causing the palm to emit a ghostly aura.

Living treasure door saw this Gu and exclaimed: “Eh, you are giving up the blood handprint Gu? Little Fei Fei, I remember this is one of your most useful Gu. Weren’t you collecting the blood sea inheritance? Have you given up your aspiration from young?”

Shang Yan Fei sighed helplessly: “The total number of blood sea inheritances are almost uncountable, yet the true inheritances are hidden among them, the difficulty is simply too high. Even if I use the Shang clan to investigate, after all these years, I have only gotten two of them. I want the man triumphing heaven Gu, but my other precious Gu cannot be given up, I have to temporarily sacrifice the blood handprint Gu. Someday, I might come back to redeem it.”

Shang Yan Fei’s Gu worms were mostly from the blood sea inheritance, causing him to specialize in the bloodline path.

Because of this, when Shang Xin Ci entered Shang clan city, he could detect it immediately.

“Okay then, since you’ve made your decision.” Living treasure door opened its mouth, and swallowed the blood handprint Gu.”

Gulp.

With a loud sound, the blood handprint Gu entered the treasure realm.

Next, it regurgitated, and opened its mouth, throwing up one Gu.

This Gu was like a thousand year ginseng, with many roots and a yellow body. Its lustre was dim, as the upper part resembled a body, but the lower part diverged, like a pair of legs.

This was the man triumphing heaven Gu.

“Quickly refine it, once out of the treasure realm, in three breaths, this Gu will regain its wild nature. It will be too difficult to refine it then.” Living treasure door urged.

Shang Yan Fei nodded, and activated his purple crystal primeval essence, instantly refining this man triumphing heaven Gu.

“Hehehe, with this Gu, I can awaken Ci Er’s aperture! Now, I just need a few more Gu to raise her aptitude, and assist her to cultivate. Then, I can recruit Fang and Bai, to act as her wings. Ci Er, I will make sure you are happy, but in this world, strength is the prerequisite to all happiness!” Shang Yan Fei kept the man triumphing heaven Gu, as his emotions surged.

“I am leaving, living treasure door.” He said to the door.

“Hey, hey, hey, so soon? Stay and talk to me, I am really bored to death.” Living treasure door anxiously asked.

But the blood flames flickered, and Shang Yan Fei vanished.

“Ah, this scoundrel, he left me alone again. I am so pitiful, so bored, so tired…” Living treasure door’s grumblings could be heard echoing in the walkway.

…

Another feast with fine wine and delicious food, as people interacted in a heated atmosphere.

“Brother Wei, brother Xiao Yan, come, another glass!” Fang Yuan stood up and shouted loudly as he raised his glass, while Bai Ning Bing watched emotionlessly as she ate her food.

Wei Yang, Xiao Yan raised their glasses at the same time, as the three glasses collided roughly, causing the wine to spill all over the table and dishes.

Back at the battle zone, Fang Yuan wanted to treat them to dinner, but Xiao Yan took the initiative to do so. This time, he kept his word, inviting these two to a feast at a huge restaurant.

“To think that brother Fang Zheng would be the one who saved Shang clan leader’s precious daughter. Good people truly get rewarded . Purple thorn token, hehe, I am extremely envious.” Xiao Yan was a cheerful and honest person, not hiding his envy at all.

He had lived in Shang clan city for many years, he knew what the purple thorn token entailed.

Wei Yang put down his glass: “What are the two of you going to do from now on?”

Fang Yuan then answered: “We plan to stay in Shang clan city for a while, and sell the useless Gu we have. Next, we will buy a set of complementary Gu worms.”

“Excellent, that is the proper thing to do. If you did not have such plans, I would have reminded you to do so anyway.” Wei Yang raised his thumb as he cheered in his heart, Fang and Bai staying here meant that there was a greater chance of recruiting them.

“If the both of you do not mind, you can tell us your plans. Big brother Wei is very knowledgeable, he can give you good advice. My fire Gu path was also recommended by big brother Wei.” Xiao Yan said at the corner.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 275: Strength Path and Ice Path 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Nurture, use and refinement, those were the three aspects of a Gu Master’s cultivation.

No matter which aspect, they were extremely profound, and each contained knowledge that was wide as the sea. Many people spent their entire lives without venturing fully into one of them.

“Please advise me brother Wei.” At the feast, Fang Yuan cupped his fists.

“We hit it off so well, I shall not beat around the bush.” Wei Yang cleared his throat, before officially teaching: “From the general aspect, Gu Masters are split into nine ranks, rank one to five are mortal, while six to nine are immortal. Among ten million Gu Masters, not even one might become an immortal. It is too tough to become one, even recognised geniuses may not reach it. But let’s not talk about immortals, but focus on mortals.”

“The five mortal ranks, rank one and two are beginners, and rank four to five are a high level fighting force. Rank three is in the middle, it is what connects the two. By this point, both of you are already full-fledged Gu Masters, rank three is the most important stage, because here, you will build upon your foundations, and choose the right direction to advance, it will definitely result in a better future for you.”

“By rank three, a Gu Master’s strength is already a force to be reckoned with. In many villages, rank three are clan elders. At this stage, the Gu Master has to determine the direction they want to go, and create a set of Gu worms along that line. If you want to be a support Gu Master, your Gu worms will be mainly storage type. If you want to be an investigative Gu Master, the core of your Gu worms will be investigative types. If you want a future in Gu refinement, you can choose to work on existing recipes to create your own new recipe. If someone likes to plot, they can collect thinking-assist type Gu worms, like the lightning thoughts Gu or the immortal showing the way Gu.”

Wei Yang introduced again.

The so called direction refers to attack, defense, healing, storage, movement, and investigative, the six aspects.

Healing Gu Masters were known as doctors, having a grand status. Storage Gu Masters were support Gu masters, every force and clan needed them.

Wei Yang was a movement type Gu Master, his core Gu worm was the rainbow light Gu.

Of course, other than these six, there were other smaller branches.

Like a Gu Master specializing in substitute refinement, they had Gu worms that increased refinement speed or helped to weaken the Gu worm’s will.

Or maybe those Gu Masters who specialized in catching Gu, they were good at finding and capturing wild Gu worms.

All in all, by rank three, Gu masters would have started to classify into their specific classes, and they become more specialized, becoming an expert in one domain.

Saying so, Wei Yang paused, then looked at Fang and Bai, asking: “Have both of you thought about your advancement direction?”

“Attack.” Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing said at the same time with no hesitation.

The two were focused on attack, they had an inborn fighting nature, and could not be easily subdued.

Wei Yang nodded, not surprised at all, he had seen many people, and could guess their choices.

He continued: “Then next, you have to choose Gu worms, and form a set, a group of Gu worms that chains into one system.”

Forming a set of Gu worms had many benefits.

Firstly, in terms of feeding, similar Gu worms had similar requirement for food, it was easier to collect, store and trade for these food.

Next, in terms of use, Gu worms could be used together and increase their ability or cover up their weaknesses. For example: Wei Yang’s rainbow light Gu had great expenditure issues, but using the light source Gu, it reduced the weakness.

Lastly, in terms of refinement, placing similar Gu worms together to refine them into higher ranks, it not only saves money, but also has higher chances of success compared to refining an array of Gu worms.

“Both of you chose attack, then without doubt, an attack type Gu will have to be your core. Other Gu worms will have to support this core. Take for example Little Xiao, he chose the red fire Gu as his main attack method, then I advised him to use the duplicate Gu, to increase the number of his flames. I next chose the enlarge Gu, causing the flame to enlarge in size and become stronger. After that, I chose the fire source Gu, to reduce his primeval essence expenditure. Lastly, I chose the fire discharge Gu, as his movement type Gu.” Wei Yang patted Xiao Yan’s shoulders as he said.

Xiao Yan purposely showed a bitter expression: “Big brother Wei, you dug up all my secrets.”

Wei Yang did not mind it: “Haha, your secrets are well known to everyone. Among the people in the battle stage now, who does not know what Gu you own?”

Wei Yang then turned to Fang Yuan: “It is no matter even if your Gu worms are exposed; as long as you pair it well, you can deal with all situations. Your core Gu worm is the foundation of the entire set. Have you thought of what attack type Gu worms you want to use as your core?”

Fang Yuan clenched his fist: “Before this, i have already used many Gu to raise my strength. Strength is my advantage, I want to continue on it, and crush my foes with overwhelming strength.”

Bai Ning Bing said the name of a Gu: “Frost demon Gu.”

Speaking of which, Bai Ning Bing had a rank three frost demon Gu in the past, it allowed the Gu Master to turn into the frost demon, Bai Ning Bing had a great compatibility with it.

But during the battle with Gu Yue Qing Shu, it was destroyed.

This caused Bai Ning Bing to still have lingering emotions towards the Gu.

Wei Yang heard this and frowned: “You want to go on the strength path and ice path… For ice path, the advantage lies in defense. Frost demon Gu, snow fairy Gu, ice crystal Gu, these are the three most famous transformation type Gu. Frost demon Gu and snow fairy Gu are for women, while ice crystal Gu is more suited for men.”

“As for Fang Zheng’s strength path…” Wei Yang shook his head: “I’m not trying to discourage you, but this would not work. The strength path is the most common route people choose, why is that? Because it is cheap and affordable, most of the Gu related to the strength path are cheap, but because of this, the Gu Masters do not stand out and are very ordinary.”

“I’ll tell you the truth, I tried the strength path in the past, but wasted a lot of primeval stones later to remove the increased strength in my body. Most demonic Gu Masters lack resources, and use the strength path as a stepping stone. But brother Fang Zheng, you have the purple thorn token and hundreds of thousands of primeval stones, you do not have to take this narrow path, the strength path makes it hard to succeed in life!”

Hearing Wei Yang’s words, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other, nodding.

Wei Yang smiled, he did not waste his efforts.

Xiao Yan laughed too: “After hearing brother Wei’s words, I have gained much insight as well.”

“Brother Wei makes sense, but I still want to walk on the strength path.” Fang Yuan cupped his fist.

“Yes, I have decided to give up on the frost demon Gu, and choose the ice crystal Gu!” Beside him, Bai Ning Bing also made her decision.

“Huh…” Wei Yang’s smile froze on his face.

“Hey, hey, hey, did you listen to what he said at all.” Xiao Yan shouted.

Bai Ning Bing smiled as determination shone across her eyes.

Precisely because the ice crystal Gu is suited for males, that is why I chose it, heh.

Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “I am thankful to brother Wei for the advice, but I still like the strength path. Others might not achieve success out of it, but if I can, doesn’t that show my superiority? Hahaha, challenges lie in difficulty, and there is only a sense of accomplishment if there is a challenge. I was hesitant before, but now that brother Wei has said it, I am definitely choosing this!”

Choosing the strength path was part of Fang Yuan’s plans; it involves the three kings inheritance in a few years.

Of course, he cannot mention that to anyone.

“You two…” Xiao Yan stared in a daze, unsure of what to say.

“This… you have to reconsider, this is not a joke!” Wei Yang’s expression was solemn, his tone was anxious, he did not expect his heartfelt advice to work in the opposite direction.

“No need to say anything else brother Wei, paths are made by men, my decision is final. Hahaha, let’s continue drinking.” Fang Yuan said, showing his determination, causing Wei Yang to swallow his words.

“Sigh…” Wei Yang lifted his glass helplessly, but swore in his heart, that he had to convince them otherwise.

Especially this Fang Zheng, he was truly messing around! Treating his future as a game, he should not do this. At this rate, it would put his superior aptitude to waste!

Wei Yang really could not stand it.

He had to quickly adjust Fang Zheng’s mindset, this was a future star that the clan leader wanted to recruit.

After the banquet ended, and the nagging Wei Yang left together with Xiao Yan, Fang and Bai arrived at the Gu shop.

After showing their purple thorn token, Bai Ning Bing spent twenty-eight thousand primeval stones and bought the rank three ice crystal Gu.

Fang Yuan chose a rank two brown bear innate strength Gu, spending four thousand one hundred primeval stones.

“You really intend to make the ice crystal Gu your vital Gu?” Out of the shop, Fang Yuan frowned and asked.

Bai Ning Bing knew what he truly meant, she was rank three peak stage, if she advanced further, it would be rank four realm. She can totally purchase a rank four Gu worm in advance instead.

But Bai Ning Bing shook her head, her expression grim: “I do not intend to advance to rank four, just yesterday, I found that my aptitude rose by one percent again.”

The northern dark ice soul physique was a curse coiling around Bai Ning Bing.

As she continued to cultivate, Bai Ning Bing’s aptitude would eventually return to a hundred percent, regaining the ten extreme physique status.

Thus, she would rather give up on advancing.

Rank four yellow gold primeval essence had better quality than white silver primeval essence, it could nurture the aperture better and would cause Bai Ning Bing”s aptitude to recover more quickly.

Fang Yuan’s steps halted: “Is that so, in that case, you can’t live without the Yang Gu in my hands. Hehehe, maybe you can go to Feng Yu Manor and ask them. They specialize in selling information, they might have what you need.”

“You are not going with me?” Bai Ning Bing stopped, looking at Fang Yuan.

“I am going to walk around the gambling den.” Fang Yuan laughed.

“Alright.”

Seeing Bai Ning Bing walk away, Fang Yuan’s smile vanished.

He returned to the shop: “Shopkeeper, I forgot to buy some things earlier, do you have them?”

He gave a list.

Shopkeeper did not dare to make a purple thorn token owner wait, he quickly looked at the list and nodded: “Yes esteemed guest, we have them all.”

“Good, prepare one portion for me, immediately!”

“Yes, yes, yes.”

A moment later, he walked out of the backdoor of the shop, and went into another path, going to a lower level and arriving at the gambling den.

“Now then, let me see that sealed legendary Gu fossil.” Moving according to his memories, Fang Yuan entered an extravagant gambling den.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

It was a black rock.

The size of a person’s face, the black rock’s surface glowed with bits of blue light.

At one glance, it resembled the stars shining in the night sky.

This was a stellar stone.

But different from the surrounding stellar stones, this one was cubic and looked like a brick.

But this rock, buried in a pile, was that legendary Gu that someone obtained. And that lucky person, from someone unknown, he became a famous strength path Gu Master all due to this Gu, causing everyone to look in envy.

Fang Yuan stood here, observing the surroundings, instantly understanding why no one cared about this rock.

This was an extravagant large sized gambling den, and had great business.

Although it was third inner city, there was human crowd around it.

Gambling rocks were classified into five categories; scrap, low, medium, high, and super grade.

At scrap grade, each rock was sold for over ten primeval stones. Low grade rocks were around a hundred primeval stones, medium grade were a thousand, high grade were ten thousand, and super grade were a few hundred thousand per piece.

And this stellar stone was of scrap grade.

Scrap grade gambling rocks were the ones most looked down on. Most were solid on the inside, even if there was a Gu, it was mostly dead carcasses.

Especially after the demonic Gu Master Wei Shen Jing’s appearance, it caused the scrap grade rocks’ market value to be severely affected.

Wei Shen Jing was skilled at creating counterfeit items, called the Counterfeit Master by people.

He had once sold large amounts of counterfeit scrap grade gambling rocks, causing almost all large clans to post his arrest warrant. In the southern border, he was hated by everybody.

This caused the scrap grade gambling rocks to become even more unpopular, but it was not completely ignored.

Sometimes, when Gu Masters were in the mood when they were shopping, they would engage in small gambles for fun. Buying a few scrap grade gambling rocks, just for entertainment. Other than that, professional gamblers also used them for practice.

After all, scrap grade gambling rocks were cheap, to some Gu Masters, there was no pain in losing the gamble.

But the problem was, this is third inner city.

Here, most Gu Masters were rank three.

Rank three was clan elder level, at this stage, most had their own assets. Even if they were practising, the would choose low grade rocks which had a much higher chance of winning.

Scrap grade rocks were an insult to them.

Despite so, in such a large gambling den, which was overflowing with people, there were certain Gu Masters who had their attention on these scrap rocks.

But still…

“Hehehe, how would they guess, that the stellar stone used to support a leg of this counter would hide a legendary Gu worm.” Fang Yuan laughed in his heart.

Indeed, this stellar stone was used to fix a shaky counter, placed below one of its legs.

People moved about, but who would notice an ordinary counter out of tens of rows of counters at the scrap rock area.

These counters were filled with scrap grade rocks, one piled on top of another. They were so cheap it was like the rows of vegetables and fruits in a market back on Earth.

None of the Gu Masters who came here placed their sights on these scrap grade gambling rocks.

Thus, this stellar stone became unnoticed, and eventually gathered a layer of dust, causing it to be even more unappealing.

No one knew when this stellar stone started being used as counter support, but during this period, an uncountable number of people walked past it daily.

Until one day.

A down-and-out Gu Master, came here, and tripped at this counter.

To be honest, this Gu Master should be blamed for not looking at where he’s going. The counter was an inanimate object, so many Gu Masters walked past it daily but no one had ever been tripped by it.

Like a lamp post, it stood straight on the street, being no obstacle to men, but some people tend to knock onto it for no reason. Can you blame the lamp post for that?

But no matter what world it is, reasons do not resolve arguments, only strength does.

A farmer raised a rooster, but it was so noisy the farmer could not get his nap. Feeling angered, the farmer slaughtered the rooster, there was seemingly nothing wrong with that.

No matter which world, the stronger person only had to relent a little to resolve conflicts. But the eventual settlement of the issue would often result in the stronger person not giving in, and the weaker person would pay a heavy price.

The Gu Master was tripped, even though he did not fall down, he was angry. He vented his anger on this piece of rock.

Since you dared to trip me, I will slice you open!

Thus, the Gu Master bought this rock, and dissected it in public.

And then, the legendary Gu appeared in this world.

It was a very dramatic incident, but precisely because it was so dramatic that people passed around the story in Fang Yuan’s previous life.

And now, this incident has not happened yet.

This stellar stone, was still used as a counter support, quietly and silently awaiting its fate.

And Fang Yuan’s feet, was only two inches from it.

“Dear customer, is this your first time here?” A clerk walked over seeing Fang Yuan’s dazed expression, he was not aware Fang Yuan was looking at this rock with the corner of his eye.

 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose, saying: “Yeah I guess.” If he did not consider his previous life, this was the second time he was at a gambling den.

Newbie.

Easy to trick!

The clerk’s smile became extremely bright: “Please come inside, to speak the truth, the rocks here are the cheapest, but nothing cheap is good. They have poor quality, and are of all shapes and sizes, what can you get out of them? Let me introduce for you, customer.”

“Oh? Then talk.” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised as he followed the clerk into the gambling den.

“Customer, do you know how gambling rocks are formed?” The clerk walked ahead as he looked back and asked.

Before Fang Yuan replied, he answered already: “As the saying goes,  Man is the spirit of all livings beings, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth . Man has great inspiration and thus are able to innovate. They have the highest intelligence, and can create many things, many new Gu worms that do not originate from nature. Gu is the essence of heaven and earth, they have little intelligence, but their tiny bodies contain the law fragments of the Great Dao.”

“Heaven and earth always leaves a chance of survival, some Gu worms get gravely injured, or run out of food, they might go into hibernation. Through long periods of time, a rock layer would form around their bodies. The rock gets thicker, and thicker, until it gains substantial mass. As time passes, more and more layers form, until a fossil is created. These rocks wrap around the Gu worms, and due to the influence of the law fragments in the Gu worms, they become different from other rocks, and look very different compared to the surrounding soil. People find these fossils, and collect them, this is the truth of the gambling rock that you see before you.”

Fang Yuan nodded, as he walked, he answered: “Hmm, I’ve heard of the story of the gambling rock before.”

The deeper he went into the gambling den, the more Gu Masters he saw.

Many Gu Masters were picking rocks, or discussing quietly.

The gambling stage and empty spaces felt even more silent due to the soft discussions.

The clerk calmly said: “Since customer wants to gamble, you cannot be rash about it. We might be a gambling den, but we do not scam our customers. We have to let you gamble with a peace of mind, and be informed about your decisions. Here, we sell old man stones, pushing cart stones, stellar stones, cold ice stones. Each rock are split into five grades according to quality, and have different prices. It ranges from over a hundred thousand to a few primeval stones.”

“Customer, the area you were at earlier was the cheapest scrap grade area, I did not recommend you to buy from there because the quality there is the worst, let’s take the stellar stone for example.”

“In the stellar stone, starlight type Gu are the most commonly seen. These Gu contain the law of the stars, thus, the fossil develops markings that resembles shining stars. Among star type Gu, the most commonly seen are the rank one star dart Gu, thus the fossil would become the shape of a dart. If it is the star arrow Gu, the fossil would be long and have a pointy tip and a spreading end. There is also the shooting star Gu, the fossil would be round but carries a tail. There is a very high chance of having a Gu within rocks of these shapes.”

“Of course, other than the appearance, there are many other elements, like the number of shining stars, the more there are, the more likely there is a Gu within, and the higher rank it could be. Customer, what you are seeing now, are medium grade rocks. You will discover that better grade rocks are better. Of course, the price is steeper.”

“Yes, that is indeed so.” Fang Yuan casually remarked.

The clerk used a proud tone as he said: “Our shop has the most talented rock dissecting masters, they have at least twenty years of experience. There is a Master Duan, he specializes in using acid to dissect the rocks, having over fifty years of experience.”

“I strongly advise you to dissect the rock in our shop after choosing your gambling rock. The rock dissecting master are professionals, and they have a set of Gu worms specially used to dissect rocks.”

“The method of dissecting has to be appropriate, like for the stellar stone, magnetism should be used. For old man stone, acid should be used.”

“If there is a Gu within the gambling rock, they are extremely weak. If a wrong method is used to excavate them, it can deal a fatal blow to them, it would be too late then.”

“Customer, if you choose rocks from the high and super grade area, we can dissect the rock for you for free. If you choose from low or medium grade, you will have to pay yourself. For scrap grade, hehe, we do not advise you to waste money hiring a dissecting master. The cost of hiring him would greatly exceed the price of the rocks itself.”

Back on Qing Mao mountain, when Jia clan caravan came, Fang Yuan once dissected the purple gold rock for himself.

But his method, was simply brute force.

Thankfully, the purple gold rock was softer, the mudskin toad had a strong life force, of course, it also had to do with Fang Yuan’s great experience.

Rock dissecting cannot be done through brute force, it would easily murder the Gu worm inside.

If Fang Yuan wanted to dissect rocks, he would need to employ the rock dissecting masters in this shop.

After one round, Fang Yuan chose a few rocks at the low grade area. Old man stones, pushing cart stones, and stellar stones, a few of each.

The clerk was disappointed, after spending so much effort in speaking and encouraging, trying to convince Fang Yuan to buy a few high grade rocks, but how could Fang Yuan fall for this.

Getting this result after such a long time, the clerk spoke listlessly: “Dear customer, do you have a token? If it is a yellow pear token and above, there are discounts available. Please show me your token if you have one.”

Soon after, his expression changed, as he opened his mouth wide, his eyes about to fall off.

“Purple thorn token? Oh my god!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 277: Vigilance and Endurance 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The purple thorn token was letting out a dreamy and illusionary light.

The clerk stared at this token closely, his expression sluggish as he was lost for words.

After a long while, he came back to his senses and respectfully said: “Esteemed guest, please forgive me for being blind! Please wait a moment, I will go call the shopkeeper.”

The shopkeeper was a middle-aged white fatty who ran in flustering when he heard a purple thorn token holder appeared.

He immediately bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan: “Esteemed guest, your presence brings light to this little shop!”

Fang Yuan pointed at the rocks he chose and said indifferently: “I have chosen some rocks, I will have to trouble you guys to dissect them.”

The shopkeeper was stupefied when he looked at the rocks, how could they all be low grades?

He could not help quickly glancing at the clerk with a reproachful gaze: ‘Those with purple thorn tokens are all important characters, big clients, you actually let him choose these rocks?’

The clerk stood uneasily at the side, words stuck at his throat.

The shopkeeper bowed his head towards Fang Yuan: “Esteemed guest, you don’t need to worry about dissecting the rocks. Purple thorn token holders can have rocks dissected free of charge in rock gambling zone. After calculating the discounts for these rocks, it comes down to six hundred and fifty primeval stones.”

“I know the rock gambling rules, pay first before dissecting the rocks.” Fang Yuan nodded and took out the primeval stones from primeval elder Gu.

The shopkeeper swifty received the primeval stones and turned towards the clerk: “Go and call Great Master Duan, Master Huang, Master Zhang, Master Zhao and Master Ma here quickly.”

He then turned towards Fang Yuan: “Esteemed guest, rock dissection counter is inside, let’s wait there.”

The five old masters at dissecting rocks were resting at the small courtyard behind the rock gambling den. At their levels, they couldn’t be bothered with dissecting normal gambling rocks. Those in charge of dissecting normal rocks were their disciples or some young Gu Masters.

The clerk ran all the way to the courtyard and explained the purpose of his visit.

“Oh, requesting all five of us to go?” The five old masters’ gaze shone with radiance.

“Could it be someone bought those few super grade gambling rocks?” The old masters immediately felt their hands itching.

The clerk shook his head: “It is only some low grade gambling rocks.”

The old masters expressions changed into an unhappy one.

Great Master Duan snorted coldly.

Asking them to dissect low grade gambling rocks was simply an insult and contempt towards their identities.

But the clerk immediately followed: “The person has a very high status and possesses the purple thorn token. So the shopkeeper intentionally asked me to call all five masters!”

“What, purple thorn token?”

“Are you sure?”

“Shang Clan has existed for thousands of years but the number of purple thorn tokens it has given out is mere a few hundred. And now, someone who holds a purple thorn token appears?”

“Quickly, what are you being dazed for?”

The five Gu Masters hurriedly ran out of the courtyard and walked up the platform.

On the work platform, the young rock dissecting masters got a little shock, and quickly greeted them.

The old masters waved their hands and made these juniors get down from the platform.

This scene quickly attracted the bystanders’ attention and soon many gazes were casted here.

The curious nature of people aroused and they began discussing in whispered tones.

“What is going on here?”

“All five masters have appeared together, this is a rarely seen sight.”

“Could it be someone bought a batch of super grade gambling rocks?”

Fang Yuan was accompanied by the shopkeeper and was already before the rock dissection counter with the crowd. However he did not go forward, and just gazed from afar to maintain a low profile. But the five old masters were astute and saw the shopkeeper following a young man like an attendant, how could they still not recognize Fang Yuan’s identity?

However, Fang Yuan remained gazing from afar and did not walk towards the platform.

The five old masters thought: ‘it seems this young master doesn’t want to show off.”

This was also normal.

Many people behaved the same before dissecting rocks because they would have no face if they lost the gamble!

“I have to do this properly and leave behind a deep impression in this esteemed guest, having a connection with someone of higher status would be great.” The five old masters were all scheming in their mind and rubbing their hands, eager to try it out at that thought.

The rocks Fang Yuan chose was delivered by the clerk.

The spectators couldn’t believe their eyes when they saw these rocks.

“What? These are only some low grade rocks!”

“I am not seeing it wrongly, right? These damaged rocks…”

“Making the old masters dissect low grade gambling rocks, this is simply an insult to them.”

But what made them even more surprised and stare with their eyes wide open was the following scene.

The five old masters held these gambling rocks and placed them carefully on the stone platform. Their expressions were very serious as they did this, then they summoned their respective Gu worms and began dissecting the rocks.

Most of the five old masters were at rank two peak stage while great master Duan was the only one in rank three. For a moment, the appearance of different Gu worms stunned the crowd.

“What in the world is going on!”

“Could it be these rocks have a long history behind them and aren’t as simple as they look?”

“I have never seen the five old masters look this cautious and serious.”

 …

On the platform, Gu worms flew about as the five old masters showed off their unique methods.

Great master Duan whose cultivation was the highest was known as a great expert in dissecting rocks in the rock gambling den. He specialised in using acid to dissect rocks. He took out a king-sized bowl then summoned a snake Gu which spurted out acidic liquid into the bowl.

He then carefully put a gambling rock into the acid.

Bubbles continuously formed and popped in the acid.

After quite a while, with his hands covered in a layer of light, he took out the gambling rock which had shrunk by half. He then placed it into another type of acid.

Master Zhang used magnetism to dissect the rocks. His palms faced each other and the gambling rock was put in between them; the gambling rock floated in air and bits of rocks was continually extracted by the power of magnetism.

As for other masters; one called out a frog Gu which used its tongue to lick the gambling rock. Another used fire to roast the rock, and another controlled a small whirlwind to cut down the gambling rock.

The group of young rock dissecting Gu Masters watched from behind the old masters with a stunned gaze.

Why was there a need for such a great fanfare for some low grade gambling rocks? It was simply using an ox-cleaver to carve a chicken or using a talented person for an insignificant task!

‘Could it be the old masters have some hidden intent for doing doing this? It won’t do, I need to observe it properly.’

The results, however, made everyone flabbergasted. After the dissection, these low grade gambling rocks didn’t have anything impressive; it was either solid rock or hollow inside, there was not even a dead Gu.

“What the! I thought there was something special going on.”

“So they were all ordinary low grade rocks.”

“Why were these old masters in such a hurry for? They really wasted my time…”

The surrounding spectators were greatly disappointed and stormed out.

The shopkeeper’s face paled as he heard these remarks. In the past, he would have been really happy if the gamblers didn’t get any Gu worms from the gambling rocks they chose. But now, he really wished he could stuff in some Gu worms inside the rocks.

Purple thorn token holders could not be easily offended!

He cautiously looked at Fang Yuan thinking of something to say to comfort him.

However, Fang Yuan was smiling: “No matter, it seems my luck isn’t good today, so I will stop now. I will come again another time.”

The shopkeeper and the clerk respectfully accompanied Fang Yuan towards the door.

They were even thinking of accompanying him out to the streets, but were stopped by Fang Yuan.

Only after Fang Yuan’s figure disappeared in the street, did the shopkeeper lift up his bent back. He turned towards the clerk and gave a strong knock on his head, scolding him for neglecting an esteemed guest!

The clerk rubbed his head in pain, but did not dare to say anything.

Fang Yuan’s purpose in coming here today was only to probe.

Now, since he found his target, his visit today was already achieved. But he couldn’t directly take the stellar stone out, he would have to take twists and turns.

Fang Yuan needed to dissect the stellar stone to get the Gu, but he didn’t have any ways to dissect it by himself. Collecting a set of specialized rock dissecting Gu worms would be too much of a waste, thus he would have to let the old Gu Masters in the rock gambling den take care of it.

It would only lead to a commotion if the old Gu Masters dissected the rock in front of everybody. And requesting them to secretly dissect the rock by using purple thorn token was also not appropriate and would only create suspicions.

If Fang Yuan got a legendary Gu worm right off the start, it would mean his luck was way too good.

Fang Yuan had no doubts of the huge influence of Shang Clan. With the recent investigation on him Shang Yan Fei probably knew about Fang Yuan winning the mudskin toad in rock gambling in Jia Clan’s caravan.

Winning a mudskin toad on his first gamble and a legendary Gu in his next; a smart man like Shang Yan Fei would definitely be suspicious.

The profits involved in rock gambling was huge; if Shang Yan Fei doubted Fang Yuan had some ways to check if the rocks had Gu worms in them or not, he was bound to be tempted and even make his move.

Fang Yuan had no such methods, but no matter what, some Gu worms on him could never be exposed.

Especially Spring Autumn Cicada.

And on Shang Liang mountain, Shang Yan Fei was not the main threat. The real main threat were the rank six Gu Masters.

Almost all the overlord level forces had rank six Gu Masters behind them.

When a Gu Master reached rank six, they would dwell in deep seclusion and rarely come out; one secluded cultivation could last for dozens of years. It was all because their strength would continue to experience a qualitative change and they had their own problems to take care of.

But it would all change if Spring Autumn Cicada was exposed; these rank six Gu Masters were bound to come charging in.

‘A little impatience can spoil great plans.’

Fang Yuan was cautious by nature, how could he make such big mistakes in these small places?

He would put an end to all risks that could expose Spring Autumn Cicada, even if that meant there was a risk for the stellar stone to be discovered.

According to his previous life’s memories, the probability of the legendary Gu being discovered was infinitesimally small. But even if it was discovered, Fang Yuan had already planned for it and it was better than attracting suspicions on himself and risk the exposure of Spring Autumn Cicada.

“Now, I will stroll around the rock gambling zone for few days and buys some gambling rocks to leave behind an impression on people.”

Fang Yuan continued to scheme while walking back to Nan Qiu garden.

Bai Ning Bing was already back from Feng Yu Manor.

“I have been waiting for you.” She took out the ice crystal Gu and gave to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan used the aura of Spring Autumn Cicada to refine it then threw it back to Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing would help him in cultivation and he would help Bai Ning Bing in refining Gu; this was one of the terms in poison vow.

Bai Ning Bing took the ice crystal Gu and walked to a secret room to refine it.

Fang Yuan also walked to another secret room and began refining a Gu.

The name of the Gu — Eating one’s words.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 278: What naivety! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Starlight shone on the secret room.

Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on his mat and started refining his Gu.

After he parted with Bai Ning Bing, he went to the shop again and bought all that he needed to refine the eating one’s words Gu. Of course, to prevent his secret recipe from being exposed and hide his true intentions, he bought some unnecessary materials as well.

He willed, and summoned a Gu.

This Gu was round like a ball, fist sized and orange in color. The surface was wrinkled and thick, giving an unpleasant feeling at touch.

This was a rank one smelly fart Gu.

Its only use was to emit a foul odor and possessed no attacking power.

However, even though this Gu has little to no use on its own, it was a widely used refinement material.

Fang Yuan injected light silver primeval essence, causing the smelly fart Gu’s body to expand and float in the air.

At the same time, he opened an urn in front of him.

At once, a rotten smell spread on the room.

In this urn, there was rotting swamp mud – black and gooey. This mud was also a widely used refinement material.

“Rice bag, go.” Fang Yuan willed, and a seed flew out of his aperture.

The seed was planted into the mud, and as his primeval sea level fell, dark green vines grew out of the rotten mud.

The vines continued to extend and grow out of the urn; after around 60 centimeters, leaves started to grow on it.

These leaves were bucket shaped. They were small at first, but grew to the size of a bowl quickly.

Fang Yuan peeled the leaf from the top of these buckets, revealing the white delicious rice kernels within.

However, Fang Yuan did not take them out, but poured the rice grains into the rotting mud. He next lowered the smelly fart Gu, and multi-tasked, activating the rice bag grass and smelly fart Gu at the same time.

The smelly fart Gu glowed in an orange light, while the rice bag grass gave off a green light; the two fused together eventually.

The fusion light dimmed, as it went deep into the urn.

The urn vibrated intensely, before finally stopping as a new Gu flew out of it; yellow-brown in color, like a lump of mud, it gave off a slight stench just like faeces.

This was the defecate Gu.

It might look unappealing, but it could cause people to suffer from diarrhoea. Many doctors used it to heal illnesses and for detoxification; this gu was very valuable.

Fang Yuan was calm as always.

Gu existed in all forms and sizes. It could be the pure and holy heavenly essence treasure lotus, the poetic and mysterious Spring Autumn Cicada, the evil and bizarre blood skull Gu. Without a doubt, one that was disgusting in appearance, smell and touch, such as the defecate Gu or smelly fart Gu existed as well.

Refining the rank two defecate Gu was the first step.

Next, Fang Yuan took out the big strength Gu, bought from the shop as well. This could increase a Gu Master’s strength for fifty breaths of time.

Fang Yuan fused the big strength Gu and defecate Gu, successfully refining the big strength defecate Gu.

Although the big strength defecate Gu was rank three, its purpose was the same as the defecate Gu, even looking similar but its effect was three times as strong.

This Gu, however, was much less popular than its rank two counterpart.

Gu worms were not necessarily better as they get higher in rank.

Rank three Gu worms consumed much more food than their lower counterparts, although the big strength defecate Gu was more effective, the same effect could be achieved if one used the defecate Gu multiple times. There were also cases of misdiagnosis, where the big strength defecate Gu was used inappropriately and resulted in a person dying from excessive diarrhoea.

Obtaining the big strength defecate Gu was the second step.

Next, Fang Yuan took out the lion roar Gu.

This Gu looked like a lion head, and once used, it summoned an image of a lion’s head, the size of a stone mill, and unleash the mighty lion’s roar. It was often used to send signals or scare away wild beasts. In battle, when used properly, it could cause the opposing Gu Master to lose their concentration.

Fang Yuan used both the lion roar Gu and big strength defecate Gu.

As a result, a weird scene appeared in the air; a lion head’s image opened its mouth and started to eat the big strength defecate Gu.

But after eating a third of it, the lion roar Gu could not eat anymore, and the image was on the verge of collapsing.

Thereupon, Fang Yuan willed, and summoned a paper crane Gu, also bought from the shop.

This Gu was split into light blue, dark green, pink and several other colors; it was especially used to send letters.

The light blue color paper crane flew towards the lion roar Gu, and was swallowed by lion image.

Doing three things at once!

If outsiders saw this, they would scream out in shock.

It would be impressive if ordinary Gu Masters could do two things at once. But three, few could do it, this was a display of a Gu Master’s extreme talent in refinement.

Many ordinary Gu Masters required the use of Gu worms to be able to multitask.

Fang Yuan used the lion roar Gu, big strength defecate Gu as well as the paper crane Gu using only his own mind.

But to him, this was not talent, rather it was an accumulated experience.

Any skills could be improved with practice. Fang Yuan spent five hundred years, slowly gaining experience, and trained for hundreds of years. From doing a single task at one time, it increased to two, then three, sometimes he could even do four things at once!

Of course, any more and he would need an assistance Gu worm.

After the lion head image swallowed the paper crane Gu, it no longer fizzled, but went back to original.

Fang Yuan continued to will it to eat the big strength defecate Gu.

After another one-third, the same thing happened, as the lion head image fizzled once again.

Fang Yuan was not flustered and calmly called out the second deep green paper crane Gu.

As with before, the lion head image started to become unstable again after it swallowed the entire big strength defecate Gu.

Fang Yuan then used the third pink paper crane Gu.

After swallowing it, the lion head image suddenly shrunk by more than half, and its white body started to glow in light blue, dark green, and pink. At the same time, the lion image started to chant: “Eat shit, eat shit…”

The voice echoed in the room, causing Fang Yuan’s ears to buzz.

He was not afraid of the sound leaking, as it was a special secret room with reinforced walls, isolating any sounds.

He cheered in his heart, this Gu was finally completed!

This was the eating one’s words Gu!

But this eating one’s words Gu could only exist for ten breaths before it destroyed itself.

Fang Yuan did not dare to waste any time, calling the eating one’s words Gu to his side.

As the light blue, deep green, and pink color lights shone on him, Fang Yuan’s body started to produce a faint purple smoke.

“Eat shit, eat shit…”

The smoke trembled and moved about as the lion roared; in two breath’s time, the smoke gathered into the images of two poison vow Gu.

Fang Yuan willed, and the lion head image opened its mouth, swallowing it. As it chewed, the poison vow Gu gave out an indignant cry, but it soon came to a stop.

The lion head image opened its mouth again, swallowing the other poison vow Gu. As it chewed, the poison vow Gu was completely eliminated, not a trace of purple smoke remained on Fang Yuan.

A few breaths later, the lion head image exploded into a three color rain in the air. The light rained down, causing the entire secret room to shine brilliantly.

Fang Yuan stood among the light raindrops, revealing a cold smile as his lips curled up.

Poison vow Gu?

Hehehe… hahaha…

Trying to restrict me with a poison vow Gu, how naive!

However, they could not be blamed. In his previous life, this eating one’s words Gu only appeared two hundred years later.

It originated from a tribe leader in the west desert, only spreading around the world after another few decades. After ten more years, someone finally invented the black and white paper Gu replacing the poison vow Gu; it could not be broken by the eating one’s words Gu.

The eating one’s words Gu lost its effects, but in another few hundred years, the distorting black and white Gu appeared which was able to overrule the power of the black and white paper Gu.

Poison vow Gu, eating one’s words Gu, black and white paper Gu, distorting black and white Gu, this was just a small segment of the struggle between agreements and breaking them. The struggle has been going on since the beginning of time and will continue into the future.

Fang Yuan possessed five hundred years of experience, it was as if he was ahead of the world by five hundred years! It was not hard to overrule the poison vow Gu.

Once the restraints were gone, Fang Yuan felt relaxed. Most importantly, he only removed his side of the vow, thus, Shang Ya Zi and Bai Ning Bing still had the restraints of the poison vow Gu on them.

This way, Fang Yuan held the complete advantage against these two people.

“Shang Ya Zi is narrow-minded, after I extorted him like this, he will definitely take revenge. But I have already planned for that, I shall let him play around for now. As for Bai Ning Bing, now that you are dancing in the palm of my hands, I will make good use of you in the short run, there is no need to fall out yet.”

“These few days, after I gave away half my primeval stones, and bought many Gu, I spent over tens of thousands of primeval stones. Including the banquet treat, Nan Qiu garden’s rental, the expenses at the gambling den, and the food for Gu worms, I have only four hundred and twenty thousand left.”

If one did not have huge worries, they would worry about small things . Thinking about this, Fang Yuan frowned.

He wanted to assemble a set of Gu worms, he might seem wealthy now, but it was not enough.

Rank one Gu worms were around five hundred primeval stones. Rank two were five hundred to a thousand. Rank three ranged from a thousand to ten thousand.

For rank four, it ranged from ten thousand to a hundred thousand. For rank five, it could range from a hundred thousand to a million.

Rank six Gu has never been sold before.

These prices were only for ordinary Gu. Some rare Gu like liquor worm had the price of a rank two Gu although they were rank one.

The relic Gu was even more expensive. Green copper relic Gu was two thousand, red steel relic Gu was eight thousand, white silver relic Gu was fifty thousand, and the yellow gold relic Gu was close to three hundred thousand!

Fang Yuan had four hundred and twenty thousand now, he could not even afford two yellow gold relic Gu.

Relic Gu were natural Gu, they cannot be refined by Gu Masters. In many occasions, not even money could buy them.

“I want to stay here for two-three years, four hundred and twenty thousand won’t even last me for a year. Gu Masters rely on resources to cultivate, the higher the rank, more the expenses. Next, I still have to spend a ton on the gambling den, I need to find a good way to earn money.”

Shang clan city was bustling and competition was intense, but chances were everywhere.

As long as you had the ability, earning money was easy, but without ability, you will get eliminated.

This was another law of nature, filled with cruel competition.

Fang Yuan combined his previous life’s experiences, and his understanding of this life, already having an idea on how to earn primeval stones.

That would be the battle stage.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 279: Attacking just like that?! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Wei Yang was distressed, he had been having a headache for the past few days.

Shang Yan Fei wanted to recruit Fang and Bai, but even after Wei Yang’s probing, the two did not show a hint of interest in joining them.

This was normal.

They were youngsters. Hot-blooded and at the peak of their lives, having grand aspirations and did not want to be under anyone, always thinking that effort was the key to success in this world.

Naive, so very naive.

Wei Yang could understand, he went through this phase in his youth.

Thus, he did not directly recruit Fang and Bai.

Once he made it clear, and got rejected, there would be no way to salvage the situation. Wei Yang was a sly fox, he had already devised a plan to make the two slowly fall into his trap.

He did not think of anything scheming or devious. For something like recruiting talents, the important thing was willingness. If they were forced, it would ruin the entire result.

Especially after Wei Yang had interacted with these two for a few days, he knew they were not the type to give in.

Thus, Wei Yang decided to take it slow as he influenced them gradually, using a righteous method to achieve victory.

For this, he had great confidence.

“What does a Gu Master’s cultivation rely on? Resources! It is easy for righteous Gu Masters, but for demonic Gu Masters… hehe.”

Wei Yang was once a demonic Gu Master, fighting his way out of the battle stage.

He knew the hardships of being a demonic Gu Master.

Gu Master’s cultivation could not steer away from primeval stones, Gu worms, and food to feed them. The higher the cultivation, the greater the need for them.

At the start, Gu Masters could still fulfill this need using their own abilities.

But later, they would find that the resources needed were too huge, and competition got more intense, sometimes they were even unable to procure food for themselves!

When Wei Yang was rank one, he stepped into the battle stage. From rank one to two, then to three, the stronger he got, the weaker he felt.

Like a scholar, the more he learned, the more ignorant he felt about himself. The stronger Wei Yang got, the more he knew how weak he was.

An individual was so weak, only by relying on others, and relying on a clan, could one survive better.

When he realized this, he accepted Shang Yan Fei’s offer.

He had gone through this himself.

“When Fang and Bai learn how weak they are alone, Shang clan’s recruitment will come to fulfilment. But before that, I cannot watch Fang Zheng step into the wrong path, this would expend his youth and effort, and put that great talent he has to waste!”

In Wei Yang’s perspective, Fang Yuan choosing the strength path was a huge mistake.

The hot-bloodedness and ignorance of youth.

Strength path?

From Shang clan battle stage, among those demonic Gu Masters who managed to make it out, which one used strength to dominate? None!

Strength path is one for bottom feeders, it cannot help a Gu Master in succeeding.

Thinking of relying on the strength path to make it big in life? Fat chance!

Nonetheless, things did not advance as he wished.

These days, Wei Yang had approached Fang Yuan and advised him many times, but each time, he was rejected as Fang Yuan kept a firm attitude.

Wei Yang learnt just how stubborn Fang Yuan could be, after failing many times, he went back and considered it carefully, finally deciding on a new method of advising…

This day, he came again.

“Brother Wei, you are advising me to enter the battle stage, and participate in battles?” Fang Yuan showed a confused expression.

“Yes, I relied on the battle stage, cultivating step by step, I will definitely share my good experience with you.” Wei Yang gave a sincere gaze.

Next, he lifted three fingers: “There are three benefits you can gain from entering the battle stage.”

“Firstly, you can earn a fortune. Each battle that you participate in, as long as you win, you can gain primeval stones. The more viewers you get, the more the primeval stones you earn.”

“Secondly, you can gain Gu worms. There is a rule in the battle stage, the winner can choose a Gu from the loser and take it from them.”

“Thirdly, entering the battle stage can train your battle tactics. At the same time, it examines the strength and cooperativeness of your Gu worms. It would help you to make the relevant adjustments.”

Fang Yuan heard Wei Yang’s final sentence, and understood in his heart.

These days, Wei Yang had advised him to give up on the strength path, and change to another path. After failing, he decided to use an indirect method, using the battle stage to let Fang Yuan experience the weakness of the strength path, forcing him to give up on it.

“The cultivation of the strength path was decided after a long and thorough analysis, it has great benefits for my future, how could I change it? But, the battle stage is also part of my plans…”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan nodded, agreeing with Wei Yang.

Wei Yang was joyous: “Back when you fought with me, you only borrowed the use of the battle stage. Shang clan’s battle stage has a refined system, if you want to participate, you will need to sign up for it. Follow me!”

Thus, the two came to fifth inner city’s battle zone.

This was far more crowded than third inner city, as people moved about, all sorts of voices entered Fang Yuan’s ears, and an intense atmosphere assaulted him.

“Did you hear? Li Hao won again, this is this thirteenth consecutive victory, before long, he would be able to rise to fourth inner city.”

“He has rank three cultivation, it is certain that he will enter fourth inner city.”

…

“Did you see Wang Da Han and Ma De Quan’s battle? It was so exciting!”

“Wang Da Han lost to Ma De Quan, losing his most important raindrop Gu, he is nearly crippled.”

…

“Zhao Da Xiong and Zhang Niu’s battle is about to start, go see!”

“These two are both from the strength path, there is nothing nice to watch. We might as well go see the match between Qiao Da and Qiao Er, a battle between brothers.”

…

Wei Yang purposely disguised himself, as he led the way for Fang Yuan, as he said: “You need to have thirty net victories in fifth inner city to advance to fourth inner city. There, you will need eighty net victories to advance to third inner city. What do I mean by net victory? For example, if you won ten battles, and lost two, you would have eight net victories.”

“The battle stage is split into three levels, low level in fifth inner city, middle level in fourth inner city, and high level in third inner city. Little brother, you are a newbie at the battle stage, your wins and losses are both zero. According to the rules, you will have to start at fifth inner city.”

“Don’t be anxious yet, the way I look at it, you should be able to quickly rise to middle level. As for high level, it might take quite some effort, but it should still be quite fast. A year or two would do.” Wei Yang patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders and said.

He acknowledged Fang Yuan’s battle talent, but the strength path only dominated the middle and lower levels, once he got to the high level battle stage, where experts roamed, the strength path’s weakness would gradually show, being greatly suppressed by other paths.

Under Wei Yang’s lead, the two came to a grand hall.

In the hall, there was a great number of Gu Masters requesting battles or checking battle details.

Some were here to participate, some were here to watch battles, and there were even some here to set up their betting business.

Wei Yang did not squeeze with them, but pushed open a small door.

There was a narrow walkway behind the door, and two Gu Masters guarded it.

One of the Gu Masters came forward, saying to Wei Yang and Fang Yuan: “This is a special reception, unauthorised people are not allowed to enter.”

Wei Yang displayed his clan elder token, and the two quickly cupped their fists and gave way.

After crossing the tunnel, it was another hall, with four reception tables.

Three of the tables had guests already.

This place was much quieter than the grand hall.

Fang Yuan used Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s name to sign up. After paying five hundred primeval stones, he obtained a vine information Gu.

This Gu was like a long vine, having many large jade green leaves.

It was a rank one Gu, storing some of Fang Yuan’s information inside.

This Gu was not bought by Fang Yuan but rented to him by Shang clan city. Fang Yuan was in charge of feeding it, but he could not alter the information inside, only Shang clan could.

Of course, it was not hard to hack the rank one vine information Gu, but Shang clan had a backup copy of the information, and with everyone’s watchful gaze, situations where the information was fake rarely happened.

“There are not many rules in the battle stage, there is a high degree of freedom. If you wish to battle, come here to sign up, Shang clan will assign you an opponent. They can be stronger or weaker than you, but you can also designate the opponent you want, although they will have to agree. Once a month, an individual has one chance to challenge another person, where they are not allowed to reject.”

“Moreover, there is also a restriction in the number of battles in the battle stage. A person can only issue one challenge a day. Every ten days, you have to participate in at least one battle or we will remove one win from you. If your overall losses reach five, your qualification will be revoked. If you want to participate again, you will need to sign up again. Now, are you interested in taking part, and trying it out?” Wei Yang smiled.

Fang Yuan nodded.

This was the special reception, the efficiency of the receptionists was high, Fang Yuan was quickly assigned an opponent: “The time is 1:30pm, the location is at number five battle stage, the terrain is grassland.”

There were only about seven minutes till the start of the battle.

Wei Yang brought Fang Yuan over to number five battle stage, his opponent was already waiting inside.

He was a young man, tall and skinny, an ordinary appearance and wore a green shirt.

Seeing Fang Yuan enter the stage, joy flashed across his eyes.

Looking at Fang Yuan, he was just a youngster, how high could his cultivation be?

Looking at himself, he had recently advanced to rank two middle stage, this was his first battle since coming out of closed cultivation, it was a good sign.

Fang Yuan entered the field, number five battle stage was a middle stage battlefield, more than twice as large as the previous flagstone stage they had fought in before.

The battlefield was covered in grass, Fang Yuan stepped on the ground with his boots, feeling the soft loamy soil underneath.

There were only two to three people watching, including the disguised Wei Yang.

Watching battles required primeval stones, Fang Yuan was a nobody. His opponent Tang Qing was slightly famous, but after his closed cultivation, the little attention he received previously vanished completely.

Clang!

The bells rang loudly, signifying the start of the battle.

“My name is Tang Qing.” The young man was a gentleman, cupping his fists towards Fang Yuan.

Jumping grass.

Fang Yuan willed, stepping hard and bursting forth.

“What the f*ck, attacking like that?!” Tang Qing was taken aback, not expecting this youngster to be so shameless, sneak attacking in public.

He completely ignored the formalities!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 280: Sword Shadow Gu (Two chapters in one) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

No sooner said than done!

Fang Yuan moved like lightning, pouncing on Tang Qing.

Pew!

A strong wind blew. Tang Qing only saw darkness in front of him, and before he was able to react, Fang Yuan’s fist hit his chest.

At once, Tang Qing could feel an intense pain assaulting him, almost causing him to faint on the spot.

His ears could only hear the sound of winds brushing by, as his vision rolled back; he was sent flying by Fang Yuan’s frontal assault.

When he landed, his head spun. He saw grass, then the railings of the battle stage, then his face rubbed against the dirt. As he flipped and rolled, the grass was uprooted by the friction, causing the black soil to be exposed.

His body was covered in grass and soil, the smell from the juices of the grass, the soil and fresh blood mixed together and entered his nose.

He laid on the ground, dazed. After rolling and tumbling for so long, he felt his entire body hurting.

But this feeling, was nothing compared to the intense pain on his chest!

He lowered his head to look at his chest, and breathed in cold air.

Only to see that the left side of his chest had caved in by two inches, his skin was torn and flesh was exposed, his pale rib cage could be seen, broken.

A stream of fresh blood poured out like a fountain.

Fang Yuan had great strength, and also attacked suddenly, causing Tang Qing to be severely injured.

Tang Qing stared with wide opened eyes, after the shock, hatred burst out of his heart like burning magma.

“This rascal, unscrupulous and shameless, attacking me by surprise! Causing me to be severely injured, I want to kill him, I want to tear him into pieces!”

“Go die!” Just at this moment, Tang Qing heard Fang Yuan’s growls.

Fang Yuan took a few steps to arrive before Tang Qing, he raised his leg and stepped harshly at the area between Tang Qing’s legs.

Tang Qing felt his vision blurring, and squinted. Fang Yuan activated the canopy Gu, and his body was covered by a white armor. Tang Qing’s heart trembled.

A rank three Gu Master!

Fang Yuan had first used the breath concealment Gu, but now that he attacked, he could no longer conceal his rank three aura.

The truth directly sent Tang Qing’s soul flying beyond the horizon. Such a young rank three Gu Master?!

He subconsciously activated his defense Gu, as a gust of green wind surrounded his body.

Fang Yuan had stored a lot of energy into this kick, it was supposed to smash Tang Qing’s lower body part into paste. But because of the wind, the impact was greatly reduced.

“Ah!” Tang Qing opened his mouth, his face contorted as he screamed out in utter anguish.

Even with a defensive Gu, the damage he suffered was like a lightning strike, his body automatically bounced up as he sat on the ground, using both arms to shield his pants.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light, his left hand gathered into a fist and punched.

He used all his strength for this punch.

The force tore through the winds!

Bam!

A fist covered in white light landed heavily on Tang Qing’s face.

Tang Qing’s screams came to a stop, as he rapidly fell backwards, his head hitting against the ground.

Motionless, and not breathing.

A fatal blow!

His entire nose caved into his face, his eye bulged out as more than half of his eyeballs were outside the socket, and his skull was completely smashed.

Blood flowed down slowly, dying the soil and grass red.

Fang Yuan stood upright and looked down at the corpse, as the scene froze.

After a few breath’s time, screams erupted from the surroundings.

“Dead… he died!”

“Someone was beaten to death!”

The two to three Gu Masters watching were tongue-tied. Even Wei Yang showed a peculiar expression.

Although there were many battles in the battle stage, there were few deaths.

Firstly, the battle stage allowed surrendering. Secondly, the Gu Master overlooking the battle can often stop the fatal attack in time. Thirdly, competitors tend to control themselves, after all, they were all trying to make a living in the battle stage, they would have to interact with one another quite often. Although they might argue over benefits, they would not try to take the other person’s life.

There was two reasons why Fang Yuan could kill Tang Qing.

Firstly, he had just come out of cultivation, and his battle instincts were dull. If it was during a normal period, he would have used his defensive Gu from the start, not getting into such a state.

Secondly, Fang Yuan looked way too young, and used the breath concealment Gu to hide his cultivation, causing Tang Qing to relax. Before he could react, Fang Yuan launched a sneak attack, with the first blow severely injured Tang Qing, and his next two attacks were lightning fast, before the Gu Master taking care of the stage reacted, Tang Qing was already dead.

The Gu Master hosting the battle rapidly came over.

But when he saw Tang Qing’s concaved face, and the brain matter and blood oozing out from the cracks of his skull, he gave up on trying to save him.

“Youngster, you were too much!” He stared at Fang Yuan, speaking with an unhappy tone.

Although the battle was short, he had observed the entire thing. Fang Yuan had control of the situation, he could have gone easy on Tang Qing and spared his life, but he did not.

Fang Yuan shrugged: “It is just a life, why are you freaking out. According to the battle stage rules, I killed him, so all his possessions are now mine, right?”

The battle stage host Gu Master snorted: “All his things are yours, but we have to take back the vine information Gu. Young man, I have to remind you, you do not respect life at all, that is a dangerous thought!”

“I am really sorry.” Wei Yang walked over apologetically, then turned around: “This little brother of mine have been roaming outside, this is the first time he is participating in the battle stage.”

The Gu Master did not recognise Wei Yang, showing disgust on his face: “Hmph, you demonic Gu Masters are all like this, such an aggressive nature and enjoy killing and slaughtering. Nevermind, I can’t get through to you, pass me your vine information Gu.”

Fang Yuan took out the vine information Gu, and the host Gu Master edited the information inside, and returned it to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan inspected the Gu, and his zero wins record had become one.

He next searched Tang Qing’s corpse, obtaining four Gu. Three rank two and one rank one, they were ordinary Gu worms, the total value was around two thousand primeval stones.

Tang Qing died very abruptly, causing him to have no time to self-detonate his Gu worms.

And he had just come out of closed cultivation, there was only twenty to thirty primeval stones on him.

“Brother Fang Zheng, try to avoid killing in the future.” After they left the battle stage, Wei Yang advised Fang Yuan.

“Even though there is no rules to prevent killing in the battle stage…” Wei Yang shook his head: “There is no need to fight to the death in every round. Although the battle zone might be huge, you are bound to encounter an opponent stronger than you eventually. We interact with each other more than you think, after all, we all live in Shang clan city. When it is possible to spare a life, one should show mercy.”

Fang Yuan frowned slightly: “But if I let someone off, they might not let me off. I have encountered demonic Gu Masters in the past, attacking without a second word. If I do not strike, I will be assaulted. My experiences tell me to kill when I can, otherwise, I am breeding threats for myself, I cannot give my enemies a chance! Precisely because of this, I am able to live till today.”

Wei Yang was caught speechless.

He suddenly thought, wasn’t this Fang Yuan acting just like him in the past? Ruthless and savage, not trusting anyone, it all boils down to having no sense of security.

Demonic Gu Masters had little to no sense of security.

They were different from righteous Gu Masters who had their clans to rely on, clansmen to help them, safely getting resources, it gave them a sense of security and trust in each other.

Demonic Gu Masters were mostly lone cultivators, receiving no support from anyone, even primeval stones and food have to be acquired by themselves. Many times, they eat one meal without the next, unable to fend for themselves, how could they feel safe?

To ensure their survival, they could only take risks and attack people to loot them. Demonic Gu Masters were often alone, they did not dare to attack righteous groups, thus they can only lay their claws on other demonic Gu Masters.

Thus, it leads to a vicious cycle. Demonic Gu Masters do not trust each other, often attacking on sight.

They had no sense of security, thus their attacks were more ruthless.

Wei Yang converted from demonic to righteous, his rich life experience gave him a deep understanding of both factions, more than any ordinary person.

Why is it that the righteous faction flourished, and the demonic faction have to be suppressed?

It was due to this.

Fang Yuan’s ruthless acts were completely understandable to Wei Yang. And because he understood, his heart went out to Fang Yuan.

“Although he is rank three cultivation, and has rich battle senses, he is still a kid. Sigh, looking at his attacks, I can tell how much hardship he has been through. Come to think of it, if he spared his opponent, wouldn’t that be more strange?”

“He did not spare his opponent, just like other demonic Gu Masters who initially entered the battle stage. I was like that too, wasn’t I? Nevermind, as time passes, he will slowly change. This change is gradual and subtle, I cannot forcefully influence him.”

Thinking so, Wei Yang stopped his nagging, and changed topic to the battle earlier.

“Little brother Fang Zheng, you said earlier that you have used several Gu to modify your body, and increase your strength. Just how many did you use?”

“Since brother Wei is asking, I shall answer to the best of my ability. I used three, black and white boar Gu, crocodile strength Gu, and currently, the brown bear innate strength Gu that I just bought.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.

“Hehehe, black and white boar Gu gave you the strength of two boars, crocodile strength Gu gave you the strength of a crocodile. But brother, have you thought about it, if a boar charged at you, what injuries would you sustain?” Wei Yang spoke with an enlightening tone.

Fang Yuan knew Wei Yang’s intentions, thus he cooperated, saying: “If he does not defend, how can a mortal body take the hit of a wild boar? His stomach will tear and it would be a gruesome sight.”

Wei Yang’s smile widened: “Then if you place that person’s head in a crocodile’s mouth, and the crocodile bites, what would happen?”

“The head would burst like a watermelon.” Fang Yuan replied.

Wei Yang next asked: “You have the strength of two boars, one crocodile and your own strength. Your first punch however, only made a dent in his chest, and broke a few ribs. Your third punch landed on his face, but only cracked his skull, what does that say?”

But before Fang Yuan replied, he continued: “Punches and kicks can only unleash a portion of the strength in a person’s body. Although you have two boars and one crocodile’s strength, how many percent can you use? The greatest weakness of the strength path lies here! A person’s strength is like a huge vat, filled with water, but when you battle, you can only use a portion of that water.”

“Black and white boar Gu, crocodile strength Gu, brown bear innate strength Gu, these can permanently increase strength, but are expensive Gu. You invested so much money, yet only getting a portion of the results, sometimes not even ten percent. If you invest your money elsewhere, you can gain much greater effect.”

“I see, brother Wei is saying all these to make me give up on the strength path.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly, like he finally understood what was happening.

“I understand that logic, the human body has a different structure from wild beasts, we can hardly display their true strength. But using Gu also depends on being one with them, I’ve heard of many strength path Gu Masters who managed to unleash the beast phantom, displaying the full power of the Gu worm.”

“Hehehe, there is such a thing indeed. When I was still in the battle stage, I met many strength path Gu Masters. As their proficiency in the Gu increases, sometimes, the beast phantom appears in battle and they can use the full strength of the Gu, it is very threatening. But you do not know, the number of times this happens is too few. Moreover, the attack method is very rigid, only when using a specific attack style can the beast phantom be summoned, it is easy to evade.” Wei Yang continued to advise painstakingly.

Fang Yuan pondered for a moment, he had the exact thought, but that is also why he needed that legendary Gu.

What came out of his mouth was: “Brother Wei, I appreciate your concern, but the strength path is my choice, I want to see it till the end.”

“Sigh, then go ahead with it.” Wei Yang sighed, seeing Fang Yuan being so obstinate, he could not force him.

Thankfully, Fang Yuan had already joined the battle stage, Wei Yang thought: What happens next should change Fang Yuan’s mind.

Fang Yuan had to stay in Shang clan city for a few more years, there was a lot of time left, Wei Yang was not anxious.

Soon, half a month passed.

In the gambling den, the shopkeeper bent his back, standing beside Fang Yuan, smiling.

“Brother Wei, want to pick a few rocks to play? We might get something good. I’ll treat you to a few!” Fang Yuan smiled and said.

Wei Yang stood beside Fang Yuan, shaking his head: “Today is the day Tang Xiong forcefully challenges you, to think the Tang Qing you killed was his brother. Fang Zheng, you should be vigilant, in order to take revenge, Tang Xiong purposely fell from fourth inner city to fifth. He has a small fame, able to use the strength of three bears, he is coming with vengeance.”

Although he said so, he was not worried, but instead, looking forward to it secretly.

These days, Fang Yuan won another match, thus this would be his third match.

Wei Yang was hoping this Tang Xiong would ‘awaken’ Fang Yuan, and cause him to abandon the strength path, changing to another style.

“I will deal with it when it comes, what is there to worry about. If brother Wei is not going to choose, I’m going to. I have already seen several good rocks.” Fang Yuan’s eyes glowed as he picked a few gambling rocks.

The shopkeeper instructed his clerks to carefully select the gambling rocks and bring them out.

“Eh?” Fang Yuan said, pointing to a leg of the counter: “This rock supporting the leg seems to be a stellar stone?”

The shopkeeper was stunned, but quickly replied: “Esteemed customer sure has amazing eyes. This rock was placed there a few years ago by me. The counter leg was damaged by a gambler’s kicking, so I picked a squarish stellar stone and used it to fill in the gap.”

Fang Yuan frowned: “Rocks are meant for gambling, how can you use it like that? You’re truly burying the rock’s potential! Today, for my last piece, I shall choose that.”

“Yes, yes, yes, esteemed customer is right!” The shopkeeper nodded rapidly, but he felt indifferent in his heart.

The grade of the stellar stone was very important, arrow or shooting star shaped ones were the best. This rock was obviously a useless one, no one asked for it when it was on the counter, so the shopkeeper used it to balance the counter instead.

The clerks worked together, pulling out the stellar stone from the counter leg, then placing it together with the other rocks to send it for dissection.

At the dissection counter, a few young dissection masters were opening rocks for a middle aged Gu Master, moving delicately and slowly.

Wei Yang did not approve of Fang Yuan gambling rocks. Seeing him pick this rock, he shook his head secretly. Even if he was not a gambler, he knew the importance of grades. Fang Yuan’s final rock was completely chosen at random, even he could not stand it. Fang Yuan had been spending the last few days at the gambling den, spending primeval stones, but did not get much rewards out of it.

Sometimes he got a few Gu, but they were rank one or two, or even corpses and carcasses.

In Wei Yang’s heart, Fang Yuan was purely wasting his money, but he did not say anything against it. The less primeval stones Fang Yuan had, the more he needed to rely on Shang clan, that was something he wanted to see.

Fang Yuan was excited in his heart but kept a calm expression, staring at the dissection counter in anticipation.

These days, he had been roaming around the gambling dens, purposely choosing some bad rocks to leave an impression.

Although he had controlled himself, and only played small, the gambling rocks were like an endless abyss, in less than a month, he lost over a hundred thousand primeval stones.

But thinking about the legendary Gu he was about to receive, not only a hundred thousand, even five hundred thousand was worth it.

Although this legendary Gu was rank three, its effect was simply amazing, and it was nearly extinct.

Most likely, this was the last one in this world.

Wei Yang frowned: “Mind the time, you have to rush to the battle stage later, shopkeeper, can the dissection be faster?”

“Of course, of course.” The shopkeeper recognised Wei Yang the external clan elder, and quickly nodded.

He ran to the dissection counter, waving his hand, saying to the young dissection masters: “Go, go, go.”

He sent those dissection masters away, to one side.

“My rocks…” The middle aged Gu Master cried out.

Rock dissecting was a meticulous process, once they got interrupted, the young dissection masters flustered and caused a few of the rocks to be destroyed.

“Li Ran, stop screaming, we will return you your primeval stones.” The shopkeeper shouted.

The middle aged Gu Master with a messy beard stared with wide opened eyes, saying indignantly: “What if there was a Gu inside?”

The shopkeeper laughed in disdain, waving his hand at the middle aged Gu Master: “Come on Li Ran, you have been gambling for so many years, you only choose low grade rocks, when have you ever gotten anything good? Stop making a din, or you will lose your compensation!”

” Spit , such a large shops bullying customers, you are looking down on me, one day, I will make it big in life!” The middle aged Gu Master muttered, his tone furious but did not continue making a din.

“Li Ran…” This name made Fang Yuan recall a certain memory.

He could not help but show a weird expression.

This Li Ran, was that person who obtained the legendary Gu. Of course, they might have the same name…

But no matter what, Li Ran’s one chance at success was snatched by Fang Yuan.

The five old masters took the stage, starting to dissect the rocks.

The younger masters were speechless, these seniors were using all sorts of flashy methods. Many rocks were easy to dissect, only requiring little primeval essence, but they had to use their full force, and cause their primeval essence to be greatly expended, using many steps only to raise the success rate by a meagre percent.

More than ten rocks, including scrap grade, low grade and middle grade were quickly opened.

“There is a Gu, the sword shadow Gu!”

“Rank three sword shadow Gu, so rare…”

“A living Gu, it is definitely alive, congratulations esteemed customer.”

The old masters cupped their fists at Fang Yuan, sighing in relief.

Fang Yuan had been gambling these few days, but did not get any rewards. It caused these old masters to feel uneasy.

The shopkeeper ran over, looking joyous: “Esteemed customer, you have earned a lot! The sword shadow Gu can be sold for thirty two thousand primeval stones, but you only spent eight thousand!”

The surrounding people were envious of Fang Yuan, and that Li Ran even pouted, saying sourly: “Hmph, you just got lucky.”

“That’s good brother, the sword shadow Gu is at the same level as my broadsword light Gu. I advise you not to sell it but use it yourself.” Wei Yang congratulated.

“Hehehe, the light at the end of the tunnel, I said my luck was not so bad.” Fang Yuan laughed: “Brother Wei, after today’s match ends, I will treat you to a drink, let’s celebrate.”

Wei Yang nodded, not rejecting it. He did not know that although Fang Yuan was cheerful on the outside, his heart was in complete shock at the moment!

The sword shadow Gu was an accident, it was not his goal.

That stellar stone supporting the counter had no Gu inside after dissecting it, it was a useless rock!

How can this be?

Where is that legendary Gu?!

At once, Fang Yuan’s mind was flashing with questions as his heart stirred.

Numerous suspicions popped up in his mind.

How can this happen?!

Wasn’t the legendary Gu hidden in this stellar stone?

If it is not this stone, where can it be? Or maybe it was not this rock, or not this gambling den?

Or maybe the rumors were false? Where am I supposed to find that legendary Gu now?

Things had progressed way out of Fang Yuan’s expectations. The Gu that he thought was easily obtainable had gone missing, and the sword shadow Gu he had obtained out of luck was not enough to recoup his losses these few days.

“If there is no legendary Gu, my efforts would have been in vain. Damn it, how can this happen? There might be an error in the rumors, but rumors travel far and wide, there has to be a basis for it. Especially when this detail was so specific, there was nothing that deviated from the rumors, but why is it…”

Fang Yuan gritted his teeth secretly.

Without this legendary Gu, his strength path cultivation would be gone like smoke.

“Do I really need to change my cultivation direction? But if I do that, the three kings inheritance would be greatly affected!”

The result of the rock dissection greatly affect Fang Yuan’s plans. But he did not know what the problem was, or what went wrong.

The rumors had been shrouded in a deep mysterious fog.

“It is almost time, we should head to the battle stage.” At this time, Wei Yang reminded.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 281: Bear Strength Phantom 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

When Fang Yuan stepped into the battle stage, all the random thoughts were cast out of his head.

He calmly sized up the opponent in front of him.

Tang Xiong.

He was eight feet tall, wide shoulders and a thick waist. Just his arms alone were as thick as Fang Yuan’s thighs, as he stood on the stage without an upper garment or shoes.

His chest was filled with black chest hair, giving off a wild and formidable aura.

“Little scoundrel, you killed my little brother? Today, I shall send you to accompany him in the afterlife!” Tang Xiong looked at Fang Yuan with bloodshot eyes, the flames of hatred could be clearly seen.

The surrounding temperature was burning as if it was the torrid afternoon heat of July or August.

The ground was boiling hot; black and red mixed together to form the lava terrain.

This was a mid-scale battle stage. There were only few spectators about dozens, most of them came to watch how Tang Xiong took revenge.

As for Fang Yuan, he might have obtained two victories but it still wasn’t enough for him to be famous.

“Tang brothers grew up relying on each other; now Tang Qing is dead and only Tang Xiong remains.”

“Hehe, I am waiting to see how Tang Xiong tortures this kid to death.”

“Eh, what is this kid’s name?”

“I think he was called Gu Yue Fang Zheng, a no-name junior.”

“This kid is too thoughtless, he actually dared to break the unsaid rules and kill his first two opponents.”

“He should be a demonic Gu Master who had only recently entered the city…”

“Alas, the young do not know to conduct themselves. This day wouldn’t have come if he had shown mercy.”

The audience continued talking about the match, but no one was optimistic about Fang Yuan.

Wei Yang was in a disguise and was looking at the battle stage with a burning gaze. Tang Xiong also walked the strength path, he was a rank two peak stage expert but could unleash with the strength of three bears and even won his way through to fourth inner city. He was a strong opponent for the current Fang Yuan.

Ding!

A clear ring of the bell announced the start of the match.

Tang Xiong roared and charged straight at Fang Yuan like a wild bull.

The ground of this battle stage was made of dark red lava rocks. Fang Yuan could feel the scalding heat from the ground even though he was wearing boots. While Tang Xiong was barefooted, he did not pay any attention to the heat.

Tum tum tum.

Every time Tang Xiong’s feet stepped on the ground, it produced a loud and deep sound. At the same time, his every step shattered the lava rocks and left a deep footprint in the ground.

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, his gaze as sharp as a blade’s edge!

He was at ease despite Tang Xiong’s aggressive momentum; the corner of his lips curled up into a cold smile as he outrageously charged at Tang Xiong head-on.

“Has he gone crazy?”

“He dares to face Tang Xiong head-on?”

“He could have had a chance to survive if he prolonged the match, this is simply charging towards his doom.”

The audience shook their heads as they looked at this scene.

Fang Yuan was young, his body was not even half as muscular as Tang Xiong’s. The scene of him charging at Tang Xiong was like a lamb colliding with a big ox.

Bam!

The two fiercely collided against each other, the enormous strength sent both of them flying.

Tang Xiong was thrown back six steps, as a clearly shocked expression showed on his face. ‘How could this kid have such huge great strength?’

Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was thrown back three steps, as the white light armor protecting his body shook.

The result of the collision amazed the audience.

Some had their jaws wide open and some repeatedly blinked their eyes, not having expected Fang Yuan to possess such strength.

“My strength is actually less than his? No wonder little brother died at his hands!” Tang Xiong’s expression changed, and looked at Fang Yuan properly for the first time.

Fang Yuan shook his numb arm, his expression was still indifferent; this result wasn’t beyond his expectation.

He possessed the strength of two boars and a crocodile, there was also some increase to his strength due to using brown bear innate strength Gu these days. And Tang Xiong, he only possessed the strength of two bears.

Grand bear Gu!

Tang Xiong roared, the muscles on his body expanded visibly and his body size grew by a fold; he temporarily gained the strength of a bear.

Bear palm Gu!

A ball of yellow light covered his palms and soles. After the light dispersed, his hands and feet increased in size by over three times; turning into thick and enormous bear palms.

Whooshh!

He jumped with ferocious strength, next, he waved his right palm smashing at Fang Yuan.

The strong wind produced from his motion sent Fang Yuan’s clothes fluttering before the bear palm even hit him.

Fang Yuan was still calm, he clenched his left palm into a fist and struck directly at the bear palm.

Fist and palm struck, producing a muffled sound. It was a draw.

However, following immediately, Tang Xiong’s arm swept horizontally and another palm also came smashing over.

Fang Yuan used offence against offence; bang bang bang, fists and palms struck each other multiple times, the wind was screaming from their attacks.

The audience revealed astonished expressions when they saw Fang Yuan equally matched as he attacked Tang Xiong head-on.

‘This youngster has some skills to be able to duke it out with Tang Xiong!”

“What was his name again?”

“This is a tough nut, Tang Xiong is in trouble. Grand bear Gu has a time limit, and once the effect disappears, he will be disadvantaged.”

However, right at this moment!

A fierce bear’s roar resounded throughout the battle stage.

A phantom image of a black bear appeared behind Tang Xiong; it opened its bloody mouth and roared towards the skies.

Beast Phantom!

Tang Xiong got lucky and was able to unleash the beast phantom.

The smack that should have been extremely normal, now had the strength of a bear!

Fang Yuan could not dodge in time and hurriedly put up his arms to stiffly block it.

Boom.

With a huge bang, he was sent flying, the white light armor on his body flickered rapidly before dimming.

His arms were numb and would not be usable for some time.

He did his best to maintain his balance in midair; he twisted his waist and landed on the ground on his feet.

The moment he landed, he activated the canopy Gu; the white light armor appeared once more, but this time it looked weak and transparent, its defense had decreased by a lot.

“That is a bear strength phantom, Tang Xiong has flared up!”

“Bear strength specializes in smacking, it is normal for the bear strength phantom to appear since Tang Xiong has already attacked so many times.”

“The situation was still in deadlock, but with the bear strength phantom, that kid’s momentum is destroyed. Tang Xiong holds the upper hand now.”

“According to the previous statistics, Tang Xiong can use the bear strength phantom five times on average in every fight. If that kid has no way to deal with it, he will definitely be defeated.”

Outside the battle stage, the audience kept on making a commotion with their comments.

The appearance of a bear strength phantom meant the true battle was starting, and it roused the audience’s passion.

“I have the strength of two boars and a crocodile; boar strength is good at charging attacks and crocodile strength is good at bite attacks, but I have yet to acquire the bear strength. I can’t bring out the beast phantom by using my fists or palms, moreover the canopy Gu is not good at defending against close combat attacks, and will likely be destroyed by one or two more attacks from the bear strength phantom.”

Fang Yuan’s thoughts flashed through and he decided to change his battle tactics.

Jumping grass.

He willed, and a spring like grass soon grew out from his soles then pierced through his boots.

Just as Tang Xiong was charging at him, Fang Yuan stamped on the ground and leapt far away like a frog.

At the same time, his left palm swiped at Tang Xiong’s direction.

A scarlet colored moonblade immediately shot out of his palms and struck Tang Xiong; the defensive light on his body flickered for a while.

Blood moon Gu might not have high offensive power, but it was a rank three Gu after all.

Tang Xiong was distracted for a moment before he pounced upon Fang Yuan again.

Fang Yuan used the same trick again, throwing scarlet moonblades from afar; he had changed his battle tactics and didn’t engage Tang Xiong in close combat.

Tang Xiong had no choice but to use his movement Gu and chase after Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan kept on attacking and retreating. It was not that Tang Xiong didn’t have long range attacking methods, but they were many times weaker than his close combat power and simply could not threaten Fang Yuan.

Tang Xiong growled repeatedly in anger, and tried to provoke Fang Yuan by cursing at him; the audience also made booing noises since they wanted to see intense close combat.

However, how could Fang Yuan be so easily provoked?

He did not have a complete set of Gu worms and had yet to make close combat his forte. Even the long range attacks were forcefully improvised by him.

Time passed by, both their primeval essences continually fell.

Fang Yuan’s advantage became clearer; he possessed light silver primeval essence of rank three initial stage, while Tang Xiong only had B grade aptitude and red steel primeval essence.

Despite the strength path Gu Masters’ advantage in consuming very little primeval essence, they could not last forever.

By the time Fang Yuan’s blood moon Gu made five to six wounds on Tang Xiong’s body, the latter had no choice but to admit defeat since his healing Gu was not very good and blood kept on flowing out of the wounds.

“Just wait, one day, I will smack you into minced meat!” Tang Xiong covered his wounds and walked out of the stage.

He came with the aggressiveness of the devil but was leaving with a pale face, his steps light and weak.

“To think fourth inner city’s Tang Xiong was defeated!”

“What is that Gu? It could form blood red moonblades and blood kept on flowing out of the wounds it inflicted, I have never seen such a Gu before.”

“This kid is not one to trifle with, he will advance to fourth inner city’s battle stage before long.”

Winner takes it all; most of the audience focused on Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan received his third victory, and according to the rules, he took that grand bear Gu from Tang Xiong.

This was the most valuable Gu in Tang Xiong’s possession. With this Gu gone, Tang Xion only possessed the strength of two bears, his battle strength decreased by thirty percent and there was no need to worry about him now.

However, Fang Yuan was not happy.

The legendary Gu was not in the stellar stone used as a leg support, then where was it?

Was there another piece of stone used as a leg support?

However, when Fang Yuan went back to the gambling den, the foot of that counter was already restored.

Maybe, it was not that gambling den?

Fang Yuan inwardly shook at the thought; stellar stone used to support counter in the rock gambling zone, only this gambling den fulfilled this condition.

“Without the legendary Gu, I won’t have any advantage in walking on the strength path. Strength path had prevailed since ancient times, but now it is just a shadow of its previous glory. If I want to walk on the strength path without the legendary Gu, at the very least I will need an ancient strength path inheritance. Unfortunately, I only have memories of three ancient strength path inheritance, of which one is at Eastern Seas and another at Central Continent.”

“The third one is at Southern Border, but has already been occupied and exploited by Wu Clan for several years now. Now that I recall it, even Empress Wu Ji of Wu Clan walked the strength path. And because of this ancient inheritance, the Wu Clan was able to sit on the throne of Southern Border’s number one force.”

Of course, this throne was only referring to the mortal realm. Rank six Gu immortals were at a level that crossed the ordinary and could not be calculated in this.

Fang Yuan continued to secretly investigate the next seven to eight days without any results.

“Sigh, only one clue remains now, I can only give up if that doesn’t work.” Fang Yuan thought, he was not someone who would waste time on an unsolvable problem.

This final clue was Li Ran — the protagonist who obtained the legendary Gu in Fang Yuan’s previous life.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 282: A flash of inspiration Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Although Fang Yuan had the purple thorn token, he did not dare to investigate this openly.

But in his memory, Li Ran also participated in the battle stage. After obtaining the legendary Gu, he won his way up and swept the battle stage.

This made it easier.

Fang Yuan still had the once per month enforced challenge unused, thus, he came to the secret reception area using it.

There were three people who were named Li Ran among the ones who had signed up.

Two males and one female.

Eliminating the female since Li Ran was a male in the rumors.

The remaining two, one was an old man around sixty years old, slightly famous. With rank three cultivation, he had gone up to third inner city’s battle stage a few years ago, but his body was getting worse as the years went, falling back to fourth inner city eventually. This was obviously not the Li Ran Fang Yuan wanted to find either, since Li Ran in his memories had a tough life.

The other is a middle aged man, over fifty years old. With rank two cultivation, he had arrived in Shang clan city for around ten years, but had remained at the fifth inner city battle stage. He loved gambling, and lived a difficult life. He had married and bore children in Shang clan city, but the couple did not get along and separated.

Fang Yuan secretly investigated, and found that this person was the one he saw at the gambling den.

Tailing him for several days, Fang Yuan found that this Li Ran lived from day to day, sometimes, after eating today, he could not afford food the next day.

But this did not mean he had no capabilities.

He relied on the primeval stones he earned in fifth inner city battle stage to survive.

Fang Yuan investigated his battle records, he won more than he lost.

According to logic, he should not be living such a life. But this person loved to eat, gamble and visit prostitutes, he spent his money without restraint. In order to gamble, he would even use all the primeval stones he has, such that for the next half a month, he would have to borrow money from people, and eat the cheapest food possible to survive.

Similarly, in order to have a feast, he would go to the highest grade restaurant, and spend most of the money he had. He even ate without paying, and still owed several restaurants money now.

“This person must be the owner of the legendary Gu in my previous life. But he could not control his desires, thus even with the legendary Gu, what could he do? No wonder he was like a shooting star, going missing soon after his fame.” Fang Yuan shook his head secretly.

“He obtained the legendary Gu in my previous life, would he get it again now? It is not possible for me to continue tailing him for long. The day where he finds the legendary Gu is nearing. Am I truly not fated to receive this Gu?” Fang Yuan frowned.

These days, Fang Yuan spent a lot of time and effort in tailing Li Ran. If he spent this time on cultivating, he might achieve greater success.

Most importantly, Fang Yuan had no confidence of whether he would gain anything from doing this.

And if he continued, he might get found out. Thankfully, Wei Yang was a busy man, only coming over to watch when Fang Yuan had a battle, if not, Fang Yuan would not have the opportunity to tail Li Ran.

If Wei Yang found him doing this, how would Fang Yuan explain himself?

The greatest suspicion now was, why was the legendary Gu not inside the stellar stone, this did not match with the rumors!

Fang Yuan could not understand, this was too unimaginable! All the elements were present, but the Gu was nowhere to be found.

It could just be Fang Yuan’s overwhelmingly suspicious nature, but he found this Li Ran very strange. He could not pinpoint what the strangeness was, but it was a feeling, an instinct. It was such a baseless feeling that even Fang Yuan could not be sure of it.

LIke this, after another twenty over days, Fang Yuan fell into deep perplexity. That strange feeling became stronger, but Fang Yuan did not know where it originated.

Li Ran’s actions had nothing amiss.

He lived in Shang clan city for nearly ten years, if there was anything wrong with him, outsiders would’ve known already.

“I am too entrenched into this, and have thought about this too much. At this time, I need an outsider’s opinion to inspire myself.” Fang Yuan was clear of his situation.

But he only trusted himself, although he made a poison vow with Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan did not trust Bai Ning Bing one bit. He only used her to cultivate, since the bone flesh unity Gu was much better than the liquor worm.

Without anyone to help, Fang Yuan could only rely on himself. And he had gotten used to relying on himself, and liked it too.

Thus, he came to the shop: “Shopkeeper, do you have a flash of inspiration Gu?”

Fang Yuan had asked a few shops, they did not have it. Finally, a shop had it, but it was priced at twenty nine thousand primeval stones.

A flash of inspiration Gu, a rank three consumable Gu, gone after one use. Who would spend so much primeval stones to buy this?

But the truth is, many people did.

These people were recipe masters who specialized in creating Gu refinement recipes.

When they got into a bottleneck, and were a step from success, they would choose to use this Gu. Once this Gu was used, it would give them that spark of inspiration that would allow them to successfully create the new recipe.

A recipe’s worth is far greater than twenty nine thousand primeval stones.

Thus, a flash of inspiration Gu was a Gu with a lot of demand, if Fang Yuan did not have the purple thorn token, the shop would never sell it to him.

A similar Gu to the a flash of inspiration Gu is the cactus pointer.

But the latter was a Tie clan specialty grass Gu, it was not sold in the market.

Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, buying this a flash of inspiration Gu.

This Gu was like a blue jewel tadpole, small and agile, swimming about and waving its tail.

Fang Yuan activated his primeval essence, and this Gu entered his brain, turning into a white spiritual light, and like lightning, tore across the layers of mystery in Fang Yuan’s head.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, finally realizing what the strange feeling was.

“That’s right, although this Li Ran’s life is a mess, without any control over himself, there exists a pattern among this mess. He goes to the restaurant once every three days, goes to the gambling den twice every seven days, and the brothel once every five days. And every ten days, he would go to a restaurant named ‘Fu Tai Xiang He’.

From the messy report, under the influence of the a flash of inspiration Gu, the pattern within was revealed .

This was the strange part.

If a person was truly unrestrained and did not think of what to do, his life would be a complete mess, how could it have such a perfect rhythm?

Three days later, in Fu Tai Xiang He restaurant.

“Clerk, the bill.” Li Ran looked away from the window, calling loudly.

“Coming, lord Li Ran, five and a half primeval stones please.”

“This is six, no need for change.” Li Ran tossed out six primeval stones.

“Thank you lord, take care!”

Dun dun dun…

Li Ran walked down the stairs, and as he walked out of the restaurant, he turned into an alley and gradually vanished under the shadow.

Downstairs, Fang Yuan observed silently, before calling the shop assistant, pointing at Li Ran’s seat: “The view here is horrible, I want to sit there instead.”

According to his understanding, every time Li Ran came here, he would sit at the window seat, that was indeed strange.

“No problem!” The shop assistant laughed: “It is a man’s interest to peek at beauties.”

“What?” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised.

“Hmm, isn’t esteemed customer trying to see Qin Yan brothel’s number one star, Lady An Yu? Hehe, that seat can directly look into her room, if you’re lucky, you can even see her body. That Li Ran earlier, he always sits here to look at her. He always makes me reserve the seat for half a primeval stones.” The shop assistant said with a lecherous expression.

“Oh is that so?” Fang Yuan replied curtly, sitting at Li Ran’s seat.

Through the window, he could indeed see into the brothel.

Qin Yan brothel had eight storeys, the number one lady An Yu was a rank two Gu Master, having a room at the top floor. She had a great body, and her Gu Master identity could invoke men’s conquering desires, rumors say it takes almost ten thousand primeval stones to have her for a night.

With Li Ran’s fortune, he could not afford this, but was he really here to peek at Lady An Yu?

Looking at the way he left the brothel, he was not such a man.

Fang Yuan looked outside, there were many restaurants around Qin Yan brothel, why did he choose this one?

If he had a Gu worm to improve his vision, then maybe, but Fang Yuan knew he did not have such a Gu.

At this distance, even if Lady An Yu was there, he would only see a blur image.

“Eh? This is…” Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated on a tofu shop opposite the street.

A pair of mother and son were packing up their stall, ready to go home.

Fang Yuan recognised them, they were Li Ran’s wife and son!

“Don’t tell me, his real motive was to look at them?” Fang Yuan could not help but think.

He closed his eyes, and the map of the street appeared in his head.

There were better places to peek at Lady An Yu, but to observe this mother and son pair, this was the only spot!

“If he really wanted to look at them, why does he have to do it sneakily? According to my findings, he abandoned them years ago, is he feeling guilty? Strange… if he was guilty, and wanted to show concern for them, he could appear in front of them personally, why does he have to be secretive.”

“No, it could be that he was too ashamed to face them. But if he was, why would he not turn over a new leaf? This is really weird, he seems to be a mess, and cannot restrain himself, but his life is actually an orderly mess. This evidently shows he has good control over himself.”

Fang Yuan’s eyes were eerie as possibilities flashed across his mind.

He chewed on the food, but could not taste them at all.

He felt himself nearing the truth, like a blind man in a room getting close to the door.

All the clues and suspicions flew around in his head like a tornado.

Such a thinking speed, caused his eating action to be greatly slowed.

He slowly put down the chopsticks, raising his wine glass, the wine inside glimmering as it emitted a strong fragrance.

Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s black pupils expanded!

The wine glass was raised halfway, and his arm stayed in midair, not moving like a statue.

In his mind, a bolt of lightning struck and exploded.

“So that’s why… I finally understand!”

He screamed excitedly in his heart, as a great brilliance flashed across his eyes like lightning.

The mystery involving his last life and current life had finally been solved, all the suspicions were lifted and Fang Yuan found the answer he wanted!

At the same time, he ‘found’ the legendary Gu he lost!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Wu Ran, if we ask you to sacrifice your future for the clan, are you willing to do it?”

“I am willing!”

…

“Wu Ran, if we ask you to sacrifice your reputation for the clan, are you willing to do it?”

“I am willing!”

…

“Wu Ran, if we ask you to sacrifice your life for the clan, are you willing to do it?”

“I am willing!”

…

“I was right about you, Wu Ran. From your grandfather, father, and then you, you were all loyal Wu clan subjects! Now, the clan has a mission for you, this mission would need you to sacrifice your future, your reputation, and maybe even your life.”

“Lord clan leader, I am willing to do it for the clan!”

…

In the darkness, Wu Ran opened his eyes.

” Huff …” He breathed out slowly, sitting up from his bed, muttering: “I dreamed again.”

This dream was not fake, but originated from the deepest part of his memory.

‘Li Ran’ is his fake name, his real name is ‘Wu Ran’.

The surname Wu, bore great significance in southern border. It represented the number one overlord in the southern border, Wu clan!

Eleven years ago, Wu clan leader Empress Wu Ji gave an audience to Wu Ran, and assigned him a secret mission —

 Making his way into Shang clan’s higher up level!

For this, he changed his name, and roamed the wilderness for three years before settling in Shang clan city.

He laid low for eight whole years.

“It has been eight years, an entire eight years. Wu clan’s clansmen have mostly forgotten me by now huh? Wu Ran is dead, in this world, only Li Ran remains.”

Li Ran sighed in his heart.

He had been lurking for too long. So long that he almost forgot his own name.

Here, he wore a mask, living for eight years, pretending to be a libertine, an ordinary Gu Master of the lowest social level. Even to his beloved wife, he did not say a thing.

During this period, he only left once every half a year to contact Wu clan. It had always been a one-sided contact, hiding all traces to the limit.

Until a year ago, the agent informed him that the clan was going to use him. His excitement then could not be expressed in words!

“After eight years, they have finally activated it, everything will be different now!” Li Ran exclaimed. He willed, and a Gu appeared from his storage.

This fossil was cube shaped, like a brick shining with star light on its surface.

This was a stellar stone.

If Fang Yuan was here, he would find that this rock was very similar to the rock used as a leg support in the gambling den.

Li Ran caressed this fossil gently, frowning slightly.

As a spy, he spent ten years lurking in the city, creating a perfect background for himself. It would definitely gain Shang clan’s trust.

But trust is not enough, he needed ability that surpasses the ordinary man, so that he can dominate the battle stage. Only then would Shang clan recruit him, and make him into an external clan elder like Wei Yang, thus gaining authority in Shang clan.

This ‘ability’ had to appear naturally, and it cannot be too abrupt.

Thus, Wu clan leader Empress Wu Ji chose a Gu worm for him personally.

This was a Gu that possessed a legendary tale.

Obtained from an ancient strength path inheritance, it is an almost extinct Gu in the current world, it was extremely rare!

With this Gu, Li Ran can emerge from his slumber and dominate the battle stage.

As to the method of ‘obtaining’ this Gu, to avoid suspicion, Wu clan had made preparations.

That is, gambling rocks.

Luck is unpredictable, and an ancient Gu being sealed within a fossil was completely normal.

The demonic Gu Master Wei Shen Jing was a subordinate of Empress Wu Ji. Creating a fake scrap grade fossil was as easy as pie, no one would be able to discern it.

Li Ran spent some effort too.

To make sure people believed this was a fossil from the gambling den, and not his own, he chose a gambling rock that was used as leg support in the gambling den.

This rock was there for many years, people walked about and never noticed it.

Li Ran had communicated with Wu clan, asking Wei Shen Jing to create a similar stellar stone.

Later in his plan, he would swap this rock with the stellar stone in his hand without anyone noticing. He was a Gu Master, after observing for half a year, he knew when was the perfect time to swap the stones without anyone realizing.

When he finally opens the stellar stone, the entire gambling den would testify for him, that it was completely due to luck.

After he obtains this Gu, he would turn over a new leaf, and start the story of a prodigal son. He would rise up, find his wife and child, and become an external clan elder of Shang clan. He would complete his mission, and bring his wife and child back to Wu clan, where they belong.

Thinking of his wife and son, Li Ran felt extremely guilty.

He loved his wife deeply, she is so kind, so strong willed.

At the same time, as a father, he would love to give everything good in this world to his son.

He was only making use of her at the start, but as time went on, their relationship deepened, and he could not stop loving her. After their son was born, his love for them only grew. But eventually, because of his mission and secret identity, he had to temporarily leave them.

“You must hate me now, I’ve disappointed you too much. But it is alright, soon, soon. I have been deployed, I can bring you happiness!”

Li Ran gripped his fists, his eyes shining with determination.

Tomorrow, he would go to the battle stage, and engage in a battle. The day after, he would bring this stellar stone to the gambling den, and perform his life changing show.

“I had planned to use that stone as a cover, but life is hard to predict, someone actually chose it. Heh, that idiot, choosing a scrap grade stellar stone. But… tomorrow, I will have to be an idiot too.”

Li Ran laughed, keeping the stellar stone back into his storage Gu.

Although there was some changes to his plans, it was still fine. He had planned for such a small accident anyway.

He laid down once more, and soon, fell into deep sleep.

This time, he did not have any dreams.

On the second day, he felt great, energetic and full of hope.

He felt that he was like a tourist walking in a dark cavern. After a long journey, he finally saw the light ahead, the exit of the cavern!

Eight years of enduring, everything would become so wonderful!

Everything would definitely become perfect!

With such a belief, he arrived at the battle stage.

He had gotten information of the opponent this time, a rank two peak stage Gu Master often seen in fifth inner city’s battle stage, he was a familiar face.

Even the weakest Gu Master, if they can roam in the battle stage without giving up, they have the ability to hold their own.

Li Ran did not look down on his opponent, the Gu Li Ran currently had were quite weak and not considered high quality. He had to conceal himself as well, unable to fight fiercely, thus, this battle could go either way.

Indeed, as they fought, it was as Li Ran predicted.

From probing to fighting, the two were evenly matched, at a stalemate.

The battlefield was ravaged, and the few spectators gasped at the scene.

Suddenly, Li Ran’s eyes shone brightly.

A chance!

He found a weak point of his opponent, and was about to attack.

Suddenly, his heart hurt, and his body stiffened; the counter attack from his opponent sent him flying.

Li Ran was heavily injured, groaning in pain. His body flew more than ten steps back, until he stopped himself.

A trace of blood fell from his mouth.

However, the severity of his injuries was on par with the shock and fear in his heart right now!

“My flowerbud Gu, my flowerbud Gu! How did it lose connection with me? The stellar stone is inside it!!”

At the same time, at Li Ran’s residence.

The bed was flipped over, showing a secret compartment.

Fang Yuan stood beside it, holding a flowerbud Gu in his hand.

This Gu was rank two, used to store items. It was shaped like a flower, light blue in color but was crystal in material, shining clearly under sunlight.

Although it was Li Ran’s Gu, with the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, Fang Yuan instantly refined it.

Fang Yuan’s mind went into the Gu, and saw many things inside. A large sack of rice, some daily necessities, a poor quality block of compressed tea, thirty to forty primeval stones and a few fossils.

“This is it!” Fang Yuan’s heart trembled, as he activated his primeval essence, and a black light flew out of the flowerbud Gu.

The black light landed in Fang Yuan’s palm, turning into a stellar stone.

It looked extremely ugly, squarish and resembled a brick, almost the same as the leg support rock.

The moment the stellar stone appeared, the entire world seemed to have went silent.

Fang Yuan’s pupils expanded.

Thump thump… thump thump…

His heartbeat accelerated, he could clearly hear it.

Including this shabby house and the people walking outside, the surroundings faded away; only Fang Yuan and the stellar stone were left.

He held the heavy stellar stone, and he could feel the cold surface of the rock.

Fang Yuan stared at it passionately, at the same time, his lips curled up as he smiled.

His smile widened, until he opened his mouth and laughed silently!

The legendary Gu, is finally in my hands!!!

He screamed in his heart: “Just as I guessed, this Li Ran is a spy from another clan! When I was at Qing Mao mountain, I used the gambling rock to conceal my liquor worm, he is doing the same thing. No wonder the stellar stone was empty, my previous life’s rumor was all part of his act.”

“Today, he is going to the battle stage to fight. Whether he concealed his strength or not, according to his previous records, the opponent is around the same level as him, it would be a tough fight. The legendary Gu’s stellar stone is so important, it will be tough to fight if he brings it around. With his vigilant nature, he would not hide the stellar stone in the storage Gu and bring it around.”

Because if he lost the battle, his opponent would get to take one of his Gu worms.

He knew there was a legendary Gu within the stellar stone, if his opponent took his storage Gu, he would lose the stellar stone!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 284: One, Two, Five 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“I admit defeat!” Li Ran suddenly half kneeled on the ground, shouting loudly.

His opponent stopped charging forward, holding back his attack as he did not want to drive Li Ran into a corner. There was no benefits in doing that for both parties.

Li Ran spit out a mouthful of blood, standing up shakingly.

In order to quickly leave the battlefield, he purposely took a few hits from his opponent.

The hosting Gu Master walked in front, announcing the results of the battle.

Li Ran was extremely anxious, after taking back the vine information Gu, he quickly left the battle stage after pretending to be dejected.

He half-heartedly bandaged his injuries before rushing back to his house.

“God damn it, how can this happen? What in the world happened, why did I lose connection with flowerbud Gu?”

Li Ran’s heart was engulfed by a dark cloud.

The flowerbud Gu was a Gu he had refined, the moment Fang Yuan refined it, he could sense it.

“Only two possibilities exist for such a situation. One is that the flowerbud Gu was destroyed, the second is that someone else refined it! Was I discovered? No, maybe the situation isn’t as bad as I imagine, a burglar could’ve entered my house. F*ck, I have lived in Shang clan city for eight years, I know almost all the thieves there are, why would someone want to steal from that house of mine!”

Li Ran walked quickly, the stellar stone was extremely important, even with his calm nature, he could not help but feel anxious.

He was regretting.

He should’ve hid the flowerbud Gu at a safer location, and not place it in the secret compartment under his bed.

But the truth is, that was not his fault.

He had gone undercover, to conceal himself, he did not have any friends, and for the last few years, he had not contacted his wife or child. He often went to brothels, gambling dens, restaurants, those areas were full of people and he could not hide anything there.

He could hide it at a pawn shop, but placing so much attention on a scrap grade fossil was too peculiar. When Shang clan investigates in the future,that would create huge suspicion.

In Shang clan city, all sorts of people existed, there were many thief Gu Masters. But to forcefully take over the flowerbud Gu, a rank three Gu is required. The problem is, why would any rank three Gu Master want to steal from a run down place like his?

Li Ran had lurked for eight years, so long that he almost forgot his past. When he hid the flowerbud Gu, he was very confident but now his confidence turned into regret and self blame.

“Hopefully, the situation can still be salvaged!”

He returned to his home feeling uncertainty, the door was closed.

He opened it, and saw the place was in a mess.

“It was a thief!” He suddenly had a thought.

Encountering a thief was not scary, as long as his identity was not exposed, all could be salvaged.

“That’s right!” Li Ran consoled himself: “Every time I contacted Wu clan, it was a one-sided transmission. There are no evidence on me, and that legendary Gu is inside the stellar stone. If it is not opened, who would know the value of it? As long as I find the thief, with my eight years of experience in this city…”

As he thought about it, he calmed his emotions, and stopped panicking.

“Should I report the case? Using the guards’ ability to arrest the thief? No, I should be polite before resorting to brute force, it is best if I can get back the stellar stone peacefully. The city guards can’t be trusted too, they would not spend effort for a small fry like me. Maybe I should hire a Tie clan Gu Master?”

“Eh? This is…” At this point, he concentrated, and found a Gu after flipping over his bed.

Heart sound Gu!

This Gu was rank two, green and black in color, around the size of a baby’s thumb. It was shaped like a conch shell, one end was large while the other end was tiny, and had a spiral appearance.

“Heart sound Gu comes in pairs, it can allow two Gu Masters to speak internally within a hundred steps. Don’t tell me… the thief left this behind specially for me?!”

Li Ran’s eyes shone with hesitation, but he gritted his teeth and placed the heart sound Gu into his ear, like a earplug.

“Who are you?” Li Ran injected primeval essence, and activated the heart sound Gu, concentrating his mind and asked.

“That question is not important. The important thing is, Li Ran is a fake name right? Hehehe.” Soon after, Fang Yuan’s voice appeared in Li Ran’s head.

That instant, Li Ran’s pupils shrunk as he looked like he was struck by lightning, stunned on the spot.

“Not good, he found out my identity!” Li Ran was horror stricken.

The situation had become the worst!

But he was after all, a spy for eight years, even with this turn of events, he calmed his mind and spoke to Fang Yuan: “Fake name? What fake name, what do you mean?”

He said as he carefully tiptoed, walking around in the shabby house.

He next leaned on the wall, looking at the street outside the window.

“The heart sound Gu has an effective range, only a hundred steps away at most, he must be near me.” He rapidly thought of a solution.

To use the heart sound Gu, one has to concentrate in order to speak, ordinary thinking would not be transmitted.

But Fang Yuan was well aware of his mental state, lightly laughing: “Don’t bother acting Li Ran. I am not your enemy, as long as you cooperate, to express my sincerity, we can meet up.”

“Meet up?” Li Ran was shocked.

Next, Fang Yuan’s voice rang in his head: “Now, walk out of your room and turn left around the door.”

“Why should I listen to you?” Li Ran called out in his mind.

Fang Yuan laughed: “Don’t try to test how much I know, it is beyond your imagination. I will count to five, consider well.”

“One.” Fang Yuan counted.

Li Ran rapidly thought about the situation.

Even though the flowerbud Gu was in the thief’s hands, they had no evidence that he was a Wu clan spy.

He had lurked for eight years, how could there be evidence?

“Two.” Fang Yuan spoke casually.

If at this time, he listened to Fang Yuan, and gets spotted by others, that would be concrete proof that he was a spy.

But if he did not listen, what happens to the stellar stone?

“Five.” Fang Yuan continued to count.

Li Ran’s mind was thrown into chaos, as he scolded: “God damn, can you even count properly?!”

“Hehehe, it seems you have come to a decision.” Fang Yuan laughed.

Li Ran breathed deeply, his fists clenched tightly, as he gritted his teeth and left the house.

He walked out of the door, and arrived at a busy street. Next, he turned left.

About fifty steps later, Fang Yuan’s voice rang out again: “Turn right, at the third cross junction, turn left.”

“He can see my movements, he has to be beside me, but who?” Li Ran had sharp vision, like an eagle sweeping the crowd.

“I would advise you not to look around, that is not your usual behavior. Hehe, after eight years, you want it all to go down the drain?” Fang Yuan quickly said.

“Damn it…” Li Ran gritted his teeth till they squeaked, Fang Yuan’s threat made him lower his head as he looked ahead.

Following Fang Yuan’s instructions, he turned and walked around in circles, until Fang Yuan told him to stop.

“Turn around.” Fang Yuan quickly followed: “In your vision, there should be a restaurant, go to the third storey, I will be waiting there.”

Li Ran looked, and his heart jumped.

This restaurant, was the one he often came to, Fu Tai Xiang He restaurant.

“Don’t tell me…” He had a bad feeling in his heart. The thief held so much information about him, it felt like he was stripped bare naked in the winter snow plains.

He entered the restaurant.

The familiar shop assistant looked at him, enthusiastically calling out: “Lord Li Ran, you are here, please come upstairs!”

Li Ran’s grim face smiled slightly as he carried his utmost vigilance and ascended the ladder.

Halfway through, before the second floor.

“Wait.” Fang Yuan suddenly said.

Li Ran stopped his movement, asking: “What?”

“Go downstairs, and out of the door.” Fang Yuan instructed.

Li Ran snorted, having no choice but to leave.

The shop assistant looked at him, feeling confused, quickly asking: “What is the matter lord, are you not eating anymore?”

Li Ran waved his hand, asking him to leave, as he walked out of the restaurant.

“Opposite you, there is a shop selling baked pancakes, go buy a few.” Fang Yuan continued.

Li Ran’s eyes twitched, but he followed the instructions, buying a few pancakes.

“Okay, now return to the third floor of the restaurant.” Fang Yuan said again.

Li Ran’s forehead was popping with veins as he held the pancake and returned to the restaurant.

The shop assistant saw him entering again, looking at him weirdly: “Lord Li Ran, if you want to buy pancakes, just call me, I can buy it for you.”

“Scram.” Li Ran shouted, scaring the shop assistant as he shuddered and stopped talking.

He got to the third floor, and stopped after the ladder.

“Continue, take two to three steps and turn left, you will see me.” Fang Yuan instructed.

Li Ran followed the instructions, as he walked around a pillar, and finally saw Fang Yuan, sitting at his usual spot.

Next, he saw Fang Yuan stretch out his hand, inviting him to the seat. At the same time, he heard in his mind: “Please take a seat.”

Li Ran did not speak, quietly sitting before Fang Yuan, then staring at him without blinking.

The truth is, Fang Yuan’s youthful appearance gave him a huge shock.

When they conversed, Fang Yuan held him tightly by the collar, he subconsciously pictured the image of Fang Yuan as an unscrupulous middle aged man, or an elderly wearing a hat, hiding his face in the darkness.

But the truth was completely the opposite.

The voice from the heart sound Gu would always be tuned, it cannot ascertain age, but could easily determine the gender.

If he did not see it with his own eyes, Li Ran would never have thought the mysterious man was so young!

Fifth inner city’s street lights passed the windows and shone on Fang Yuan’s face. Although he had a plain look, his eyes were as black as ink, like an abyss, deep and mysterious.

Li Ran memorised Fang Yuan’s face deep in his heart.

Although this was the first time they met, he could swear, he would never forget Fang Yuan’s appearance in this life.

Because it was due to this young man that all his plans were foiled, and in such a helpless way!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On the dinner table, dishes and wine produced amazing fragrance.

At the surrounding tables, some people were playing drinking games, some recited poems, others were playing around, it was a relaxed and fun atmosphere.

Fang Yuan and Li Ran sat opposite each other, they looked very peaceful, but they were secretly sizing each other up. It was the calm before the storm. Li Ran had deep killing intent in his heart, and although Fang Yuan looked relaxed, he was also wary of Li Ran.

“Who exactly are you?” Li Ran asked using the heart sound Gu.

“I said before, that is not important. Pass the pancake to me.” The first half was spoken internally, while the second sentence was using his mouth.

Li Ran was stunned, before pushing the paper bag towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan opened the bag, taking out a pancake and biting, nodding: “Now this is the flavor I wanted, I’m so sorry for the trouble.”

Next, he used the heart sound Gu: “Do you know, I tailed you for several days below this restaurant, I got hungry and bought a pancake, and found it really delicious, want to try?”

Li Ran had no mood to try the pancake.

He snorted in his heart, asking: “Aren’t you afraid I’ll poison it?”

But on the surface, he smiled and said: “It is no big deal, no trouble at all. Don’t forget we have a great relationship.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed out loud, staring at Li Ran with deep meaning, transmitting in his mind: “You think I don’t know what Gu you have?”

Li Ran smiled more brightly, but his heart sank.

“He is trying to remind me! That’s right, the enemy is hiding in the shadows while I am out there, I did not even sense him tailing me these few days. He should’ve known all about me already. If I fight him now, there is a low chance of success, thus he used this pancake to warn me!”

Fang Yuan saw Li Ran keeping silent, his eyes shifting around, and knew the warning got through, thus he took out the stellar stone.

Li Ran’s gaze was attracted, but the stone was quickly taken away.

The next moment, Fang Yuan’s voice rang in his mind: “Stop pretending, I know the all-out effort Gu is inside this.”

“WHAT?!” Li Ran’s heart shook like he had been struck by lightning.

Even if he was a good actor, his expression changed showing fluster and fear.

He had been hoping the secret of the stellar stone would not be exposed. After all, it came form Wei Shen Jing, there were no flaws, but to think the matter had worsened to this extent, the other party knew the all-out effort Gu was sealed inside!

“Wait, the matter regarding the all-out effort Gu, only a few people know about it. Even I only knew about it soon after receiving it, how did he find out?”

“The matter is complex now… I am confident there are no loopholes on my end, thus this should’ve been exposed on the clan side! Wu clan can send a spy like me here, Shang clan can also send theirs over. The few large clans in the southern border, they infiltrate each other, and there are spies everywhere, they should be clear of each other’s matters.”

“If not, how could he know about the all-out effort Gu? That’s right, I was so vigilant, how could I make a mistake and let him get a hold on me, or even suspect me? To think my home clan has been infiltrated to this extent, it is truly scary!”

“But maybe that isn’t the case, in this world, there are too many special Gu worms…”

Fang Yuan left Li Ran ample time to think.

He was a smart person, the more he thought, the more suspicious he would get. Subconsciously, he would imagine Fang Yuan to be stronger, more mysterious, and scarier. That would make him feel inferior during the discussion.

Fang Yuan played with the stellar stone, after a while, when the time was almost ripe, he continued transmitting his voice: “I want the all-out effort Gu.”

Li Ran was stunned, not understanding Fang Yuan’s deeper meaning.

“But I know, if I take this Gu, I would face the wrath and revenge of your clan. Thus, I need your cooperation.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was eerie.

To be able to plot against Shang clan, they had to be an equally large clan. If Fang Yuan took the all-out effort Gu by force, he would be enemies with this clan.

This stellar stone was like bait on a hook. If Fang Yuan wanted to eat this bait, he needed to avoid getting stuck on the hook.

Li Ran revealed a mocking smile: “You want me to cooperate with you, what a joke, on what basis?”

 “Based on the fact that I do not want to be enemies with you. Even if I have the purple thorn token, I do not want to be enemies with you, because like you, I have people I want to protect.” Fang Yuan said in his mind to Li Ran, as he looked out of the window.

At the same time, he said with his mouth: “I heard that shop sells great tofu.”

Li Ran squinted, his eyes showing a ferocious gaze, screaming in his mind: “Are you threatening me?!”

Fang Yuan shook his head, in his eyes, there were clouds drifting, as he showed a complex emotion on his face. Li Ran instantly caught his emotion, there were sadness, pain, helplessness, and fondness.

“Are you not clear of your situation?” Fang Yuan said in his mind: “People like us, squeezed between two strong forces, living on the edge everyday, hiding our emotions in the depths of our hearts, and could die anytime. Since we chose this path, we can only continue walking on it. It is all for the clan, we have no regrets. But some people, they are innocent, why should they be implicated into our business, and bear the risks for us?”

Li Ran’s heart stirred, staring at Fang Yuan in disbelief: “You… are a spy too?”

Fang Yuan laughed helplessly, in a bitter tone: “What do you think?”

Li Ran saw this smile, and his eyes watered, as he stared tightly at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s expression did not have a tint of unnaturalness, as he turned to look outside the window.

Li Ran knew he was looking at his own wife and children.

Fang Yuan’s gaze was so gentle, so dazed, as if he was recalling certain memories.

Li Ran did not think he was acting, because this youngster was too young, how could he fake such true emotions? Even at his age, Li Ran could not act to this level.

This was his true emotions!

Unknowingly, a sense of acceptance towards Fang Yuan grew in his heart.

As people in similar situations, they did not need a deep relationship to understand each other.

Fang Yuan blinked, looking back at Li Ran, and said: “Li Ran, you have lurked in Shang clan city for eight years. If your identity is exposed, your mission would fail. Your failure may cause you to lose your life, but more importantly, the clan would suffer a loss, and you would let down their expectations.”

Li Ran clenched his fists.

Fang Yuan’s words pulled the strings in his heart.

He was loyal to the clan, almost religiously. Otherwise, the clan would not have chosen him to be the spy.

Fang Yuan said again: “If you fail, your wife would lose her husband. Your son is only five now, he would lose his father. If your identity is exposed, there is a high chance of them dying because of you. You only have one step left to succeed, the position of clan elder is your goal, am I right? But do you think that is the end? No, you will continue lurking, as long as Shang clan existed, the clan would need your spying.”

Li Ran gritted his teeth.

Fang Yuan’s words hit the nail on the head.

All these things, did he not consider them? He only dared to think about them for a moment before stopping. The more he thought about it, the more pressure he felt, the future was really too long, it would cause him to lose the courage to continue!

“Thus, you need alliance mates, brother Li Ran.” Fang Yuan continued speaking: “You will not betray your clan, I won’t either. You have people you want to protect, so do I. We can cooperate, we need external force to ensure our family’s safety. We have to live in order to make contributions to our clans. And the Shang clan is our mutual goal.”

‘Of course, this cooperation is only in private. If our clans want to wage war, you will be the first person I will eliminate.” After pausing briefly, Fang Yuan added.

Li Ran snorted coldly, Fang Yuan’s truthful declaration only made his words more trustworthy.

To him, loyalty to the clan is the top priority, next is his family, and then his own life.

Fang Yuan’s suggestion catered to his three needs.

“But can this person be trusted? We are from different forces, cooperation between spies is wishful thinking! Maybe… it is because he is young, and coupled with his intellect and courage, he thought of this method? If I was this young, I’m afraid… I may do the same… or not.”

The more Li Ran thought about it, the more he felt Fang Yuan’s sincerity.

Most importantly, he had no other way out! He was completely exposed before Fang Yuan.

If Fang Yuan exposed him, his mission would fail, his ten years of hard work would go up in flames, how could he accept this?

Human nature is complex, they have this thing called fluke mentality.

Li Ran was like someone who was driven to a cliff, with his enemies approaching, he could only jump down. Even if he did not know what was below the cliff, he would still pray that there is a water body below, or maybe he would be saved by some tree branches while descending.

He fell into deep silence for a long time.

After a few minutes, he used the heart sound Gu: “How can I believe you?”

Fang Yuan smiled, taking out a poison vow Gu.

…

Three days later, Fang Yuan opened the all-out effort Gu in the gambling den, causing the entire district to go into chaos.

“Did you hear? Someone opened an all-out effort Gu in Lan Chao gambling den!”

“Is that really the all-out effort Gu? It is a near extinct ancient Gu, able to summon the beast phantom a hundred percent of the time!”

“You guys only knew now? Hehe, I know more than you. This extremely lucky person is called Gu Yue Fang Zheng. I don’t know why, but he has a purple thorn token. The all-out effort Gu was not supposed to be his, but was chosen by a Gu Master called Li Ran, but he knocked into Gu Yue Fang Zheng who decided to find problems with him, taking away three fossils from him as compensation. That all-out effort Gu was within those fossils.”

“Oh dear, he really is unlucky, the all-out effort Gu should’ve been his!”

“This is fate…”

“Lan Chao gambling den, no, I have to go take a look!”

At once, rumors spread all over Shang clan city.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 286: A Small Test Run 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“This is the all-out effort Gu?”

In the secret room, Wei Yang held this Gu in his hand as he exclaimed, strange light shining in his eyes.

All-out effort Gu, it was shaped like a rhinoceros beetle.

Now, it was sitting quietly in Wei Yang’s palm, its body was almost the size of Wei Yang’s palm, and was quite heavy.

It was oval in shape, and had a strong armor exoskeleton. There was a strong horn on its head, looking heavy and powerful.

It had three pairs of legs, all strong and thick. Its body was dark brown, and glistened with a metallic surface. People only needed one glance to know it was not ordinary.

“That’s right, this is the rank three all-out effort Gu. Once used, it would summon a beast phantom, able to move according to my will.” Fang Yuan was sitting on a cushion opposite Wei Yang, as he explained.

Wei Yang breathed in deeply, handing the all-out effort Gu back to Fang Yuan.

“At this timing, is it fate? Brother Fang Zheng, are you truly bent on the strength path?” He gave his last attempt.

Fang Yuan nodded, not speaking, but his determined expression said everything.

Wei Yang sighed again.

If previously, he was confident of changing Fang Yuan’s mind, at this moment, after obtaining the all-out effort Gu, he knew that Fang Yuan’s decision was final, there was no hope in changing it.

“Fate is really mystical, obtaining the all-out effort Gu would greatly help you on the strength path. The all-out effort Gu is undoubtedly the core Gu worm in assembling your set. If you are so determined, I shall say no more. But I have one final thing to remind you, just treat it as my nagging.”

Fang Yuan became serious: “Not at all, please give me your advice!”

“Although you have the all-out effort Gu, times are different now. If this all-out effort Gu is your core, you have to ensure its safety. It is only a rank three Gu now, if you want to refine it into rank four or rank five in the future, there is too much danger in refining it if it is not your vital Gu. If the all-out effort Gu is destroyed in the process of refinement, your entire set would collapse without the core. Thus, my first advice to you is to convert it into your vital Gu. Shang clan can help you to achieve this.”

“To make a set, just one core is not enough, you need several important support Gu. Regarding this, you need to choose carefully, and think ahead. If your choice is wrong, it will not allow you to display the full value of all-out effort Gu. Sigh, actually, during ancient times, when strength path flourished, there were much more Gu worms that complemented the all-out effort Gu. Now, most of them are extinct, if you want to assemble a Gu set, you cannot use ancient methods, but can only explore this yourself.”

“I have another extremely important matter that you have to take note of. Although you have the all-out effort Gu, you have no corresponding refinement recipe. But thankfully, most of the recipes from the Olden Antiquity Era were passed down. There should be some in certain recipe masters’ hands, you have to collect them. If not…”

Saying so, Wei Yang hesitated.

“You can try your luck in exploring ancient strength path inheritances. Wu clan found such an inheritance several years ago, if you can find one, your future would be set. I really want to see the strength path flourish in your hands!”

After saying these things, Wei Yang took his leave.

Fang Yuan sent him off, and watched Wei Yang turn into light and fly away.

Fang Yuan stood at the door of the secret room, his gaze concentrating.

The advice Wei Yang gave, he had considered all of them long ago, and had plans already.

He already had a copy of the all-out effort Gu’s recipe, obviously from Li Ran.

Wu clan provided Li Ran the all-out effort Gu, they naturally gave him the recipe.

But this recipe only allowed the rank three all-out effort Gu to reach rank four. Any higher, Fang Yuan needed to find out himself.

But in this aspect, Fang Yuan was only rank three initial stage now, in the short run, he had no worries about the rank five refinement recipe.

As for what Gu to choose, in order to complement the all-out effort Gu, and become support for the core, Fang Yuan had his plans.

He had always been the type to walk one step and plan ten ahead, he was extremely confident.

“The strength path Gu set, should use the all-out effort Gu as the core, self-reliance Gu and bitter strength Gu as the support. With a few other Gu worms accompanying, this set of Gu worms can be considered initial success. But to reach greater success, I have to rely on the three kings inheritance.”

Spending two to three years in Shang clan city, assembling a set of Gu and reach initial success stage.

When the three kings inheritance activates, he will use the advantages of rebirth and add in useful Gu worms to cause his Gu set to reach greater success stage.

This was Fang Yuan’s plans for the near future.

“This plan has to be executed perfectly. Because after the three kings inheritance, it would be the righteous demonic battle at Yi Tian mountain, if my battle strength is not high enough then, I would not be able to gather enough benefits for myself. Time, is really tight…”

As for the third, his vital Gu.

Fang Yuan’s vital Gu is Spring Autumn Cicada, this cannot be changed.

Then the refinement of the all-out effort Gu would be much more difficult. Since there is a risk to the Gu, the refinement would need to be done extremely carefully.

If Fang Yuan was unlucky, and caused the all-out effort Gu to die during refinement, his set of Gu worms would lose their foundation, like a human without a soul.

If that happens, the outcome would be disastrous, almost equivalent to Fang Yuan’s strength path cultivation being crippled.

But, there were ways to ensure the all-out effort Gu survives during refinement even if it was not his vital Gu.

Wei Yang did not know because he was a frog in a well.

Fang Yuan knew three methods.

First method was to head to the “Land of Bu Bai”. This was the Bu Bai inheritance, far away in central continent, the sacred land for refinement masters.

Secondly, he could use the undefeated hundred battles Gu, when refining Gu, it could ensure a hundred percent success rate.

The third was also a Gu, called “green mountain remains”. ‘As long as the green mountain remains, one need not worry about firewood.’ Only by keeping something vital is there a chance for a comeback. Using this Gu, it can protect the core Gu, even if refinement fails and the other Gu are destroyed, the all-out effort Gu will still remain.

The land of Bu Bai was too far away, it was impossible to get there. Undefeated hundred battles Gu, an extremely rare rank five Gu even during ancient times, right now it was extinct. “Green mountain remains” was in the hands of several refinement masters, this was a rank four Gu, it was difficult to obtain but there was at least some hope.

“There is one undefeated hundred battles Gu in the three kings inheritance. If I can get it, the all-out effort Gu’s advancement to rank four would be ensured. Next, I can only think of other ways… now, it is time to replace everything.”

Fang Yuan had a careful nature, before he obtained the all-out effort Gu, even though he had hundreds of thousands of primeval stones, he did not spend them.

Now that it is in his hands, he finally decided to act.

He did not need to leave Nan Qiu garden, instead going to the study room and taking out a large number of invitations.

Ever since he ‘gambled’ and won the all-out effort Gu, rumors flew about in Shang clan city, and everyone were acting like cats who saw fish , swarming at Fang Yuan’s place.

Fang Yuan had the purple thorn token, and attended Shang Yan Fei’s clan banquet before, he had a unique identity and no one dared to force him.

They had sent all sorts of invitations, but Fang Yuan stayed in his house for several days, not meeting a single guest.

Now, Fang Yuan took out the invitations, and saw that a portion were from recipe masters, hoping to meet Fang Yuan and become acquaintances, so that they can borrow the all-out effort Gu for research. A Gu from the Antiquity Era would be great help towards their recipe creation.

Another portion were established Gu Masters, holding all sorts of titles, they either wished to spar with Fang Yuan or wanted to exchange Gu worms with him.

But mostly, the invitations came from all the famous shops, and all the large clan’s Gu Masters, hoping to purchase the all-out effort Gu.

Fang Yuan chose a small portion of them, and instructed his servants to send a message to them.

Not long after, a group of Gu Masters came running.

Fang Yuan met them at the reception hall: “I am not selling the all-out effort Gu, I am meeting everyone here today for other trading purposes.”

This caused everyone to be disappointed, but some did not give up, only after Fang Yuan’s firm attitude did they give up.

Three hours later, a few business were settled, and everyone left.

Two days later, the Gu worms arrived.

Fang Yuan’s battle strength surged, but he paid a huge price.

Gu worms were seriously too expensive, he spent several hundred thousand primeval stones for them. The old man made of clouds in the primeval elder Gu was already hunching his back as he showed a painful and worried expression, in an extremely pitiful state.

Another day later, Fang Yuan stepped into the battle stage.

At once, everyone went wild.

Outside the battle stage, people were crowding to the point where there was no walking space.

His opponent was none other than Li Ran.

He stared at Fang Yuan, his expression twisted and his eyes burned with fire, as he screamed: “Gu Yue Fang Zheng, you stole my opportunity, that is extremely despicable! Today, I will take back what belongs to me.”

“Hmph, who told you to knock into me? I asked for compensation but you refused to pay primeval stones. Those stones covered your debt, you were willing as well.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly as he answered.

The viewers outside started to discuss among themselves as they became extremely noisy.

Fang Yuan and Li Ran’s conversation testified the truth behind the rumors these days.

“Ahhh!” Li Ran grabbed his hair, screaming to the sky: “Fang Zheng, you tyrant, I was forced by you! I only knocked into you by accident, but you refused to let me go. Today, I will seek justice for myself!”

Saying so, Li Ran pounced at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan snorted coldly, seeing him get close, he willed.

Vertical crash Gu.

Howl!

The winds blew as he took a step, and his body charged forward by fifty steps.

Li Ran felt his vision blur as Fang Yuan had already charged up to him.

All-out effort Gu.

Fang Yuan willed, and light burst forth, forming the phantom image of a wild boar charging in mid air behind him.

The wild boar was black and had sharp tusks, showing a fierce expression as the winds blew!

“Not good!” Li Ran screamed, dodging.

Fang Yuan charged right past him, although Li Ran was not hit head on, his arm was scratched.

Next, with a ‘crack’, his forearm bone broke, and the defensive light on Li Ran’s body vanished, as he fell to the ground, unable to get up.

“Just one hit!”

“Was that the all-out effort Gu?”

“That Li Ran is too weak, he is definitely not Fang Zheng’s match!”

Outside, the spectators exclaimed, expressing their shock.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 287: Reputation Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan charged for fifty steps before he stopped. He turned around, facing Li Ran, about to launch his second attack.

But Li Ran had already raised his hand, shouting loudly: “Wait, no more, I admit defeat!”

Once he said so, the surroundings went quiet, before exploding.

“What, no more?”

“We spent primeval stones to come here and see the all-out effort Gu.”

“You coward, are you even a man, stand up and fight!”

Everyone shouted furiously.

Many people were angry and breathed roughly, feeling that their primeval stones were wasted, starting to grumble and scold. But a portion of the people understood Li Ran.

“There’s no way to win, it is wise to concede.”

“That hit earlier showed their difference. If they continue, Li Ran’s life would be in danger.

“This Li Ran is a veteran in the battle stage. With his rich experience, I am not surprised he did that.”

Clank.

A loud ring from the bell, and this match was over.

The spectators started to leave the stage, as Fang Yuan took his leave as well.

“Fang Zheng, wait first.” Li Ran suddenly called, stopping him.

Fang Yuan frowned, turning around and looking at him: “What do you want?”

Everyone’s footsteps halted.

“Fang Zheng, you are indebted to me, but now you hurt and injured me, this is repaying kindness with vengeance, you have to compensate me!” Li Ran shouted.

These words were shameless, he wanted to challenge Fang Zheng without knowing their difference, now that he got injured, how could he say his opponent was “repaying kindness with vengeance”.

Many people heard this and snorted, feeling disdain towards Li Ran.

Challenging Fang Yuan forcefully, that was because he could not take it lying down, many people understood his emotions. But after losing, he still continued to pester Fang Yuan, that was going overboard.

Fang Yuan shook his head, turning to leave: “Your brain was damaged by my attack too?”

Many people jeered and laughed.

But Li Ran struggled to get up, shouting at Fang Yuan: “Fang Zheng, I know your personality! You distinguish kindness and hatred clearly, the acclaimed ‘a droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring, a spark of hatred will result in the burning of an entire forest!’ Shang Xin Ci showed you a little kindness and you risked your life to protect her, escorting her to Shang clan city. Shang clan leader wanted to reward you but you rejected all of them, saying that your kindness had been repaid. The Shang clan leader even had to force you to accept the purple thorn token!’

“Fang Zheng, to be honest, I have done you a favor. If I did not choose that stellar stone, would you be able to get that all-out effort Gu? No! Hehe, nevermind if it is another person, but I know you, I understand you. Although you are oppressive and tyrannical, you have to repay kindness or you will be unable to sleep. Isn’t that so? Think about it, you owe me a favor, can you sleep tonight?”

“Heh, that is because you have never seen Fang Yuan’s true colors!” Among the crowd, Bai Ning Bing heard Li Ran’s words and snorted coldly.

Fang Yuan obtaining the all-out effort Gu had made her curious.

After all, Fang Yuan was her rival.

Suddenly, Fang Yuan stopped in his steps.

As everyone watched, he turned around and faced Li Ran, with a serious expression.

“If you put it like that, it seems I owe you a favor. But firstly, it was because you offended me, and second, I cannot give the all-out effort Gu away. What do you want me to do?”

Fang Yuan’s words made everyone who was leaving stop their steps and observe their conversation again.

Bai Ning Bing gasped in her heart, feeling shocked.

“Although the all-out effort Gu is rank three, it originated from the Olden Antiquity Era, it is considered unique now, its true value cannot be estimated. Give me a hundred thousand primeval stones, and your favor will be considered repaid!” Li Ran thought about it and said.

“Is this Li Ran stupid?”

“He dares to ask for such a ridiculous sum, such stupidity, sigh…”

“Making such a request, he is so shameless!”

Everyone shook their heads, feeling disappointed at Li Ran’s shamelessness.

Fang Yuan thought about it, shaking his head.

“A hundred thousand primeval stones is insufficient, I’ll give you two hundred thousand, that would put me at ease.” Saying so, he waved his hand and summoned the primeval elder Gu, pouring all the primeval stones out.

On the floor of the battle stage, a mountain of primeval stones appeared.

“This is eighty thousand, that’s all I have now. I’ll give you the rest when I have money!”

“What?!” Fang Yuan’s words sent everyone into shock.

“He actually gave it? And… and even raised it to two hundred thousand!” Everyone was tongue-tied.

“Did I see wrongly?! Although this Li Ran did not obtain the all-out effort Gu, getting so much primeval stones as compensation is almost as good.” Everyone blinked, seeing those primeval stones, they almost drooled.

“This Fang Zheng is really…” Many people saw Fang Yuan leave and felt weird in their hearts, not sure of what to say.

Although they did not manage to see the power of the all-out effort Gu, hearing Li Ran and Fang Yuan’s conversation made the trip worth it.

News about this battle quickly circulated, and spread around Shang clan city.

The fact that Fang Yuan had a purple thorn token also circulated, resulting in people who had ill intentions to vanish without a trace.

Many people started to be envious of Li Ran, while others also felt doubt towards Fang Yuan’s promise of two hundred thousand primeval stones.

But no matter what, Fang Yuan’s ‘distinguish kindness and hatred’ reputation also became well-known.

Back at Nan Qiu garden.

“Do you really intend to give that Li Ran two hundred thousand primeval stones?” Bai Ning Bing asked suspiciously.

This was not Fang Yuan’s style at all.

“Of course.” Fang Yuan replied curtly. He was obviously not going to tell Bai Ning Bing that this was his secret agreement with Li Ran. Li Ran would act with Fang Yuan, and tell him the refinement recipe, while Fang Yuan compensates him two hundred thousand primeval stones.

Bai Ning Bing was solemn for a while, not believing him, then laughing coldly: “Two hundred thousand just for a reputation, is it worth it?”

Fang Yuan snickered: “Have you never heard the story of reputation Gu?”

Bai Ning Bing’s gaze was hesitant: “What are you trying to say?”

“Reputation is a bridge, one that allows people to cross through the abyss. Reputation is a travel token, more important and precious than the purple thorn token, it allows one to move about with ease. Two hundred thousand cannot even buy the purple thorn token, yet i spent that amount to obtain this reputation. This is the best trade in the world. Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed.

Bai Ning Bing snorted, but thinking that he had a precognitive Gu, she chose to believe him for now.

Regarding the reputation Gu’s story, it originated from the legends of Ren Zu…

One time, Verdant Great Sun got very drunk, when he woke up, his head hurt and he forgot all that happened when he was drunk. He did not know why he was trapped on a lone hill, one which was surrounded by a bottomless abyss.

The abyss was filled with spiral winds, pale green color, this was the ‘usual wind’. The winds blew dust into the air, those were the dark yellow color ‘mortal dust’.

Verdant Great Sun’s heart sank, because he recognised that this was the ordinary abyss. No living being had ever managed to fly past it. He was trapped on this lone hill, unable to get out; he would die of starvation eventually.

Thankfully, there was a forest on the lone hill. Verdant Great Sun was hungry, and came into this forest to find fruits to eat. But this forest was very strange, the black soil was like a swamp, smelling extremely pungent. The trees had no leaves, and the branches looked like strange claws. But when the wind blew, there was the sound of leaves moving in the wind.

Verdant Great Sun could not find food, and fell into despair, knowing he was going to die soon.

A few days later, he was so hungry he could not move, leaning on the tree trunk as he laid on the ground.

He eventually fell unconscious.

In his slumber, he could hear many voices talking.

“Hey look, this person finally passed out.”

“Mm, as I expected, he’s finished.”

“Actually, it is possible to leave the ordinary abyss, you just need the reputation Gu.”

“Reputation Gu is at the center of the forest, hidden under a rock. Too bad he doesn’t know, hahaha…”

“Sshhh, speak softer, it will be bad if he hears us.”

“It’s okay, it’s okay, he has fainted already, before long, the black soil will bury him, and turn him into nutrients for us trees.”

Hearing this, Verdant Great Sun jolted awake.

It turns out this forest is Xi Yu forest, what he had thought was leaves brushing in the wind turned out to be the whispers of the trees.

After hearing the information, Verdant Great Sun walked to the center of the forest, lifted the rock, and obtained the reputation Gu.

Reputation Gu was like a chrysanthemum, its petals were golden yellow, emitting a fragrance.

Reputation Gu said to Verdant Great Sun: “Young man, thank you for lifting the rock, and saving me. To repay you, I have decided to help you get across this ordinary abyss.”

Reputation Gu told Verdant Great Sun the method to use it.

Verdant Great Sun was overjoyed, arriving at ordinary abyss, and placed the reputation Gu in his mouth, shouting as loud as he could…

The strange thing was, no matter how loud he shouted, there was no sound, but the vibrations in the air caused the ordinary abyss to shake, as the commotion got bigger, it was like an earthquake. The air was even filled with a brilliant fragrance.

Verdant Great Sun did not feel anything weird, as he had known from the reputation Gu: Reputation itself has no voice, but it can spread wide and create tremors.

As he shouted, a golden bridge appeared in midair, but the bridge’s length was limited, there was still a long distance to the other side.

Verdant Great Sun was too hungry, too tired, after trying several times, the effect continue to diminish, and his chance for salvation seemed dim.

Reputation Gu sighed: “Sigh, you have not eaten anything in a while, even though you have a breath left in your stomach, it is too little. From your diaphragm, it has to go through your stomach, chest, throat, and finally your mouth, the journey is too long, we have to reduce it, here, place me between your two buttcheeks.

Verdant Great Sun did as instructed.

Reputation Gu landed near his private part, and turned into a chrysanthemum cave.

“Okay, you can start shouting again.” Reputation Gu said.

Verdant Great Sun forced that last breath of his, out of this hole, out of his body.

Prrrrrrrrt—

In his daze, Verdant Great Sun heard a loud sound. The air was filled with an unimaginable stench, but that golden bridge became majestic and large, stretching over a thousand miles, reaching the other side.

A shitty reputation compared to good reputation, is always easier to obtain and maintain.

Verdant Great Sun quickly crossed the bridge, leaving the ordinary abyss and reaching the other side, saving his own life.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 288: The Crux of Strength Path Cultivation 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Eight days later.

Nan Qiu garden.

At the small square, the ground paved with starry stones shone under the starlight.

Fang Yuan stood in the square with his hands folded, legs slightly open and his eyes closed. His breathing was deep and long.

In front of him were a dozen stone pillars.

Every stone pillars were twenty feet thick, and were dark and rigid. The stone pillars were spaced apart so that it almost covered the small square.

Whish…

Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and suddenly opened his eyes.

At that very moment, a ray of lightning seemed to flash through the void!

Dash!

He took large steps forward and in a few steps reached a stone pillar.

His steps stopped, he bent his waist before swinging his arms vigorously and punching at the pillar.

Bang.

With a dull thud, the stone pillar shook, stone fragments flew about and a spherical dent appeared on the pillar.

Again.

Fang Yuan held his breath then used his fists and palms to attack in turns. Not only that, he also used kicks, flying kicks, elbow strikes, knee strikes, shoulder bash… every part of his body became sharp, strong weapons.

Bang bang bang….

The dull sounds continued along with the stone pillar’s continuous shaking and the stone fragments scattering in the air.

Fang Yuan attacked like a storm and gale in one breath, his attacks continuous and endless.

Within seconds, the stone pillar was reduced to half, like a small tree in a storm.

Crack.

Fang Yuan whipped his leg horizontally as a clear sound echoed; the stone pillar that was already hanging by a thread could not endure it anymore and broke into two, falling into the ground.

Fang Yuan relaxedly retracted his leg, his breath was only slightly affected and droplets of sweat seeped out of his forehead.

He looked at the ground.

The appearance of the two broken parts of the stone pillar were changed beyond recognition; their surfaces were filled with dents, results of Fang Yuan’s punches and kicks.

“Indeed, it is difficult to bring out the beast strength phantom without using all-out effort Gu, and with just normal attacks.”

Ha!

He shouted and in two large strides, he reached the nearest stone pillar.

His right palm smacked heavily towards the stone pillar.

Growl!

A brown bear phantom image suddenly appeared in mid air behind Fang Yuan. It was quite plump, and its mouth was filled with dense white sharp fangs. At the same time as Fang Yuan, it raised its right palm and smacked, the movement strikingly similar to Fang Yuan’s.

In that instant, Fang Yuan felt a sudden surge of strength in his right palm!

BOOM.

A huge sound thundered at the impact of Fang Yuan’s smack on the stone pillar.

The stone pillar, which needed two people to wrap around it, immediately broke by the smack, producing a loud sound as it collapsed and formed a small pit on the floor.

The countershock immediately struck Fang Yuan and shocked his right palm into numbness.

Fang Yuan had been using brown bear innate strength Gu since he bought it and now he mastered it, increasing his strength by the strength of a bear.

“I needed to hit the stone pillar dozens of times before I could break it. But after using the all-out effort Gu, I broke it in just one smack…”

Fang Yuan clearly perceived the difference.

All-out effort Gu was a support type Gu and not an attack type. But once used, it could produce a devastating blow!

Fang Yuan’s battle strength before and after getting it was like the difference between night and day.

Using a support Gu as the core was quite rare. Most of the Gu Masters used support Gu in their Gu set, as an assistance to the core Gu.

For instance, Wei Yang used rainbow light Gu, a movement Gu, as the core; the offensive broadsword light Gu as one of the main support and light source Gu as another support. As a support, light source Gu could only decrease the primeval essence expenditure of light type Gu worms.

However, the all-out effort Gu was completely capable of filling the core position even as a support Gu. Just from this, one could tell how precious it was.

“But… canopy Gu might have impressive defense but it is too rigid. If I change it to golden shield Gu, there should be a clear difference in results.” Fang Yuan pondered.

During the punching and kicking test just now, he used canopy Gu, otherwise his hands and legs would certainly be destroyed.

The effect of force is mutual.

Although Fang Yuan’s bones were iron bones, his skin, flesh, tendons and blood were all normal. Without the use of canopy Gu, the smack attack just before would have mangled up his flesh and muscles, although his bones would be fine.

However, golden shield Gu was temporarily not available.

Fang Yuan also did not have money right now.

At the start, he had over nine hundred thousand primeval stones, but Bai Ning Bing took half of it. Then, he spent a lot strolling around the rock gambling dens for all-out effort Gu. The expenditure for basic needs along with feeding his Gu worms were rather high especially in Shang Clan’s third inner city. Next, he used a lot of primeval stones to change his Gu line-up; eight days ago at battle stage, he gave eighty thousand primeval stones to Li Ran in front of everyone.

Now, Fang Yuan not only had no money, he was also in debt. Because, according to the poison vow contract, he still needed to give a hundred and twenty thousand primeval stones to Li Ran.

Fang Yuan knew this was a necessary investment.

Reputation was second, the important thing was to stabilize Li Ran by showing an attitude of sincere cooperation, despite him already using eating one’s words Gu to disperse the poison vow Gu on him several days ago.

Li Ran was an unexpected gain for Fang Yuan. There would be traces left behind if he killed Li Ran which would attract Shang Clan’s doubts and ruin his plans, so he did not do it.

To Fang Yuan, Li Ran was a chess piece which was not easy to use but had its own use. Someday in future, he might be able to obtain the rank five refinement recipe for all-out effort Gu from Wu Clan through Li Ran.

Right now, the most important thing was to stabilize Wu Clan through Li Ran.

Three days earlier, Li Ran used the emergency contact method to contact the emissary. He expressed that Fang Yuan could be used well. Like this, the chance of Wu Clan taking revenge was small.

Fang Yuan possessed purple thorn token which meant Shang Clan was paying attention to him. Fang Yuan was also a rank three Gu Master and his battle strength increased sharply with the all-out effort Gu. If Wu Clan really wanted to retaliate, they would have to send rank three or rank four Gu Masters. Mobilizing these elder level strengths would smash apart the tacit understanding of secret battles between high-tiered clans.

The benefit of saving Li Ran was evident here.

“Again.” Fang Yuan swept away his unorganized thoughts and gave a low shout.

He lowered his body, held his arms and with a shift of his mind, five percent of his light silver primeval essence poured into vertical crash Gu.

Vertical crash!

The Gu’s mystical ability immediately and uncontrollably sent his legs rushing forward.

Bang bang bang!

He dashed forward dozen of steps in a perfectly straight line, continuously knocking down three stone pillars. When he reached the fourth stone pillar, the pillar shook continuously but did not fall down in the end.

This was the result of Fang Yuan not using all-out effort Gu.

Vertical crash Gu was a movement Gu Fang Yuan bought, its ability was to break through by force.

If there were no obstacles, the straight charging momentum could last for fifty steps before it stopped. If there were obstacles, the momentum would last for less than fifty steps.

This Gu was more suitable for Fang Yuan compared to jumping grass.

Jumping grass’s jumping ability came from the Gu worm’s strength, while vertical crash Gu’s strength came from Fang Yuan’s body.

As Fang Yuan becomes stronger, the vertical crash Gu’s forceful break through ability would also increase. In the battle with Li Ran, Fang Yuan had used vertical crash Gu in combination with boar phantom; the combination was perfect and inflicted heavy injuries to Li Ran!

Horizontal charge!

Fang Yuan activated a Gu, his whole body immediately charged horizontally like a tyrannical crab, smashing the stone pillars.

This was horizontal charge Gu and was similar to vertical crash Gu, except it charged horizontally.

Fang Yuan had sold jumping grass and bought horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu as his movement Gu.

These two Gu allow the Gu Master to exert force while moving and were extremely suitable for strength path Gu Masters. The movement itself became a means of attack.

“When I reach rank four, I can then fuse these two Gu into charging crash Gu and continue using them.”

This was a long term investment which also indirectly saved money.

Next, Fang Yuan alternatively used these two Gu and crashed here and there on the small square, like a wild bull.

This time, he multi-tasked.

Not only did he use horizontal charge Gu or vertical crash Gu alternatively, he also simultaneously used all-out effort Gu.

The stone pillars were sent flying before collapsing fiercely on the ground and producing dull thuds now and then.

“Using boar strength phantom can send five stone pillars flying and knock down eight. Using bear strength phantom can send seven pillars flying and knock down five. Using crocodile strength phantom can send three stone pillars flying and knock down four.”

Fang Yuan carefully experienced these subtle differences.

It was clear that boar was suitable for charging and the longer the distance of the charge, better the result. Brown bear possessed formidable strength at first before becoming weaker later. As for the crocodile, it was clearly not suitable method for charging attack.

“Right now, all-out effort Gu can only activate the phantom of one Gu. I can’t use boar strength phantom and bear strength phantom at the same time. That is to say, my strength of two boars is somewhat wasteful. If it was changed to some other beast strength, they could strengthen other aspects of attacking.”

“Now I have strength of two boars, strength of a bear and strength of a crocodile; this has reached the limit of what my body can bear. It is time to use steel tendon Gu.”

Fang Yuan had already bought steel tendon Gu.

Steel tendon and iron bones perfectly complemented each other.

But steel tendon Gu was different from iron bone Gu. The latter was an expendable type Gu while the former needed to be continuously used for a period of time before it could bring qualitative change to Fang Yuan’s tendons, turning them into steel tendons.

Fang Yuan called for a servant to clean up the messed up square and returned to his secret room.

He did not want to waste even a second and began using steel tendon Gu to reform his body.

Three days later, fifth inner city’s battle stage.

A blue shirt burly man stood in front of Fang Yuan, his breathing was rough and his heart still had lingering fear.

“I only crossed five to six moves with this kid and suffered heavy injuries. The all-out effort Gu really can’t be stopped… every move can bring out a beast phantom. Truly terrifying!”

This blue shirt burly man stared tightly at Fang Yuan, barely raising his spirits.

“I can’t lose! As long as I defeat him, I can get all-out effort Gu as per the battle stage’s rules. With this Gu, I can also cultivate strength path!”

As the blue shirt burly man thought of this, he gave a fierce growl and pounced upon Fang Yuan.

Water prison Gu!

He opened his mouth wide and spit out a blue ball of water. The water ball rapidly expanded and trapped Fang Yuan inside it.

Fang Yuan coldly snorted and casually punched inside the water.

Boar strength phantom!

The water ball shook thrice before becoming deformed but did not collapse.

“It is no use. To deal with you, I purposely took a high interest loan and bought this rank three water prison Gu.” The blue shirt burly man proudly laughed.

Fang Yuan’s gaze turned cold and without any panic, punched again.

Bear strength phantom!

The water ball fiercely shook, deforming intensely and almost collapsed, but still returned to its original state in the end.

“Beast strength is hard, the flow of water is soft. Use softness to subdue hardness, you can’t break it.” The blue shirt burly man took a deep breath and relaxed his mind.

But right at this time.

Fang Yuan raised his leg and kicked to the side. Crocodile strength phantom!

Crocodile strength was different from boar and brown bear; it was an amphibious creature and was very adept at the water element.

Bang!

The water prison was smashed into pieces.

“What?!” The blue shirt burly man was pale with fright.

Vertical crash Gu!

Thump.

The blue shirt burly man was sent flying by Fang Yuan, blood spurted out of his mouth in large amounts and he only landed on the ground after flying for twenty full steps.

He struggled violently to get up, but he fell down again before he could stand even a little.

There were no movements anymore.

He was dead.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 289: Can’t stop me 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Even Wang Han lost and died in the battle stage.”

“This lad is too ruthless, he does not know how to show mercy!”

“The all-out effort Gu is strong indeed…”

Outside the stage, spectators discussed.

Fang Yuan kicked and destroyed the water prison, charging over and killing the blue shirt man from the impact, causing the battle to end.

The blue shirt man’s chest was completely caved in, as his white ribs were exposed, soon, blood dyed the battle stage’s field red.

The hosting Gu Master walked onto the stage and declared Fang Yuan’s victory.

The blue shirt man’s corpse was left lying there, no one was dealing it with at the moment.

From the hosting Gu Master, Fang Yuan took back the vine information Gu, and looked into the Gu, he had seventeen victories now, with zero losses.

After all, this was the fifth inner city battle stage, it was mostly made up of rank two Gu Masters, Fang Yuan had the cultivation advantage plus the all-out effort Gu, after his first few matches, in the subsequent battles, he only took a few moves to win.

These victories earned him a large number of primeval stones.

Winning in the battle stage, you not only get your opponent’s Gu worms, you can also receive primeval stones as a reward from the battle stage.

The more the spectators, the more primeval stones you earn.

“Li Ran, this is fifty thousand primeval stones, I’m passing this to you in public in case you try to defame me in the future.” Under everyone’s watchful gaze, Fang Yuan took out a bag of primeval stones.

Li Ran walked out from the crowd, receiving the primeval stones with a smiling face as numerous envious people watched.

“Fang Zheng, you truly kept your word. First, you passed me eighty thousand, and now fifty thousand, a total of a hundred and thirty thousand primeval stones already.” He cupped his fists, saying that as he left.

The crowd went wild.

“This Fang Zheng, first he gave eighty thousand, next fifty thousand, where did he get all those stones?” Some did not understand.

“It is not strange, during these two weeks, he got consecutive victories in the battle stage, the fame of the all-out effort Gu attracted many spectators. Every match earns him thousands of primeval stones. After a few battles, he would have several tens of thousands.” Someone replied in a sour tone.

“Not just that, this lad is ruthless, killing his opponent almost every match. Very few people can survive a match with him, thus he can get around two to three Gu worms per battle. After selling them, that is another sum of primeval stones.” Someone snorted, revealing Fang Yuan’s brutal acts.

“This Fang Zheng is too much, he is advancing by stepping on our corpses.” Someone was furious.

Someone sighed: “We are all demonic Gu Masters, why is there a need to kill each other? Sigh…”

Someone exclaimed: “But to speak the truth, this Fang Zheng has his merits. Actually passing Li Ran two hundred thousand primeval stones as promised. To speak the truth, if I was in that position…”

Once he said so, the crowd became silent.

But someone quickly retorted: “He hasn’t finished paying the two hundred thousand primeval stones. We can talk again after he pays the full sum.”

Looking at fang Yuan leaving, someone laughed coldly among the crowd: “His good days are coming to an end. In five days’ time, it would be the date where Li Hao forcefully challenges him.”

“Li Hao? Didn’t he ascend to fourth inner city already?”

“Just a little bit to go, hmph, I can’t wait to watch this battle!”

“Hehe, this lad is too arrogant, let Li Hao teach him a lesson.”

Swish swish swish…

In the aperture, primeval essence ebbed and flowed, waves appearing on surface of the light silver primeval sea.

Steel tendon Gu swam in the sea, absorbing primeval essence as it emitted a black light.

It was shaped like an earthworm, but had a black body and the surface was not as soft as an earthworm, instead, there was an oily and shiny exoskeleton.

It emitted an eerie light, penetrating the aperture and shining on every part of Fang Yuan’s body.

Under the influence of the eerie light, Fang Yuan’s muscles and tendons were covered in an oily dark color, causing them to become more firm and strong.

After half a day, Fang Yuan stopped using the steel tendon Gu.

He had sweated a lot, his breathing was rough, and his head felt slightly dizzy.

The feeling of using the steel tendon Gu was not comfortable, it gave a sort of numb, painful and itchy feeling, invading his nerves, it put the endurance of the Gu Master to test.

An ordinary Gu Master, when using the steel tendon Gu, it would take half a year to complete.

But in Fang Yuan’s plans, he condensed the time to a month.

This means, the amount of time Fang Yuan uses on the steel tendon Gu a day is six times of an ordinary person, it was a strict test of his willpower and endurance.

“I have to treasure every minute and second, to cultivate! Increasing my strength as fast as possible!”

“I need primeval stones, the battle stage is the best way to earn. But if I lose a match, I would lose the all-out effort Gu. I might be able to use the purple thorn token to stop them, but I would have to pay a huge price in other aspects!”

“I cannot lose at all! I am like a battle horse charging rapidly now, as my battle strength rises. But if I lose one match, it would be game over. My rapid growth would experience a huge setback.”

“Shang clan city is merely a starting point, how can I fall here? In this life, I have to become a Gu Immortal, I have to breakthrough to rank seven, eight, and nine. I want to ascend to the peak, and see the view that I did not manage to in my previous life. Legend says that beyond rank nine, it is the supreme realm of immortality! It is easy to have a long life, but to be an immortal, no one has ever managed to do it.”

“The highest point for a lifeform is to reach immortality, their greatest desire is immortality. What is the point of wealth, it is merely a hoarding addiction. What men and women, it is just primal instincts. What reputation, it is just bullshit people spew about you, carrying the stench of depravity.”

“Wealth, beauty, reputation, status, people who pursue all these are short-sighted. Back on Earth, there was no choice, as everyone was going to die eventually, thus they can only pursue these or life would be meaningless. But in this world, where primeval essence is rich, why would we not pursue immortality given the possibility?”

“For the sake of immortality, wealth, beauty, reputation, status, I can make use of all of them, and I can also discard them as easily! For immortality, fear cannot stop me, I will charge forward relentlessly! For immortality, laziness will not stop me, I will never slack even for a moment! For immortality, pain cannot stop me, gods and demons cannot stop me, even heaven and earth cannot stop me!”

As he affirmed his belief, Fang Yuan’s black eerie eyes seemed to burn with a scarlet red demonic blaze.

After his rest was over, he activated the steel tendon Gu again without hesitation.

The dark eerie light shone on his body, even penetrating his skin.

In the silent secret room, his expression was extremely cold, like a statue made of steel, giving off the feeling of an everlasting toughness.

What numbness, pain or itching, they were merely tiny ripples in his heart.

Others might not be able to stand it, but that does not mean Fang Yuan cannot!

If stubbornness is demonic, then Fang Yuan is a demon among demons.

No matter how many times he dies, it would not influence his resolve! No matter what setbacks he faces, they would only be firewood that allows the demonic ambitions in his heart to burn even more brightly.

…

Bam!

The loud sound reverberated in the battle stage.

Rocks and soil flew, as a blast of air swept the battlefield, although his opponent escaped the fatal blow, he was still pushed away by the air current and retreated over ten steps.

The dust cloud dispersed, and the culprit behind this attack revealed its true form.

This was a giant toad!

It was larger than a mammoth, having two eyes as large as stone mills. Its body was grey and had a huge stomach and strong limbs. There was green moss on its skin, and even some tiny rocks on the surface.

What gathered the most attention, was its back.

Its back was extremely swollen, like it was carrying a small hill!

This hill was the real deal, completely made of mountain rocks, about ten and a half feet high. It had many layers and folds, like it was shaved by swords and axes. Grass and weed grew on the mountain rocks, and there were even two or three trees.

This was the rank three Gu, named mountain back toad. It was heavy and cumbersome, its signature move was to leap up, and crash down like a mountain.

Earlier, it had displayed this move, and caused an earthquake to strike the battle stage, many spectators lost their balance and many things toppled.

“This attack is too strong, really too strong!”

“What a grand sight, even a spectator would feel his heart thumping.”

“The mountain back toad is like a castle, attack and defense all in one. The only weakness is a lack of speed, but its owner perfectly covered up this weakness!”

Everyone discussed as they looked at this mountain back toad, but quickly shifted their gaze to a Gu Master.

This Gu Master wore a flowery robe, was thin, and had a delicate appearance.

Although he was a man, he had makeup and powder on his face, as he stood at one end of the battle stage, playing with his long fingernails.

His name is Li Hao, rank three cultivation with a rich combat experience. He was especially proficient in dealing with strength path Gu Masters.

“Just you alone, you want to compete with me? Hehe, admit defeat, don’t waste my time.” Li Hao stared at his fingernails, not even giving his opponent a glance.

“Scoundrel, looking down on me! Take this!” His opponent was also someone commonly seen in the battle stage, being humiliated in public like this, his face contorted with anger as he gritted his teeth and pounced on Li Hao.

Li Hao looked at him silently. As the opponent rapidly approached, Li Hao laughed coldly: “You have not learnt your lesson, was it not enough? Then, I’ll let you experience it again.”

Position swap Gu!

Li Hao’s gaze gave off a strange light as he looked at his mountain back toad.

In a breath’s time, he vanished on the spot, appearing at the mountain back toad’s location.

At the same time, the mountain back toad appeared at his former location.

Using the position swap Gu, he swapped places with the mountain back Gu.

His opponent was rushing towards Li Hao, but in a split second, the mountain back toad appeared before him.

Bam!

Mountain back toad jumped, and like a flying mountain, it sent the opponent flying.

The battle ended just as expected!

“Mountain back toad with position swap Gu, such a battle strategy is unbeatable.”

“That’s right, the position swap Gu can not only change the mountain back toad’s location, it can also swap with the opponent. This completely eliminates the mountain back toad’s weakness of low movement speed.”

“After this battle, Li Hao has twenty-nine net victories. Just one more, and he can rise to fourth inner city.”

“Hurry and leave, no one can stop him here anymore.”

“Who is his final opponent? Eh, it is that super lucky guy who got the legendary Gu.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

In the blink of an eye, five days passed.

Fang Yuan had another battle scheduled.

“Your opponent today has quite the background.” Wei Yang walked towards Fang Yuan, instructing him to be careful.

Fang Yuan nodded.

He had never fought without adequate preparations, after being in an alliance with Li Ran, he obtained a lot of valuable information about the battle stage participants.

Li Ran was a spy, undercover for eight years, his job was to gather information anyway. His understanding of the battle stage surpasses even Wei Yang.

“Li Hao was also once a strength cultivator, rising to fourth inner city. He once had a glorious past, but encountered a bottleneck. In terms of strength cultivators, they were strong at the start, but start to show weakness in the middle stage, stuck there with no way to progress further. Li Hao was greatly traumatised, giving up on the strength path and changing to a support style.”

“Well, it was due to him finally getting lucky, choosing a good rock in the gambling den and obtaining the rare position swap Gu. With his rich experience, he immediately sold all the Gu he had and purchased a mountain back toad in the auction house.”

“Next, he relied on the cooperation between these two Gu and won all the matches he participated in. Relying on the Gu and primeval stones he won, he slowly accumulated his assets and gathered a new set of Gu worms. He is forcefully challenging you because he wants that all-out effort Gu, you have to be careful.”

Wei Yang said, as he patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders and blended into the crowd.

Fang Yuan looked deeply at Wei Yang, as he walked onto the arena.

Whenever there was an important battle, Wei Yang would come and watch. Fang Yuan understood he was mere to act as mental support for Fang Yuan. One reason was because Shang clan wanted to recruit him, but more likely…

It was because he treated Fang Yuan as a real brother!

Relationships between people is this weird.

Some people interact for tens of years without getting closer. Some people just talk once and become close friends.

Fang Yuan understood Wei Yang’s emotions. He could see his former shadow in Fang Yuan. This strong sense of acknowledgement, as well as Fang Yuan’s candid nature, made him treat Fang Yuan as a close friend.

“Wei Yang…” Fang Yuan thought, as he walked to the center of the arena.

The terrain of this arena is a large sized swamp. Black rotten mud, giving off a putrid smell, and there were even puddles everywhere.

Li Hao had not arrived yet.

Outside the battle stage, large number of spectators were gathered.

This was the most people Fang Yuan had seen at any of his battles. Standing on the arena, he looked around to see people all around him.

Everyone conversed at the same time, causing the entire battle stage to be full of noise and chattering.

“This Fang Zheng is in trouble today!”

“He had been so arrogant these days, he should be taught a lesson.”

“Youngsters think too highly of themselves, he really thinks one all-out effort Gu makes him invincible!”

“Li Hao is here.” Someone shouted.

The crowd went silent, before going wild again, their voices bursting through the roof.

At the entrance, Li Hao appeared.

“Lord Li Hao, we’re all counting on you!”

“May you win your thirtieth match and advance to fourth inner city.”

Among the crowd, many people shouted, some screamed.

Compared to Fang Yuan, they thought more highly of Li Hao. When Fang Yuan first came, he was extremely arrogant, killing many opponents, ruthless and cruel. He had the purple thorn token, causing everyone to be jealous of his good luck.

In contrast, Li Hao was a veteran in the battle stage. He had first walked on the strength path, then fell from fourth inner city. He had risen from the lowest part of his life, signifying the spirit of ‘never give up’ in the battle stage, it would ignite everyone’s passion.

Li Hao carried a light smile as he walked onto the stage.

He was thin, wearing a flowery robe and makeup, as he walked casually towards Fang Yuan.

But around sixty steps away, he stopped, not advancing further.

Fang Yuan, in his previous few fights, used the vertical crash Gu to assault his opponents, sending them flying, easily winning in one strike. Li Hao was a veteran in the battle stage, he obviously made preparations for that.

The vertical crash Gu’s effective range was fifty steps, he was safe at the sixtieth border.

“Strength cultivator, hehe…” He gave Fang Yuan a sweeping glance, filled with disdain: “Young man, unfortunately, your consecutive victory ends here. Do you know, looking at you now, it is just like me in the past. There is no future in the strength path, so what if you have the all-out effort Gu? Thank me, after I defeat you today, you will know it is for your own good, letting you understand the insufficiency of the strength path.”

He started lecturing Fang Yuan with his status as a senior.

“You sure talk a lot, can you shut up?” Fang Yuan folded his arms, with a plain expression.

“You…” Li Hao’s face flushed with fury, as his laughter was filled with animosity: “Hehehe, young man, you do not respect your elders, you are bound to suffer.”

At this time, with the sound of the bell, the hosting Gu Master announced the start of the battle.

Vertical crash Gu!

Fang Yuan took a big stride, charging forward.

Pew!

The soil under his feet danced like waves, splashing high up on his left and right.

“Wow, what a grand sight.” Li Hao laughed lightly.

He knew very clearly the vertical crash Gu could only charge fifty steps ahead. Every time it is used, there is a cooldown period of five breaths.

He was sixty steps away, it might seem dangerous, but he was completely safe.

This terrain was advantage to him. A muddy terrain was unlike a rough and flat surface, it was not suited for charging type attacks.

As expected, Fang Yuan charged forty-five steps and stopped.

But soon after, Fang Yuan turned his body to one side, facing Li Hao with his side view.

Horizontal charge Gu!

The soil and mud were split apart as the phantom image of a wild boar appeared, with a charging action, its speed raised sharply, wild and tough. In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan reached Li Hao.

If he was hit, he would definitely vomit blood and break a few bones.

Li Hao went pale, at the crucial moment, he activated his vital Gu.

Position swap!

In an instant, he swapped with Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was facing Li Hao as he charged, but now, Li Hao was behind him as he charged ahead, getting further away from Li Hao.

“I was careless!” In just this moment, Li Hao’s forehead was pouring with sweat.

He did not think that Fang Yuan would be much of a threat to him. After knowing Fang Yuan had the vertical crash Gu and horizontal charge Gu, he did not think much about it, but that almost caused him to be severely injured.

At the crucial moment, his years of experience saved him.

Compared to defending, why not dodge.

One position swap, and Fang Yuan missed.

No matter how great your strength, as long as you hit air, you cannot cause damage, it is pointless.

“This lad has the all-out effort Gu, every move of his strikes hard. I sold my strength Gu and got rid of the beast strength in my body, I cannot compete with him head on.”

Li Hao calmed his nerves, and retreated.

He used his movement Gu, his body turning light as the wind, floating backwards, rapidly pulling distance from Fang Yuan.

At the same time, he raised his finger and pointed at the sky, as a green light shot out from his aperture, towards the sky.

It was a jade green light, stopping in mid air, then exploded.

Under the glaring light, the body of the mountain back toad showed itself, descending.

There was a black shadow on the ground, engulfing Fang Yuan, and got larger over time.

Five breaths had long passed, Fang Yuan looked at Li Hao, and activated the vertical crash Gu, charging over.

He raised his speed rapidly, quickly getting out of the shadow’s range.

THe moment he got out, the mountain back toad landed.

Bam!

A loud bang, and the entire battle stage trembled, as black mud and soil flew into the air like tidal waves.

The waves splashed to the edge of the arena, causing the spectators to dodge instinctively, but a huge dark red shield protected them.

The battle stage obviously had defensive Gu to protect the audiences.

“It appeared, Lord Li Hao’s mountain back toad!” Seeing this, someone screamed in excitement.

“Even if Fang Zheng charges at Li Hao, it is pointless. Li hao only needs to use the position swap Gu, and easily change position with the mountain back toad… hehehe.”

But Fang Yuan did not charge at Li Hao.

He stopped in his tracks.

The black mud splashed on him like a wave, but were repelled by the canopy Gu’s white armor.

Horizontal charge Gu.

After the waves subsided, he tilted his body away from the mountain back toad, and charged horizontally towards it.

 Howl!

The roar of a bear was heard, as a brown bear phantom appeared, howling at the sky, giving off its wild aura.

Bam!

Fang Yuan slammed on the mountain back toad’s body, causing the toad to sway.

But that was it.

The mountain back toad’s unique hill was made of mountain rocks that have great density. It was one of the heaviest rank three Gu.

Once its four legs stood on the ground, it was like an unmovable mountain, causing everyone to gasp at its firmness.

But Fang Yuan did not care, he raised both arms and smashed on it like a hammer.

Howl!

Above his head, the phantoms of boar, brown bear, and crocodile appeared one after another.

His punches tore through the winds as he attacked without restraint. Hitting on the mountain back toad, thunderous sounds went off like firecrackers.

Such a fierce attack sent the spectators into deep fear, as cold sweat ran down their back.

“If I was the target, I would not have a complete corpse by now!”

“The all-out effort Gu is too strong, really too strong.”

“But Fang Zheng’s brain is fried, not attacking Li Hao but instead, punching that mountain.”

…

The defense of the mountain back toad was impressive, even with Fang Yuan’s ferocious attacks, it did not move, causing people to feel helpless against it.

But Fang Yuan had a cold expression, the more he attacked, the fiercer it got, like this toad had a great feud with him.

Li Hao’s expression changed.

No matter how tough the mountain back toad was, it had its limits, it could not endure this rain of punches anymore.

Gua gua gua…

The mountain back toad started shouting, as the pain was exceeding its limits.

“This cannot go on!” Li Hao’s heart jumped, as he willed and rode on the mountain back toad.

Mountain back toad started to counter attack, stepping on the mud and charging at Fang Yuan.

With its weight, if Fang Yuan took this head on, he would definitely be sent flying.

Horizontal charge Gu.

His eyes shone brightly, moving away at the last moment, dodging the mountain back toad’s attack.

Getting around the toad’s body, and hitting again!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 291: Fang Yuan vs Li Hao (2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Roar!

The beast phantom appeared with a flash and gave a loud roar; the mountain back toad croaked in pain and suddenly slammed towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan snorted and dodged.

Mountain back toad carried a small hill on its back; it was very heavy and had a slow speed, so Fang Yuan could easily dodge it.

Horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu were used in succession; mountain back toad repeatedly tried to attack Fang Yuan but could not even touch his clothes.

The audience was watching the match with stupefied expressions.

The mountain back toad was a lofty and immovable image in everyone’s minds, but right now, it was crying out from Fang Yuan’s attacks.

“This kid is actually so violent!” Li Hao was starting to get worried. He gritted his teeth and prompted the mountain back toad to jump.

“You brat, I am going to smash you into minced meat!” Li Hao cracked a sneer; his mind full of killing intent.

However, mountain back toad’s shadow was not over Fang Yuan.

Instead, it was over Li Hao.

Mountain back toad’s enormous body began to fall down and smash heavily on Li Hao.

Most of the audience were so stupefied that they could not react in time. Only Wei Yang and a few others’ eyes shone as they realized Li Hao’s battle tactic.

Just using mountain back toad to smash Fang Yuan was likely to fail easily.

Fang Yuan possessed horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu; he could completely dodge the attack.

However, the mountain back toad was landing on Li Hao and Li Hao could use position swap Gu to change his position with Fang Yuan. As long as he grasped the proper timing, he could prevent Fang Yuan from reacting in time and be crushed by the mountain back toad.

With a weight like that of mountain back toad, even if Fang Yuan was not squashed to death, he would absolutely suffer heavy injuries.

However, the moment mountain back toad jumped in the air, Fang Yuan immediately charged towards Li Hao!

By using horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu, he soon reached Li Hao.

“Accursed brat, he actually saw through my plan!” Li Hao was very annoyed right now.

There was still some distance between Fang Yuan and him now, but if he used position swap Gu now, Fang Yuan would have enough time to dodge mountain back toad’s attack.

But if he did not use it now and Fang Yuan stuck close to him, even if he used position swap Gu to change positions, it would be too late to escape and he would be crushed to death along with Fang Yuan by the mountain back toad.

Helplessly, Li Hao activated position swap Gu and changed position with Fang Yuan.

Bam!

The mountain back toad landed on the ground, Fang Yuan, as expected, used horizontal charge to dodge.

He was always paying attention to the cooldown period of horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu. There were three breaths of time interval between them. Taking into account the time taken to charge fifty steps, he would always have a movement Gu to use.

These small details often determined success or failure.

Fang Yuan accumulated a rich combat experience in his previous life, allowing him to have no flaws.

He again charged towards mountain back toad, punching and kicking with an all-out offensive. Beast phantoms also appeared one after another, making his attacks extremely fierce.

Stones flew about, mountain back toad got into a dangerous situation again and began croaking.

The audiences who were hooting before fell silent.

Many watched this scene, startled and their jaws opened wide.

All-out effort Gu became so powerful and tyrannical in Fang Yuan’s hands, even mountain back toad could only turn into a punching bag and fall into a vulnerable position!

One side was like wildfire, extremely intense; but at Li Hao’s side, it was quiet and still.

Li Hao had never expected Fang Yuan to persevere in attacking the mountain back toad so relentlessly.

His previous opponents had all ignored mountain back toad and tried attacking Li Hao. If Li Hao was defeated, there was no need to worry about mountain back toad.

This was the strategy that smart people used!

But Fang Yuan apparently chose the most stupid target to attack.

He concentrated all his strength on mountain back toad and paid no heed to Li Hao.

Li Hao was given the cold-shoulder, he felt like he had become a spectator who was not related to the situation; the situation was truly embarrassing!

Beast phantoms continually flashed and converged in the air. Fang Yuan moved around mountain back toad and attacked fiercely.

Mountain back toad’s enormous and mighty physique now looked so clumsy.

“Not good, mountain back toad is coughing out blood!” Li Hao who was watching the scene from afar felt his body go cold.

Position swap Gu!

Strange lights flashed in his eyes as he captured Fang Yuan’s image.

The next instant, Fang Yuan’s field of view had changed greatly, he was moved far away by Li Hao in a split second.

In contrast, Li Hao took Fang Yuan’s position and was standing beside mountain back toad.

He placed his palms on mountain back toad and started healing it.

He was inwardly startled by the injuries on mountain back toad.

He had fought so many matches on the battle stage, but had never seen such serious injuries.

“Am I going to lose this match? Losing to such a young junior? No, impossible!” The intense premonition of defeat rose for the first time in Li Hao’s heart.

Fang Yuan sneered and charged again.

How could he allow Li Hao to heal mountain back toad so openly in front of his eyes?

Seeing Fang Yuan charging over, Li Hao gritted his teeth, but he could only give up on healing and retreated back.

He waited till Fang Yuan had charged in front of mountain back toad before using position swap Gu.

Like this, he was again standing beside mountain back toad and Fang Yuan was far away.

But Fang Yuan was not worried and still charged over.

Li Hao’s healing was repeatedly disrupted while Fang Yuan’s attacks also had no effect.

Despite this, Fang Yuan still kept on charging over without giving up.

Several repeated attempts later, it was Li Hao instead who stopped healing; his complexion mixed.

The audience could not make any sense of this.

But there were still some smart people.

“Fang Zheng’s repeated attacks appear to be useless but actually Li Hao’s primeval essence was greatly consumed.”

“That’s right. Although position swap Gu is mystical, it has its flaws and huge primeval essence consumption is one.”

“The further the distance and stronger the target, the more primeval essence Li Hao needs to expend to activate position swap Gu.”

“Fang Zheng possesses the strength of two boars, a crocodile and a bear; the primeval essence consumption of Li Hao to use position swap Gu is definitely a lot. Moreover, he still wanted to heal mountain back toad, even a rank three’s primeval essence can’t support such intense usage.”

Li Hao also realized this and thus stopped his healing attempt.

He did not have much primeval essence left now.

If it were his previous opponents, he could still continue with his rank three white silver primeval essence. But his opponent now, Fang Yuan was also a rank three Gu master and had already established superiority in terms of primeval essence.

Looking at Fang Yuan charging over again, Li Hao hesitated but had no choice but to go ahead.

Fang Yuan clenched his fists and immediately abandoned the mountain back toad, attacking towards Li Hao.

Bang bang bang.

His fists broke the air, the momentum and fierceness they contained were incomparable, like tides striking the cliff.

Several moves later, Li Hao could not endure it anymore!

Although he had other Gu, his true core was the mountain back toad and position swap Gu.

In order to decrease the primeval essence consumption of position swap Gu, he had completely removed the beast phantoms hidden in his body.

Fang Yuan’s offensive was extremely fierce like the howling storm, making Li Hao have difficulty breathing.

Li Hao relied on his previous foundation of a strength cultivator to forcefully withstand few moves before he had no choice but use position swap Gu to change places with mountain back toad.

Fang Yuan did not pursue Li Hao but began attacking mountain back toad.

Phantoms of boar, brown bear and crocodile flashed one after another.

Rocks flew about and mountain back toad spurted out large mouthful of blood, counterattacking in a frenzy.

But Fang Yuan used horizontal charge and vertical crash Gu alternatively; as such, mountain back toad’s counterattacks looked really clumsy.

“How could it be like this….”

“Even Lord Li Hao had to fight personally and share the burden with mountain back toad.”

“Fang Zheng’s attacks are terrifyingly fierce, suppressing both Li Hao and mountain back toad.”

The match’s progress was beyond most of the audience’s expectation. Every since Li Hao abandoned strength path and changed into support path, they had never seen him fall into such a predicament.

Li Hao’s battle tactics were pretty good. The combination of position swap Gu and mountain back toad was brilliant.

Even Fang Yuan could not crack this battle tactic.

However…

He did not need to crack it!

He had never thought of cracking it, just swinging his arms, and continuing his all-out strategy. No matter who appears in front of me, I will beat them!

This seems like a foolish move, but actually concealed great wisdom in it.

Savagery and tyrannical momentum was unleashed like this.

“This is a good method.” Some people’s eyes brightened, “If I were to fight Li Hao in the future, I need to be like Fang Zheng; disregarding everything else and attacking mountain back toad.”

As soon as these words came out, the person’s words was denied and mocked by others beside him.

“Nonsense! You want to imitate him, is your brain okay? Fang Zheng can do this because he is a strength cultivator and his primeval essence expenditure is low. You are a fire path cultivator, you attacking mountain back toad is exactly what Li Hao would want to see.”

Without primeval essence, a Gu Master’s battle strength was sure to fall sharply and would be almost equal to a mortal.

In a battle, the side with higher primeval essence was often dominant. And as the gap between primeval essence quantity increased, this dominance increased further.

The Gu Master who thought of imitating Fang Yuan heard this and immediately choked with no way to retort.

Someone patted his head and said as if he had comprehended something: “I suddenly see that strength cultivators have their advantages.”

“That’s right.” Someone sitting nearby immediately replied, “Strength cultivators’ attacks draws the strength of their bodies, thus strength Gu Masters have a common advantage in that they have little primeval essence consumption.”

“Every cultivation path has its own advantage and disadvantage. Strength path being renowned back in the Antiquity Era was not without reasons.”

Everyone looked at the stage again.

Li Hao and mountain back toad were retreating step by step under Fang Yuan’s fierce attacks.

All-out effort Gu’s primeval essence consumption was very small.

And Fang Yuan’s true attacking power came from his several beast phantoms.

But these beast phantoms by themselves did not expend any primeval essence!

This was the most absurd part!

If it were other Gu Masters in Fang Yuan’s place, they would have been tired after dozens of rounds, but Fang Yuan’s attacks became fiercer the longer he continued.

His momentum continually rose, his fists carried with it the sound of the wind and were extremely tyrannical; the sound they produced were like the roars of ferocious tigers or the growls of giant bears!

From Fang Yuan’s performance, the crowd could see the grand and proud demeanour of strength path cultivators from the ancient times!

His heartbeat pulsed rapidly and his blood raced; Fang Yuan felt more pleasant the more he fought.

Since rebirth, he had been extremely cautious in his actions which accumulated suppressed feelings in his heart, and now as he punched and kicked fanatically, those feelings were all let out.

The gloominess in his heart was swept clean.

No doubt, obtaining all-out effort Gu was a turning point in Fang Yuan’s life.

Before this, he had to rush about busily, always in danger, not even able to fill his stomach properly. Encountering even a slightly larger problem would require him to think and ponder extensively.

But after obtaining all-out effort Gu, he finally had the qualification to be proud and could use his fists to resolve many things.

Like now, he did not need to crack Li Hao’s brilliant battle tactic and could just use his fists to sweep across.

Demons was cunning but they were even more tyrannical!

Sweeping the heaven and earth, engulfing the mountains and rivers, blood splashing the world, absolute strength prevails over all schemes!

You are fierce; I am fiercer than you. You are unreasonable; I am more unreasonable than you!

Demon! Demon! Demon!

Kill! Kill! Kill!

Fang Yuan fought to his heart’s content, his emotions surging intensely inside him; finally, he could bear it no longer and the emotions poured out like a torrent.

“Because hardships strengthen resolve, the strong-minded will not be lured by worldly affairs. Today I step on grass; later I shall step on mountains and rivers!”

From today, I will walk on the path of supremacy!

Sweep the earth and laugh at the world.

Tread the green mountains; step on the blue seas; bind the blue dragon; assault the sky!

Bath in difficulties and sharpen the demonic soul; lift the flag and sing in triumph; defy heaven, defy fate, defy the universe!

Bam!

A punch ruthlessly struck the mountain back toad, the small hill on its back collapsed, blood flowed out of its body as it was beaten to death by Fang Yuan!

Horizontal charge, vertical crash!

Li Hao was sent flying for dozen of steps before he fell down on the ground.

Plop, he fell on the mud, no longer moving.

The black mud mixed with dark red blood contaminated his flowery robe.

He paid with his life for his contempt.

The battle ended abruptly. Fang Yuan proudly stood on the spot; his masculine, ferocious aura pervaded the scene.

His declaration still echoed in the battle stage.

Other than that, it was a scene of silence, no one spoke!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 292: Law Fragment, Traces of Great Dao 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

In the secret room, Fang Yuan sat on the cushion, his eyes shut tightly.

Light silver primeval essence continued to pour into the self-reliance Gu.

Self-reliance Gu was diving in the primeval sea in Fang Yuan’s aperture.

It was shaped like a cockroach, a dark-brown colored flat body. There were feelers on its head, and wings on its back.

This was the rank three healing Gu that Fang Yuan purchased for a huge amount of primeval stones.

Self-reliance Gu could be said to be the best Gu for strength cultivating Gu Masters.

The greater the physical strength of the Gu Master, the better the effect of the self-reliance Gu’s healing. In contrast, the weaker the Gu Master, the weaker the healing effect.

Self-reliance, relying on oneself, it meant obtaining the ability to regenerate and heal using one’s own strength.

Fang Yuan had the strength of two boars, one bear and a crocodile, now that he used the self-reliance Gu, the healing effect was on par with the flesh-bone Gu. This was not its limit yet, when Fang Yuan gains new strength from more Gu, its effect would surpass the flesh-bone Gu, continually improving.

But the self-reliance Gu has its weaknesses.

It could not heal others, only the Gu Master himself.

This greatly limited its use.

Moreover, it was expensive, as a rare Gu, it costs forty-five thousand primeval stones! Even more expensive than the sword shadow Gu. Thus, although there were many strength path Gu Masters, few could afford it.

Different from ancient times, strength path Gu Masters now were of the lowest social class, holding jobs that involve physical work. There were many low rank ones, few high rank ones, and even less outstanding ones. Barely any stood at the peak, in the entire southern border, only Empress Wu Ji was a successful story. But even she relied on the ancient strength path inheritance to do so.

This was an era where strength path declined.

Now, Fang Yuan was using the self-reliance Gu to recover his injuries.

In the battle with Li Hao, he had gotten injured.

The biggest culprit was not Li Hao, not the mountain back toad, but Fang Yuan himself.

As he attacked with such a ferocious force, and for such a long time, it caused his muscles and tendons to be overworked, and some of them tore, even the canopy Gu was in bad shape, needing time to recover.

Thankfully, he had used the iron bones Gu before, thus there was no problems with his bones. If not, even his bones would have broke.

Normally, when people exerted too much strength, they would pull a muscle. If a cannon is fired too many times, it would be easy to jam up.

Any kind of strength needed a foundation to contain it. On this aspect, strength path Gu Masters follow the same rule.

Fang Yuan had the canopy Gu and iron bones, but his strength was too great, unleashing such a flurry of attacks, even his muscles could not take it, there was great stress on his organs, blood etc.

After this battle, there were lots of hidden injuries in his body.

Even his sweat had blood traces.

“Since I started using the self-reliance Gu to heal, this is the tenth hour already. Mostly because of the steel tendon Gu, it is making my healing difficult.” Fang Yuan had an understanding of his situation.

Before this, he had been using the steel tendon Gu to transform and train his body. It caused the tendons in his muscles to gain a layer of black color, shining with a metallic glow, becoming tougher.

Right now, his tendons were either pulled or torn, to reconnect and heal them, it would be much harder than an ordinary person’s muscles and tendons.

Why is that so?

Ordinary people might not know why, only treating this as a natural phenomenon. But Fang Yuan knew clearly, he had been a Gu Immortal after all, he knew these involved the natural laws of heaven and earth.

Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth.

Whether the Gu worm’s body is large or small, it would contain a law fragment of the Great Dao.

Steel tendon Gu’s effect is to reinforce the tendons in the Gu Master’s body until they are tough as steel. This caused Fang Yuan’s tendons to contain the corresponding power of the natural law, the traces of Great Dao.

For the self-reliance Gu to heal, it not only has to recover the body’s tendons, but also has to overcome and overwrite this layer of natural law.

But thankfully, this law did not clash with the healing law. Otherwise, not only would Fang Yuan not be healed, he would be damaged instead.

Similarly, the brown bear innate strength Gu, black and white boar Gu, and crocodile strength Gu were the same.

They contained the Great Dao law fragments regarding “physical strength”, when their strength lurk in Fang Yuan’s body, they form into beast phantoms and conceal themselves. Only after he unleashes their true power could they be seen by the naked eye.

The so called beast phantom, its essence was the Dao mark of “physical strength”— a trace of Great Dao in heaven and earth.

Take the poison vow Gu as another example.

It contained the law of restriction, it stays in a Gu Master’s body to restrict them.

This Dao mark is normally not seen, but under the effect of the eating one’s words Gu, it will be forced to appear, and then exterminated.

The law contained in the eating one’s words Gu were opposite of the poison vow Gu. But the former was slightly stronger, thus it could overwrite the other.

Or taking it further, why did the rainbow light Gu, position swap Gu, require Gu Masters to be free of strength modifications?

It was the same reason.

The law of strength would interfere with the law of light and the law of space. If the Dao mark of strength is too strong, it would cause the two Gu to fail when utilized.

“Gu Masters use Gu, but the truth is that they use the Great Dao law fragments within the Gu. Gu is the carrier of the fragment, a tool of heaven and earth. When Gu Masters refine Gu, they are fusing laws, and forming laws. Nurturing Gu, using Gu and refining Gu… Gu cultivation is not a small Dao, but a true Great Dao. In cultivating, Gu Masters learn about nature, and learn about heaven and earth. This is why the hope for immortality, and becoming an everlasting existence still remain.”

Fang Yuan was clear in his heart.

…

“Because hardships strengthen resolve, the strong-minded will not be lured by worldly affairs. Today I step on grass; later I shall step on mountains and rivers!”

In the study room, Shang Yan Fei muttered, thinking about the poem Fang Yuan recited, showing interest on his face.

“Because of difficulties, one gain aspirations and resolve. The allure of the mortal world cannot restrict one’s heart. What grand aspirations! Especially that last line, are you treating my Shang clan as grass?”

“Lord clan leader, the way I see it, Fang Zheng was referring to his opponent Li Hao, being too weak for him.” Wei Yang cupped his fists and said.

Shang Yan Fei shook his head: “It is fine, I am not so narrow minded. But it is a pity I missed a good show. Although I did not see it personally, I can imagine the scene of Fang Zheng unleashing his ability, striking with a grand aura.”

Shang Yan Fei stood at a high point, he had a broad vision, and naturally was broad minded. Towards Fang Yuan’s aspirations, he could understand, and appreciate it.

Reminded by Shang Yan Fei, Wei Yang recalled the scene of the battle, and exclaimed: “That is indeed so. The battlefield back then, Fang Zheng was extremely ferocious, stunning the spectators, everyone was dominated by his aura and no one said a word!”

Shang Yan Fei got up from his seat, strolling slowly to the window: “Armies are easily built, but generals are hard to come by. A pity this general is too arrogant, not even placing Shang clan in his eyes. But, he had gone through tough times, managed to survive, and gained much from it, as his cultivation rose rapidly. This caused his nature to develop in that direction.”

“Lord clan leader’s analysis is spot on. Young men would definitely have such ambitions, being lawless and fearless.” Wei Yang lowered his head, adding on.

Shang Yan Fei looked outside the window, squinting.

Fang Yuan equated Shang clan city to grass, this was an overwhelming aspiration, he was definitely someone with great ambition. But Shang Yan Fei himself did not mind that.

He was a man standing at the peak, on the top of the whole southern border, he could definitely accept people with ambitions. Furthermore, Shang clan city would not truly become grass just because someone said so.

What he minded was the first sentence.

Because hardships strengthen resolve, the strong-minded will not be lured by worldly affairs…

In this world, there were lots of people with great ambitions but no ability, while people with aspirations and talent were few, one in a million. Those who not only had talent and aspirations, but also a firm will, were almost non-existent!

Aspiration and talent were not scary, but if they had an indomitable will and determination, that would cause worry.

Such a person, in history, he would either be called a hero, a villain, or a conqueror.

Such people, can change history, and create history!

Such a person, how would he submit to others? How would he allow himself to be used by Shang clan? If he could not be used, and this person walks the demonic path, he would definitely leave his mark in this world, causing storms and disasters in his life. This was not something the righteous path wants to see…

Thinking so, Shang Yan Fei suddenly said: “I heard, Fang Zheng snatched Li Ran’s opportunity, thus he compensated him two hundred thousand primeval stones to repay the favor. How much does he still owe?”

Wei Yang replied: “He already paid a hundred and thirty thousand, only seventy thousand remain. But it should be repaid soon.”

Hearing this, Shang Yan Fei’s worry eased.

He nodded: “That’s true. Someone with ambition would not mind the small details, so what if it is two hundred thousand primeval stones. Hehehe.”

Thinking of how Fang Yuan saved Shang Xin Ci, Shang Yan Fei laughed.

He was really interesting, doing things with his own principles, repaying kindness and taking revenge for hatred. But he does not have righteous morals nor any restraints, such a nature was dangerous, but there was still hope of recruiting and controlling him.

Right now he was at the peak of his fame, there was little hope of recruiting him, they had to wait.

After he faces hardship from reality, they will use kindness to move him, and recruit him under Shang Xin Ci’s wing. With such a helper, Shang Yan Fei would feel assured about her safety.

“Nevermind, Fang Zheng, let me see how far you can go…” Shang Yan Fei thought in his heart.

He had a sharp foresight, entirely clear of the situation.

After Fang Yuan killed Li Hao, the entire battle zone went into a commotion.

The power of the all-out effort Gu was seen by everyone.

Many started to realize Fang Yuan was a tough opponent. But on the other hand, it made many experts start to notice and desire the all-out effort Gu.

Fang Yuan would have a peaceful time for a while, but soon, those days will end.

According to his nature, he would definitely suffer extensively. At that time, he would know how weak he truly was.

Using the battle stage, he would be suppressed and polished.

As Shang Yan Fei predicted, Fang Yuan’s days got easier, as he won without a fight in his subsequent matches.

Who was Li Hao?

He was the number one strongest in fifth inner city battle stage, someone about to rise to fourth inner city.

Even he died by Fang Yuan’s iron fist, who could stop him?

But a forceful challenge cannot be cancelled, those demonic Gu Masters thinking of taking advantage of the situation were forced to enter the arena.

At the start, some minded their reputation and tried to spar with Fang Yuan.

But Fang Yuan heavily injured several people, and after he killed one person, they did not dare to think highly of themselves anymore, once the battle started, they surrendered.

Nineteen, twenty, twenty-one victories…

Fang Yuan went onto the stage no longer to battle, but just to collect primeval stones.

It could be said to be the easiest time of his life.

And during this period, a group of pursuing Bai clan Gu Masters arrived at the foot of Shang clan city.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 293: Heaven is blind 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“We’ve finally reached Shang clan city.” Staring at the mountain of buildings, Bai Feng sighed.

He was a Bai clan elder, when he was young, he roamed the southern border, and had once came to Shang clan city. But this time round, he was already old, the buildings were all unfamiliar to him, and even his goal was to arrest the two demonic Gu Masters.

“Do you guys think those two demonic scoundrels really chose this direction?” Bai Lian sounded worried.

“It should be this direction. We split into a few groups at the place where the footless bird landed, but the other directions were all dead ends. Only this path left behind traces.” Tie Dao Ku said.

He was uncertain in his heart.

Although Tie clan was the number one investigator in the southern border, he was an attacking type Gu Master. Moreover, the southern border had many forests and mountains, complex terrain that made it easy to hide oneself and difficult to trace them.

“Maybe the two of them died long ago along the way, becoming food for wild beasts.” Someone said optimistically.

There was a huge possibility in this, they had found many traces of skeletons along the way, and all the remains of the caravan assaulted by beast hordes.

“I do hope they are alive!” Bai Zhan Lie gritted his teeth, his grandfather was killed by Fang and Bai, he wanted to kill them with his own hands, taking revenge for that intense hatred in his heart.

“Alright, let’s enter the city first. If there are no discoveries, we shall spend some primeval stones to send a letter to clan leader, and see what orders she has for us.” Bai Feng took the first step.

The few of them arrived at the city gate looking like travellers on a long journey.

Coincidentally, this gate was the one Fang and Bai had once gone through.

“To enter the city, each person has to pay ten primeval stones.” The city guard stopped them from entering.

Bai Feng took out a yellow pear token, waving it.

The guard looked at it, and after inspecting it, said: “Yellow pear token can exempt three people from the fees.”

Bai Feng’s group of six handed in thirty primeval stones.

“This brother, did you see the two of them entering the city?” Bai Zhan Lie pointed at an arrest warrant on the wall, asking.

This was the arrest warrant for Fang and Bai.

But the surface of this arrest warrant had been covered by another new arrest warrant, almost half of the surface was covered.

This was common.

Once in a while, new arrest warrants would appear.

The city guard’s expression changed, howling at Bai Zhan Lie: “What are you saying? A city gate with me guarding, how can there be a demonic Gu Master entering? Do you think I am blind? This is slander, you are slandering a righteous young man from Shang clan!”

Bai Zhan Lie’s expression froze.

Clan elder Bai Feng quickly apologised, in Shang clan city, even if he was a Bai clan elder, he had to lower his head.

The city guard saw Bai Feng’s rank three cultivation, and did not dare to pursue the matter, only muttering under his breath.

Only until Tie Dao Ku showed an unhappy expression, and displayed his identity: “Enough, shut up. Do you think my Tie clan is unclear of what your Shang clan is like?”

The city guard stopped speaking.

After facing this initial display of authority, Bai clan entered the outer city grimly.

“Let’s get some food, we are all tired after these few days of travelling. We need to rest, it will not affect our mission. I know a good restaurant in fifth inner city, it is at the battle zone, I had participated in it back in the day, and reached fourth inner city.” Bai Feng recommended.

This suggestion was well received.

The gang arrived at fifth inner city, at the battle zone. Bai Zhan Lie, Bai Lian and the other juniors were instantly awed by the atmosphere of the battle zone.

As they walked, they could hear the people’s excited conversations.

“Tan Jing finally took revenge, and defeated Shi Nan Sheng. Shi Nan Sheng vowed to take revenge, their grudge is growing.”

“Sang Kong controls the virus cloud moth, his battle strength has risen again, he can almost dominate the fifth inner city.”

“Dominate? Hehe, he will have to wait until Gu Yue Fang Zheng ascends to fourth inner city.”

…

“Gu Yue Fang Zheng!!!”

Bai clan’s gang stared with wide opened eyes, like they were struck by lightning. They quickly stopped, and stared at the talking passerby.

They scared the shit out of him.

After three minutes.

On the battle stage, Fang Yuan walked up to the stage. His opponent was a middle aged man, tall and burly, thick waist and shoulder, with a long moustache on his face, looking extremely fierce and aggressive.

Ding!

The bell rang and the battle officially started.

“I admit defeat!” The middle aged man shouted at the first second. He was swift and direct, causing the audience to feel unsatisfied.

“Again?”

“Aren’t you embarrassed, admitting defeat before fighting.”

“Embarrassment is better than dying, in the entire fifth inner city now, who dares to fight against Fang Zheng? The all-out effort Gu is too powerful!”

The crowd was noisy as usual.

The battle ended as soon as it started.

The hosting Gu Master took both their vine information Gu and edited the information inside before returning it to them.

The middle aged man turned to leave, admitting defeat was a humiliation, but circumstances forced him to, after all Fang Yuan was cruel and ruthless, he never spares his opponents. He did not dare to fight just to save his reputation.

Fang Yuan did not leave immediately, but took out forty thousand primeval stones and handed them to Li Ran.

This caused everyone to go into discussions again.

“Another forty thousand, he really gave it!”

“Although this Gu Yue Fang Zheng is ruthless, he keeps his word. Two hundred thousand, he has repaid most of it already. Only thirty thousand remain.”

“Li Ran used these primeval stones to purchase Gu worms, he is starting to display his strength in the battle zone. I am so envious.”

“Repaying kindness and taking revenge for hatred. From this aspect, I truly respect Gu Yue Fang Zheng.”

“With this win, he is at twenty-nine net wins. Just one last match, and he would be in fourth inner city.”

“The faster the better, how dares to challenge him? Even Li Hao died by his hands…”

…

“Gu Yue Fang Zheng, after all these hardships, we’ve finally found you!” Among the crowd, Bai Zhan Lie gritted his teeth, as his face contorted with anger.

His companions also showed an ugly expression.

They had chased after him for so long, suffering along the journey. In the end, they found that the person they wanted to arrest had been living luxuriously in Shang clan city, making a name for himself.

Before this, they had continuously guessed if he had died under the beast hordes, digested into faeces and defecated.

The scene now, was a huge contrast to their expectations.

Not only did Fang Yuan not have problems, he was living well, even changing his Gu worms and raising his battle strength and cultivation.

What were they supposed to feel!

“Oh heaven is blind, how can such a vile scoundrel live so well?” Bai Feng raised his head and cried out.

“His luck is too good, saving the illegitimate daughter of Shang clan leader and receiving the purple thorn token! In Shang clan city, we can do nothing to him, he is protected by Shang clan!” Bai Lian gritted her teeth, she had learnt much from the passerby.

The enemy who killed the two young masters were right before them, but there was nothing they could do to him.

“Not only him, even that Bai Ning Bing received the purple thorn token. Now, she has also joined the battle stage, and has good battle records.” A companion beside her sighed.

“What world is this, evil people live well while good people die. Sigh!”

“Actually, it is not like we have no way to deal with them. They could join the battle stage, so can we.” Tie Dao Ku spoke with a low voice, his gaze sharp as daggers.

He had heard from Bai clan leader that Fang Yuan had the charred thunder potato mother Gu.

Right now, he could confirmed that Fang and Bai were the ones who killed his young master!

But arresting them was impossible now, so why not just kill them! That way, young master’s revenge can be taken, and Tie Dao Ku can return to Tie clan.

“That’s right! This is a good idea.” Bai Feng’s eyes shone, as his spirits were lifted.

Using the rules of the battle stage, even if Fang Yuan had the purple thorn token, he could not be protected. Even if they could not kill him, taking away his all-out effort Gu would halt his growth.

The truth is, his growth speed was too scary, it struck fear in them. He cannot be allowed to grow anymore!

“Wait, where is Bai Zhan Lie?” Bai Lian suddenly asked.

…

Fang Yuan walked out of the battle stage, as numerous people gave way to him.

Numerous gazes landed on him, there were fear and respect, indifference and animosity.

“Although I killed many Gu Masters, my reputation is not bad. Every time I give Li Ran primeval stones, it is a performance that improves my reputation. Out of the two hundred thousand, only thirty thousand remain.”

Fang Yuan walked as he considered his options.

After battling Li Hao, he earned three Gu worms, but did not gain the mountain back toad or the position swap Gu.

He beat the mountain back toad to death, and the position swap Gu is Li Hao’s vital Gu, it perished after Li Hao died.

But that battle had many spectators, Fang Yuan earned over six thousand primeval stones.

This month, his consecutive victories earned him enough to return forty thousand to Li Ran and still save a small sum of primeval stones for himself.

Because of his actions, and Li Ran’s response, Wu clan did not do anything to Fang Yuan for now.

This earned him precious time for development.

“I have twenty-nine victories now, just one more and I’d be in fourth inner city. The pressure there is much higher, with experts everywhere, but wins also give me much more reward. After using the steel tendon Gu, I can increase the number of my beast phantoms already, but…”

To increase the number of beast phantoms, it is a long process, there will only be effect after two to three months.

After getting to fourth inner city, Fang Yuan’s pressure would be greater, he needed more strength to deal with the situation.

“A large size auction will be held soon, and there is an instant success Gu up for bidding. If I can get it, I would be able to obtain new beast phantoms overnight, but my primeval stones are too few, I don’t even have the qualification to participate in the auction…”

Money is always insufficient when one needs to use it!

Just as Fang Yuan was considering who to borrow from, a young man appeared and blocked his path.

“Gu Yue Fang Zheng, do you recognise me?!” Bai Zhan Lie screamed.

“Zhan Lie!”

“Zhan Lie, don’t be rash.”

Bai clan and gang arrived, forming a semi circle around Fang Yuan.

A stand-off!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 294: Crimes have to be punished! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan slightly furrowed his eyebrows and lightly glanced at the group.

He had some impression of Bai Zhan Lie; the number one genius from Bai clan’s younger generation, they had even drank together at one time.

Bai Lian was even more familiar, she had accompanied him for some time, using honey trap on him. Unfortunately, how could beauty shake Fang Yuan’s heart? The result was that Fang Yuan played her at her own game.

Others such as Bai Feng, Tie Dao Ku and so on, Fang Yuan did not recognize them.

Even so, Fang Yuan knew this group of people’s origins and motives.

This was the victim’s family coming to visit.

“Justice has long arms, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, you slaughtered my Bai clan’s two young clan leaders, you will not escape justice even if you escape to Shang clan city!” Bai Feng shouted.

“Fang Zheng, the trap you buried killed my Tie clan’s young master and clansmen. This hatred is absolutely irreconcilable, I, Tie Dao Ku, will take your head!” Tie Dao Ku’s expression was flared up as he pointed at Fang Yuan’s nose and roared.

The disturbance here immediately attracted the attention of nearby passerbys. To go where the crowds were, it was human nature; more people began to pay attention.

“Oh, you are a Tie clansman? Strange! How could I have no idea what you are talking about if I killed your clansmen?” Fang Yuan sneered.

“Stop denying it! You have the charred thunder potato mother Gu, you dug the pitfalls with extremely sinister intentions. My Tie clan group stepped into your pitfall, the explosions blew up even their corpses. We have been chasing your all the way, who could it be besides you?” Tie Dao Ku’s eyes seemed to be almost shooting out flames, wishing he could immediately cut Fang Yuan into pieces.

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan was dazed for a moment before he started laughing, “So it was like that, it seems I did the right thing by digging those pitfalls. Thank you for telling me this good news and making me happy.”

“You!” Tie Dao Ku opened his eyes wide, he was seething with anger, “You admitted it! You actually admitted it! Good, very good, Fang Zheng, you are dead meat. You dared to kill my Tie clan’s young master, you have made an enemy out of Tie clan!”

“So what?” Fang Yuan shrugged his shoulders and sarcastically said, “Laughable, I dug those pitfalls to deal with the grass skirt monkeys. But you guys stepped on them, this can only be blamed on your Tie clansmen for not having eyes. Moreover, what crimes did I commit for you guys to tail after me? Courting your own death, hehehe, it is good that they died, it is fabulous that they died…”

The surrounding people were dumbstruck.

“He provoked a Tie clansman so directly?”

“Has Fang Zheng gone crazy? Tie clan is also one of the lords of southern border and isn’t any weaker than Shang clan.”

“Tie clan has captured demonic Gu Masters from everywhere and its famous demon suppression tower is the nemesis of the demonic path. Fang Zheng actually killed a young master of this clan!”

“He has the purple thorn token and knows he is safe! As long as he stays in Shang clan city, he would be a distinguished guest of Shang clan. Even if Tie clan leader came, Lord Shang Yan Fei would need to protect him. If he didn’t protect Fang Zheng and the news spread out, it would signify that Shang clan is afraid of Tie clan. Hehe…”

The discussion of the surrounding people calmed down Tie Dao Ku who was burning in anger.

Fang Yuan possessed a purple thorn token and his cultivation was now rank three; dealing with him was not as easy as before.

“Hmph, Fang Zheng, don’t think you are safe by hiding here. You want to rely on the battle stage to become Shang clan’s external elder? In your dreams! I will tell you, as long as I Bai Feng am here, you will never be able to dominate the battle stage!” Elder Bai Feng said in a gloomy tone.

Tie Dao Ku followed immediately: “Fang Zheng, I will deal with you in the battle stage. There is no escape for you, the huge crime you have commited must receive severe punishment!”

“Oh, you guys want to stop me in the battle stage?” Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a trace of cold light.

He was not afraid of these people, even though Bai Feng, Tie Dao Ku, Bai Zhan Lie and Bai Lian were all rank three Gu Masters.

If they were going to deal with him through the battle stage, they could not display their superiority in numbers.

“It is just that my current situation….”

Fang Yuan mumbled inwardly then suddenly chuckled and said to Bai Feng: “Your Bai clan obtained Bai Gu inheritance but are still not satisfied and want to deal with me? Without me, how could you have obtained the inheritance? Hmph, it seems you don’t want to know the whereabouts of your two young clan leaders.”

The Bai clansmen immediately revealed astonished expressions.

From Fang Yuan’s tone, it seemed the two young clan leaders were not dead…

“Fang Zheng, what do you mean?” Bai Feng immediately asked in bewilderment.

“Fang Zheng, don’t try to deceive us with lies. We have searched almost everywhere in Bai Gu inheritance ground but haven’t found even a trace of the two young clan leaders.” Bai Lian coldly shouted.

“It was me who found the Bai Gu inheritance, does Bai clan think it has more understanding of the place than me? Ridiculous!”

Fang Yuan disdainfully scoffed and continued: “Why would I retreat while carrying those two burdens? Can’t you think with your brains? Deceive you? Hmph, I am not even afraid of Tie clan, why would I fear your puny Bai clan?”

“Fang Zheng, if the two young clan leaders are still alive then this will just be a misunderstanding, our Bai clan… is not an unreasonable clan.” Bai Feng picked his words carefully to coax Fang Yuan into revealing the whereabouts of the two young clan leaders.

“You want to know? Hehe, fine. It just so happens that I am starving, how about you treat me to a meal? Let’s go to third inner city’s most famous Shi Zi restaurant.” Fang Yuan indifferently said.

Bai clansmen looked at each other.

The whereabouts of the two young clan leaders was extremely important since it affected the future of Bai clan.

Despite Bai clan having extreme hatred towards Fang Yuan, elder Bai Feng gritted his teeth and nodded: “Alright, let’s go there!”

Shi Zi restaurant was not just a simple restaurant, but was a luxurious brothel.

This restaurant introduced women from foreign lands like Northern Plains, Eastern Seas and Western Desert; the women were all enchanting, with plump butt and large breasts. Another speciality of this restaurant was their lion meatball and was served on a human.

Lion’s meat, tiger’s meat and all kinds of precious ingredients were made into meatballs and displayed on top of a beautiful woman in between her breasts.

The name lion meatball held deep meanings. It was not only to eat the food, but also to ‘eat human’.

The reason why Fang Yuan wanted to visit this place was not because he was interested in lion meatball, but because this restaurant had a strong background and contained many secret private rooms. Many Shang clansmen would often choose a private room for their private affairs, concealing their names and had no worries about news leaking.

Fang Yuan chose a secret room and sat along with everyone.

A feast was laid before them, the aroma of the dishes assailed their nostrils. However, they did not order the signature dish, lion meatball.

“Say it, where are our two young clan leaders?” Bai Feng impatiently asked the moment he sat down.

“Before I tell you, I would like to ask this Tie clan Gu Master to stay outside for a moment.” Fang Yuan gazed at Tie Dao Ku.

“Why?” Tie Dao Ku’s gaze was sharp as knife, as he ruthlessly cut off Fang Yuan. A bad feeling emerged in his mind.

“Because this is a private affair between me and Bai clan!” Fang Yuan’s tone was unyielding, “Besides me, everyone else should be Bai clansmen, otherwise I guarantee I won’t say a word!”

Bai Feng hesitated, the matter concerned the two young clan leaders, he had to be careful about it, thus he looked at Tie Dao Ku.

Tie Dao Ku snorted and annoyedly left the secret room, closing the door shut.

The sound produced in the secret room was isolated from the outside.

“Say it, where are the two young clan leaders, don’t even think of deceiving us! This is Shang clan city, there are many Gu worms that can verify your words.” Bai Feng sternly asked.

Fang Yuan lifted a wine cup and sipped at it: “Whereabouts? Of course, they are both dead, you guys are really naive! Since I made an enemy out of your Bai clan, I will naturally eliminate all threats!”

“What!”

“You dared to toy with us?

“Fang Zheng, you are courting death!!”

The Bai clansmen stood up furiously, their flaming anger pressed on towards Fang Yuan.

They were full fury but could not take any actions.

This was not Bai clan’s territory, Fang Yuan possessed a purple thorn token and also had impressive strength. They would definitely have to pay a catastrophic price to kill Fang Yuan. Most importantly, if they killed him like this, it was making an enemy out of Shang clan!

Your Bai clan killed my Shang clan’s esteemed guest in Shang clan city, hehe.

Bai clan was now facing the crisis of their spirit spring drying up, they were in a precarious situation. Now, after obtaining the Bai Gu inheritance, many forces were eyeing it covetously, if they provoked a titan like Shang clan on top of that, the consequences would be too dire to imagine!

Fang Yuan calmly sat on his seat, he raised his eyes and looked at everyone, then indifferently said:

“I actually admire you guys. Your Bai clan’s spirit spring is drying up and are in deep trouble, yet you guys still have the mood for leisure and came chasing after me. Hehe, you are really amazing.”

These words were like a bolt of lightning which fiercely struck their hearts, causing tides to surge in elder Bai Feng’s heart.

He was horrified as he blurted out: “This… how do you know this?!”

This information was sealed off by Bai clan’s higher ups, even Bai Zhan Lie and Bai Lian did not know it. But Fang Yuan laid bare the secret with one sentence, how could it not frighten Bai Feng?

“Of course it was from your noble clan’s two young clan leaders. Before I killed them, they knelt and begged for forgiveness, trying to use this information to obtain my trust and exchange for their lives.” Fang Yuan talked nonsense, anyway, dead men tell no tales.

“Impossible! This information is only confined to clan leader and few elders. The two young clan leaders are young and ignorant, how could we let them know this?!” Bai Feng immediately retorted.

Fang Yuan curled his lips: “Maybe they heard it when they were playing around? After all, their mother is your clan leader. These are just minor details.”

“Lord clan elder, is what he said about the spirit spring drying up true?”

“How could this be, if the clan’s spirit spring dries up…”

Bai Lian, Bai Zhan Lie and others questioned one after another, their expressions worried and frightened.

Spirit spring was the foundation of a clan, there was no need to mention its importance. If the clan lost the spirit spring, no matter how strong it was, it would only be rootless weed.

Bai Feng immediately came back to his senses by their questions and inwardly knew he had messed up.

Maybe Fang Yuan was only guessing, the two young clan leaders were young, their credibility were not high.

Bai Feng felt immense regret and wished he could give himself a tight slap. He was impatient and could not hide secrets. Otherwise, when he was young, he would not have been driven out of the clan by his father to force him to mold his character.

These years, he had cultivated some shrewdness but in the end, a leopard cannot change its spots.

But honestly, he could not be blamed. Spirit spring was too important, Bai Feng was carrying this burden in his heart. The pressure was accumulating like a volcano and burst out due to Fang Yuan’s one sentence.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 295: Actually, I was a victim too 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Feng’s expression was gloomy and his gaze kept on flashing. He was thinking of denying this but Fang Yuan saw through his plan.

“Don’t even try to cover it, it’s no use. As the spirit spring continues to dry up, the primeval stones produced will also decrease sharply. Bai clan has been concealing it well, you have either used your remaining stock in the storage or traded to fill up this gap. But this will definitely leave traces, as long as someone carefully investigates it, they will find out.” Fang Yuan was calm and comfortable.

Bai Feng tightly clenched his fists, glaring at Fang Yuan like he wanted to swallow him alive.

Looking at the appearance of this elder, even a stupid person would realize the truth.

“Our clan’s spirit spring is drying?” Bai Lian was dazed, leaning on her chair listlessly.

Bai Zhan Lie bit his lips, going silent.

The others also did not speak, they were astonished and terrified. The atmosphere in the secret room turned extremely oppressive.

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan chuckled, “Your Bai clan is really in danger. Even a stronger clan will collapse if their spirit spring dries up and they don’t find a new spirit spring. Now, you have obtained Bai Gu inheritance, the forces around you are all coveting it; tell me, what will happen if I spread this secret information?”

“No!” Bai Lian lost color in her face and immediately interjected.

The others also thought of the seriousness of the matter and their expressions turned grave.

Now, Bai clan had obtained Bai Gu inheritance, their strength rose due to the benefits gained from Fang Yuan’s discovery. The few neighbouring large clans were staring at them covetously, but also held their guard.

If the news of the spirit spring drying up was exposed, Bai clan would lose their deterrence and become a paper tiger; the surrounding forces were sure to make their move!

Those forces would never want to see Bai clan survive this ordeal and because of the Bai Gu inheritance, rise in power and suppress them.

Hence, this information had to be guarded!

Bai clan’s gang were startled awake by Fang Yuan, gaining some understanding of the situation. Bai Zhan Lie and others fixed their gazes at Fang Yuan, their eyes shining even more fiercely and emitted killing intent.

“Want to kill me?” Fang Yuan sneered and shook his finger, “Since I am meeting with you alone, I have naturally made thorough preparations. In truth, if you hadn’t come to find me, I would have gone to find you.”

These were not senseless words. The Bai clansmen had no choice but to restrain their killing intent and retract the ominous glint in their eyes.

“Alright, let’s get down to business now.” The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips slightly curled up as he adjusted his sitting posture.

He pointed his hands down and said: “Take a seat and let’s discuss it.”

“Discuss what, what’s there to talk about with you? Hmph!” Bai Feng’s expression was gloomy, but despite saying so, he still sat down.

The remaining clansmen hesitated for a while before sitting down.

The tense situation immediately eased a little.

“Of course we are going to discuss the fees to keep me silent. Was it easy for me to lead you here? Wasting my time and energy, you should compensate me! Primeval stones, I want primeval stones. Give me three million primeval stones and I can promise you I won’t reveal this information.”

The Bai clansmen immediately stood up again when they heard Fang Yuan.

“You dare to threaten us!”

“You killed our two young clan leaders, and dare to demand primeval stones?!”

“Fang Zheng, don’t go too far. At worst, I will stake my old life and take you down with me!!”

The group roared and growled in anger.

“Hahaha.” Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed. He then stood up and a cold light blossomed in his dark eyes as he looked at the group.

“That’s right, I am threatening you! You don’t agree? Then I will simply leak this information. What did you say, you want to die together with me? Hmph, even if I die, this information will be leaked to the world. At that time, you will become the sinners of the clan; because you didn’t agree to my request, your clan will be besieged by the surrounding forces!”

“You, you, you…” Elder Bai Feng was angered to his limit as he speechlessly pointed at Fang Yuan.

The other clansmen also glared at Fang Yuan with furious eyes while gritting their teeth, but no one moved.

“You what?” Fang Yuan sneered at Bai Feng, his tone full of disdain, “What can you do to me? Kill me? I have a purple thorn token, do you dare to try it? I know you are all courageous, not afraid of death. But your clan is the most important. If your family and friends die, it will be all because of you!”

The Bai clansmen clenched their fists, standing stunned on the spot.

“Ahh—!” Bai Zhan Lie suddenly raised his head and shouted, he then lifted his fist and smashed it down.

Due to his furious punch, the whole banquet table was smashed and the dishes crashed to the ground.

He felt deep hatred!

His grandfather Bai Zhan Wen had died because of Fang and Bai. This hatred was irreconcilable!

Because of this, he joined the pursuit group, constantly running about, now that he finally found the killer…

The enemy was clearly in front of him, but he could not do anything! Fang Yuan was clearly within his reach, but he could not exact revenge!

Not only could he not exact revenge, he still had to endure Fang Yuan’s threat.

His chest burned with anger, an anger that threatened to burn the sky and was already burning his heart. But he could not move, he did not dare to imagine the consequences if he moved. His life was a minor thing, but the whole clan might face a calamity because of him!!

“No need to get angry. Actually, in this whole event, I was also a victim.” Fang Yuan’s tone relaxed and said with a sigh.

“Just think of it, Bai Gu inheritance was originally mine, but your Bai clan stole it from me. Your Bai clan chased after me and Bai Ning Bing, we were forced to kill Bai Hua and Bai Sheng to make it easier to escape. Later, I suffered serious injuries and landed on Zi You mountain, having close encounter with death all along the way. Do you think it was easy for me?”

“Your Bai clan’s power is huge and I can’t afford to offend it. I could only curl up in Shang clan city, but you still won’t let me go. Tell me, what should I do? I am not someone who is unreasonable, three million primeval stones, that is the lowest I will go. I am very sincere, I have told this secret to only a few people and haven’t spread it outside. I also intentionally sent the Tie clansman outside in consideration for your Bai clan.”

Fang Yuan’s expression was very sincere.

“Three million primeval stones, you are demanding an exorbitant price!”

“Fang Zheng, let’s be fair, how did our Bai clan treat you! We treated you nicely with food and accomodation, but what came out of it? You repaid our kindness with enmity!”

“Our clan’s two young clan leaders died in your hands, elder Bai Zhan Wen also died because of you. Many of our expert clansmen also died or got seriously handicapped while protecting you on your travels around Bai Gu mountain!”

The Bai clan’s group all had different expressions; some were extremely angry, some were sneering and some were crying, but they all had a similarity — their deep hatred towards Fang Yuan!

Fang Yuan’s expression changed, he gave a cold smile: “It seems you are still not aware of the situation, I tried to give you face, but you don’t want it? Very well.”

Fang Yuan stood up and turned to leave.

Bai clansmen immediately fell into panic.

“Wait, wait a moment.” Bai Feng was desperate as he sidestepped and blocked Fang Yuan.

“I will tell you honestly, I am going to go sell this information now. I believe Shang clan’s Feng Yu Manor will give a good price for it. Can you guess how much they are going to pay me?” Fang Yuan smiled sinisterly.

“Fang Zheng, don’t go too far!” Bai Zhan Lie roared and quickly walked towards Fang Yuan and stared at him dead on.

Fang Yuan nonchalantly said: “You want to attack me? You want to put your clan in danger?”

Bai Zhan Lie’s inner fire was stumped, as he stood stunned.

Slap!

Fang Yuan took this chance and slapped. He was very strong and with just a little strength, he sent the energetic Bai Zhan Lie retreating five to six steps.

“What do you think you are doing?!” Bai clansmen immediately flared up and surrounded Fang Yuan.

“Do you all want to become the sinners of your clan?” Fang Yuan snorted, his words were like ice, dousing the Bai clansmen’s surging anger.

“You unappreciative scum.” Fang Yuan pointed at Bai Zhan Lie, “If I don’t teach you a lesson, do you really think you are the Heavenly Emperor?”

Fang Yuan showed no restraint in berating Bai Zhan Lie in front of the Bai clansmen.

He next looked at everyone: “You are all idiots! If I wanted Bai clan to face a calamity, it just takes one sentence from me! A wise man succumbs to circumstances , you still can’t see the situation clearly? Make a move if you want. Come, even if I die, having your Bai clan accompany me in death won’t be so bad.”

Fang Yuan was completely surrounded, but his attitude was still unbridled.

Instead it was Bai clansmen, who were bigger in numbers, that had to give in while gritting their teeth and clenching their fists.

Bai Zhan Lie held his swollen face, his eyes bloodshot. This humiliation almost caused the anger in his his heart to burst up to the nine heavens. The veins in his forehead bulged out as he tried his best to maintain the final sliver of reason left in his mind.

The clan was their weak spot; Fang Yuan targeted this and also showed an attitude that was unafraid of death, causing Bai clan fall into a hopeless situation where they could only tolerate Fang Yuan.

“I will give you thirty breaths of time to consider.” Fang Yuan continued.

The group of Bai clansmen immediately fell into a struggle.

They did not want to lower their heads to Fang Yuan, this murderer. However, if they did not lower their heads, their clan would be in danger.

They were at a loss and all of them looked towards elder Bai Feng.

Bai Feng’s clenched fists slowly loosened before he again clenched them and unclenched after a while.

This continued again and again, showing the struggle in his heart.

Thirty breaths of time passed by, but Fang Yuan looked like he had forgotten it.

Bai Feng was impatient, but he only opened his mouth after five minutes, breaking the silence.

“Three million… is too much. We can’t agree to this. Moreover, we don’t have that much money on us!” His voice was hoarse like a guy who was about to die of thirst in desert.

He listlessly loosened his hands, having no more strength to clench them again.

For the clan, he had no choice but to give priority to the overall situation. Despite wishing he could cut Fang Yuan into pieces, he chose to lower his head for the moment.

The other Bai clansmen also felt their hearts relieved after hearing his words. Their killing intent towards Fang Yuan sank into the shadows, becoming thicker and deeper.

Fang Yuan laughed: “The three million does not need to be paid in full, just take it slowly, for now hand over five hundred thousand.”

“Five hundred thousand? Why would we carry so many primeval stones with us?!” Bai Feng refuted.

Fang Yuan’s brows raised: “You can borrow from loan sharks, pawn your belongings or even sell Gu worms… no matter what you do, I need five hundred thousand primeval stones within a day. Moreover, I do not want to see any of Bai clan’s people staying in Shang clan city!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 296: Auction 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“What are they doing inside, it has already been over an hour…” Outside the secret room, Tie Dao Ku was standing with his arms crossed, the doubt in his heart increasing with time.

The secret room isolated sound but it was not firm. In the case where a fight broke out, he would be able to immediately sense it.

The problem, however, was that it had been calm and quiet since the start, making Tie Dao Ku unable to figure it out.

Creak.

Just as he was thinking this, the door opened from the inside.

“Brother Dao Ku, please come inside, we have finished our talk.” A Gu Master of Bai clan informed.

Tie Dao Ku entered the secret room, the first thing he saw was the table smashed by Bai Zhan Lie and all kinds of dishes scattered on the ground.

Tie Dao Ku could not help but raise his brows.

Clearly, this feast could not be enjoyed anymore. Even if it could, the Bai clansmen present there did not have any appetite.

Their faces were ashen and their expressions sluggish as if they had suffered heavy injuries.

Only Fang Yuan’s complexion was normal and even looked healthier than normal.

Just now, he had reached an agreement with the Bai clansmen and everything was settled by using poison vow Gu on the spot.

“What happened?” Tie Dao Ku was bewildered.

“I will leave first, take care.” Fang Yuan left these words and walked out of the secret room.

“Fang Zheng, just wait for me at the battle stage!” Tie Dao Ku growled.

Fang Yuan ignored him and walked away, disappearing from everyone’s sights.

“What exactly happened here?” Tie Dao Ku was very puzzled. How could talking for a while make all these Bai clansmen’s expression change, he could not feel any flames of hatred in them.

“Sigh….” Bai Feng heaved a deep sigh.

He raised his head and looked at Tie Dao Ku, his gaze complex: “Brother Tie, something happened and it is not convenient for me to speak of it. We are withdrawing, we cannot go against Fang and Bai anymore.”

“What?” Tie Dao Ku cried out involuntarily, revealing an incredulous expression.

“Our Bai clan has little assets, we cannot afford to take risks. Take care!” Bai Feng stood up and walked straight out of the secret room.

“You don’t have to be worried, he is relying on Shang clan, but isn’t my Tie clan also one of the lords of the southern border?” Tie Dao Ku hurriedly tried to persuade them. To deal against Fang and Bai, it was better with more people. If Bai clan left, he would be all alone!

However, how could he know the situation behind this?

His persuasion was of no use, Bai clan was bent on leaving and he was not able to stop them anymore.

Looking at the image of the Bai clansmen leaving, Tie Dao Ku’s expression turned extremely cold and mumbled to himself: “The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting; Fang Zheng, you made a good move! But don’t think I, Tie Dao Ku, will give up just like this. Hmph!”

His will was firm, others might have given up, but he still chose to persist.

He decided to register his name at the battle zone right away. He would hunt Fang Yuan in the battle stage!

“Sir, please stop.” A waiter ran over and politely stopped Tie Dao Ku with a smile on his face: “You haven’t paid the bill.”

“…what?”

 …

“Five hundred thousand primeval stones, how can we prepare such a large sum of money within a day?” Walking on the spacious street, Bai Lian voiced out her worries.

“With my identity as an elder of Bai clan, I can go to the loan sharks to borrow three hundred thousand. As for the remaining two hundred thousand… I will have to pawn small tornado.” Bai Feng understood the situation.

The other Bai clansmen were moved.

Bai Zhan Lie cried out: “Lord Elder, small tornado Gu is your core Gu, are you really going to pawn it?”

Bai Feng let out a bitter smile.

“Even with elder pawning small tornado Gu, it won’t be enough to get two hundred thousand. Add in my lotus cloth Gu.” Bai Lian pursed her lips.

With this, the remaining Bai clansmen also understood.

“Pawn my fountain thoughts Gu as well.”

“My little wind drill Gu as well.”

“I will contribute my three forked bone spear…”

Bai Feng slowly nodded: “You all have the spirit of sacrificing for the clan, there is no worry that Bai clan won’t flourish. Today’s disgrace will be paid a thousand times over in future. But now, we still need to think of the clan. I decided on this, so I will take all the responsibility for this matter once we return to the clan.”

“Lord Elder!” The group was stunned.

They could not take their revenge and had to instead sign a disgraceful and unfair treaty. Although it was the best choice, there would definitely be heavy pressure and criticism when they returned to the clan.

Political struggles existed everywhere.

However, Bai Feng was going to bear the responsibility for the whole affair, no doubt he was protecting the political prospects of Bai Lian, Bai Zhan Lie and the others.

Bai Feng revealed an affectionate smile and sighed: “No need to say anything, I am already old, the clan’s future lies on your shoulder. How could we gain anything without giving and sacrificing? It is because of countless people sacrificing and enduring humiliation, that the clan is able to thrive, and preserve the smile of our family members.”

“Yes!” Bai Lian, Bai Zhan Lie and others nodded, realization dawned on their minds.

Their ashen expressions gradually disappeared and were replaced with a gaze that was glowing brighter and brighter.

 …

Three days later, in a large scale auction.

“Ladies and gentlemen, you are looking at a frost breath Gu. Rank three Gu worm, able to breathe out cold air which has the effect of inflicting frostbites and slowing your opponents. Frost breath Gu’s biggest advantage is that every activation only consumes five percent of light snow primeval essence. The starting bid is twenty-three thousand primeval stones!” On a round platform, the hosting Gu Master was speaking through sound amplify Gu.

“Twenty-five thousand.”

“Twenty-eight thousand.”

“Thirty thousand!”

After a round of intense bidding, the frost breath Gu was sold for thirty eight thousand primeval stones.

Fang Yuan calmly looked down at the circular stage from his seat.

He was sitting in a private room at the auction; others could not see him. This was the benefit of having a purple thorn token.

In small scale auctions, he could use the purple thorn token to buy auctioned goods in advance. He was not able to do that for the large scale auctions.

“Please take a look, this is a flame heart Gu. Its shape is like a miniature volcano. After refining it, it resides in the heart of the Gu Master. As everyone knows, its ability is to strengthen fire type Gu worm’s attacks. Rank three flame heart Gu, starting bid of thirty thousand primeval stones!” The hosting Gu Master shouted loudly from the platform.

He had just finished speaking, when someone immediately made a bid: “Thirty-five thousand!”

The first bid immediately raised the bid by five thousand primeval stones, showing a clear assertiveness.

But this could not stop interested parties.

“Thirty-six thousand!”

“Thirty-eight thousand.”

“Forty thousand…”

The price finally stopped at forty-two thousand.

“Looks like these people are quite rational. This is a reasonable price…” Fang Yuan watched this from the private room, evaluating the situation.

Shang clan city frequently traded, this type of large scale auctions were held at fixed intervals. The Gu Masters living in Shang clan city were all used to it and were smart when bidding in auctions.

No one was foolish.

Of course, there were occasional extravagant participants.

Fang Yuan had observed for a long while, today’s auction did not seem to have such a person.

This was his luck and also others’ luck.

If there had been such a person, Fang Yuan would have to start bidding and empty out these people’s capital early. This type of battle of wits and contest of force was child’s play to Fang Yuan.

All the Gu showed in the large scale auctions were rare and precious. All of them were rank three or above, there was almost none below rank three.

Besides the Gu worms, there were also rare Gu food, rare Gu refinement materials, Gu refinement recipe, information about some inheritances, perfect looking gambling rocks; there were also female slaves, male slaves, captured beast kings and so on.

Frost breath Gu and flame heart Gu were sold for about thirty to forty thousand; this price could only be considered to be low compared to other auction goods.

Soon, Fang Yuan saw a rank four grass tree army Gu being sold for two hundred and fifty thousand primeval stones.

Grass tree army Gu could turn every plant and tree within a certain range of the Gu Master into an offensive method. In the terrains of Southern Border, it was an absolute killing weapon.

Ordinary rank four Gu could cost up to a hundred thousand primeval stones. Grass tree army Gu’s price already reached the price of an ordinary rank five Gu.

Fang Yuan carried five hundred thousand on him right now, but at this auction, it really was not much and could only buy two grass tree army Gu.

Instant success Gu was a rank four rare Gu.

After a bidding competition, Fang Yuan successfully bought it with over one hundred and eighty thousand primeval stones.

Next, he spent a total of eighty-three thousand primeval stones to buy a white silver relic Gu and a golden shield Gu.

He did not make any bids after that.

Primeval stones could not be spent recklessly and should be spent in useful areas. Currently, all-out effort Gu was his core, he also had self-reliance Gu. He lacked a bitter strength Gu; this Gu was not cheap, moreover it was extremely rare, rarely seen even at Shang clan city.

Why?

Because the fusion success rate was extremely low, so there were only a small number of people who used it.

Gu worm’s transactions also depended on the supply and demand of the market. With low demand and high production costs, the supply would naturally be low.

“If I can’t buy bitter strength Gu, then I can only try refining it myself. It is just that its success rate really causes a headache.”

“I got the white silver relic Gu, but there is no hurry to use it. If I was cultivating alone, it would be better if I used it earlier, but now that I have Bai Ning Bing to rely on. I will leave the white silver relic Gu to use for later.”

“I have used over two hundred and seventy thousand primeval stones today, now just over two hundred and twenty thousand remains. I will accumulate them for the super sized auction held every two years in Shang clan city.”

“Li Ran told me that Bai clan’s group has indeed left Shang clan city. Although I extorted three million out of them, I can’t underestimate this clan. Suffering in silence with the mentality of sacrificing, no wonder they rose to power abruptly in my previous life. Right now, they are using the excuse of exploring Bai Gu inheritance to recklessly search for the spirit spring in Bai Gu mountain. The progress is a lot faster than in my previous life, I have no choice but to be vigilant against them.”

“Bai clan has already chased me to here, would Tie clan be far off? Tie clan, demon suppression tower… as for that Tie Dao Ku, he is of no worry for the moment.”

Just as Fang Yuan was making future plans, at the entrance of Shi Zi restaurant.

Eighteen foreign girls stood in two rows, laughing and chatting with each other.

They wore revealing clothes and the fragrance of their makeup filled the air. They had plump breasts and looked sultry.

They had no need to solicit customers, just standing there was the best signboard, attracting countless male Gu Masters to loiter around and enter.

With a grim face, Tie Dao Ku was standing at the side with several other Gu Masters, guarding the entrance.

Humiliating!

The shame in his heart had reached its limits.

To think that Shi Zi restaurant’s banquet was so expensive, without any money to pay for it, he could only work to write off his debt.

“Look at what a grand Tie clan’s Gu Master has fallen to, I am actually forced to do this type of thing! The restaurant has background and doesn’t care that I am a Tie clansman. Sigh! I hope no one sees me, absolutely no acquaintances…” Tie Dao Ku prayed desperately.

“Eh! Isn’t this brother Tie Dao Ku? What are you doing here?” A voice arrived.

Tie Dao Ku was immediately stunned.

A familiar person…

Familiar…

Person…

“Aaaah! Fang Zheng, just wait!” Veins bulged out of Tie Dao Ku’s forehead as he roared furiously in his heart.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 297: Instant Success Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Yin cloud Gu.”

In the secret room, Fang Yuan sat on the cushion, muttering as he pointed his finger forward.

Suddenly, a Gu came out of his aperture like a flash of light.

The moment it appeared, it lightly exploded, turning into a dark black cloud.

This cloud sank quickly, as it circulated within itself, in the blink of an eye, it landed on the ground, and placed Fang Yuan above the cloud layer.

Fang Yuan sat on the black cloud, it was softer than the cushion, but slightly colder.

He was not surprised, stretching out his index finger and pointing to the air.

“Yang cloud Gu.”

A white light tore through the air as it exploded into pure white mist.

Once the white cloud appeared, it wanted to rise, but sensed the black cloud below Fang Yuan.

The two cloud layers had a formless attraction to each other, as the black and white clouds continued to roll internally, looking after one another.

One was below Fang Yuan, while the other was above his head.

The gloomy cloud was like ink, while the bright cloud was like foam, as the two converged, lightning appeared.

Traces of blue lightning quickly flashed between these two clouds.

Initially, there was one or two traces, but they soon multiplied, growing in numbers, in a few breath’s time, they formed into a field of lightning.

Fang Yuan had already activated the canopy Gu, his body covered in a white armor.

At the same time, he activated the all-out effort Gu as he casually stretched out his arm, and a wild boar phantom appeared behind him, becoming a giant boar image in the air.

Crack crack.

Once the boar phantom appeared, the lightning bolts acted like sharks attracted to blood , shooting towards it.

In an instant, the boar phantom was forcefully suppressed, shrinking to the size of a stone mill. Lightning circulated in its body, like deep blue chains that trapped it.

The rest of the lightning hit Fang Yuan’s body, but was blocked by the white armor.

Fang Yuan recalled the all-out effort Gu, but this boar phantom did not vanish, like a caged bird, trapped firmly.

Under the constant attack of the lightning cage, the boar phantom started to show signs of disappearing.

Lightning, combining destruction and purification into one. After a thunderstorm, new life grows. The power of lightning specialized in destruction, and contained the destruction law fragment.

At this point, Fang Yuan was using the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu to gather lightning and remove one of his wild boar strength.

It had been three days since that auction.

Although the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu was rank three, it was an ordinary Gu bought in the shop. Other than this, he also bought some material, and after failing once, he refined the eating one’s words Gu and removed the poison vow Gu on him.

Fang Yuan had once used the black and white boar Gu on Qing Mao mountain, to gain the strength of two boars.

The rank three all-out effort Gu can only summon one beast phantom at a time. After it reaches rank four, there are stronger beast phantoms available. Thus, the strength of two boars would be redundant and repetitive.

Now that Fang Yuan had excess money, he decided to optimize his body.

To get rid of this boar phantom, it would take some time, at least nineteen days. The cooperation of the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu to summon lightning was the most common and cheap method.

Beast phantoms are the law fragments lurking in a person’s body. To get rid of them, it would take some effort.

Fang Yuan carefully used the Yin cloud Gu and Yang cloud Gu, as both clouds moved rapidly, like two thick carpets filling the entire secret room.

One white cloud covered the ceiling. One black cloud covered the floor.

In the middle, lightning struck, bolts of blue lightning connected the two clouds and trapped the boar phantom as it slowly disintegrated.

A soft ‘crack crack’ sound, different from loud thunder, could be heard continuously.

To get rid of this boar phantom, it would take a while, but now Fang Yuan called out another Gu.

This Gu was like a dragonfly, three pairs of wings, palm size. It had four colors that shone brilliantly: jade green, sapphire blue, gold and bright red.

This was the instant success Gu, its body containing the Dao mark of time. As the name suggests, it can speed up the flow of time, it was a rank four consumable Gu.

Fang Yuan split his mind into three, controlling the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu, activating his primeval essence, and injecting them into the instant success Gu.

His primeval sea level fell drastically, eighty, seventy, sixty percent…

Instant success Gu was a rank four Gu, with his rank three initial stage cultivation, it was tough for Fang Yuan to activate it.

When his light silver primeval essence fell to thirty percent, Fang Yuan halted his primeval essence usage, and the heavenly essence treasure lotus slowly opened up, as natural essence gushed out from it, instantly infected by Fang Yuan’s aura and becoming his light silver primeval essence.

His primeval sea level started to rise, forty, fifty, sixty percent…

Rinse and repeat, after his primeval sea level fell and rose several times, the instant success Gu was finally full, and once activated, it gave off a dazzling light show.

This colorful display of lights shone on the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu and the beast phantom, dying the secret room with a rainbow color.

The boar phantom’s disintegration accelerated.

Originally, the speed of disintegration was almost unnoticeable by the naked eye. But now, like a snowball rolling down a mountain, the speed increased drastically.

After more than ten breaths’ time, the wild boar phantom was completely destroyed.

After confirming it, Fang Yuan quickly stopped using the instant success Gu, and kept his Yin Yang dual cloud Gu.

He could return the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu back to the shop, with the purple thorn token, as long as it is within three days, Fang Yuan can return the Gu and get back the same amount he paid. It was safer than borrowing a Gu from people, and he would not make any loss.

If he borrowed a Gu, the initiative is in their hands, with just a thought, they can take back the Gu in an instant, there would be nothing Fang Yuan could do.

As for the instant success Gu.

After the lights were dimmed as much as possible, its three pair of wings only had two left, and its entire body was slowly vanishing.

Once this Gu was used, it could not be stopped, the lights will continue to shine and accelerate time accordingly. Fang Yuan reducing the light intensity would only prolong its remaining time.

“Again.”

Fang Yuan made use of his remaining time, next, he activated the galloping horse strength Gu.

This Gu was rank three, able to modify a Gu Master’s body and form a horse strength phantom for him.

Under the influence of the galloping horse strength Gu, Fang Yuan’s body felt numb as the fragment of the strength law started to reside in his body.

This process would last two to three months normally, it was time consuming.

But now, Fang Yuan still had the instant success Gu.

He breathed in deeply, releasing the restraints on the instant success Gu, and a dazzling light shone on him immediately.

The numb feeling intensified at once, the two to three months of torture assaulted him, turning into a painful numb feeling.

Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, after five minutes, his body was drenched in sweat.

But the horse strength phantom had successfully taken root in his body. After removing the strength of a boar, he added the strength of a horse!

The instant success Gu’s light dimmed again, it had lost another wing in this process, it only had one pair of wings plus another half a piece.

But Fang Yuan paid a much greater price.

Instant success Gu had a great drawback, that is, in this short period, he lost three months of lifespan!

“Again!”

Fang Yuan wiped away his sweat, ignoring the intense pain in his body and used the Gu again.

He had to make the best of his time, while the instant success Gu was still around, he had to make the best out of it.

Green bull labor Gu!

The dazzling light shone on his body again.

Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his eyebrows squeezing tightly, as his pain was even greater than earlier, like giant waves crashing on the shore.

It was five minutes again, but this time, it was much harder to endure.

Finally, through Fang Yuan’s determination, he endured through this period. His body gained the strength of a bull!

The instant success Gu now, had two wings left, both tattered and torn. Its entire dragonfly body was turning translucent, like a hologram floating in the air.

Fang Yuan felt an intense headache, his ears were buzzing and his heart was beating quickly.

“Barely any time left…”

He breathed in deeply, forcing himself to focus, as he activated the stone turtle strength Gu.

But this time, the process only lasted half the time before the lights dimmed, and vanished, as the instant success Gu’s time was used up.

The secret room fell into complete darkness after the lights vanished.

The primeval sea was left with less than thirty percent of primeval essence, but under the help of the heavenly essence treasure lotus, it started to rise slowly.

Heavenly essence treasure lotus was a rank three Gu, it was a very strong assistance to the recovering of Fang Yuan’s primeval essence.

Fang Yuan breathed out deeply, feeling fatigue assault him, almost draining his entire body.

Although he was seated on the cushion, his body was swaying, and he had difficulties sitting.

Activating this instant success took half a year’s lifespan from him. It was a heavy price, but he managed to remove the boar phantom, and gain the strength of a bull, horse, and half a turtle!

Thankfully, he was still young, he had enough lifespan to spare.

Fang Yuan’s battle strength rose sharply!

A day later, on the battle stage, Fang Yuan had his thirtieth match.

Ding.

The bell announced the start of the battle.

“I admit defeat!”

His opponent shouted, ending the battle.

Thus, Fang Yuan obtained his thirtieth victory. In fifth inner city, he had thirty consecutive battles, thirty net wins, and rose to fourth inner city!

No one was surprised by this result.

The Gu Masters in fifth inner city battle stage saw him leave and sighed in relief.

…

“I will return this sum of money to you!” Tie Dao Ku said with a serious expression, his attitude extremely firm.

“Just a small matter, don’t mind it. Brother Tie, what plans do you have now?” His friend smiled.

Tie Dao Ku showed a determined expression: “Gu Yue Fang Zheng is my target, I will not stop until I arrest him. I am going to participate in the Shang clan battle stage!”

After saying bye to his friend, Tie Dao Ku came to the battle zone alone, but heard a nightmare.

“What, Fang Zheng went to fourth inner city? Damn it!”

Tie Dao Ku clenched his fist, indignant: “Fang Zheng, do you think you can escape? Hmph, if you went to fourth inner city, so will I. Not mentioning third inner city, but do you think fifth inner city can stop me? I have to hurry, I shall have my first match today!”

“I refined the ice crystal Gu as my vital Gu. Coupled with the vitality Gu to prevent the backlash from the energy of the ice crystal, this way, my core is completed. For close range, I have ice edge Gu, and for long range, should I use snowball Gu or icicle Gu?” Bai Ning Bing thought along the way as she walked to the battle stage.

“Eh? It’s you!” Tie Dao Ku saw Bai Ning Bing walk onto the stage, and was stunned before cheering: “Great! Heaven has eyes, for me to encounter you on the first match!”

Bai Ning Bing heard this, and raised her beautiful jewel-like blue eyes, and spoke in her usual cold tone: “Who are you?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 298: Bai Ning Bing vs Tie Dao Ku 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Honestly speaking, Bai Ning Bing did not know who Tie Dao Ku was.

When Fang and Bai left Qing Mao mountain, Tie Dao Ku and gang were constantly lagging behind them. Even during Bai Gu mountain inheritance, the eventual battle did not involve Tie Dao Ku, nor did Fang and Bai meet him.

Only until a while ago, when Tie Dao Ku and Bai clan came to Shang clan city, did he see Fang Yuan in person for the first time.

But after that, Fang Yuan lured them to Shi Zi restaurant, and after a conversation, Bai clan took out all they had and ran away after giving him five hundred thousand, leaving Tie Dao Ku behind, arrested by Shi Zi restaurant and forced to be a guard outside the door.

Bai Ning Bing did not know of his existence.

But Tie Dao Ku recognised Bai Ning Bing.

From the Bai clan arrest warrant, he had already engraved their appearances deep into his heart.

Now that he saw Bai Ning Bing, he was exhilarated.

Heaven is kind to me, heaven has eyes, giving me a chance to take revenge so quickly!

But after his exhilaration, came intense rage.

Bai Ning Bing’s ‘who are you’ triggered the rage, hatred, humiliation, grievance in Tie Dao Ku, pouring out of a volcano like molten lava!

You murderer, killing my young master, causing me to nearly die, and caused me to be forced into being a guard for a brothel, causing me to be seen by a friend, and losing my reputation.

These were all caused by you, you culprit, And you, you don’t know who I am!

“Ahhhh!” Tie Dao Ku screamed in fury, his neck turning red from shouting, as intense killing intent burst out of his body.

Ding!

The battle started, and Tie Dao Ku did not hesitate, charging towards Bai Ning Bing.

Feeling her enemy’s intense killing intent, Bai Ning Bing squinted as she snorted coldly, rushing towards him as well.

The two got closer rapidly, almost instantly appearing before each other.

Iron hand Gu! Hand blade Gu!

At once, Tie Dao Ku’s hands became iron, and the edges of his palms became sharp blades.

Ice edge Gu!

Bai Ning Bing placed her palms together, and split them apart, instantly forming a blade of pure ice.

Clang!

A crisp sound, and the iron hand blade collided with the frosty iceblade.

The two crossed swords, and as they travelled five to six steps, Bai Ning Bing twisted her waist and flicked her wrist; three icicles flew towards Tie Dao Ku’s back.

Tie Dao Ku growled, forcefully turning around his body and swinging his palms around, smashing the icicles into bits, then ferociously charging towards Bai Ning Bing again.

Bai Ning Bing’s gaze became serious.

After that short exchange, she had understood that this was a fierce opponent.

“Very good, I can use him to assess the quality of my Gu set.” Bai Ning Bing’s battle intent rose.

She was not a monster like Fang Yuan, without such a massive pool of experience, she could only trial and error on her own. Entering the battle stage, one was to earn primeval stones, and two was to develop her own unique set of Gu worms.

Swift shadow Gu!

At this time, Tie Dao Ku’s speed increased, leaving a trace of shadows behind him like a tail.

His acceleration allowed him to reach Bai Ning Bing in a moment.

“So fast!” Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk.

Tie Dao Ku had already stretched out both arms, raising them high above his head, then splitting down, like an axe, chopping towards Bai Ning Bing.

Even before he hit his target, the wind already blew Bai Ning Bing’s silver hair into the air, as her face felt a chill.

The arms were like two sharp blades expanding in Bai Ning Bing’s vision.

Tie Dao Ku first used iron hand Gu, then used the hand blade Gu to cause the edges of his palm to become sharp as a blade.

Not only this, the two sides of his forearm also became dull blades.

Tie Dao Ku’s attack was strong and heavy, with unparalleled sharpness, even a huge rock could be broken, not to mention a fragile human body.

Even with her ice muscles jade bones, Bai Ning Bing did not dare to take it head on, forced to dodge.

Bai Ning Bing retreated as she guarded with her iceblade.

Tie Dao Ku rotated his arms, like a moving windmill, sending his hand blades slashing towards her.

Clang clang clang…

Iceblade and hand blade collided and continuously gave off a loud noise.

Bai Ning Bing created another iceblade, dual wielding, as she retreated and blocked Tie Dao Ku’s furious assault.

Ice edge Gu was the advancement of the rank two iceblade Gu, it had a tougher body and sharper edge.

But Tie Dao Ku also used rank three Gu, using the combination of iron hand Gu and hand blade Gu, with the hand blade Gu was the core of his entire Gu set.

At once, ice shards flew into the air, as the iceblade was filled with cracks.

Tie Dao Ku whipped up a steel blade tornado, he was older and more experienced than Bai Ning Bing, with his anger unleashed, he attacked without rest, forcing Bai Ning Bing to retreat over a hundred steps.

Tie Dao Ku was picked by the Tie clan young master and acted as his right hand man, he had to have some outstanding ability.

If that Tie clan young master became the clan leader in the future, Tie Dao Ku would be like Wei Yang, promoted to an elder in the clan!

Bai Ning Bing was fiercely suppressed, she was bound to lose if this continued. There were numerous cuts on her body as blood poured out.

“This cannot go on… frost breath Gu!” Bai Ning Bing activated her primeval essence, injecting them into her tongue.

There was a six sided ice flower symbol on her tongue, it was the insignia of the frost breath Gu.

Her cheeks puffed up as she exhaled a breath of icy wind.

The light blue icy wind engulfed Tie Dao Ku, causing his arms and half his chest to have a layer of frost.

Coldness assaulted him, as Tie Dao Ku shivered, like he was doused with a bucket of icy water in the hot summer weather, causing his attacks to slow down.

Bai Ning Bing quickly jumped back, pulling distance from Tie Dao Ku.

Tie Dao Ku still wanted to get closer to her, but why would Bai Ning Bing give him the opportunity?

Icicle Gu!

Snowball Gu!

Many icicles and snowballs formed, shooting towards Tie Dao Ku, attacking him like a torrent, as Tie Dao Ku’s assault was forcefully terminated.

Bai Ning Bing breathed out in relief, Tie Dao Ku’s momentum was broken, as she finally caught her breath.

“This person is obviously bad at long range and specializes in close range. But how could I lose in sword technique? Ice crystal Gu!”

Bai Ning Bing was arrogant and proud, her silver hair fluttered as a fierce light shot out of her jewel-like blue eyes.

The cuts earlier had already stopped bleeding, this was the effect of the ice muscles to stop bleeding.

Ice crystal Gu was Bai Ning Bing’s vital Gu, once activated, the sound of water freezing could be heard all over Bai Ning Bing’s body.

Her flesh and blood vanished, converted into a diamond-like crystal form.

At a glance, she was like an ice sculpture, her expression disappeared, her cold appearance became even more emotionless. Her eyes stopped blinking and on the surface of her eyes, there was a thick layer of transparent frost.

Her body grew slightly, her height increasing by two to three inches, and her entire aura had a dominating coldness.

Tie Dao Ku’s ferocious attacks earlier gave her no time to activate the ice crystal Gu, but now she finally could.

When Gu Masters use Gu, they would have to multitask.

Be it battles or refinement, this was so. Even the strong Fang Yuan could only do three things at once with no error, he could not split his mind into four for a long time, otherwise mistakes would occur.

Earlier, Bai Ning Bing had placed all her attention on Tie Dao Ku’s attacks, she concentrated extensively and could not think of anything else. If she activated her ice crystal Gu during that period, she would definitely be distracted and expose a weakness. If Tie Dao Ku made use of it, the consequences would be severe.

Making any changes would require attention, in contrast, doing the same thing only needed one thought.

“It is my turn now.”

She lightly shouted, taking huge steps and carried a cool killing intent, charging at Tie Dao Ku.

Clang clang clang…

The two collided and unleashed their attacks.

Fighting offense with offense!

Bai Ning Bing held her iceblades and waved them around, as Tie Dao Ku used his arms as blades, more agile and flexible.

In a few breath’s time, they had unleashed over a hundred attacks, the white iceblade and the black steel hand blade, struck lightning fast, almost turning into a blur black and white silhouette.

The surrounding spectators were not many, seeing this, they breathed in deeply and were shocked.

Evenly matched!

Bai Ning Bing had turned into ice crystal, her body was made of hard ice, when Tie Dao Ku hit her, he could only make a small scar on the ice.

In contrast, Tie Dao Ku had a very outstanding defensive Gu, causing him to turn into a black iron man, when the iceblades hit him, they create slashing marks.

But gradually, Tie Dao Ku felt increasing pressure.

Bai Ning Bing had stop defending, and concentrated on attacking, thus, her attacks became increasingly sharper.

“This person is improving so much amidst battle. She had such outstanding battle talent, she is using me as a practice dummy to refine her sword technique!” Tie Dao Ku was stunned in his heart, he could feel Bai Ning Bing’s attacks, becoming more refined and precise under pressure, as their force increased.

His inner thoughts caused his movements to slow, and finally, Bai Ning Bing found her chance to strike.

“A chance!” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone brilliantly, as her right hand slashed towards Tie Dao Ku’s brain.

Tie Dao Ku could not dodge in time, thus had to defend against it. He was very confident of his defense, every close range Gu Master would not have weak defenses, as long as his eyes stayed intact, there was no issue.

But at this time, Bai Ning Bing activated a Gu in her aperture.

Ice explosion Gu!

Bam!

The iceblade in Bai Ning Bing’s right hand exploded intensely.

This change caught Tie Dao Ku off guard, as the force of the explosion tore through his defenses.

He subconsciously closed his eyes, as an intense pain assaulted him.

“Oh no, it’s a trap!” Tie Dao Ku’s heart sank, he had a rich battle experience, meticulous and courageous, encountering this, he did not fluster but quickly used the swift shadow Gu to move backwards.

Bai Ning Bing did not let go of such an opportunity, also activating her movement Gu and chased after him, hacking and slashing.

Tie Dao Ku could hear her movements, with his experience and keen senses, he blocked most of Bai Ning Bing’s attacks.

But Bai Ning Bing held the upper hand, at this moment, there was little hope of Tie Dao Ku turning this around.

As he retreated, he barely opened his eyes, finding his left eye blind and his right heavily injured, as his vision was dyed red.

“I admit defeat!” He screamed his throat out.

“The battle has been decided, both sides stop now!” The hosting Gu Master quickly announced.

Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly, attacking more urgently.

But suddenly, a huge invisible force pulled her and Tie Dao Ku apart. In Shang clan city battle stage, there were obviously defensive measures.

As long as the hosting Gu Master reacted in time and acts, there will hardly be any killings on purpose.

“Hmph!” Bai Ning Bing showed displeasure, she felt this force holding onto her, not allowing her to move.

She had to stop.

Tie Dao Ku breathed roughly, removing his defense and quickly healing himself.

He also had a healing Gu, but it could not heal his left eye, he could only stabilize his right eye’s condition and try to preserve it.

“This scoundrel is truly shameless, I got tricked by her and almost died. Damn it! Too hateful!” Tie Dao Ku still had some afterfear mixed with rage and hatred.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 299: Shut up, you fat pig! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“This match is over. I have consumed seventy percent of my primeval essence, only twenty percent is left…” After obtaining victory, Bai Ning Bing left the battle stage.

She summarized her battle learnings while walking.

She would summarize every match she fought. The battle with Tie Dao Ku today, although she felt a pity that she was not able to kill him, her gains were quite great.

“The battle just now was intense but it lasted only a brief period. However, it expended a lot of my primeval essence, come to think about it I have A grade aptitude primeval essence recovery speed. During an intense battle, my set of Gu worms clearly has high primeval essence consumption issues.”

Many Gu Masters faced difficulties in this aspect when they organized their Gu worms.

Who did not like powerful Gu worms? But often, those Gu worms with higher efficacy had higher consumption rates of primeval essence.

Of course there were Gu worms who were powerful and consumed less primeval essence. But they were all rare Gu worms and were very expensive.

Bai Ning Bing had extra money on hand, but it was not a lot. She was smart and after quickly realizing her situation, she started saving money.

Before, she would spend money like water and had no clear concept of the value of primeval stones. That was because the clan spent all their efforts in cultivating her.

Now, she was in charge of her own money during in this period of time, her awareness had a significant transformation.

While Fang Yuan was growing, Bai Ning Bing too was improving rapidly in all aspects.

“It would be good if I had Fang Yuan’s heavenly essence treasure lotus. At least in rank three stage, there would be no need to worry about primeval essence expenditure.” Bai Ning Bing thought of this, inevitably having a feeling of jealousy.

Fang Yuan walked the strength path. Strength path Gu consumed the least primeval essence and with his ninety percent A grade aptitude, he had an abundant source of primeval essence. Heavenly essence treasure lotus could not display its true value in his hands, it was simply casting pearls before a swine!

“What if I buy heavenly essence treasure lotus from Fang Yuan?”

Bai Ning Bing shook her head, quickly throwing away this impractical thought from her mind.

She understood too well what kind of person Fang Yuan was.

She had never seen him suffer a loss, if someday she was able to take heavenly essence treasure lotus from his hands, then it would definitely be after she pays a heavy price.

“Without the help of the heavenly essence treasure lotus, I can only reduce the Gu worms on me.”

After carefully thinking it, Bai Ning Bing decided to give up on snowball Gu.

Snowball Gu was a high tier Gu in rank three and she had planned to use it as a long range attacking method.

However, this Gu expended quite a bit of primeval essence.

It was still okay if she only used it one time. But how could she only send out one snowball in the midst of intense battle?

Five to six snowballs after, her primeval essence consumption would amount to a lot.

“I will give up snowball Gu and keep icicle Gu. Icicle Gu might only be rank two, but it can also restrict the opponent. It would be a threat if I use it with ice explosion Gu.”

Ice explosion Gu was a rank three Gu which could detonate ice and form an instantaneous destructive power.

The larger, older, and colder the ice, the greater the power of the explosion.

She was able to establish her dominance in the battle against Tie Dao Ku because of this ice explosion Gu.

Of course, if the ice explosion spread towards Bai Ning Bing, she would also receive injuries. But if she turned her body into ice crystal, the severeness of injuries would fall to a low level.

Thinking of the splendid battle just before, Bai Ning Bing licked her lips in excitement.

A normal ice path Gu Master pursued defensive or trapping abilities. Only those like fire path Gu Masters or thunder path Gu Masters focused on explosive strength.

However, Bai Ning Bing did the very opposite. The inspiration for it was the ice explosion Gu and she had not expected the results to be so good, beyond her original estimation.

“Ice explosion Gu is brilliant and very effective in battle, I will continue to make full use of it later.” Bai Ning Bing inwardly planned.

She used to advocate a direct and straightforward fighting style; fierce and swift, slashing everything with her ice wind. However, she was influenced after being in contact with Fang Yuan all the time, and now was interested in making treacherous moves.

She was interested in everything splendid in this world.

“Ice crystal Gu, Ice edge Gu, Icicle Gu, Ice explosion Gu…can this set defeat Fang Yuan?”

Bai Ning Bing considered this, considering Fang Yuan as her number one imaginary enemy.

“Fang Yuan walks the strength path, he has all-out effort Gu and is much more domineering in close combat than that guy just before. With my current methods, it won’t be easy to win against him. Unless I can regain my killer move.”

Bai Ning Bing’s killer move was her self created ice blade storm. She had created this using revolving Gu paired with whirlwind Gu and ice blade Gu, forming the icy tornado.

But now Bai Ning Bing’s vision had widened, this move was already old fashioned. Ice blade storm could bully rank two, but would be substandard in rank three realm.

These days, she had been thinking of ways to improve and polish her killer move, but was not able to get any ideas.

She suddenly thought of something and her pace quickened: “Oh right, today is Fang Yuan’s first battle after advancing to fourth inner city. It shouldn’t be too late if I go see now!”

 …

“Kill, kill him!”

“Zhu Ba, finish this kid quick!”

“The way I see it, Zhu Ba doesn’t even need to make a move and this Fang Zheng kid won’t be able to bear it.”

“Hehe, this kid is in trouble. He ran into Zhu Ba who happens to subdue his strength path on his first match!”

The battle stage was lively and full of people.

“Fang Yuan’s match has attracted many spectators. Well, the battle zone doesn’t have any restriction regarding the spectator’s cultivation. As long as the Gu Master has money, he can come watch.” Bai Ning Bing arrived to the battle stage and looked around her before concentrating towards the stage.

This was a mid-scale battle stage and the terrain was ordinary stone tiled floor.

Fang Yuan and a heavily built Gu Master were fighting fiercely. According to the spectators’ comments, Fang Yuan’s opponent should be that Zhu Ba.

Zhu Ba was huge, almost three meters tall. His whole body was full of fats, making his head and limbs look smaller. He was like a enlarged version of the Earth’s sumo wrestlers.

In this world, whether it was a Gu Master or a mortal, their height normally did not cross two meters. Zhu Ba’s height was clearly the result of using some Gu worm.

This was quite normal in fact.

Many flying type Gu Masters would make their bones hollow to reduce the weight. Some earth burrowing Gu Masters would use bone shrinking Gu to turn into a dwarf; like this, their energy consumption would be much lower when drilling a tunnel.

Bai Ning Bing did not have much knowledge about Zhu Ba, but from the continuous comments of the spectators around her, he understood Zhu Ba’s methods.

Zhu Ba was a defensive Gu Master.

The fats in his body provided him with a strong defense.

Fang Yuan moved around Zhu Ba, punching and kicking him. When Zhu Ba received the strikes, the fat on his body shook like water ripples and dispersed the force of the attacks onto all parts of his body. Then with the use of a Gu, this force was gathered together and through a counter-shock method, it was returned back to Fang Yuan.

According to sources, Zhu Ba received his Gu from a demonic inheritance. It was uncertain because he had never exposed the amount of Gu he had and their names.

However, his method of fighting made people helpless, particularly effective against strength path Gu Masters.

“Fang Zheng, take a rest, it is no use. I can send eighty percent of the force of your attacks back at you through counter-shock. Punches and kicks do nothing to me, instead you will be injured. Have you still not realized it?” Zhu Ba spoke in a low muffled voice.

He directly sat on the battle stage, letting Fang Yuan attack him, giving an immovable presence.

Boar phantom, brown bear phantom and crocodile phantom constantly flashed above Fang Yuan. It was the reappearance of the scene when he viciously beat the mountain back toad, but Zhu Ba was indifferent.

No matter how much strength you used, the other did not even glance at you, who would not be discouraged by such a situation?

However, Fang Yuan persevered and continued to move and attack Zhu Ba without saying a word.

It had been like this since the match started and by now, fifteen minutes had passed.

“Puff!” Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and suddenly took back a step, stopping his attacks.

Blood seeped out from the corners of his lips; the counter-shock force from Zhu Ba jolted his organs, inflicting internal injuries on him.

He had iron bones, steel tendons, canopy Gu and there was also golden shield Gu, but this shock passed through all his defense and attacked his internal organs.

His internal organs were not strengthened at all, even though he was healing them with self-reliance Gu, the injuries were getting heavier.

Fang Yuan stopped his offensive, the counter shock force also dissipated. Several breaths later, his internal organs were completely healed.

The offensive resumed!

He took a strong step and began his attacks; his fists smashed like a meteor, bringing with it the sound of the wind. The fats in Zhu Ba shook once again, creating ripples and sending it back.

“Fang Zheng, you have a healing Gu, but so do I. You are suffering eighty percent of the attack, while I only receive twenty percent of the damage. Your consumption is more than mine, it is better to just admit defeat.” Zhu Ba continued to persuade.

Fang Yuan only attacked, without replying.

When blood started seeping out again, he stopped the offensive and used self-reliance Gu to recover.

Although he eliminated the strength of a boar, he added in bull strength, horse strength and half a turtle strength; self-reliance Gu’s effect had surpassed flesh-bone.

This state continued to persist and the spectators were starting to get bored, some even yawned.

“Too boring…”

“I really wonder why Fang Zheng is putting in so much effort.”

“Today, Zhu Ba also looks somewhat abnormal, why hasn’t he attacked?”

“Hasn’t this been his style all along? First defend and waste his opponent’s primeval essence and fighting spirit, then make his move, beating down his opponent.”

“The problem lies here, Fang Zheng has too much energy, he has been attacking for so long with no results but he doesn’t look the least bit discouraged. He is a strength cultivator, so his primeval essence consumption is also small. When will this stalemate end?”

“You guys can’t see what is going on? Zhu Ba is playing with the newbie.”

These words immediately caused the surrounding people to laugh.

To these Gu Masters who hung out in the battle zone all year round, Fang Yuan was indeed a very inexperienced newbie.

“Fang Zheng, there is no meaning in continuing this. I have no interest in your all-out effort Gu, I don’t want to bully a newbie as a senior. It will be better for you to retreat, I promise I won’t choose your Gu worms.” Zhu Ba chuckled.

He had received Fang Yuan’s attacks which contained the boar’s collision force, the crocodile’s biting force and the brown bear’s smacking force, but he was still able to laugh.

“What kind of strength is this!”

“Indeed worthy of being rank eight in fourth inner city.”

“His strength is the real deal.”

The audiences were truly moved.

“Shut up, you fat pig!” Fang Yuan suddenly shouted.

The battle stage went silent.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 300: Fang Yuan vs Zhu Ba (1) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“He… he actually dared to scold senior Zhu Ba?”

“This newbie is too arrogant.”

“Lord Zhu Ba, teach him a lesson, let him know the depths of heaven and earth!”

After the short silence, the audience flared up.

“Young man, you should learn humility. I tried to persuade you with good intentions; nevermind if you don’t listen to it, but you still cursed me. How can a person behave like this? In the end, you will run into walls everywhere and no one will help you.” Zhu Ba sighed.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Are you concerned about me, or are you just afraid to attack? More likely, you can only passively defend my attacks. Your ability to send counter-shock force to injure me while defending is really amazing but how many Gu are you controlling to maintain such a defense? At least three? Can’t concentrate enough to attack while defending? I have already seen through your tricks, do you think I am like those idiot spectators?!”

As he spoke, the spectators got furious and started shouting.

“What nonsense is this!”

“He dares to call us idiots, my insight is much wiser than yours.”

“This kid is overflowing with arrogance. Senior Zhu Ba, he is treating your kindness as dirt, please quickly teach him a lesson.”

Zhu Ba’s expression changed and said in a grave tone: “Young man, since you are so ignorant, I will teach you a lesson to teach you reality. This is a good thing for you.”

He then moved.

This movement was not a small action!

His whole body curled into an enormous meatball and rolled towards Fang Yuan.

At the same time a pale black blade aura wrapped around the enormous ball.

As the enormous ball rolled, stone slabs split open and stone fragments flew. The crushing attack fused with the sharp blade aura, further increased in might making people feel the urge to dodge.

“It appeared, Lord Zhu Ba’s killing move — rolling blade meat!” The Gu Master spectators shouted with excitement.

Bai Ning Bing’s gaze concentrated: “A movement type rolling meat Gu with blade aura Gu? A normal person would not be able to unleash such power but Zhu Ba’s enormous body can amplify his attacking strength!”

“Couldn’t endure it anymore?” Facing Zhu Bai’s violent offense, Fang Yuan was not afraid but pleased instead, his lips outlining a trace of madness.

Vertical crash Gu!

Boar phantom!

Abruptly, he charged straight towards the giant ball!

“Has this kid gone mad?”

“Facing this attack head-on, does he not want his life?!”

“Someone is going to die!”

The audience were stunned.

The two sides collided; meat ball’s charge immediately slowed down while Fang Yuan was sent flying before falling heavily on the ground.

“Look, this is what happens when you overestimate yourself.”

“Eh? This kid didn’t die!”

Fang Yuan wiped off the bloodstains on the corner of his lips and jumped up.

The giant ball charged towards Fang Yuan again. Fang Yuan gave a loud laugh before charging again.

Thump.

A dull thud and Fang Yuan was sent flying again.

Thud!

Sent flying once more.

Thud!!

Sent flying yet again!!

“This match is already set. Fang Zheng might have all-out effort Gu, but he unfortunately met an opponent who counters him.” Someone commented, gloating in Fang Yuan’s misfortune.

“It is difficult to overcome Zhu Ba’s killer move. As his rolling speed increased, his striking force also became stronger. Actually, Fang Zheng’s method was correct, to stop Zhu Ba’s momentum immediately. But the way he chose to do it was too forceful.” Another spectator sighed and shook their head.

“I have never seen such a stupid guy. Choosing to ram into Zhu Ba like this, most of the strength is returned back to him as counter-shock.” Another spectator scoffed.

“This kid shouldn’t be able to get up anymore. Eh? He actually got up!”

Fang Yuan was sent flying again and again, but also stood up each time.

His injuries were not light, but self-reliance Gu gave him potent sustainability.

“Still so stubborn, then die!” Zhu Ba let out an angry roar and fiercely rammed at Fang Yuan.

Vertical crash Gu!

Fang Yuan did not change his battle tactic. Boar phantom flashed above his head.

The two sides collided like meteors.

However, this time, Fang Yuan was not sent flying, instead his fist wedged deeply into the meatball. Rather it was the meatball that shook violently, as blade aura moved rampantly and slashed Fang Yuan like a dark waterfall.

Fang Yuan was ruthlessly sent flying, as the blade aura was completely expended.

Canopy Gu suffered heavy damage, the white light armor flickered weakly before dissipating completely.

Fang Yuan’s whole body was bathed in blood, deep and long injuries on all parts of his body as if he had been hacked by countless sharp knives. He was not like Bai Ning Bing with the defense of her ice muscles, but still the tendons in his body were mostly intact and there was also no damage to his bones.

Self-reliance Gu!

Fang Yuan activated it and his blood loss immediately came to a stop, new flesh grew and the wounds began healing. However, the recovery of his tendons were slightly slower.

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed as she analyzed inwardly: “Without the canopy Gu, it would be difficult for Fang Yuan to win this battle by just relying on self-reliance Gu’s recovery… eh?”

Right at this time, golden rays of light flashed around Fang Yuan.

The light condensed and formed into a light armor: Golden Shield Gu!

“This kid has quite a few defensive Gu!”

“First it was canopy Gu and now it is golden shield Gu; both are great defensive rank three Gu. This kid is rich!”

Golden shield Gu could not be used at the same time as canopy Gu; it was always stored inside Fang Yuan and now it showed itself for the first time.

Bai Ning Bing was slightly dazed before coming back to her senses. She had gotten many new Gu worms, Fang Yuan certainly would also do the same. To Fang Yuan, golden shield Gu was slightly better than canopy Gu since it was more suitable for his strength path methods.

“Even if you have golden shield Gu, the result remains the same.” Zhu Ba’s deep voice came from within the meatball.

The meatball charged towards Fang Yuan, sending him flying again.

“How many times do I have to say it till you understand? You can’t defeat me, you will only bring disgrace upon yourself if you continue.” Zhu Ba sighed.

“Enough, how long are you going to keep acting?” Fang Yuan stood up and wiped the bloodstains on his lips. Others felt no hope for him, but he saw victory waving at him!

It was time.

Fang Yuan lowered his eyes, covering his pupils which were flashing with a sharp light.

Charge!

He again charged head-on.

“Ungrateful kid, then I shall show it to you the true difference between us.” Zhu Ba rolled towards him.

Horizontal charge Gu.

Fang Yuan suddenly charged horizontally and evaded.

Vertical crash Gu.

After charging fifty steps, he quickly turned his direction and charged.

Howl!

In the moments before collision, he activated all-out effort Gu; a brown bear phantom flashed.

Under this attack, the meatball’s skin and flesh folded over and over like the waves in river and sent the counter-shock back towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was sent back several steps before he charged forward again.

He unleashed violent attacks while constantly moving around the meatball, all his punches and kicks were targeted at different areas. This greatly raised the difficulty for Zhu Ba to defend.

Right now, Fang Yuan’s attacks were fiercer than ever before!

Zhu Ba controlled his Gu worms frantically till he was no longer able to cope with it. The meatball trembled crazily but this time, it was not able to return even a bit of the force as counter-shock.

Howl!

Zhu Ba was extremely furious, he cancelled his meatball form and turned back to his human form. Blade aura formed again and flew towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was overjoyed at this; the more Gu Zhu Ba used, more difficult it would be for him to control all of them.

Zhu Ba’s mind was already in a mess!

The opponents he faced before would admit defeat after being struck several times. Even those persevering ones lost their fighting spirit after experiencing Zhu Ba’s rolling attack.

But unfortunately, he met Fang Yuan.

There were many types of men in this world. Some loved their family and some had high ambitions.

Among them, there was a type of man: After he has a clear goal and ambition, he cannot be stopped even if the whole world turned against him!

Fang Yuan was such a man!

No one could stop him, not to mention just merely this Zhu Ba.

Horse phantom!

Vertical crash Gu!

His speed increased suddenly, rapidly charging fifty steps. Horse strength increased his speed by thirty percent more than boar strength.

Horse hooves hit the floor and sped forward!

Zhu Ba did not expect Fang Yuan to still have this trump card and due to being caught unprepared, his blade aura hit the air behind Fang Yuan.

As for Fang Yuan, he was already right before Zhu Ba.

There were no words. Just…

One punch!

This punch was incomparably powerful, exploding even the air around it, the heavy recoil from the punch destroyed the stone tiles under Fang Yuan’s feet into countless shards and even shook the whole stage.

Zhu Ba’s fats trembled violently to disperse the force of the punch around his body before attempting to return eighty percent of the force back to Fang Yuan.

However, Fang Yuan immediately followed with another punch.

Zhu Ba’s physique was huge and was poor at agility. The punch ruthless hit his body.

“I… I… counter-shock!” Zhu Ba opened his eyes wide as he did his best to manipulate several Gu in his body.

However, he had just used all his concentration to manipulate blade aura Gu, and now he was activating other Gu at the same time; it might be okay if he was at peak condition, but right now his mind was in disarray and his mental state had already weakened due to manipulating all the Gu for such a long time.

A flaw appeared.

The fats on Zhu Ba’s body that was shaking like water ripples stopped.

His defense crumbled!

He was still dispersing the force of Fang Yuan’s previous force and so had to stiffly endure this punch.

An intense pain assaulted him, causing his head to spin. The dispersing process of the force of Fang Yuan’s punch was broken. Eighty percent of the force exploded in all parts of his body.

Backlash!

In that instant, Zhu Ba’s heart suddenly stopped due to the intense pain!

Fang Yuan’s fierce gaze flashed, he had been waiting for this moment for so long and he finally created it forcefully.

Grabbing the opportunity, and strike!

Punches were thrown out like the wind. Bear phantom, boar phantom, crocodile phantom and horse phantom flashed in turns in mid-air.

Wind whistled, beast phantoms roared, golden armor covered Fang Yuan’s whole body as his punches exploded out with unrivalled fierceness.

Under everyone’s astonished gazes, the ‘giant’ Zhu Ba was beaten into retreating and howling in pain by the ‘dwarf’ Fang Yuan.

However, Zhu Ba’s extremely obese body forced him to become a punching bag.

Fang Yuan’s vigor rose continually, his unyielding ferocity birthed a feeling in all the spectators that this person could not be stopped.

The intense pain surged like a tsunami and struck Zhu Ba head-on, almost drowning his consciousness.

His thoughts were in a mess and he found it even more difficult to activate his Gu to increase his defense.

Fang Yuan firmly held the upper hand and Zhu Ba was already starting to show the white part of his eyes.

“How can this be? Just now, it was clearly…”

“Was Fang Zheng right about him?”

The audience were in an uproar, the shocking swap of their predicament stupefied them.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Looking at the number eight expert in fourth inner city senior Zhu Ba, beaten till he vomited blood by a newcomer, this scene overturned many people’s expectations!

But Zhu Ba was still an experienced veteran, he suddenly shouted, stretching out both arms and tightly hugged Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan felt that he was wrapped by cotton, the fat meat squeezed at him from all directions, causing him to be unable to move.

He punched and kicked, hitting flesh with every hit. Zhu Ba’s bones were broken, and his flesh was beaten to pulp, mashed under his skin.

But Zhu Ba gritted his teeth, forcefully trapping Fang Yuan. He was almost beaten senseless by Fang Yuan, but the only clear thought on his mind reminded him, if he let this monster out, he would be in deep trouble.

As the space around him was squeezed, Fang Yuan snorted, showing no fear as he activated the all-out effort Gu.

A green bull phantom appeared in mid air.

“A new beast phantom!” Bai Ning Bing saw this and her pupils shrunk.

“Secretly, Fang Yuan had already grown this powerful. If I go against him, with just my Gu worms, I’m afraid…” Bai Ning Bing’s heart sank.

The bull strength was strong and lasting, Fang Yuan stretched out his arms and pulled Zhu Ba’s fat arms that were tightly coiled around him.

Comparing strength, how could Zhu Ba be his match.

Zhu Ba tried his best, his arms were shivering, and sweat poured down like rain, but he could not stop Fang Yuan.

“Damn, damn it, if he gets loose, I am done for!” Zhu Ba felt an intense feeling of unease, the intense premonition of death was causing him to feel extremely scared.

“I… I admit defeat!” He screamed.

Compared to his life, what was fame?

The hosting Gu Master immediately used the battle stage to forcefully separate the two.

“The battle has been decided, Fang Zheng wins, Zhu Ba loses!” The hosting Gu Master announced.

The crowd gasped.

“He actually won!”

“Zhu Ba is just a paper tiger, pretending to be strong on the outside, I was almost fooled by him.”

“Zhu Ba can’t even beat a newcomer, how can he be the number eight expert, this is truly shameful for our fourth inner city battle stage…”

Zhu Ba’s pathetic state now, destroyed the image he had painstakingly built up over the years.

Bai Ning Bing heard the chattering, and shook her head internally: “Zhu Ba has been an expert for many years, he is definitely strong, unfortunately he met Fang Yuan. Zhu Ba’s fighting style was countering his opponent’s attacks. First using defense to waste his opponents’ primeval essence and stamina, then counterattacking to win. But he fought against Fang Yuan, this monster, as a strength cultivator, coupled with the heavenly essence treasure lotus, he has endless primeval essence. Stamina is also his forte as a strength cultivator… the two countered each other in different aspects, but the tougher one won!”

Speaking of which, it was rather ironic.

Bai Ning Bing changed her style, becoming more scheming and devious. Fang Yuan was also changing, from his former scheming style, he started fighting with raw power, a forthright style that goes all in.

The two seemed to have swapped styles.

Zhu Ba fell and admitted defeat, losing to Fang Yuan, his reputation was completely tarnished.

“Good job.” Below the stage, Wei Yang laughed as he said to Fang Yuan.

This was Fang Yuan’s first battle in fourth inner city, thus Wei Yang came to watch.

Fang Yuan’s performance was out of Wei Yang’s expectations.

Wei Yang was very concerned about Fang Yuan, one because of the clan leader’s orders and mission, but also because of their friendship.

“Maybe you were born for the strength path.” At the banquet, Wei Yang exclaimed.

He patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders: “I walked on the strength path in the past, but failed. Now, I see hope in you, do you know, many eyes are watching you now. Continue walking on this path without doubt!”

Fang Yuan nodded.

He knew his circumstance.

He had just risen to fourth inner city, and met Zhu Ba, defeating him. Getting famous overnight, many were taken aback.

This battle had just ended, but he had received many people’s forceful challenge.

These people were mostly strength path Gu Masters, coming after his all-out effort Gu.

The better he performs, the greater the value of the all-out effort Gu, and the more greed it attracts. Right now, those that were coming for him were all experts in fourth inner city.

Henceforth, his predicament would only get tougher.

But the tougher it got, the more his battle intent surged, as Fang Yuan felt his blood burning.

Just this level of risk and difficulty, what are they? How can they stop me, Fang Yuan’s advancement!

“In this world, nobody is capable of ending my ambitions!”

Eight days later, he fought Jin Bian Yuan, after fighting evenly for a while, he unleashed his beast phantoms, destroying Jin Bian Yuan’s core defensive Gu worm, killing him on the spot.

Ten days later, Liao Hua Dong who is famed for aggressive attacks, fought against Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan fought attack with more attacks, taking him down head-on. If not for the hosting Gu Master, Liao Hua Dong would have been dead.

Seventeen days later, Zhong De who has the strength of five tigers fought an exciting match against Fang Yuan, but was beaten like a dead dog, lying on the ground, motionlessly.

…

Time continued to pass by, as Fang Yuan won again and again.

There were many experts in fourth inner city, but Fang Yuan’s growth was insane.

Be it cultivation, addition of new Gu worms, or other these aspects.

The more he won, the more primeval stones he received.

He fought his way through, advancing bravely, every match was a treat to watch for the spectators.

But on the other hand, he was very vigilant. He had never looked down on any opponent, getting all the information he needed beforehand. With Wei Yang and Li Ran, one having authority while the other one has an underground network, Fang Yuan could gather all the information necessary before a battle.

He was not a brainless brute, he only accepted four matches a month. Although forceful challenge was a rule, to prevent intentional targeting, the challenged Gu Master can have eight days of rest time after every match.

Fang Yuan used this time to prepare himself adequately, ignoring the taunting from others. He focused on cultivating, the battle stage’s purpose was to assess and train himself, as well as a source of revenue.

He had become famous.

His victories caused his name to spread wide.

The strongest newcomer in history!

The star of hope in reviving strength path!

The ferocious and ruthless beast!

…

Many titles were bestowed onto him, depicting his traits: Newcomer but has an amazing win record, owns the all-out effort Gu, ruthless and cruel, never letting go of an enemy he can kill, and others.

Three months passed like this.

This day, in the secret room.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing sat opposite each other.

Bai Ning Bing placed both palms on Fang Yuan’s back, injecting her snow silver primeval essence into him.

The primeval essence were converted over by the flesh bone unity Gu, after some losses, they were injected into Fang Yuan’s aperture.

In the aperture, primeval essence ebbed and flowed, as waves crashed and assaulted the aperture walls.

Swish swish swish…

The tides rose and fell, never ending.

The white light walls were assaulted and started to change.

A moment later, the light walls were replaced by water walls, as the white light flowed like water, causing the aperture walls to become thicker and stronger.

From rank three initial stage, he advanced to middle stage!

Fang Yuan only used a few months.

This was all due to the flesh bone unity Gu and Bai Ning Bing. The higher the Gu Master’s rank, the larger the difference between their cultivation across small realms. Bai Ning Bing was rank three peak stage, it was very helpful to Fang Yuan.

This speed, if exposed, would cause a great commotion. Even Fang Yuan who was knowledgeable felt secretly shocked.

But Bai Ning Bing, who was a former ten extreme physique and had a monsterous cultivation speed, did not feel any shock towards Fang Yuan’s advancement.

If Bai Ning Bing was rank four, using the light gold primeval essence, Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would be increased further.

Feeling the change in Fang Yuan’s aura, Bai Ning Bing knew he had succeeded and retracted her palm.

“So how, in a few days, you will reach fourth inner city battle stage. Are you interested in raising your cultivation to rank four?” Fang Yuan turned around and asked.

The higher Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation was, the faster he could cultivate himself.

“No need, if you can stand firm with rank three cultivation and fight your way through, so can I.” Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, not showing any nice expressions Fang Yuan.

 But at the end, she added: “My aptitude rose again, reaching ninety-two percent. At this rate, when are you going to give me the Yang Gu?”

“Oh. That’s fast…” Fang Yuan was shocked, he knew a lot about the ten extreme aptitude, but the details were not in-depth.

Even though poison vow was removed, Bai Ning Bing still served a huge purpose.

“You don’t have to worry, with me around, I can protect your life. We used the poison vow Gu before, even if you don’t trust me, surely you trust the Gu’s power?”

“Hmph.” Bai Ning Bing did not rebuke him, these last few months she spent with Fang Yuan were the most peaceful period of her life. As the two worked hard together, and with the poison vow Gu allowing them to form an alliance. But it seems…”

“This guy, he’s growing faster and gaining more rewards.” Regarding this, Bai Ning Bing had a clear understanding of their differences.

Her improvement was large, but his was larger.

These few months, Fang Yuan not only gained the strength of a turtle, but also used the rank three bronze skin Gu, giving his skin another layer of defense.

Rank two bronze skin Gu can only give the Gu Master’s skin increased defense for a limited period of time.

The rank three bronze skin Gu, used one’s own body and grants this defense to their body permanently.

Now, Fang Yuan’s skin is bronze color, like he had undergone a sun tan.

Iron bones, steel tendon, bronze skin, with golden shield Gu, Fang Yuan’s defense was at initial success stage, even among third inner city battle stage, it is sufficient to deal with any strong foe.

As for the canopy Gu, Fang Yuan had already sold it. It overlapped with the golden shield Gu, and did not suit Fang Yuan’s fighting style.

Just as Fang Yuan advanced to middle stage, a group of people arrived outside Shang clan city.

“Shang clan city… Gu Yue Fang Zheng is inside huh.” Tie Ruo Nan thought as she walked ahead of everyone.

“Tie Dao Ku greets young master.” Tie Dao Ku rapidly paid his respects.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 302: Tie Ruo Nan 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Tie Dao Ku, what happened to your eyes?” Tie Ruo Nan saw Tie Dao Ku wearing a black eyepatch and asked in surprise.

Tie Dao Ku showed an embarrassed expression, speaking the truth: “My eyes were injured by Bai Ning Bing.”

A few months ago, he had a battle with Bai Ning Bing, and suffered a great setback.

Losing his left eye, his battle strength fell drastically, and with the hand blade Gu mercilessly taken by Bai Ning Bing, he was no longer her match.

But Tie Dao Ku did not give up.

He had a determined heart, gritting his teeth and relied on the battle stage, along with taking some jobs of escorting and investigating, to survive in Shang clan city.

He was like a lone wolf licking his wounds, as he observed Fang and Bai secretly, slowly gaining back his strength as well as reporting to the clan.

Precisely because of his letter, Tie Ruo Nan brought a team here personally.

“Bai Ning Bing… actually injured you. Tie Dao Ku, your intel had some errors, why did you not mention this in your letter?” Tie Ruo Nan frowned, slightly unhappy.

How could I have the face to say it…

Tie Dao Ku laughed bitterly, he was a rank three Gu Master, he had his pride and dignity.

But towards Tie Ruo Nan’s accusation, he lowered his head, answering: “It was my mistake.”

He was a proud man, but he was very respectful to Tie Ruo Nan.

It has been two years.

Two years ago, Tie Xue Leng’s death was reported to the clan, causing them to fall into deep sorrow.

A rank five Gu Master was a great strength, standing at the peak of the mortal realm, even a huge clan like Tie clan would feel pain in losing one.

Moreover, this was the divine investigator Tie Xue Leng.

His name spread throughout the southern border, he was a symbol and a flag for Tie clan.

Tie Xue Leng’s death was a loss to Tie clan, but also a loss to the entire righteous faction.

Just as the clan grieved, Tie Ruo Nan, as Tie Xue Leng’s daughter, stood up.

She had been following her father, roaming the southern border. After returning to the clan, she challenged the Tie clan thirteen halls, defeating her foes in the arena battles and becoming one of the eight young masters in Tie clan. After taking over Tie clan’s internal affairs, she cracked many cases, corruption and greed could not hide from her, as she brought the criminals to justice.

TIe Xue Leng fell, but Tie Ruo Nan rose, taking over her father’s duty, and became the new rising star for the last two years in Tie clan.

Tie Ruo Nan’s name started to travel wide, and even Tie Dao Ku, someone who was far away in Shang clan city, heard about her stories.

Tie clan and Shang clan had different policies, even if Tie Ruo Nan fails to attain the position of Tie clan leader, she will still be an important member, a great general protecting the mountain.

She was young, but already rank three upper stage. Her title of genius was true to its name.

Be it Tie Ruo Nan’s current or future achievements, it was worth Tie Dao Ku’s respect.

“Tie Mu, go see to his injuries.” Tie Ruo Nan waved her hand, saying.

Tie Mu had a delicate face, he was the healing Gu Master in the team. He quickly went forward and checked Tie Dao Ku’s eyes in front of everyone.

In just a few breath’s, Tie Mu reported: “His eye is crippled, there is nothing I can do. To heal it, a rank five Gu Master is needed.”

He was being humble, merely twenty-eight years old but already rank three peak stage, he was a clan elite from Tie clan’s side branch.

Many people tried to recruit him, but he decided to serve Tie Ruo Nan instead.

These few years, Tie Ruo Nan had taken the role of young master, and her forces expanded, recruiting many talented elites into her faction, TIe Mu was only one of them.

“In Shang clan city, there is a rank five expert named Doctor Su Shou. Tie Dao Ku, take this money and go heal your eyes.” Tie Ruo Nan took out a primeval elder Gu, and threw it to Tie Dao Ku.

“Thank you young master.” Tie Dao Ku took the Gu and showed a grateful expression.

Doctor Su Shou’s treatment fee was extremely expensive, he had scrimped and saved these few years, to save up enough money to heal his eyes.

But a hundred thousand primeval stones was not a small sum. Commodity prices in Shang clan city is high, and Tie Dao Ku had to buy a hand blade Gu, he had no opportunity to save enough money.

He straightened his back: “I have already reserved a garden estate for young master to stay in, please follow me.”

But Tie Ruo Nan waved her hand: “No rush, bring me to Nan Qiu garden, in your report, you mentioned that Fang and Bai stayed at Nan Qiu garden right?”

“Erm… yes, that is so.” Tie Dao Ku was stunned, not expecting Tie Ruo Nan to be so direct.

“Lead the way.” Tie Ruo Nan instructed.

“Yes.”

Tie Ruo Nan had a swift and decisive nature, but a moment later, she was denied entry.

“Sorry, my two masters are cultivating in their secret rooms.” Nan Qiu garden’s doorboy respectfully said.

“What, scared? Trying to hide inside!” Tie Dao Ku snorted in disdain.

The doorboy had been specially trained by Shang clan, he had great qualities, after giving Tie Dao Ku a look, he remaining guarding the door firmly, not letting them through.

Tie Ruo Nan was one of the young masters of the great Tie clan, she would not make a fuss towards a child.

She smiled, taking out an invitation, passing it to the doorboy: “No worry, pass them my invitation letter. I have some relationship with your masters, we will come again at night.”

“I will definitely convey Lord’s message, but they are in closed cultivation, I cannot guarantee when they will come out. They might not come out by dinner time.” The doorboy reminded before they left.

Until dinner time, when Tie clan came again, they were rejected once more.

“I think this Fang and Bai are afraid of young master’s grandeur, hiding inside afraid to show up.”

“Maybe they are trying to display their authority, specially targeting us.”

Tie clan gang guessed, speaking in indignance.

They had visited twice, but were treated like this. Did they really think so highly of themselves? Even Shang clan young master would need to leave his work and come to attend to the group.

“Do not be anxious, we will come again tomorrow morning.” Tie Ruo Nan calmed the gang, handing out another invitation as she showed an expression deep in thought.

On the second morning, Nan Qiu garden closed shut again.

Tie clan gang’s emotions were surging, almost breaking through by force, but were halted by Tie Ruo Nan, who handed out another invitation.

The group had just left, and Fang Yuan came out of his secret room.

“Tie Ruo Nan?” Hearing the servant’s report, Fang Yuan gave a weird look.

He knew that this woman was Tie Xue Leng’s daughter, didn’t she die on Qing Mao mountain?

Tie Xue Leng flew out of the bronze mask of the mountain giant puppet Gu, using the steel hand Gu to save Tie Ruo Nan. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were engaging in a fierce fight at that moment, his vision obstructed by the white form immortal snake, thus he did not see it.

After the fog dispersed, he was attacked by the crane group, the scene was a mess and he did not have a second to rest. Even until Bai Ning Bing self-detonated, Fang Yuan did not see Tie Ruo Nan.

Thus, in Fang Yuan’s impression, he had always thought that the Tie clan father and daughter had died on Qing Mao mountain.

“To think this Tie Ruo Nan is still alive, not only that, she even became Tie clan young master.” Fang Yuan held the three invitations, taking a look and frowning deeply.

Seeing this name, he felt a strong killing intent oozing out of his heart.

This person is too much of an eyesore!

A survivor of Qing Mao mountain, had interacted with himself and Gu Yue Fang Zheng, a huge threat to himself.

If his true identity was exposed, it would affect his current peaceful lifestyle, and the haven he had painstakingly crafted in Shang clan city would be lost.

But this Tie Ruo Nan, Fang Yuan could not do anything to her.

Tie clan young master, in Shang clan city, he was not permitted to kill her.

“I am still too weak, if I was rank six like back then, I could kill this small-fry with one finger.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.

Although his battle strength surged, and his growth was astounding, killing Tie Ruo Nan had consequences the current him could not bear.

In fact, he could not even use his own name at this point.

There is always a mountain higher than a mountain, an expert stronger than another expert. Rank five was only the mortal realm peak, yet he was merely rank three.

Fang Yuan quickly sorted his thoughts, eliminating her was the most direct method, but it could not be used, thus he had to think of a way to deal with this unwanted guest.

“The matter on Qing Mao mountain was not exposed, seeing Tie Ruo Nan’s action, she must not know anything. Otherwise, she would not come with just this group to arrest me.”

“She sent out three invitations and purposely displayed her determination of wanting to meet me. It seems she wants to learn what happened back then from me. After all, her father died on Qing Mao mountain.”

“Then the matter now is, I am using Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s name now, will she suspect my true identity?”

“If she has suspicions, how do I get rid of her doubts?”

“Or even worse, if my identity is exposed, how do I salvage it? From Shang Yan Fei’s findings, I have an ordinary aptitude, only my brother is A grade aptitude, how do I explain the change in my talent…”

Fang Yuan’s brain rapidly worked.

He was a sly schemer, having a vigilant nature, he always considered the worst outcome, and this huge crisis was no different.

He quickly thought of a countermeasure.

“If I really get to that stage, I will sell the blood skull Gu to Shang Yan Fei. He had been collecting the blood sea true inheritance, if I sell the blood skull Gu to him, he would be able to raise Shang Xin Ci’s aptitude. He dotes on her so much, using the man triumphing heaven Gu for her to change her fate. He will not reject this deal.”

Handing over the blood skull Gu, would allow Fang Yuan to explain the reason why he concealed his identity.

But unless the matter had progressed to the worst stage, Fang Yuan would definitely not sell the blood skull Gu.

“The blood skull Gu is a divine Gu to raise geniuses for a clan. If I sell it to Shang clan, Shang clan’s forces would expand rapidly. Although the blood skull Gu has no value to me anymore, it is another story for others.”

Fang Yuan did not know Fang Zheng was still alive now, and was experiencing a rapid growth in strength.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan could not help but think again: “According to Tie clan’s reaction, Tie Ruo Nan probably has no idea the blood skull Gu is in my hands. Maybe my A grade aptitude now is the greatest facade I have.”

Regarding this, Fang Yuan was spot on.

The truth is, Tie Ruo Nan had never suspected Fang Yuan’s identity.

The reason was obviously aptitude.

Tie Ruo Nan had always assumed that Fang Yuan was the Desolate Ancient Moon physique. Regarding the weakness of the ten extreme physique, she had learned much about it in Tie clan. After such a long time had passed, if it was really Fang Yuan, he would’ve died long ago.

Furthermore, from Tie Dao Ku’s reports, Fang Yuan’s fighting style of being brave and forthright, was also a testament to his identity.

In Tie Ruo Nan’s mind, Fang Zheng was the one with such a style, as for that devious Fang Yuan, how could he fight with such ferocity?

On Tie Ruo Nan’s fourth visit, she finally met Fang Yuan.

In the living room, only Fang Yuan and Tie Ruo Nan were present, the rest were sent away.

“To think that you and I would meet under such circumstances.” Tie Ruo Nan exclaimed.

Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng were twins, they looked almost identical.

She exclaimed, but Fang Yuan was even more emotional, sighing deeply: “The past is the past. Let it stay that way, I do not want to mention it again.”

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone sharply: “No, some things cannot be forgotten. My visit this time is for the matter back then. You must know how my father died, please tell me the truth!”

Fang Yuan looked at Tie Ruo Nan deeply, she showed no fear, staring right back at him. Her gaze showed a strong determined spirit.

Her eyes and eyebrows were sharper than before, as she did not roam around these few years, her slightly dark skin had turned pale, and together with her aquiline nose and red lips, it displayed the image of a heroic female general.

No doubt, she was a beauty. Although no match for Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci, her body had great shape, especially the long legs. Coupled with her unique disposition, it caused her to shine among people, and lure the conquering desire of men.

But Fang Yuan was not concerned with her appearance, from her gaze, Fang Yuan sensed that she had no doubt about his identity.

This was good.

Then next, the problem was how to explain the matter back then.

Fang Yuan knew, if he did not give a proper explanation, Tie Ruo Nan would not let go.

Regarding this, Fang Yuan had his measures.

Thus, he sighed: “Every time I think about Qing Mao maintain, my heart aches. You may have lost a father, but I lost a clan, every single one of my family, and was forced to roam in the wilds. Although Shang clan city is good, it is after all a foreign land, there is no feeling of home.”

Saying so, his eyes turned red.

Seeing Fang Yuan act like this, Tie Ruo Nan’s tough as steel gaze softened.

As people in similar circumstances, both of them were victims. But compared to her, Fang Zheng who had lost all his clansmen was no doubt more pitiful.

“Do you know? You killed a young master from my clan, if I had not stopped them, you would have been trialed by my clan already.” Tie Ruo Nan changed the topic.

Fang Yuan’s expression changed, rapidly explaining: “I know about the matter regarding Tie Dao Ku, it was not intentional! I dug the traps to deal with the grass skirt monkeys. Who asked your Tie clan to tail after me and fall into my trap? They were asking for death, how can you blame me!”

“A life for a life, it is perfectly justified, no?” Tie Ruo Nan’s expression turned solemn.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart: “If that is the case, how many lives would I need to repay them?”

His face showed a cold smile too: “Tie Ruo Nan, after so many things had happened, we are no longer naive kids. Your Tie clan has no justification in this matter, the reason you did not act is because of the purple thorn token in my hand, is that not the case?”

Tie Ruo Nan replied honestly: “The purple thorn token is the main reason. But it can only protect your safety in Shang clan city, once you leave, we will not let you go. If you can tell me the truth behind the matter back then, I can assure you, as long as I live, Tie clan will not pursue you for this matter.”

Fang Yuan’s heart was slightly shocked.

This Tie Ruo Nan seemed to have developed well these few years. Even as a Tie clan young master, not many had this level of authority.

“If you do not believe me, we can use the poison vow Gu.” Tie Ruo Nan continued.

Poison vow Gu again?

To speak the truth, Fang Yuan was already getting sick of refining the eating one’s words Gu.

“The truth is nothing much, now that you are Tie clan’s young master, can you not guess it?” Fang Yuan lowered his head, secretly observing Tie Ruo Nan.

He used this to probe her, but Tie Ruo Nan did not seem to notice it.

 The young girl smiled: “Actually, even if you do not say it, I have an idea already.”

Fang Yuan’s tone changed: “You know?”

Tie Ruo Nan sighed slowly: “The ten extreme physique is not a secret to the high-tier clans in the Gu Master world. Causing that scene and sealing the entire Qing Mao mountain in ice, even a rank five Gu Master cannot do it. But what I did not expect is, your brother was not the Desolate Ancient Moon physique, but the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique.”

“What?” Fang Yuan called out in his mind, but his expression remained the same, only squinting appropriately.

“Why did she think I am the Desolate Ancient Moon physique?” Fang Yuan felt weird at the absurdity of her claim.

“Wait… no wonder back then, the Gu Yue clan leader protected me for no reason. Don’t tell me, they thought my cultivation speed was due to the ten extreme physique?” As he considered this, many things started to make sense.

“If she thinks so, then the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique is my greatest cover. This means she had never doubted my real identity. As long as I do not show a flaw in my pretense later…”

Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s face showed a complicated and painful expression.

He did not speak, only sighing.

The more he speaks, the more loopholes he creates, words lead to mistakes!

Tie Ruo Nan looked at his expression and affirmed her guess, as her tone became softer: “Fang Zheng, I know the pain in your heart is very complicated. The only who ruined your home, causing you to roam outside, and murdered your entire clan, was your own brother Fang Yuan…”

Fang Yuan stopped her words, his eyes turning red: “Stop speaking, since you know so clearly, why must you ask me now.”

“But I need a clear answer, all these were my assumptions!” Tie Ruo Nan gave a forceful gaze.

Fang Yuan nodded, as tears fell silently.

Tie Ruo Nan seeing this, could not force him further, only saying dejectedly: “Do you know, I had rushed back to Qing Mao mountain, seeing the snow that engulfed the mountain, my heart was a mess. I know my father was killed by Fang Yuan, if he was still around, the hatred of killing my father is greater than the heavens, I will definitely kill him for revenge. But he is already dead…”

“So what if I am not content with the outcome? I want to be filial to my parents but it is too late, I want to kill the murderer but he is already dead. It is the greatest regret in life!” Tie Ruo Nan sighed, not knowing that her mortal enemy was right in front of her.

Fang Yuan snorted coldly, showing displeasure: “Fang Yuan is after all my brother, he is already dead, what more do you want?”

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone: “I want to know some things. Back then, my father had received a mysterious letter, I know what is written in it. It says that the Gu Yue village contained a blood sea inheritance, thus my father disregarded his injuries and rushed to Qing Mao mountain immediately. Do you and Bai Ning Bing know about it?”

Fang Yuan shook his head: “If I obtained it, I would’ve used it already. Why would I suffer so much on this journey?”

Tie Ruo Nan stared at Fang Yuan with deep meaning: “The blood sea inheritance brings endless disasters. Back then, the demonic path Gu Master blood sea ancestor left this vile inheritance behind. Getting to the root of the problem, my father’s death was also due to this inheritance. Fang Zheng, if you really received this inheritance, I hope you can hand it over to me, and let me compensate for some of my regrets.”

Fang Yuan shook his head: “No means no.”

Tie Ruo Nan was solemn, before speaking: “According to my reports, you have a Gu in your possession that gives off a strong blood aura, you used to use it as a long range attack. But after you converted to a strength path cultivation, you no longer use it. Why is that?”

Fang Yuan was stunned, before realizing.

“You are suspecting me of taking the blood sea inheritance, but wanted to conceal it? Hmph, you mean this Gu?”

Fang Yuan willed, and took out the blood moon Gu from his aperture, tossing it to Tie Ruo Nan.

“This is the blood moon Gu from my clan, did you not see my brother use it before? Back when the explosion occurred, my clan leader and Bai clan leader worked together and protected me and Bai Ning Bing at the expense of their lives. The clan leader handed me his remaining Gu, and during the journey with Bai Ning Bing, many Gu died of hunger, but only this blood moon Gu remained became it was easy to feed.”

Fang Yuan’s words not only answered Tie Ruo Nan’s enquiry, but even explained why he and Bai Ning Bing were able to escape from the icy hell.

Tie Ruo Nan inspected the blood moon Gu, her expression turning relaxed: “So that’s it. Your clan leader was courageous, in order to protect the bloodline, he sacrificed himself, he is truly noble!”

Fang Yuan snorted: “That is why I have to live better, and rebuild Gu Yue village. Whoever dares to stop me, I will end his life!”

This explains why he was so cruel and ruthless in the battle stage.

“Although we did not spend much time together, I can evidently feel that you have changed.” Tie Ruo Nan looked at Fang Yuan, she was only reminiscing and did not suspect him.

After encountering such a trauma, most people would change, that was normal.

Fang Yuan looked at her plainly: “People change, didn’t you change as well?”

Tie Ruo Nan shook her head: “I have just been walking on my own road.”

After that, both of them went silent.

Long after, Tie Ruo Nan spoke: “I will bring Tie Dao Ku back. I promise you, Tie clan will no longer pursue this matter. Relying on Shang clan and rebuilding your clan is a good method, many people succeeded, and I wish you success as well.”

After saying that, the young girl stood up and left decisively.

Fang Yuan looked at her leave, his eyes squinting.

He had an obscure premonition, this Tie Ruo Nan was not simple, she might bring him great problems in the future.

“I really want to kill her in advance…” Fang Yuan was filled with helpless regret.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 304: Bitter Strength Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tie Ruo Nan really left. And like she said, she took Tie Dao Ku with her.

Fang Yuan understood very well what kind of person Tie Dao Ku was.

Being able to fight intensely with Bai Ning Bing for such a long time, he clearly was an expert and could not be looked down upon. Now, he had been recruited by Tie Ruo Nan.

“This Tie Ruo Nan must be eliminated, leaving her alive will be an enormous threat.” Fang Yuan had an intense premonition in his heart, because Tie Ruo Nan, him and Bai Ning Bing had a common point —

They were people who found the road they want to walk on in life.

Such people had great willpower and courage, as long as they didn’t die prematurely, they were sure to have huge accomplishments.

Tie Ruo Nan also had A grade aptitude along with the support of Tie Clan.

She was one of the eight young masters of Tie Clan, just this alone, Fang and Bai could not compare with her even with the purple thorn tokens.

“If our growth continues like this, she will gradually throw me and Bai Ning Bing far away. Only through the three kings inheritance, can I decrease the gap between us.” Fang Yuan made a plan.

With a normal development, Fang and Bai were not Tie Ruo Nan’s match. The latter was one of the young masters of Tie Clan, the resources she received were so much that Fang and Bai could not even begin to compare.

Only by walking on an uncommon route, by taking risks and shortcuts, could they decrease this gap.

The three kings inheritance and the great demonic righteous battle of Yi Tian mountain were such ‘shortcuts’.

Spring came and left; autumn left and returned.

The river of time continued to flow ceaselessly and over a year passed.

Nan Qiu garden, secret room.

Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on a cushion, beads of sweat seeped out of his forehead, as he gritted his teeth and endured.

He was refining Gu and it was the crucial moment.

A red, orange and green sphere floated in mid-air; the size of a basket. Its lights tinged Fang Yuan’s face with a variety of colors.

Doing four tasks at once!

“Stone turtle strength Gu, go.”

Following Fang Yuan’s will, a darkish light flew out of his aperture and pierced into the three colored light sphere.

The addition of stone turtle strength Gu immediately created an intense reaction in the three colored light sphere.

The light sphere which had red, orange and three colors, now had a dark light mixed into it.

The four colors contended against each other but no one could overwhelm the other, and the battle became chaotic.

For a moment, the four colors moved fiercely, just like boiling water which was being stirred by a large hand.

Boom.

Suddenly, there was a small explosion.

The light sphere burst apart and formed a four colored rain. The light rain came fast and left just as quickly; in a blink of an eye, the secret room was submerged in darkness.

Everything disappeared.

“Failed again…” In the eerie darkness, Fang Yuan sighed softly.

Blood slowly seeped out from his nose and due to the failure in refining Gu, his soul also received a backlash, causing him to have a burst of dizziness.

This was already the fourth failure.

“A year and a half has gone, I have advanced to third inner city from the fourth. However, I haven’t been able to buy bitter strength Gu.”

Fang Yuan knew the reason.

One was because bitter strength Gu was extremely rare and also very expensive; it rarely appeared even in Shang clan city.

Second was because Shang Ya Zi was the one who managed the shops and was obstructing Fang Yuan from the dark.

Shang Ya Zi was one of the young masters of Shang clan and was in control of the stores in Shang clan city. Fang Yuan wanted to buy bitter strength Gu, and Shang Ya Zi possessed all kinds of ways to obstruct Fang Yuan.

Two years ago, Fang Yuan arrived at Shang clan city and had extorted Shang Ya Zi. And after this was done, Shang Ya Zi relied on Bai Gu inheritance to pass the clan’s examination and maintain his young master position. Although he was hindered by poison vow Gu – not being able to make fatal moves against Fang Yuan – this way of taking revenge was still allowed.

Shang Ya Zi was after all Shang Yan Fei’s son, each loss he suffered made him wiser. After the setbacks he suffered, he roused his spirit, wiped away his decadence, became cautious in indulging in wine and women, and became more shrewd.

He relied on the clan’s system to deal with Fang Yuan, using more hidden means that even the purple thorn token Fang Yuan possessed was of no use.

Purple thorn token holders were considered Shang clan’s esteemed guests. But in the end, they were outsiders and could not compare to Shang Ya Zi who was Shang clan’s young master.

Since he could not buy bitter strength Gu, Fang Yuan could only attempt to refine it himself.

However, the success rate in refining bitter strength Gu was really very low.

Counting in today’s attempt, Fang Yuan had already tried the fusion four times and in the process lost brown bear strength Gu, galloping horse strength Gu, green bull labor Gu and stone turtle strength Gu.

Apart from these, he had also lost precious supplementary materials and large amounts of primeval stones.

Fortunately, Fang Yuan was able to keep on winning at the battle stage and earn resources, allowing him to bear the cost of Gu refinement failure.

“Sigh, this time is also a failure… I can only wait for my injuries to recover before I try again.” Fang Yuan sighed.

Gu refinement required prudence.

Failure to refine a Gu could inflict backlash on the Gu Master’s body and soul. Injuries on the body were easier to resolve; but because of multitasking, the soul suffered damage which was extremely troublesome to deal.

The higher the rank and rarer the Gu was, the more severe the consequences of failure.

Thus, refinement Gu Masters would often be seriously injured or become bedridden because of Gu refinement failures, and sometimes the backlash even led to deaths.

It was not that Gu which could heal the soul did not exist, but they were all extremely rare and were usually kept secretly by the large clans.

The injuries to his soul this time would inflict light dizziness to Fang Yuan for over a month.

This dizziness would affect Fang Yuan’s battle strength and such a minor gap could be fatal in a battle between experts.

Thus Fang Yuan usually attempted this after an interval of a month to let his soul have enough time to recuperate.

Gu refinement failed but today’s cultivation was not over.

Fang Yuan waited in meditation; a short while later, he heard a knock from outside. He opened the door and welcomed Bai Ning Bing.

Over this course of a year and a half, Bai Ning Bing made rapid progress and also reached the third inner city, having assembled a set of Gu worms. She was on par with Fang Yuan and rarely suffered losses. They were called the two new stars of this generation in the battle stage and received attention from many people.

The two did not speak and only nodded to each other.

Bai Ning Bing sat cross-legged on the opposite cushion and placed her palms against Fang Yuan’s back, pouring her snow silver primeval essence.

Bai Ning Bing was intentionally suppressing her cultivation and thus, was still at rank three peak stage.

In contrast, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was advancing rapidly and was now only half a step away from rank three upper stage.

Four hours later, Bai Ning Bing stopped injecting the primeval essence and withdrew her palms.

Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

His aura was even more abundant and there was a vague feeling of fullness. This was the sign of cultivation close to breaking through.

“My cultivation is getting close to rank three upper stage, I will breakthrough within a few days.” Fang Yuan calmly analyzed in his mind.

“After I breakthrough to upper stage, I will use the white silver relic Gu and directly push my cultivation to rank three peak stage. Like this, I can catch up to Bai Ning Bing, and also ease Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure on the aperture.”

Spring Autumn Cicada was Fang Yuan’s vital Gu and was also a rank six Gu.

Over this course of a year and a half, it had been continually absorbing the water of the river of time and its aura was growing stronger as it recovered, creating a pressure on Fang Yuan’s aperture again.

But the situation this time was many times better than the one on Qing Mao mountain.

Fang Yuan’s cultivation was advancing rapidly, and with a rank three aperture, it was not as pressing as back then on Qing Mao mountain.

All this should be attributed to bone flesh unity Gu and Bai Ning Bing.

Cultivation ended; Bai Ning Bing stood up and left the secret room immediately.

During the whole process, she did not say a word and her expression was cold as ice.

Fang Yuan was also not someone who spoke a lot. Over this year and a half, the two were already used to interacting like this.

Fang Yuan inwardly pondered: “When I reach rank three peak stage, Bai Ning Bing’s primeval essence won’t be of much help to me. But from this long period of interaction with her and from the minute changes in her aura, I can vaguely feel that she isn’t far from rank four realm.”

Even if Bai Ning Bing was trying her best to delay her cultivation, the curse of the ten extreme physique had not disappeared and started showing its effect.

According to what Bai Ning Bing said, her aptitude had raised by two percent again and was now at ninety-three percent.

Another seven percent increase would reach hundred percent and she would regain her northern dark ice soul physique.

“If she reaches rank four, her yellow gold primeval essence would be of great help to me in breaking through to rank four realm.”

“In some aspects, she and I are in similar circumstances. I have Spring Autumn Cicada and she has northern dark ice soul physique…”

Seven days later, Fang Yuan received good news from Wei Yang.

An auction!

“A rarely seen disaster appeared at Ju Feng mountain and destroyed Ju clan. The remnants of Ju clan had submitted to Shang clan city and are auctioning large amounts of their clan’s collections to maintain their livelihood. Thus, there will be an auction held soon.”

After saying this, Wei Yang intentionally said to Fang Yuan: “Brother Fang, your luck has come. I have investigated and found there is a bitter strength Gu being auctioned this time.”

Wei Yang was clear of Fang Yuan’s demand for bitter strength Gu. Fang Yuan had even requested him to make inquiries before.

“The main thing is everyone in Shang clan city are viewing this auction with importance, it will be difficult for young master Shang Ya Zi to play tricks.” Wei Yang added.

The conflict between Shang Ya Zi and Fang Yuan was no secret to Shang clan’s higher ups.

“Bitter strength Gu!”

“Ju clan!”

Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened.

Ju clan had centuries of foundation, there was sure to be many useful things up for bidding now that they were selling their properties. Bitter strength Gu which Fang Yuan had not obtained despite searching all over for it, was one of them.

“I have accumulated close to a million primeval stones in the course of this year and a half. I have a huge chance of successfully buying the bitter strength Gu.”

“Cases like Ju clan’s destruction aren’t rare. In this world, besides human disaster, there are also natural disasters. Strong wind blows throughout the year in Ju Feng mountain, although it is a spiritual mountain possessing spirit springs, the environment is really bad. There could be many treasures in Ju Clan’s storage.”

“I need to participate in the auction!” Fang Yuan immediately decided.

 …

“What, Ju Clan has a bitter strength Gu?” In a study, Shang Ya Zi slowly furrowed his brows.

He was holding a document on one hand; the document contained most of the details of the auction.

And his other hand was on the table, his index finger knocking on the surface.

“To think Fang Zheng’s luck is so good, I did everything to obstruct him and it seems he is still going to obtain the bitter strength Gu. Even father is paying attention to the auction this time, it won’t be easy for me to interfere.”

“But, Fang Zheng… I won’t let you get the bitter strength Gu so easily. I will also participate in the auction and make sure you suffer a huge loss!”

Shang Ya Zi could not help but let out a cold snort at the thought.

He had always kept a grudge due to Fang Yuan’s extortion.

He was a narrow-minded and petty person, refusing to see Fang and Bai gain fame and status. He could only ease the hatred in his heart by seeing Fang and Bai’s pain and suffering.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 305: Auction (1) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Strong winds blow continuously throughout the year on Ju Feng mountain, since its creation, Ju clan village had been facing the threat of hurricanes.

Ju clan village is situated at the top of Ju Feng mountain, having hundreds of years of history. Contesting the natural disaster as mere humans, the clan often faced the threat of extermination, but they pulled through every time. But this time, they faced a giant hurricane that is rarely seen in a hundred years.

Ju clan village could not longer defend themselves, and was destroyed by the disaster.

The terrifying hurricane destroyed the spirit spring, and many people in Ju clan died. After losing their village, they could only leave and come to Shang clan city, seeking refuge in hopes of rebuilding their home in the future.

Commodity prices are high in Shang clan city, to live, they had to sell their assets.

To Ju clan, this was a disaster, but to others, this was a rare opportunity.

Although Ju clan was a small size clan, they had their secrets for being able to live on Ju Feng mountain and fighting the natural disaster for hundreds of years without falling.

Ju clan selling off their assets made this auction very attractive to people.

Once news got out, it attracted most people’s attention in Shang clan city.

Seven days later, the auction was held.

At the auction, it was overcrowding with people and there were zero empty seats in the large hall. The private rooms on higher floors were all sold out as well.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, using their purple thorn tokens, snatched a private room for themselves.

Fang Yuan opened a slit in the curtain of the room, standing at one side feeling the rowdy atmosphere of the hall.

At this time, the auction had not started yet, and nearly a thousand people in the hall were talking among themselves, making a great commotion.

“Sigh, what a pity for Ju clan. After hundreds of years, they finally lost to the hurricane. Man really cannot contest the strength of the natural elements.” Someone exclaimed.

“This is nothing much, new clans rise up and old clans get eliminated. Just like a few years ago, the three clans on Qing Mao mountain were wiped out together. Ju clan’s demise was nothing extraordinary.” Someone felt indifferent.

“Ju clan’s tragedy is our happiness. I hear there are lots of good stuff in this auction.” Someone was gloating at the clan’s disaster.

“So many Ju clansmen entered Shang clan city, this will cause great disturbance to Shang clan city’s economy.” Someone predicted the future.

At this moment, there was a huge commotion.

“Look, that is Shang clan young master Qiu Niu.”

Fang Yuan followed the voice and looked, seeing Shang Qiu Niu walk in from the entrance, taking large strides in.

He had a muscular build and his steps were stable. He was thirty years old now, as Shang Yan Fei’s eldest son.

“Greetings to eldest young master Qiu Niu!”

“My respects to eldest young master.”

“It is our honor to be able to see eldest young master in person.”

At once, many people rushed up and paid respects to Qiu Niu.

“Hello everyone.” Qiu Niu did not speak much, smiling lightly as he calmly faced the situation.

Finally, he walked into a private room under everyone’s gaze.

The auction house became quiet again.

But soon after, a commotion rose again.

“Young master Chao Feng and Fu Xi are here too!”

“They had a great relationship since young, as expected, they came here today together.”

The fourth son Shang Chao Feng, still had a messy hair and a wild aura. The thirteenth son Shang Fu Xi was refined and delicate, looking like a scholar.

The two talked as they entered the private room together. Their servants opened a path for them along the way, and they did not care about the surrounding people.

Fang Yuan looked with a cold expression, squinting.

In his memory, Shang Chao Feng almost managed to get the Shang clan leader position, he was Shang Xin Ci’s greatest competitor. He was wicked and devious, and had decisive courage, this was somewhat like Shang Yan Fei.

Shang Fu Xi was his greatest supporter, willingly going under him and had wits, being good at planning. In the future, when the righteous demonic battle at Yi Tian mountain occurred, he schemed and employed strategies that caused great damage to the demonic Gu Masters, gaining fame instantly.

The two, one was capable and the other was good at scheming, complementing each other. The former controlled the Gu battle zone while the latter controlled the auction zone. They were both important domains in Shang clan city, being fully developed. Right now, these two were the third largest faction among the ten contesting young masters.

Before Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi entered their room, another group of people came.

Shang Pu Lao, Shang Suan Ni, and Shang Bi Xi walked in full of smiles as they spoke.

These three were the eighth, ninth, and tenth children of Shang Yan Fei. Because of benefits, they formed into a small alliance. They were the second largest faction among the contesting young masters as they had a strong collective force and were temporarily suppressing Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi.

Shang Pu Lao controlled the brothels in Shang clan city, he was a casanova and womaniser. Shang Suan Ni was in charge of restaurants and silk stores, having a large mouth and wide nose, two traces of yellow smoke came out of his nose when he breathed. Shang Bi Xi was short and fat, but was also a strength path Gu Master. His core Gu was the turtle tire Gu, having the strength of ten turtles.

Shang Suan Ni and Shang Bi Xi were strong experts in cultivation, while Shang Pu Lao had literary talent and fate with women. With the three as the head, two fighters and one scholar, they had great coordination.

The three young masters did not choose a room, but sat in the hall.

Shang Pu Lao had great interpersonal communication skills, everywhere he went, people followed. He spoke casually among the people, blending in perfectly, causing the scene to be even more liven.

On his left and right, Shang Suan Ni and Shang Bi Xi stood like two guardians.

“Shang Yan Fei’s children are all dragons and phoenixes among men !” Fang Yuan sighed internally.

He had a clear understanding of Shang clan’s ten young master situation now.

Right now, there were three factions among the young masters.

The first, was Shang Qiu Niu. He was Shang Yan Fei’s eldest son, with just this identity, he had many Shang clan elders and clansmen supporting him.

The second, was Shang Pu Lao, Shang Suan Ni, and Shang Bi Xi, the three gathered into a strong force and were currently the center of attention.

The third was Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi, hiding their strength and awaiting a chance to rise up.

As for the others, Shang Ya Zi was a loner, having little influence. Shang Chi Wen was bubbly and vibrant, but had no ambition. Shang Pi Xiu had great talent, but was too scheming…

“I want to help Shang Xin Ci ascend to the throne, we cannot compete with the three factions. Although Shang Xin Ci can cultivate, a forcefully awakened aperture only has C grade aptitude, this is not a weak foundation, but zero foundation.”

Shang Xin Ci was Shang Yan Fei’s illegitimate daughter, and her mother was from Zhang clan. Zhang clan and Wu clan were very close, having much grudges with Shang clan. This was Shang Xin Ci’s political weakness.

“Every year, during the young master assessment, there is a great opportunity for Shang Yan Fei’s other children to rise up. In my memory, Shang Xin Ci only became Shang clan young master after six years. But this is too long, if I want to make use of her, I have to get her up there as soon as possible. This year’s assessment is a chance.” Fang Yuan evaluated in his heart.

To get Shang Xin Ci into power, he had to deal with Shang Yan Fei’s other children. Since he could not deal with the three large factions, he will have to deal with the others.

On this aspect, Fang Yuan had a plan every since he entered Shang clan city.

Just as he thought about Shang Xin Ci, she arrived.

Numerous eyeballs were attracted to the entrance of the auction house.

“Shang clan’s two beauties!”

“Really pretty…”

“Young master Shang Chi Wen looks cute and innocent, but coming with Lady Shang Xin Ci, she loses out in terms of appearance.”

The people discussed.

Shang Xin Ci and Shang Chi Wen held hands and spoke as they entered the auction house.

Shang Chi Wen wore a colorful dress, her face was like peach, soft and tender. Shang Xin Ci wore a green skirt, her black hair silky and her eyes shining like the moon. Her skin was white as snow and her lips were pink and tender. She looked elegant and graceful, gentle like water, when she smiled, it was pure and flawless, a perfect beauty. It caused people’s gaze to become dazed.

Beside the two of them, there were four servants.

Two of them were Tian Lan and Xiao Die, Shang Xin Ci’s personal servants.

The servants blocked the excited young men in the hall, as Shang Xin Ci and Shang Chi Wen walked towards Fang Yuan’s private room.

“Brother Hei Tu, Sister Bai Yun.” Shang Xin Ci greeted, unable to hide the joy and excitement in her voice.

Shang Yan Fei used the man triumphing heaven Gu to forcefully awaken her aperture. These two years, he used a lot of precious Gu worms to raise her aptitude. From the lowest twenty percent D grade aptitude, it slowly rose to C grade fifty-nine percent, a step away from B grade.

Shang Yan Fei paid such a huge price to nurture her, and taught her personally, Shang Xin Ci felt his fatherly love, and her hatred vanished into thin air, enjoying the love and bliss.

Shang Yan Fei chose many Gu Masters to teach her. Shang Xin Ci stayed home for most of the time, studying more about Gu Master cultivation of her own accord. She was smart and mature, having faced some difficulties, she desired strength but was not arrogant, had strict goals for herself and improved by leaps and bounds, causing Shang Yan Fei to be extremely pleased.

This auction was a rare chance to relax, she had accepted Fang Yuan’s invitation and wanted to come alone, but met Shang Chi Wen along the way.

“Fang Zheng, I came uninvited, are you going to chase me out?” Shang Chi Wen laughed as she followed Shang Xin Ci into the room.

“How would I dare to, please take a seat.” Fang Yuan invited her with a smile.

Bai Ning Bing sat at one side, hearing this, she did not turn around, but remained expressionless.

Shang Chi Wen gave this ice beauty a curious look, thinking: “Outsiders say Bai Ning Bing is cold and arrogant, it seems they were right.”

Next, she looked at Fang Yuan.

“Actually, this Fang Zheng is also extremely arrogant. After reaching third inner city, and winning all his battles, never having a single loss, many forces started recruiting him. Shang Chao Feng, Shang Qiu Niu, Shang Pu Lao and others, they even held a banquet and invited him personally, but were rejected. These two being together… truly birds of a feather flock together.”

Shang Chi Wen controlled Shang clan city’s battle stage, she was extremely clear of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s situation.

Fang and Bai had never lost a battle since they joined the battle stage, they had overwhelming talent and were the most famous people in the battle zone. Their fame even rivalled the two great rank four Gu Masters, Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu.

Anyone could tell that their future was promising, if any of the Shang clan young masters get their assistance, it would be a huge boost to their force.

But she, Shang Chi Wen, had no ambition, thus she did not send any invitations to them.

“Brother Hei Tu, it has been a while, are you doing fine? I heard you fought with a Gu Master called Teng Jiu Long…” Shang Xin Ci sat beside Fang Yuan, her gaze fixed on him as she asked in concern.

Fang Yuan laughed lightly: “It has only been ten days since we met, why is it ‘been a while’? As for Teng Jiu Long, he could not even stop my advancement before losing. In this battle stage, only Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu are a threat, the rest are nothing to be worried about.”

Fang Yuan’s calm words displayed his extraordinary pride and self-confidence, as Shang Chi Wen listened with shining eyes, and Shang Xin Ci’s heart was moved once again.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 306: Auction (2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

As time passed, more and more people entered the auction house.

“Look, that is one of the five generals of Shang clan, White Light Swordsman!” Someone shouted.

Wei Yang’s title was the White Light Swordsman, he came as well.

“I have already checked, the bitter strength Gu you want is the thirteenth item. But, Shang Ya Zi is already in the fifth private room. I heard he purposely withdrew all of his assets, you have to be careful brother Fang Zheng.” Wei Yang walked into the private room, giving Fang Yuan important information.

According to logic, the sequence of the auction items should not be revealed, and the identities of the guests should be kept secret as well. But as one of the five great generals of Shang clan, Wei Yang controlled the intelligence agency Feng Yu Manor, thus it was easy for him to get all the information he wanted.

Wei Yang patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders, still feeling worried: “Shang Ya Zi is not here for fun, he has at least one million and two hundred thousand primeval stones on hand. The bitter strength Gu is a treasure for strength path Gu Masters, other than Shang Ya Zi, there are two more people who are your greatest competitors, one is Shang Bi Xi, the other is Ju Kai Bei, you have to watch out.”

Tenth son Shang Bi Xi had the turtle tire Gu, having the strength of ten turtles, he was a strength path Gu Master not inferior to Fang Yuan. He controlled the Shang clan city’s substitute refinement zone, although there was not much profits there, his eighth brother Shang Pu Lao controlled the brothels and ninth brother Shang Suan Ni controlled the restaurants and silk stores, they earn buckets of primeval stones everyday. If Shang Bi Xi wants the bitter strength Gu, as an alliance mate, the two of them would surely help.

Other than them, there was still Ju Kai Bei.

He had rank four cultivation, dominating third inner city battle stage.

What did rank four cultivation mean?

In an ordinary clan, he would be a clan leader!

Ju Kai Bei was a rank four Gu Master, but remaining in the battle stage and rejected all of the invitations sent to him by all sorts of forces.

“I will not leave the battle stage unless I defeat Yan Tu!” He declared.

Yan Tu was also a rank four Gu Master, and was the same as Ju Kai Bei as ‘half the sky of battle stage’. Both of them vowed to defeat each other, and only after they became a true number one would they leave the battle stage gloriously.

Yan Tu is a fire path Gu Master, he would not have any desire for the bitter strength Gu. But Ju Kai Bei was a genuine strength path Gu Master, he had won numerous battles, only losing occasionally to Yan Tu, he had to have a lot of primeval stones on him!

Thus, be it Shang Bi Xi or Ju Kai Bei, they were Fang Yuan’s competitors.

“I have some spare money here, use them for now.” Next, Wei Yang passed Fang Yuan a primeval elder Gu.

Shang Chi Wen gasped, slightly surprised.

She knew Wei Yang and Fang Yuan were close, but did not think their relationship was so deep!

She had investigated earlier, this auction had a light type Gu that would be useful to Wei Yang. To think he would hand his primeval stones over to Fang Yuan just for his sake.

Looking at the elderly’s cheerful expression, this primeval elder Gu had nearly a million primeval stones!

This means that Wei Yang gave up on his own Gu.

“Brother Wei, this…” Fang Yuan showed hesitance, as he also revealed a look of gratitude.

“Say no more, accept them. I am only lending them to you, not giving them. From now on, I am your creditor.” Wei Yang laughed loudly, not giving Fang Yuan a chance to reject, forcing the primeval elder Gu onto him.

Shang Xin Ci at the other side also took out a primeval elder Gu.

“Brother Hei Tu, this is mine.”

In her primeval elder Gu, the cloud elder was frowning and upset, from that, one can deduce that there was around a hundred to three hundred thousand primeval stones in it.

This was the pocket money Shang Yan Fei gave to her every month. She scrimped and saved, accumulating them and handed them all to Fang Yuan now.

“If I speak anymore, it will be hypocritical. I accept it all, I will definitely repay you later!” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, cupping his fists and keeping the primeval stones.

Shang Xin Ci smiled lightly, not thinking about Fang Yuan’s repayment. Even if she had to give these to him, she would not feel upset. But she knew, with his temper, he will not accept such a ‘gift’, thus she could only ‘lend’ him.

“That’s the way.” Wei Yang nodded.

He had high hopes for Fang Yuan, and liked his clear definition of kindness and grudges.

At one side, Shang Chi Wen hesitated, but eventually did not take out her primeval elder Gu.

Her gaze was flickering with light, as she changed the topic: “Look, Ju Kai Bei is here.”

At the entrance of the auction house, a strong and muscular man appeared.

He was at the prime of his life, eight feet tall. His skin was tightly wrapped around his muscles, layers after layers. When he walked, every step was the exact same distance, showing his strict and disciplined nature.

He was like a tower, tall and straight, giving off a sense of pressure to his surroundings. It caused people to move away from him, but also look at him with respect and reverence.

He was Ju Kai Bei.

Rank four Gu Master, the peak of experts in third inner city battle stage!

“Senior Ju, my clan’s young master Shang Ya Zi invites you to the fifth private room.”

“Lord Ju, my clan’s young master Pu Lao is already in fourth private room, and has prepared a banquet.”

“Sir Ju Kai Bei, this is the invitation from my clan’s young master Chao Feng, please accept it.”

…

At once, many servants crowded over, representing their young masters and sent out invitations to Ju Kai Bei.

But Ju Kai Bei snorted coldly, not looking at them, walking to the first row of the hall and sitting down.

The servants looked at each other before helplessly leaving.

Time passed, and after Ju Kai Bei, another important person arrived.

This person was neither fat nor thin, not tall or short, had a common face but his features were strange.

The left of his face was bright red, and the right was pale blue. The two colors split his face into two portions, from the center of his nose, two colors split on both sides.

“He is Shang Bu Li, to think he came.” Wei Yang told Fang Yuan immediately.

“It is him indeed. “Fang Yuan nodded slightly, having a clear picture in his mind.

Shang Bu Li, titled ‘Two faced man’, was the number one general under Shang Yan Fei. He had rank four cultivation, controlling Gu worms of fire and ice.

He was Shang clan’s most important subject, and was a clan elder in Shang clan, in charge of the trading of servants in Shang clan, his authority was higher than that of Wei Yang.

When Shang Bu Li appeared, it attracted many greetings and bootlicking. He had a proud expression, squinting as he walked slowly between the people, enjoying the feeling of being praised to the heaven.

His authority was greater than the ten young masters.

The young masters can only control some of Shang clan’s businesses, but as the number one subject of Shang clan, Shang Bu Li controlled the entire slave trade market in Shang clan.

“Shang Bu Li, can you walk faster, dragging your steps like this, are you a man?” At this time, an unhappy tone complained.

With Shang Bu Li’s position, in Shang clan city, he was second only to the clan leader, who dared to be so rude to him?

Shang Bu Li heard this, and his heart shuddered, shrinking his head as he turned around, bowing to the person speaking: “Lord Doctor Su Shou, Bu Li pays respect to you.”

The person who came was Doctor Su Shou.

She was one of the four great doctors of southern border, and had rank five cultivation, she had once treated Fang Yuan’s injuries.

She still wore a white shirt, and her face was covered in a white veil, preventing others from seeing her appearance, but her body curves could not be hidden.

Shang Bu Li did not dare to look at her body, shifting his gaze to the floor beside her feet.

Doctor Su Shou and clan leader Shang Yan Fei had a complicated relationship, she had a high position in Shang clan. As Shang Yan Fei’s ‘rumored lover’, even if Shang Bu Li had a million guts, he would not dare to disrespect her.

“Just don’t block my path.” Doctor Su Shou snorted coldly, bringing her eight white shirt servants and walking past Shang Bu Li, entering a private room and vanishing from everyone’s sight.

Shang Bu Li rubbed his nose, laughing bitterly, there was nothing he could do in front of Doctor Su Shou.

Not long after, many people appeared again.

Yan Tu who shared the same fame as Ju Kai Bei, Shang Yan Fei’s fifth general Yi Huo, Yi Bu Hui elder from Yi clan, Fei Luan Feng elder from Fei clan, and others.

“This auction is a gathering of experts. There are established Gu Masters, new generation rising stars, lone warriors, and leaders of large clans. Among them, I wonder how many will become my obstacle?” Fang Yuan thought.

“Sorry for the long wait everyone, the auction officially starts now!” The hosting female Gu master had a young beautiful appearance as she stood on the stage using the sound amplify Gu.

She knew everyone was impatient, thus she spoke quickly, and started introducing the first item.

Frost arrow Gu.

Rank four Gu, shaped like a drain fly, its body was blue like ice, and its mouth was long and needle-like.

This kind of ice type Gu was a treasure in Ju clan village. It was like Gu Yue clan who collected many types of moon type Gu.

“Once the frost arrow Gu is activated, frost energy gathers and it shoots out an arrow of ice to quickly assault the enemy. As everyone knows, its greatest advantage is low primeval essence consumption, even a rank three Gu Master can use it. The base price is seventy thousand primeval stones!” The female Gu Master quickly introduced.

“Seventy-five thousand.”

“Eighty thousand!”

“Eighty-five thousand!”

…

The bids continued to rise, until ninety thousand, and the speed decreased drastically. Gu Masters’ bids increased by three thousand, compared to five thousand at the start.

After the hundred thousand benchmark, the three thousand increment shrunk to one thousand.

“A hundred and ten thousand. ” Bai Ning Bing said.

“The esteemed guest from ninth private room bid a hundred and ten thousand!” The hosting Gu Master raised her pitch, this was the first time a guest from a private room had bid.

“A hundred and twenty thousand.” Shang Ya Zi’s voice came out of fifth private room.

Bai Ning Bing squinted, calling: “A hundred and thirty thousand.”

Shang Ya Zi quickly followed: “A hundred and forty thousand.”

Bai Ning Bing gave Fang Yuan a glance, saying: “A hundred and fifty thousand.”

Fang Yuan shrugged.

This bid was obviously Shang Ya Zi finding problems with them. Bai Ning Bing was in the same room as Fang Yuan, thus she was targeted by Shang Ya Zi, she was really under fire for no reason.

“A hundred and fifty thousand for a frost arrow Gu… hmph, I want you guys to suffer!” In fifth private room, Shang Ya Zi laughed sinisterly, not bidding anymore.

Although Bai Ning Bing bought the frost arrow Gu, she paid forty thousand extra.

“It seems Shang Ya Zi is here with a vengeance.” Wei Yang sighed.

Shang Xin Ci also frowned, feeling worried for Fang Yuan.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 307: Auction (3) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Take a look everyone, this is a thousand year wind willow.” The female Gu Master pointed at the item on the stage and introduced.

“Wind willow is a rare type of plant that is used in refinement as material. It only grows in a location where there is sufficient wind energy to sustain its growth. Because Ju Feng mountain has winds all year round, they can produce large amounts of wind willows.”

“An ordinary wind willow is only a few decades old, or a few centuries. But the current auction item, it is a thousand years old, able to be used in rank five Gu refinement! The base bid is fifty thousand primeval stones, the auction starts now.”

Once she said so, people started bidding.

“Fifty-five thousand!”

“Fifty-eight thousand.”

“Sixty-five thousand.”

“Seventy thousand.”

The bids went up, as many people participated, most of them were professional refinement Gu masters.

A thousand year wind willow is rarely seen, even Ju clan who had lived on Ju Feng mountain for hundreds of years, had only eighteen remaining.

Wind willow did not have tree branches, there is only the roots underground, and one stem.

When the winds blow, this sole stem would sway with the winds, like seaweed underwater.

The thousand year wind willow on the stage had been coiled up, but its length definitely exceeded a hundred meters.

Fang Yuan tried to intervene and bid, but that Shang Ya Zi immediately raised the bid by five thousand.

Eventually, a refinement master obtained the wind willow, spending almost a hundred thousand.

“The thousand year wind willow is the eighth item, during this period, whenever I bid for something, Shang Ya Zi would interfere. If I do nothing, he would remain silent too. It seems his sole purpose here today is to oppose me.” Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, gaining a deeper understanding of Shang Ya Zi’s narrow-mindedness.

Time continued to pass.

Ninth item, tenth item…

“What is displayed next is the twelfth item. This is a chasing wind Gu, rank four movement Gu, it allows the Gu Master to have the speed to chase after winds. Base bid is a hundred and eighty thousand.” The female Gu Master’s delicate voice reverberated in the entire auction house.

“A hundred and ninety thousand.”

“Two hundred thousand!”

“Two hundred and twenty thousand!”

“Two hundred and fifty thousand!”

…

Chasing wind Gu was a popular auction item, once it appeared, the first climax of the auction house appeared.

Many people participated and bid, even the quiet private rooms started to bid for the item.

Wind, light, lightning, cloud, these four types of Gu were outstanding movement Gu worms. Chasing wind Gu was a rank four Gu, it gave a great boost to the Gu Master’s speed.

Fang Yuan tried to bid, but Shang Ya Zi immediately followed after.

Fang Yuan no longer said anything, as their bids were buried under the other people’s voices.

At times, new competitors entered the bidding, but more people gave up after seeing the absurd prices.

When the chasing wind Gu’s price rose to three hundred and fifty thousand, only two Gu Masters were left competing.

One was Yi clan elder Yi Bu Hui, the other was Fei clan elder Fei Luan Feng.

Yi clan and Fei clan did not have a good relationship, the two competed as sparks arose.

Eventually, the chasing wind Gu was bought by elder Yi Bu Hui using four hundred and forty thousand.

Although Fang Yuan had over two million primeval stones, he did not participate.

Chasing wind Gu contained the Dao mark of wind, if he used it, his beast phantoms would cause a huge disturbance to the Gu, causing the effect to weaken. Thus, chasing wind Gu was not a good choice for Fang Yuan.

“If this was the rank four fairy wind Gu, I would buy it, too bad this was merely a chasing wind Gu.”

Fang Yuan had a recipe, he could use fairy wind Gu, seven shining stars Gu and a few other materials to refine the fixed star Gu, which was the main ingredient in refining fixed immortal travel Gu.

Dream Travel, Carefree Travel, Fixed Immortal Travel, Liquor God Travel, these were the four great movement Gu.

All of them were rank six Gu.

Dream travel could allow Gu Masters to enter other people’s dreams. Carefree travel was best at dodging attacks. Fixed immortal travel could allow a Gu Master to teleport themselves to anywhere they want to go. Liquor god travel was the most special, and first appeared in >, but that story is for later.

Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, thus he had the carefree travel Gu and fixed immortal travel Gu’s recipes. Among them, the fixed immortal travel Gu was most needed by Fang Yuan, but the success rate of refinement was extremely low, and he did not have enough materials for it either, thus he could only set it aside for now.

“Alright, for our thirteenth item, it is a… bitter strength Gu!”

The female Gu master introduced on the stage, but even without her explanation, many Gu Masters’ eyes were shining brightly.

“I have to obtain this bitter strength Gu no matter what, no one can stop me, two hundred thousand primeval stones!” Before the female Gu Master gave the base bid, Fang Yuan quickly shouted.

Fang Yuan’s words made Ju Kai Bei unhappy: “Youngsters are so anxious, I bid two hundred and fifty thousand.”

“Three hundred thousand.” Shang Bi Xi also bid quickly.

“Five hundred thousand!” Fang Yuan reported a frightening price.

The entire auction house went wild.

“That voice, I think it is Gu Yue Fang Zheng!”

“He sure is rich, bidding five hundred thousand just for a bitter strength Gu.”

“He had won so many times on the battle stage, he is affluent and loaded.”

People sighed, while some strength path Gu Masters had a bitter expression, they held some expectations towards the bitter strength Gu, and wanted to try bidding, but with Fang Yuan’s bid, they were kicked out of the race before even beginning.

Even the female Gu Master on the stage was shocked.

Bitter strength Gu was rank four, but strength path Gu worms had little requirements towards the Gu Master in terms of primeval essence, rank three could barely activate them. Its market price was around three hundred and eighty thousand, lower than the chasing wind Gu.

To think that Fang Yuan bid five hundred thousand immediately, a hundred and twenty thousand above the market value.

“Youngsters these days sure have vigor.” Ju Kai Bei sighed, no longer competing. Half a million primeval stones was enough for him to buy a few other useful Gu worms.

“Eighth brother, ninth brother…”Shang Bi Xi looked at the two young masters hesitantly.

Ninth brother Shang Suan Ni did not say anything, only looking at Shang Pu Lao.

“Tenth brother, this depends on you. If you want to compete for it, we as brothers will support you all the way.” Shang Pu Lao smiled and encouraged.

Shang Bi Xi gritted his teeth: “Five hundred thousand… it’s too much of a loss. Nevermind, let Fang Zheng take it.”

He also gave up.

Fang Yuan’s determined display removed two competitors for him.

“Five hundred thousand, going once.”

“Five hundred thousand, going twice.”

“Five hundred thousand, going thric…”

“Hold on, I bid five hundred and ten thousand.” Right before the female Gu Master slammed the hammer, Shang Ya Zi said slowly in his private room.

“Hmph, Shang Ya Zi, you think you can stop me? Six hundred thousand.” Fang Yuan immediately followed, speaking with strong disdain.

Shang Ya Zi laughed coldly: “I’ll play with you if you want to Fang Zheng. Six hundred and ten.”

The people in the auction house started chattering.

“Fang Zheng and Shang clan young master are at odds!”

“How can this be?”

“Fang Zheng has the purple thorn token, and is an esteemed guest in Shang clan, he has no fear towards Shang Ya Zi’s young master identity. But Shang Ya Zi is in charge of all the shops in Shang clan, and has great wealth. This will be abattle among tigers and dragons !”

…

“Seven hundred thousand!” Fang Yuan shouted: “Shang Ya Zi, you lost to me previously, you are a loser. It seems you have not been punished enough.”

Shang Ya Zi retorted: “Complete bullshit, we’ll see who teaches who a lesson! Seven hundred and ten!!”

Once he said that, the crowd went wild.

Shang Ya Zi and Fang Yuan’s dispute was no secret to Shang clan city’s higher ups. But to ordinary Gu Masters, it was news to them.

At once, people started guessing why Shang Ya Zi has a grudge against Fang Yuan.

“Evidently, Shang Ya Zi lost in a fight to Fang Zheng before, and wants to take revenge.”

“Why bother with the reasoning. Young master Ya Zi is well known for his pettiness, even if a bystander knocks into him, he will take revenge. Fang Zheng is a lawless brute, it is no wonder that they would have conflicts.”

“You are both wrong, I heard already, Shang Ya Zi and Fang Zheng went to Qin Yan brothel before, and were interested in the number one lady there. But eventually Fang Zheng got her, and that led to Shang Ya Zi’s animosity.”

“Real or fake?” Someone expressed doubt.

The person who spoke earlier, showed a fearless expression, pointing at a seat: “Look there, that is lady An Yu, you don’t have to doubt me, just ask her.”

Thus, everyone sent a curious gaze towards her.

Lady An Yu was stunned too, not expecting herself to get involved, but she suddenly saw among the people, her pimp was winking at her.

She immediately understood, this was a way to get famous. For a brothel prostitute like her, only such news would be able to raise her worth.

She did not answer, but lowered her head, blushing. Once she did that, most of the suspicious people believed it.

“So that’s what happened.”

“Looking at Lady An Yu’s expression, the answer is clear!”

“You guys do not know the true story, but I do. In history, beauties are always paired with heroes, why do you think Lady An Yu likes Fang Zheng?”

“Why?”

“Hehe… because Shang Ya Zi is thin and weak, he has a ‘weak’ lower body. But Fang Zheng is strong and energetic, every one of his ‘strikes’ carries the all-out effort Gu’s vigor. The impact of the wild boar, the slamming of the brown bear, the twisting of the crocodile tail, the force of the horse, the stamina of the green bull, and the endurance of the stone turtle… Hehe, such a man, which lady would not like him?”

“Ohhh!” Immediately, many men understood.

Some girls squeezed their thighs together, their faces blushing as they were deep in their imaginations.

Lady An Yu’s head was lowered even further, thinking happily in her heart: “I’m on fire, I’m going to be famous!”

Just as the auction house was filled with rumors and guesses, Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi’s competition had reached eight hundred and ten thousand.

“Fang Zheng, with me here today, you are bound to lose. Give up, you are not my match.” Shang Ya Zi laughed happily, he added ten thousand every single time to piss off Fang Yuan.

“You think I am afraid of you! It is merely eight hundred and ten thousand, so what.” Fang Yuan snorted coldly.

“Young master, this is enough, we should stop now.” A servant carefully observed and advised.

Shang Ya Zi hesitated: “I know. Fang Zheng is adamant on getting the bitter strength Gu! After he bids, I am going to bid once more, and stop. This idiot, spending more than eight hundred thousand to buy a bitter strength Gu, it is almost twice the market price. I can finally vent this anger, it feels so good. Hahaha!”

At this time, Fang Yuan continued.

“But this time, I shall let you off. You can have the bitter strength Gu.”

Servant: “…”

Shang Ya Zi: “…”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 308: Auction (4) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Haha, I’m afraid Shang Ya Zi’s face is green now.” In the ninth private room, Wei Yang laughed uncontrollably: “But brother Fang Zheng, is it really okay for you to not get the bitter strength Gu?”

Beside him, Shang Xin Ci gave Fang Yuan a look of concern.

Fang Yuan laughed: “I must get the bitter strength Gu no matter what, but I am not idiot, spending eight hundred and ten thousand primeval stones on a Gu. I would rather refine it myself, eight hundred and ten thousand… it is enough for many tries.”

“The chances of failure is very high, it will harm your body brother Hei Tu.” Shang Xin Ci expressed her worry.

Fang Yuan shook his head slowly, he had others plans for this, but he could not tell them.

“Heh! This Fang Zheng played Shang Ya Zi like a fool. He spent eight hundred and ten thousand on a bitter strength Gu.” The spectators watched with shining eyes.

“Shang Ya Zi, that idiot, this is a disgrace to all of us young masters!” The Shang clan young masters were furious.

“To say the truth, Fang Zheng’s acting was superb, even I was fooled by him.” Someone sighed.

” The person on the spot is baffled, the onlooker sees clearly. I knew something was amiss long ago.” Someone claimed that he knew.

“Shang Ya Zi is so petty and enjoys revenge, thus he kept raising his bid. But Fang Zheng also failed to get the Gu he wanted, thus they were both losers. This is why you cannot bring feuds into the auction house.” Ju Kai Bei thought in his heart.

“The real winner is the auction house.”

“Ju clan must be overjoyed, one bitter strength Gu for eight hundred and ten thousand!”

Everyone discussed among each other.

But the truth is, they forgot one big winner.

That is, Lady An Yu who shot to fame.

Clink.

Shang Ya Zi smashed his cup on the ground, breaking it.

In fifth private room, the servants knelt on the ground, breathing as silently as they could.

Shang Ya Zi sat on his seat, breathing roughly as veins popped up on his forehead, his face flushing with rage.

He was tricked!

Eight hundred and ten thousand, spent on a bitter strength Gu he could not even use.

Shang Ya Zi felt his own heart bleeding!

The truth is, he was smart, after that setback, he learnt his lesson and became wiser. For the last two years, he worked hard and managed the shops very well.

But character decides your fate.

He was petty and spiteful, hatred made him lose his rationality, thus falling for Fang Yuan’s trap.

“Fang Zheng, Fang Zheng, if not for the poison vow Gu, I will definitely kill you, I will chop you into a million pieces!!!” Shang Ya Zi screamed in his heart.

The auction continued.

Fourteenth item, fifteenth, sixteenth… eighteenth… twenty-eighth…

Another climax occurred, as the atmosphere livened up, and people quickly forgot Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi’s conflict.

“The thirty-second item — rank four atmosphere Gu.” The female Gu Master said.

Atmosphere Gu was shaped like a butterfly, having a pair of blue wings, each time it fluttered, there would be sparkling dust created in the air, it was a very attractive sight.

Atmosphere Gu was a unique Gu, it absorbed life energy and was born from the wind, it was a natural Gu. Up till now, no recipe master had been able to develop their recipe.

There were three types of recipe masters. Those that looked at the past, studying the ancient strength path, qi path and other Gu worms recipes, attempting to restore them. Some looked at the present, studying naturally formed Gu, attempting to produce their refinement recipe. And those who looked at the future, creating new and innovative refinement recipes from afresh.

Atmosphere Gu was not only created in a unique way, its use was also unique.

It could be used on a race or group, using an invisible force to create a habit or hobby that affected the entire group.

In ancient times, Gu Masters used it to deal with beast groups. If they were dealing with a group of steel needle boars, the Gu Master would use the atmosphere Gu and target them, giving them the habit of rubbing their skin on rocks.

The steel needle boar’s fur were like steel needles, it was offense and defense in one. After rubbing on the rocks, they would get damaged, and the Gu Masters would be able to deal with them easily.

But later, Gu Masters eventually realized that the atmosphere Gu was the perfect weapon in ruling tribes or clans.

Some clans lacked food, but loved to brew wine. After using the atmosphere Gu, they removed the habit of brewing wine, and they had more food to eat, allowing the clan to develop better.

The atmosphere Gu could not only be used to deal with internal habits, but also external.

In history, there was a very famous example.

Two clans were in conflict, the weaker one used the atmosphere Gu and caused the stronger clan’s women to have the interest to bind their foot.

The caused the women in this clan to become unable to carry out laborious tasks. The female Gu Masters also experienced a fall in strength, eventually the weaker clan overthrew and wiped them out.

At the end of the day, this was a Gu world, and there were all sorts of unimaginable Gu worms.

The female Gu Master introduced the Gu before saying: “Atmosphere Gu, base bid is two hundred and sixty thousand primeval stones.”

“Three hundred thousand.” Yi clan elder Yi Bu Hui bid first.

“Three hundred and fifty thousand.” Fei clan elder Yan Luan Feng was equally tough.

“Three hundred and seventy thousand.” A recipe master shouted.

“Three hundred and eighty thousand.” Wei Yang spoke, he was in charge of Feng Yu Manor, he wanted to use this atmosphere Gu to make his subordinates work better.

“Five hundred thousand!” Fang Yuan shouted.

The crowd was silent.

Fang Yuan was silent for a while, but this voice made everyone recall, it was the person who tricked Shang Ya Zi previously.

“Five hundred thousand for an atmosphere Gu? Fang Zheng, you still want to con me? Do I look like an idiot!” Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, his eyes burning with rage.

He had just spent eight hundred and ten thousand primeval stones, if he spends another five hundred thousand, he would go bankrupt.

“Five hundred thousand, going once… twice… thrice… sold!” The female Gu Master announced.

Five hundred thousand was slightly above everyone’s budget, no one bid anymore.

The atmosphere Gu was effective on a clan or force, but had little use towards individuals, it made many people feel indifferent towards it.

“Brother Fang Zheng, you could’ve gotten this Gu for four hundred and sixty thousand.” Wei Yang sighed.

Shang Xin Ci had a different interpretation: “No, considering Yi clan and Fei clan, those two elders might compete and raise the prices above this. Bidding five hundred thousand made both of them reluctant to bid, it was a good call.”

“Four hundred and sixty thousand… five hundred thousand… it is only forty thousand more. Brother Wei, I will keep this Gu then.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, not bothered by it.

“Why, don’t tell me you want to rebuild Gu Yue village?” Wei Yang was shocked, not expecting Fang Yuan to be interested in the Gu.

Earlier, he thought Fang Yuan was bidding for his sake.

“Of course I need this Gu, but the reason will have to kept secret for a while longer.” Fang Yuan smiled, but did not elaborate.

“Hmph, acting secretive.” Bai Ning Bing hated this side of Fang Yuan, she knew he was scheming again and kept her guard up.

After the atmosphere Gu, it was a set of eating wind Gu.

Thirty-eight eating wind Gu, grouped into one set and auctioned together.

Eating wind Gu was only rank two, but had a great use, it allowed the Gu Master to consume wind and fill their stomachs.

Ju clan was situated on top of Ju Feng mountain, they specialized in wind type Gu. The eating wind Gu was one of their specialties.

Time continued to pass.

Thirty-four… thirty-five… thirty-eight… forty-four…

Fang Yuan did not bid anymore, but Wei Yang tried once and successfully bought a light type Gu, getting what he wanted.

Bai Ning Bing also bid three times, eventually getting a rank three tornado Gu.

Just as Fang Yuan lost all his interest, the final forty-ninth item was displayed.

“This is the greatest treasure we have for this auction. It is not a Gu worm, and is not a precious refinement material, but it is a recipe.” The female Gu Master introduced.

Next she added: “This recipe, because it is extremely precious, it has not been appraised yet.

This sentence made everyone curious.

Normally, precious refinement recipes would have to be appraised carefully. Because, once the recipe is handed to a recipe master to appraise, there is a danger of it leaking.

Recipe, recipe, it is best if less people know about it. A recipe that is known by everyone, is worth less than a blank piece of paper.

The female Gu Master was experienced, thus she did not speak but let everyone digest the information.

Seeing everyone deep in thought, but gathered their gaze on her once again, the female Gu Master smiled, throwing a bomb at them: “This recipe, is regarding the Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus.”

“Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus? Did I hear wrongly!”

“Rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, rank four Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus, rank five Heavenly Essence Treasure King Lotus… This series of Gu worms are too famous, I can easily recite them.”

“This is the Immortal Venerable Genesis Lotus’ core Gu. I heard whoever is able to refine the rank six Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus would be able to receive the Immortal Venerable Genesis Lotus’ inheritance ground!”

“To think Ju clan had such a treasure…”

The people in the auction house were bursting with excitement.

The female Gu Master continued: “Since everyone has an understanding of the heavenly essence treasure lotus, I shall not explain further. This is a recipe involving the refinement of the heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus. The starting bid is five hundred thousand!”

The price of the recipe was much higher than Gu worms.

The recipe of the rank four heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus was even more expensive than the monarch lotus itself.

Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. In theory, with the recipe, you will be able to create many heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus.

“Hold on, I have a question. Does this recipe require the heavenly essence treasure lotus as the refinement material?” Fang Yuan suddenly asked, shouting at the top of his lungs.

The female Gu Master’s expression changed, she did not want to answer, but Fang Yuan was the owner of a purple thorn token.

She had been avoiding this question, but did not expect Fang Yuan’s mind to be so astute, asking the most crucial question.

She had no choice but to confess: “Although in principle, we do not reveal the details of the recipe, but with Shang clan’s integrity, this recipe does indeed need the heavenly essence treasure lotus as the main ingredient.”

Everyone gasped.

“The heavenly essence treasure lotus is needed as the main ingredient, where are we going to find one?”

“No wonder Ju clan did not refine the heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus despite having this recipe.”

“What use does this have? We can’t do anything with it, this is too awkward.”

“That was close, thankfully Fang Zheng asked that question.”

“Mostly importantly, this recipe’s authenticity has not been appraised yet.”

“This recipe was kept as a treasure by Ju clan, it definitely is something good. I will bid five hundred and twenty thousand.” A recipe master bid.

Even so, the recipe regarding the heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus still had great attraction to some Gu Masters.

“Five hundred and fifty thousand.”

“Five hundred and eighty thousand.”

The bids went up, slower and slower, until it stopped at six hundred and sixty thousand.

“Six hundred and seventy thousand.” Wei Yang was the last to bid, as he obtained this recipe eventually.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 309: Xin Ci’s aspiration 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

With Wei Yang’s successful bid of heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus’s recipe, the auction ended.

Ju clan was after all a clan which had stood for centuries; it possessed deep foundations. Many auction participants obtained something from their collection while others were able to experience new perspectives.

“It is rare for everyone to gather together, do not leave now, let me host a feast.” Fang Yuan urged everyone to stay.

In a restaurant, there were all kinds of delicacies, fine food and liquor, placed on jade plates.

“Brother Fang Zheng, this is the recipe you wanted.” After three cups of wine, Wei Yang took out a heart engraved Gu and gave to Fang Yuan.

Heart engraved Gu was like a ladybug and was finger sized. Its whole body was scarlet red, and on its round carapace were four white heart shaped spots.

Heart engraved Gu was a storage type Gu.

It was almost the same as bookworm; they were used to store information.

Heart engraved Gu was a series of Gu that could range from rank one to rank five. A rank one heart engraved Gu only had one white heart shaped spot on its carapace, while rank two had two and so on.

This heart engraved Gu Wei Yang took out had four spots which meant it was rank four.

But, using a rank four heart engraved Gu to store the recipe of heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus was also normal.

Fang Yuan had spent six hundred and seventy thousand primeval stones for this recipe. He had made Wei Yang bid to avoid suspicions.

Seeing this heart engraved Gu, Fang Yuan did not accept it but said: “Since Brother Wei Yang had already refined it, it will be better for you to use it now so that I do not have to refine it again.”

“That works too.” Wei Yang nodded his head and poured his primeval essence.

The heart engraved Gu turned into a thin flow of pink light with a soft crackling sound. Under Wei Yang’s control, the light flow entered Fang Yuan’s heart and disappeared instantly.

Immediately, a recipe appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind containing the method to refine heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus.

The main Gu worm for the fusion, all the supplementary materials, every step and every matter that needed attention was mentioned in it.

The contents could not be forgotten even if Fang Yuan wanted to forget them as if they were deeply imprinted into his heart. This was the ability of heart engraved Gu; granting a deep memory like it was etched into one’s bones and heart.

A feeling of happiness emerged in Fang Yuan’s heart: “I have heavenly essence treasure lotus but it is only rank three. It is still worth using now, but when I reach rank four, its use will immediately dwindle. Now that I have this recipe, if I can refine heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus in the future, it will no doubt be a great help to me.”

Fang Yuan did not know heavenly essence treasure lotus’ recipe. Obtaining this recipe was an unexpected joy.

Although this recipe had yet to be appraised, with Fang Yuan’s plentiful experiences, he was able to give an initial judgement that the probability of this recipe being fake was very small. Otherwise, Shang clan would not have put it in the auction.

“But I still need some Gu to deduce it further and prevent any traps or errors.”

“Now that I have bought this recipe, I am afraid some people have some thoughts about it. There will definitely be many people guessing if I have a heavenly essence treasure lotus.”

“However, heavenly essence treasure lotus might be rare and precious, but it is not one of a kind and troublesome like the blood skull Gu. Otherwise, I would not be able to brazenly buy this recipe. Now, my Gu set assembly is nearing completion and with my cultivation breakthrough, I have fewer worries and there are not many problems in buying this recipe.”

If it was before, Fang Yuan would not have bought this recipe so openly.

But now, he was only half a step away from rank three upper stage which he could reach in a few days.

After that, he would use white silver relic Gu and reach rank three peak stage!

His strength was completely different from when he first came, with the purple thorn token protecting him, plus most people were only guessing, the consequences were something he could accept.

“Calculating the time, Fang Zheng had already been in Shang clan city for over two years. His rapid development was really shocking. Heavenly essence treasure lotus…” Wei Yang thought while drinking wine, but did not speak out.

“Could it be Big Brother Hei Tu has heavenly essence treasure lotus?” Shang Xin Ci also inwardly guessed but did not ask.

On her first day of cultivation, Shang Yan Fei told her about the many taboos of Gu Masters. One of the taboos was to not casually inquire about the Gu worms other Gu Masters possessed.

To Gu Masters, their Gu were their butter and bread. It was their private matter, their secret and their trump card.

Once their Gu worms were exposed, it was very easy for others to target them.

Thus, among Gu Masters, it was a great taboo to ask what Gu worms the other held.

“Fang Yuan has heavenly essence treasure lotus, so he bought the recipe. This is understandable. But why did he give up bitter strength Gu to buy atmosphere Gu?”

Bai Ning Bing was sitting without speaking. She thought for a while but she could not see through Fang Yuan’s move.

“Sigh, it would have been good if I was able to become a young master. Shang clan young master has an opportunity to apply for three Gu worms every year from the clan and the clan will search for the Gu without any charge.” Shang Xin Ci said with a sigh.

This was a great policy by Shang clan to nurture their young masters. As long as the requests were not absurd, Shang clan would gather its strength to get the Gu the young masters wanted.

If Shang Xin Ci became a young master, it would be as easy as flipping her palm to get a bitter strength Gu by borrowing the whole clan’s strength.

Fang Yuan had been searching for bitter strength Gu since long ago. One finally appeared in the auction, but Shang Ya Zi prevented him from obtaining it. Shang Xin Ci wanted to help Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan patted Shang Xin Ci’s shoulder and smiled: “It does not matter. Who knows, maybe that Shang Ya Zi might hand over the bitter strength Gu to me.”

“Second brother spent eight hundred and ten thousand to buy that bitter strength Gu, he has already become a laughingstock due to it. Wanting him to hand it over of his own accord, I am afraid it would not be possible…” Shang Chi Wen shook her head from the side, thinking Fang Yuan was indulging in fantasy.

“Could it be Big Brother Hei Tu has already thought of a plan?” Shang Xin Ci’s eyes flashed with brilliance.

Wei Yang and others also looked over curiously.

Fang Yuan pointed at Bai Ning Bing, looking confident: “Everything is thanks to Ning Bing.”

“Me?” Bai Ning Bing was stupefied.

“Speak quickly, what clever idea do you have?” Everyone could not help becoming more curious.

“You will find out in two to three days. Please wait till then.” Fang Yuan laughed.

He then looked at Shang Xin Ci with a solemn expression: “Xin Ci, do you really want to become a young master? Becoming a young master means entering the political whirlpool and you will no longer have the freedom to act independently. You are now clearer of Shang clan’s situation than me. The competition between Shang clan young masters is very intense, the struggle is even more bloody. If you want to become a young master, you will fall into this dangerous conflict.”

This was the most crucial of matters; Fang Yuan needed a clear answer.

If Shang Xin Ci did not have such an aspiration, there was no point in helping her.

Under Fang Yuan’s shining gaze, Shang Xin Ci smiled: “Big Brother Hei Tu, even now, do I really have freedom? I am also completely helpless in this.”

“The whole journey to Shang clan city after joining the caravan was filled with untold dangers, I narrowly escaped death many times. I have reflected upon it; the world is an ocean and we are small boats on it. The small boats seem to be drifting freely with the flow, but most of them are helpless. Only with high cultivation and influence, can the small boat turn into a big boat and be able to resist the trials and hardships, to provide a safe area for the ones we care about.”

Shang Xin Ci’s words were ordinary and did not seem to contain any passion, but everyone could feel a heroic emotion from her.

“Great. You have aspiration.” Wei Yang laughed.

Shang Chi Wen also threw an amazed look.

She had interacted with Shang Xin Ci for a fairly long time now but had never expected the latter to conceal such grand aspirations under her gentle appearance.

“My missy is a genius in business, she is more than capable of being a Shang clan young master.” Xiao Die stood behind Shang Xin Ci and interjected proudly.

“Xiao Die…” Shang Xin Ci was embarrassed as she gave Xiao Die a stare.

Xiao Die simply stuck out her tongue.

“Haha, she is right. In that case, both of us will lend you a hand and help you become Shang clan young master.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly as he felt a relief.

It was not strange for Shang Xin Ci to have such an aspiration.

Poor children matured early, Shang Xin Ci’s childhood was not blessed as she was frequently bullied by her clansmen. She became clear of the cruelty of the world even more in the caravan due to her own negligible weak self. No matter how gentle the person was, they would still be greatly affected by such experiences.

However, Shang Xin Ci’s nature was kind, different from Fang and Bai. She wanted to become strong, not only for herself, but more for the happiness of the people around her.

“Hehehe, this year’s young master examination has already passed. Sister Xin Ci will have a chance in the coming year. But, the competition for the young master’s position is very intense. Lord father has a lot of children; while there is only one young master position available every year, the number of competitors can amount to hundreds.” Shang Chi Wen chuckled and gave advice to Shang Xin Ci.

However, she disapproved of this in her heart.

Shang Xin Ci’s cultivation was very low, only at rank one upper stage now. Her aptitude also was not enough, not even having a B grade aptitude, so she did not have potential for development.

Her mother was from Zhang clan which had deep hatred against Shang clan. This was her greatest political disadvantage.

She was alone with no supporters, who would help her?

Her only advantage was that Shang Yan Fei doted on her. For her, Shang Yan Fei paid an enormous price, almost defying heaven, changing her hopeless aptitude into one which could cultivate. This was a treatment that none of his other children received.

However, this advantage was also a disadvantage in some aspect.

Shang Xin Ci was isolated. And even Shang Chi Wen was envious of her inwardly.

All these reasons made Shang Xin Ci unlikely to get the young master position, the chances were extremely slim.

Fang Yuan naturally was clear of these disadvantages. In his previous life, Shang Xin Ci became a young master only after six years. But things have changed, Shang Xin Ci was a lone force in his previous life, but in this life she has Fang Yuan’s help…

“Xin Ci, do not worry. With me helping you, there is no need for next year, I will help you become a young master this year!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly

“Then I will wait and see.” Shang Chi Wen had a smile on her face while inwarding curling her lips in disdain, feeling that the more Fang Yuan spoke, the more unreasonable he became, boasting so wildly.

Wei Yang put down his wine cup: “Brother Fang Zheng, the competition for Shang clan’s young master position is not a small matter. As an elder of the clan, I cannot interfere in this.”

“There is no need for Brother Wei Yang’s help. The plan had already been made two years ago, and it is all thanks to Ning Bing.” Fang Yuan smiled.

“Eh?”

Instantly, the gazes of everyone concentrated on Bai Ning Bing.

Becoming the center of attention, Bai Ning Bing still maintained her indifferent expression, but doubts started rising in her mind and she could not help but curse secretly.

“What does this have to do with me?”

“Ning Bing, Ning Bing, calling my name so affectionately, does he really think our relation is that great!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 310: You shameless scoundrel! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

In the blink of an eye, three to four days passed.

“Bitter strength Gu…” In the study room, Shang Ya Zi held the Gu in his hand, his eyebrows folding into a crease, as he had an overwhelming urge — to crush this Gu worm to death!

But he had to control himself.

This bitter strength Gu cost him eight hundred and ten thousand primeval stones, if he crushed it, his heart will ache.

Every time he looked at this Gu, Shang Ya Zi felt extremely gloomy.

He had an illusion that the bitter strength Gu was soundlessly mocking him, reminding him of his stupidity every single second!

At the auction a few days ago, he was tricked by Fang Yuan in front of everybody.

Right now, he was a laughing stock. Even his surrounding clansmen refused to meet him.

Nevermind if he was an idiot, but he was a Shang clan young master, such a deed brought shame to the entire Shang clan!

As a Shang clan young master, Shang Ya Zi’s every action represented Shang clan and carried its image. His performance at the auction was not only a humiliation to himself, but also dragged the pride and glory of his Shang clansmen through the mud.

As for Shang Yan Fei, he did not say a word regarding this matter.

But this made Shang Ya Zi feel even more uneasy.

“No, I must salvage my reputation. I have to make sure father looks at me in a different light, I must change my clansmen’s impression of me!” Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, deciding in his heart.

“Fang Zheng, you dare to oppose me, and played me like a fool. I will make sure you pay a terrible price!” His eyes shone with a dark sinister glow, flickering as he thought of ways to deal with Fang Yuan.

After this matter, his hatred towards Fang Yuan had reached a tipping point, it was hatred that seeped into his soul.

“Young master, young master, there is trouble!”

At this moment, a loyal servant came over, shouting in front of the study room.

“Why are you so frantic, is this the proper decorum? Get in here!” Shang Ya Zi scolded unhappily.

The room door was pushed open, as the servant kneeled on the floor, his face flushed with terror: “Young master, there is trouble. There’s a rumor going around, it has spread all over Shang clan city. It says that you and Fang Zheng had once competed for Lady An Yu but you lost to him. That resulted in a grudge between you two, thus you went to find trouble with Fang Zheng.”

“Lady An Yu? That Qin Yan brothel’s prostitute? What rubbish is that.” Shang Ya Zi curled his lips, laughing in disdain.

But the servant continued: “They are also saying, you had a secret deal with Fang Zheng in order to pass the yearly assessment, and… and faked the accounts.”

“What?!” Shang Ya Zi heard this and howled, his expression changing. He jumped out of his seat, causing the brush and ink on his table to vibrate and fall.

The servant continued carefully but anxiously: “Young master, the rumor is so elaborate, they even have the transaction time, and the exact amount of the account is circulated. It seems the clan’s internal affairs hall has been alerted, and they are sending Gu Masters here to investigate the matter.”

“Huh?!”

Shang Ya Zi was dumbfounded, as if lightning struck his brain.

At that instant, his face went pale, like blood drained out of his body.

His heart palpitated, his body went soft as he almost fell onto the ground. Holding on to the study table weakly, he propped himself up.

This impact was too quick, too heavy, too sudden!

“I’m finished, completely finished. Once the matter of the fake accounting is exposed, I will lose the position of young master. This violates the clan rules, even mother cannot protect me. There is no point in begging father either! Once I lose this position, there are countless people waiting to devour me.”

As the crisis struck, Shang Ya Zi was extremely frightened, falling into a state of panic.

“How can such news circulate? I was completely careful during the deal, other than Fang Zheng, no other person knew. Impossible, it’s impossible…”

Shang Ya Zi muttered to himself as his expression was in a daze.

He was still too young, without any life-threatening dangers to train him, although he managed the shops for two years, and had good management skills, he only scratched the surface. Once a problem occurs, he becomes shocked and helpless.

…

Nan Qiu garden, the pavilion in the middle of the lake.

Light winds blew, causing small waves to form on the surface of the lake.

The lake was not big, the edges were made of stacked up rockery stones.

On the surface of the lake, there were large lotus leaves, connected together like a chain, the pink-white flowerbud had not opened yet. Gold and orange carps swam in the water, surfacing at times.

The pavilion was made of bricks and had a colorful roof and red pillars, it was obviously meticulously designed.

In the pavilion there was a chessboard, and two youngsters were playing.

One young man wore black clothing, his eyes dark like the abyss. The other was a female wearing white clothing, having silver hair and blue eyes, showing a cold expression.

It was Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing played for a bit, before looking outside at the lake: “This Shang Ya Zi is really stupid, his reaction speed is so slow. I sent out the rumor long ago, why hasn’t he come here yet?”

“No worries, I have instructed the guards to let him in, he will come.” Fang Yuan smiled, showing his confidence of being in control of the situation.

After panicking, Shang Ya Zi would definitely suspect Fang Yuan. Thus, he would come over and investigate the situation, even if he had no suspicions, he would come to convince Fang Yuan to cover up for him, to survive this investigation by Shang clan.

Bai Ning Bing squinted her eyes, sighing: “Fang Yuan, I am really impressed, you actually managed to exploit this ‘loophole’ in the poison vow Gu. You planned this from two years ago, didn’t you? Just waiting and enduring, until the time was ripe to activate this trap.”

Fang Yuan smiled, playing his chess piece as he answered: “Shang Ya Zi is a petty man, he will definitely take revenge. Why would I leave such a threat around? I did not use this earlier because Shang Xin Ci just had arrived in Shang clan and did not have a foundation. Gone with Shang Ya Zi, and in comes Shang Xin Ci, that is beneficial to both of us.”

Bai Ning Bing did not speak anymore, but her eyes were shining with blue light.

In her heart, she felt a chill.

Fang Yuan’s schemes came one after another, closely connected, once a person steps into it, it is like being in quicksand, trapped and helpless. The most shocking part was, he planned this two years ago after predicting this situation. Such foresight, it gave people chills, Shang Ya Zi was courting death by being enemies with him!

“Fang Zheng, where are you? Get out here now!” Shang Ya Zi’s furious screams finally came.

The pavilion on the lake was not concealed at all, after Shang Ya Zi was informed by the doorboy, he quickly found Fang and Bai.

“Fang Zheng, you still have the mood to play chess? Do you know how far the rumors have spread? Tell me, was this all done by you!” Shang Ya Zi came to the pavilion, pointing at Fang Yuan as he shouted furiously.

Fang Yuan turned his body around, speaking plainly: “If this was done by me, would I be alive? Shang Ya Zi, I can’t believe you are getting dumber and dumber. Did you forget that we used the poison vow Gu together?”

Shang Ya Zi snorted, his anger subsiding slightly. Fang Yuan was right, if he was the culprit, he would have been dead already. Now that he was sitting there safe and sound, it meant the rumors were not due to him.

But Fang Yuan’s next sentence sent him into pure rage.

“Although I did not create the rumor, my companion Bai Ning Bing did.”

Shang Ya Zi was stunned, his relaxed face turned bright red, like a meteor entering the atmosphere.

An intense rage grew in his heart.

“It was you, it was done by you! You bitch, I am going to kill you!” He screamed, his eyes red with anger, as he stared at Bai Ning Bing like he was going to devour her. His aura was insane, like a leopard or wolf trying to attack its prey.

“Oh? You want to strike here? Attack me?” Bai Ning Bing slowly stood up, her absolutely stunning face was cold as ice, as her icy tone contained strong disdain: “I am rank three peak stage, I have never lost a single battle in the battle stage, and I possess the purple thorn token, do you really want to fight to the death with me?”

Shang Ya Zi’s facial muscles twitched, as he gritted his teeth, his eyes burning with fire as he stared fiercely at Bai Ning Bing.

He did not attack in the end.

He was rank three upper stage, and lived in an ivory tower all his life, he was not Bai Ning Bing’s match. At the same time, Bai Ning Bing had the purple thorn token, something Shang Yan Fei gave her personally.

“Fang Zheng, you went back on your word, you will die a painful death! How did she know our deal? No wait, you went back on your word, why are you still alive?! Did you find some way to disable the poison vow Gu?” Shang Ya Zi turned to look at Fang Yuan, feeling uncertain.

“No, no.” Fang Yuan shook his head: “The poison vow was — You and I will keep it a secret, and we ‘cannot divulge the information to an unknowing third party’. But before the poison vow Gu was used, I already told Bai Ning Bing this matter. Thus, she was a ‘knowing third party’. The rumor was also not let out by me. It was all Bai Ning Bing’s effort. Thus, I did not violate the poison vow at all.”

Shang Ya Zi opened his mouth wide, showing a dumbstruck expression.

Now that Fang Yuan mentioned it, the vow was indeed like this.

Then why did he not find out this loophole back then?

One, because of his mindset, he did not think Fang Yuan would tell Bai Ning Bing before they even discussed the issue. ‘Cannot divulge the information to an unknowing third party’, just looking at this sentence, there was no problems.

Second was because he was the one who initiated the use of the poison vow Gu, Fang Yuan looked unprepared and caught off guard, but he had actually predicted it long ago and was just trying to numb Shang Ya Zi’s senses.

Third, Shang Ya Zi wanted to remain as a young master, and had no other ways. He was anxious and because the vow reciting was extremely painful, he could not think properly.

But now that he knew, it was already too late…

“Fang Zheng, you shameless scoundrel! You dare to trick me and deceive me like this! You are a despicable scum, so extremely despicable and shameless!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 311: Actually, I am a kind person 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Shang Ya Zi breathed raggedly, the more he scolded Fang Yuan the angrier he got.

“Ah!” He howled, no longer able to suppress his anger, and flipped the stone table.

The chess pieces were sent flying, and the table almost hit Fang Yuan’s leg, but he dodged in time.

Shang Ya Zi took three steps backwards, his head dizzy and two traces of blood flowed down his nose.

“Shang Ya Zi, I’d advise you to calm down. The poison vow states you cannot harm me. Thank me for dodging, if the stone table hit my leg, your injuries would be more severe.” Fang Yuan laughed lightly.

“Ah! Fang Zheng, I will tear you to shred, I want to pull out your tendons, skin you alive and devour every drop of blood and piece of flesh you have!”

Fang Yuan’s smile became wider.

Bai Ning Bing frowned: “Shang Ya Zi, you had better shut up. If not, I’ll throw you out by force! You are a Shang clan young master now, but that does not mean you’ll stay one for long. You are finished now, the internal affairs hall has started investigating, you do not have many days left here.”

Her words were like a bucket of cold water pouring on Shang Ya Zi.

That’s right, he was going to lose his young master position! Saving his position was the crucial thing!

But how could he save it?

Whoever started the trouble should end it, he had to look at the source. He could only ally with Fang Yuan, to announce his innocence and deny any acts of fake accounting.

In fact, his original intent in coming to Nan Qiu garden was to find Fang Yuan to collude with him!

Shang Ya Zi felt a disgusting sickness in his heart as he thought about it.

“These two scoundrels, they are the culprits in causing my situation! I want to eat their flesh and drink their blood, but now I have to beg them to cooperate with me?”

Shang Ya Zi could not accept such an ending, his heart could not take it.

Fang Yuan observed his expression, and saw Shang Ya Zi in turmoil, thus he said: “Shang Ya Zi, I am actually a kind person, I always repay kindness with gratitude and hatred with revenge. If you did not find trouble with me multiple times, caused trouble for me secretly, even going to the extent of snatching the bitter strength Gu from me at the auction, why would I find trouble with you?”

“I admit, the poison vow did contain a loophole. But it has been two years since I came to Shang clan city. Have you seen me use it? If it was not you who went overboard, why would we reach such a state? All of these problems were single-handedly caused by you. I told the guards to let you in because I want you to know — your Shang clan is strong and I cannot afford to offend it, but you are just a young master, I am not afraid of going against you. Leave, I do not wish to make your life harder.”

” Loosening the reins to grasp them better … what beautiful words.” Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan, a cold ridicule showing in her eyes.

But Shang Ya Zi did not leave.

He stood on the spot, motionless like a wooden pole.

His expression was constantly changing, turning pale and green alternatively, sometimes he looked ruthless while at times he frowned in deep thought. In no time his forehead was full of sweat, as he had evidently fallen into great conflict with himself.

Fang Yuan’s words made Shang Ya Zi realize that their relationship had not reached the worst stage yet, there was a chance to salvage the situation.

It also reminded him that the bitter strength Gu was the reason for this.

“To protect my young master position, I have to make sure Fang Zheng cooperates with me. Cooperate…” Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, thinking of the bitter strength Gu.

“Do I really give it to him? I spent eight hundred and ten thousand on this!”

“What would others think of me if I give it to him? They might laugh their socks off!”

“But if I don’t, how can I show my sincerity? How could I salvage our relationship?”

“I am indignant, in the end, I bought the Gu just for his sake! This is the biggest humiliation of my life!”

“Because of Fang Zheng, I spent eight hundred and ten thousand to buy a bitter strength Gu, causing everyone to mock me. Now, I have to hand the Gu over to him, isn’t this just pathetic?”

“No, the bitter strength Gu is not the point, what’s important is protecting my young master position. Without it, I am nothing, I will have nothing…”

In a short period of time, Shang Ya Zi considered his options, thinking until his ear were buzzing.

Fang Yuan knew it was time when he saw that pale face, dazed look, and swaying body.

“Shang Ya Zi, we told you to leave, why are you still here? Forget it, you pitiful soul, I do not want to bully you. Let’s go Bai Ning Bing, I heard Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu are fighting in the battle stage today. If we want to dominate the battle stage, we need to battle them, this is a good opportunity to learn about them.” Fang Yuan sent a signal towards Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing stood up and pretended to leave, just as she took two steps, Shang Ya Zi spoke.

“Please stay here.” His voice was coarse.

As he spoke, he called out the bitter strength Gu, and held it out with shaking arms.

“Fang Zheng, it was my fault earlier. This is the bitter strength Gu as an apology.” As he said this, Shang Ya Zi felt extremely reluctant, but he got used to it as he spoke, and towards the end, Shang Ya Zi felt the huge burden lifted off his shoulders.

“This is the bitter strength Gu?” Bai Ning Bing stopped her steps, taking a glance.

This bitter strength Gu was like a beetle. A small body and large body, it’s body was oval and palm-size. Its body was yellow brown, and had an uneven surface, as lumps grew on its back.

“He handed over the bitter strength Gu as expected, Fang Yuan must be overjoyed now huh?” Bai Ning Bing sighed in her heart, Fang Yuan’s grasp at human behavior was way beyond her level.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly, but said: “Shang Ya Zi, I know what you mean, but do you think I can’t survive without the bitter strength Gu? Although it is hard to refine, if I persevere, I will eventually obtain it. Do you think you can create problems for me when you feel like it, then reconcile when you need to? Fighting when you want to, making peace when you feel like it, is this world such an easy place? I, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, have my own dignity, are you trying to humiliate me?”

“You are mistaken.” Shang Ya Zi quickly explained.

Fang Yuan snorted.

Shang Ya Zi elaborated anxiously: “I, Shang Ya Zi, swear, from today onwards, I will not create problems for you. The two of us can become good alliance mates, fighting among ourselves will only entertain outsiders. Other than the bitter strength Gu, I can make other compensations. Primeval stones, Gu worms, Gu refinement material, I am in charge of the shops, I can give them to you.”

“Is that so…” Fang Yuan’s expression relaxed.

Shang Ya Zi continued urging.

Bai Ning Bing became an outsider, watching this speechlessly.

Shang Ya Zi not only took out the bitter strength Gu, begging Fang Yuan to take it, but also had to compensate other materials.

But she knew that he was just trying to get over this crisis. Shang Ya Zi was a petty man, he would definitely take revenge in the future.

“I’ll keep the bitter strength Gu, I need time to think about it.” Eventually, Fang Yuan did not make a decision.

But this was enough for Shang Ya Zi to rejoice.

He thought that Fang Yuan was too proud and was trying to make use of the situation to ask for more compensation.

“I’ll agree to all of them, in the future, I’ll make sure you die horribly!” Vicious thoughts appeared in Shang Ya Zi’s mind, as he smiled even more sincerely.

“Brother Fang Zheng, I am very sincere. Please do not take too long to consider, the internal affairs hall’s investigation will be held these few days. Without the young master position, I would not be able to compensate you.”

Fang Yuan nodded, no longer talking.

Shang Ya Zi left in a better mood, as Fang Yuan look at him from behind, he said to Bai Ning Bing: “Okay, you can go report the case at the internal affairs hall already.”

Bai Ning Bing nodded, thinking: Tonight, I must go back and reread the vow I made with Fang Yuan, word by word!

…

A few days later.

In the study room, a sigh was echoing.

Shang Yan Fei placed his paperwork down expressionlessly.

The content was sent from internal affairs hall, involving Shang Ya Zi’s fake accounting case.

Such a thing, it was okay to do it secretly. But once exposed, how could the clan tolerate it?

Shang Ya Zi was Shang Yan Fei’s second son, the sigh earlier was a father’s disappointment in his son.

“Revoke his young master status and punish him to join the slave capturing group, he is not to return here for three years.” Shang Yan Fei raised his brush and wrote the punishment for Shang Ya Zi.

He is the Shang clan leader, because of this identity, he had to represent the entire clan. His every action and word had considerable consequence.

“Fang Zheng, Bai Ning Bing…” Shang Yan Fei’s eyes were glowing with a bright light.

After settling Shang Ya Zi’s case, this matter was not over.

Shang Ya Zi was a young master of Shang clan, but was schemed by two young outsiders, this was not respecting Shang clan, and him Shang Yan Fei!

“Hmph, Shang Ya Zi is after all my second son, is my son someone you guys can just toy with?”

Although Fang and Bai had once saved Shang Xin Ci, family was still family, in Shang Yan Fei’s heart, his bloodline was closer.

Thus, he willed.

A bright red paper crane Gu flew out.

“Scheming against my son, as his father, I will have to take revenge for him! This is the punishment for you two, but it is also a test.” Shang Yan Fei muttered.

The paper crane Gu’s speed was extremely fast, entering a secret room.

“The clan leader has sent a letter!”

“Clan leader wants us to forcefully challenge Fang Zheng and Bai Ning Bing?”

In the secret room, there were two people.

One was tall as a tower, the other was thin like a matchstick, both of them looked at this letter and each other wordlessly.

It was the rank four Gu Masters Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu!

Weren’t they at odds?

If outsiders saw them sitting peacefully together, discussing matters, their jaws might drop.

Both of them were rank four initial stage, dominating the battle stage as they competed against each other. They both swore that they will not leave the battle stage unless they defeat the other.

But the truth is, they were Shang Yan Fei’s secret pawn pieces.

Shang clan had rules, any Gu Master who dominates the battle stage, and reach Wei Yang’s level, would be promoted to an external clan elder in Shang clan.

Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were Shang Yan Fei’s way of controlling the battle stage!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 312: Rank Three Peak Stage once again 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Nan Qiu garden, secret room.

The room was covered with darkness, the only source of light was a thin ray of starlight that was flowing like water towards the center of the room.

At the center, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were sitting cross-legged on mats. Bai Ning Bing’s palms were placed on Fang Yuan’s back; she was transferring rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence to Fang Yuan.

It was completely silent in the secret room.

However, in Fang Yuan’s heart, waves continued to surge.

Rumble!

A snow silver waterfall – chilly and majestic – came crashing down into Fang Yuan’s primeval sea from his aperture.

It was the rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence that had gone through bone flesh unity Gu.

Rank three Gu Master’s primeval essence was silver. Initial stage primeval essence only had a thin layer of silver color, thus was called light silver primeval essence. Middle stage had varying amounts of silver color; some a lot and some little, thus was called blossom silver primeval essence.

Upper stage primeval essence was shining silver thus was called bright silver primeval essence.

Peak stage primeval essence was snow white silver, a magnificent sight, and was called snow silver primeval essence.

Right now, Fang Yuan was using snow silver primeval essence as the primary force and blossom silver primeval essence as supplementary; under his control, they formed surging waves and continually cleansed the aperture walls.

The aperture that was originally a water membrane, with light flowing as water, was shaking. After the cleansing process went for a while, the quantitative change accumulated to become a qualitative change; light poured out of the water membrane and just like water freezing into ice, it no longer moved, settling down to form stone membrane.

The stone membrane was radiant and glorious, and was even thicker and more stable than the water membrane.

With the formation of stone membrane, Fang Yuan advanced from rank three middle stage to rank three upper stage.

Building a stable foundation, success will come naturally.

Since the cultivation was finished, Bai Ning Bing slowly withdrew her hands, her blue pupils fluctuating with emotions.

With her help, Fang Yuan’s cultivation had advanced rapidly and was finally catching up with her step-by-step.

She knew Fang Yuan still had a white silver relic Gu on him. He had not used it and was saving it for this moment.

That is to say, after tonight, Fang Yuan’s cultivation would advance to rank three peak stage, at the same level as her.

“This guy is a cunning fox and is extremely treacherous. Although I haven’t found any flaws in the poison vow, that doesn’t mean there are no flaws within the poison vow.” Bai Ning Bing was silent but her thoughts kept on moving rapidly.

Shang Ya Zi’s downfall was a grim reminder.

The mental pressure Fang Yuan was giving her was becoming bigger and bigger, and now she was starting to have some doubts.

“Don’t worry, I am sincere in cooperating with you. There are no problems with the poison vow.” As if he knew what Bai Ning Bing was thinking, Fang Yuan suddenly opened his mouth.

“Hmph.” Having her thoughts exposed, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes revealed a trace of chill and said with cold irony, “I hope so.”

Fang Yuan heaved a sigh, he had already expected Bai Ning Bing’s reaction when he planned against Shang Ya Zi.

Everything had its merits and demerits.

Now, Shang Ya Zi was removed from his position, leaving a young master’s seat vacant and gave an opportunity for Shang Xin Ci to advance. However, this created a crack in Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s collaboration.

At the same time, it also forced Shang Yan Fei to make his move.

Just yesterday, Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu had issued forced challenge towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing at the same time.

Once the news spread, it immediately caused a huge commotion in the battle stage and attracted countless people’s attention.

Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were both rank four initial stage Gu Masters and were also called ‘half the sky of the battle stage’. With two ‘half skies’ cooperating, they became the entire sky.

These nicknames gave a clear description of their status and strength.

Fang and Bai were the two rising stars of the battle stage. They were dazzling, winning all their matches without a single loss. Such strength was rarely seen in the battle stage even in the past.

Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were the two heroes of battle stage, standing proudly at the summit. These few years, there were many Gu Masters who wanted to stand out and become an external elder of the Shang clan, but they were stopped by these two and lost their hopes of advancing.

But now, these two jointly challenged Fang and Bai, naturally making everyone curious and also doubtful.

Someone said Fang and Bai were advancing too strongly, causing the seniors Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu to feel uneasy and thus they were going to eliminate this problem early. Another said, Ju and Yan made a bet, and were using Fang and Bai to determine victory or defeat.

Almost no one thought Fang and Bai had the chance of winning against these two.

The formidable strength of Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu was already deeply engraved in people’s hearts. Even more importantly; one side was rank four Gu Masters, while the other side was rank three Gu Masters. There was a huge difference between their levels.

As Gu Master advance to higher ranks, the difference between each realm gets bigger and fighting across ranks become extremely difficult.

 ….

From behind, there was the sound of Bai Ning Bing standing up.

“Tomorrow is the match between you and Yan Tu, how are your preparations going, do you need my heavenly essence treasure lotus? According to our vow, I will do my best to help you.” Fang Yuan slowly spoke from the darkness.

“No need.” Bai Ning Bing coldly replied.

Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged, he said without turning around: “You are really confident.”

“So what if he is rank four? In these two years, you are not the only one who improved.” Bai Ning Bing turned around and left.

Heavenly essence treasure lotus was Fang Yuan’s, it would not represent Bai Ning Bing’s true strength.

She wanted to check her progress using the match with Yan Tu.

The door to the secret room opened and closed.

After Bai Ning Bing left, the corner of Fang Yuan’s lips slightly raised into a smile.

“Rejecting heavenly essence treasure lotus… it seems a trace of self-doubt has grown in her heart. This insecurity is very small, maybe she herself might not be aware of it. Bai Ning Bing, you are still too inexperienced…”

Fang Yuan muttered before organizing his cluttered thoughts.

He took out white silver relic Gu.

This Gu was like a round pearl and was white silver in color, with a size of a finger.

Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had seen it once on Qing Mao mountain. It was during the Jia clan’s caravan, the white silver relic Gu was priced at fifty thousand primeval stones, it was an unattainable dream for Fang Yuan at that time.

The series of Relic Gu were extremely expensive. After all, with one use, they could raise a Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm, saving a lot of time and energy. At the same time, they provided a stable foundation and did not have any side-effects.

Gu worms were bought to be used.

Fang Yuan did not have any hesitation in activating white silver relic Gu; immediately, dazzling and magnificent lights shone upon the aperture walls.

About four hours later, Fang Yuan had leaped from rank three upper stage to rank three peak stage.

“Since rebirth, I have once again reached rank three peak stage!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brilliantly and he could not help but clench his fists, his heart surged with emotions and joy.

It was different from the time on Qing Mao mountain, Fang Yuan had used stone aperture Gu at that time and paid a disastrous price of losing his future prospects to advance to rank three peak stage.

This time, Fang Yuan advanced to rank three peak stage while retaining his enormous potential for development. After all, he has A grade aptitude now.

Looking at the Spring Autumn Cicada.

After recuperating for over two years, its condition was recovering at a rapid speed.

Its withered body was gradually becoming glossy. The wings that were dried up like dead leaves, now had a layer of green that was full of life energy.

Its recovery naturally caused great pressure on Fang Yuan’s aperture.

However, compared to the previous time, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was rising rapidly because of Bai Ning Bing and bone flesh unity Gu, his rank three peak stage aperture was still enough to bear this pressure.

The situation had been truly pressing back at Qing Mao mountain, but now Fang Yuan was handling this with ease.

“But I cannot relax yet. Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery gets faster and faster. My cultivation speeds needs to surpass it, otherwise the same situation will happen again.”

Time quietly passed and soon it was the next day.

The audiences were all waiting for the battle between Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu.

There were green grass all over this super-size battle stage.

This was a grass terrain and was very commonly seen at Northern Plains.

A crowd of spectating Gu Masters had formed a circle around the battle stage, all of their gazes landing on the two protagonists on the battle stage.

The match had not started but the people were already commenting.

“Everything is against Bai Ning Bing this time!”

“Facing Lord Yan Tu, she is certain to lose.”

“She is as beautiful as a fairy, it really makes people sympathize with her. Just thinking about her suffering a defeat breaks my heart into pieces…”

In the course of over a year, Bai Ning Bing had earned an impressive reputation, receiving strong publicity. Her appearance and temperament that was like a snow fairy got her a huge amount of attention.

On the stage, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu stood opposite each other.

Yan Tu was an old man and had a head full of unkempt and long hair.

He was thin like a stick and his legs were bare. Whether it was his fingernails or toenails, they had not been cut for a long time and were long and crooked.

He was wearing rags and had a hunched back, like an old beggar on the roadside.

“Hehehe, little girl you have such smooth skin, you are really beautiful.” Yan Tu sized up Bai Ning Bing and said with a hoarse voice.

Wearing a white robe, the blue pupils and silver hair Bai Ning Bing immediately frowned, killing intent filling her heart: “Old geezer, stop your shamelessness.”

“Little girl, you have no manners.” Yan Tu laughed dryly, his ten fingers rubbing each other: “It seems I have to teach you how important it is to respect your seniors.”

“Pointless banter.” Bai Ning Bing had a cool expression, her gaze cold as ice as she stared at Yan Tu, her every movement containing vigorous fighting spirit.

Ding.

The sound of the bell signalled the start of the match.

Icicle Gu!

Fire pellet Gu!

Almost at the same time, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu made their moves.

Four white icicles and three balls of fire pellets shot towards one another.

Bang.

An icicle and a fire pellet collided in midair; the icicle melted, but the fire pellet still flew towards Bai Ning Bing, just that its power had greatly fallen.

Bai Ning Bing’s icicle Gu was only rank two, while Yan Tu’s fire pellet Gu was rank three.

Naturally, fire pellet was a notch above the icicle.

“I can only suppress the fire pellet if I use ice explosion Gu to detonate the icicles. However, my primeval essence will be greatly expended if I do that. This battle had just started…”

Bai Ning Bing’s blue pupils flashed with an eerie light.

She jumped agilely and dodged the fire pellets, causing them to miss their target.

At the same time, she waved her hand.

Whooshh.

Three icicles flew towards Yan Tu.

Yan Tu gave a dry laugh, he took a step forward and twisted his body, dodging the icicles with a weird body posture as he began running at the same time.

His index finger repeatedly pointed and balls of fire pellets formed into a dense attack as they engulfed Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted; not to be outdone, she also repeatedly stomped and struck back with icicles.

For a moment, the two kept on contesting against each other while running around the big grassland. Icicles and fire pellets flew, the two dodged and attacked without stopping.

The match had just begun but its intensity had already surpassed everyone’s expectations.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 313: Bai Ning Bing vs Yan Tu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Time slowly passed, the spectators were gradually moved by the match.

“To think Bai Ning Bing is actually so strong, being able to fight so evenly against Lord Yan Tu.”

“She is using rank two icicle Gu against Yan Tu, but isn’t at a disadvantage.”

“Being able to use Gu worms to attack properly while moving is basic in Gu Master battles, but Bai Ning Bing is executing it perfectly.”

“No doubt, Bai Ning Bing is a genius and her foundation is also extremely sturdy. No wonder, she has not been defeated till now.”

Fang Yuan was among the crowd and was watching the match calmly.

Wei Yang and Shang Xin Ci had also come, and were standing beside him.

The three were in disguise, hiding among the crowd.

“Bai Ning Bing is fighting very forcefully. Even though she is using icicle Gu, once the numbers of icicles go up, her primeval essence consumption will also go up.” Wei Yang was worried.

“There is a difference between the primeval essence of rank three and rank four. But Yan Tu is similarly using fire pellet Gu and his primeval essence is also continuously depleting. He might be rank four but he only has B grade aptitude. Bai Ning Bing is using the primeval essence recovery speed of her A grade aptitude to contend Yan Tu’s rank four cultivation.” Fang Yuan understood Bai Ning Bing’s battle tactic with one glance.

“If that is so, then this will be an uphill battle for Bai Ning Bing.” Shang Xin Ci exclaimed.

Now, she was also a Gu Master. With Shang Yan Fei’s careful teachings, her vision was expanded and she could see through a lot of things.

As the three conversed, the situation on the battle stage suddenly took a turn.

“Little girl, you really like jumping around.” Yan Tu’s lips curled into a smile that did not resemble a smile. He suddenly raised his right hand and grabbed towards Bai Ning Bing from dozens of steps away.

As his right hand made a clawing motion, the imprint of a Gu worm on his palm flashed.

Whoosh!

There was the sound of flames blazing and in a blink of an eye, a giant fiery claw formed and flew towards Bai Ning Bing.

The giant claw only had three fingers, looking like an eagle’s claw, except it was orange-red. Flames were scorching and even before the claw reached her, Bai Ning Bing could already feel the intense heat.

This was a rank three fiery claw Gu!

Bai Ning Bing immediately used her movement Gu to increase her speed and pull apart some distance between them.

She had already inquired about the information on Yan Tu and made preparations. She knew this fiery claw’s attack range was smaller than fire pellets; it could only move several meters away from Yan Tu.

However, Yan Tu cackled and used his movement Gu as well, quickly closing in on Bai Ning Bing.

His movement Gu was rank four and had superior effects compared to Bai Ning Bing’s. Thus, not only was Bai Ning Bing not able to widen their distance, Yan Tu was getting closer instead.

The fiery claw continuously descended on her and made grabbing motions.

It was difficult for Bai Ning Bing to evade the fiery claw as it was quick and stable under Yan Tu’s skilled manipulation.

Bai Ning Bing’s situation was becoming more miserable as she repeatedly rolled on the grassland.

Boom.

The fiery claw brushed past Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder and fell on the grassland, immediately setting that part of the grassland on fire. The flames blazed furiously and started spreading.

Yan Tu willed it and the fiery claw once again rose from within the flames, it was just that it looked less threatening than when it had just been summoned.

However, with a slight decrease in Yan Tu’s primeval sea level, the fiery claw instantly regained its splendor, wiping away all sluggishness.

Frost arrow Gu!

Bai Ning Bing regained her footing and stretched out her little finger; frost arrow Gu was residing in it and had formed a blue tattoo.

A ball of icy blue vapor condensed.

In a blink of an eye, the frost vapor formed into an arrow.

The arrow struck the fiery claw and suppressed its imposing flames.

Frost arrow Gu was a rank four Gu bought by Bai Ning Bing during the auction. It immediately established its dominance once used.

The fiery claw looked like it was about to be extinguished; Yan Tu slightly furrowed his brows, then without considering the expenditure, he poured in primeval essence and the fiery claw showed signs of recovering.

However, how could Bai Ning Bing let him do as he wanted?

Whoosh whoosh whoosh

She activated icicle Gu and at the same time, secretly activated ice explosion Gu.

Bang , the icicles exploded as they struck the fiery claw. The violent explosion completely extinguished the fiery claw.

Fiery claw Gu flew back, Yan Tu did not want to lose it so he immediately took several steps and used his hand to catch the fiery claw Gu as it turned back into an imprint.

Bai Ning Bing did not miss this chance; she formed two long ice blades, dual wielding them as she slashed towards Yan Tu.

Before the blades reached his body, Yan Tu felt the intense killing intent blowing at his face like an icy wind.

“That’s a good blade!” Yan Tu gave a weird smile and then suddenly snorted, two fiery snakes flew out of his nose.

The fiery snakes were initially only the size of a necklace but rapidly expanded, and in the blink of an eye, changed into two large pythons that were several meters long and had the width of a bucket.

A fiery snake moved ahead in front of Bai Ning Bing and blocked Bai Ning Bing’s two blades; while the other fiery snake wriggled around from the side to the back of Bai Ning Bing and started its attacks.

“They appeared, Lord Yan Tu’s twin snake attack!”

“Sigh, I was defeated by this move.”

“Yan Tu’s control over the two snakes is really exquisite; the opponent is left unable to defend against both, they are really difficult to deal with.”

The blazing snakes caused an uproar in the audience.

Bai Ning Bing’s expression was solemn, the fighting intent in her blue pupils gathered into ice. The fiery snakes gave her a tremendous pressure, but this instead stimulated her fighting spirit even further.

Bai Ning Bing wielded her two blades and fought the two fiery snakes while Yan Tu stood outside the range of the battle and manipulated the snakes.

Yan Tu was able to use his mind to do three tasks at once; although he was only controlling two fiery snakes now, the movement was exquisite and the control was precise, this instead caused him to expend more of his mental energy.

Fiery snake Gu was a rank four Gu and under the pincer attack from two rank four Gu, Bai Ning Bing was slowly falling into a disadvantage.

She was finding it more and more difficult to defend against the attacks, after all her movement Gu and defensive Gu were not outstanding.

Bai Ning Bing was an offense type Gu Master and her Gu set placed attack as the main priority, while movement and defense were on the weaker side.

There was nothing she could do about this.

Gu Master’s primeval essence had a limit and was not infinite. Thus, one needed to allocate the use of their primeval essence properly. Bai Ning Bing proportioned most of her primeval essence into the attack aspect while the primeval essence left for movement and defense were relatively lower.

Because of this, the movement Gu and defensive Gu she assembled were the Gu which consumed less primeval essence.

The Gu worms that consumed less primeval essence were naturally slightly less effective. After all, you get what you pay for.

“These two fiery snakes are restricting Bai Ning Bing’s options. Just look, if the fiery snakes gets damaged from Bai Ning Bing’s attacks, Yan Tu will just expend his primeval essence and heal them. It won’t be good if this continues.” Wei Yang stood beside the stage, his brows furrowed.

Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed, he didn’t speak but was looking forward to Bai Ning Bing’s response.

Bai Ning Bing suddenly burst out with attacks.

She used frost breath Gu and frost arrow Gu one after another.

The continuous frost aura slowed and restrained the fiery snakes’ offense.

However, this barrage of attacks sharply increased her primeval essence expenditure.

“Little girl, stop struggling.” Yan Tu laughed and shot out balls of fire pellets.

Some of these fire pellets shot towards Bai Ning Bing, forcing her to dodge and waste her energy. The other pellets shot towards the fiery snakes and fused into them, causing the weakened fiery snakes to become even more vigorous.

This was the combination battle tactic of fire pellet Gu and fiery snake Gu.

Yan Tu had refined and perfected this tactic after having gone through hundreds of battles at the battle stage.

Compared to him, although Bai Ning Bing had the talent, was smart and had high comprehension, the time she had spent was too short and did not have as much accumulated experience as Yan Tu.

Bai Ning Bing wanted to make explosive attacks and defeat the two fiery snakes, but this was seen through by Yan Tu and he immediately struck back, twarting Bai Ning Bing’s attempt and displaying his shrewdness as well as his experience.

“How is she going to deal with this?” Wei Yang’s brows were tightly knitted.

“The situation is not looking good…” Shang Xin Ci also slowly analyzed the match.

Bai Ning Bing’s dark blue pupils flashed with a decisive light.

Ice crystal Gu!

She used her vital Gu, her true trump card!

She had not intended to use it this early, but she could do nothing about it; since the match started, besides the deadlock at the start, Yan Tu was gradually gaining the initiative and suppressing her.

Bai Ning Bing was an attack type Gu Master, if she wanted to take back the initiative, she had to increase her offense even more!

Creak… 

Bai Ning Bing’s whole body emitted creaking sounds like water freezing into ice.

In a blink of an eye, she changed into a humanoid ice crystal. Her body slightly expanded and her silver hair was covered with frost, becoming rigid. Ice crystals spread towards the two ice blades, making them sharper, colder and even more firm.

“Oh, little girl, you’re going all out now?” Yan Tu spoke but soon his smile froze on his face.

Bai Ning Bing’s whole body turned into ice crystals and had no more hesitation as her attack and defense had integrated into one. She directly charged through the fiery snakes’ attacks, heading towards Yan Tu.

To shoot a horseman, first shoot his horse. To catch bandits, first catch their ringleader.

Yan Tu immediately mobilized another fiery snake and blocked Bai Ning Bing.

Frost breath Gu.

Bai Ning Bing breathed out blue frost.

In her ice form, the frost aura that she breathed out was of a higher level.

The fiery snake immediately shrunk from this frost breath aura.

Bai Ning Bing continued to charge towards Yan Tu: “Old man Yan Tu, come fight with me if you have guts!”

Yan Tu turned grave, he did not specialize in close combat. Bai Ning Bing’s might was awe-inspiring, he would definitely be in trouble if he fought with her in close combat.

He might be at rank four and walked the powerful fire path, but Yan Tu’s fighting style was hit-and-run and because of his shrewd nature, he was not incited by Bai Ning Bing’s remarks and started retreating with his movement Gu.

Bai Ning Bing’s heart sank.

Her body had turned into that of ice crystals, so her movement Gu was less effective than before.

She would have to slow down Yan Tu if she wanted to catch up to him.

Thereupon, Bai Ning Bing repeatedly shot out frost arrows; the cold, frosty aura of the frost arrows had the effect of freezing muscles and blood, thus slowing down the target’s movement.

However, Yan Tu easily dodged with his superb technique; none of the frost arrows landed on him.

The frost arrows could not hit Yan Tu, causing the distance between Bai Ning Bing and him to become larger.

Yan Tu laughed coldly, he felt no embarrassment while being chased by a junior.

He made the best judgement.

Ice crystal Gu could not be used frequently; if it was used for longer periods of time, it could cause the user to completely change into ice crystal and become an ice sculpture.

Thus, Bai Ning Bing used vitality Gu at the same time as ice crystal Gu, to maintain her life force.

However, even vitality Gu could only prolong the time the ice crystal Gu could be used.

Yan Tu knew this clearly. Bai Ning Bing had investigated him, he had also investigated Bai Ning Bing. As long as he prolonged this match, victory would be his for certain.

Although such a method did not display even a little of the dominance of fire path Gu Masters, this was no doubt the most optimal tactic.

Bai Ning Bing stopped.

“I am not able to strike this old guy, only that move can change the situation now.”

Her eyes flashed with a trace of hesitation.

“Should I use this move or not?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 314: Victory and Loss (Double chapter) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Ning Bing hesitated for only a second before her blue eyes shone with decisive light.

“Ice blade storm, reappear once more.” Bai Ning Bing sighed softly.

She raised her arms, sharp ice blades acting as an extension of her arms.

Her ice crystal form gave a grim domineering aura. Vitality Gu gave out a warm current and flowed through her heart, liver and other organs, maintaining a part of her life force and preventing Bai Ning Bing from completely turning into ice crystal.

Vitality Gu had another advantage, that is once activated, it turned into a warm current filled with vitality and moved by itself. There was no need consciously control it.

Swirl Gu!

Tornado Gu!

Bai Ning Bing successively used these two Gu.

Swirl Gu was a movement Gu that increased the Gu Master’s turning speed. Now that it was activated, Bai Ning Bing’s whole body started rotating rapidly.

And the activation of tornado Gu immediately created a whirlwind. The whirlwind covered Bai Ning Bing and in a few seconds, enlarged into a tornado.

The dark blue tornado was like a young blue dragon rising into the air.

Ice edge Gu, ice crystal Gu, swirl Gu and tornado Gu; Bai Ning Bing was using her mind to do four tasks at once.

No, it was still not over.

Frost breath Gu!

Bai Ning Bing exhaled and frost aura instantly pervaded her surroundings.

With her mortal flesh body, she could only activate frost breath Gu in intervals to prevent her mouth and tongue from freezing. However, after turning into ice crystal, she could continuously breathe out the frost breath.

The frost aura mixed into the tornado, changing it into an icy tornado.

The wind blew everywhere, grass was sent flying, a light blue icy frost formed on the grassland.

At this moment, Bai Ning Bing was doing five tasks at once!

This was the talent of the ten extreme physique that could look down upon the world. On this aspect, Bai Ning Bing had already surpassed Fang Yuan.

The killer move appeared again, ice blade storm!

Cold wind rose, and the temperature in the surroundings drastically fell. The sharp ice blades gave the tornado even more power.

The two fiery snakes ignorantly charged towards the tornado and suffered severe injuries. The snake heads as well as most of their bodies were cut down by the icy storm.

The fiery snakes hurriedly retreated.

Flames merged into them, as the snake heads and their bodies reformed again. But their bodies were not even half the size of before.

The icy storm was increasing in power, large amounts of frost spread over the grassland.

The parts of the grassland that were burning were already showing signs of extinguishing because of the frost.

Yan Tu’s eyes shrunk at this sight and he recalled the fiery snakes back into his nose.

“What move is this?”

“I have never seen Bai Ning Bing use this move.”

“Killer move, this is absolutely a killer move!”

The audiences were thrown into a commotion as they started discussing loudly.

Even Wei Yang showed an amazed look: “Such an extremely powerful killer move. How many Gu did Bai Ning Bing use for this attack?”

Shang Xin Ci’s gaze were nervous and expectant: “This move is so strong, she might be able to win against Yan Tu.”

Fang Yuan was silent as he concentrated on the match.

He had already seen Bai Ning Bing use ice blade storm before, but the power of the ice blade storm now had jumped to a whole new level.

Bai Ning Bing’s growth was astonishing.

She had exceptional aptitude and talent, combined with her Gu set, she was a unique Gu Master.

Looking at it now, she had not discarded her meticulously designed killer move, ice blade storm, but instead improved it.

“You still had such a trump card left…” Yan Tu was no longer calm, the moment the ice blade storm appeared, he lost a bit of his confidence.

His heart started to palpitate rapidly. He was actually getting such a feeling from a junior, a rank three Gu Master!

Bai Ning Bing’s strength surpassed Yan Tu’s expectations and caused him to feel an intense threat.

Killer move.

Often formed by using several Gu worms at once, through meticulous pairing, an extremely strong move is born.

A killer move was not something all Gu Masters possessed. Only those with plentiful experiences or great talent could develop their killer moves.

Killers moves often consumed a lot of primeval essence and was very taxing on the mind, but their might were no doubt formidable beyond imagination.

“This is not good, this move is getting stronger, I have to suppress it early. If I let it grow and accumulate momentum, it will truly be unstoppable.” Yan Tu was a veteran with great experience and soon saw a weakness.

If it were other Gu Masters, most of them would be scared witless and choose to watch the change quietly. However, Yan Tu was extremely shrewd and saw through this killer move’s weakness.

“It will be difficult to restrain her with ordinary moves, I will just be wasting primeval essence. Since it is so… I shall use my killer move against her killer move!” Yan Tu resolved himself.

Fuel oil Gu!

He opened his mouth wide and spurted out large amounts of fuel oil.

The amber colored fuel oil gave a pungent odor. Yan Tu used all his strength in activating the fuel oil Gu, not daring to have the slightest of reservation.

The fuel oil poured out like a small waterfall onto the grassland and became waves. The fuel oil waves submerged the whole battlefield within seconds.

Ice blade storm was getting bigger and bigger, the cold aura spreading further; the fuel oil’s momentum immediately slowed down as it approached the storm, as large amounts of oil was sent flying.

Ice blade storm had explosive power but the the coldness was not enough to freeze the fuel oil.

At once, fuel oil rained down on the whole battlefield.

Besides the vicinity of the ice blade storm, a thick layer of fuel oil covered all the other areas of the grassland, almost forming a swamp.

Fiery snake Gu.

Yan Tu snorted and the earlier two fiery snakes appeared again.

Twenty percent of yellow gold primeval essence was spent to let the fiery snakes get back to their peak size and power once more.

The fiery snakes landed on the ground and immediately created blazing flames.

The red flames quickly spread, as the whole battle stage instantly changed into a sea of fire.

The flames blazed intensely on the grassland, the green grass wilted and turned into ashes which then further fuelled the growth of the blazing fire.

Only one place remained safe from the fire in the super-size battle stage, and was instead frozen in ice.

That was where Bai Ning Bing’s ice blade storm was at.

She and Yan Tu had changed the grassy terrain into one of ice and fire, the clash of two extremes.

The two fire snakes moved in the sea of fire with joy, circling the rotating ice blade storm and were not in a hurry to attack.

Bai Ning Bing’s ice blade storm was also continuously enlarging and accumulating in power, the top of the tornado had already changed into a dome shaped form due to the constant movement..

Whoosh whoosh whoosh!

The icy tornado created violent sounds and gave a majestic aura; causing the audience to smack their lips in anticipation.

“I’m not done yet, fiery claw Gu!” Yan Tu suddenly shouted.

He had four fiery claws Gu on him, and right now he sent them all out.

His primeval essence took a severe hit, the primeval sea in his aperture rapidly fluctuated as the brilliant golden sea level fell sharply.

The four fiercy claw Gu did not charge towards the ice blade storm, instead they flew towards the fiery snakes and merged.

In an instant, the two fiery snakes grew a pair of claws.

Snakes with claws were no longer snakes but dragons!

The two fiery dragons flew with their heads high in the sea of fire, brandishing their claws and revealing a defiant aggressiveness.

“Lord Yan Tu has combined fiery snake Gu and fiery claw Gu to display a portion of the might of the rank five fiery dragon Gu.”

“To think that in this match, we would get to see Lord Yan Tu’s killer move —fire sea twin dragon kill.”

“Bai Ning Bing is just a newbie, she can be proud of herself, being able to force Yan Tu into using his killer move!”

The audiences were all excited at this scene.

Both sides brought out their killer moves, the battle had suddenly reached the climax.

Killer move vs killer move!

Would the winner be Yan Tu’s fire sea twin dragon kill with its huge and majestic power? Or would it be Bai Ning Bing’s world engulfing ice blade storm that will beat ‘half the sky of the battle stage’?

Everyone fixed their gaze on the battle stage, waiting in anticipation.

The fiery dragons raised their heads and let out a soundless hiss before pouncing forward from two sides.

The fiery dragons struck the icy storm, tearing at it with their fiery claws. Their entire body coiled around the icy storm.

The white and blue ice storm was like a huge pillar, standing straight against the attacks.

The sharp ice blades clashed against the fiery claws and continuously slashed the fiery dragons’ bodies.

After some time, the two fiery dragons could no longer endure it and retreated.

They submerged into the sea of fire and absorbed the flames, immediately recovering their power.

The grassland was burning, this overflowing inferno provided enough replenishment for the fiery dragons!

Yan Tu had fully used this grassland.

The two fiery dragons attacked again and again, and were defeated each time.

After the defeat, they would attack again relentlessly.

“Fire sea twin dragon kill can’t push down Bai Ning Bing?”

“Is the sky collapsing? If this goes on, Bai Ning Bing has hope of winning against Yan Tu!”

The audience were amazed again and again.

“No, ice blade storm has been restrained. The wind flow has been forcefully cut and can’t accumulate more power. Bai Ning Bing should start moving and start kiting her opponent!” Wei Yang’s expression was grave, his specialty in battle was kiting.

Fang Yuan’s brows slightly furrowed, an obscure light flashed in his eyes.

He could tell something was wrong.

With Bai Ning Bing’s wisdom, she definitely knew that she could not resist it head on and should fight while moving. However, she did not do that.

“It seems, this killer move is still imperfect…” Fang Yuan inwardly speculated.

Right now, Bai Ning Bing was powerless to dictate her movement!

This was the first time she’s used the revised ice blade storm in battle, she had planned it well but now she discovered a serious problem.

The ice blade storm lacked a forward momentum, it could only rotate on the spot. This was truly an unspeakable embarrassment.

“I changed into ice crystal form and continuously used frost breath, now the tornado has become too dense and there is no way I can move forward!”

Bai Ning Bing used all her effort to activate her movement Gu to change this situation.

However, she was already doing five tasks at once and this was her limit, her mind was already stretched to its limit and did not have any spare energy left.

Fortunately, Yan Tu had still not discovered this.

He took the initiative to attack to block Bai Ning Bing from accumulating more power, but this instead helped her to cover this fault.

“There is only one method left now, to continue walking down this desperate path. Continue to expand the ice blade storm, maybe the wind flow will become strong enough to move it.”

Bai Ning Bing’s fighting spirit had not disappeared, this predicament instead bolstered it.

However, whether it was her or Yan Tu, both of their primeval essence were sharply decreasing.

The audience had also fallen into silence.

The majestic ice blade storm and the terrifying orange sea of fire divided the battle stage into completely different terrains.

The barrier around the battle stage isolated most of the power, but wind still blew out.

This wind was sometimes hot and sometimes cold, giving the audience a personal experience of the intensity of the battle.

The sea of fire blazed, the two orange fiery dragons shook the ice blade storm. They were defeated again and again, but charged forward each time, advancing without losing their spirits.

“This is the strength of Lord Yan Tu, the power of a rank four Gu Master.” Someone sighed.

“Being able to fight Lord Yan Tu to this extent, Bai Ning Bing can be said to be the third strongest in the battle stage.” Someone commented with a visible shock on his face.

In the battle stage, Yan Tu and Ju Kai Bei had fought dozens of battles, but a clear winner had not been determined. They were the strongest two in the battle stage.

Through this battle, Bai Ning Bing’s battle strength was also recognized by the people and was regarded as third strongest.

Time passed by minutes and seconds, the ice blade storm gradually slowed down, as the wind flow decreased.

Meanwhile, the blazing inferno was also mostly extinguished.

The fuel oil was expended and the green grass had all turned into ashes.

However, the fiery dragons were mighty as before; they not only had the replenishment from the sea of fire, but also the support of Yan Tu’s yellow gold primeval essence.

Bai Ning Bing’s primeval essence gradually became insufficient in supporting her expenditure, at this stage, the gap between the cultivation levels was clearly shown.

If she had the heavenly essence treasure lotus, she could still have the strength to fight on. Unfortunately, she refused Fang Yuan’s good intent.

“It is over.” Yan Tu laughed and with a shift of his mind, the two fiery dragons suddenly merged into one, forming an even larger fiery dragon.

This change made many people involuntarily gasp in surprise.

This move was Yan Tu’s secret move and had never been revealed, but now he no longer cared about secrecy in order to pierce Bai Ning Bing’s ice blade storm.

The fiery dragon opened its mouth, the four fiery claws waved together and ruthlessly clawed at the ice blade storm.

But suddenly, the storm exploded.

Bai Ning Bing furiously activated frost breath Gu and froze all of the fiery claws!

Ice blade storm suddenly inflated and engulfed most of the fiery dragon’s body like a monster!

“What?!” Yan Tu turned pale with fright, he suddenly realized that the weakening earlier was only Bai Ning Bing’s pretense.

He immediately willed the fiery dragon to retreat.

The fiery dragon suffered serious injuries, its might had diminished; it lost two fiery claws and its size also decreased to less than half.

The audiences immediately rose in uproar at this.

“Is Bai Ning Bing going to win?”

“They had been fighting intensely for so long but she actually has energy left?”

Yan Tu’s expression was grave, Bai Ning Bing’s sudden attack inflicted a disastrous damage to him.

In an instant, he had lost a fiery snake Gu and two fiery claw Gu.

The ice blade storm suddenly dispersed completely.

Bai Ning Bing revoked the ice crystal Gu and returned to her original mortal body. She had used up her primeval essence, her aperture was completely dry.

“I admit defeat.” She coldly announced.

There was a temporary silence, but the whole battle stage erupted in an uproar next.

Bai Ning Bing was admitting defeat?

The audience had not expected this.

“She should have exhausted all her primeval essence when she used that final explosion to inflict heavy losses to Yan Tu.” Fang Yuan realized.

Even if I cannot win, I will make you feel worse.

Bai Ning Bing’s choice was sensible and she did it decisively and ruthlessly.

After realizing this, Yan Tu was furious but a formless force pressed down from above and suppressed him.

He could not move.

This was the ability of the battle stage.

The hosting Gu Master walked into the battle stage that had changed beyond recognition and announced the result.

According to the rules, the winner has the right to demand the loser to hand over a Gu.

“I want your ice crystal Gu.” Yan Tu said with hatred.

“Take it.” Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted and handed over the ice crystal Gu.

The two completed the transfer on the spot.

Ice crystal Gu was Bai Ning Bing’s vital Gu, the moment she lost it, blood flowed out from her seven orifices.

Yan Tu’s expression was still unsightly, he had chosen ice crystal Gu to teach Bai Ning Bing a lesson. But even so, his losses were much greater, a rank three ice crystal Gu could not cover his losses.

After this battle, Bai Ning Bing might have lost but it established her fame.

One could say, she had gone down in flying colors.

Shang Xin Ci let out a breath of turbid air and calmed down her mind.

“It is a pity, if Bai Ning Bing had listened to my advice and chose frost demon Gu at that time, the situation would have been much better.” Wei Yang lamented.

Ice crystal Gu was suitable for men while frost demon Gu was suitable for women.

“Bai Ning Bing lost ice crystal Gu, maybe this is a chance for her to choose frost demon Gu.” Wei Yang said with an expectant tone.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 315: Hard Qi Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Did you see that battle? It was really splendid!”

“Bai Ning Bing suffered her first defeat and Yan Tu’s victory was also not easy.”

“My heart ached when I spent twenty primeval stones to watch the battle, but after the match, I feel that it was truly worth it.”

Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu’s battle was like a boulder falling into the lake, the ripples spreading all over Shang clan city.

In every street, people were discussing the match.

” Old ginger is hotter than young ginger , Lord Yan Tu won in the end.”

“But Bai Ning Bing lost gloriously. Fighting to that level, it shows that her future is limitless.”

“It is so unfortunately that I couldn’t see that match.”

“Bai Ning Bing might have lost her vital Gu and suffered a backlash, but ice crystal Gu is easy find, this will not have too big of an influence on her.”

“I am now really looking forward to the match between Fang Zheng and Ju Kai Bei.”

“Right, that is sure to be a battle between dragon and tiger!”

The match between Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei was scheduled seven days later. And because of Bai Ning Bing’s outstanding performance, their match received countless attention.

Bai Ning Bing, however, went missing.

After that match, she did not return to Nan Qiu garden.

“Did something happen to her?” Shang Xin Ci was worried.

“Don’t worry, I understand her. She has a very prideful nature, after suffering such a defeat, she needs some time alone.” Fang Yuan comforted Shang Xin Ci.

Bai Ning Bing might have a female body but her heart was that of a man.

All men were like lions and wolves; when they received injuries, they would look for a secluded place and silently lick their wounds.

Women were different; when they felt wronged, they would want to pour out their grievances. They thirst for protection and comfort.

Shang Xin Ci nodded, her beautiful and gentle eyes looked at Fang Yuan with concern: “Is it possible to not fight? That Ju Kai Bei is as famous as Yan Tu. Big Sister Bai Yun lost and had to give up her ice crystal Gu. Ju Kai Bei is a strength path Gu Master, if Big Brother Hei Tu loses all-out effort Gu…”

Bai Ning Bing lost ice crystal Gu but it could be replenished. However, if Fang Yuan lost all-out effort Gu, he had no way to get another.

Fang Yuan smiled: “Precisely because of that, I cannot lose. Alright, I will be secluded cultivation for a few days to refine a Gu. You should go back first.”

Fang Yuan had already made inquiries on Ju Kai Bei’s strength. After the match of Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu, he was able to make even more conjectures.

Ju Kai Bei was a rank four initial stage Gu Master and was equally matched with Yan Tu. Fang Yuan estimated he only had thirty percent chance of winning against Ju Kai Bei with his current strength.

Thirty percent chance of victory did not look high. But in actuality, if you consider the gap between the two large realms, thirty percent was rather outstanding already.

“If I am successful in refining that Gu, I will have sixty percent chance with its help! I can only hope that the refinement succeeds.”

Fang Yuan entered the secret room and began refining.

 …

First inner city.

In a study room, bright and gentle lights were on.

Shang Yan Fei quietly looked at a ball of colorful smoke floating in the air. The colorful smoke churned and unfolded the scene of the match between Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu.

Shang Yan Fei watched this battle from start to finish and then put away the colorful smoke.

Bai Ning Bing had lost.

She lost her vital Gu and also suffered from backlash.

According the intel from Feng Yu Manor, Bai Ning Bing was recuperating at Doctor Su Shou’s place.

With this, she had received the punishment and a lesson for scheming against his second son.

Shang Yan Fei closed his eyes and leaned against the back of the chair.

Bai Ning Bing lost, she did not pass the test, but her innate gifts and talent were already recognized by the public. Given some time, she was certain to surpass Yan Tu and have great accomplishment.

This was a true genius.

Shang Yan Fei cherished and was fond of talented people.

Seeing Bai Ning Bing’s performance, he had an even greater desire to recruit her for Shang Xin Ci.

“Next, it is Fang Zheng’s turn. I wonder what surprise he will give me. Hmm, I heard he might have a heavenly essence treasure lotus…”

Heavenly essence treasure lotus, there were two of these in Shang clan city’s living treasure door. There was also a heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus as well.

However, they would have to pay an even greater price to take out these treasure lotuses.

Living treasure door guarded the treasures and even Shang Yan Fei, the clan leader, had to comply with the rules set by his ancestors.

“Fang Zheng is a strength path Gu Master, heavenly essence treasure lotus will not be able to show its true worth in his hands. It is better for Xin Ci to have it.”

Shang Yan Fei pondered for a while while sitting upright. After thinking through, he sent out a paper crane secret letter.

The paper crane followed the dark path and flew inside a secret room.

Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu soon felt a reaction and gathered in the secret room.

“Master has sent a secret letter again!” Yan Tu unfolded the secret letter and after glancing at it, he gave it to Ju Kai Bei, “It is for you.”

Ju Kai Bei skimmed through the secret letter and muttered: “Master thinks Fang Yuan might have a heavenly essence treasure lotus. If I win this battle, he wants me to try and request for this grass Gu. Furthermore, even if he doesn’t have it, I am not allowed to choose all-out effort Gu.”

Ju Kai Bei’s brows furrowed after he read this.

He had planned to demand Fang Yuan’s all-out effort Gu. This legendary Gu was extremely attractive to a strength path Gu Master like him.

Unfortunately, Shang Yan Fei sent such a command.

“Master loves talents and wants to protect that Fang Zheng’s growth.” Yan Tu analyzed.

He raised his head and looked at Ju Kai Bei’s frown, and mediated: “Brother Ju, take note of your mental state. We are the hidden elders of Shang clan and must follow clan leader’s commands. Times are different from when we freely roamed the world and did whatever we wanted.”

Ju Kai Bei nodded his head solemnly and said with remembrance: “Those were memorable times. Walking in the world alone, free and unrestrained.”

“Could it be Brother Ju is thinking of becoming a demonic Gu Master again?” Yan Tu’s tone was solemn.

Ju Kai Bei scoffed: “Brother Yan Tu, do you still not know me? It was just a casual remark. Demonic Gu Masters might be free and unrestrained, but the pressure and risks are huge. Their corpse might be found in the wild one day and there wouldn’t even be people to retrieve the corpse.”

Yan Tu’s expression relaxed at this.

Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were once solitary demonic Gu Masters.

They had even made a name for themselves while roaming around southern border and had endured for ten years. However, they were becoming tired as the time passed; demonic Gu Masters lived extremely free lives, but there was a huge pressure on them, they would have to keep on worrying about the food for their Gu, primeval stones, their own safety and other things.

The two were slowly fed up with such a life, but they did not have the courage to change their ways.

Until one day, when these two encountered each other in the wild.

There was an extreme lack of trust between demonic Gu Masters. The moment these two noticed the other, they immediately attacked to ensure they held the initiative.

Who would have imagined these two were evenly matched and fought from day to night. They used their intelligence, traps, and every kind of trick they knew with all their strength.

When dawn arrived, the two did not have strength to continue their battle; their primeval essence were fully expended and their bodies were covered with wounds. They were both within each other’s reach, but they did not have strength to make the final strike and kill the other.

When the morning light shone on their faces, these two both made an identical decision.

“I am tired of this life. Sigh, if I can survive this battle, I will go to Shang clan city and join the righteous path.” Yan Tu softly mumbled.

“I am so sick of it, after this battle, I will go to Shang clan city and fight for that external elder’s position!” Ju Kai Bei fiercely cursed.

They did not know why, but the two spoke at the same time.

After they finished speaking, the two looked at each other.

After a moment of silence, the two laughed heartily at the same time.

This was fate, it was like heaven’s will. On this day, two veteran demonic Gu Masters with not the least bit of trust, gained a best friend for life.

As if they wanted to completely discard their past, they began changing and chose to trust each other.

This trust was a trust without any reservations. The two went from one extremity to another extreme.

“Returning to the topic, Brother Yan Tu, you suffered great losses this time, you ended up in a pathetic state.” Ju Kai Bei mocked while winking.

No outsider would imagine he could make such an expression. Normally, Ju Kai Bei was solemn as iron and was very meticulous. But in reality, this was only a mask he had worn when he was walking the demonic path.

Only in front of Yan Tu, his best friend, did he display his true nature.

Yan Tu coldly snorted, he sighed as his brows relaxed: “This Bai Ning Bing is not simple, one day she will surpass us. I only won by a small margin, if she was rank four, the battle could go either way.”

Ju Kai Bei nodded: “I disguised myself to watch your match. It is indeed the rise of a younger generation.”

Yan Tu patted Ju Kai Bei’s shoulder: “That Fang Zheng is as famous as Bai Ning Bing. They came to Shang clan city together and also lives together, their relation is definitely not normal. They are called the twin stars of the battle stage and some people even call them the black and white demons. Bai Ning Bing already has such strength, Fang Zheng definitely won’t be any weaker. Brother Ju, your strongest moment is also your weakest, you need to be careful.”

Ju Kai Bei proudly smiled: “Brother, guess what this is.”

He took out a Gu from his aperture.

This Gu was like a beetle, it was black as iron and was fist sized.

“Eh, hard qi Gu!” Yan Tu was astonished before joy filled his face, “This is great, Brother Ju. Your defense falls when you use your killer move. This Gu will make up for your weakness. This Gu is precious and rare, you need to raise it carefully.”

Ju Kai Bei nodded and put back the hard qi Gu, he then let out a sigh: “It is such a pity that it is only a hard qi Gu and not strength qi Gu. If it was strength qi Gu, my battle strength would undergo a qualitative transformation and surge by two or three times…”

Yan Tu laughed loudly: “This is just your greed, like a snake trying to swallow an elephant! The ancient qi path has already disappeared, strength qi Gu is extinct. It is your great luck that you could obtain a hard qi Gu, don’t be greedy.”

Ju Kai Bei also laughed: “Yeah, but endless greed is also human nature, hahaha…”

Ancient qi path had appeared earlier than strength path.

Qi path Gu worms could alternate between form and formless, their ability were extremely wondrous. In ancient times, when qi path flourished, eight out of ten Gu Masters would walk the qi path.

However, flowers bloom and wilt, powers rise and fall; this is the natural law and qi path was not exempted from it.

After its peak, qi path gradually declined and was replaced by strength path.

Bai Ning Bing’s vitality Gu, Ju Kai Bei’s hard qi Gu and Fang Yuan’s atmosphere Gu were all related to qi path.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Seven days passed, and the battle stage held the largest battle seen in a long time.

Ju Kai Bei forcefully challenged Fang Yuan, the former was an experienced senior expert, his fame deeply entrenched in the city. The latter was a rising star in the last two years, shining like the night sky, a young expert of the newer generation.

Other than the excitement of this battle, right before this, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu had a battle, it perfectly led up to this climax.

After seven days of circulation, the entire Shang clan city was hyping over this match.

Thus, at the battle stage today, it was packed with people.

The battle stage had also purposely promoted this battle, making it turn into a grand event. The person in charge of the battle stage Shang Chi Wen gained a huge boost to her business revenue and was extremely happy the last few days.

Before the battle started, people already started chatting among themselves.

“Will the more experienced expert Ju Kai Bei win, or will Fang Zheng overcome the odds?” Some people were discussing this, the fight between a veteran and rising star was a popular topic to explore.

“The two of them are strength path Gu Masters, this is the resurrection battle of the strength path!” Many strength path Gu Masters were proud, having strong anticipation towards this battle. In their eyes, this had great meaning for them.

“No matter what, Fang Zheng has to fight with all his strength. Otherwise, his all-out effort Gu will be taken by Ju Kai Bei.”

“Fang Zheng is only rank three middle stage, although he is very adept at fighting, his cultivation is even lower than Bai Ning Bing, not to mention in contrast to Ju Kai Bei.” After tens of battles, Fang Yuan’s strength could not be concealed anymore, most people did not think he could win, because the difference in cultivation was too great.

“Fang Zheng is here!” Someone shouted.

Fang Yuan walked slowly, entering the battle stage with a peaceful look.

This was a super-size battle stage, black stone forest terrain.

Fang Zheng stood at the center of the stage, folding his arms and taking a look at his surroundings.

The black stone pillars, thick and tough, were placed all over the forest terrain.

Outside, people were crowding and completely surrounded the stage. This was the most people Fang Yuan had seen at one battle in his two years of battling.

Fang Yuan knew clearly, Shang Xin Ci and Wei Yang were among the crowd, even Bai Ning Bing was here, but disguised. He even heard Shang Xin Ci say that some Shang clan young masters were here.

This reminded him of his first battle.

Back then, there was barely any spectators, Fang Yuan was still a nobody.

But now, he was already famous, had become someone who gathered attention.

“This is the final battle.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.

Three kings inheritance was starting, considering the time taken to travel, there was no time left.

After winning this, he still had to assist Shang Xin Ci and make her a young master. It was crucial for his future plans.

The day Shang Xin Ci becomes a young master would be the day Fang Yuan leaves Shang clan city.

Regarding Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu’s secret identity, others did not know it but Fang Yuan knew clearly.

As long as one dominates the battle stage, they will become Shang clan external elder.

Fang Yuan had never thought of dominating the battle stage. The identity of Shang clan external elder, it might be the dream of many people.

The sparrow makes a nest in the house, only an eagle can build their nest beside a cliff.

Not just the external clan elder of Shang clan, Fang Yuan does not have any interest even in the Shang clan leader position.

All these roles, although glorious, were chains of fame and wealth.

Pitiful.

Among those that live in the mortal realm, who knows how many people these chains have binded.

Ju Kai Bei arrived on the stage too.

A tower-like body, a steel like expression. He had a large body frame and even denser muscles, it gave people a strong oppressing feeling.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life’s memories, at the great righteous demonic battle of Yi Tian mountain, Ju Kai Bei had a great performance too. He killed many established demonic Gu Masters, and was one of the capable generals of Shang Yan Fei.

In him, the aura of rank four flowed. Before the battle even began, he already exerted mental pressure on Fang Yuan.

In terms of cultivation, Fang Yuan was at a disadvantage. He was rank three peak stage, but used the breath concealment Gu, thus on the surface, he was rank three middle stage.

But even if he has lower cultivation, so what?

Hehehe.

Fang Yuan squinted, his eyes glowing with brilliance. A few days ago, he had successfully refined that Gu, and his chances of winning rose to sixty percent. Even though his opponent was strong, Fang Yuan was confident of winning.

This was not overconfidence nor pride, and certainly not arrogance, but an attitude.

Demonic heart!

Cannot lose, cannot fall, must win, must win at all cost!

Even with less than ten percent chance of winning, even without any chance of winning, he had to have an attitude of absolute victory.

For a demonic Gu Master, once they fail, it leads to disaster. Thus, he has to succeed, winning every time, there is no ‘if’, there is no ‘what if’.

His five hundred years of experience allowed Fang Yuan to develop such a mindset.

Winner takes all, stepping on others’ corpses and climb higher, rising to the apex! Only I can let the world down, whatever justice and integrity, fame, fortune and beauty, hatred and kindness, they will not be an obstacle but merely tools to use.

This was where Fang Yuan differed from Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing had a heart to pursue victory, but Fang Yuan had a heart of absolute victory!

Nothing can stop me, not even demise will subdue my demonic heart.

Ju Kai Bei walked towards Fang Yuan, standing still and maintaining silent.

He did not like to talk.

Similarly, Fang Yuan hated trash talking.

The two look at each other, ignoring the outside noises, one with a firm iron gaze, while the other had dark abyss-like pupils.

Ding!

As the bell rang, the battle began.

All-out effort Gu!

In an instant, light burst from Fang Yuan’s eyes, and he injected his primeval essence, causing a horse phantom to appear behind him.

The horse raised its head as it charged.

With the strength of a horse in him, Fang Yuan activated the vertical crash Gu.

Swoosh!

He charged towards Ju Kai Bei, his speed as fast as a galloping horse!

But when he got to Ju Kai Bei, the horse phantom vanished, and turned into a boar phantom.

The boar had scarlet red eyes, as its tusks stabbed forwards, giving off a fierce aura.

Horse strength made charging faster, while boar strength made the impact of hitting stronger, Fang Yuan was already able to swap his beast phantoms at will now.

Seeing Fang Yuan coming at him, Ju Kai Bei opened his mouth emotionlessly.

His mouth was full of clean white teeth, at this moment, two fangs grew quickly, coming out of his mouth as two elephant tusks appeared.

The tusks bent inwards, its sharp and curved tip stabbing into Ju Kai Bei’s chest.

But there was no blood at his wound, instead, a pure white armor formed at the area of contact.

Like a milky layer of ice, the armor quickly formed on his upper body.

Fang Yuan came over imposingly.

“Good timing.” Ju Kai Bei did not dodge but instead took a step forward, bending his waist a little and taking Fang Yuan’s charge head-on.

Bam.

 A loud crashing sound, and the two’s shoulders collided.

Fang Yuan took five steps back, while Ju Kai Bei was sent flying.

This caused many to scream out in shock.

“How can this be? Ju Kai Bei is not Fang Zheng’s match?”

“The all-out effort Gu is really too powerful.”

“Weird, why does Fang Zheng have rank three peak stage cultivation?!”

Once Fang Yuan attacked, the breath concealment Gu’s effect was overwritten, and his rank three peak stage aura was exposed, as many people noticed quickly.

Ju Kai Bei showed a little surprise in his eyes, but it quickly vanished.

He got up from the ground, not having taken much damage. Only his shoulder armor was cracked and broken.

But quickly, these cracks vanished.

The armor continued to extend, after a while, his arm and waist was covered.

This was the ivory armor Gu’s effect that Ju Kai Bei had been using.

Ivory armor Gu, a rank four Gu with strong defense. But the weakness was, it needed some time to grow, and had no malleability. After the battle ends, the Gu Master has to break it themself.

Fang Yuan moved his shoulder, feeling a little ache.

Earlier, he did not use the golden shield Gu, just the combination of bronze skin, iron bones and steel tendons, made his defense extraordinary.

Strength affects both oneself and foe, there were great requirements in terms of defense for a strength Gu Master.

The attack earlier was just a small test.

“This Ju Kai Bei has great physical strength, since my rebirth, he is the strongest opponent I’ve faced. He is an enemy with great physical strength and defense.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was dark and eerie as he pounced again.

Bam bam bam.

The two exchanged blows, landing their punches every time, as Ju Kai Bei was at a disadvantage.

Fang Yuan naturally did not give him any opportunity to continue growing, as the ivory armor broke many times from Fang Yuan’s iron fist, unable to reach its complete form.

But Ju Kai Bei’s strength was getting stronger, he was suppressed initially, but started being tied with Fang Yuan.

That was not surprising, Fang Yuan knew from Ju Kai Bei’s information that he had a rank four habitual strength Gu.

The all-out effort Gu was extinct long ago, thus to replace it, current strength path Gu Masters created the habitual strength Gu.

The lower rank of the habitual strength Gu is the rank three store strength Gu.

The store strength Gu can store energy, and release it slowly attack after attack. But it needed time to do so, and during that period, the Gu Master cannot move at all, thus it is not commonly used.

But at rank four, after the store strength Gu refines into the habitual strength Gu, this weakness is eliminated.

The habitual strength Gu after activation, would cause Ju Kai Bei’s strength to accumulate over time. At the same time, he is allowed to move freely.

Bam!

Fang Yuan’s fists landed on Ju Kai Bei’s chest, while Ju Kai Bei’s palm chopped on Fang Yuan’s shoulder.

Both of them took six steps back, this time it was a draw.

But Fang Yuan’s fist was numb. In contrast, Ju Kai Bei’s chest was covered by the ivory armor, and there was only some cracks on it.

As time passed, Ju Kai Bei continued to move about, and the ivory armor became thicker, causing Ju Kai Bei’s skin to become monstrously thick.

Ju Kai Bei’s strength was starting to show.

Not only does he have rank four yellow gold primeval essence, he also had rank four Gu worms.

Just the ivory armor could compete with Fang Yuan’s steel tendons, iron bones, and bronze skin combination.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 317: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (1) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Hook, palm strike, elbow jab, kick…

Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei fought head-on, exchanging moves after moves.

Punches and kicks collided, producing intense tremors.

The two moved while striking each other, any stone or tree they struck would collapse with a loud sound.

“Fang Zheng is falling into a disadvantage.” Gradually, the spectators understood the situation.

“To deal with Ju Kai Bei, one needs to take him down as soon as possible and not give him any time.” Someone sighed.

Ju Kai Bei had habitual strength Gu; his strength grew the longer it stayed active.

“Easy for you to say, who can knock him down at the start? He has rank four cultivation, the ivory armor Gu and plentiful battle experience. Being able to fight him to this extent, Fang Zheng could be said to be pretty good.”

Bai Ning Bing watched the match quietly from within the crowd.

She had experienced the pressure Fang Yuan was on right now. Only those who had personally fought against rank four Gu Masters would know the huge gap between rank three and rank four.

“Brother Hei Tu…” Shang Xin Ci clenched her fists tightly, her beautiful eyes followed Fang Yuan.

Wei Yang’s brows gradually furrowed.

Howl!

Suddenly, the roar of a wild beast burst out.

A dragon-elephant phantom suddenly rose up behind Ju Kai Bei; showing a tremendous might.

Dragon-elephant refers to a huge elephant who possesses dragon’s blood. Its physique was larger than a mammoth, it was a humongous beast. If lions and tigers came across it, they would detour around it and not dare to attack.

There was a great possibility of obtaining dragon-elephant huge strength Gu by killing this type of ferocious beast.

Dragon-elephant huge strength Gu was a rank four Gu; while the galloping horse strength Gu, green bull labor Gu and other Gu used by Fang Yuan were only rank three.

Since Ju Kai Bei became rank four Gu Master, he had used three dragon-elephant huge strength Gu and created three beast phantoms for himself.

Right now, he was punching with the strength of a dragon-elephant!

Fang Yuan’s pupils rapidly shrunk. At this moment of crisis, he quickly put up his two arms.

All-out effort Gu — Stone turtle strength!

A huge turtle phantom appeared behind him.

BOOM!

Ju Kai Bei’s bowl-size fist ruthlessly struck Fang Yuan’s arms.

A huge force emerged from the collision; Ju Kai Bei only took a step back while Fang Yuan was sent flying.

Stone turtle phantom collapsed with a loud bang; while dragon-elephant phantom flew higher into the sky.

Stone turtle strength was clearly not dragon-elephant strength’s match.

Fang Yuan was sent flying for almost thirty steps and crashed through two stone pillars before finally stopping.

Fang Yuan got back to his stance again and shook his aching and numb arms. He might look pitiful but was not the least bit harmed. The combination of iron bone, steel tendons and bronze skin gave him a very strong defense.

“Ju Kai Bei punched with the strength of a dragon-elephant!” Outside the stage, many spectators cried out in surprise.

“He has been using habitual strength Gu since the start and now his strength has become exceedingly high. This is still only the strength of a dragon-elephant, senior Ju Kai Bei has a total of three dragon-elephant phantoms in him. I once saw him strike with the strength of three dragon-elephants, he instantly crushed his opponent’s skull!”

“Fang Zheng can’t hold back Ju Kai Bei. Ju Kai Bei striking with dragon-elephant strength is a prelude to his dominance of this match.”

Fang Yuan was expressionless as he charged towards Ju Kai Bei once again.

The two exchanged moves again.

Snow silver primeval essence continually poured into all-out effort Gu.

Boar, brown bear, crocodile, green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant and black python; eight beast phantoms flashed by one after another.

After the stone turtle strength Gu, Fang Yuan had used white elephant primeval strength Gu and black python coiling strength Gu to gain white elephant phantom and black python phantom.

Eight beast phantoms were Fang Yuan’s body’s limit. Thus after using black python coiling strength Gu, he no longer used other strength Gu.

On the stage, Fang Yuan unleashed a flurry of attacks, his punches broke through the wind and were extremely violent.

Such terrifying offensive power birthed fear in the spectators.

Ju Kai Bei had just burst out the strength of a dragon-phantom and his strength was now back to before, habitual strength Gu started to accumulate power once again. Seizing the opportunity, Fang Yuan started going all out, immediately taking back the initiative.

His eight beast phantoms flashed continuously in the air, while the dragon-elephant phantoms appeared only occasionally.

However, every time dragon-elephant phantom appeared, it would send Fang Yuan flying.

As time passed, Fang Yuan’s injuries accumulated; bronze skin could not resist Ju Kai Bei’s enormous strength and was lacerated.

Ju Kai Bei’s whole body was covered with a layer of ivory armor, so although there were many scars and cracks on it, he stood straight from the start, like an iron tower standing tall on the earth.

After some time.

There was a chance!

Ju Kai Bei made a very tiny mistake which might only appear once in a blue moon.

Fang Yuan grabbed this transient opportunity and suddenly moved to Ju Kai Bei’s back and smacked.

Brown bear phantom.

If this enormous and heavy force struck, Ju Kai Bei would definitely be spurt out large amounts of blood.

Ju Kai Bei had no time to stop it so he could turn around and sweep his arms.

Howl!

Suddenly, there was the trumpet of an elephant; dragon-elephant phantom appeared and completely suppressed the brown bear phantom.

Fang Yuan was instead sent flying. This was the eighth time.

The frequency of dragon-elephant phantom’s appearance became more frequent. When it did not appear, Fang Yuan held a slight initiative. But once it appeared, none of Fang Yuan’s phantoms were its match.

Fang Yuan’s beast phantoms were all ordinary wild beasts, but dragon-elephant had a trace of dragon bloodline in it and was considered a mutated beast!

After one hour since the match started….

Howl! Howl!

Two dragon-elephant phantoms appeared at the same time behind Ju Kai Bei.

His two fists ruthless struck Fang Yuan’s chest and sent the latter flying far away.

Fang Yuan spurted out a mouthful of blood in the air and his vision shook.

Thump thump thump thump thump… 

He smashed through five stone pillars before falling down on the ground; dust rose and covered his figure.

“So miserable!” Many Gu Masters’ eyes twitched at this scene. Fang Yuan’s current state was too appaling.

“Rank three beast phantom are not the rank four dragon-elephant phantom’s match.”

“Fang Zheng might have all-out effort Gu, but he can only use one beast phantom at a time. On the contrary, Ju Kai Bei’s habitual strength Gu is much better.”

“How could this be? All-out effort Gu is a legendary Gu but is actually inferior to the ordinary habitual strength Gu?” Someone shouted in surprise.

Soon, someone explained: “This is not the problem of all-out effort Gu, but rather the problem lies in Fang Zheng. Fang Zheng has the strength of eight beasts in him; they are like a huge water jar but the outlet is only a small bamboo pipe. All-out effort Gu can let this small bamboo pipe discharge water in top speed; while habitual strength Gu is like a bucket that needs to draw water from the water jar. All-out effort Gu allows the continuous flow of a thin stream, while habitual strength Gu accumulates before erupting.”

“Brother Hei Tu…” Shang Xin Ci’s heart jumped and she felt suffocated as she saw Fang Yuan’s figure covered with dust.

However, soon, the spectators saw a black figure slowly standing up from within the smoke.

“Three ribs have fractured, and there seems to be internal bleeding. Such a powerful attack….”

Intense pain attacked Fang Yuan, but the corner of his lips instead rose into a smile.

He had a steel willpower, what was this little bit of pain? What was this little bit of injuries?

His battle intent rose with the pain like burning fire! His blood boiled like boiling water!

“This type of battle is the most satisfying! It is only interesting when defeating such a strong enemy! Hehehe… hahaha!” Fang Yuan stood from within the dust with his head high and started laughing without restraint.

“What is Fang Zheng saying? He seems to be laughing?”

“Was his brain damaged by Ju Kai Bei?”

Because of the barrier around the stage, the spectators could not hear clearly.

Ju Kai Bei, who had an indifferent look since the start of the battle, had a change in his expression for the first time after he heard Fang Yuan’s crazed laughter!

“This kid…” His expression turned grim as he got a familiar as well as strange feeling from that laughter.

With a little bit of thinking, he immediately realized.

This was the aura of the demonic path!

A killing intent as sharp as a knife, a crazed will to destroy the world, an arrogance that looked down on the world, a ruthlessness that trampled on all living things…

This laughter seemed to have made Ju Kai Bei return to the past.

That painful and unbearable past.

He had to engage in slaughter almost every day as if walking alone in an endless darkness, with no one to talk to, an endless loneliness repressed into fear, the life of the demonic path that was worse than death…

You must keep going forward and you must keep on winning. It was like walking on a steel rope between cliffs, your nerves stretched to the limits and you had no moment to relax. With just one loss, you could fall into the abyss, consigned to eternal damnation.

Ju Kai Bei was fed up with such a life so he threw in his lot with Shang clan and became a hidden elder. These years, he felt like he was a person who had climbed ashore after struggling and almost drowning in the sea of bitterness.

He was already standing on the shore, but Fang Yuan’s laughter was like a tide making him look back at the sea of bitterness.

This laughter evoked a trace of fear in Ju Kai Bei!

I cannot go back to my past…

I don’t want to think about the past…

I have turned over a new leaf, I have already begun a new life, I am already a member of the righteous path!

Righteous could not coexist with demonic!

Ju Kai Bei’s face shook to reveal a sinister expression, he felt an extreme hatred towards Fang Yuan from the depths of his heart.

Dragon travel tiger steps Gu!

Ju Kai Bei took the initiative to attack, he took large strides like a tiger or dragon and charged into the dust.

His every step was accompanied by the dragon’s cry and tiger’s roar.

This was the rank four dragon travel tiger steps Gu and it allowed Ju Kai Bei to move rapidly. It was also similar to charging crash Gu and used the charging and crashing force to bring out Ju Kai Bei’s stored strength.

Ju Kai Bei charged fiercely into the dust, straight towards Fang Yuan.

Howl!

Dragon-elephant phantom appeared again.

It was only one phantom and not two phantoms.

However, this was enough to suppress Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan did not avoid it and took it head-on; stone turtle phantom soared behind him.

The two fiercely collided.

The collision created a fierce wind wave, blowing away the dust.

Ju Kai Bei had a flabbergasted look as he retreated five steps; while Fang Yuan did not budge even a bit.

There were only bewilderment outside the stage.

“What in the world is going on?” This scene was beyond almost everyone’s expectations.

It was the same stone turtle strength against dragon-elephant strength, but why was the result completely different?

Ju Kai Bei gritted his teeth as he pounced forward again.

Bang!

A loud sound. He was sent flying by Fang Yuan like a sandbag before crashing onto the ground.

He got up with difficulty and stared deadly at the space above Fang Yuan.

In the air, brown bear phantom and boar phantom slowly disappeared.

“Using two beast phantom at once!”

“How is this possible?”

“This goes against common sense!”

There were cries of surprise and alarm from the spectators.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 318: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Two beast phantoms… my eyes did not deceive me, right?” Yan Tu’s eyes were wide open.

“What Gu is he using to bring out two beast phantoms at the same time?” Ju Kai Bei’s expression turned grave as he looked fixed at Fang Yuan. His pupils suddenly shrunk: “Come!”

Vertical crash Gu!

Fang Yuan’s expression was emotionless and his eyes as dyed in a deep miasma. He charged towards Ju Kai Bei.

At the same time, a horse and boar phantom appeared above his head.

Boar strength increased the force of his charge while horse strength increased his speed instantaneously, making his charging speed even quicker.

With the empowerment of two strengths, Fang Yuan seemed to have turned into a fierce boar charging with the speed of a raging horse; his figure quickly enlarged in Ju Kai Bei’s eyes.

Dragon travel tiger steps Gu!

Facing Fang Yuan’s powerful attack, Ju Kai Bei jumped along with the cry of a dragon and the roar of a tiger.

This time, he dodged of his own accord and brushed past Fang Yuan.

Vertical crash Gu’s weakness was exposed, it could only charge in a straight line; the opponent could easily determine the direction and dodge, causing the attack to fail.

“Ju Kai Bei has taken the initiative to dodge!”

“He had always been attacking head-on and rarely dodged. Since the battle started, this is the first time he has dodged without tanking the hit.”

“Fang Zheng is able to bring out two beast phantoms at the same time while Ju Kai Bei’s habitual strength Gu has to accumulate strength again, dodging is a sensible move.”

“Fang Zheng is still too inexperienced, although he has high quality Gu worms, his battle experience is far inferior to Ju Kai Bei. This attack was a wasted attempt… ugh.”

This spectator were still commenting when there was a sudden change in the stage.

After Fang Yuan brushed past Ju Kai Bei, he suddenly stopped using all-out effort Gu. The two beast phantoms disappeared, his charging force immediately diminished as he smashed into a black stone pillar.

As the black stone pillar collapsed, Fang Yuan’s momentum stopped.

Horizontal charge Gu!

Fang Yuan turned his body and charged horizontally, his two arms attacking straight. Two large phantoms of brown bear and white elephant suddenly rose up.

The distance was too close and Ju Kai Bei was caught unprepared; the attack hit him violently and sent his tall body flying!

The person who had just evaluated Fang Yuan as ‘too inexperienced’ was tongue-tied.

Many spectators’ eyes brightened.

Fang Yuan’s attack seemed ordinary, but it involved many factors and was an exceptionally brilliant move.

All-out effort Gu could unleash formidable offensive power when activated, it could also be revoked.

The constant switch between activation and revoking let Fang Yuan move smoothly with great flexibility.

At the same time, he used the terrain to stop his momentum.

Ju Kai Bei was struck by Fang Yuan, not because he was not intelligent but because he was used to habitual strength Gu and his plentiful experiences instead created a blind spot in his thoughts.

Fang Yuan charged again!

Ju Kai Bei rose to resist, but Fang Yuan’s two beast phantoms burst out like a crazed lion, the ferocious roar even caused the spectators’ hearts to palpitate.

Ju Kai Bei became a sandbag, left with no way to retaliate, he held his breath as he defended desperately.

“Heavens, Fang Zheng is merely rank three peak stage but is actually suppressing Ju Kai Bei!”

“Such an unimaginable scene is actually happening in front of my eyes.”

“All-out effort Gu is after all a legendary Gu, it is powerful and has marvelous uses, even rank four habitual strength Gu cannot compare to it!

“Fang Zheng has already perfected the use of all-out effort Gu. He might not have plentiful experience, but his innate battle talent is enough to make up for everything else.”

The spectators were clamoring.

Bam!

Dust rose up, Ju Kai Bei’s tower-like body was like a sack as he smashed through several thick black stone pillars.

Cough!

He again spurted out a mouthful of blood. He struggled to get up but Fang Yuan was already upon him and did not give him any chance to take a breather.

He stomped on the ground; horse and green bull beast phantoms appeared at the same time.

Ju Kai Bei rolled on the ground, dodging the attack in a sorry state.

Fang Yuan’s right leg stamped on the ground fiercely; a dull sound echoed, soil and stones split and flew, the whole battle stage seemed to be slightly shaking.

A clear concaved depression appeared immediately below his legs.

Vertical crash Gu!

Fang Yuan charged, brown bear and white elephant phantoms simultaneously appeared.

“Damn it!” This time, Ju Kai Bei did not have enough time to dodge, he could only grit his teeth and raise his huge arms to resist.

Howl! Howl!

Behind him, two dragon-elephant phantoms suddenly appeared and rose to the air; Fang Yuan’s brown bear and white elephant phantoms immediately paled in comparison.

Fang Yuan strongly collided into Ju Kai Bei; Ju Kai Bei was only pushed back a little, while Fang Yuan himself was sent flying away.

Two beast phantoms could suppress one dragon-elephant strength. However, Fang Yuan would lose against two dragon-elephant strength.

“Finally, two dragon-elephant strength came out…” Ju Kai Bei let out a breath of turbid air, he was shocked by Fang Yuan’s violent strength. Only when two dragon-elephant strength burst out, did he reclaim his footing.

Habitual strength Gu might be rank four but it was indeed inferior to all-out effort Gu.

Ju Kai Bei had to continuously accumulate and increase his strength by activating habitual strength Gu, then summon the beast phantom. However, even he did not know when it would appear. If he attacked, and one dragon-elephant strength appeared, he would have to accumulate strength all over again which caused his battle strength to temporarily fall.

Ju Kai Bei’s strength was like a water jar and his habitual strength Gu was like a bucket, he needed to draw the water from it every time.

In contrast, all-out effort Gu was a stream and could be used anytime, able to be unleashed whenever Fang Yuan willed. In fact, if Fang Yuan did not want to use it, he could even turn it off. With such a flexible use, Fang Yuan could advance or retreat, he could use to attack or move away quickly.

“If I was the one with all-out effort Gu… sigh ! Unfortunately, even if I win, Shang Yan Fei would not allow me to claim it.” Ju Kai Bei felt regret.

He had complete freedom when he was a demonic Gu Master and could do whatever he wanted. By submitting to the righteous path, he gained safety and stability, had enough resources, but he felt his hands and legs bound when doing things.

“If I choose the all-out effort Gu disregarding his orders, what would happen?”

This thought was immediately dispelled the moment it appeared.

If he really did that, it was no doubt offending Shang Yan Fei. Shang Yan Fei was not only a rank five expert, he also controlled Shang clan. If Ju Kai Bei disobeyed him, even if he escaped, his future would never be peaceful.

“Wait a moment! What am I thinking about, the crucial thing now is to defeat Fang Zheng!” Ju Kai Bei’s gaze concentrated, activating dragon travel tiger steps Gu and attacking Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan spurted a mouthful of blood from the attack, his iron-like arm bones were fractured.

The intense pain struck him, but Fang Yuan instead grinned and laughed.

All-out effort Gu!

Brown bear, white elephant and green bull; three phantoms burst out together!

Even Ju Kai Bei could not help but stare with wide eyes, revealing a stupefied expression.

What had just happened to Fang Yuan, happened to himself immediately after.

Ju Kai Bei had thought of taking the chance to attack quickly and had taken the initiative to attack, but he was instead sent flying. There was a huge hole in the thick and solid ivory armor on his chest. He spurted out a huge amount of blood and smashed through the black stone pillars before collapsing on the ground, as a dust cloud appeared. Ju Kai Bei clenched his teeth as he hurriedly got up.

“Three beast phantoms!” The spectators were stupefied.

The scene was extremely clear. Fang Yuan struck with three beast phantoms!

“How did he do it?” Many spectators looked at each other.

“He had just attacked with two beast phantoms, but now there’s three…” Many were speechless.

But even more people already had guesses: “Could it be…”

Ju Kai Bei stared at Fang Yuan fixedly as he squeezed out a name from his teeth: “Bitter strength Gu!”

That’s right, it was bitter strength Gu.

Bitter strength Gu was a rank four Gu and was the perfect companion for strength path Gu Masters; the more injuries the Gu Master suffered, the greater the pain he felt, the more strength they could bring out.

Naturally, there was a limit to the strength the Gu Master could display and it depended on the Gu Master’s foundation.

Fang Yuan possessed eight beast strength phantoms, the strength he contained was like a large water vat. All-out effort Gu was like a bamboo pipe that could be opened and closed at will and could continually draw water from the vat.

Right now, as Fang Yuan suffered injuries and used bitter strength Gu, it was as if many holes appeared on the water vat. All-out effort Gu added in bamboo pipes to all these holes and allowed Fang Yuan to use them as he wished.

Just with all-out effort Gu, Fang Yuan only had a single bamboo pipe to draw the water and thus could only use one beast phantom. But now, under the effects of his injuries and the bitter strength Gu, it was like adding two new outlets to the water vat.

Thus, when Fang Yuan used all-out effort Gu now, he could simultaneously use three beast phantoms.

“To think he has a bitter strength Gu! Didn’t Shang Ya Zi buy this Gu in the auction? Is this bitter strength Gu the one Shang Ya Zi owned?” Yan Tu guessed the answer.

His eyes narrowed and his expression was unprecedentedly solemn.

“If the bitter strength in Fang Zheng’s hand is not Shang Ya Zi’s, then he no doubt toyed with Shang Ya Zi in the auction. But if this bitter strength Gu was the one Shang Ya Zi bought, then the situation is terrifying! Shang Ya Zi had been ousted from his young master position not long ago because of false accounting with Fang Zheng. Maybe this bitter strength Gu is the fruit of Fang Zheng’s victory! This kid is not simple. Brother Ju, you have to be careful…”

Yan Tu could not help but worry about Ju Kai Bei’s situation.

Ju Kai Bei only felt bitterness in his mouth.

First, the all-out effort Gu, now the bitter strength Gu… these two Gu were both what he, Ju Kai Bei, yearned for everyday and had bitterly searched for them fruitlessly.

However, Fang Yuan who was so young was holding both Gu, such luck caused this senior to become green with envy.

With bitter strength Gu, the heavier the injuries Fang Yuan suffered, the more holes there would be on his water vat and he would also become stronger.

In another words, every time Ju Kai Bei inflicted damage, he would instead be increasing Fang Yuan’s battle strength.

It was an unpleasant feeling. His mental endurance also took a hit, not wanting to fight with Fang Yuan anymore. The more Fang Yuan fought, the stronger he got; the heavier the injuries he suffered, the higher his strength. The most important thing was he possessed eight beast phantoms, if they all burst out together, even if Ju Kai Bei’s three dragon-elephant appeared together, it would be useless.

What lowered Ju Kai Bei’s morale even more was that he knew Fang Yuan possessed a self-reliance Gu.

Self-reliance Gu’s healing effects was extremely potent towards Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was being healed while suffering injuries, maintaining his strength at a terrifying level.

All-out effort Gu, bitter strength Gu and self-reliance Gu; these three formed a tight combination, creating a secure and solid foundation.

Reaching this step, the Gu set that Fang Yuan planned earlier had already reached initial success, forming the skeleton. Their effects were outstanding and even the rank four Ju Kai Bei was suffering from this combination.

Fang Yuan had been in Shang clan city for over two years now, already accomplishing something most Gu Masters would not be able to accumulate even after spending most of their lives. Even a veteran like Ju Kai Bei was jealous and green-eyed.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 319: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (3) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Even if Fang Zheng has bitter strength Gu, the strength he can release is at most eight beast phantoms. Bitter strength Gu cannot raise his strength limitlessly.”

“Shang clan leader ordered me to not take all-out effort Gu, I can only choose this bitter strength Gu!” Ju Kai Bei’s eyes brightened as he thought of this.

Whether it was all-out effort Gu or bitter strength Gu, they were both extremely attractive to strength path Gu Masters.

“I still haven’t lost! I am at rank four initial stage, I am superior in terms of primeval essence, and I also have my killer move.”

Ju Kai Bei possessed plentiful experience and was able to put his disorganized mind in order after pondering for a short period. He was invigorated and his low morale rose up.

The two began exchanging moves again.

The battle could not longer be described as intense; desperate was more suitable.

The two punched and kicked one after another, attacking and defending.

Ju Kai Bei’s ivory armor was being broken continuously and while repairing itself. From time to time, he would spurt out mouthfuls of blood.

Fang Yuan was also not much better, he was restraining self-reliance Gu which caused his whole body to be full of injuries and blood seeped out continuously, his bones fractured and endless pain continued to assault his mind like tides.

The heavier the injuries he suffered, the stronger he got. Not long later, he could bring out five beast phantoms.

Ju Kai Bei fell into a much more dangerous situation and was almost suppressed to the state where he could not even lift his head.

This was something he had never experienced at the battle stage.

Even Yan Tu was only his equal.

“Junior, you are too arrogant!” Ju Kai Bei furiously swept his arms.

Three dragon-elephants!

He suddenly erupted, as the enormous dragon-elephant phantom appeared behind him.

Fang Yuan was sent flying.

Three dragon-elephants could suppress five beast phantoms.

Fang Yuan’s arms were twisted due to the attack, they were completely fractured. His left arm was even folded into a right angle and the fractured bones were exposed with fresh blood flowing down.

Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and endured the pain as he activated self-reliance Gu.

Such injuries already affected his combat capability and he had to heal it.

He first healed his right arm before twisting his left arm back to its proper state, forcefully joining the broken parts as he activated the self-reliance Gu.

The broken bones began to grow again and join together. Then it was the pieces of flesh and finally the skin.

During the healing process, Fang Yuan constantly evaded Ju Kai Bei’s attacks using horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu, contending with Ju Kai Bei by doing three tasks at once.

When he attacked, he attacked fiercely with a domineering might. But when he dodged, it was a completely different style; he was calm and not flustered in the face of danger, like a slippery loach.

He used the black stone forest terrain to his maximum advantage, so although Ju Kai Bei’s dragon travel tiger steps Gu was faster than Fang Yuan, he could not catch Fang Yuan.

After the healing was finished, Fang Yuan turned around and started attacking again.

Time passed by, the battle situation became more desperate. Fang Yuan’s phantoms gradually rose from five to six then seven until there were eight phantoms!

At the start of the battle, there were spectators who commented and shouted from time to time, but as the match progressed, the audience had gotten silent.

Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei’s terrifying strength caused their hearts to feel cold and astonished.

“Too terrifying!”

“Such power, one can only imagine how flourishing the ancient strength path must have been.”

“If it was me, I would have already turned into meat paste no matter which one I fought among them.”

 …

The spectators were speechless but even more secretly felt admiration towards the unyielding spirit of Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei. These two were true warriors of steel.

No one had predicted such a result.

Fang Yuan was strong and after he brought out eight phantoms, he was suppressing Ju Kai Bei most of the time.

However, Ju Kai Bei was not weak, his healing Gu was also quite outstanding. The combination of dragon guts Gu, dragon travel tiger steps Gu, and dragon-elephant Gu formed a resonance of Dao marks due to their similar law fragments; this greatly raised the probability of bringing out his dragon-elephant phantom.

Sweat formed in Shang Xin Ci’s clenched hands.

Wei Yang’s frown became deeper and was turning into a knot.

He could see Fang Yuan was getting exhausted.

Even Fang Yuan’s iron body could not endure unleashing the strength of eight beast phantoms; sweat fell down his body like rain and his muscles were already aching and turning numb.

There was another even greater danger.

Being able to simultaneously summon eight phantoms signified his injuries were extremely severe and he was in danger.

Fang Yuan was walking on a steel wire, if he was struck by Ju Kai Bei’s three dragon-elephant phantoms, he might die from the attack!

He was risking his life in battle!

This was a battle of extremes.

From start till now, it had already been over two hours.

The match gradually reached the climax, the two had reached their limits; their attacks were clearly starting to slow down.

However, the match was instead becoming more thrilling and even Bai Ning Bing’s expression was solemn.

The whole scene was silent, all the spectators were concentrating on the match.

Ju Kai Bei finally lost his patience.

He might be able to strike with three dragon-elephant strength, but it all depended on luck and there was no assurance.

Sometimes, the phantoms came out at the wrong timing and Fang Yuan would easily dodge or resist it.

“Why has his primeval essence not been exhausted?”

Even the rank four strength path Gu Master Ju Kai Bei did not have much primeval essence left at this stage.

However, Fang Yuan, a rank three Gu Master, actually appeared to have abundant primeval essence and was very energetic.

“Could it be, he really has a heavenly essence treasure lotus?” Ju Kai Bei could not help but recall that secret letter sent by Shang Yan Fei.

“If Fang Zheng really has it, his luck is simply too heaven defying!” Ju Kai Bei gritted his teeth, the expected superiority in primeval essence did not exist, causing his fighting spirit to dampen.

But the truth was, Fang Yuan not only had heavenly essence treasure lotus, but also blood skull Gu and four flavor liquor worm. If Ju Kai Bei knew this, his expression would definitely be spectacular.

“I can’t lose! It seems I can only use my killer move!!” Ju Kai Bei made his decision.

Dragon travel tiger steps Gu!

He suddenly retreated and this unusual movement immediately attracted Fang Yuan’s attention.

However, Fang Yuan could not catch him.

Dragon travel tiger steps was really fast, far surpassing horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu. Even considering this terrain, it was disadvantageous to pursue him.

Almost instantly, all the spectators gazed at Ju Kai Bei, many realizing something.

“This is bad…” Wei Yang’s expression suddenly changed at this scene and he could not help but cry out in surprise.

“What is it?” Shang Xin Ci immediately looked at him.

“Ju Kai Bei is about to use his killer move! This match has finally reached the climax.” Wei Yang’s voice was deep and sweat seeped out of his forehead.

He was extremely nervous as he explained hurriedly: “Ju Kai Bei’s killer move has a flaw. If Fang Zheng can grasp this flaw, he could clinch victory! If not, I am afraid Ju Kai Bei will be the winner.”

Wei Yang had just finished speaking, when there was a change in the stage.

Djinn heart Gu!

Djinn body Gu!

Djinn mind Gu!

Three rank four Gu were simultaneously activated.

Body, heart, and mind combined; essence, qi, and spirit merged!

Ju Kai Bei’s physique suddenly enlarged by three times, a white aura appeared around his body as if signifying the descent of a deity. Along with it, his domineering presence increased greatly.

This was his killer move — Djinn transformation! It increased the Gu Master’s strength by three times and even his mental energy was raised by three times.

Gu Master consumed their mental energy to control Gu worms. If they overused it, their mind would feel sluggishness.

But Ju Kai Bei’s mental energy was raised now and he became energetic again.

At the same time, his strength was increased by three times; three dragon-elephant strength became nine dragon-elephant strength!

Once the nine dragon-elephant phantoms burst out, the eight beast phantoms would be crushed and Fang Yuan would certainly lose.

Ju Kai Bei reached his strongest state.

However, right at this moment, the ivory armor covering his whole body broke due to his size.

Many defensive Gu could not be stretched with the user and ivory armor was one of them.

“At this moment, he is completely defenseless. His strongest moment is also his weakest! Quick, grab this single opportunity for victory!” Wei Yang’s eyes widened as he mumbled with clenched fists.

At another corner of the room, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes also suddenly brightened.

As if he heard Wei Yang’s suggestion, Fang Yuan adopted a posture of attacking, but suddenly his movement stopped.

The excited and happy look that had just appeared on Wei Yang’s face froze.

“Strike!” He could not help but shout, his heart pulsed rapidly. Unfortunately, the barrier around the stage isolated sound; the spectators nearby casted strange glances at him.

Fang Yuan did not move but calmly observed.

The broken ivory armor was starting to grow, the new armor covered tightly around Ju Kai Bei’s whole body.

Fang Yuan’s chance at victory was slipping and becoming indistinct.

Wei Yang stomped his feet with anxiety but it was no use.

He raised his head and heaved a long sigh: ” Sigh , Fang Zheng lost, he lost his only chance…”

Fang Yuan did not attack and that was quite a surprise to Ju Kai Bei. He had expected Fang Yuan to attack him, and had already made preparations for that, but Fang Yuan, however, made no such attempt.

It was a real pity!

Because, just earlier, he had activated hard qi Gu.

Hard qi Gu turned into a ball of formless air covering his whole body. At that moment, he looked like he had no defense, but in truth his defense was extremely tight and solid like a boulder.

He had covered up his greatest weakness with the hard qi Gu.

If Fang Yuan had attacked, he was certain to meet with Ju Kai Bei’s frontal assault and was likely going to lose.

However, Fang Yuan did not move.

Ju Kai Bei had even slowed down the regeneration speed of the ivory armor to entice Fang Yuan, but he did not move and quietly watched like a spectator.

“Did he detect it? Impossible. Hard qi Gu is formless. I got it just recently and have never used it before.”

“Hmph, since you are not attacking, then let me make the move.” Bright rays exploded and flashed in Ju Kai Bei’s eyes.

Djinn transformation was a killer move created from using three rank four Gu; whether it was his yellow gold primeval essence or mental energy, they were both decreasing rapidly.

Physical strength and mental energy were both increased by three times. But at the same time, the consumption was also increased by three times.

Ju Kai Bei’s djinn transformation could not be maintained for long.

Dragon travel tiger steps!

Ju Kai Bei charged at Fang Yuan.

Horizontal charge, vertical crash!

Fang Yuan retreated and avoided the attack.

Ju Kai Bei was bewildered.

Fang Yuan changed his style and suddenly retreated, was it to stall for time?

Pointless!

“My body is three times larger now and every step I take is three times as far. With dragon travel tiger steps Gu, my speed is even faster!” Ju Kai Bei scoffed inwardly.

It was pointless even if Fang Yuan used the black stone forest terrain.

By now, almost all the black stone pillars were destroyed. Moreover, djinn transformation could completely crush everything in its path; to the current Ju Kai Bei, the terrain was as flat as a pancake!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 320: Tear through the sky 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Seeing that Fang Yuan about to be caught, Shang Xin Ci’s heart tightened.

Fang Yuan had severe injuries on him, if he was hit by Ju Kai Bei’s nine dragon-elephant strength, it meant death! Right now, Ju Kai Bei was the oppressing one, if Fang Yuan was caught up in close combat, his situation would be dire.

But unfortunately, Fang Yuan’s movement speed was inferior to Ju Kai Bei. The only way out was if he had a strong long range attack to restrict Ju Kai Bei.

“Fang Zheng, you lost.” Ju Kai Bei took big strides and approached, he knew Fang Yuan had a blood moon Gu, but such a weak attack could not stop him.

An ordinary long range attack could not stop him at all. Even in the entire battle stage, only Yan Tu’s Fire Sea Twin Dragon Kill could stop the assault of his Djinn Transformation.

“Fang Zheng is about to lose!”

“In the end, Ju Kai Bei is the victor of this battle.”

“Experience is still the deciding factor…”

The people discussed outside the stage, the situation was extremely clear now.

“Sigh…” Wei Yang sighed deeply.

Shang Xin Ci shut her eyes in pain.

Even Bai Ning Bing’s gaze dimmed.

“Hehehe.” Yan Tu laughed lightly, once Fang Yuan lost, Shang Yan Fei’s mission would be completed!

Unless, Fang Yuan had a strong long range attack that could stop Ju Kai Bei’s advancement.

But…

Strength path Gu Masters are mostly close range fighters, they had little to no long range methods, it was mostly situational techniques. This was a common weakness of strength path Gu Masters these days, a weakness easily exploited.

Yan Tu and Ju Kai Bei had many intense battles, a portion of their battles relied on Yan Tu using long range attacks to restrict Ju Kai Bei, then winning by an extremely small margin.

All other situations where Yan Tu failed to restrict Ju Kai Bei resulted in a loss after he got close.

Close range, long range, it was the crux of battling a strength path Gu Master, in fact, it was the deciding factor in a battle!

“It’s over.” Ju Kai Bei was already extremely close to Fang Yuan, as many people sighed.

But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a faint smile.

His dark eerie eyes burst forth with a cold glare, it was time!

Eight phantoms instantly appeared behind him.

Next, he activated his Gu worm, and pointed with his finger.

The snow silver primeval essence in his aperture fell drastically, over forty percent was expended in an instant!

Some mystical change had occurred, the beast phantoms originally manifested from the Dao marks, had become more solid, turning from hollow to real.

From a hollow phantom, they became solid phantoms!

Boar, brown bear, crocodile, green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant, black python, with a loud roar, they descended from the sky, charging towards Ju Kai Bei.

At this moment, everyone was stunned.

Change had occurred so quickly, Ju Kai Bei could almost see Fang Yuan losing under the might of his fist. Yet at the next moment, the eight phantoms charged towards him, from all directions, encircling him!

Wild boar charged, brown bear smacked, crocodile bit, green bull attacked with its horn, horse stomped, stone turtle suppressed, white elephant attacked with its tusks, and black python coiled!

Bam, bam, bam…

Howl, howl howl…

Boom, boom, boom…

The eight beast phantoms went into a frenzy, assaulting Ju Kai Bei ferociously.

Smoke rose and rocks flew, Ju Kai Bei was pummelled by the eight great phantoms while being surrounded in the middle!

Being attacked from all directions, Ju Kai Bei’s giant body that was three times the original size, became a giant punching bag.

His ivory armor could not take it anymore, breaking as the white fragments flew, at areas where it did not break, cracks appeared.

Many people stared at this scene in shock, opening their eyes and mouths wide, speechless.

There was almost a thousand Gu Masters watching this, yet no one said a word, as they observed the eight ferocious phantoms engulfing Ju Kai Bei.

A moment later, the eight phantoms turned hollow again, as they vanished without a trace.

The smoke dispersed, and Ju Kai Bei half kneeled on the ground, hugging his head as he breathed roughly.

“It’s finally over?” He slowly lowered his arms, staring at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was holding two primeval stones, recovering his primeval essence as much as he could.

He had A grade aptitude and the heavenly essence treasure lotus, now he multitasked, absorbing the essence from both primeval stones, his primeval essence had already recovered to seventy percent.

Seeing this, Ju Kai Bei’s eyes twitched.

He loosened his tightly clenched teeth, throwing up blood and broken teeth fragments.

Intense pain assaulted him from all parts of his body, causing him to feel dizzy as his ears buzzed.

He was thrashed really badly.

“If I had not activated the ivory armor Gu so desperately, I might’ve fainted already…” Ju Kai Bei felt some afterfear, but because he did this, he did not have much yellow gold primeval essence left.

He did not expect this change of event, when he thought of using the dragon travel tiger steps Gu to retreat, it was too late.

The eight beast phantoms surrounded him and prevented him from getting away.

Ju Kai Bei assessed, there was more than ten areas in his body where bones were broken. With such injuries, he could only choose to heal the important areas, as his primeval essence was running low.

He had primeval stones on him as well, but he could not absorb the natural essence during battle.

Fang Yuan would not give him the chance.

To do so, he needed a good opportunity. Like earlier, when Ju Kai Bei was beaten till he was helpless, Fang Yuan had free time to use his primeval stones.

Even so, Fang Yuan was taking a risk. He was doing two tasks at once, absorbing the essence from his primeval stones while controlling his beast phantoms, his control of his Gu was lowered during the period.

“What did I see earlier?”

“Unbelievable, the beast phantoms turned into solid attackers?”

“Since when did strength path Gu Masters become so strong? They had such a strong attack!”

After a while, the spectators finally reacted, asking out in shock.

Outside the battle stage, chaos ensued again.

Shang Xin Ci stared with her eyes wide-open, shocked and overjoyed, brilliant light shone in her eyes.

“Good lad!” Wei Yang punched his fists, shouting excitedly.

Although Bai Ning Bing was quiet, her eyes were shining with an eerie blue light.

“Able to turn the hollow beast phantoms into solid figures. Such a Gu worm, could it be?!” Yan Tu’s expression was solemn, as he thought about the Gu that Ju Kai Bei desired for such a long time, and had constantly told him.

“What you used earlier, is it… strength qi Gu?” Ju Kai Bei slowly stood up, his voice was hoarse as a hint of bitterness could be heard.

He did not attack, and Fang Yuan was happy about that as he absorbed the natural essence, saying: “You guessed right, it is the strength qi Gu.”

Ju Kai Bei blanked out for a bit before showing a complicated expression, containing envy, jealousy, helplessness, and bitterness.

“Strength qi Gu, strength qi Gu… hehe.” He sighed as he raised his head.

Ancient strength path Gu worms were nearly extinct. Whenever any news of them appeared, it would make Ju Kai Bei extremely interested. He had searched for many years, but to think that he would experience the strength of the strength qi Gu from this young Fang Yuan.

Beast phantoms were the traces of Great Dao, hollow and immaterial, they could not attack directly.

But, once a Gu Master had the strength qi Gu, the Gu Master can activate it and create the formless Qi of Strength.

The beast phantoms leave Fang Yuan’s bodies, and attach themselves to the qi of strength, gaining the ability to attack directly.

After that qi vanishes, the beast phantoms would lose their host, and dissipate, returning to Fang Yuan’s body.

Fang Yuan’s strength qi Gu, was the product of his closed door refinement.

The main ingredient to create the strength qi Gu, was the rank four atmosphere Gu.

When Fang Yuan saw it at the auction, he got the idea of buying it immediately.

Atmosphere Gu, strength qi Gu, they were both qi path Gu. The laws in them were similar, thus, they could be converted to one another using refinement.

This conversion recipe was extremely complex. Using more than twenty ingredients, to carry out reverse refinement, there were more than thirty steps in this. The heat and timing have to be controlled precisely, and there cannot be any errors. The success rate was not low though, it was more than eighty percent.

Strength qi Gu, was only a rank three Gu.

Fang Yuan spent many days and nights, staying in the secret room without any rest, using his rich experience and calm attitude to successfully refine the strength qi Gu.

In his previous life, only after two hundred years did this recipe become popular among recipe masters, and become publicly known.

As for now, the recipe master that created this was not even born yet. Of course nobody knew about it.

“There is no need to continue. I surrender.” Knowing that Fang Yuan had the strength qi Gu, Ju Kai Bei lost his will to fight, surrendering.

With this Gu, Fang Yuan had a strong long range attacking method.

Close range, long range, being extremely strong at both. This was the way of the true ancient strength path!

Ju Kai Bei could no longer get close to Fang Yuan, even if he used djinn transformation.

In contrast, Fang Yuan had many ways to finish him. The attack of the eight phantoms, Ju Kai Bei did not want to experience it again.

Of course, Ju Kai Bei knew the weakness of the strength qi Gu very clearly.

It expended a lot of primeval essence, five percent of snow silver primeval essence was needed to contain one beast phantom.

Eight beast phantoms would amount to forty percent.

Even in Fang Yuan’s peak state, having ninety percent primeval essence, he could only use this move twice.

And this was only in theory.

In a real battle, Fang Yuan needed to use his movement Gu, defense Gu, all-out effort Gu, and others, his primeval essence would be expended in more ways, and the number of times he could use the eight phantoms would only be once.

Such a move could not be used easily, because of the great consumption, if it bore no results, the Gu Master would be weakening himself.

Thus, Fang Yuan left it to the end.

After Ju Kai Bei used djinn transformation, he relaxed his mind. Such an attitude was captured by Fang Yuan, thus he managed to injure him heavily.

When Gu Masters battle, they use Gu worms, but the person himself was still the key.

Once a person reveals a flaw, that would be the greatest loophole.

At this time, the hosting Gu Master came up and announced the result.

“Ju Kai Bei admitted defeat?” Many people could not accept this.

“Fang Zheng really shot through the sky!”

“The world is changing, the world is changing!”

Ju Kai Bei was called ‘half the sky of the battle stage’, but now this ‘sky’ could not contain Fang Yuan anymore.

After this battle, Fang Yuan’s reputation tore through the sky!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Despite using rank three peak stage cultivation against a rank four, Fang Zheng still won. Not only did he overcome the odds, he even defeated such a strong expert like Ju Kai Bei! He is truly a promising young man!”

“This is no doubt a grand victory. Ju Kai Bei even used his killer move djinn transformation, but was still beaten till he sprawled on the ground by Fang Zheng, forced to admit defeat.”

“The attack of the eight beast phantoms is truly terrifying… to think Fang Zheng had the strength qi Gu, he is too lucky, I heard this Gu was a prized treasure of his original clan.”

In the tea houses, restaurants, and streets, people talked in their free time, discussing the battle of Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei.

At a point where both were at their peak, defeating a rank four with rank three cultivation was truly spectacular.

There was almost a thousand spectators at the battle stage, everyone watched the whole process. Fang Yuan won fair and square, there was no trickery or schemes, he completely dominated Ju Kai Bei through pure strength.

As for the origin of the strength qi Gu, Fang Yuan gave out fake news and caused everyone’s guesses to link to Gu Yue clan.

“From today onwards, Lord Fang Zheng is my role model!”

After this battle, many people started calling Fang Yuan ‘lord’. His battle strength had gained everyone’s recognition.

“Lord Fang Zheng is truly awe inspiring, Ju Kai Bei’s era has ended.” A few female Gu Masters said with shining eyes.

“The newer generation replaces the old, as Ju Kai Bei topples, it all contributes to Fang Zheng’s reputation.” Some old Gu Masters exclaimed, feeling the rise of a new era.

“Fang Zheng defeated Ju Kai Bei, I wonder if he can defeat Yan Tu. If he beats Yan Tu as well, he would be the only person to dominate the battle stage in all these years. As long as he defends his position for eighteen battles, he would become an external elder of Shang clan!”

This battle created trembles in the battle stage.

The old structure was torn down, and a new force emerged.

People started to look at Fang Yuan’s future, feeling excitement and anticipation.

Shang clan had not gotten an external elder for over ten years.

If Fang Yuan defeated Ju Kai Bei with a mild advantage, and had a tough time, their expectations might not have been so great.

But after Fang Yuan displayed overwhelming strength that crushed Ju Kai Bei, they started to analyze —

“Fang Zheng has the all-out effort Gu, bitter strength Gu, self-reliance Gu, and strength qi Gu, even an ancient strength path Gu Master could only reach this level!”

“The all-out effort Gu allows his attacks to be ferocious and dominating! The bitter strength Gu allows him to get stronger as he battles, paired with the self-reliance Gu, it was simply perfection. The strength qi Gu allows him to have a strong long range attack, and completely eliminates his weakness. The scene of the eight beast phantoms attacking together is simply terrifying. This is Fang Zheng’s killer move!”

“Ju Kai Bei’s loss was no fluke. Although he is rank four and had the advantage of cultivation, the strength path has little use for primeval essence, limiting that advantage he had. Furthermore, Fang Zheng’s Gu worms are simply too good, they form into a powerful set, and are all closely related together. Ju Kai Bei probably admitted defeat after being disheartened.”

“How can a person’s luck and encounters be this good? Fang Zheng’s luck is off the charts. He had only been in Shang clan city for a few years, yet he is already this developed. His Gu set is so strong, enough for him to spread his name in the southern border and gain his own title.”

“Title? He already has it… many people are calling him and Bai Ning Bing the Black and White Demons. But even more people are calling Fang Zheng the Little Beast King.”

Fang Yuan controlled the eight beast phantoms, and had a ferocious battle style, charging and crashing, the title of Little Beast King suited him well.

As for why he is not called ‘Beast King’.

That is because Beast King is already an established demonic Gu Master. He occupied Bai Shou mountain, using the hundred beasts as his army, and was a rank five Gu Master, unreasonable, ruthless and evil. He was a troublesome person for both the righteous and demonic faction.

Fang Yuan was still rank three peak stage, although he defeated Ju Kai Bei and gained fame overnight. He was still very far from being at the level of ‘Beast King’ who was a rank five Gu Master.

From another aspect, people calling him Little Beast King meant that they are thinking highly of Fang Yuan and his future.

“I am looking forward to his battle stage defending battles. Every dominating expert’s defense battle is a classic. Back then, Lord Wei Yang used rank three middle stage cultivation, even weaker than Fang Zheng now, to dominate the battle stage. Every one of his battles was a classic!” A senior Gu Master recalled.

Soon, many people started discussing Fang Yuan’s future prospects.

“At this point, how many are Fang Zheng’s match? Ju Kai Bei, Yan Tu, oh right, and Bai Ning Bing.”

“But, Ju Kai Bei had already lost his djinn mind to Fang Zheng, he was really ruthless. Among djinn body, djinn heart, and djinn mind, djinn mind was the hardest to obtain. Without it, Ju Kai Bei’s killer move is not complete. To Fang Zheng, that is one less threat.”

“Yan Tu is now Fang Zheng’s greatest competitor. He and Ju Kai Bei were each ‘half the sky of the battle stage’, his strength is no joke. But Fang Zheng is able to defeat Ju Kai Bei, and has the strength qi Gu to eliminate his weakness, there is a high chance of defeating Yan Tu.”

Someone mentioned Bai Ning Bing as well: “Bai Ning Bing is not to be underestimated, after she lost to Yan Tu, during her next match, she had already broken through to rank four initial stage! A rank four at this age, what sort of talent is that. But she and Fang Zheng have a deep relationship, she might admit defeat when they meet to help Fang Zheng.”

Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan staying at Nan Qiu garden together was no secret. Many people guessed that they had already done intimate acts.

But then, just as the discussions were at their peak, Fang Yuan suddenly announced he was retiring from the battle stage.

Once news got out, everyone was shocked.

“Why did Fang Zheng give up such a good chance?”

“External elder after dominating the battle stage, it is right before him.”

Many people sighed in pity.

“Are there any hidden circumstances?” The demonic Gu Masters started guessing.

“Could it be, Shang clan does not want external elders anymore, and forced Fang Zheng to give up?” Demonic Gu Masters often lacked a sense of security.

“Or is it that Shang clan wants to revise their policy, and remove the external elder position?”

Suspicion caused many to become uncertain.

Shang clan’s recruitment of demonic Gu Masters as their external elder was the only case in southern border.

In southern border, many clans have battle stages. The largest and most popular battle stage lies in the number one clan of the southern border — Wu clan.

But these battle stages were mostly for their own clansmen, rarely for outsiders. Shang clan’s external elder policy became extremely popular as a result, attracting numerous talents.

Even when they traded outside, many demonic Gu Masters do not rob the Shang clan caravans. That is because of the external elder policy, and these demonic Gu Masters needed a backup plan for themselves.

Shang Yan Fei felt something amiss, and quickly clarified the issue.

Although he had secretly use the two pawns Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu to control the battle stage, such a thing cannot be exposed.

Shang Yan Fei’s authority quickly caused this matter to close.

Soon after, a few days later, Fang Yuan announced in public, he was going to assist Shang Xin Ci and help her ascend to the position of young master.

Immediately, everyone’s attention shifted from the battle stage to the young master competition.

Because Shang Ya Zi’s fake accounting was exposed, his young master position was revoked and there was a spot empty now.

Many of Shang Yan Fei’s children were looking at this position with extreme greed.

“I heard long ago, this Fang Zheng is loyal and righteous. He had his life principles, repaying a drop of water received in need with a spring, and exacting revenge for hatred a hundred times over. He truly is responsible.” Someone praised him.

“In order to assist Shang Xin Ci to attain the position of young master, he even gave up the identity of external clan elder that was in sight. This is truly…” Some people could not understand.

“Maybe he and Shang Xin Ci has some underground relationship . If it was me, I would make such a sacrifice too.”

“That is possible, wait. If that’s the case, what about Bai Ning Bing?”

People had their gossiping nature, and it spread like wildfire. Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci’s triangle relationship become a hot topic.

Soon after, in a few days’ time, Bai Ning Bing also retired from the battle stage.

“Bai Ning Bing also went to assist Shang Xin Ci!” Someone exclaimed.

“What has this world become? Nobody wants to be an external elder?” Some people’s worldview were tarnished.

“Bai Ning Bing has great courage, reluctant to let him go. For love, she decided to interfere, actually the three of them and their intertwined relationship begun the moment they met.” Rumors started to spread again.

Countless scenarios were conjured by the people, there were even plays and dramas appearing in Shang clan city depicting the triangle relationship of Fang, Bai and Shang.

And it was selling like hotcakes!

Forget these details, but Fang and Bai’s change in position did successfully make Shang Xin Ci the center of attention.

Bai Ning Bing was now rank four initial stage, a rank four Gu Master was a clan leader in middle or small sized clans!

Although Fang Yuan was rank three peak stage, his battle strength was on par with rank four Gu masters. Once he becomes rank four, who can imagine how strong he would become?

 They were both very young, and had room to grow, thus there were a lot of positive remarks about them.

Getting two experts’ help, Shang Xin Ci immediately become the second most popular person vying for the young master position.

Before her, people thought that the person with the highest hope of becoming a young master was Shang Yi Fan.

After Fang and Bai assisted her, the situation changed, and it became a contest between the two sides.

…

Shang Yi Fan was not tall, in fact he was slightly short. Eagle nose and tiny eyes, he had a sharp gaze.

“Shang Xin Ci…” He sat on the wooden chair in his study room, muttering as his gaze shifted uncertainly when thinking about this person.

Before him was one person.

It was none other than Shang Ya Zi.

“Little brother Yi Fan, I am here to help you. Shang Xin Ci has Fang and Bai’s help, she will be your biggest competitor. Especially that Fang Zheng, you have to be careful, he is scheming and devious, he caused my downfall!”

Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth and spoke.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 322: Competitive Pressure 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Shang Ya Zi said: “I lost, but I have not failed completely yet. Father sent me to the slave capturing group for three years, but after three years, I will be back. But before that, I have some things to give you.”

Saying so, Shang Ya Zi passed a few documents to Shang Yi Fan.

Shang Yi Fan took the documents and gave them a look. The documents contained Shang Ya Zi’s secret assets, his spies and some close aides.

“Brother Ya Zi, this is…” Shang Yi Fan gave a shocked expression.

“Brother Yi Fan, you are the person most likely to become young master among our siblings. I will lend you a hand here and hope you manage to win. As for these resources, feel free to use them. After three years, I will be back, just return them to me then.” Shang Ya Zi sighed.

He was forced to train in the slave capturing group, he could not bring his servants and subordinates along. He was not going there to enjoy, but to be punished.

Now that he lost his young master identity, these forces would collapse eventually, he might as well hand them to Shang Yi Fan while he still had the power and let him take care of them. After three years, Shang Ya Zi will return, and would not have to restart all over again.”

Shang Yi Fan quickly stood up, cupping his fists: “I will not forget brother Ya Zi’s help. In the future, if I become young master, I will repay you tenfold.”

“Sigh, we are brothers, there is no need to talk about repayment. Hehehe…” Although he said so, Shang Ya Zi’s lips curled into a smile.

After they conversed, Shang Yi Fan sent Shang Ya Zi to the door as he left.

Seeing he had left, Shang Yi Fan’s smile turned cold.

“Shang Ya Zi, what a great plan you have, wanting me to preserve your forces for you? Hehe, then I shall use this opportunity to take over all of your assets and absorb them, this is called borrowing without returning .”

He knew Shang Ya Zi’s plan from the start.

“Three years? Many things can happen in three years, do you still think you have a chance. Hmph, naive! Such naivety, no wonder Fang and Bai tricked you. You are a disgrace to us Shang clan!” Shang Yi Fan laughed.

But thinking of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, his expression turned dark.

“Shang Xin Ci…” He kept muttering her name.

As Shang Ya Zi fell, he thought this young master position was in the bag. But to think Shang Xin Ci appeared out of nowhere and became his biggest obstacle.

Shang Yi Fan’s eyes squinted, as he analyzed to himself with shining eyes: “Shang Xin Ci’s greatest advantage is father’s affection. Father dotes on her more than his other children combined. But there are clan rules, as everyone competes for the young master position openly, father would not be able to cheat blatantly.”

“In fact, because of lord father’s favor, it caused our other siblings to have ill feelings towards Shang Xin Ci, or even hostility. Shang Xin Ci’s greatest advantage is also her greatest weakness.”

“Shang Xin Ci’s second advantage is her actual strength, that is Fang Zheng and Bai Ning Bing! These two are truly…”

Thinking of the two, Shang Yi Fan’s face showed strange, envious, jealous, and unbelievable expressions.

“These two, I don’t know what they are after! They rejected the role of external elder to help Shang Xin Ci!”

This feeling, is like someone giving up on a watermelon to pick up sesame seeds.

“How did Shang Xin Ci convince them? Her luck is really good, easily getting these two strong generals. That Bai Ning Bing is already rank four, and Fang Zheng can even defeat Ju Kai Bei!”

She gained two Gu Masters with rank four battle strength just like this.

Even their eldest brother Shang Qiu Niu did not have a rank four subordinate.

Among the ten current young masters, only the young clan leader Shang Tuo Hai had two rank four subordinates.

But those two subordinates were not Shang Tuo Hai’s private force, but sent by the clan to assist him.

As the young clan leader, Shang Tuo Hai controlled a caravan. When he traded outside, he needed sufficient strength to deal with all sorts of situations.

But now, Shang Xin Ci was not even a young master, yet she already possesses the help of two rank four experts.

This situation caused many of Shang Yan Fei’s children to feel jealousy and fear.

“But, even with help from those two, so what? The position of young master belongs to me!” Shang Yi Fan licked his lips, as he thought of something, his spirit was lifted.

…

At the same time, at Nan Qiu garden.

“Shang clan has a complex and complete system of clan rules. Especially the part on successors, the rules are extremely rigid.” Wei Yang stood beside Fang and Bai, in front of Shang Xin Ci, as he explained.

“If Lady Xin Ci wants to ascend to young master, you will have to pass the Shang clan test. This test is a tradition, and there is only one type of test, which is trading.”

Shang clan used trade to flourish, the development of Shang clan cannot be separated from business. When Shang clan chooses a new young master, they would test their business skills.

“Do not look down on trading, thinking this is only a method to earn money. Trading can assess a successor’s qualities, as many problems often occur when you do trade. The test is on your intelligence and planning, how you adapt to situations, your cultivation strength, and others.”

“The clan will give any competing children a start-up fund of a hundred thousand primeval stones. Three months later, whoever earns the most would become the new young master.”

Wei Yang was clear of the clan’s rules.

Then, how much do we need to earn to win this competition?” Fang Yuan asked.

The Shang clan young master competition was well-known in the city, the entire Shang clan placed great attention on it. Fang Yuan knew that he had to follow the rules here.

“Normally, as long as Lady Xin Ci has around three hundred thousand by the end of the three months, she would eliminate most of her competitors. If she has six hundred thousand, there would be a high chance of winning. Seven to eight hundred thousand is the first class result of previous years’ assessments. But…” Here, Wei Yang paused.

“This time, among the competitors, there is one whose mother is Lord clan leader’s cousin. In Shang clan, he has a rather big force, he is called Shang Yi Fan, the most favored competitor in this young master competition. With his mother helping him secretly, he would at least have six hundred thousand at the end. If you want to beat him, Lady Xin Ci would need even better results.”

Shang Yi Fan would have at least six hundred thousand, thus to get the young master position, Shang Xin Ci would need to get first class results.

But Shang Xin Ci had no authority or force in Shang clan, her mother was even a Zhang clansmen, causing her political weakness. She would not receive any help unlike Shang Yi Fan.

Her only backer is Shang Yan Fei, but as the clan leader, he cannot side with her openly.

Thus, the pressure on her was extremely high now.

After Wei Yang finished speaking, he looked at Shang Xin Ci worriedly. He knew that earning seven to eight hundred thousand was usually due to special circumstances. Very few young masters in the previous years could achieve this. This needed talent, help, and more so, luck.

Originally, Shang Yan Fei did not expect Shang Xin Ci to vie for the young master position so quickly.

It was all due to Fang and Bai influencing her.

After Shang Xin Ci heard Wei Yang’s words, she was quiet for a while before asking: “May I know, what was the best result in Shang clan city’s history?”

“Wei Yang was stunned: “Of course it exceeded eight hundred thousand, reaching nine hundred thousand. But very little people in history managed this, the total is less than twenty. Our current young clan leader Shang Tuo Hai only got to eight hundred and ninety thousand, and that caused a huge commotion already. But your father, back then, he reached nine hundred and twenty thousand. Just this alone, it went into Shang clan’s historical records.”

As he spoke, Wei Yang paused again: “But, the best result in Shang clan history is one million one hundred and ten thousand. He is called Shang Gui Cai, having a monsterous talent, but unfortunately he was a ten extreme physique…”

“Nine hundred and twenty thousand, one million one hundred and ten thousand…” Shang Xin Ci listened as her eyes glowed brightly, as she clenched her fists tightly.

She had great talent in doing business. Although Fang Yuan greatly encouraged her for this competition, she was a willing participant herself, and was not forced to do so.

Seeing Shang Xin Ci’s expression, Wei Yang felt assured: “Alright, I have to go. But before that, I’ll give you some advice. Shang clan’s entire attention is on this competition, do not try to take shortcuts or loopholes, and violate the rules. Trust your brother Wei, all those who tried cheating in the past had never succeeded.”

Young masters were the future of Shang clan, it was extremely important and no mistakes could be tolerated.

Shang Ya Zi was a young master, but because of one fake accounting, he was exiled, it shows how much importance Shang clan places on the young masters and their actions.

Shang Yi Fan had his mother’s clan’s backing, but they could only help him within the boundaries of the rules, they did not dare to cheat.

Soon after, Wei Yang gave a few more heartfelt advice before leaving Nan Qiu garden.

He was an important elder of the clan, and was Shang Yan Fei’s aide, according to rules, he should avoid meeting them. But he still entered and left Nan Qiu garden, explaining so much for Shang Xin Ci, it showed how much of a friend he was.

“Brother Wei is taking on a lot of pressure for us. We cannot trouble him any further.” Shang Xin Ci said.

Fang Yuan remained silent.

Bai Ning Bing frowned: “Earning six times the initial amount in three months of business, it is easier said than done.”

Although she was a natural genius, she had zero talent towards trading and business, feeling extremely troubled now.

But Shang Xin Ci’s eyes shone as she smiled, saying confidently: “Actually I have a good plan. As long as we succeed, I’m sure we can earn six hundred thousand.”

“Oh, what plan?” Bai Ning Bing asked.

Shang Xin Ci looked deeply at Fang Yuan, stating her plan: “I got my inspiration from brother Hei Tu’s battles when I went to watch him in the battle stage, we can do business regarding intel.”

“Selling information?” Bai Ning Bing frowned.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“That’s right, information business. Shang clan’s battle stage has over a hundred battles daily, there are so many opportunities hidden in the battle stage that we can use. I’ve thought about it, we can collect the Gu Master information of the battle stage participants, and sell them. We can hire a few famous people to do predictions before a battle, and critique after the battle, and so on.” Shang Xin Ci smiled as she answered.

“Brilliant!” Bai Ning Bing cheered.

This idea was ingenious!

Bai Ning Bing had participated in many battles, she knew deeply how brilliant this idea was. Immediately, she knew this idea could bring in huge profits for them.

Even Fang Yuan looked at her in surprise.

He has thought of this idea in his previous life, even using it in Wu clan. Wu clan’s battle stage was grander and had an even livelier atmosphere. Fang Yuan’s idea created a huge commotion and earned him lots of money everyday. But not long after, Wu clan interfered, and all sorts of competition and suppression came, in just a few months, his profits sank and his business was forced to close after half a year.

Fang Yuan reflected, he was able to come up with this idea because of his memories of Earth. But Shang Xin Ci being able to think of that as a native was extremely impressive, it showed her superior talent in business and trade!

Although this idea was good, Fang Yuan shook his head.

Shang Xin Ci gritted her teeth: “Does brother Hei Tu think this idea is bad?”

“The idea is good, but it won’t work. Xin Ci, do you trust me?” Fang Yuan looked at Shang Xin Ci deeply.

Shang Xin Ci smiled gently.

“My life was saved by brother Hei Tu, what is there not to trust?”

Bai Ning Bing snickered in her heart, but remained silent.

She was an insider, along the way, she was extremely clear: Shang Xin Ci’s misery was singlehandedly caused by Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan nodded: “Since you trust me, listen to me. We just need twenty days to triple your primeval stones.”

“Really!” Shang Xin Ci expressed her curiosity: “Then I will listen to brother’s instructions.”

“What scheme is he coming up with this time? Who is he planning to harm?” Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan with the corner of her eye, guessing in her heart.

…

San Cha mountain, situated in the middle of Zuo clan’s Leng Zhan mountain, and Che clan’s Fei Lai mountain.

Zuo clan and Che clan, the former had six hundred years of history, while the latter had five hundred and eighty.

The two were enemies, centuries of hatred and grudge, causing the two clans to be mortal enemies.

For the past hundred years, the two clans were expanding, and in order to occupy San Cha mountain, they fought.

On the mountain waist of San Cha mountain, an intense battle had occurred, and it was nearing the end.

Blood flowed on the ground, as tens of Gu Master corpses laid on the ground. There were seven people still standing.

Three from Zuo clan, four from Che clan.

Zuo clan elder Zuo Wu Sheng’s chest had a deep hole, as blood flowed out. He pressed down on his injury as he stood in front of Zuo Chan Yu, with a solemn expression: “Big Missy, leave now, we will block them!”

Zuo Chan Yu was Zuo clan leader’s eldest daughter, having A grade aptitude and was the future hope of Zuo clan. She was young and pretty, rank three middle stage cultivation before even twenty years old, she could not afford to die here.

“Elder Wu Sheng…” Zuo Chan Yu showed deep hesitation and dismay.

“Want to leave? Dream on!” Che clan elder Che You Yin sneered as he walked out.

“Old man Wu Sheng, to think this day would come. Hehehe, today, I will make sure all three of you die without a proper burial!” His killing intent burst out.

But after saying so, he instructed a young female Gu Master beside him: “Xiang Er, you have an injury on you, later when we fight, stay back and keep a lookout for us.”

Che Qiao Xiang instantly frowned: “Father, I only have a slight injury, it is no matter. I want to fight beside you!”

She was very worried.

Zuo Wu Sheng was her father’s rival for tens of years, they were about the same strength. Although Zuo Wu Sheng was injured, it would not be easy to kill him, his dying counterattack would be terrifying.

“Nonsense!” Che You Yin chided: “Be obedient and listen to father, this is an order.”

Che Qiao Xiang pouted, about to rebuke, but suddenly heard a laugh.

“Hahaha… hehehe…. huhuhuh…”

This was a weird laugh, making someone feel an evil wind blowing when they heard it.

Following this laughter, someone appeared on a mountain rock.

This person was extremely handsome, wearing a flowery robe that had pink butterflies. He wore a floral crown on his head, and there was a red flower ball sewn onto the crown. As he laughed, the ball vibrated, causing him to look like an extremely hilarious clown.

But be it Zuo Wu Sheng or Che You Yin, when they saw him, there was no laughter but intense fear instead.

“Ah, you are the ‘Pink Butterfly Gentleman’…”

“Kong Ri Tian!”

The two spoke out, revealing his identity.

This moment, the other people’s expressions also changed. Especially Zuo Chan Yu and Che Qiao Xiang, their faces went pale and they became extremely nervous.

This Kong Ri Tian was a demonic Gu Master, having a vile reputation. He loved to wear a flower robe that had pink butterflies, thus he was called ‘pink butterfly gentleman’.

But the truth is, he was a serial rapist, targeting virgin women. He was extremely hated by everyone, and thus was a loner.

Most importantly, he had rank four cultivation, once he appeared, the battle situation changed.

Zuo clan and Che clan were at their wits end, their main fighter Che You Yin and Zuo Wu Sheng were injured, and only had rank three cultivation.

“Hahaha… hehehe… huhuhu… That is right, I am Kong Ri Tian!” Although he was exposed, pink butterfly gentleman was extremely happy, laughing in that weird manner again.

Suddenly, he waved his sleeve, and injected his primeval essence, causing a flower petals to rain on the battlefield.

The pink petals turned into butterflies, flying in the air.

At once, fragrance spread throughout the battlefield.

Zuo clan and Che clan quickly defended and unleashed their abilities.

Kong Ri Tian used this opportunity to attack, causing the flower rain to intensify as his body moved around quickly.

After eight to nine rounds, Kong Ri Tian’s body flashed, as he retreated and left the battlefield.

“He retreated!”

“That was close…”

Che You Yin and Zuo Wu Sheng sighed together, but their expressions changed soon.

“My dear Chan Yu!”

“Qiao Xiang! Scoundrel, release my daughter!!”

The two elders were burning with anger.

“Hahaha… hehehe… huhuhu…” Kong Ri Tian laughed, as two ladies were on his left and right hand respectively.

It was Che Qiao Xiang and Zuo Chan Yu, having fallen unconscious as they were captured by him during the chaotic battle.

Kong Ri Tian specialized in dealing with female Gu Masters.

“Great rewards today, to think I’d find two beauties here. Hahaha… hehehe… huhuhu!” Kong Ri Tian was extremely satisfied, when suddenly a change occurred.

The entire San Cha mountain started trembling, as mountain rocks fell due to the tremors!

“What is going on?”

“What in the world is happening?!”

As everyone shouted in shock, three light pillars burst out from the three mountain peaks of San Chan mountain. Three giant light pillars, yellow, blue, and red extended all the way into the sky, above the clouds.

At this point, a voice was heard among all present on San Cha mountain —

“Three Kings Inheritance opens today, regardless of righteous or demonic, only fate matters.”

Everyone stared at this scene in shock.

Even Kong Ri Tian forgot the two beauties in his arms.

Three kings inheritance… it is actually the three kings inheritance!

Everyone reacted and showed an extremely excited expression.

Three kings inheritance, oh god, all three kings were rank five Gu Masters, this is their inheritance, this is actually their inheritance!!!

…

Three days later, in Shang clan city.

Nan Qiu garden, study room.

Placing a document lightly on the table, brilliance shone across Fang Yuan’s eyes.

“Three kings inheritance has finally opened…”

Looking at the date, it was the same as his previous life. This shows that in this world, even though rebirth can alter history, significant events cannot be changed easily.

“Now that the three kings inheritance has opened, I have little time left. Once Shang Xin Ci becomes the young master, I will have to set off.”

Fang Yuan felt an urge in his heart, he needed to act faster.

The three kings inheritance was different from ordinary inheritances.

 The flower wine inheritance and white bone inheritance he took previously were only one inheritance each. But this time, it was three collective inheritances in one place.

If he could obtain all three, Fang Yuan’s strength would increase by many times, and the rank four Gu worms he needed would be mostly filled. At least before rank five, he would not need to worry about resources anymore.

But the three kings inheritance was a demonic inheritance, it was dangerous. There were many dog groups inside, and many checkpoints to pass through. In his previous life, countless lives were sacrificed, and only after half a year did someone reach the end and obtain the inheritance.

Thus, there was no point in going at the moment.

“News of the three kings inheritance cannot be hidden. How can those three pillars reaching into the sky be concealed?”

Fang Yuan knew these three pillars were the inheritance entrance. But to enter, there were certain requirements.

“Now, I can finally mass purchase dog enslavement Gu, paper crane gu, and exploding egg Gu.” Fang Yuan analyzed.

Before this, although he had cash on hand, he secretly bought the three types of Gu in the market.

He had a vigilant nature, he did not go all in.

Only when the news of the three kings inheritance was released, he knew the time was ripe.

Bulk purchase!

Five days later, Fang Yuan bought a large number of rank one dog enslavement Gu, rank two paper crane Gu, and rank one exploding egg Gu. Not only Shang Xin Ci’s hundred thousand primeval stones, but also the three hundred thousand he had just gotten from Bai clan.

Fang Yuan had once extorted three million primeval stones from Bai clan, they had paid almost half of it already.

Adding in Bai Ning Bing’s money, Fang Yuan’s purchasing plan was a big success.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 324: Earning a fortune 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Shang Xin Ci used all her funds to buy these three Gu worms?” In the study room, Shang Yi Fan was holding onto a piece of paper.

This document was sent over by his mother.

Shang Yi Fan’s mother was Shang Yan Fei’s cousin, she had great influence and many informants.

“Rank one dog enslavement Gu, rank two paper crane Gu, and rank one exploding egg Gu, what use do they have?” Shang Yi Fan frowned deeply, thinking hard but could not arrive at an explanation.

“I heard Shang Xin Ci gave the entire hundred thousand to Fang Zheng. Although Fang Zheng is strong in battle, I’ve never heard of his talent in business. Randomly purchasing like this would only cause harm to himself. Did I overestimate them?”

Shang Yi Fan pondered.

Although he did not have high cultivation, he had trained his own ability in doing business, he had great understanding of the market.

Generally speaking, buying Gu worms in bulk like this, any experienced trader would not choose such a method.

Because this investment had no prospects!

But as Shang Yi Fan continued thinking, the uneasiness in his heart did not go away. He felt that he had missed something, as if there was a deep scheme behind this nonsensical bulk purchase.

At this moment, the old steward reported outside the door: “Young master, something huge has occurred, I need to report to you.”

“Oh, please come on Old Zhang.” Shang Yi Fan quickly asked him to come in.

This Old Zhang was his mother’s capable subordinate. He had rank three peak stage cultivation, able to hold his own and had great experience. Shang Yi Fan could not treat him like an ordinary subordinate.

Shang Yi Fan’s mother had also instructed him, to be courteous to Old Zhang and seek advice from him to learn more about trading.

Old Zhang walked in, his expression solemn: “Young master Yi Fan, things are not looking good, there are news from San Cha mountain, that someone had discovered the correct method to enter the inheritance.”

Although the three kings inheritance opened earlier, separated into three pillars of yellow, blue and red light, there were special criterias set by the inheritance and nobody could enter.

During these few days, after many people experimented and tested, they finally found the way to enter the three kings inheritance ground.

Hearing Old Zhang’s words, Shang Yi Fan showed intense curiosity: “Oh, what does one have to do to enter the three kings inheritance? Wait, don’t tell me…”

Suddenly his expression changed, as he stared intently at that document on the table.

He thought of a possibility, as he slowly stood up.

Old Zhang laughed bitterly: “Young master Yi Fan guessed it, that is correct, to enter the inheritance, three different Gu are needed. To enter the yellow pillar, the inheritance of King Quan, a Gu Master needs to refine the rank one dog enslavement Gu. To enter the blue pillar, King Xin’s inheritance, the Gu master needs to have paper crane Gu. If they want to enter the red pillar, King Bao’s inheritance, they will need at least one exploding egg Gu.”

“How can this be?” Shang Yi Fan screeched.

He fell on his seat, dejected.

He finally understood, why Fang and Bai bought these three Gu in bulk, so this was the reason.

Right now, news of the three kings inheritance had spread all over the southern border. The inheritance of three rank five Gu Masters together, who knows how many people would gain interest and want to go and get their share of the pie.

But to enter it, one needs at least one of those three Gu.

But right now, in Shang clan city, all of these three Gu belonged to Shang Xin Ci. As long as one is not a fool, they can imagine how much profits she can earn by sell those Gu worms!

Shang Yi Fan was not stupid, in fact he was smart, at least more than Shang Ya Zi.

“Where did they get such information? And so precise!”

“No, now is not the time for that, it is no longer important. More importantly, how am I going to stop them!”

An eerie light continued to flash in Shang Yi Fan’s eyes, as he concentrated and thought.

But a moment later, he showed despair and helplessness.

There was no way!

Shang Xin Ci did an excellent job here. It was a very normal investment, but because of the three kings inheritance, it became a completely different story.

When they purchased the Gu, Shang Xin Ci used way more than a hundred thousand primeval stones, but that was not against the rules, at most it was a curveball.

As long as they can earn primeval stones, and calculate her profits based on her initial capital, there was no problems…

If Shang Yi Fan wanted to find problems here, he had no reason to. That is because he also borrowed forces from his mother, such as Old Zhang. To speak the truth, his curveball was way worse than Shang Xin Ci’s.

“Young master Yi Fan, the other party had the most accurate information this time. After they deal, their capital can at least triple. We cannot find any problems with them, nor can we use any underhanded means. We have to use our remaining time and do our own business. With madam’s influence in the city, in three months, you will have at least six hundred thousand. Young master, we can still win.” Old Zhang explained.

“Yes, we can only hope so…” Shang Yi Fan breathed out deeply, but the worry in his heart did not go away.

Regarding the young master competition, this was just the start but he had already received such a ‘surprise’. Who knows what might happen later on.

The confident Shang Yi Fan started to become doubtful.

…

Three kings, they referred to King Quan, King Xin, and King Bao.

Their origins were traced back to three hundred years ago.

The three kings came from Wang clan. Wang clan was exterminated by their mortal enemy Wu clan 1 , but they missed out three children from Wang clan.

These three children, two males and one female. The eldest was eight, he would become the future King Quan. The youngest was five, he was King Bao. As for the female, the future King Xin, she was only six at the time.

Wu clan was busy absorbing their remnant forces, to completely digest their gains from Wang clan.

What could three children do?

They were not even Gu Masters, thus they did not bother with the children, only sending out an arrest warrant and forgot about them.

The person sent to kill them was also a lazy man, he picked three kids to kill, faking that he had completed his mission and returned. Thus, the three children were unintentionally saved.

They experienced hardship, suffering, and barely stayed alive. As they supported each other, they developed a deep relationship.

As they grew older, their hatred for Wu clan deepened.

But after Wu clan absorbed Wang clan, they got much stronger, and was a large clan that owned three mountains. After years of operating, their forces were even more deep-rooted. The three kings were alone, not even given the chance to awaken their aperture. It was an impossible dream for them to take revenge on Wu clan.

But life was uncertain, and fate worked in mysterious ways. You can never know what your fate might be in the future.

During one time when they risked their lives, collecting herbs on the mountain to sustain their livelihood, the three were thrown into an ancient inheritance ground.

This was not an ordinary inheritance, it was left behind by a mysterious rank six Gu Immortal.

The three kings thus, experienced a change in fate. They each inherited a portion of the rank six Gu Immortal’s inheritance, and worked hard to cultivate for nearly a hundred years.

The three encouraged each other and worked hard together. When they all got to rank five, they felt that the time was ripe, and thus, left the inheritance grounds to exact revenge on Wu clan.

At that time, Wu clan was at the peak of their development.

The three kings did not use any schemes or plot, but went straight to their doorsteps. Wu clan leader was a rank five Gu Master, how could he endure the assault of three rank five Gu masters?

Especially when these three rank five Gu Masters inherited an ancient inheritance.

King Quan summoned his army of hounds, as he waved his hand, it was a mighty army. The hound groups were like the sea, engulfing Wu clan village.

King Xin was speedy and agile, moving like a spectre, she killed all of Wu clan’s higher ups, causing them to have no leaders and fall into chaos.

King Bao was violent and direct, once he attacked, it shocked the heavens, as he triggered the explosion of the mountain rocks.

The strong and invincible Wu clan, was exterminated by the three kings in three days.

The three mountains’ spirit springs were destroyed, as corpses lined the mountain trails, blood pouring on the ground, it was a grotesque sight.

Wu clan was completely wiped out, but the three kings paid a heavy price.

However, they were willing to do so for the sake of revenge.

After getting their revenge, the three kings felt that life had lost its meaning, they did not want to rebuild Wang clan, as a clan, no matter how strong they were, could not defend against true experts.

They started living in seclusion, no longer coming out. They vanished like three shooting stars, after causing the huge event in southern border, they disappeared quickly, never to be heard from again.

Nobody knows what happened to the three kings after that, until recently, when their inheritance appeared.

“King Quan has at least three rank five dog enslavement Gu. With them, one can enslave myriad beast kings, and command an army, conquering the world!”

“King Xin is most skilled at refining Gu, she developed a unique set of Gu worms from the common rank two paper crane Gu, allowing her to easily get information. It was because of her that King Quan and King Bao found out the security loophole in Wu clan village. She was a huge factor in eliminating Wu clan.”

“And there is King Bao, his temper was like fire, every time he attacked, it would cause huge explosions that shook the lands. His power is wild and overbearing, whoever receives his inheritance would be able to stomp on the world!”

“Three rank five inheritances, getting one would allow one to rise to power, two would allow them to leave their names in history, and three would breed the ultimate overlord!”

“This is a huge opportunity, I will not be satisfied unless I try my best.”

“I have to hurry there, if I am late, and others get it, I would regret it for life!”

As news of the entry method of the three kings inheritance got out, many people went wild in Shang clan city.

“I want to buy the exploding egg Gu.”

“I want the paper crane Gu!”

“I want dog enslavement Gu, paper crane Gu, and exploding egg Gu!!”

“What, why are these Gu so expensive? The prices are three times as before!!”

“Tsk, get lost if you’re poor, there are lots of people waiting to buy.”

“Damn it… I’ll buy it!”

“I want to buy, I have to buy it!”

Numerous people gritted their teeth, scolding the unscrupulous merchant under their breaths, but still took out their hard-earned money in great pain.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 325: Immortal’s Blessed Land 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“During these last ten days, we earned twenty thousand on average a day. In total, the initial hundred thousand had already tripled, we have three hundred thousand now!” Holding onto the account book in her hand, Shang Xin Ci was surprised and delighted.

Ten days into the young master competition, Shang Xin Ci had already tripled the initial capital in her hands, she immediately pulled apart from her competitors.

Three hundred thousand, and this is only the amount earned from the young master’s capital. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing had also invested much into this, right now they earned a fortune. Fang Yuan’s primeval elder Gu was no longer enough, as he bought two more, his total asset had reached two million and four hundred thousand.

Bai Ning Bing also earned a lot.

Shang Xin Ci’s servants, Xiao Die and Xiao Lan, looked at Fang Yuan with a colorful gaze.

They knew that this amazing result was all due to Fang Yuan.

A good start was half the success. The two servants were doubtful of Shang Xin Ci competing for the young master position, but now they had much more confident.

“But, how did Fang Yuan know such accurate information about the three kings inheritance?” Bai Ning Bing sat at one side as she felt suspicion.

The reason Fang Yuan was able to use this opportunity and earn this time was all due to the information he had.

Does that mean, Fang Yuan had some secret regarding the three kings inheritance? Or did he have a mysterious source of information?

No matter which it was, the truth shows that Fang Yuan was not simple at all.

Although Bai Ning Bing earned a lot as well, she felt a strong pressure in her heart.

She had spent a lot of time with Fang Yuan, she found that often, Fang Yuan would bring her some surprise when she least expects it.

Although he does not appear mysterious at all on the outside, he is, in fact, shrouded in a thick layer of fog.

Precisely because she had spent so much time with him, she could feel this and experience how unfathomable Fang Yuan was!

“Brother Hei Tu, thank you so much this time. With this three hundred thousand, I can better execute my plans now.” Shang Xin Ci smiled and said.

But Fang Yuan waved his hand: “No worries, Xin Ci, you had a great idea, but it is very difficult to execute.”

He continued: “A business that sells information in the battle stage is unlike us purchasing Gu in bulk. This time, I struck when your competitors were caught off guard, but most important, it was because Shang Ya Zi who controlled the shops was gone, and there was no one managing the Shang clan shops. Without a firm leader, even if others wanted to interfere, they could not do so, and could only watch us earn this profit.”

“But an information business is different. To start this, not only do you have a great need for resources, you also need manpower and a huge network to assist you. Otherwise, your competitors will suppress and attempt to ruin your business. Our foundation is weak, we cannot afford any failed attempts. Once we invest in a business, it has to succeed. Thus, we need to make preparations.”

Shang Xin Ci’s expression turned solemn, nodding: “Brother Hei Tu, you are right. But it has only been a few years since I came to Shang clan city, I only have Xiao Die and Xiao Lan to help me. As for network, I barely have any contacts.”

Xiao Die was a servant she brought over from Zhang clan, she was loyal and now that she was nurtured as a Gu Master by Shang Xin Ci, she had decent aptitude of B grade.

As for Xiao Lan, she is a rank three healing Gu Master that Shang Yan Fei sent to assist Shang Xin Ci, she was reliable and trustworthy.

Fang Yuan laughed: “Xin Ci, don’t think too lowly of yourself. Shang Chi Wen who controls the battle stage has a good relationship with you.”

“We can relate to each other because we are girls. At the same time, an intel business helps her revenue, I believe she will not object.” Shang Xin Ci analyzed and said.

“Xin Ci, I said I’d help you get the young master position, I have my plans, and ample confidence of winning. No need to worry, just do what I say, there is a high chance of winning.” Fang Yuan reassured.

“I will listen to Brother Hei Tu’s instructions.” Shang Xin Ci laughed, replying with no hesitation.

Fang Yuan sat on the chair, his strategizing posture gave Shang Xin Ci a strong sense of security.

“Xin Ci, firstly, you have to recruit people. If you want to do this business, you need a large number of loyal subordinates. But before that, you need a manager. He needs to have rank three cultivation and must be able to hold his own, being experienced and capable at trading. I have already found such a person, his name is Zhou Quan, he was a shopkeeper under Shang Ya Zi.” Fang Yuan continued to plan.

Shang Xin Ci was slightly dejected: “Zhou Quan? I know him. But he is a rank three Gu Master, he is arrogant and proud. He was once Zhou clan’s clan leader, having rank four cultivation. But after there was an internal strife, and the clan got slaughtered by demonic Gu Masters, he escaped with heavy injuries, thus only having rank three upper stage cultivation left. He takes care of the shops and always has the best performance among all the other shopkeepers. But even Shang Ya Zi could not get his loyalty, such a person, I am afraid…”

Fang Yuan waved his hand: “How would you know if you don’t try? Xin Ci, you have to become confident, trust me, you have a unique charisma. In the future, many people will serve you willingly and fight for you. Zhou Quan is a difficult target, you might not succeed, but as long as you display your sincerity, your hard work will definitely pay off.”

“Yes, Brother Hei Tu, I will work hard!” Shang Xin Ci clenched her fists.

Fang Yuan nodded: “Good, then go ahead.”

Not longer after Shang Xin Ci left, Wei Yang arrived at Nan Qiu garden.

Fang Yuan attended to him at the lake pavilion: “I understand why brother Wei is here, please take a seat.”

Saying so, Fang Yuan poured Wei Yang a cup of tea.

Wei Yang laughed: “Brother Fang Zheng is wise, then please tell me about it.”

Fang Yuan used the three kings inheritance to earn a fortune, it was all because he had secret information about it in advance.

Shang Yan Fei was no fool, he immediately knew Fang Yuan possessed valuable information.

The three kings inheritance was the largest event for the last fifty to sixty years. Right now, it had affected the entire southern border, and attracted the attention of many forces. But because in the southern border’s mountain terrain, danger lurked everywhere, it was not easy to get to the inheritance ground. Even so, many clans, as long as they could, sent out their respective groups of Gu Masters.

The inheritance of three rank five Gu Masters, even the super-class Shang clan would be moved.

“My information came from Bai Gu mountain. Grey Bone Scholar had once explored the three kings inheritance grounds, and gathered some information. The truth is, the three kings inheritance ground they discovered now is an ancient Gu Master’s blessed land.” Fang Yuan answered in a half-truth manner.

His information was obviously not from Bai Gu mountain. But the information about the blessed land, it was true, he had confirmed it in his previous life.

“Blessed land?” Hearing this phrase, a brilliant light flashed across Wei Yang’s eyes.

Blessed land, blessed land, it is the land of blessings, the place of residence for Gu Masters after they become immortal.

In the blessed land, the scenery is like a drawing, having a unique atmosphere and large amounts of treasure and precious materials. The primeval essence inside is often dozens of times thicker and denser than the outside world.

A blessed land was an independent small world, a utopia, isolated from the world. The Gu Immortal rules the land, and anyone who lives in it can experience serenity and happiness.

“Brother Fang Zheng, are you serious?” Wei Yang’s tone became more anxious.

He had to be serious.

Rank five was mortal, rank six was immortal. Between rank five and six, there was a qualitative difference that made them world’s apart.

The inheritance of three rank five Gu Masters could only pique Shang clan’s interest. But if it involves the inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal, then all of the super clans in the southern border would go crazy over it!

The inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal was simply too valuable. It was so important that even those secluded rank six Gu Immortals would appear one after another!

Fang Yuan laughed: “I am not sure about the exact details, but in Grey Bone Scholar’s notes, that is what was written.”

He was not afraid of exposing this information earlier, because there was no bad consequences in doing so.

According to his memories, in just a few days, people will start to develop an understanding of this. Anyway, after a short period, Shang clan would also learn of this. He might as well tell Wei Yang in advance to earn their trust.

“Brother Wei, calm down. Although this is a blessed land left by a rank six Gu Immortal, it had long been degenerating. Right now, it is on the brink of collapsing. Back in the day, this blessed land was occupied by the three kings and they dug out all of the resources and treasures inside. Right now, the three kings used this blessed land to build their inheritances, causing the blessed land to feel even greater pressure. Eventually, it will face destruction, and vanish into thin air.” Fang Yuan said slowly.

“Oh, is that so?” Wei Yang blinked, as he rapidly processed the information.

“These were all recorded in Grey Bone Scholar’s notes, but to ensure my safety, I had already destroyed all these documents, I cannot show them to you.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.

“Brother, this is too big of a matter. It is not that I do not trust you, but I have to report to lord clan leader, and let him decide.” Wei Yang was solemn.

Fang Yuan expressed his understanding: “If Shang clan wants to send out an exploration team, I have some information here that might be helpful.”

Fang Yuan had some understanding of the things inside the inheritance.

“Haha, in that case, I cannot let you lose out. Give a price.” Wei Yang was in charge of Feng Yu manor, and controlled intel in the city.

Fang Yuan thought about it, and said four hundred thousand.

Wei Yang frowned: “For information on the inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal, four hundred thousand is… too little. But the reliability of the information has yet to be confirmed, I will pass you four hundred thousand first. After a while, when it is evaluated, no worries little brother, with your brother Wei here, you will not lose out.”

“I am assured by brother Wei’s words.” Fang Yuan laughed.

After getting this information, Shang Yan Fei paid great attention to it, sending three teams to San Cha mountain. Each team had at least three elders, it was a strong investment.

A few days later, Fang Yuan received the compensation from Wei Yang regarding the information.

The information he provided had helped Shang clan’s teams greatly, and avoided many deaths.

After getting the funds, Fang Yuan approached Li Ran.

Li Ran was a spy sent by Wu clan, right now he was inside third inner city battle stage, his identity was still a secret and nobody knew except Fang Yuan.

“I have some information about the three kings inheritance, I am sure your Wu clan would be interested.” Fang Yuan met with Li Ran in secret and immediately said.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 326: Nine Eyes Liquor Worm 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Days went by and with the news of the three kings inheritance, a time of unrest began at San Cha mountain.

Many formidable demonic Gu Masters, righteous Gu Masters and people of all occupations and goals rushed towards San Cha mountain.

At first, Shang clan controlled the situation, continually sending reinforcements and tyrannically occupying the inheritance entrances, displaying their determination towards obtaining this inheritance.

However, Wu clan moved and broke the blockade of Shang clan.

After that, news continued to spread. The fact that the site of three kings inheritance had been rank six Gu Immortal blessed land caused a huge uproar and countless people flocked towards San Cha mountain. Several other top ranked clans were also alarmed by the news and dispatched groups of formidable Gu Masters one after another.

With this, even Shang clan and Wu clan could not block the huge wave of people.

San Cha mountain fell into chaos.

There were casualties every day. To seize the chance to enter the inheritance, there were intense battles between righteous and demonic; demonic and demonic; righteous and righteous.

Every change in the situation in San Cha mountain affected the hearts of many people.

Fang Yuan was also paying close attention to this.

After the inheritance opened, close to a month had passed. Some people already gained some benefits in the inheritance, stimulating the passion of many others to explore the inheritance.

However, Fang Yuan did not care about these benefits. With the memories of his previous life, he knew that the true essence of three kings inheritance lied in the depths of the inheritance ground. There were at least a hundred barriers before one could reach there and it was a time and energy consuming process. Sometimes, people would be lost and trapped in fog, and not be able to find the exit. Sometimes, there would be attacks from dogs and many Gu Masters would die under these dogs’ sharp canine teeth.

The three kings were demonic Gu Masters; this was a demonic inheritance.

There were dangers lurking all over in demonic inheritances. In many cases, one needed to risk their lives to explore them.

“It is still too early to go to San Cha mountain, the time is not ripe yet. It is better to benefit from other’s efforts and preserve my strength. When they remove the barriers and clear the obstacles, that will be the time I seize the rewards. For now, I should refine Gu.” Fang Yuan had already made a plan.

The Gu he was going to refine this time was none other than liquor worm!

Rank one liquor worm could purify green copper primeval essence by a small realm. Rank two four flavors liquor worm could purify red steel primeval essence by a small realm. Rank three seven fragrances liquor worm could purify white silver primeval essence by a small realm. Rank four nine eyes liquor worm could purify yellow gold primeval essence by a small realm.

Rank five liquor worm, however, did not exist. The recipe grandmaster who researched liquor worm’s recipe had an outstanding talent, but he was killed by enemies when he was young and died prematurely.

Geniuses only represented a possibility.

There were many cases of geniuses who were killed before they matured.

However, the current Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing could already be said to have matured; killing them would not be easy.

After Fang Yuan fused liquor worm into four flavors liquor worm, he had not used it and had only been raising it.

It was because he had bone flesh unity Gu and Bai Ning Bing’s help that the four flavors liquor worm lost its worth. However, it was different now.

Bai Ning Bing was now rank four while Fang Yuan was rank three peak stage; he would also advance to rank four initial stage not long later. At that time, their cultivation would be the same.

The help that bone flesh unity Gu could offer to Fang Yuan would decrease by a lot. At that time, a rank four nine eyes liquor worm would make his cultivation speed faster.

Refine the nine eyes liquor worm!

While Shang Xin Ci was starting to recruit Zhou Quan, Fang Yuan chose to go into closed door cultivation to refine Gu.

Bai Ning Bing also chose to go into closed door cultivation, refining Gu secretly.

To refine four flavors liquor worm, two rank one liquor worms and wine of sour, sweet, bitter and spicy flavors were required. To refine seven fragrances liquor worm, two four flavors liquor worm and seven types of spices were required.

To refine nine eyes liquor worm, one needed two seven fragrances liquor worm and eyeballs of nine different hundred beast kings.

Right now, Fang Yuan was at Shang clan city and had a huge advantage. If it was at other places, he would have to spend large amounts of energy to search for materials to refine liquor worm. However, at Shang clan city, he could easily buy them as long as he had money.

Fang Yuan already possessed a four flavors liquor worm. He bought two liquor worms and fused them into the second four flavors liquor worm.

He then fused these two four flavors liquor worm into seven fragrances liquor worm.

The process till this stage was smoothly finished by him. However, he ran into difficulty while refining the second seven fragrances liquor worm.

While he was fusing the third four flavors liquor worm and the second seven fragrances liquor worm, the fusion failed. The primeval stones spent on it were all wasted. He had to buy the supplementary materials and restart it again.

Fortunately, fusing the two seven fragrances liquor worm was completely smoothly. Three days later, Fang Yuan obtained a nine eyes liquor worm.

Nine eyes liquor worm was like a silkworm and was pure white like a pearl. There were no eyes on its head, but rather it had nine colors that resembled eyes – red, orange, yellow, green, blue and so on – as if they were precious gems embedded on its body.

Nine eyes liquor worm could purify yellow gold primeval essence by a small realm!

Fang Yuan had spent a lot to refine it, his expenses almost reaching two hundred thousand primeval stones.

No Gu Masters could avoid failures in refining Gu. Fang Yuan might have failed many times, but his luck was pretty good.

His failures was all concentrated in the early stage of refining four flavors liquor worm and seven fragrances liquor worm. At the final juncture, he had succeeded in one try.

What Gu Master feared the most in refining Gu was failing at the latter stage. That kind of loss was disastrous.

“I have nine eyes liquor worm now.” Fang Yuan observed the Gu for a while before satisfiedly putting it into his aperture.

He was still only at rank three peak stage now and could not use the nine eyes liquor worm; he could only wait till he reached rank four before he used it.

Bai Ning Bing could use it.

However, yellow gold middle stage primeval essence had a strong cleansing effect towards the aperture walls. Bai Ning Bing possessed northern dark ice soul physique, and from what she said, her aptitude had already increased to ninety-six percent now. Nine eyes liquor worm would do more harm than good to her.

“When I reach rank four initial stage and use this nine eyes liquor worm, I will have yellow gold middle stage primeval essence. At that time, the quality of my primeval essence will, for the first time, surpass Bai Ning Bing.” Fang Yuan could sense he was not far from reaching rank four realm.

Although they had undergone a ‘vow’, he had never forgotten the danger called Bai Ning Bing.

————

Time passed day by day. A great demonic path figure appeared at San Cha mountain inheritance grounds after Kong Ri Tian.

He was Long Qing Tian, ‘one who had dyed the sky blue before’, a famous poison path Gu Master. When he appeared in the inheritance grounds, he killed three Shang clan elders with poison and gave a huge boost to the demonic path’s morale.

Fortunately, two days later, Wu clan sent the rank four Elder Wu Tong Shen to hold back Long Qing Tian. This brought back the situation in San Cha mountain to an equilibrium.

On Shang Xin Ci’s side, she, as expected, met setbacks when recruiting Zhou Quan and her progress was slow. Zhou Quan was proud and arrogant, his attitude did not ease even a little and his tone also seemed like he had no intentions to discuss.

After Fang Yuan succeeded in refining nine eyes liquor worm, he was putting all his energy in cultivating.

Because Bai Ning Bing was continuously supplying him with yellow gold primeval essence, his cultivation speed accelerated and was quickly approaching rank four realm.

However, these days, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed was also becoming faster and its pressure on Fang Yuan’s rank three aperture had become more obvious.

On this day, Shang clan city welcomed the Auspicious Festival.

This was Shang clan’s traditional festival, it was an important celebration that commemorated the ancestor, who founded Shang clan thousands of years ago, setting up a stall for the first time.

Shang clan’s first ancestor was a legendary figure.

He was originally a mortal who lived in poverty and made a livelihood by trading. On one certain transaction, he unexpectedly obtained a Gu Master’s inheritance token.

He relied on this token to inherit the legacy of the Gu Master and stepped into a whole new world. He moved forward steadily and step by step, his wealth and power expanded continuously until he finally founded Shang clan city.

Thus, on the day of the festival, Shang clan inner city was decorated with lanterns and colored banners. All large stores, brothels, restaurants and so on closed their business for the day. People were in a joyous mood and excitedly walked on the streets, setting up stalls. Men, women, old and young, all immersed in this lively atmosphere of the festival; on this day, buying and selling were treated as an interesting game.

However, the joyous atmosphere of the festival seemed to have no effect on Shang Xin Ci.

The young girl sat in front of a table with her beautiful brows in a slight frown as she looked at the several invitation cards on the table with melancholy.

These invitation cards all came from the nine young masters.

During Auspicious Festival, the young masters would hold grand banquets, inviting people of all sides and reward them.

“Big Brother Hei Tu, what should I do?” Shang Xin Ci was in a dilemma and subconsciously looked at Fang Yuan for guidance.

“Xin Ci, our sales have tripled your hundred thousand capital and you are now one of the most popular candidate to win the young master competition. They will naturally invite you to participate.”

Fang Yuan smiled and continued: “However, we can only choose one of these nine invitations. On the surface, this looks like a joyous and harmonious banquet, but it is actually a political move to determine where you stand.”

Fang Yuan explained the deep political meaning behind these invitations.

Shang clan only had ten young masters, there were alliance between these ten young masters and also internal conflicts.

Shang Xin Ci was competing for the young master position and was also one of the most popular candidates. Naturally, the nine young masters paid close attention to her. Shang Xin Ci had yet to become a young master but they were already trying to rope her in.

One had to make compromises in this world.

To be part of Shang clan’s higher-up, one could not avoid being engulfed by the political whirlpool.

“Should I choose Shang Chi Wen’s invitation? After all, she is in charge of battle stage and will be a great help to our later plans.” Shang Xin Ci voiced out.

Fang Yuan shook his head: “It looks like there are nine invitations, but actually that is not the case. The biggest power among Shang clan young masters is Shang Qiu Niu who is the eldest son of the first wife and thus has the greatest advantage. Second faction is the alliance of Shang Pu Lao, Shang Suan Ni and Shang Bi Xi; this faction is currently in the limelight. Third faction is the alliance of Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi who are currently biding their time. Among the rest, Shang Chi Wen does not have any ambitions while Shang Pi Xiu is too playful…”

“Xin Ci, your foundation in Shang clan city is too weak. If you are going to choose, you need to choose between these three factions to make up for your weakness. As for Shang Chi Wen, there won’t be much of a difference whether you choose her or not.”

“So it was like this…” Shang Xin Ci’s eyes brightened as she listened.

Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, she felt like she had dispelled the fog around her and was looking at the clear sky.

The bewilderment she was feeling earlier was swept away. She thought a little and made her choice.

She chose the third faction, Shang Chao Feng’s invitation.

“Among the three factions, the first and second faction are competing against each other; I will definitely be offending the other if I choose one of them. It is better to choose the third faction and enter this political whirlpool, but still stay out of it for the time being.” Shang Xin Ci explained to Fang Yuan.

Shang Xin Ci immediately understood with her high intelligence.

Fang Yuan was happy at this but also felt a little irony.

In his previous life, Shang Chao Feng and Shang Xin Ci fought and contended for Shang clan leader’s position. To think that in this life, these two arch-enemies would instead choose to walk together.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Little brother here toasts to big brother.” Shang Yi Fan stood up and bent his back while raising a cup of wine with a smile.

There were splendid lights all over the hall; singing and dancing were being performed, and traditional music flowed to everyone’s ears. Everyone was enjoying the feast and the atmosphere was intense.

“Good.” Shang Qiu Niu was standing on the main seat. He raised a cup of wine towards Shang Yi Fan and downed the wine in one gulp.

Shang Qiu Niu’s advisor spoke, “Master Yi Fan, choosing to participate in young master Qiu Niu’s banquet is no doubt a sensible decision. Do not worry, my young master will not treat you unfairly.”

“Eldest brother Qiu Niu has always been my role model. In truth, I have always been wanting to get closer to eldest brother and learn many things under you.” Shang Yi Fan smiled.

Shang Qiu Niu was head of the first major faction among the current young masters and he happened to have deep relation with Shang Yi Fan’s mother’s side. If Shang Xin Ci chose Shang Qiu Niu’s side, she was certain to be pushed aside by Shang Yi Fan.

However, Shang Qiu Niu had already taken the initiative to send an invitation to Shang Xin Ci.

He would definitely be happy if Shang Xin Ci came.

Why?

Because on Shang Xin Ci’s side were Fang and Bai, two great rank four experts.

This was something no other young master had, and many were envious of this.

“Young master, subordinate has inquired, that Shang Xin Ci went to …” At this moment, a Gu Master entered the hall and whispered to Shang Qiu Niu’s ear with his waist bent.

Shang Qiu Niu’s gaze turned slightly gloomy when he got the information.

Shang Yi Fan cautiously observed Shang Qiu Niu’s expression and pondered, “Looks like Shang Xin Ci didn’t choose eldest brother’s faction, did she go to Shang Pu Lao’s faction?”

Shang Qiu Niu had already experienced a lot of things, thus his feelings did not show clearly on his face. His expression also had no change, so Shang Yi Fan could only guess without any clues.

However, a short while later, Shang Yi Fan also received the news. Shang Xin Ci had accepted the invitation to participate in Shang Chao Feng’s festival banquet.

This signified she chose Shang Chao Feng’s faction.

Shang Yi Fan could not help but be secretly delighted immediately upon receiving the news, “Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi might be the third faction but they have been pressured from the start, how could they be Eldest Brother Qiu Niu’s match? I have now even more chance to take the young master position!”

However, the old steward Zhang shook his head, his expression heavy, “Master, young master Qiu Niu’s faction and young master Pu Lao’s faction are locked in a fight. I am afraid the possibility of master borrowing the help of young master Qiu Niu to deal with Shang Xin Ci is not very big.”

“This…”

“At this critical moment, young master Qiu Niu cannot afford to make another enemy. Shang Xin Ci’s choice is clever. She has avoided the political whirlpool and managed to watch from the sidelines for the moment. By the time the two factions resolve their issues, the competition for the young master position will already be over.”

“Shang Xin Ci has two great rank four experts, any faction she chooses will readily accept her and make an alliance. Young master Shang Chao Feng will definitely help her.”

Old steward Zhang gave an incisive analysis of the situation.

“That is to say, even though I joined Shang Qiu Niu’s faction, I still can’t deal with Shang Xin Ci?” Shang Yi Fan’s expression became unsightly.

“I can only say that we cannot borrow Shang Qiu Niu’s strength.” Old steward Zhang stroked his grizzled beard, ” However, Shang Xin Ci’s problem is also not small. The most important thing is that she still lacks capable manpower. I heard that she has been trying to recruit Zhou Quan. Hmph, how can that even be possible?”

Old steward sneered and continued, “Zhou Quan was once a clan leader; he is proud and arrogant, and his ability is ten times of mine. How would it be possible for such a man to attach himself to this inexperienced little girl? I have already secretly mobilized people to create all kinds of rumors and slanders. Zhou Quan cares for his reputation very much, and the rumors have already prevented him from joining Shang Xin Ci. Shang Xin Ci is trying to recruit Zhou Quan secretly, but by failing to do so, she will lose a lot of her prestige and will have a disadvantageous beginning; she might even become a laughing stock. Hehehe…”

When he reached the end of his words, steward Zhou started laughing evilly.

Shang Chao Feng’s study was arranged in a simple fashion; there was a wide stone table and wide backed stone chairs which gave a boorish and strong aura.

Just as Shang Yi Fan and old steward Zhang were talking, Shang Chao Feng, Shang Xin Ci along with Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were also discussing something.

This discussion had already continued on for a while.

In truth, Shang Chao Feng was somewhat surprised at Shang Xin Ci joining his side.

He had thought Shang Xin Ci would join Shang Qiu Niu or Shang Pu Lao. His own faction was only ranked third and they were currently just watching from the sidelines while accumulating their strength. In normal times, they were very low key and would choose to retreat when there were problems or contradictions. They had never thought they could obtain Shang Xin Ci’s interest.

Shang Xin Ci’s cultivation was only at rank one, while her aptitude was worse and she had almost no foundation in Shang clan city.

However, she had Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

These were two great rank four powers; even Shang Yan Fei when he was a young master, did not have such experts with him.

To be able to have two such experts under her, there were no young masters who did not feel envious.

Shang Chao Feng had also naturally sighed inwardly at Shang Xin Ci’s luck.

Now, if he accepted Shang Xin Ci, he could indirectly obtain Fang and Bai’s help. This was a temptation Shang Chao Feng could not refuse.

The atmosphere in the study was harmonious.

In the talk just earlier, Shang Chao Feng already sincerely expressed his intention to whole-heartedly support Shang Xin Ci in the young master competition.

“Sister Xin Ci, you have already earned three hundred thousand primeval stones from selling Gu worms. We can say that you are at the top currently, but just three hundred thousand is far from enough. What do you plan on doing next?”

Shang Chao Feng then added, “Just say it and I will help you to the best of my abilities.”

Shang Xin Ci glanced at Fang Yuan; Fang Yuan faintly nodded his head.

She then said honestly, “I won’t hide it from Big Brother Chao Feng, I am thinking of doing information-gathering business.”

“Information-gathering business?” Shang Chao Feng could not help but raise his brows.

“Yes.” Shang Xin Ci started to explain her plan in detail.

Who knew Shang Chao Feng’s expression would change and shake his head after hearing it, “You want to do information-gathering business regarding the battle stage? It is not suitable, not suitable.”

He said ‘not suitable’ twice, expressing his clear disagreement with Shang Xin Ci’s plan.

“Ah, what could be wrong about it? Please teach me Big Brother Chao Feng,” Shang Xin Ci said in a sincere voice.

“Xin Ci, I urge you to change this plan. You are a newcomer and so you aren’t clear about it, it is understandable. You should not bump about with the battle stage randomly.”

Shang Chao Feng heaved a sigh and continued, “Shang clan city’s battle stage is different from other clans’ battle stage. Here, demonic Gu Masters can become our Shang clan’s external elders. This is a policy exclusive to our Shang clan and we have been able to obtain many talents from this. At present, there are five great elders in Shang clan, among which three are external elders.”

“However, this policy has both advantage and disadvantage. The greater the benefits, the higher the chance of malpractice. External elders are the higher ups of our Shang clan, and if some trouble enters through it, it will be a great disaster to our Shang clan. Demonic Gu Masters are after all demonic Gu Masters, and even if they change and become righteous, their loyalty can still be questioned. At the same time, besides the demonic Gu Masters, there are also those righteous path clans with unfathomable motives. Thus, Shang clan’s battle stage is the place which has always been attached with the most importance by Shang clan higher-ups.”

“There was once a young master who suddenly got an inspiration to start a betting house for the battle stage’s matches. The result was that he earned five hundred thousand primeval stones after just two days of opening the betting house. However, on the third day, the betting house was closed down and the young master was demoted and exiled. This is the best warning that shows that the battle stage cannot be touched randomly.”

Shang Chao Feng spoke of a story only known to insiders.

This information was something Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci did not know.

Fang Yuan might have the memories of his previous life, but it was normal to not know of this small secret historical incident about the Shang clan’s internal affairs, even more so when it was closed down so fast.

The battle stage was a forbidden zone. That young master touched this place and lost his young master position and was even exiled from the clan.

At present, Shang Xin Ci was still not a young master but had a plan towards the battle stage. This made Shang Chao Feng realize that ignorance was truly blissful.

“Xin Ci, your plan is a new approach and you have thought of it properly. If it is done, you will definitely make large amount of profits every day. However, the possibility is too low, don’t take your own future prospects as a joke. I am in charge of the Gu battle zone and your thirteenth brother is in charge of the auction sites; you can lend us a hand in this field and will be able to go head to head against Shang Yi Fan.” Shang Chao Feng gently persuaded.

Shang Xin Ci was silent.

Bai Ning Bing furrowed her brows.

The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile and he was about to speak, but after taking a glance at Shang Xin Ci, he changed his decision and swallowed up the words that were just about to come out of his throat.

For a moment, the atmosphere in the study room had become heavy.

After quite a while of intense pondering, Shang Xin Ci suddenly smiled: “Big Brother Chao Feng, I have a different viewpoint regarding the battle stage. This is well worth doing!”

“Huh?” Shang Chao Feng frowned and fixed his gaze at Shang Xin Ci.

Under the pressure from Shang Chao Feng’s gaze, Shang Xin Ci instead smiled and showed her confident look.

She continued, “The young master before failed after opening the betting house, he was like a moth attracted to fire and was looking for his own doom. His punishment was only by being expelled from the clan; this can be considered merciful from our Shang clan. Why?”

In the study, only Shang Xin Ci’s gentle voice continued to sound out.

“Like Big Brother Chao Feng said, our Shang clan’s battle stage is of the highest importance and has been extremely guarded by the higher ups. Opening a betting house for battle stage to earn huge money will likely give rise to people who will manipulate the battle stage’s result from behind the scenes. This will greatly wreck the Shang clan’s external elder policy. It looks like one can make enormous profits from the betting house, but to the Shang clan’s battle stage, it is a very large vermin. Sacrificing Shang clan’s benefits to fill oneself, such actions definitely need to be eliminated and only then can it let the battle stage continue to mature.”

Shang Chao Feng continuously nodded his head; Shang Xin Ci’s words were incisive and had a type of aura that made people want to have faith in it.

 “But the information business I want to do has a completely different nature from the betting house. I know Shang clan’s biggest information organization Feng Yu manor has always been investigating into the demonic Gu Masters at the battle stage. They must investigate properly, to know whether these demonic Gu Masters harbor evil intentions. However, these investigation are done in secret and never openly. Why?”

“Hehe. This is because most of the demonic Gu Masters are filled with distrust, doubts and even are overly suspicious. They live in danger all year round in a situation where their life hangs on a thread, so the mental pressure on them is so great that they cannot even relax a bit. And if they were investigated after coming to Shang clan city, they would definitely react badly and be filled with hatred. If Shang clan wants to absorb even more and even better talents, they naturally can’t investigate openly. However, not investigating is even more impossible and the clan cannot be at ease.”

“In this situation, I am going to do information-gathering business. I am going to investigate every Gu Master’s general strength, Gu worms and battle achievements, and sell this information. At the same time, I will be requesting experts and authority to forecast the results of important matches and make a ranking. This will be very important information to the Gu Masters participating in the battle stage. Many Gu Masters wish to obtain an external elder’s position and they hope for more fame, and also wish to see their names on the rankings.”

“These information will naturally not touch upon secret matters and will only be a summary and comparison of the strength showed by the Gu Masters. To demonic Gu Masters on the battle stage, this will be a great help. At the same time, this will allow the Shang clan to strengthen their grasp more on the battle stage. I think my lord father will definitely be happy about this, why would he suppress such a thing?”

Shang Xin Ci finished explaining her reason and looked at Shang Chao Feng with a smile.

At this moment, her eyes were burning bright with wisdom and confidence, displaying unlimited elegance.

Bai Ning Bing’s brows had also smoothed out.

“This is it…” Fang Yuan inwardly smiled.

Shang Chao Feng slightly opened his mouth, looking at Shang Xin Ci with a stupefied expression.

After several seconds, he came back to his senses and could not help applauding and praising her, “Good point, your analysis is brilliant. Sister Xin Ci, you have a truly unique vision, a pure heart and spirit, I can’t help but admire you. I will definitely help you with all my strength for this business. You lack manpower now, I can give you people from my side! You can have as many as you want!”

Shang Xin Ci shook her head, “Thank you Big Brother Chao Feng, but I have already made my choice regarding the manpower.”

Shang Chao Feng looked like he wanted to help Shang Xin Ci on the surface by sending people, but actually, he wanted to place his own people to control this information-gathering business and also strengthen his control over Shang Xin Ci.

However, Shang Xin Ci immediately saw through it and tactfully refused.

Not all help comes with good intentions.

However, Shang Chao Feng was not willing to let it go; the information-gathering business he was avoiding so much earlier had become a rich treasure right now.

He continued to persuade: “Sister Xin Ci, I know you have been trying to recruit Zhou Quan recently, but this person is very proud and contemptuous. Shang Qiu Niu had personally tried to recruit him before, but was refused and was even reprimanded with the words: ‘an inexperienced junior dares to recruit me, a hundred year old man?’.”

Zhou Quan was now already over a hundred years old, and would not willingly submit to someone, especially a junior.

Shang Chao Feng was not optimistic about Shang Xin Ci recruiting Zhou Quan.

Zhou Quan had the ability and was also recognized for it, but he was too arrogant.

“Let’s take a step back and say that you managed to recruit Zhou Quan. What can one man do? You still don’t have middle and lower level subordinates. These people also must have some ability, most importantly they should be loyal to you. Establishing such force requires time, a long time. With subordinates that you don’t feel at ease, even if you do this information-gathering business, it might very well be destroyed by Shang Yi Fan and he can even steal your gains.” Shang Chao Feng might have his own intentions but his words were very reasonable.

Shang Xin Ci’s beautiful brows could not help but furrow when she heard it.

“Regarding this… young master Chao Feng does not need to worry. I already have a plan.” At this time, Fang Yuan suddenly spoke.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Is that so.” Shang Chao Feng replied curtly.

Fang Yuan had personally rejected his proposal for Shang Xin Ci, he could not force them.

Fang Yuan had defeated Ju Kai Bei, had rank three peak stage cultivation but his actual fighting strength was rank four. At the same time he had the purple thorn token, and was an esteemed guest in Shang clan. Because of all these, Shang Chao Feng had already been showing goodwill towards Fang and Bai.

But he was scoffing in his heart.

“Hmph, trying to establish a force. It needs time, how can they succeed instantly? Nevermind, I’ll let you guys learn from mistakes. When you fail, I will come out and help you, I would be able to earn more then.” Shang Chao Feng contemplated, but he still smiled warmly.

The two discussed for a while more, before Shang Chao Feng sent Shang Xin Ci and the others personally to the exit.

To outsiders, this was an obvious political signal.

After saying bye to Shang Chao Feng, Shang, Fang, and Bai walked onto the streets.

Today was the Auspicious Festival, most of the shops were closed, and two rows small temporary stalls were on the two sides of the road.

“Come, come, come, sour and sweet candied fruits!”

“Let me tell you, this old jade was passed down by my ancestors…”

“Selling rice, selling rice, a bag of five fragrance oil rice for half a primeval stone.”

The small stalls were situated one after another, selling all sorts of things. The two rows spread out as far as the eye could see, as people squeezed about as they tried to buy things, while others watched in a circle, some were bargaining and some were looking around.

The Auspicious Festival was held once a year, be it Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing or Shang Xin Ci, they were not foreign to it.

“Counting the days, we have already been in Shang clan city for nearly three years.” Shang Xin Ci suddenly said in an emotional tone.

“Too many things had happened in the last few years.” She sighed, continuing: “If it was before, I would never have guessed I would be Shang clan leader’s daughter.”

Next, Shang Xin Ci looked at Fang Yuan, smiling slightly, showing her pure white teeth: “If it was not for Brother Hei Tu, I would not have made it this far.”

Towards Fang and Bai, Shang Xin Ci always felt extremely grateful to them.

Bai Ning Bing looked speechlessly, the corner of her eyes twitching.

“Indeed, I did not think your father would be the famous Shang Yan Fei! But, it was fate that I saved you. People come and go, that is natural in this world.” Fang Yuan looked ahead as he answered.

Shang Xin Ci’s expression changed, she understood what he meant: “Brother Hei Tu, you are going to leave Shang clan city?”

“That’s right. Soon, I will have to leave Shang clan city with Bai Ning Bing, heading towards San Cha mountain.” Fang Yuan said.

Shang Xin Ci gritted her teeth, she wanted to tell him to stay, but she did not say it in the end.

She had spent a lot of time with Fang Yuan, although they never talked about it, she could feel the ambitions in his heart.

This man’s ambition was too great, a place like Shang clan city could not hold him.

“But there is no need to worry. Before I leave, I will make you a young master, and make sure you sit there securely.” Fang Yuan laughed: “Let’s go, I’ll bring you to recruit some subordinates. Today, let’s complete the foundation for your future force.”

“What, brother Hei Tu, you have ideal candidates already?” Shang Xin Ci asked in surprise.

Organising a force takes a very long time.

It takes years of nurturing to obtain loyal subordinates.

Fang Yuan’s tone made Shang Xin Ci feel that loyal and capable subordinates were like cabbage, easily found in the market.

On what basis was he so confident and assured?

Not just Shang Xin Ci, even Bai Ning Bing was curious.

“Just follow me.” Fang Yuan walked ahead, leading the way.

After many twists and turns, they finally arrived at a small alley.

In the middle of a lantern shop and silk shop, there was a small stall.

Fang Yuan walked towards the front of this stall.

Behind the stall, there was a young man lying down.

This young man wore tattered clothes as he leaned on the wall, his eyes half-closed, in a dazed expression as his complexion was poor. He looked like he was drunk, and had completely given up on life.

“Is this young man the person brother Hei Tu is looking for?” Shang Xin Ci analyzed.

Bai Ning Bing used her sharp instincts to assess this man. Although he was a Gu Master, he only had rank one middle stage cultivation, from his appearance, he was not young already, but only had this cultivation, it was pathetic.

“Hi brother, what do you want to buy… oh, Lord Fang Zheng!” The young man sensed people and opened his eyes, but halfway through his words, he showed shock and fluster.

Fang Yuan was now a famous person in Shang clan city, without concealing his appearance, many people could recognise him.

“Lord Bai… Bai Ning Bing.” Immediately after, he recognised Bai Ning Bing, and he stammered.

Although he did not know Shang Xin Ci, from her Gu Master aura and her beautiful appearance, he felt dazed.

“This is ten primeval stones, I am buying everything here, you can leave now.” Fang Yuan tossed a bag of primeval stones.

The young man’s face showed joy and exhilaration.

But next, he was slightly hesitant.

The stuff he was selling here were the things his grandfather left behind. From his appraisal, all these were scrap and trash, there was nothing valuable.

But why, why did Lord Fang Zheng want to buy them? Was there really a treasure among them?

If there were treasures, would it not be a loss if he sold them?

Just when he was still pondering, Fang Yuan already tossed the primeval stones to him.

“What are you thinking about? You didn’t listen to what I said? Hmph, it is your honor that I wanted to buy these. You can scram now, if you don’t, you will not have the chance to leave this place.” Fang Yuan threatened.

The young man was scared until he trembled.

He stammered as he shivered: “Lord… Lord Fang Zheng, you cannot do this. In business, we emphasize on will… willingness. You cannot forcefully buy them like this, you are someone with great reputation… and this is Shang clan city…”

Smack.

Fang Yuan gave him a tight slap and this young man fell on the ground.

“Scram.” Fang Yuan declared, using an icy gaze to look at this young man, speaking emotionlessly.

The young man held his face as he trembled under the great fear. He raised his head to look at Fang Yuan, but immediately looked away when he made contact with the abyss-like pupils. He fumbled his way out of the alley silently immediately after.

“Brother Hei Tu…” Shang Xin Ci looked at his background, her conscience unable to stand it.

Bai Ning Bing was expressionless, completely unmoved.

“Xin Ci, I am a demonic Gu Master, I have my ways of doing things, I emphasize on straightforwardness.” Fang Yuan explained casually in a righteous tone.

The surrounding stall owners looked towards him.

He gave a sweeping glance, and everyone looked away, afraid to make eye contact.

If it was Fang Yuan in the past, he would have to control himself and use coaxing, lying methods to buy the item in the stall peacefully.

But now, his strength had surged, and his status was much higher, thus he can use the most direct method. It saves energy and time, why not do this?

 People from the righteous path loved their reputation, and liked showing off their ‘kindness’, often doing good deeds for the weak.

But Fang Yuan was not righteous, he was from the demonic path.

Since ancient times, big fish eats small fish, small fish eats shrimps, this was the law of the jungle, the survival of the fittest.

Demonic cultivators were used to tearing apart flesh and blood, devouring them whole. Righteous cultivators however, will shed crocodile tears while they ate, claiming that they had no choice.

Many stupid people will fall for their deception. Or maybe they were lying to themselves, unwilling to accept the cruel reality.

Hehe.

The truth is, eating will be eating.

Usurper eats the usurped, invader eats the invaded, the strong eats the weak, the suppressor eats the suppressed, the higher-ups eat the lower levels…

All livings beings eat, if not, they would not survive. It is just that they have different eating habits.

Fang Yuan chased that stall owner away and lowered his body, picking a token from among the items in the stall.

This token was made of black steel, ugly and dirty, with half a piece remaining. There were words carved on it but after so long, and without the other half of its body, the words could not be discerned.

But Fang Yuan knew this word was ‘Fan’.

Three hundred years ago, a demonic Gu Master was heavily injured and fell into the water, eventually saved by a young lady who was at the river.

The young girl was very kind, after saving the demonic Gu Master, she placed him in the shed and gave him food to eat daily.

After the demonic Gu Master recovered, to thank her kindness, he made a black steel token, carving a ‘Fan’ word.

He split the token into two, giving half to the girl while keeping the other half himself.

Before the demonic Gu Master left, he instructed the girl: In future, if you have any difficulties, you can go the Dan Huo mountain’s Gui Ku cave, and find me for help. Even after you pass away, this promise will still be effective to the future owner of the half-token.

The young girl engraved his words into her heart, but after less than fifty years, there was a huge battle on Dan Huo mountain, and the volcano erupted, destroying Gui Ku cave. That demonic Gu Master was captured by Tie clan and thrown into the demon suppression tower.

This half-token lost its use after that. It was passed around by the young girl’s descendants.

Because it involved the demonic path, when the young girl died of old age, she did not reveal the secret to her children, bringing this information to her grave.

The young girl’s descendants were chased away by the clan, and eventually settled down in Shang clan city, as the lineage declined. Descendants were untalented and unfilial, after several generations, only this young man remained.

This young man was spoiled from young, having a ‘young master’ temper, and loved to gamble, drink, and visit prostitutes. After his parents died, he would rely on selling his family assets from time to time to survive.

But one time, during the auspicious market festival, his life changed.

Three brothers who were demonic Gu Masters came here to shop, and accidentally found the half-token displayed in the stall.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 329: Three brothers of Xiong clan 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The three instantly became overjoyed, taking out the other half of the token and formed the whole token on the spot.

So it turns out, the demonic Gu Master back then had his descendants too. Before he was arrested by Tie clan, he instructed his descendants, to remember this incident and, if possible in the future, repay that kindness.

The three brothers were descendants of this demonic Gu Master, after seeing this token, they immediately explained the matter to this young stall owner, asking him if he needed any help; they would do their best to assist him.

This young man was very crafty.

He immediately replied, he lacked three subordinates and there was nobody around to help him.

The three brothers glanced at each other, before kneeling down together, promising that they would serve the young man for twenty years.

They would listen to all of his orders for twenty years, but after that, they would be free.

These three brothers were famous in the battle stage, they each had rank three cultivation, and were most skilled in multi battles.

The young man relied on the strength of the three brothers, living the next twenty years in luxury. During the period, he asked the three brothers to get food, water, primeval stones for him, and they acceded to all of his requests.

But after twenty years, the three brothers repaid the favor and left. He had long forgotten how to work, and was too ashamed to beg, in fact, he did not even restrain himself, continuing to live like a king. Less than half a month later, he died.

Of course, all these happened in Fang Yuan’s previous life.

At the moment, the three demonic Gu masters have not found the half-token yet. And this token was already in Fang Yuan’s hands. As for that young man,who cares if he dies?

According to his memories, this half-token would only be discovered by the three demonic Gu Master brothers next year.

But now that Fang Yuan held the half-token, he brought Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci to find them directly.

The three brothers also opened a stall before their home, enjoying the festive mood and were having fun.

“Ah? It is Lord Fang Zheng! And Lord Bai Ning Bing.” Seeing Fang and Bai, the three quickly got up.

They had all been thrashed by Fang Yuan or Bai Ning Bing before in the battle stage.

In this world, strength was everything, even more so for demonic Gu Masters. Bai Ning Bing had rank four cultivation, while Fang Yuan defeated Ju Kai Bei, there was no demonic Gu Master who did not respect the two.

“I am here today to find the three of you.” Fang Yuan observed the three brothers emotionlessly.

These three brothers all had the surname Xiong.

The eldest was called Xiong Tu, shortest among the three, humble and honest. He was an earth path rank three upper stage Gu Master.

Second was Xiong Huo, wearing a sleeveless shirt and shorts, his body was bright red. He was a fire path rank three middle stage Gu Master.

The youngest was Xiong Feng, wearing a bamboo hat, having sharp tiny eyes, and enjoys squinting when he looks at people. He was a wind path rank three initial stage Gu Master.

Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, the three brothers became uneasy.

Xiong Tu quickly cupped his fist, greeting Fang Yuan: “Lord Fang Zheng, may I know what is the issue? If my brothers had offended you unknowingly, I apologise to you here.”

Fang Yuan frowned slightly: “I’m sure you’ve heard, I had given up on the battle stage to assist Shang Xin Ci in becoming a young master. We are lacking manpower over here, I want all three of you to join us.”

“This…” The three Xiong clan brothers frowned.

They came to Shang clan city and entered the battle stage for only one reason: to become Shang clan’s external elder.

But now that Fang Yuan wanted them to assist Shang Xin Ci, it was very different from their goals. Shang Xin Ci was just an inexperienced girl, and only had rank one cultivation with poor aptitude. The three of them all had B grade aptitude, and their combination strike could temporarily match a rank four Gu Master.

Asking them to go under Shang Xin Ci and be her subordinate, the three brothers were unwilling.

If others said this, the three brothers would have attacked already, beating the guy to a pulp. But it was Fang Yuan who said it, causing the three to be in a difficult position.

Fang Yuan had defeated Ju Kai Bei in a battle, they had watched it personally, even if they joined forces, they could not defeat Fang Yuan.

“Fang Zheng is here with ill-intention.”

“He is obviously trying to forcefully subdue us!”

“Sigh, what bad luck to have been targeted by Fang Zheng. All three of us cannot defeat him, and he even has Bai Ning Bing beside him. Moreover, the purple thorn token…”

The three brothers looked at each other, knowing each other’s emotions. The three of them were unwilling, but circumstances forced their hand, they could only choose to give in.

But Fang Yuan suddenly said: “I do not wish to force you, come if you are willing to, if not, I will not force you.”

The three brothers glanced at each other, unsure if Fang Yuan was speaking the truth, or just trying to act graceful.

But Xiong Feng who was the youngest, was the most daring, as he said carefully: “Lord Fang Zheng, to speak the truth, we are used to freedom. We do not want to be involved in Shang clan’s young master competition. Thus, thus…”

The other two smiled meekly, as they bowed towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing apologetically.

“Oh?” Fang Yuan’s brows raised, as a cold light shot out of his eyes: “The three of you are really daring, you dare to reject my invitation?”

The three brothers’ heart thumped.

Xiong Tu quickly cupped his fists, explaining in a hurry: “That is not the case, that is not the case. Lord Fang Zheng, please do not misunderstand, it is our honor to have received your invitation. My brother was too nervous, he did not know what he was saying. Actually what he wanted to say was, we would be glad to go under Lady Shang Xin Ci’s wing.”

“Yes, yes, that was what I meant.” Xiong Feng continued.

“Hehe, in that case, I am assured. The three of you are so eager, Xin Ci, accept them.” Fang Yuan turned around, saying to Shang Xin Ci.

Beside him, Bai Ning Bing frowned. Forcing them to join like this, he would not get their loyalty, such a distant subordinate, what use would it be?

Shang Xin Ci had the same worry, but she still chose to believe Fang Yuan. She took a step forward, saying to the three brothers: “From now on, please work hard.”

“Yes.”

“The three brothers of Xiong clan pays respect to Lady Xin Ci.”

The three cupped their fists and bowed, replying listlessly.

“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed.

The three brothers thought: This Fang Zheng is too despicable, leading the life of a whore but still expecting a monument praising chastity 1 . Speaking in a righteous manner but acting like a despicable crook.

“That’s right, I forgot something, take a good look.” Fang Yuan stopped laughing, and took out a half-token, tossing it to Xiong Tu.

Xiong Tu caught it subconsciously.

“What is this?” The other two brothers glanced curiously.

But immediately, the three brothers were stunned.

“This, this is?!” The calm and stable Xiong Tu cried out.

Xiong Huo grabbed the token, inspecting it closely.

Xiong Feng also understood what happened, as he urged his brother Xiong Tu: “Brother, quickly take out our token.”

Under Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci’s weird gaze, Xiong Tu took out the other half of the token.

The two half-tokens perfectly fit into one, and a illusionary fire started to burn on the token.

“This, this is real!” Xiong clan’s three brothers stared with wide-opened eyes.

Xiong Tu held the token with shivering arms.

“What is going on?” Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci had no clue what was happening.

“The three brothers of Xiong clan, did you really think I came here without a reason? Why are you hesitating?” Fang Yuan spoke at an appropriate moment.

His words woke them up.

“Grandfather once said, no matter who the token’s owner was, even if it was an enemy, we have to repay the kindness from back then!”

“That’s right, although grandfather is trapped, we cannot ruin his reputation.”

“From now on, Lady Shang Xin Ci is our new master. But, only for twenty years. Twenty years is sufficient to repay the debt.”

The three brothers discussed among themselves quickly.

Next, all three of them kneeled on one knee in front of Shang Xin Ci, cupping their fists.

“Xiong Tu, Xiong Huo, Xiong Feng, the three brothers greets Lady Xin Ci!” They shouted loudly, with a different tone from before, filled with drive and excitement.

“Brother Hei Tu, what is happening?” Shang Xin Ci found out that they were sincerely joining her, and felt extremely curious.

Fang Yuan snickered: “It is a long story. We will talk about it next time, now, let’s go recruit some more members.”

The gang of six arrived at the slave market.

In the world, there was slave trade. Any strong or affluent first-class clan, or super clan, would engage in slave business.

Shang clan’s slave trade was handled by the head of the five clan elders, Shang Bu Li personally.

Slave trade was too profitable, the higher-ups were not confident of letting an external elder handle it. In history, only Shang clansmen were in charge of it.

Fang Yuan had planned early on, and investigated clearly. He walked ahead, leading the way, quickly arriving at a cage.

Within the cage, there were many people.

“Lady Xin Ci, Lord Fang Zheng, Lord Bai Ning Bing, are you here to purchase slaves? If that is the case, I do not advise you to buy the people inside this cage.” A Gu master in charge of handling business quickly came over.

“Oh? What is that so?” Shang Xin Ci asked.

“Lady Xin Ci does not know, these people are from Wei clan. Wei clan had a political uprising some time ago, and Wei clan leader was overthrown by his younger brother. The people inside this cage are from the previous clan leader’s faction. They are being sold now by the current Wei clan leader.” The Gu Master answered.

Xin Ci immediately understood why he advised them not to buy these slaves.

Wei clan was a first-class clan. Although it was smaller than Shang clan, it was still a famous clan in the southern border.

Wei clan’s political turbulence was said to be supported by Shang Yan Fei. The current Wei clan leader even sent the clansmen to Shang clan as hostage. Many Wei clan elders also secretly transferred their assets to Shang clan.

Wei clan could be said to be Shang clan’s puppet already.

For Shang Xin Ci who was competing to become Shang clan young master, these people were trouble.

But Fang Yuan quickly said: “We are buying these people.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“This… Lord Fang Zheng, are you certain on buying them?” The Gu Master in charge hesitated.

“Why, are you doubting my decision?” Fang Yuan gave him a plain glance.

This Gu Master laughed, he was a Shang clansmen, he was not afraid of Fang Yuan like the Xiong clan brothers.

“I wouldn’t dare, I wouldn’t dare.” He cupped his fists, turning to Shang Xin Ci: “If I am not wrong, Lord Fang is buying these slaves to act as subordinates for Lady Xin Ci. But they are really bad news for those competing for the young master position. Lady Xin Ci, you are so intelligent, what do you think?”

Shang Xin Ci’s eyes were focused on Fang Yuan, she smiled and replied : “Brother Hei Tu’s decision is my decision. Just do as he says.”

“Is that so.” The Gu Master in charge was stunned, before smiling: “Since Lady Xin Ci says so, I will do so accordingly. To speak the truth, I am your supporter Lady Xin Ci…”

“You are speaking too much.” Fang Yuan gave the Gu Master a cold stare, interrupting him coldly.

“Hehe.” The Gu Master laughed: “Then I shall settle the procedures for you, but there are too many people, there will be a lot of procedures to go through, you need to wait a day. A day later…”

Bam!

Fang Yuan raised his leg and kicked.

That Gu Master did not expect Fang Yuan to strike, and was caught off guard and hit on the stomach.

Flying over thirty steps away, he knocked onto a bystander and landed on the ground, falling unconscious after vomiting blood.

“Who dares to fight in Shang clan city?”

“Are you tired of living?!”

“Quickly surrender yourself!”

Such commotion immediately attracted attention. The slave market was heavily guarded in the first place, quickly, three groups of Gu Masters came and surrounded them.

“It was me.” Fang Yuan had no fear, standing up.

“It’s Fang Zheng!” The riled up group saw Fang Yuan and immediately lost their vigor.

Fang Yuan had rank four battle strength, they were only rank two and their leader who had the highest cultivation was rank three initial stage. They could not even be side dishes for Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan stood on the spot and took out his purple thorn token.

The Shang clan Gu Masters saw the token and their aura diminished once more.

The leader’s fierce and terrifying face quickly changed, as he smiled and politely said to Fang Yuan: “Lord Fang Zheng, we all know you are Shang clan’s esteemed guest. But even a guest cannot resort to force in Shang clan, you even injured our clansmen. According to the rules…”

“According to the rules, I will be fined forty-nine primeval stones.” Fang Yuan immediately said.

The leader was shocked, not expecting Fang Yuan to be so well-versed with Shang clan’s rules.

Fang Yuan tossed out a bag of primeval stones, waving his hand: “There are fifty primeval stones inside, keep the change.”

The leader received the primeval stones, feeling like a beggar. He had a shocked and dazed expression as he left with the others.

If Fang Yuan did not have strength, even with the purple thorn token, he would not have gotten out of it so easily. But now that he was strong, even in Shang clan city, if he beat up a Shang clansmen, as long as it was not someone important, there would be no consequences.

The Gu Master in charge was beaten unconscious by Fang Yuan, the slave market quickly sent out another Gu Master to attend to them.

We are buying everyone in this cage.” Fang Yuan pointed at the cage and said.

Inside the cage, the people looked at Fang Yuan; most of them had a dazed or numb expression, but a few stared at him in rage.

Fang Yuan’s casual attitude of purchasing made them feel extremely humiliated.

“Yes, yes, yes.” The new Gu Master wiped his sweat as he attended to Fang Yuan politely.

In less than fifteen minutes, all the procedures were done.

“This is the rank three poison scorpion Gu, please keep it well Lord Fang Zheng.” Lastly, the Gu Master handed Fang Yuan a Gu worm.

This poison scorpion Gu had a white body, like a flawless porcelain, and was the size of two fingers.

This was a rank three Gu, with only one ability: defecating.

The scorpion faeces it produced was black as bean, it was a rank two Gu.

The saying goes: Scorpion faeces are one in the world.

This scorpion faeces Gu, each one had a unique poison. Once used on someone, they needed the corresponding poison scorpion Gu to detoxify them once every seven days.

This was the most common method to control slaves.

Although there is also the slavery Gu, with better effect, but it was rank five. It was expensive and rare, it could not be commonly used.

Poison scorpion Gu, although Shang Xin Ci could not activate it, and could not make it defecate, she could make it sting someone without using any primeval essence.

Fang Yuan planned to first refine this poison scorpion Gu before passing it to Shang Xin Ci and letting her refine it; it was too difficult to let her do it herself.

…

“What did you say? Someone bought those Wei clan slaves? What did I instruct you, I told you to pay attention to them. Wait a few days for me to settle it out with Shang Qiu Niu, and buy them after the situation calms down!” In the study room, Shang Pu Lao had an ugly expression as he scolded the Gu Master in charge.

The Gu Master in charge was lying on a bed with a pale expression.

After being kicked by Fang Yuan, he had just woken up when Shang Pu Lao came to question him.

“Young master Pu Lao, I tried my best already. I wanted to sow discord among them, but that Shang Xin Ci listened to Fang Zheng like a lamb. I tried stalling but before I finished my words, Fang Yuan sent me flying and knocked me unconscious.” The Gu Master in charge listlessly explained as he laid in bed.

 “Sigh… these Wei clansmen were once authoritative figures, controlling Wei clan’s operation. They have high cultivation and experience in management. If I can get them, I can create half a Wei clan myself. Among them, Wei clan’s first lady Wei De Xin is most skilled at nurturing guards. Wei clan leader’s guard troops had once been famous, successfully blocking many assassination attempts, even blocking the attack of five rank three Gu Masters at once. If not for that internal crisis, how could they fall apart so easily?”

Shang Pu Lao heaved a long sigh.

“I am asking you now, can the situation be salvaged?” He stared sharply at the Gu Master in charge.

The Gu Master shook his head, explaining in a crying tone: “They were all brought away already, the entire procedure was proper and there were no problems at all. Young master, I have failed you.”

“Nevermind, have a good rest.” Shang Pu Lao heard this and lost his interest all together, giving a word of consolation before taking his head.

Morning of the next day.

In Nan Qiu garden’s residential square, over thirty members of Wei clan stood.

Fang Yuan and Shang Xin Ci came together.

Earlier, Fang Yuan had helped Shang Xin Ci to refine the poison scorpion Gu. A rank three Gu was still too strong for her, thus, Fang Yuan chose some other Gu worms to assist her in controlling the poison scorpion Gu.

“From today onwards, Shang Xin Ci is your new master, why are you not greeting her?” Fang Yuan handed the poison scorpion Gu to her in front of them.

Wei clansmen slowly kneeled on the floor, paying respects to Shang Xin Ci. Their voices were listless, filled with helplessness and numbness, they were all behaving like puppets.

They were banished from the clan, all these authoritative figures who lived a good life had become slaves. Their dejected and low-spirited behavior was completely natural.

Looking at these people, how could anyone feel assured using them?

Shang Xin Ci felt pity for them, but also worry for herself.

“Wei De Xin, come out. I want to have a private talk with you.” Fang Yuan stretched out his arm, pointing at one of the women.

They suddenly became energetic, as many of their dazes expressions became fierce and strong.

“What do you want?” Many people moved their bodies, shielding Wei De Xin.

“I am warning you, do not lay a finger on her.” One of them pointed his finger at Fang Yuan, showing great alertness.

Smack!

Fang Yuan’s expression turned dark, as he took a few steps forward and gave a slap.

The person who pointed at him was sent flying by an overwhelming force. His mouth was full of blood as his broken teeth fell on the ground.

“It seems you are not clear of reality yet. Although I spent a lot of money to buy all of you, I am not against killing some of you for fun. So what if I want to do anything to your clan leader’s wife, what can you do to stop me?” Fang Yuan had a cruel expression and his voice was like cold as ice.

“You…” Wei clan’s gang were outraged, some youngsters clenched their fists, but they did not dare to speak out again.

“All of you stand down.” Wei De Xin made them stand aside as she walked out.

Although her face was filthy, it could not hide her beautiful peach-like appearance.

She bowed to Fang Yuan: “What does Lord Fang Zheng need from this lowly servant?”

Fang Yuan snorted coldly, using a fierce gaze to inspect her body: “Lady Wei, you speak too much. Just follow me and obey what I say.”

Saying so, he turned around.

As meat on the chopping block, Wei De Xin was helpless too, she gritted her teeth and followed Fang Yuan to the lake pavilion.

A cool breeze blew, causing ripples on the surface of the lake. Carp swam in the lake, and lotus leaves filled the surface of the water, with red and white flower buds within the leaves.

Such beautiful scenery caused Wei De Xin to relax slightly.

But Fang Yuan’s next sentence made her nervous. He said: “Lady Wei, I am veryinterested in you.”

Wei De Xin quickly kneeled on the ground: “This servant is lowly, it is my great honor that my appearance had attracted Lord Fang Zheng’s attention. But I do not dare to offer my soiled body to lord’s grand and masculine body.”

“Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Wei De Xin, don’t be mistaken. I am very interested in your talent, your body and appearance is just a pair of skeleton in my eyes. Next, I want you to nurture a group of loyal female guards for Shang Xin Ci. At the same time, you have to motivate your Wei clansmen properly, tell them to work hard and have a positive attitude.”

Hearing fang Yuan say so, Wei De Xin breathed a sigh of relief, as she promised: “Yes, this servant will follow Lord’s orders.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed deeply again, saying with deep meaning: “Lady Wei, I know you are pregnant, and I know your intentions. You want to preserve your husband’s only bloodline, and at the same time contact your younger brother Wei Shen Jing to exact revenge for you, am I right?”

As he said so, Wei De Xin’s face went pale as her delicate body shuddered.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 331: Advancement to Rank Four 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Wei De Xin knew she was pregnant from her own recent bodily reactions.

The new life in her womb gave her great hope.

This was her greatest secret and she had never expected that just a few days later, an outsider would expose it directly.

How could this not shock her, how could she not panic?

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, it was Wei De Xin who helped Shang Pu Lao to win against Shang Qiu Niu and become the most popular candidate for young clan leader’s position at one time.

However, in the great battle between righteous and demonic, Wei De Xin and Wei Shen Jing secretly contacted each other, and helped Wu clan to scheme against Shang clan; eradicating Wei clan in one fell swoop and taking revenge for the murder of her husband. After this was revealed, Wei De Xin gained fame for being the first person to make Shang Yan Fei suffer a loss.

Shang Pu Lao was thus implicated and banished from the clan, having a miserable end. One could say both his success and defeat were due to Wei De Xin.

Wei De Xin’s talent was outstanding and had now fallen into Fang Yuan’s hand. Controlling her and making her work for Shang Xin Ci was not a difficult thing for Fang Yuan.

“Wei De Xin, you don’t need to be afraid. As long as you do your best to help Shang Xin Ci, I won’t do anything to you. I might even help you raise the child in your womb properly. Also, I advise you to not go searching for your younger brother Wei Shen Jing for some time. He has already been recruited by Wu clan now and is being monitored all the time. If you don’t believe me, you are welcomed to find out for yourself.”

Fang Yuan stroked his fingers, he was sitting on the stone chair with his back straight, and his tone gave a feeling that everything was in the palm of his hand.

Wei De Xin was completely dominated by his attitude.

The expression on her face as she kneeled on the ground, changed. She opened her mouth several times as if to say something, but finally chose to keep quiet.

In the end, she deeply bowed her head towards Fang Yuan, her forehead touched the ground and she spoke in a respectful tone: “I…”

However, she had just opened her mouth when she was interrupted by Fang Yuan: “No need to say anything else, there is no point. You and your clansmen’s performance will be the best answer. You can leave now.”

Fang Yuan waved his hand.

Wei De Xin could only leave.

Fang Yuan sat inside the pavillion without getting up for some time.

He watched Wei De Xin’s figure as it gradually vanished within the rows of green trees. He knew that after this talk, she would assist Shang Xin Ci with all her strength.

After all, in his previous life, Shang Pu Lao also took advantage of the child in her womb to entice her into fully helping him.

Cold wind blew. Fang Yuan gazed at the lake surface. The shimmering lake was reflected in his abyss-like dark eyes.

He was silent.

“Now, Shang Xin Ci has the Wei clansmen to act as her middle and lower foundation. With Wei De Xin, she can organize female guards and form a powerful and stable armed force. There are also the three Xiong brothers who will be her generals. And she has her personal servant Xiao Die and Xiao Lan as trustworthy assistants .”

“With this, the general framework of her force has been constructed. It is enough to deal with this young master competition. But if we can recruit Zhou Quan and make him the steward, this young master’s position will definitely be in the bag! Wei De Xin, Xiong clan’s three brothers, Xiao Die, Xiao Lan are all generals while Zhou Quan will be the commander.”

Fang Yuan was very clear that with the help of Zhou Quan who had plentiful experience and outstanding talent, Shang Xin Ci would definitely win the young master’s position and it would even be more stable. Even if Shang Xin Ci did not work hard, with Zhou Quan’s help, her forces would become firmer and slowly increase to an enormous size.

Only Zhou Quan could keep these subordinates of Shang Xin Ci under check.

Right now, Shang Xin Ci could not awe these talents. After all, she was still too young, her aptitude was not high and her cultivation was not enough.

In the Gu Master world, rules are cruel and real, the first thing one looks at is strength. The rest are supplementary.

However, subduing Zhou Quan will not be so easy. Especially now that the rumors of Shang Xin Ci’s failure in recruiting Zhou Quan over a dozen times had spread and were given a vivid description.

Fang Yuan knew someone was secretly doing this to cause trouble and strike at Shang Xin Ci’s reputation.

But although Fang Yuan knew it, he did not stop it.

The timing was still not ripe yet and he already had a plan.

Several days later, at night, in a secret room of Nan Qiu garden.

Swish swish swish…

Waves surged in the aperture and thousands of white silver snowflakes swirled up.

Under Fang Yuan’s will, the peak stage rank three primeval essence rushed at the aperture walls.

Like the prancing of ten thousand beasts or the movement of the galaxy, the ninety percent primeval sea swept through everything with a force majestic and boundless, far above middle and lower grade aptitudes.

Primeval essence continuously cleansed the aperture walls.

The cleansing slowly and quietly caused a hidden change in Fang Yuan’s aperture walls.

When this change accumulates to a certain degree, it would cause a qualitative transformation and cause his cultivation to breakthrough rapidly to another realm.

This realm was rank four!

Fang Yuan used relic Gu to advance to rank three peak stage. And then with the help of Bai Ning Bing and bone flesh unity Gu, his cultivation had been making rapid progress. Every day, he made such progress that it was beyond normal people’s imagination.

“Rank four, I am only a step away…” This sensation was becoming more and more intense in Fang Yuan’s heart.

However, the surface of the primeval sea continued to decrease.

Snow silver primeval essence violently attacked the borders of rank four realm, consuming huge amounts of primeval essence. Ninety percent primeval sea was of no help and the aperture walls were already cleansed to sparkling pure, but there was no change.

Although rank four was only a step away, this step was like a deep gully which was very difficult to cross.

No one knew how many Gu Masters were stumped at the border between rank three and rank four and how many grand ambitions were stifled.

As Fang Yuan looked at the empty aperture, right at that instance, a stream of yellow gold waterfall fell down from the aperture.

This came from outside world; it was reinforcements by Bai Ning Bing through bone flesh unity Gu!

Although it was only rank four initial stage light gold primeval essence, but the moment it appeared, Fang Yuan’s aperture trembled.

Under Fang Yuan’s will, the waterfall-like primeval essence turned into a tidal wave and charged towards the aperture walls, following the steps of the snow silver primeval essence.

All the accumulation before this burst out at this moment!

Crack.

Following a soft sound, tiny cracks started to appear on the aperture walls.

Dazzling white light burst out of the cracks.

The cracks continued to enlarge and the crystal walls started to collapse like the collapse of an iceberg; pieces started falling towards the bottom of the primeval sea and turned into nothingness.

Two whole hours later, under Bai Ning Bing’s unceasing support of primeval essence, this transformation ended.

The crystal walls were no more to be seen, replaced by a layer of thin light membrane. However, this white light was even more dazzling and shone upon the whole aperture.

A drop of light gold primeval essence floated up from the bottom of the sea.

Yellow gold primeval essence!

Fang Yuan advanced into rank four realm!

“I have finally reached rank four! With just two to three years in Shang clan city, I made such huge progress.” Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes; bright, sharp light flashed through them and drew a ray of lightning through the dark secret room.

He was pleased with this result.

To be able to advance to rank four using a short period of two to three years, he had to first give credit to bone flesh unity Gu, Bai Ning Bing and then the favorable environment of Shang clan city.

At the same time, the credit also went to his plentiful experience from his previous life and his own efforts.

Advancing to rank four meant stepping into a whole new world! In the mortal world, rank one and two were only low levels, rank three was middle level, while rank four and five were the high levels.

Elders of many clans were all at rank four realm. If Gu Yue mountain still existed, Fang Yuan could now fight for the clan leader’s position!

Whether it were Southern Border, Central Continent or other places, rank four cultivation was enough to let a Gu Master roam everywhere.

Gu Masters with rank four cultivation were a force to reckon with.

Many clans only had one or two rank four Gu Masters.

After reaching this stage, Fang Yuan could be said to have grown and exceeded most Gu Masters.

“Since rebirth, my cultivation has now reached rank four. Compared to my previous life, this speed is faster by countless times. By taking a step first and then moving step by step, I have accumulated my advantage continuously and reach today’s accomplishment. All these were due to the help of my previous life’s experience. All thanks to Spring Autumn Cicada …”

Fang Yuan was more and more aware of how formidable the rank six Gu Spring Autumn Cicada was.

It was because of Spring Autumn Cicada that he could have another chance.

“However, although I have advanced to rank four, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed is getting faster as well. The pressure it is exerting on the aperture is also becoming bigger.”

“Rank four is a brand new starting point, I can use many more rank four Gu with the light gold primeval essence. Next, I need to refine charging crash Gu. But before this, I still have something I need to do….”

 …

Fourth inner city.

“This is the manor Zhou Quan is in charge of?” Fang Yuan stood inside a courtyard with hands behind him and his tone indifferent.

Instantly, he got the answer from a subordinate: “Yes, Lord Fang Zheng.”

Right now, standing behind Fang Yuan were Bai Ning Bing, Xiao Die, Xiong brothers along with Wei De Xin and her people who had recovered some of their strength after refining some Gu just recently.

“It is this place. Missy and I came here so many times, but we were given cold shoulder every time.” Xiao Die added in angrily from the side.

“Lord, if you wish to see my master, please pass us your visiting letter. My master is currently taking an afternoon nap.” The doorboy walked over and said with an arrogant

 He recognized Xiao Die and understood these were Shang Xin Ci’s people.

“Afternoon nap? Visiting letter? Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly before his expression immediately turned dark; he waved his hand: “Go, smash the door!”

“Hehehe…” Everyone was stupefied for a while, as the three Xiong brothers took the lead and walked forward with large strides.

“You… what are you trying to do?!” The doorboy was feeling extreme panicked and could not help but shout.

“You puny thing dares to block our way, get lost!” Xiong Huo gave an evil grin and kicked, sending the doorboy flying.

Bang!

Xiong Tu used his brute force to forcefully smash the large manor door.

“What are you doing?” Some servants ran over at the commotion, but with one look at the group of fiendish Gu Masters, they stood still in terror.

Crash Bang Crash Bang…

Slam Slam…

Fang Yuan’s group intruded Zhou Quan’s manor and starting charging around violently; smashing everything they saw and beating people up. Xiong Feng even took liberties with some pretty looking servants.

The manor was in chaos. Some servants ran around panicking and in fear while some cried, screaming for help and forgiveness.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 332: Zhou Quan’s shock 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“What do we do master?” The steward frantically ran towards Zhou Quan, asking for instructions.

Zhou Quan was shocked awake earlier, seeing that Fang Yuan created a din his house, he was livid.

“This Fang Zheng is completely lawless, he actually dared to use force in Shang clan city! Wait… this aura, rank four, oh god, how old is he, he advanced to rank four already?”

Zhou Quan observed secretly, but suddenly his eyes opened wide, as he was completely stunned.

He was once a rank four Gu master, the leader of a clan. But he only reached rank four realm when he was near fifty years old. Fang Yuan’s age was well known in the battle stage, he was only twenty!

What godly talent was this!

Zhou Quan felt lamentation and jealousy, anger and helplessness: “Fang Zheng also advanced to rank four, he is a true rank four Gu Master. He also has the purple thorn token, and has good relationships with Shang Xin Ci and Shang Chao Feng. He is too stubborn, previously he caused trouble in the slave market, but was only fined forty-nine primeval stones. He has a bright future ahead, he is likely to reach rank five. According to the rumors, even Shang Yan Fei thinks highly of him, and now the entire Shang clan is turning a blind eye to his actions. How can I compete with him? But, if I can’t afford to offend him, can’t I just hide?”

Thinking of this, Zhou Quan sighed, saying to his old steward: “Quickly pack our things, we’re going to hide in the shop. They are coming full force at us, we have to avoid them during this period.”

“Yes, master.” The old steward quickly went to pack up.

A moment later, the gang flipped the manor upside down, the place which was elegant and quiet had become a warzone.

“Lord, we have searched, we did not find Zhou Quan.” Xiong Tu reported.

“Mm, he must’ve snuck out from the backdoor. He couldn’t have gone too far, he’s probably hiding in the shop. But all these are within my expectations, I purposely left the backdoor intact, hehe.” Fang Yuan chuckled.

Zhou Quan thought Fang Yuan would respect Shang clan and stop making trouble. But who was Fang Yuan? In his heart, even the super-size Shang clan was just a slightly larger stepping stone for his ambitions.

“Have you prepared what I instructed you to do?” Fang Yuan turned around, asking Wei De Xin.

Wei De Xin quickly responded: “It has been prepared.”

“Very good.” Fang Yuan waved his hand: “Let’s go.”

The gang left the manor, and immediately caused a commotion.

Shang clan city had always been very peaceful and safe. Fang Yuan barging into someone’s home and messing it up had already attracted a lot of attention.

Moreover, Fang Yuan instructed Wei De Xin to circulate news about this matter, thus, it became an even more sensational story in the city.

Numerous passersby were attracted towards the scene.

“Go.” Fang Yuan led the way, bringing his followers as he roamed the streets, purposely keeping a high profile.

Along the way, the number of passersby increased, crowding until the road was packed with people.

“Master, master, that Fang Zheng is here again.” The old steward reported frightenedly.

“No need to worry, this shop is owned by Shang clan, he wouldn’t have the guts to barge in here.” Zhou Quan stroked his beard, calming his steward.

Before his words were finished, he heard a loud sound.

Fang Yuan had sent the door of the shop flying with a kick in front of everyone, and took large steps into the shop.

“Stop there.” A group of Shang clan city guards walked out with a grim expression.

Fang Yuan and gang were so noisy, the city guards were informed long ago.

“This is a Shang clan shop, you cannot enter by force. This is violating Shang clan city rules!” The guard leader shouted as he sweated buckets.

He was on duty today, if he did not speak out, Shang clan city will pursue his irresponsibility later.

But Fang Yuan ignored him completely, walking in without heeding a word.

The others followed suit.

Bai Ning Bing stayed outside, looking coldly at the city guard leader, emitting her rank four aura: “We are going in now, so what? Can you stop us?”

This rank two leader’s heart was palpitating intensely.

He gulped, as he responded with a pale expression: “Even if I cannot stop you, we have to try. This is Shang clan city, that is our responsibility. You have to know, Lord Fang Zheng’s actions had violated Shang clan city’s rules, chapter three article twenty-five…”

“We know, a fine right.” Bai Ning Bing raised her eyebrows, as she tossed a bag of primeval stones to the leader.

“There are five hundred primeval stones inside, keep the change. We have to continue thrashing the place later, this is an advance payment.” After saying that, Bai Ning Bing entered the shop as well.

The leader stood frozen on the spot, as he held that heavy bag of primeval stones, he was completely stunned by Bai Ning Bing’s aura.

“Too arrogant, way too arrogant!” The passersby were roaring.

“I’ve never seen anyone acting so lawlessly in Shang clan city.”

“Fang Zheng and Bai Ning Bing are rank four Gu Masters, they have the ability. They even have the purple thorn token backing then, who can imitate them?”

“Even if I have the strength, I wouldn’t dare to. The are simply too daring! Doing this in broad daylight, really…”

As some people discussed, more of the spectators were just dumbfounded.

Some wanted to enter the shop to watch the show, but they were either blocked outside by Fang Yuan’s men, or chased away by the city guards.

“Leader, do we go in?” A city guard asked softly.

“Go in for what? To let them throw primeval stones at us?!” The leader screamed: “Wait, wait for lord elder to come and settle this himself!”

Back to Fang Yuan, who was entering the shop.

“Fang Zheng, what are you trying to do? Barging into a Shang clan shop by force, do you still want to stay in Shang clan city?” Zhou Quan’s face was grim as he tried to suppress Fang Yuan’s dominance using the name of Shang clan.

Fang Yuan sneered, looking at Zhou Quan in disdain: “Old man, weren’t you taking a nap at home? Why are you hiding here? We are both smart people, let’s not beat about the bush, I am here for you. You have two choices now, submit to me, or die. Choose now.”

“Hehehe. Young man, I would advise you to stop your arrogance.” Zhou Quan squeezed out a smile, his prideful character taking over, refusing to lower his head: “You want to harm me, can’t you see where we are right now? Hmm?”

Fang Yuan laughed loudly.

“Why are you laughing?” Zhou Quan’s face was extremely ugly as he questioned.

“You’ve lived for so many years, your foresight is getting worse. Can’t you see, I am different from Shang Xin Ci? Nevermind, I shall show you mercy and give you a chance, a chance to fully understand me.”

Fang Yuan said, suddenly shouting and striking.

Zhou Quan did not expect Fang Yuan to be so uncontrollable, after being assaulted, he was immediately sent sprawling on the ground and nearly fainted.

But he still had his rich experience, quickly getting up and engaging Fang Yuan in battle.

Bam bam bam…

The sound of battle spread outside.

The crowd standing outside the shop stirred.

“They fought, they fought!”

“He really attacked, this Fang Zheng’s guts are made of steel, he is too crazy.”

“Zhou Quan is so unlucky to have met him.”

Everyone sighed, no one thought Zhou Quan would win.

They were right.

The battle in the shop quickly ended, Zhou Quan was not Fang Yuan’s match at all. He still had some hidden injuries, even though he was rank three peak stage, against the overbearing Fang Yuan, there was no way he could win.

The shop was thrashed during the fight, almost half the place was destroyed. After the smoke dispersed, everyone saw Zhou Quan sprawled on the ground, bleeding and having bone fractures, immobilized.

Fang Yuan was standing on the ground, as he stepped on Zhou Quan’s head, giving off a dominating aura.

“Lord Fang Zheng, what have you done?” Three Shang clan elders came together, shouting.

“Where are your eyes? Can’t you tell from looking? I’m teaching people a lesson!” Fang Yuan rolled his eyes, replying loudly.

The crowd laughed.

“Lord Fang Zheng, we are not here for jokes. This matter is too severe, do you know the consequences?” The clan elders said solemnly.

Zhou Quan who was trampled by Fang Yuan sneered, as blood flowed out of his open mouth.

“Fang Zheng was too rash!”

“He made the matter too severe, how is he going to get out of it this time.”

“Although Fang Zheng is a talent, he is after all, not a Shang clansmen…”

Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan laughed: “Of course I know the consequences. Not only that, I also know what’s the consequences of killing a person!”

Saying so, he took out the purple thorn token.

“Elders, if I murder in Shang clan city, it would ruin Shang clan’s peace. According to the rules, I will lose the purple thorn token, is that right?” Fang Yuan questioned.

“Yes.” An elder immediately answered.

After getting a clear answer, Fang Yuan’s lips curled up as he showed a callous smile.

He exerted strength, and crushed the purple thorn token into powder.

This action caused the crowd to scream in shock, as the elders’ pupils shrunk.

“Fang Zheng destroyed the purple thorn token!”

“That is a purple thorn token, he destroyed it, what a huge waste!”

“Fang Zheng abandoned even the purple thorn token, he clearly wants Zhou Quan’s life…”

“Zhou Quan is too arrogant, rejecting Shang Xin Ci’s invitation so many times. He angered Fang Zheng because of this, what bad luck!”

…

Seeing the fragments of the purple thorn token land on the ground, even hitting his own face, Zhou Quan’s smile froze.

This was a purple thorn token!!

“Fang Zheng destroyed even his purple thorn token, he wants my life. Is he… he… is he insane?!”

Zhou Quan was completely horrified by Fang Yuan’s madness, recklessness and insanity.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 333: Leaving Shang Clan City 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

He had assumed Fang Yuan was trying to teach him a lesson. But he did not expect Fang Yuan to have killing intent, even willingly giving up the precious purple thorn token!

“Just because of me, you acted so ruthlessly, was it worth it?” Feeling Fang Yuan’s ‘determination’, Zhou Quan wanted to cry.

He was a normal person.

He also feared death.

If not, after Zhou clan was wiped out, and he became alone and injured, he would’ve died already.

But he lived.

The desire to live was every living being’s instinct.

He rejected Shang Xin Ci because he looked down on her. He was a proud man, once the leader of a clan, how could he submit to a weak and powerless girl like her?

But he did not think the matter would escalate to this extent!

Now, he was facing the threat of death! Fang Yuan’s insanity was something he did not expect.

“Had I known this would happen, I would’ve accepted her invitation. To think it would end up like this!” Zhou Quan felt intense regret.

Although he was prideful, he was not stupid.

Survival and pride, he obviously chose the former. If not, he would not have stayed alive like a beaten dog for all these years.

“That’s right, I understand! My act of rejecting Shang Xin Ci was a heavy hit on her reputation. Fang Zheng is her greatest supporter, thus he has to eliminate me! Shang Yi Fan had misled me…”

Feeling Fang Yuan’s intense killing intent, Zhou Quan quickly thought of the reason.

With his intelligence, with just a little analysis, he understood that the rumors earlier were all caused by Shang Yi Fan.

Back then, he was still gleeful and smug. These rumors were the best excuse for him to reject Shang Xin Ci. At the same time, he could feel that Shang Yi Fan valued him greatly from these rumors. In the worst case, he could go to Shang Yi Fan.

Whether it was Shang Yi Fan or Shang Xin Ci had no difference to him. As long as he was willing to help, he could make them young master easily.

This was Zhou Quan’s confidence.

But now he was beyond regretful.

Because of this rumor, Fang Yuan wanted to kill him. It was already too late to go to Shang Yi Fan.

Fang Yuan was a maniac, he did not follow the rules. Zhou Quan had completely screwed up this time!

Zhou Quan sprawled on the ground, his bones hurting from the battle, as he was immobilized by Fang Yuan’s leg on his face.

He wanted to open his mouth and beg for mercy.

But he could not say it.

“There are so many people watching, if I beg in public, my reputation will be tarnished. But if I don’t, my life will be forfeited…”

Character decides fate.

At the crucial moment, Zhou Quan’s arrogance was still influencing him.

“The saying goes, a wise man submits to circumstances . Zhou Quan, since you cannot understand your circumstance, you are no wise man. I wasted a purple thorn token to kill you, feel honored. Now die.” Fang Yuan sneered as he exerted force on his leg.

Zhou Quan felt an intense pressure on him, he finally abandoned all hesitation and begged.

But because Fang Yuan was using so much force, his cheeks were squeezed together, he wanted to speak, but could not.

Zhou Quan was panicking!

“Wait, I don’t want to die, I want to beg, I want to surrender, let me speak…”

He screamed in his heart, at the same time, he waved his limbs around frantically.

He grabbed Fang Yuan’s leg, but Fang Yuan’s body was as tough as steel, not even moving an inch.

“I’m dead meat…” Just as Zhou Quan was despairing, he heard a familiar voice.

“Brother Hei Tu, have mercy on him.” Shang Xin Ci rushed to the scene.

“Xin Ci, it seems you still found out in the end. I know you treasure talents, but you don’t have to beg for his sake. Such a person deserves death.” Fang Yuan replied coldly, but stopped exerting force on his leg.

“No, brother Hei Tu, I have to speak.” Shang Xin Ci was very determined.

She continued: “You did not spend much time with Sir Zhou Quan, I know him better. Sir Zhou had always been adamant on rebuilding Zhou clan. He bore a heavy weight on his shoulders, he is a person with noble aspirations in his heart. He had once told me with great pain that he could not forget his former clansmen. Before his wife passed away, she told him to rebuild their home. These years, he carried a heavy burden and have been working hard for it. He has his grievances…”

“Is that so?” Fang Yuan reduced the strength he placed on his leg, his expression changing.

“Why don’t I remember ever tell you that?” Zhou Quan felt weird, when his wife died, he was not even at the scene.

But he immediately understood, this was an act Shang Xin Ci was putting on with Fang Yuan.

Actually, Fang Yuan and Shang Xin Ci were still trying to recruit him!

They used Shang clan as the stage and acted out a good show. Her words earlier were his ticket out of this mess.

It not only portrayed Shang Xin Ci’s kindness and love for talented people, it also gave him a way out of this predicament.

“What a great scheme, great scheme indeed… I am the Zhou clan leader, but today I lost to these youngsters. Truly, the new generation is replacing the old. ” Zhou Quan gritted his teeth, sighing helplessly.

He felt anger, hatred, but also grief and helplessness.

“So that’s it. To think that Sir Zhou was such a man with aspirations. But you are too stupid, assisting Xin Ci does not clash with your aspirations of rebuilding your home. You are not afraid of death because of your goals, I am impressed by you. But do you know, dying is easy, but enduring shame and staying alive for your ideals, moving forward with the pressure on you, that is true courage.” Fang Yuan said loudly.

Zhou Quan heard this, and knew that this was an opportunity Fang Yuan was giving him.

This was most likely the last one as well.

If he does not accept it, his life would be over, there are no more chances left for him.

Thinking so, this old man said: “Sigh! A new generations breeds new geniuses, after listening to what you both have said, I am greatly enlightened!”

Fang Yuan loosened his leg.

Shang Xin Ci was overjoyed, helping Zhou Quan up.

Zhou Quan endured the pain on his body, slowly getting up, then paying respects to Shang Xin Ci: “Zhou Quan greets Lady Xin Ci.”

…

“What did you say? Zhou Quan acknowledged that lass as his lord?” In the study room, Shang Yi Fan heard this and froze in shock.

“That is impossible! I know Zhou Quan’s personality, even back then when Shang Ya Zi was in charge, and controlled all the shops, he could not recruit him. What abilities does this Shang Xin Ci have, to manage to gain his loyalty?!” Shang Yi Fan reacted and shouted in astonishment.

“This really happened.” Old Zhang sighed: “Shang Xin Ci is still young, she naturally doesn’t possess the ability. But she has Fang Zheng and Bai Ning Bing with her, to speak the truth, I underestimated Fang Zheng, to think that he is so scheming under that straightforward facade, he purposely made the matter impossible to resolve, and forced Zhou Quan to submit to her.”

“If Zhou Quan did not submit, Fang Zheng would’ve killed him on the spot. Right now, the entire shop district is talking about the matter. There are rumors everywhere, saying that Zhou Quan had been living while enduring humiliation and shame, in order to rebuild his clan. After being enlightened by Fang Zheng, he decided to join Shang Xin Ci who had a love for talents. Shang Xin Ci’s reputation has surged to a peak now!”

Shang Yi Fan heard that and raged: “That means all the effort we wasted earlier, spreading rumors around, has instead helped them out instead? Liar, they are all liars! All these rumors must be sent out by them, how could there be such a touching story, hmph!”

“Young master Yi Fan, calm down, the competition is not over yet, although Shang Xin Ci has some people now, they might not truly be loyal to her. Now, we still have madam’s help, there is still a high chance of winning.” Old Zhang analyzed calmly.

As he advised, Shang Yi Fan’s emotions went back to normal.

He gritted his teeth, his eyes shining with an ominous light: “You are right, building a force takes a lot of time. All these people she recruited were either threatened or forced, how could she gain their loyalty? Hehehe, next, I will stir up discord among them, and then poach them over with money, I’m sure it’ll work!”

…

With Shang Xin Ci in charge, Fang and Bai as guardians, Zhou Quan assisting, and the cooperation of Wei De Xin and Xiong clan brothers, the intel business in the battle stage was finally established.

As Shang Xin Ci predicted, once the business started, it caused a lot of commotion and reaction.

The first day they started, they recouped their invested capital.

On the second day, business was still booming.

On the third day, business was still on fire.

After seven days, Shang Xin Ci’s three hundred thousand primeval stones grew to four hundred and forty thousand.

Shang Yi Fan’s schemes did not make any progress. Shang Xin Ci’s force was very united, and everyone could not be wavered. Such unity made the other young masters feel surprised.

Shang Yi Fan was panicking, because he knew: If Shang Xin Ci continued to develop like this, with her current reputation, she would definitely be the final winner.

Thus, he started using his mother’s influence to affect Shang clan’s higher-ups.

Shang Xin Ci’s intel business involved the battle stage, it was a sensitive topic. Shang clan’s higher-ups held a meeting and were about to stop Shang Xin Ci’s business from operating, when Shang Yan Fei stood up, and swept away all objections, fully supporting his daughter.

Shang Yan Fei’s attitude was the final blow to Shang Yi Fan.

Several months later, Shang Yi Fan and his mother’s forces lost terribly to Shang Xin Ci.

Shang Xin Ci became one of the ten young masters succeeding Shang Ya Zi.

But the pain of separation overwhelmed her joy of success.

“Brother Hei Tu, are you in such a rush?” Shang Xin Ci walked outside the city, bidding farewell.

“You have already become a young master, with your talent, you will definitely grow well here. Xin Ci, there is no banquet that never ends, we will meet again in the future, do not be sad.”

Fang Yuan consoled, but then changed the topic: “Before I go, I have something to remind you. Always maintain a wide vision and look ahead, above the ten young master position, there is still the young clan leader Shang Tuo Hai. Above Shang Tuo Hai, there are the five elders of Shang clan, your father Shang Yan Fei, and even the supreme elder of Shang clan…”

“Rest assured brother, back then, when Shang Tuo Hai became young clan leader, he had the perfect conditions. The other young masters also had favourable relationships when they rose to power. But I have neither of those, I can only invest in human capital, only with talents can I compete with them. Brother, if you need anything, inform me, I will do anything I can to help you!” Brilliance shone in Shang Xin Ci’s eyes.

Her words caused Fang and Bai to take a second look at her.

As expected of the future Shang clan leader, the female talent that shook the world!

“Alright, until the next time we meet.” Fang Yuan looked deeply at Shang Xin Ci, before turning around to leave.

Bai Ning Bing followed behind him immediately.

The two, one wearing black and the other white, gradually vanished into the mountainous terrain.

Shang Xin Ci and her two servants stood on the spot, staring at the two’s background without moving.

“Brother Hei Tu, San Cha mountain is very dangerous, please take care!” Shang Xin Ci’s eyes were watery as she prayed for him in her heart.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 334: Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Zheng 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

In the world of Gu, the regions were magical.

At the east, there was a huge sea, with islands which stood out like chess pieces on a chessboard. It was named Eastern Sea.

At the west, there was a huge desert, greenery was extremely rare, only yellow sand could be seen everywhere. It was named Western Desert.

At the north, there was a huge grassland, people called it Northern Plains.

At the south, there was a mountainous terrain, known as the Southern Border.

And in the middle of eastern sea, western desert, northern plains, and southern border, there was a central area, called Central Continent.

Central continent was over fifty million kilometers wide, primeval energy was extremely rich in the air, and many sects existed. There were many heroes and conquerors, both demonic and righteous, it was an area with plentiful human and natural resources. Its total strength was the strongest compared to the other four regions.

In the southern part of central continent, among tens of thousands of hills, there was a large mountain above the clouds, piercing through the skies.

Fei He mountain!

Fei He mountain was grand and majestic, floating on top of the sea of cloud.

Sunlight penetrated the clouds, and shone on the green forests on the mountain.

At the foot of the mountain, waves crashed as the tides rose and fell.

Whenever the winds blow, the sea of clouds would experience great movements, the bamboo forests would sway with the wind, as ten thousand cranes sang.

Ironbeak flying crane, fire pellet crane, tailwind crane, cloud mist crane, stellar light crane… over ten thousand types of flying cranes flew or rested in the pine trees. It was an overwhelming sight to behold.

The ten thousand cranes on Fei He mountain were famous in central continent. As for the Gu Masters on the mountain, they were famous throughout the world.

This was Immortal Crane Sect.

One of the top ten sects in central continent, possessing one of the strongest force in central continent.

Right now, there was a crucial battle happening in Immortal Crane Sect’s sparring arena.

Two youngsters, wearing similar clothing, were engaging in a fight. The two moved about as they tangled and fought together.

“Too, too strong!”

“I cannot imagine, both of them are only around twenty years old.”

Outside the arena, the spectators were watching this battle intently. Shock, admiration showed on their faces.

“Senior brother Sun Yuan Hua, he is a veteran expert. The number one in the previous third year small examination, I am not surprised he has such strength. But that junior brother Fang Zheng, it is shocking that he possesses such ability!”

“That’s right, he is a black horse in this year’s eight year middle examination. No one expected him to reach the finals.”

“These years, junior brother Fang Zheng had been keeping a low profile, like an ordinary mountain rock. No one cared about him, he was completely not eye-catching. But who would have thought that during this examination, he would soar into the sky and have his name become renowned in Immortal Crane Sect.”

Many people sighed as they showed admiration and jealousy.

Fang Zheng kept a grim expression as he had a sharp gaze, fighting evenly with Sun Yuan Hua.

These years, he had grown taller, his shoulder was broader, and his waist was thicker, he had become more mature and stable.

Suddenly, Fang Zheng unleashed a jade green wind, forcing Sun Yuan Hua to retreat.

“Senior brother Sun, just admit defeat.” He said in an extremely confident tone.

“Little junior brother, show me what trump card you have.” Sun Yuan Hua laughed, replying with the same level of confidence.

“Alright then.” Fang Zheng whistled, as the sound travelled far. Soon, the cranes called back to him.

Everyone turned to look, and numerous eyeballs almost popped out as they stared with wide-opened mouths.

“An ironbeak flying crane group!”

“Oh heavens, so many flying cranes, is this an illusion?”

“How is that possible? This is a myriad beast king! Fang Zheng reaching rank four middle stage was already a god-tier talent! But he can actually control a crane group that is almost ten thousand in number, what method is this?”

Everyone gasped, feeling extremely shocked in their heart, some unable to believe the scene before them.

Even several sect elders stood up from their seats in shock.

Sun Yuan Hua’s expression became extremely solemn.

Ironbeak flying crane group, coming with an imposing aura, and an advantage in numbers, it gave him great pressure.

But he did not intend to give up.

His eyes shone with determination: “Junior brother Fang, you are impressive. But can you really control so many flying cranes? I have not lost yet, because I have a crane group too! Come out!”

Fei He mountain had tens of thousands of flying cranes, such a territorial advantage was well used by the people in Immortal Crane Sect.

Fang Zheng had a crane group, but Sun Yuan Hua was also a genius in the sect that received ample nurturing, he also hid a crane group secretly.

Hearing Sun Yuan Hua’s command, a group of cranes quickly flew out.

This crane group posed a stark contrast to Fang Zheng’s ironbeak flying crane group, there was only a few hundred.

But the cranes Sun Yuan Hua controlled was different from the ironbeak flying cranes. On their bodies, they had white feathers, but there was blue color on the tips of the wings and tail, as well as their claws. Under the sunlight, they gave a metallic shine.

At the same time, when they flew, traces of blue static lightning could be seen on their bodies.

“Be careful, these flying cranes are illusion lightning cranes. They have a fierce nature and are skilled at fighting alone. Ordinary ironbeak flying cranes are not their match.” Fang Zheng heard Lord Sky Crane from in his mind.

“I understand, master!” Fang Zheng replied immediately, his eyes shining brilliantly as he observed the illusion lightning crane group and manipulated his ironbeak flying crane group.

“They’re going to crash!”

“The ironbeak flying crane group is too huge, it is like a giant monster. Senior brother Sun’s crane group might not even make a dent in it.”

“No, senior brother Sun still has a chance. Crane battles aren’t about numbers, it depends on their control and manipulation.”

“Senior brother Sun had been training hard all along, his control of the crane groups is definitely one of the best. It all depends on Fang Zheng’s performance now.”

“To speak the truth, I don’t think Fang Zheng will win. Although he is a genius, he is still human. These few years, he had to cultivate to rank four, do the sect missions, and assemble his exemplary set of Gu worms, all these had used up much of his time. I don’t believe he still had time left to train his crane group manipulation skills.”

Everyone discussed with great fervor.

Such an intensive fight, it was rarely seen in the sect’s three year small examination and eight year middle examination. Only in the fifteen year large examination, would it be seen occasionally.

Although Fang Zheng possessed a huge number of cranes, not everyone thought highly of him.

The scene now was like the fight between two armies.

Fang Zheng had almost ten thousand flying cranes, he had a large army, but because of the numbers, it was easy to lose control over them. He was only rank four middle stage, the strength of his soul was limited, he could only have that much mental energy.

Meanwhile, although Sun Yuan Hua had fewer cranes, all of them were elites, and he could manipulate them easily. With the amount of time he placed into controlling them, his crane manipulation skill was one of the best in the sect.

Seeing the two army about to crash in the air.

At this moment!

Sun Yuan Hua suddenly leapt.

He activated the Gu in his aperture, causing him to turn into a flash of lightning, closing in on Fang Zheng.

Fang Zheng did not expect him to strike so suddenly.

This way, he Sun Yuan Hua would fall into the encirclement of the ironbeak flying cranes, and get himself into grave danger.

Sun Yuan Hua attacked like a hurricane, like he went mad, his strength was something beyond what he had displayed earlier.

Fang Zheng lost the initiative and was suppressed, only able to defend with all his strength.

The two cranes engaged in the air, while on the ground, Fang Zheng and Sun Yuan Hua fought intensely.

Although the numbers of illusion lighting cranes were few, they were united, and charged together, tearing apart many ironbeak flying cranes.

In contrast, the ironbeak flying cranes, although many, were a mess, like a pack without a leader.

“The ironbeak flying crane group could not block this small number of illusion lightning cranes!”

“Senior brother Sun is amazing! His battle tactic was superb!”

“That’s right, Fang Zheng has limited concentration, manipulating this large group of cranes is like a baby wielding a hammer, amateurish and unskilled. He himself is being attacked by senior brother Sun, he can’t even defend himself properly, with his concentration on defending, how could he bother with controlling the cranes above him.”

“But the ironbeak flying crane group is just too huge, there are many hundred beast kings, several thousand beast kings, and even a myriad beast king. In the illusion lightning crane group, there are only three hundred beast kings and one injured thousand beast king. In order to avoid these beast kings, the illusion lightning cranes have to attack from the right and left, even if they injured many ordinary ironbeak flying cranes, they are greatly injured themselves.”

“Sun Yuan Hua and Fang Zheng are evenly matched, one attacks and one defends, they are extremely familiar with each other’s moves, there is no clear winner. We can only look at the result of the crane battle.” An elder saw the victory condition of this match.

If the ironbeak flying crane group can devour the illusion lightning crane group, then it was Fang Zheng’s victory for certain.

But if the illusion lightning crane group rushes out of the ironbeak flying cranes’ encirclement and goes to help Sun Yuan Hua, Fang Zheng would lose.

“Endure, endure for a bit more. Try and divert some attention to the ironbeak flying cranes and kill all the illusion lightning cranes! If you can do that, it would be a huge breakthrough, it would be extremely helpful to you in the future.” In Fang Zheng’s mind, Lord Sky Crane’s voice continued to advise.

Fang Zheng exerted all his strength and followed what Lord Sky Crane said.

But right when he was about to succeed, Sun Yuan Hua would always break his concentration with a flurry of attacks.

Sun Yuan Hua was older than Fang Zheng, he had placed a lot of effort in manipulating cranes, under his control, although the cranes were injured, they were already about to break out of the ironbeak flying cranes’ encirclement.

“Junior brother Fang Zheng, it is still too early for you to defeat me.” He sneered.

Such words were heard by Fang Zheng, and it triggered the deepest part of his memory.

Back then, on Qing Mao mountain, Gu Yue village, he and his older brother Fang Yuan fought in the arena.

Fang Yuan said the exact same words.

“No, I cannot lose!”

“I have to take revenge for my clan, for my uncle and aunt, for my clan leader, for Lord Qing Shu!”

“Why have I worked so hard in these last few years? I must stand before my brother and defeat him. How can I lose to Sun Yuan Hua now?”

Flames burned in Fang Zheng’s eyes.

He endured the pain in his head, and diverted his concentration!

The ironbeak flying cranes suddenly moved, like a huge beast opening its mouth, devouring the illusion lightning crane group.

Seeing this, Sun Yuan Hua’s face went pale.

Victory!

The crowd cheered.

Fang Zheng was the number one in the eight year middle examination, defeating Sun Yuan Hua and became an elite disciple of Immortal Crane Sect!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Central continent’s sect system was different from southern border’s clan system.

In clans, blood ties sustained the hierarchy, and clansmen were the target for nurturing. But in sects, masters and disciples replaced the bloodline system. In sects, they recruited disciples and as long as one had good talent and character, they would be accepted.

Precisely so, Fang Zheng was absorbed into Immortal Crane Sect as one of its member.

In Immortal Crane Sect, from low to high, they were classified as, outer disciple, inner disciple, elite disciple, legacy disciple, sect elder, sect leader, and the supreme elder.

Three year small examination, was to choose inner disciples. Eight year middle examination was to choose elite disciples. As for the fifteen year large examination, it allows one to ascend to a legacy disciple.

Above the legacy disciple, it would be the sect elders.

The sect elders in Immortal Crane Sect had at least rank four cultivation. The sect leader would have rank five cultivation, and the supreme elders were rank six Gu Immortals, there was even rank seven among them!

Central continent was the strongest region compared to north, south, east, and west. Immortal Crane Sect was the top ten sect in central continent, it was even stronger than Shang clan.

The disciple selection did not involve place of birth, or any regional priorities. Thus, in Immortal Crane Sect, there were no C grade aptitudes.

B grade was the most commonly seen, but there were many A grades as well.

Fang Zheng was a genius with A grade aptitude no doubt. But in Immortal Crane Sect, in such a super-level force, there were many geniuses just like him.

“Fang Zheng, you were born smart and were willing to undertake hardships, now that you have rank four cultivation, you are already qualified to be a sect elder. But you have only entered the sect for a short time, you need to complete many sect missions to prove your loyalty. I hope you can continue to work hard, become victorious in the large examination, and become a legacy disciple.” Immortal Crane Sect leader sat on his grand seat as he looked down at Fang Zheng, who was kneeling below the stairs.

“Yes, I will remember leader’s teachings.” Fang Zheng replied.

“Now, I have a sect mission to hand to you and a few elite disciples. Go back and read through the details, go.” The sect leader said as a bookworm flew out.

Fang Zheng received it and took his leave.

Once he returned, he laid down on the bed and fell asleep.

Controlling Gu worms required a lot of concentration, he expended a lot of his mental energy in doing so, at times he had to multitask and do multiple things at once.

In the battle with Sun Yuan Hua, Fang Zheng used all his trump cards and truly expended all his means.

He was too tired, forcefully meeting the sect leader to finish the initiation for advancing to an elite disciple. His head was still hurting, like a hammer was hitting him, while his shoulders were so sore that they could barely support his neck. He was drowsy and felt light-headed.

Fang Zheng slept for two days and two nights, until a series of knocking woke him up.

Once he pushed the door open, he saw a group of elite disciples.

These disciples comprised both male and female, they were mostly rank three but there were a few with rank four cultivation.

Different from clans, which did not require loyalty to be tested, sects needed to do so.

The higher the hierarchy, the fewer the number of elite disciples, legacy disciples, and elders. Many cultivated to rank four, but were eliminated during the examinations. Thus resulted in many disciples and elders having the same rank four cultivation.

But regardless of their cultivation, the elders definitely had higher battle strength than disciples. That is because they were chosen strictly through examinations, and were the most talented among thousands.

“Fang Zheng, we have the same mission. On this trip, I hope we can take care of each other.”

“Fang Zheng, I saw your battle with Sun Yuan Hua, it was very exciting!”

“I hope we can spar along the way…”

These people were very amiable. That is because they knew Fang Zheng controlled an ironbeak flying crane group that was ten thousand in number. Although he could not control them perfectly, such strength was still respectable.

“You are too polite, my fellow sect brothers. I am ashamed, these few days, I had been sleeping, I have not seen the mission details yet.” Fang Zheng cupped his fists, admitting.

“I see, in that case, I will tell you directly, our mission this time is extremely important! Fang Zheng, a few months ago, a shocking event happened at Tian Ti mountain, do you know about it?” An elite disciple asked.

 “Tian Ti mountain?” Fang Zheng nodded: “This matter was huge, I know about it. On Tian Ti mountain, Fairy Bai Hu’s inheritance appeared. Fairy Bai Hu is a famous person in the righteous path, a rank six Gu Immortal, and owns the Hu Immortal blessed land. Once this inheritance appeared, many Gu Immortals came out. As long as one inherits this inheritance, they would gain her blessed land. Right now, Tian Ti mountain is heavily surrounded by many Gu Immortals.”

“Fang Zheng, I’ll tell you directly, our mission this time is to go to Tian Ti mountain and try to obtain this inheritance. The lord Gu Immortal of our Immortal Crane Sect has already come to an agreement with the lords of the other sects, in order to maintain peace, they will not strike, but instead, choose some elite disciples in their sect to compete in a fair manner.”

Fang Zheng heard this, and his eyes widened, showing intense desire: “Are you serious?”

This was the inheritance of a Gu Immortal!

“Of course, if we are truly fated and become her inheritor, we would definitely shoot to success. In the future, we have a great chance of breaking through to Gu Immortal realm. But other than our Immortal Crane Sect, there is also Heavenly Lotus Sect, Spirit Butterfly Valley, Ancient Soul Sect, Heaven’s Envy Sect and the other central continent’s top ten sects. Thus, during this trip, we have to cooperate and stay united!”

“Of course!” Fang Zheng immediately replied.

…

Huo Tan mountain in southern border is a dormant volcano.

It is about three kilometers tall, and the peak of the mountain is flat with a hole that is flowing with magma within. Thick smoke rose from the funnel occasionally like a chimney.

The greatest resource on this mountain were charcoal stones, almost seen everywhere.

This type of charcoal stone burnt for a long time and emitted little heat, and did not give out smoke, it was most commonly used in Shang clan city, fifth inner city.

It had been numerous days since Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing stepped into Huo Tan mountain.

They had set off from Shang Liang mountain, to reach San Cha mountain, Huo Tan mountain was a necessary stop.

Stepping on the charcoal stones, one would feel the heat from below, as the air was dry and without moisture. Looking far, all one could see was dark red charcoal stones.

There were trees on this mountain too.

But these trees were short and thin, their branches were like needles and did not block sunlight.

Thus, on Huo Tan mountain, one could have a wider vision than compared to being on other mountains.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing travelled on the mountain, if birds flew in the sky and looked down, they would see two tiny ants crawling slowly.

The truth is, they were being observed.

“Hehe, they are finally here.”

“Huo Tan mountain is a necessary location along the path, they will definitely pass by here if they want to go to San Cha mountain.

At an insignificant corner, two demonic Gu Masters were hiding.

They were two bald men, the older one was called Jiao Huang, while the middle-aged man was called Meng Tu, they were a famous assassination duo among the demonic Gu Masters.

“As long as we kill these two, Shang clan would have ten thousand primeval stones as reward, and we will also get a yellow pair token. How can we let go of such a good deal?” Meng Tu licked his lips excitedly.

“But they are both rank four Gu Masters, we are only rank three peak stage. This is a good deal, but the risks are higher! I’m not sure if it was a mistake to accept this…” Jiao Huang was older and wiser, showing worry on his face.

“Elder brother Jiao Tu, don’t be frightened by their cultivation. So what if they are rank four, they are only rank four initial stage. Most of the Gu worms in their hands are still rank three. Moreover, it is not like we have not killed a rank four Gu Master before, remember that Xiao Fu Lu who was killed by us?” Meng Tu encouraged.

Once he mentioned Xiao Fu Lu, Jiao Huang frowned, as he said nervously: “Didn’t I mention it many times, don’t talk about Xiao Fu Lu. He is the grandson of Xiao clan’s supreme elder, we offended a Gu Immortal when we killed him. Keep this matter in your stomach and never mention it again.”

“Hmph, so what if he is a Gu Immortal? Haven’t we lived free and safe all these years?” Meng Tu pouted indifferently: “Gu Immortals are not omnipotent, not to mention these two newly advanced rank four Gu Masters. Brother, don’t forget that we’ve spent several days preparing that trap for them. Hehehe!”

Speaking of that trap, Jiao Huang’s expression relaxed.

He muttered: “As long as they fall into the trap and engage in a fierce battle, their primeval essence will be depleted and we will have a chance to act!”

“Exactly.” Meng Tu said, as his eyes suddenly glowed, saying softly but excitedly: “Quickly look, they fell for the trap!”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing stopped walking.

The nearby ground started shaking violently. Rock shrapnels fell down the cliff from both sides.

On the ground, the soil was moved away as lava crocodiles crawled out from the ground.

“It is a lava crocodile group, there is a thousand beast king!” Bai Ning Bing concentrated, looking at the leader of the group.

This lava crocodile king was huge, the size of three elephants.

Its body is covered with deep red scales, and four thick legs supported its huge body. A crocodile tail giving off a metallic glow was over ten meters long. On its back, there were two lumps, like two small volcanoes. As it breathed, two traces of black smoke rose from the volcanoes, thick and thin rhythmically.

As the lava crocodile king crawled out of the ground, it stared at Fang and Bai, but most of its attention was on Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were rank four initial stage Gu Masters, but he had rank four middle stage primeval essence.

The lava crocodile king had sharp senses, it immediately sensed that Fang Yuan’s aura was scarier.

It opened its mouth, and over a thousand lava crocodiles encircled Fang and Bai.

Facing such a dangerous situation, Fang Yuan laughed: “It is but a few crocodiles, Bai Ning Bing, cooperate with me and kill this lava crocodile king!”

“Okay.” Bai Ning Bing replied plainly, but battle intent surged in her eyes.

Back then, when they first left Qing Mao mountain, they had also encountered a lava crocodile king, and stayed away from it.

But now, they were different, having rank four cultivation, even if this lava crocodile king was a thousand beast king, it could not stop their path!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 336: Hero saves the beauty 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Rocks cracked and flew; the crocodile group hissed in pain.

The large battle was at its end; Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing stood high on Huo Tan mountain, surrounding them were corpses of lava crocodiles.

Meanwhile, that thousand beast king lava crocodile king was on the ground with all the bones in its body broken, the two protruding mini volcano on its back were also smashed apart.

It hissed in a soft voice as it laid flat on the ground with blood pouring out from countless wounds on its body. Its claws shook as it tried to rake the ground to drill underground, however it no longer had enough strength.

Its struggles continued to decrease till death finally descended on it.

With the death of the thousand beast king, the remaining lava crocodiles immediately scattered, drilling into the ground or fleeing in disarray.

After roughly clearing up the battlefield, Fang and Bai resumed their journey.

Jiao Huang and Meng Tu were hiding in a faraway corner without moving even a bit. These two famous assassins had quite an unsightly expression right now, just like zombies.

They were scared!

“Are these two still humans? They contended against the whole lava crocodile group with just their own strength!”

“Bai Ning Bing walks the ice path and greatly suppresses the lava crocodiles. That can’t be helped, but the main thing is still that Fang Zheng, he is simply a monster in human skin. The more injuries he suffered, the stronger he became. At the end, he even sent the lava crocodile king flying easily.”

Jiao Huang and Meng Tu glanced at each other, both saw palpitation in each other’s eyes.

Fang and Bai’s terrifying strength greatly exceeded their expectations.

They did not live in Shang clan city, so only after seeing the whole battle, did they become deeply aware of Fang and Bai’s terror.

“These two youths are seriously only around twenty years old? Screw that, compared to them, we were simply living a dog’s life for the last forty years of our career.” Meng Tu cursed out in fear.

“Brother Meng Tu, don’t say so. Hearing you say that, I am completely ashamed of myself.” The older Jiao Huang heaved a deep sigh, “Undoubtedly, these two are geniuses! Comparing oneself to others will only make you angry . We are simply not their match. If I had known this early, I would have never accepted this deal.”

“Brother Jiao Huang, your words have spurred on my competitiveness and made me more indignant. This is still not finished, although we can’t defeat them, we still have a chance!” Meng Tu said as he spit out some saliva.

“Eh? What chance?”

“Think of it, brother Jiao Huang. They are going to San Cha mountain to seek benefits from the three kings inheritance. San Cha mountain is extremely chaotic right now with rank four and rank five experts everywhere. They will definitely have to clash with others once they reach there. We will look for an opportunity while they are there. If we can take advantage of the situation while they are in trouble, that will be the best!”

Jiao Huang’s eyes brightened upon hearing this reminder.

He patted Meng Tu’s shoulder: “Brother, what you said makes sense. Let’s go, go to San Cha mountain!”

“There was something fishy about that group of lava crocodiles.” Fang Yuan thought along the way.

The timing of the lava crocodiles and the area they appeared in were too coincidental. The moment they appeared, they firmly surrounded Fang and Bai. Bai Ning Bing did not sense anything wrong, but the astute Fang Yuan with his previous life’s experience could smell a conspiracy.

Fang Yuan was very familiar with such situations.

“Someone intentionally designed this trap and wanted to deal with me. But which side is it? Wu clan, Bai clan or Shang clan?” Fang Yuan inwardly pondered.

“Because I know Li Ran’s identity and I have now left Shang Liang mountain, there is a probability that Wu clan would make a move.”

“As for Bai clan? I have become their enemy, I know the huge secret of their clan’s spirit spring drying up and have extorted them of three million primeval stones. How could they not hate me?”

“There is also Shang clan. The amount of Shang clansmen I have offended are also many. Shang Ya Zi, Shang Yi Fan, after buying that group of Wei clansmen I also offended Shang Pu Lao. In Shang clan’s young master competition, I was one of the forces of Shang Xin Ci and if I was to be eliminated outside, she would be greatly weakened.”

“Forget it, let’s not think too much about it. I will just deal with it as they come.” Fang Yuan shook his head and threw the disorganized thoughts out of his mind, clearing his thoughts.

If it was before when he was weak, he would have to exhaust all his energy to plan for everything. But now, his strength had increased by a lot and he had the aura of someone who would not move no matter what wind attacked him.

 …

Central Continent.

Wind whistled through the sea of clouds.

Ten thousand flying cranes were flapping their wings together.

Fang Zheng and the other elite disciples of Immortal Crane Sect stood or sat cross-legged on the flying cranes and hurried towards Tian Ti mountain.

“Boss Fang Zheng, your crane group is really mighty. We will definitely shine brightly on this trip to Tian Ti mountain and sweep through everything.” An elite disciple said.

He used a Gu while speaking, so no matter how strong the wind blew, his voice was not obstructed and was clearly transmitted to everyone.

“You speak too highly of me. This time, the ones participating in the competition for Gu Immortal Bai Hu’s inheritance are all elites from the ten great sects. If we want to get the inheritance, not only do we need strength, but also luck.”

“Boss Fang Zheng, you are too modest. With your myriad crane group, who can stop us?” Immediately another elite disciple said.

“Boss Fang Zheng, you are my role model. No wonder you were dispatched to this mission by the sect leader after just becoming an elite disciple. On this trip to Tian Ti mountain, we will only be following your lead!” An elite female disciple said respectfully.

On the way, Fang Zheng had sparred with all the elite disciples.

He was very strong and also had a spirit incubating flea in his aperture. Lord Sky Crane’s soul resided in the spirit incubating flea and would give guidance from time to time. There was also the support of the myriad crane group.

Because of this, Fang Zheng defeated all the other elite disciples.

He was not arrogant after his victory, he had a great bearing and was modest, easily winning everyone’s good impressions and was pushed to become their head. They were all in admiration of Fang Zheng.

“Among the ten great sects of Central Continent, which one of them does not have deep foundations? I am sure they also have talented people among them. Although I have the myriad crane group, my weakness is that I can’t control them fully. I still need to ask you all to provide guidance regarding the control of the flying cranes.” Fang Zheng cupped his hands towards the people beside him.

“We wouldn’t dare. It is our honor to be able to spar with Boss Fang Zheng.”

“Boss, you have been cultivating so hard these days that it makes us blush with shame.”

“Boss, your progress is remarkable, you have an innate talent in controlling the cranes. You only lacked practice before, and given some time, you are sure to surpass Sun Yuan Hua.”

The other elite disciples said words of agreement.

Their words were from the depths of their hearts. On this journey, they could clearly notice Fang Zheng’s progress.

Fang Zheng smiled. With Lord Sky Crane providing guidance and secret experiences, and even controlling his body sometimes, how could he not improve at a lightning pace?

After flying for some time, the ironbeak flying cranes started to cry out one after another.

Fang Zheng and the rest understood.

“Alright. It is time, we need to land and feed the flying cranes.” Fang Zheng stamped, the flying crane group started to pierce down through the layer of clouds under his control.

For a moment, it was only a scene of white vastness.

Soon, the clouds and mist disappeared as the group flew down from the layer of clouds to the verdant and lush ground.

Flying cranes also needed to eat. The larger the scale of the crane group, the higher their demand for food. Fortunately, ironbeak flying cranes could eat anything. Sometimes, they even ate stones to fill their stomachs, thus were very easy to raise.

Fang Zheng possessed such a large scale crane group, but it was also equally troublesome. After every set intervals, he would need to fly to the ground and feed the crane group.

“Eh? There is a battle going on!” As they were descending down, an elite disciple suddenly spoke out.

Everyone immediately discovered the unusual state on the ground.

Four demonic Gu Masters were laughing evilly while surrounding three female Gu Masters and slowly nearing them.

” Tsk , it is the four great obscenities.” Soon, an elite disciple exposed those four demonic Gu Masters’ identity with a disgusted tone.

These four great obscenities were separately; Eastern Obscenity Chen Yi Dao, Western Thief Yu Ba Guang, Southern Disturbance Shi Bao and Northern Squandering Fan Chun Yao.

They had been travelling all over Central Continent and were all rank four Gu Masters. They were extremely strong and were even able to contend against rank five Gu Masters when they combined their strength.

“Look, they are actually surrounding Fairy Bi Xia of Heavenly Lotus Sect!” An elite disciple with sharp sight shouted.

“Hmph, demonic path’s people, every single one of them needs to be executed!” Fang Zheng’s expression turned incomparably cold and immediately commanded the crane group to charge down without thinking much.

“Hehehe, Fairy Bi Xia, it will be difficult for you to escape this calamity today!”

“To think our luck is so good today to be able to smell the aroma of Fairy Bi Xia. Even if we suffered heavy injuries, it is worth it.”

The four great obscenities winked as they pressed on towards the three female Gu Masters.

“Damn it.” Fairy Bi Xia gritted her snow-white teeth. She was seriously injured and did not have strength to break through.

Just as she was starting to feel desperation and was thinking of committing suicide, she suddenly heard the cries of a group of cranes from above her.

“Who is it?” The four great obscenities raised their heads and shouted.

“Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciple, Fang Zheng!” Fang Zheng was standing on the back of the ironbeak flying crane king, his tongue seemed to burst out with thunder.

He stood upright and proudly on the crane’s back, his body was robust, his brows thick and his eyes like that of a tiger’s. He fixed his gaze on the four obscenities and waved his hand.

The elite disciples behind him and ten thousand ironbeak flying cranes passed him and charged towards the four obscenities.

“Heavens, so many cranes!”

“It is one of the ten great sects, the elite disciples of the Immortal Crane Sect…”

“What bad luck, we have injuries and can’t contend against this group, let’s retreat!”

The four great obscenities sized the situation before turning to flee and soon, they had escaped far away, their figures disappeared from everyone’s sight.

“These demonic path trash, they might not have other abilities but they are pretty quick in running.” The elite disciples laughed loudly.

“Are you okay?” Fang Zheng got off from the back of the crane and approached Fairy Bi Xia, asking softly.

“I, I am okay… thank you young master Fang Zheng for saving me!” Fairy Bi Xia looked at Fang Zheng, her face blushed red and her gaze carried hints of infatuation.

She had thought she would not be able to escape this calamity, but a hero came falling from the sky.

Fang Zheng was like the hero saving the beauty and it left a deep impression on Fairy Bi Xia.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 337: Leaving somebody in the lurch 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Two young babies, leave behind your primeval stones, strip off your clothes and kowtow to your grandpa thrice, and I shall spare your little lives. Gahaha…”

A rank three old demonic Gu Master with dishevelled hair suddenly appeared and blocked Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s way.

“Hehe, the old monster Hei Shi is making it difficult for newbies again.”

“These two youths are out of luck considering they ran into the old monster Hei Shi.”

“That girl looks quite pretty.Why does she look somewhat familiar? It is a pity the old monster Hei Shi is here, otherwise we would have made a move.”

From within the darkness, many demonic Gu Masters looked here with sinister smiles on their faces.

Bam!

Fang Yuan’s response was straightforward, he directly summoned his beast phantom.

The moment he made a move, the breath concealment Gu lost its effect, and his rank four aura was revealed in its whole.

Shock and desperation immediately showed on the old monster Hei Shi’s face.

He wanted to escape but Bai Ning Bing also made a move at the same time and kept him in check.

The old monster Hei Shi was directly struck by beast phantom and turned into minced meat.

Blood, bone pieces and brain matter mixed together and splattered all around.

“I… what the f*ck….”

“Oh god, these two youths are both rank four Gu Masters!”

“I remember it now, they are black and white twin demons! One is called Fang Zheng and another is Bai Ning Bing, both are geniuses of the demonic path. They have made great names for themselves in Shang clan city’s battle stage, especially Fang Zheng, people call him little beast king, almost having hegemony over the whole battle stage. Why are these two guys here?”

“The temptation of San Cha mountain’s inheritance is too big, they were also attracted by it. Old monster Hei Shi kicked an iron board , his death was really tragic!”

Many Gu Masters watching from the darkness, as they opened their eyes wide in extreme shock and fear.

“Hmph!” Fang Yuan was not satisfied with killing the old monster Hei Shi. With a shift of his mind, he activated another beast phantom and charged towards a specific shadow.

Bam!

A huge sound resounded, the demonic Gu Master hiding in the shadow directly exploded into meat paste by Fang Yuan’s attack.

Countless demonic Gu Masters drew in a sharp breath of cold air from the darkness.

“Jin Cheng En also died!”

“Little beast king has a heavy murderous nature, he doesn’t let even spectators go.”

“Let’s go, let’s go. Even the old monster Hei Shi could not resist their one move, it will be too late if we don’t hurry now.”

Trees shook, stones were lifted up; countless shadows scuttled out, fleeing towards every direction.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing quietly watched this and did not block them.

As they got closer to San Cha mountain, the demonic Gu Masters they ran into also increased.

During ordinary times, one could only occasionally run into these guys. However, San Cha mountain was like a fragrant honey that attracted all kinds of flies, bees and so on.

“We have yet to reach San Cha mountain, but we have seen all kinds of demons and ghosts fighting each other. It is obvious how chaotic the situation over at San Cha mountain is now.” Bai Ning Bing’s expression was indifferent but her tone was slightly heavy.

Several months had already passed since the three kings inheritance appeared on San Cha mountain, this caused a huge disturbance in Southern Border. Countless figures appeared one after another and rushed towards there.

Righteous path and demonic path fought against each other for a place in the quota to enter the inheritance.

San Cha mountain had already changed into a slaughterhouse. Every day, there was large amounts of lives lost in open fights and schemes.

“Kill them all, gain notoriety through killing. Kill until these people tremble in fear, only then will they not dare to lightly provoke us.” Fang Yuan smiled coldly, his eyes filled with thick killing intent.

Fang Yuan was fully aware that reputation was very important when one went outside.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were living in Shang clan city all this while, although their fame had spread, it was mostly limited to within the city.

Most people had not heard about Fang and Bai.

Killing all that stands in their way, killing to gain fame; this would be an enormous help to Fang Yuan’s future plans.

“Alright. Let’s continue using breath concealment Gu and hide our rank four aura. Killing like this is really splendid and very interesting. We can leave deep impressions on others and make them remember us for their whole lives.” Bai Ning Bing smiled, her blue eyes shone with cold light. Her beauty was like that of a snow fairy, untouched by the mortal world. Her tone, however, was like a bloody, poisonous scorpion, and was filled with terrifying killing intent.

Breath concealing Gu was only a rank three Gu ; Fang and Bai were barely able to use it to conceal their rank four cultivation.

Fang Yuan advanced to rank four initial stage and he needed to replace many of his Gu. Bai Ning Bing was also the same.

“Three kings inheritance has many of the Gu I need. As long as I obtain those Gu, my set of strength path Gu worms will push towards completion. It will also provide me great help in advancing to rank five and allow me to dominate the mortal realm.”

“Calculating the time, the Hu Immortal blessed land in central continent should also have opened. Fairy Bai Hu was a rank six Gu immortal and the inheritance she had left behind is intact, it is many times better than the three kings inheritance. Unfortunately, I am not in central continent. No, even if I were in central continent, I am not a disciple of the ten great sects and thus cannot participate in the contest at Tian Ti mountain. Sigh, such a pity…”

Fang Yuan gazed far away towards the direction of central continent before continuing to move forward.

Bai Ning Bing was silent as she walked alongside Fang Yuan.

The two crossed mountains and charged around everywhere; they would directly kill any demonic Gu Masters or righteous Gu Masters they met.

Their vicious reputation quickly spread.

In Fang Yuan’s view, at every stage, there was an appropriate manner to developing oneself.

When one was weak, they should keep a low profile and do things secretly, suffering patiently and growing stealthily. When they were strong, they should spread their name and strike when the timing was right, making others feel fear and terror.

Sometimes, reputation was a much stronger weapon than strength.

Soon, Bai Ning Bing realized the advantage of reputation.

When they had just started on the journey, the Gu Masters along the way often tried to make things difficult for them. Just like that old monster Hei Shi, daring to jump out with just a mere rank three cultivation.

Fang and Bai were young, moreover Bai Ning Bing’s stunning appearance caused others to have an impulse to commit crime.

Now, however, even though Fang and Bai were using breath concealment Gu and hiding their cultivation, their path was unimpeded, saving them a lot of trouble.

They had yet to truly reach San Cha mountain but their evil reputation had already spread till there.

Good deeds remain obscured while bad deeds spread over a thousand miles.

Such evil reputation was the fastest to spread.

Right now, everyone knew there were two terrifying demonic path rising stars, rank four geniuses, killing their way towards San Cha mountain, two who were very aggressive and easily killed people.

…

This day, they finally reached the foot of San Cha mountain.

Sounds of a fight suddenly came from ahead.

“Don’t come here, don’t come!” A female Gu Master shouted with terror all over her face and was faintly gasping; her clothing in rags, revealing her beautiful shoulders and thighs.

“Hehehe, little beauty, quietly obey us.”

“If you resist anymore, be careful that I might just slash your pretty face!”

“Don’t resist. Let us big brothers give you a taste of euphoria, hahaha….”

The demonic Gu Masters’ eyes shone with a wolf-like green light as they continuously charged towards the female Gu Master.

The female Gu Master resisted with all her might, but she was alone and her strength was not enough; the situation was in full control of the several demonic Gu Masters.

“Damn it, damn it!” The female Gu Master bit her full lower lip with her pure white teeth, her face filled with anxiety and terror.

She retreated bit by bit, the clothings on her body were slowly cut open. Her smooth legs were exposed and her thick hair was in a mess. As she escaped, her chest bobbed like a white rabbit which provoked the attacking demonic Gu Masters to let out wolfish howls.

“Can anyone save me? Can anyone save me? I have thirty thousand primeval stones here!” The female Gu Master shouted, her weak voice further stimulate the desire in these Gu Masters.

“Nobody moves!”

“This little girl is our, Ten Tyrants’, prey. Wait till our boss comes over.”

“That’s right, we don’t want the thirty thousand primeval stones. We will enjoy this first, the rest of you can take turns later. Gahaha….”

Some righteous Gu Masters were just about to make their moves to rescue the girl, but when they heard the name of Ten Tyrants, they immediately chose to shrink back.

The boss of the Ten Tyrants was a rank four Gu Master!

“Who can save me, please save me…” The female Gu Master shouted sadly like the lament of a cuckoo. She kept on running, asking for help everywhere, but wherever she went, the Gu Masters would all retreat and avoid her.

Only Fang and Bai stood on their spots, watching indifferently.

“Two lords, please, I pray you for mercy, please save me.” The female Gu Master’s eyes shone with hope; the weeping beauty ran towards Fang Yuan and pleaded.

“Where did these two brats come from, mind your own business!”

“We are Nan mountain’s Ten Tyrants, you two young juniors… eh? This can’t be!”

These few demonic Gu Masters suddenly paled when they recognized Fang and Bai’s identity.

“Although that person is disguising as a male, she is a female. These two, one man and one woman; black cloth, black hair and black eyes; white cloth, silver hair and blue eyes, aren’t they the recently famous…”

“Black and white twin demons!”

The demonic Gu Masters immediately stopped, they fixed their gazes at Fang and Bai with profound fear.

Fang and Bai’s reputation were the number one thing they heard recently.

These two might be young, but were true geniuses of the demonic path. They were both extremely ruthless and had a murderous nature. Most importantly, they both had rank four cultivation.

Such cultivation was terrifying!

Rank one were considered substandard, rank two could be said to be lackeys while rank three were the main pillars and held their own.

Rank four were already experts among Gu Masters, and were the leaders of ordinary clans. Even in Ten Tyrants, only their boss was at rank four middle stage.

As for rank five, they stood at the peak of the mortal world and were very few in numbers. Even in southern border with hundreds of thousands of mountains and countless heroes, there were only over a hundred rank five Gu Masters.

“Lord twin demons, save me, please save me!” The female Gu Master found a way out of her predicament and knelt on the ground in front of Fang and Bai, imploring.

The surrounding Gu Masters all casted their gazes here.

“These two are the black and white twin demons who just recently became famous, they are unexpectedly so young!”

“Ten Tyrants against black and white twin demons; one has been famous for a long time while the other are rising stars of the demonic path, this should be interesting.”

“As long as the boss of the Ten Tyrants does not show up, they are no match for black and white twin demons. Black and white twin demons got a bargain, getting that beauty for free. Pfft, little beast king will have beauties on his left and right, he really has luck with women.”

Under everyone’s gazes, Fang Yuan took a light step back.

“Save you, why would I save you? Because of your superficial beauty, or do you think I am a kind person and like helping people?” Fang Yuan looked down at the kneeling Gu Master, his gaze cold and indifferent.

The female Gu Master stupidly raised her head to look at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan coldly smiled then looked at the Ten Tyrants’ members behind him: “You can continue, I won’t make a move. I’ve had such a tedious journey coming here, please do give me a good show.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 338: Hu Mei Er 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Hearing Fang Yuan say that, a few members of Ten Tyrants showed a softer expression.

Next, one of them pounced and kept the female Gu Master on the ground.

The female Gu Master struggled to no avail, as this member of Ten Tyrants laughed and pulled with his demonic palm.

Tsk… 

The silk clothing of the female Gu Master was torn open, showing her underwear.

Such a scene caused the people to howl like a wolf, as the demonic Gu Masters were very aroused.

Many righteous Gu Masters gritted their teeth secretly.

Someone wanted to stop them, but was stopped by another: “Don’t do anything. There is not only the Ten Tyrants here, but also the black and white twin demons, are you courting death?”

“Moreover, that female Gu Master is not a righteous character. You don’t have to involve yourself.”

“Damn, members of the demonic path are truly scum of the world, unscrupulous and shameless!” Some Gu Masters were indignant, clenching their fists.

Many female Gu Masters looked away, shutting their eyes.

“No, no! I’m begging you, please stop…” That female Gu Master cried out in despair.

Bai Ning Bing was expressionless, as she stared at Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was sneering, looking at the scene.

“My respects to the two black and white twin demons. We will report your act of friendship to our boss, since you gave the opportunity to us and merely watched.” A Gu Master of Ten Tyrants walked up and cupped his fists towards Fang and Bai, smiling respectfully.

The other members walked to the female Gu Master.

One of them spit out some phlegm, cursing: “Little slut, do you think you can seduce the two lord black and white twin demons by begging? Naive! Stupid!”

“You sure ran fast, next I will make sure you enjoy yourself! Hehehe…” Another person laughed lecherously, looking extremely perverted.

As for the person on top of the female Gu Master, he was about to ‘attack’.

At this moment, a pink light appeared from the female Gu Master’s body, and exploded.

The male Gu Master was caught off guard and sent flying. He was like a comet, flying far away, landing after a hundred steps away, fainted.

“What?!”

“This female Gu Master is trying something funny, let’s attack together!”

“What guts! You dare to resist us?”

The other members of the Ten Tyrants shouted as they pounced at the female Gu Master.

But the next moment, the pink light flashed again, and intense screams were heard.

The members of Ten Tyrant were sent flying all together.

The pink light displayed the female Gu Master’s overwhelming battle strength, as she had a alluring and evil gaze, the disguise on her was completely removed, showing her true flirtatious appearance.

The members of Ten Tyrant were lying on the ground, shocked.

Who knows what methods she used, causing them to be weak and powerless on the ground, unable to get up.

The fierce and evil Ten Tyrant members were actually not the female Gu Master’s match.

Such a sudden change caused everyone’s expressions to change. Many people watched speechlessly, extremely surprised.

Only Fang Yuan’s expression remained the same, as if he knew all along.

The female Gu Master laughed, after showing her true appearance, her alluring eyes were soul-stealing. A slender body with perfect curves, like a flowering peach in spring, made everyone extremely comfortable.

During this period, the members of Ten Tyrant got up.

Their strength slowly recovered.

But even so, the shock on their faces were still apparently. They felt a real rank four aura from the female Gu Master.

This female Gu Master’s cultivation, was actually rank four!

Numerous people’s expressions changed when they found out.

“Little beast king, you left a maiden in distress, are you a man?” The female Gu Master looked at Fang Yuan, showing an upset, annoyed expression, causing people greatly pity her.

At once, all the males stared at her fixedly.

Many Gu Master started to be jealous Fang Yuan. If this woman would give them one glance, it was worth dying for!

But Fang Yuan had no emotions, his tone was like ice, chilling to the bone: “Hu Mei Er, do you think this level of acting can trick me?”

The female Gu Master’s pupils shrunk.

She did not expect Fang Yuan to expose her identity so easily.

But she quickly recovered, her lips pouting: “To think that my lowly name is known by lord little beast king. It is my great honor, but, before I exposed my true appearance, how did lord manage to find out?”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Before you showed your true self, I was only guessing. But whether I guessed right or wrong, I have no losses, am I right?”

Even if Hu Mei Er was a demonic Gu Master, upon hearing Fang Yuan’s cruel words, her heart chilled.

“It is actually her…”

“This woman is famous in the demonic path, she is very scary. An expert at disguise, don’t be moved by her appearance, she is a demoness that devours people whole, she is completely ruthless!”

“Hu Mei Er has a broad network, she has slept with many demonic Gu Masters, why did the Ten Tyrants provoke her?”

Ten Tyrant’s members helped each other up as their faces were pale without a trace of blood.

By now, they had already understood, they were obviously toyed by Hu Mei Er.

Hu Mei Er had rank four cultivation, it was easy for her to deal with them. Her earlier disguise and performance was just to toy with them, she was trying to use them to probe and get close to the black and white demons.

But little beast king had sharp eyes, he actually saw through her disguise.

“Hahaha, Fang Zheng, you are truly heartless… But don’t be too smug. You two have been too famous these few days, now the entire San Cha mountain knows that two demonic path geniuses are here. Be it righteous or demonic path, many seniors and experts are now trying to test you. You have offended many people, I advise you to stop here. Otherwise, you might lose your life when you ascend the mountain.” Hu Mei Er laughed.

“Oh? That means, you are the first person sent to test us? Hehe, why are you worrying about our safety? As for offending people? The one thing I am not afraid of is offending people. So what if I offend every human alive?” Fang Yuan spoke plainly, but his words were chilling.

Hu Mei Er listened as her eyes glowed brightly, showing excitement in her eyes.

She laughed while covering her mouth: “Well said! What great courage, I like it. Not afraid to offend people? Then let me tell you, you looked down on my appearance, that is offending me. In this world, only villains and women are hard to please. I am not only a woman, but also a villain. Hehehe, little beast king, let’s see who laughs till the end! I hope you can leave the mountain alive!”

Hu Mei Er said with a sharp gaze as she turned to leave immediately.

Everyone watched her pink dress flutter in the wind, her beautiful appearance as she left, leaving everyone speechless.

“Hu Mei Er…” Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.

This Hu Mei Er was a demoness in the demonic path. She was very mysterious, no one knew her origins. In his previous life, she was very active, causing problems everywhere, sowing discord, causing fights and disputes wherever she went.

She cultivated the enchantment path, specifically, enchanting people. Using her appearance, she controlled many demonic experts, and she had many puppets all over southern border, among them, there were even rank five Gu Masters.

There were even rank four Gu Masters who fought due to jealousy over her.

However, others did not know her origins, but Fang Yuan knew.

This demoness had a great origin, she was the granddaughter of granny Mei Hua.

Granny Mei Hua was a rank six Gu Immortal in southern border, occupying the Mei Hua blessed land.

The demoness seduced men all over southern border, and had a specific interest in young men. In his previous life, a hundred years from now, she would gather her force and head to Xi Yang mountain.

Nobody knew what happened on the mountain, but the result was, she alone left the mountain.

What was worth mentioning was, she ascended the mountain as a rank four Gu Master, but she descended as rank five peak stage.

“This demoness has an unspeakable secret. Right now, she is starting to display her enchantment path and recruiting people. To think that she would develop an interest in me this time.”

Fang Yuan compared his lives, and exclaimed.

He used the advantages of rebirth to grow quickly, and became chosen by Hu Mei Er. Hu Mei Er was interested in his potential, and wanted to seduce him into her puppet.

But how could that happen?

“Hmph, in the five hundred years of my past life, I had already eliminated my mortal desires. But the enchantment path has its strengths, I cannot be unguarded… Hu Mei Er must’ve gone to incite people to find trouble with me. She has the Gu from granny Mei Hua, if I want to kill her, I will need ample preparation and isolate that Gu from her. Hehe, I wonder which blind fool would dare to find trouble with me.”

Fang Yuan analyzed in his heart.

Since he could not kill Hu Mei Er at the moment, he could only deal with the situation step-by-step.

Right now, Hu Mei Er’s enchantment path had not reached greater success, she only had rank four Gu Masters under her charm.

As long as they are not rank five, Fang Yuan had no fear. He was confident that with his experience and this set of Gu worms, even if he cannot win, he will not lose.

…

Central continent, Tian Ti mountain.

Riding the flying crane, Fang Zheng and others travelled days and nights before arriving.

Before them, many elite disciples from the other ten sects had already arrived.

“It is the people from Immortal Crane Sect.”

“Hmm? Why did Fairy Bi Xia from Heavenly Lotus Sect come with Immortal Crane Sect?”

“Who is that lad? Fairy Bi Xia is talking so happily with him, I have never seen Fairy Bi Xia speak so nicely to a guy from the same generation before.”

Fang Zheng and the others’ arrival attracted everyone’s attention.

“Bi Xia, you arrived too. Do you know, since our last separation, I have been wanting to meet you again. This time, at the Hu Immortal Inheritance, I expected you to come. Thus, I begged my master to let me come here as well.” A young man saw Fairy Bi Xia and quickly came over.

Bi Xia was speaking and laughing with Fang Zheng, but upon seeing him, her smile vanished.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Oh, it is Sir Wei… no need to worry, thanks to young hero Fang Zheng, Bi Xia is safe and sound.” Fairy Bi Xia avoided Wei Wu Shang’s gaze and greeted.

“Young hero Fang?” Wei Wu Shang squinted, looking at Fang Zheng who was standing beside Fairy Bi Xia.

“Hello, I am Immortal Crane Sect’s Fang Zheng.” Fang Zheng smiled lightly, cupping his fists and greeting, oozing with friendliness.

“Young hero Fang Zheng, an elite disciple of Immortal Crane Sect, the number one in the most recent middle examination. He can control ten thousand cranes, thanks to these cranes, we could reach Tian Ti mountain so quickly.”

Fairy Bi Xia said while looking at Fang Zheng, her face blushing shyly, as her tone carried a faint sweetness.

Along the way, she had conversed with Fang Zheng, and felt that they hit it off.

“Immortal Crane? These are just ironbeak flying ranes, although the number is a little large.” Wei Wu Shang’s eyes shone coldly, feeling extremely angry towards Fang Zheng.

He gritted his teeth, greeting Fang Zheng back: “Fang Zheng, you are an elite disciple of Immortal Crane Sect? That’s great. I’ve long heard of Immortal Crane Sect’s crane manipulation skill, I have always wanted to face-off against it. I would appreciate it if you would spar with me.”

Saying so, Wei Wu Shang took large steps forward, his eyes glowing with overbearingness as he stared at Fang Zheng.

Fang Zheng was stunned, as he sensed animosity, feeling absurdity from the issue.

“Hahaha.” In his mind, Lord Sky Crane laughed loudly: “A beauty’s gratitude is the biggest problem, my disciple, the act of saving that little lass Bi Xia has brought you many enemies. This young girl Bi Xia is a great beauty, now that she likes you, you have trouble ahead. This Wei Wu Shang is your first challenger.”

“Huh? Likes me?” Fang Zheng shouted in his mind.

Speaking of love, he felt a deep sorrow in his heart.

These years, he had a girl’s image deep in his heart.

She was a mortal, she was very normal, very ordinary, and much much inferior to Fairy Bi Xia. But in Fang Zheng’s heart, she had an extraordinary cuteness.

The times he spent with her, were the best memories in Fang Zheng’s heart.

 Unfortunately, she was already dead, no longer in this world.

She was Shen Cui, Fang Zheng’s former servant.

Thinking of Shen Cui, Fang Yuan’s heart sank: “The girl I liked is dead. Master, you know how hard I’ve worked these years, my biggest goal is to defeat my brother and take revenge for my ancestors, my uncle and aunt, Shen Cui, lord clan leader, lord Qing Shu, and fulfill their wishes. Although Gu Yue village was destroyed, the Gu Yue bloodline still exists!”

“Hahaha, my foolish disciple, even if that is what you want, this Wei Wu Sheng will not let you off. Since you decided to save Fairy Bi Xia, why didn’t you realize that?” Lord Sky Crane laughed.

“But… I do not want to spar with him. I’ve heard of this Wei Wu Shang in Immortal Crane Sect. He is a healing Gu Master, a rising star in Heaven’s Envy Sect, a strong A grade aptitude genius. He is most skilled in healing himself, often leaving unscathed after a battle. If I battle him, even if I win, my condition will not be at its peak. It will negatively affect my performance when competing for the Gu Immortal Inheritance.”

Lord Sky Crane laughed heartily: “Don’t worry, go ahead and fight. The Hu Immortal Inheritance on Tian Ti mountain is special. It will not make you compete in terms of battle strength, it is a contest of willpower and determination. With my soul assisting you secretly, you have a great advantage!”

After pausing for a while, Lord Sky Crane continued: “You are still too young, you do not know the usefulness of reputation. Sometimes, reputation is more useful than strength, this is a rare opportunity, defeat these challengers and improve your reputation. Use the flying cranes and don’t worry about their deaths. We have lots of cranes in Immortal Crane Sect, even if you use them all, we can return to the sect and replenish your army.”

Hearing his master say so, Fang Zheng sighed, saying to Wei Wu Shang: “Since you want to battle, so be it.”

“Excellent! Please.” Wei Wu Shang sneered, stomping and shooting into the air like lightning.

Fang Zheng did not show any weakness, waving his hand and stepping on a flying crane, as ten thousand cranes cried out together, as if greeting their king.

Once the battle began, everyone got excited.

“Boss Fang Zheng, all the best, defeat this sissy from Heaven’s Envy Sect!” Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples shouted.

“Junior brother Wei, teach this lad a lesson.” Wei Wu Sheng had his supporters.

Wei Wu Shang nodded, intense battle intent burning in his eyes.

He was the leader of the elite disciples sent by Heaven’s Envy Sect this time, Fang Zheng’s ten thousand crane group could scare ordinary elite disciples, but not him.

He had his own trump card!

“Battle!” Wei Wu Shang activated the Gu worms in his body, as his body flashed in the air and vanished.

The next moment, the space was torn apart as he travelled through several hundred steps away, directly appearing in front of Fang Zheng.

“Space piercing Gu?!” Even Lord Sky Crane was shocked.

An intense battle unfolded.

At the same time, on San Cha mountain.

In a certain cave, the Ten Tyrants gathered.

“That means, you were all used by Hu Mei Er to test the Black and White Demons?!” The leader of Ten Tyrants, “Tyrant Heng Mei”, muttered.

“That’s right, boss, that demoness tricked us all, and even injured seventh and tenth brother. Boss, you have to avenge us!” The second brother of Ten Tyrants shouted.

Smack!

Tyrant Heng Mei slapped.

The second brother of Ten Tyrant was harshly slapped on his cheeks, his body turning on the spot.

“Bo… boss!” He held his face, looking at Tyrant Heng Mei in shock.

“Heavily injured? That is perfect, as long as they’re not dead. You bunch with sperms for brains, control your lower body. I instructed you earlier to mind your actions and words already, do you really think this is still Nan mountain?!”

Tyrant Heng Mei scolded: “Wrong! This is San Cha mountain!”

“Be it Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, or Wu Shen Tong, Yi Chong, all of them can kill you like an ant easily. Although you have rank three cultivation, what is the most important reason you are able to stay here? Isn’t it all due to me!”

“Hmph, this matter is a warning to all of you. I have to tell you, don’t find problems with Hu Mei Er. This demoness seduces men to their death, she has a wide network. She is involved with Lin San Chi, has rumors with Li Xian, and even Mo Wu Tian.”

Tyrant Heng Mei’s words shocked the nine brothers.

Lin San Chi was a rank four demonic Gu Master, he was not only skilled in the metal path, but was also an earth path Gu Master. His metal and earth specialty was renowned through the land.

Li Xiao was similarly just as strong, he was not a native of southern border, but came from eastern sea. He was an unscrupulous merchant famous among the demonic path members, most skilled at finding opportunities to buy low and sell high. His network and human relationships were wide, many demonic Gu Master’s loot were sold off by him.

As for Mo Wu Tian, he is even scarier.

He inherited a mysterious inheritance of an ancient Gu Immortal, and was the number one rising star of the demonic path, an absolute young genius.

Be it Lin San Chi, Li Xian, or Mo Wu Tian, they are all rank four Gu Masters.

“These famous people are all related to that demoness?” The members of Ten Tyrant heard this and went pale, their hearts palpitating with fear.

“I’ll tell you one last time, this is not Nan mountain! Sigh, I asked you all to use your brains often and learn from mistakes, but you refuse to listen. Sigh, this three kings inheritance is not a small matter. Who knows how many formidable characters would show up.” Tyrant Heng Mei sighed as he said.

The other brothers looked at each other, speechless.

Tyrant Heng Mei saw that the time was right, and changed the topic: “But no need to worry, on San Cha mountain now, the rank four and five Gu Masters are restraining each other, no one dares to act rashly. We the Ten Tyrants of Nan mountain are not to be trifled with. We cannot take this lying down, let’s go, accompany me to find the black and white demons.”

“Boss, you’re going personally to find the black and white demons?” Someone expressed shock.

“Boss, you are rank four middle stage, a senior of the demonic path, when you were roaming in the world, they were still babies.”

“That’s right, boss, we’ll go and ask them to come. You giving them an audience is their honor.”

“Hmph, what do you know!” Tyrant Heng Mei chided: “The black and white demons are so young. The fact that they did not attack you this time means they know of my name, and know how to hold back. But they are youngsters, they love their ‘face’. If I put down my ego and go to meet them personally, it is giving them full respect. Next, if I mention working together and come up with a plan to deal with Hu Mei Er, they are sure to agree. Hehehe…”

“Boss, I understand. You are using them as the vanguard!”

“Boss, you are a genius. This ‘Black and White Demons’ are only around twenty years old, they are too young. Now, they and Hu Mei Er are at odds, if they hear your suggestion, they would be extremely thrilled.”

“Once boss plans, it truly is phenomenal!”

The Ten Tyrant members started bootlicking their boss.

“Hahaha.” Tyrant Heng Mei laughed loudly, waving his hand: “Brother, come with me to visit the black and white demons!”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked up at San Cha mountain peak.

This San Cha mountain has a peculiar design, from the mountain foot, it goes up to three hills, looking from afar, it resembles a fork with three tips, pointing at the sky.

Above the three peaks are the entrances to the three kings inheritance.

Every once in a while, the mountain peak would shoot out three beams of light, and allow people to enter.

Once the number of people reach an amount, the light pillar to vanish, and the entrance would disappear.

After that, Gu Masters who failed to pass through the tests would be thrown out from time to time. Of course, there are also many deaths inside the inheritance every time.

“There is about eight days till the next opening of the inheritance. Let’s find a place to settle down for now.” Fang Yuan gave the surroundings a sweeping gaze as he saw a cave in the middle of the mountain waist.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 340: Beaten to a pulp 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

San Cha mountain was originally a place no one showed interest towards; and was a place Che clan and Zuo clan had interactions.

However, since the inheritance opened, it had become extremely lively and there would be people moving through the forests frequently.

Clashes and disputes occurred frequently, right now it was still relatively peaceful.

Every time the light pillar opened, the entry quota was limited. At that time, it would be a scene of carnage at San Cha mountain.

To fight for a chance to enter the inheritance, all the Gu Masters chose to stay on the mountain.

This led to a phenomenon. The stronger the Gu Masters, the closer towards the mountain peak they stayed. This caused them to be in a favorable position when the inheritance appeared, since they could much easily rush towards it.

The cave Fang Yuan chose was on the middle of the mountain. From the traces around the cave, there was clearly someone living in it.

Sure enough, when they got near the cave, a loud and clear voice was transmitted from within the cave: “This is my, Mang Kuang’s, territory. Get lost, or else you will die a violent death!”

“Hahaha, Mang Kuang? What crap is that! This place is pretty good, I have taken a liking to it, get lost.” Fang Yuan laughed outside the cave and issued an ultimatum.

“Screw your gr*ndmother, you want it the hard way! Since you are looking to die, then don’t blame me for being ruthless!”

Following the voice, a burly man walked out of the cave.

His upper body was bare; he was wearing a worn-out hemp knitted shorts; cyan snake scales covered his whole body; his face was covered with long beard; blood veins showed on his eyes; and his black hair fell down his head in disarray. He walked out of the cave looking like a furious fiend.

“Two blind fools… eh?!”

Mang Kuang looked at Fang and Bai, he was cursing with his rough voice when suddenly his pupils shrunk and his jaw opened wide. His gaze revealed a bewildered expression.

“You two, could you be the black and white twin demons?”

“What do you think?” Bai Ning Bing laughed faintly, her blue eyes flashing with killing intent.

Mang Kuang only felt chills rising from his back and spreading over his body in seconds.

Black and white twin demons were rank four Gu Masters, while he was only at rank three upper stage. Moreover, he had heard about how these two killed without blinking their eyes, and how cruel their methods were.

“Damn it! I have been hiding here without doing anything, what did I do to deserve this? This really is misfortune dropping from the sky…” Mang Kuang’s thoughts were in disorder.

In an instant, the vicious face suddenly changed; the raised eyebrows drooped, the wide opened eyes narrowed down to a slit, the bent corner of his lips immediately rose up into a smile; he did everything he could to show his goodwill.

“It is my greatest fortune in this life for both lords to take a liking to my cave!”

Mang Kuang bent his back and rubbed his hands, giving a flattering smile towards Fang and Bai.

His body was tall and robust but when he shrunk down and bent his back, his original rampant domineering aura immediately disappeared into oblivion; this matched with his boorish appearance was simply like a clown fiesta.

“Hmm, you are sensible, you can get lost now.” Fang Yuan waved his hand.

“Yes, yes, yes.” Mang Kuang seemed to have received an amnesty as he slipped out and immediately ran far away.

After forcing out Mang Kuang, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered the cave together.

The cave was already arranged properly by Mang Kuang and they did not need to waste their energy to make any arrangements.

“San Cha mountain is filled with danger, we will take turns to stay guard at night for the next eight days. If one sleeps, the other must be awake.” Fang Yuan warned Bai Ning Bing.

“Naturally.” Bai Ning Bing nodded.

“Hui Mei Er won’t leave it at that, we will be facing constant troubles in these eight days. However, it is also good that these people are sending themselves to us, we can establish our might and that matches with our intention.”

Fang Yuan had just finished saying this when a voice came from outside the cave.

“Are black and white twin demons inside? I am Tyrant Heng Mei, I have long looked forward to meeting you two. This time, I especially came in to pay a visit.”

“Tyrant Heng Mei? Isn’t he the boss of Ten Tyrants? I heard he is very cruel, cultivates strength path, likes to eat little children’s flesh and has spread fear over Nanshan.” Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan sneered inside.

He had planned to go find trouble with this Tyrant Heng Mei, but to think the latter actually dropped in himself.

The two walked out of the cave and looked at the eight people standing outside the cave.

At the front was a robust body, bare and flat chest, black chest hair growing all over his chest. A dense aura of rank four middle stage was let out from all over his body.

However, this demonic path’s figure famous for his savageness was wearing a smile right now. When he saw Fang and Bai, he immediately cupped his hands and one could only take him as an elegant black bear at first glance.

“To think the black and white twin demons had such large background.” Tyrant Heng Mei had intentionally spoken in a loud voice and attracted the attention of many nearby Gu Masters.

“Even Tyrant Heng Mei came to pay a visit to them personally.” Many were surprised.

“Fortunately, I ran out….when did Tyrant Heng Mei become so polite?” Mang Kuang still had not run far away, right now he touched his chest and felt the lingering fear.

“Tyrant Heng Mei, it is good you came, I was just about to visit you.” Fang Yuan responded.

Tyrant Heng Mei’s smile became even deeper, thinking Fang Yuan was going to pay a visit to him.

But who knew Fang Yuan’s next words immediately caused his smile to stiffen.

“I heard you are also a strength path Gu Master, let’s enjoy a battle of life and death and determine who is stronger. I, Fang Zheng, am walking the strength path and am going to become the number one in the strength path! Hand over your life!”

Finished speaking, Fang Yuan activated his Gu and directly launched an assault at Tyrant Heng Mei.

“What?!” Tyrant Heng Mei came back to his senses, he was startled and also furious.

He had broken the tradition and came to pay a visit, but to think this ‘Fang Zheng’ was an ungrateful guy and attacked him without saying anything further.

This, what kind of person is this?

Is this still a person? The nerves in his brain are jumbled up, right?!

Fang Yuan did not care about his thoughts as he charged quickly towards Tyrant Heng Mei.

All-out effort Gu !

Without saying any words, he directly attacked.

Grrr!

A brown bear phantom appeared from behind him.

Violent strength Gu !

Tyrant Heng Mei opened his eyes with anger, he did not dodge put put his arms up to block head-on.

With the activation of violent strength Gu, his body enlarged and increased his strength sharply.

Bam!

Fang Yuan fiercely smashed into Tyrant Heng Mei, sending the latter back by five steps while he, himself, bounced back from the terrifying strength.

Tyrant Heng Mei was at rank four middle stage and commanded the other nine members of Ten Tyrants. He had lorded over Nan mountain for many years and had deep foundations.

“Hmph! Little beast king, I gave you face but you don’t know what’s good for you.” Tyrant Heng Mei shouted, but he did not take the initiative to attack.

He was at rank four middle stage and knew he was stronger after crossing one move with Fang Yuan since the latter was only at rank four initial stage.

However, there was not only one rank four on the scene, there was also Bai Ning Bing who was standing there.

Tyrant Heng Mei was sure of winning against Fang Zheng, but it would be very difficult for him to fight against two.

“Tyrant Heng Mei, why are you being so careful? Bai Ning Bing, you deal with the others, Tyrant Heng Mei is mine!” Fang Yuan laughed loudly and shrugged his shoulders before charging towards Tyrant Heng Mei again.

“I will give you five minutes, if you can’t finish it by then, I will take over.” Bai Ning Bing slightly raised her brows, her blue eyes flashing with sharp light.

“Boastful juniors!” Hearing Fang and Bai’s casual conversation, Tyrant Heng Mei felt his anger was about to burst out.

He had a violent temperament, he already outdid himself by maintaining his patience till now. Knowing that the situation was hard to improve, he threw away his other thoughts and let the murderous aura in his mind surge forth.

Fight!

Two sides collided.

Fang Yuan against Tyrant Heng Mei while Bai Ning Bing suppressed the remaining members of the Ten Tyrants.

It was a chaotic battlefield!

Boulders were smashed, mountain creeks ran dry, caves collapsed, and there were sounds of thunder-like explosions.

Tyrant Heng Mei became more fearful. Fang Yuan possessed bitter strength Gu , his strength and fighting strength grew the more injuries he suffered.

When he crossed moves against Fang Yuan just before, he had thought the so-called little beast king was no more than that.

Reaching the halfway stage, his expression turned grave.

And when Fang Yuan burst out with six beast phantoms at the same time, Tyrant Heng Mei’s face lost color.

“This little beast king, how could he be so strong?! Not only is his Gu worm combination superior to mine, he also has plentiful battle experience. How did he live to have such skillful and ruthless moves, there is not even a shadow of a young person in him. He is simply a hundred year old monster!”

“No wonder he acts so overbearingly, with such strength, even I would have no worries in acting like this. I have failed bad this time! I must retreat!”

Fang Yuan met frontal attacks with swift and fierce strikes, like a fierce tiger leaving the mountain or a flood dragon overturning the seas. Tyrant Heng Mei was gasping and his energy and blood were in disorder from Fang Yuan’s attacks.

The main point was, every time Fang Yuan suffered injuries, he would become stronger.

Now, Tyrant Heng Mei was already not able to continue fighting against Fang Yuan. If Fang Yuan became even stronger, that would be too horrible!

Every time Tyrant Heng Mei thought of this, his fighting spirit decreased by a little.

As the fight continued, he did not dare to attack at all. There were clear opportunities to attack Fang Yuan, but he started hesitating.

“What should I do, attack or not?”

With such thoughts, how could he fight well?

Tyrant Heng Mei was slowly falling into a passive situation; Fang Yuan however, had let go of all his apprehension, his attacks were like the tides, coming waves after waves, continuous and endless.

Beast phantoms flashed one after another in the air, there would be violent sounds every time Fang Yuan attacked.

The explosive sounds came again and again, all the people who heard it felt their hearts throb in fear.

“What kind of fierce offense is this?!”

“Even a formidable senior like Tyrant Heng Mei is not Fang Zheng’s match…”

“Fang Zheng is clearly at rank four initial stage but he is suppressing the middle stage Tyrant Heng Mei.”

“Little beast king…” Many people were secretly observing the battle and thought over this nickname of Fang Yuan.

“Who is the tyrant here?” Mang Kuang felt quite helpless. He could tell Fang Yuan was more brutish and more unreasonable than Tyrant Heng Mei. The fiendish Tyrant Heng Mei paled in comparison to Fang Zheng.

“Fang Zheng, don’t go too far!” Tyrant Heng Mei spurted out blood; his chest, arms and legs were all completely fractured. He wanted to retreat, but Fang Yuan had already seen through his plan. Bai Ning Bing killed the other members of the Ten Tyrants and firmly locked him down.

Howl howl howl!

Howl howl howl!

Fang Yuan pointed his finger, six large beast phantoms turned into solid forms and fell down from the sky, submerging Tyrant Heng Mei.

Bam!

A loud sound echoed and dust scattered everywhere.

Tyrant Heng Mei was beaten to a pulp, his internal organs and bone fragments splattered over the ground.

Gasp…

Countless sharp inhaling noises could be heard from the surroundings.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 341: What ferocity and wickedness! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tian Ti mountain was the number one mountain in central continent. It was also called the land of inheritances and the mountain of sages.

Its height was over three thousand kilometers, it was imposing and had a grand presence. Its peak seemed to pierce through the skies and was hidden beyond the snowy fog and clouds.

What was extremely unusual was there were not many craggy rocks on the mountain.

Giant square shaped rocks reclined upon each other, stretching from the base of the mountain towards the top, forming stairs.

However, the scale of this stairs was so huge that there was an old legend about it in central continent saying the stairway reached the realm of the immortals and was a bridge connecting heaven and earth.

There were many touching, mysterious, tragic, and joyful stories revolving around Tian Ti mountain.

Tian Ti mountain became the holy land of central continent’s Gu Masters, a place closest to the immortal court. Many Gu Masters seeked for immortality but failed, and before death, they would place their tombs here. At the same time, a large majority of them would also set up their inheritances here.

Tian Ti mountain hid countless inheritances, and only those fated could obtain them.

Every year, after clouds and mist that covered it dispersed, Tian Ti mountain would experience an enormous flow of people. Many inheritances would be inherited, and many new inheritances would be set up.

However, this year was different.

This year, the inheritance that opened at Tian Ti mountain was Hu Immortal blessed land which led to the appearance of Gu Immortals. After discussing, they made an alliance and locked this mountain, setting up a contest for their sect’s juniors.

Right now, at the foot of Tian Ti mountain, an intense battle between the youngsters was already reaching its end.

Ten thousand cranes flew together and floated around Fang Zheng. Wei Wu Shang was panting and his clothes were in rags; he stared straight at Fang Zheng from within the layers of encirclement by the cranes.

“No, I haven’t lost yet! I still have my trump card!” Wei Wu Shang was not resigned to admit defeat after being at the losing end.

If it was an ordinary situation, he would have conceded defeat already. But god knew how many elite disciples were fixing their gazes at this match.

Wei Wu Shang was not representing only himself but also the Heaven’s Envy Sect behind him. At the same time, others did not matter but Fairy Bi Xia whom he admired was also watching the match.

“I cannot lose!” With this thought, Wei Wu Shang valiantly activated a Gu in his aperture.

He had always been hiding this Gu, not using it even at the important sect examination.

Once this Gu was activated, it created a colorless breeze.

The light breeze revolved around Wei Wu Shang’s body, moving his clothes and caressing his hair.

However, Fang Zheng looked like he was facing a great enemy.

It was because Lord Sky Crane had already reminded him loudly: “Not good! This kid actually has injury wind Gu. Defend, defend with all your might, this Gu can whip up injury wind; it looks light and harmless, but it is extremely terrifying. Heaven’s Envy Sect’s junior was not weak indeed. This seems to be his trump card!”

Injury wind blew; Fang Zheng completely gave up on attacking and used all his strength to defend.

Injury wind looked gentle, but wherever it blew, the cranes cried out in pain; countless ironbeak flying cranes crashed down to the ground like their wings were broken.

Injury wind blew on Fang Zheng’s body; the defensive light around his body continuously flickered.

Beads of sweat dripped from Fang Zheng’s forehead, he gritted his teeth and transferred the primeval essence from his aperture to his defensive Gu endlessly.

The stalemate lasted a while, finally Wei Wu Shang sighed inwardly and stopped activating injury wind Gu.

It was not that he did not want to continue the fight, but his aperture was already close to drying up.

Gu Masters all had a common point, that was when primeval essence was consumed, the Gu Master’s fighting strength would sharply decrease.

Rank one to rank five Gu Masters all suffered from the restraints of primeval essence. Only when they went beyond mortal and reached the realm of immortals, becoming a Gu Immortal, would they be able to have endless primeval essence.

“I lost.” Wei Wu Shang’s gaze was dark.

He had calculated it clearly: His primeval essence was exhausted and so he did not have any more strength to battle. However, Fang Zheng had been commanding flying cranes to battle from the start; his primeval essence consumption was relatively less and was sure to have some more primeval essence left.

“Brother Wei is worthy to be Heaven’s Envy Sect’s elite disciple, possessing such unusual and incisive methods; I have increased my knowledge and my horizons have been broadened. My primeval essence has also almost been exhausted by brother. How about we consider this spar as a draw?” Fang Zheng smiled.

“What?” Wei Wu Shang was stunned.

What was Fang Zheng saying? He was very clear of his own situation. How could he have a Gu that could exhaust Fang Zheng’s primeval essence?

However, Wei Wu Shang immediately realized Fang Zheng was telling a lie.

“Fang zhen is giving me a way out of this situation.” After understanding Fang Zheng’s plan, there was a complex expression on Wei Wu Shang’s face.

The disciples of every great sect could not casually make their moves.

Because they represented not only themselves, but also the sect behind them.

Moreover, with Fairy Bi Xia at the scene, Wei Wu Shang could truly not afford to lose this battle.

Since Fang Zheng gave him a way out, Wei Wu Shang quickly cupped his fists towards Fang Zheng after hesitating for a moment: “Brother Fang is a young hero, I am filled with admiration. Immortal Crane Sect indeed has deep foundations for being able to teach a figure like brother. I have benefitted from this spar and like brother Fang said, we will consider this match a draw.”

Wei Wu Shang said so on the surface, but in truth, he secretly transmitted to Fang Zheng: “Fang Zheng, I, Wei Wu Shang, shall remember your leniency and will definitely repay it in the future. However, Fairy Bi Xia is my love, I will not concede on this. I will train harder and spar with you again in the future!”

Fang Zheng smiled, he nodded on the surface, but was inwardly feeling a headache.

Wei Wu Shang continued with the secret communication: “Fang Zheng, you need to be careful. Fairy Bi Xia has many admirers, not just me. Even with your formidable strength, you will still have four competitors. They are Heaven River Chen Da Jiang, Rising Purple Lightning Gu Ting, Nine Death Sorrowful Wind Tang Ru Qi and Tigress Zhao Shu Ye. You are so close with Fairy Bi Xia, they will definitely come find trouble for you. You better not lose.”

Fang Zheng’s gaze could not help but flicker at the mention of these four famous names, feeling that his headache had become worse.

As for Lord Sky Crane, he was laughing heartily in his mind.

Sure enough, like Wei Wu Shang said, three days later, disciples of Ancient Soul Sect arrived at Tian Ti mountain. Leading them was Gu Ting, and after knowing of the matter between Fairy Bi Xia and Fang Zheng, he immediately sent a challenge.

To avoid this unexpected calamity, Fang Zheng chose to avoid the fight.

Gu Ting naturally was not willing to leave the matter at that; he would visit Fang Zheng’s residing cave every day and provoke him to a fight.

He continued this for seven days in a row.

His words became more vulgar as time passed. Immortal Crane Sect’s other disciples were unsatisfied and went to find him but were defeated.

Ancient Soul Sect’s momentum rose greatly, and at the eight day, everyone went to block Fang Zheng’s cave entrance and cursed endlessly.

“Fang Zheng, you ostrich, still not coming out?”

“Fang Zheng you are hiding now, but can you hide for your entire life? Obediently stop getting in contact with Fairy Bi Xia and big brother Gu Ting will magnanimously spare you.”

“Immortal Crane Sect is merely so, they actually taught such cowardly disciple.”

 …

At the mention of Immortal Crane Sect, Fang Zheng who was in the cave let out a sigh and helplessly walked out of the cave.

He could endure the curses directed towards him. However, once it involved his master, his temperament changed. Disciple needed to uphold the prestige of their masters, this was an important value of central continent. If he did not uphold it, then when he returned to Fei He mountain later, he would be impeached and even receive punishment.

Lord Sky Crane made a loud din inside him: “Gahaha… Fang Zheng, my disciple, do you understand now? What I have been telling you from the start is not wrong, right? Blindly enduring will let others misunderstand and bully you. In this world, the more harmless and cowardly you appear, the more people will appear that will want to bully you. Fight, defeat this Gu Ting! Shut the mouth of these people from Ancient Soul Sect! Improve your reputation!”

“Sigh… one has to compromise in this world , I really feel it now. I can only fight!” Fang Zheng gained an understanding with this event.

Gu Ting, come, let’s fight! 

 …

At the similar time as the fight between Fang Zheng and Gu Ting, far away at southern border’s San Cha mountain, a battle ended.

The battlefield was a mess; blood all over the ground, smashed rocks, destroyed trees and craters all around.

Fang Yuan stood proud on the battlefield while his opponent Fei Li was kneeling on the ground, kowtowing and begging for forgiveness.

“Lord Fang Zheng, please be magnanimous and spare me!” Fei Li continuously kowtowed while begging bitterly.

He had a cultivation of rank four middle stage and was also a strength path Gu Master. He had been full of spirits, but now his body was soaked with blood, his right arm broken and his two legs fractured, cutting out an extremely sorry figure.

“Since you are begging for forgiveness, then first hand over your expend strength Gu and I shall consider whether to accept it or not.” Fang Yuan looked down upon Fei Li, cold light bursting out of his eyes.

Fei Li hesitated before handing over expend strength Gu.

This Gu was his vital Gu and also his core Gu, it made his enemies waste more strength when making any movements, doubling the expenditure of their stamina.

Handing over the expend strength Gu, Fei Li lost his vital Gu and suffered a heavy backlash, spurting out huge mouthfuls of blood.

Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed as he accepted expend strength Gu: “I have considered, expend strength Gu is not enough to exchange for your life.”

Fei Li’s eyes opened wide and not considering the critical state of his body, he shouted: “Lord Fang Zheng, this is my most precious Gu!”

Bam!

With a shift of Fang Yuan’s mind, beast phantoms directly pounced forward and turned Fei Li into minced meat.

“Pauper.” Fang Yuan looked at the disfigured corpse below him and sneered.

Then his gaze swept through the battlefield.

The spectators were not few, but all of them subconsciously chose to avoid Fang Yuan’s gaze.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “What’s wrong? Sky Tiger Xue San Si isn’t here? You guys tell her, we are both strength path Gu Masters, three days later, I will come visit her and exchange pointers!”

The moment these words came out, it caused an uproar.

Little beast king was too violent; a few days ago, he had killed Tyrant Heng Mei, and at this battle, Fei Li begged him for forgiveness, but he did not let him go and smashed him into minced meat.

Now, he was going to challenge Sky Tiger Xue San Si!

What ferocity and wickedness was this!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 342: Biao 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“What, the little beast king is challenging me?” When she first heard the news, Xue San Si refused to believe it.

She was thinking, she had no relationship with the black and white demons, she had never offended them, not even meeting them before. How could they come to find trouble with her for no reason?

But soon, she investigated, and realized this was true!

“How can this be? What is this little beast king’s brain made of? The three kings inheritance is opening in a few days, he still has the mood to challenge me? What did I do to you, why are you messing with me like this?!”

Xue San Si felt helpless and annoyed.

“Is it simply because we are both on the strength path, thus he wants to compare who is stronger? Sigh, this maniac!”

Xue San Si thought about it thoroughly, finally classifying Fang Yuan as a lunatic, unable to be understood by a normal human.

A few months ago, she had heard of the reputation of the black and white demons.

As the passed, the two of them got more famous, as rumors spread further and wider.

They are the publicly recognised new rising stars of the demonic path.

Initially, Xue San Si did not mind it, Fang Yuan and Hu Mei Er had a conflict, and she was gloating over it.

But now, she could not laugh anymore.

After the black and white demons came to San Cha mountain, they not only did not keep a low profile, but even create huge problems.

Especially that little beast king, he does things with no discretions, unreasonable and ruthless, causing people to feel threatened.

Tyrant Heng Mei from Ten Tyrants visited him out of goodwill, but was killed. Fei Li already begged for mercy, but Fang Yuan did not let him off, beating him to a pulp, into meat paste.

The thing is, those were rank four Gu Masters, with middle stage cultivation. But little beast king used initial stage cultivation to kill these two outrightly. Such battle strength bred fear in people’s hearts.

Xue San Si also had rank four middle stage cultivation, she feels that her strength was about the same as Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li. Now that Fang Yuan was challenging her, her heart sank as she felt a great threat, even a trace of fear that she had to admit!

“This Fang Zheng is too cruel and unreasonable. He is trying to step on us, these seniors’ corpses to strengthen his reputation. Fei Li was the sacrifice for his ambitions, now it is my turn.”

Such arrogant acts, Xue San Si had done it when she was young.

But back then, she only killed rank three Gu Masters, she was nowhere near Fang Yuan’s ruthlessness, choosing Gu Masters at a higher stage than him to battle.

To speak the truth, Xue San Si did not want to battle with this lunatic Fang Yuan. But unfortunately, her godfather was in closed cultivation refining a Gu recently, now that Fang Yuan publicly challenged her, she had to accept it.

In this world, people often had no choice.

If she, Xue San Si, did not accept the challenge, the reputation that she had built up all these years would go down the drain.

Xue San Si has been in the demonic path for many years. She had a clear understanding of this world’s cruelty.

This was a difficult world to live in, for that chance of survival, all the different species fight it out with their lives!

The kinder and weaker you show yourself, not only would you not gain peace, but you would even get yourself into greater danger, and attract the greed of many.

Demonic path Gu Masters who got to Xue San Si’s height have surely killed many people, and offended even more people.

The world was like this, if you did not kill people, and offend people, how could you gain the resources needed to advance your cultivation? How could you gain fame from battle results?

To defend her reputation, Xue San Si quickly agreed to Fang Yuan’s challenge.

The two decided on a wide valley as the location for their battle.

Three days later, Xue San Si saw Fang Yuan for the first time.

She was shocked, Fang Yuan did not have the fierce appearance in her imagination, in fact he looked rather gentlemanly, without any boorish features, his eyes were dark like an abyss, extremely peaceful.

“Sky Tiger, I’ve heard of you, you offended a higher-up in your clan, and was exiled. You secretly worked hard, taking a risk to kill beast kings, and using the Gu worms u gained to arm yourself, finally becoming an expert slowly and steadily. After that, you went back and killed the numerous elders that framed you in the past. To be honest, I admire you quite a bit.” Fang Yuan spoke.

Such a respectful tone caused people to listen in shock.

“Why did he change his nature? Speaking so politely?”

“Does he have an interest in Sky Tiger? To be fair, although Sky Tiger looks ordinary, she has the proper curves, her body is great, she is indeed a beauty.”

“Hmph, is little beast king that kind of person? He disregarded even Hu Mei Er, he is ruthless and cold-blooded, a fearsome person. I’ve learnt from these few days, you guys should not place any hopes on him.”

As the people discussed, Xue San Si replied Fang Yuan: “I’m flattered. Little beast king, the name of the black and white demons is renowned in this area.”

Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “I cultivate the strength path, you are the same. If we spar, it will help both of us learn more. Before this, I have sparred with Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li, these two were great and gave me quite an experience. But such a sparring method is boring to me now. This time, why don’t we change the sparring method.”

Xue San Si listened, and raised her eyebrows: “Oh? What idea do you have, I’ll listen to it.”

“Simple, I’ll stand here and let you hit me. After you finish, I’ll hit you. Isn’t that great and simple, it will end faster too. How about this, since you are a woman, I’ll give you three hits, after that, I will only retaliate with one hit.” Fang Yuan smiled as he said.

“Sparring like that?” Xue San Si’s eyes glowed, attracted to Fang Yuan’s proposal.

Fang Yuan staying still and letting her do three hits, such a suggestion was too alluring.

“Alright, let’s do that.” Xue San Si considered it through, agreeing.

“Please.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly, staying still as he stretched out his right palm.

Xue San Si’s eyes shone with brilliance, as her killing intent surged, shouting: “First move!”

Several Gu worms were activated at the same time in her aperture.

Her slim arms burst out in a bright light, turning into two tiger claws.

The tiger claws tore through the sky, hitting Fang Yuan harshly.

Fang Yuan vomited a mouthful of blood, flying out like a cannonball, landing on a huge rock behind him.

Bam!

There was a loud crash as the rock exploded, rock shrapnels flying everywhere.

“Good hit.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, standing up. His chest had an obvious concavity, at least four ribs were broken.

Not only that, Fang Yuan felt his intestines were bleeding too.

As the intense pain assaulted him, Fang Yuan endured it as his nerves were undergoing a huge trial.

Xue San Si’s expression changed.

“That’s right, Fang Zheng made a good plan. The more injured he got, the greater the strength he can use. Then do I attack harder or softer now?”

The harder she hits, the more injured Fang Yuan gets, and the higher his battle strength gets. If she hit softer, when it is his turn, she would be able to defend more easily.

‘No, I should use all my strength to attack. Kill him in three hits!” Xue San Si considered as she made up her mind.

“Second move!”

She shouted and activated her Gu worm, as her body expanded over twice her original size, becoming a giant!

The hair on her body became longer, becoming brownish-yellow tiger fur.

Her eyes became tiger eyes, and her teeth grew out of her mouth, becoming fangs. On her forehead, there was a symbol.

Her strength more than doubled.

As she pounced on Fang Yuan, a beast phantom appeared behind her body.

A fierce tiger growling towards the heavens, giving off an imposing aura! Its body was covered in brownish-yellow fur, and it had a tough muscular body, most importantly, there was a pair of wings on its back.

A tiger with wings!

A fierce tiger that has wings!

That means it is a — Biao!

Tiger was the king of the hundred beasts. And Biao is a flying tiger, the king among the tigers. Three hounds and one molosser, five tigers and one Biao!

The strength of a Biao was five times of a tiger!

The beast phantom of a Biao can suppress three to four of Fang Yuan’s ordinary beast phantoms.

Xue San Si’s strength had already more than doubled, but now she unleashed the strength of a Biao!

Under this huge force, Fang Yuan flew away like a shooting star, landing several hundred steps way, crashing on a mountain wall.

Bam!

The entire mountain valley shook intensely.

The mountain rocks collapsed, engulfing Fang Yuan.

“Such strength!”

“Is Fang Zheng dead?”

“No, not yet, his aura is still around!”

The collapsed rocks were pushed away. Fang Yuan walked out, his arms were completely crippled, his iron bones were broken, his steel tendons were mushed, and his bronze skin was torn.

Every step he walked, his body felt weak and was on the brink of collapsing.

The Fang Yuan now could definitely unleash eight beast phantoms.

But these injuries were recovering.

Fang Yuan activated the self-reliance Gu, the healing effect now had far surpassed the flesh-bone Gu.

“Third move!” Xue San Si was anxious, not wanting to give Fang Yuan time to recover.

A pair of wings grew out of her back.

This large pair of wings was brownish-yellow in color, as it flapped, Xue San Si flew to the sky.

She flew higher and higher, until she was about one kilometer in the sky, before she dived down.

She had calculated it long ago, this was the limit to how high she could go. Any higher and she would get injured from the impact after diving down.

As everyone watched nervously, Xue San Si charged towards Fang Yuan.

The image of a Biao appeared again.

This time, it did not appear above her body, but directly overlapped her actual body.

This moment, she seemed to have become a true Sky Tiger!

“With this move, you are finished!!!” Xue San Si growled as her killing intent surged.

Activating two Biao phantoms in a row caused her to pay a huge price.

This was her strongest power, her strongest attack!

She was confident of killing Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan looked up at her, activating golden shield Gu.

But golden shield Gu was rank three, could it block Xue San Si’s strongest attack?



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 343: Shameless and Despicable 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The lush valley enlarged rapidly in Xue San Si’s eyes.

Wind blew past and buzzed intensely on her ears.

Xue San Si’s face that had completely changed looked down at Fang Yuan with her tiger eyes, the corner of her lips already curled up into a bloodthirsty smile.

She could almost see little beast king being flattened into minced meat by her unprecedentedly fierce attack.

“There is no way he can survive such an impact!”

When she saw Fang Yuan activating golden shield Gu and his body covered by the golden light, she could not help but sneer inwardly.

“Rank three golden shield Gu? Even if it was the advanced rank four golden bell shield, it would not be able to defend against my attack.”

The intensity of the battles between rank four Gu Masters was very high and was not something the defense of a rank three Gu could match.

“This time, I will let these juniors know what happens when they act so arrogantly!” Xue San Si’s killing intent was already so overwhelming that it was threatening to burst out.

“Finished, Fang Zheng is finished this time!” When they sensed the fierce attack of Xue San Si, many of the spectators shouted out.

“This is good, little beast king had been too rampant, he should be taught a lesson!” Many righteous Gu Masters were feeling happy at this scene.

“Looks like little beast king wants to rely on golden shield Gu to resist this attack. That is really too naive.”

“No, maybe he will activate beast phantom. The combined strength of eight beast phantoms is not a small matter. But if he does that, he would be breaking the agreement they made earlier. As long as he attacks, he will be breaking the agreement and it will mean his loss.”

The spectators, whether they were of righteous path or demonic path, all wished for Fang Yuan to lose this battle.

Fang Yuan’s activities these days brought them an enormous mental pressure.

“No, there is still an influencing factor on the battlefield – Bai Ning Bing!”

Whoosh whoosh whoosh!

Several figures suddenly moved to the entrance of the valley and silently surrounded Bai Ning Bing.

These people tacitly took the same measure.

If Bai Ning Bing moved to save Fang Yuan, they would stop her.

The terrifying thing about the black and white demons was the close cooperation between these two rank four Gu Masters. Now everything bode ill for little beast king after they restrained Bai Ning Bing.

If little beast king fell, then only Bai Ning Bing would be left and it would not be that threatening.

Fang Yuan’s gaze was indifferent as he looked up at Xue San Si, in the depths of his pupils was a trace of mockery.

Xue San Si had yet to collide against him, but a formless wind pressure was already pressing towards him. From another side, it showed the tremendous strength of the imminent collision.

The phantom of Biao enveloped Xue San Si, the wings on her back flapped continuously as her speed increased more and more, and closed towards the ground.

Soon, this force would collide against Fang Yuan.

Suddenly!

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a bright light, and he activated a Gu.

Horizontal charge Gu!

He suddenly charged towards the left and then turned around.

Vertical crash Gu!

He charged a hundred steps away.

“Little beast king, you!!!” Xue San Si’s anger flared up when she saw Fang Yuan suddenly running away, she opened her eyes so wide that the corners were about to rip!

She did her best to control her descent, but her speed was too fast and she could only let Fang Yuan run out of her attack range.

Seeing Fang Yuan suddenly retreat, the spectators had yet to react when the next moment, there was an enormous explosion like a bolt from the blue.

BOOM!

Xue San Si fiercely collided onto the ground, in that instant, the spectators around the valley could sense the ground under them shaking!

Crushed stones shot out everywhere, the collision created a strong wind pressure that immediately shot out towards all direction.

Everywhere the wind pressure reached, stones, trees, and plants were all uprooted and moved with it.

Smoke and dust whirled around, the enormous destructive force instantly formed a thirty meters huge round crater.

Everyone’s heart pulsed rapidly in fear, and just as they were feeling moved about this destructive force, Fang Yuan suddenly changed direction and charged into the smoke.

Horizontal charge Gu, vertical crash Gu!

He used the two Gu one after another and rapidly charged towards Sky Tiger Xue San Si, not caring about the pain from the cold wind pressure and the crushed stones.

Xue San Si was in the center of the huge crater, her body covered in dirt from the collision and was cutting out a sorry figure.

Her ears kept on buzzing and a burst of dizziness attacked her mind.

The fierce Biao phantom had already dispersed. Her incomparably powerful bearing from just before was no longer there.

Bitter strength Gu, all-out effort Gu!

Fang Yuan hurried, an ominous glint shot out from his eyes.

Howl howl howl…

Eight beasts roared one after another.

Boar, brown bear, crocodile, green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant and black python, eight phantoms made their loud debut in the air above Fang Yuan!

Strength Qi Gu!

Yellow gold primeval essence severely depleted as it poured into strength qi Gu, creating a huge formless strength Qi.

This strength Qi attached itself to the eight beast phantoms; the beast phantoms turned solid and life-like one after another.

With a shift of Fang Yuan’s mind, the eight beast phantoms charged towards the crater.

Xue San Si’s body was shaking and she was just about to pull out her legs from the ground when she suddenly heard beast roars from above her.

She immediately raised her head and all she saw was darkness, countless attacks rained down on her like a windstorm.

Bam Bam Bam… the tragic sounds of the battle echoed from the huge crater.

Xue San Si did her best to struggle and resist, after all she was a rank four Gu Master and had strong foundations.

However, not even three minutes later, the sounds of battle stopped. Five out of eight phantoms remained and were shortly recalled by Fang Yuan.

And Xue San Si, as the loser, had a mournful end. Pieces of her corpse were littered over the crater, her blood sprayed all over the ground and dyed the white bone pieces, there were also the brain matter, hair and so on.

Smoke and dust dispersed, the whole battlefield became clear.

When they saw such an outcome, the spectators all burst out in an uproar.

“Sky tiger is dead, another rank four Gu Master has been killed by little beast king!”

“Didn’t little beast king make an agreement with Xue San Si? He said he would not not move, but he ended up running.”

“This battle should be little beast king’s loss. Because he went back against the battle agreement he himself set!”

The valley was a scene of commotion as the spectators commented and discussed; they were stunned and furious, showing intense resentment and disdain towards Fang Yuan’s shameless behavior.

Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily and her indifferent gaze swept through the battlefield.

She had already expected this outcome. The so-called agreement was only a trap Fang Yuan set.

What kind of person was Fang Yuan? She, Bai Ning Bing, was the person who knew it the best!

The Gu Masters that were surrounding Bai Ning Bing all tacitly retreated at the same time.

Fang Yuan heard the rebukes, disdain and ridicule of the many Gu Masters around the valley, but he stood there with his hands behind his back and his face tranquil. His eyes squinted as if he was enjoying this.

In his eyes, this so-called ‘sincerity’ was merely people fearing deception, thus hoping and requesting others to follow their standards.

Walking the demonic path, one should have no restraints and taboos.

So what if he went against the agreement?

So what if he did not keep his promise?

As long as one had enough strength, they could do whatever they liked. What could other’s disdain and ridicule do? These powerless and hollow words only manifested the helplessness of the weak, could it hurt a single hair of his?

‘Hehehe….this Xue San Si is really stupid. She was actually bound by reputation and came running over to accept my challenge.’

Fang Yuan was in contempt of this: “Reputation is meant to be made use of, it is only a tool. But in this world, there are so many people who treats fame more importantly than their lives. Haha… really laughable! Of course, I did use some tricks in this match.”

Xue San Si was different from Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li; she possessed flying type Gu and she could just fly to a high altitude if the situation turned bad, and Fang Yuan would have no way to deal with her.

Thus, Fang Yuan raised the agreement at the start. His goal was to restrain Xue San Si’s movement ability.

When he mentioned the condition of three strikes, he had already not planned to abide by it.

Xue San Si fell step by step into Fang Yuan’s trap, and Fang Yuan’s injuries enticed her to continually advance forward.

After the second strike, Fang Yuan intentionally healed himself in front of her. Xue San Si was not willing to see her efforts go to waste and under her worry, without thinking much, she flew to the sky choosing to use her strongest attack.

However, in the end, Fang Yuan instead borrowed her strength to weaken her greatly by using little effort, then quickly went in to attack and killed her.

If it was truly an upright and frank battle, Xue San Si could fly with her wings and would absolutely not be so easily killed by Fang Yuan.

“Little beast king, you really are shameless and despicable.”

“You went back against the agreement, you are the loser in this match!”

Many spectators started shouting and yelling, saying similar words.

“That’s right. I admit defeat, so what?” Fang Yuan scoffed and replied loudly.

His voice reverberated in the valley.

The clamorous din suddenly quietened down…

‘That’s right, so what if he lost? Look at the winner, she has turned into a puddle of blood and flesh, even her own father won’t be able to recognize her. What meaning is there in such an outcome?’

After reacting to this point, the noises in the valley suddenly rose an octave, much more violent than before.

Fang Yuan calmly admitted his defeat and even more showed his shamelessness; causing the spectators to feel indignant and furious.

Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed heartily: “Since you guys are feeling such anger, do you want to take revenge for Xue San Si? I didn’t know she had such good relationships. Come, come, come, all of you who wants to take revenge come at me together!”

The fierce criticism from the spectators suddenly quietened down and the surroundings turned silent in a moment.

Although Fang Yuan pulled a fast one and killed Xue San Si, Xue San Si was a famous rank four middle stage figure in the end and it was impossible for her to lack strength after the three attacks. However, she was also turned into meat paste by Fang Yuan, displaying Fang Yuan’s formidable fighting strength once more.

Fang Yuan defeated three rank four middle stage experts in a row with his rank four initial stage cultivation. Such strength, other than a few individuals, who would not feel fear?

Moreover, the heavier the injuries Fang Yuan suffered, the stronger his strength became.

Fang Yuan arrogantly challenged them, but no one stood up.

Demonic Gu Masters were mutually restrained and held suspicions towards each other, almost every one of them was a loner; no one stood out for Xue San Si. On the contrary, some members of righteous path wanted to eradicate this devil Fang Yuan, but they could not easily move at this moment.

Why?

Because once they stood up, it would become taking revenge for Xue San Si. And Xue San Si was a demonic figure!

“Is there no one that wants to take revenge for her? Is there or not?” Fang Yuan again asked loudly.

Countless spectators’ expression turned gloomy. Some looked at each other but no one replied.

“If there is no one, I am leaving.” Fang Yuan raised his brows and walked a few steps before he stopped, “I am really leaving.”

Still, no one spoke.

Fang Yuan’s dominance suppressed everyone present. Such a rampant bearing made many rank four experts indignant.

Many people became restless but still restrained themselves in the end.

“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan raised his head towards the sky and laughed loudly as he walked away with large strides, soon leaving the battlefield.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 344: Talented without Virtue 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Big brother Li, you need to make a move…” Hu Mei Er lied back on Li Xian’s chest and spoke coquettishly.

Li Xian was short and fat. He had a round nose, large eyes and wide forehead, his hair also let out a greasy shine. Right now, one of his short and rough hand was on Hu Mei Er’s delicate little waist while the other hand was on her leg.

Li Xian was a rank four upper stage Gu Master! However, he rarely fought, making a living by doing business and was a famous unscrupulous merchant of the demonic path, having wide connections.

He embraced Hu Mei Er and said with a lecherous smile: “Mei Er, your body feels like there are no bones with skin as delicate as jade. I haven’t seen you for a few days and you have become more beautiful.”

Hu Mei Er rolled her eyes and said in a displeased tone: “Big brother Li, I am trying to talk to you. That black and white twin demons offended me, I am already yours, you must seek justice for me!”

“Ok, ok…” Li Xian half-heartedly spoke while his ten fingers wandered over Hu Mei Er’s body.

Hu Mei Er’s breathing became rough and her face flushed red. Along with her watery eyes, she looked very alluring.

However, her mind was as clear as snow.

She tried to persuade Li Xian but he only muttered ‘mmm’ and did not agree, instead taking advantage of her.

Hu Mei Er pushed Li Xian and stood up with aggrieved expression: “Big brother Li, give me a definite answer! I have been begging you like this, do you not pity me?”

“Sigh, my darling, my little treasure. It is not that your big brother Li doesn’t want to do it, but dealing with the black and white demons will be somewhat tricky. They are two rank four Gu Masters, your big brother Li is a lone force, just one person.” Li Xian spread his arms with a helpless expression.

Hu Mei Er snorted: “Alright, I shall lower the bar. You only need to deal against that little beast king. This Fang Zheng is the most hateful! You can leave that Bai Ning Bing alone for now.”

“This…” Li Xian hesitated.

“Big brother Li!” Hu Mei Er saw a chance and threw herself into Li Xian’s arms, softly blowing at Li Xian’s fat ear.

Li Xian immediately felt a fire burning near his crotch.

His eyes became dazed: “Okay, since you are asking like this, big brother Li will help you take revenge. But…”

He slightly changed the topic: “Three kings inheritance will open again in one or two days. There cannot be any problems at this critical juncture. After the three kings inheritance, I will go teach that little beast king a lesson, alright?”

The opening of three kings inheritance was near and everyone was paying attention to it.

Hu Mei Er curled her lips, she did not have much to say about Li Xian’s evasion.

After a period of intimacy, Hu Mei Er took her leave.

Although Li Xian tried to make her stay, Hu Mei Er’s attitude was firm; in the end, Li Hao could only send her off.

He stood at the cave entrance and impatiently looked at Hu Mei Er’s figure gradually getting far and disappearing within the forest.

“Hmph, this little temptress!” Li Xian returned back to his cave, the lust on his face nowhere to be seen, replaced by a cautious and gloomy expression.

“Trying to sow discord and use me as a tool to deal with little beast king? This little temptress really thinks she had reached greater success in her enchantment path. Ridiculous!” The smile on Li Xian’s face was cold, “I, of course, have ways to deal with black and white twin demons. But when did I, Li Xian, ever do unprofitable business? Hehe.”

“This little beast king Fang Zheng is not simple. He seems boorish but in fact his thoughts are meticulous. Challenging three demonic Gu Masters in a row before the opening of three kings inheritance, this definitely was a premeditated plan!”

Gu Masters came from all over the places and gathered at San Cha mountain, why?

Wasn’t it for the three kings inheritance!

Fang Yuan’s aggressiveness had not caused him any troubles. These days, only he found trouble for others, why was it?

Because everyone were impatiently watching the three kings inheritance, making every effort and secret preparation for it. Who would want to have a bloodbath with little beast king, this lunatic, and miss this great opportunity?

No one!

“This little beast king used this psychology and acted unrestrainedly, establishing his reputation. Two days later when the three kings inheritance opens, who will want to block his way?” Li Xian shook his head as he predicted the future.

Ever since Fang Yuan killed Xue San Si, even he felt some fear towards this little beast king.

Before, when Fang Yuan killed Tyrant Heng Mei and Fei Li, it did not attract Li Xian’s attention. However, when Fang Yuan broke his promise and took the chance to kill Sky Tiger, Li Xian realized what a thorny problem he was!

Why so?

The righteous path categorized talents into four grades.

First grade was having both talent and virtue. Having talent and a moral character was the highest quality talent, able to hold his own.

Second grade was having virtue but no talent. They might have no talent, but they had moral character. Those with filial piety will obey their parents. Those with loyalty will obey their leaders. Those with sincerity would not break their promises. They could be used with ease, at least no huge problems will occur. Moreover, many abilities could be learned through experience.

Third grade was having talent but no virtue. They might have talent but had no moral conduct. With their talents, they could take up a post, but higher ups would not feel at ease using them, afraid they would someday betray them.

Fourth grade was having neither talent nor virtue. No talent and nor moral conduct. They were worthless and no one would feel at ease using them.

What kind of figure would be the most trouble when categorized under the demonic path?

In demonic path, fourth grade was having virtue but no talent. They did not have talent but paid particular attention to virtue, living among their ideals. Often, it was themselves that would cause their own destruction.

Third grade was having neither talent nor virtue. They might not have talent, but they also did not have any moral conduct. They could at least do some lowly works and earn a living.

Second grade was having both talent and virtue. With talent, they could fill their stomachs. However, at the same time, with virtue, filial piety, respect, loyalty and so on became the ropes that bound them. In demonic path, such a mutually deceptive character decided that such a type of people would not play a key role.

And the first grade, having talent but no virtue!

Fang Yuan was such a person.

He had talent, overflowing with talent actually. HIs aptitude was outstanding, A grade aptitude was not something everyone possessed.

Secondly, his battle talent allowed him to overstep realms and fight. Tyrant Heng Mei, Fei Li and Xue San Si had cultivation higher than him, but all died a tragic death in his hands; this was enough to prove this point.

Finally, he possessed the ability to do business. At Shang clan city, he did surprisingly well. And in a short period of a few years, he was able to gather such a formidable set of Gu worms.

If such a talented person had virtue, Li Xian would not be feeling so difficult.

However, Fang Yuan was someone with not even a hint of morality.

He left Hu Mei Er in the lurch, not giving a hoot to beauty. He was boorish, unreasonable, easily killed people and treated life with contempt.

He killed Tyrant Heng Mei and other two, each time he smashed them into minced meat, his savage and ruthless nature was clear from this.

He deceived Xue San Si and broke his promise in front of everyone, but was still proud of himself. This was even more terrifying.

It shows that he did things without any restrain or lower limits, he could betray someone as easily as snapping his fingers with not even a trace of guilt in his heart.

Li Xian was deeply aware: If a person like little beast king were to be placed in righteous path, in a peaceful environment, they would definitely be excluded by the people, suppressed, banished or imprisoned. However, in the chaotic demonic path with its cruel competitive environment, Fang Yuan was like a tiger entering the mountain, a flood dragon entering the sea! As long as his luck was not too bad, he would definitely have great accomplishments!

“Such a person, if I had discovered him early, I would have suppressed and killed him. However, now, it is too late, too late…” Li Xian sighed deeply.

Fang Yuan had already matured and he also had a companion beside him. Although Li Xian had rank four upper stage cultivation, he was best at doing business and not at fighting.

Naturally, there was always someone stronger.

On San Cha mountain, there were also people that could kill Fang Yuan. They were the four rank four peak stage Gu Masters like Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian and others.

However, how could Li Xian command such formidable characters?

Moreover, these four were all in a subtle restraining balance. Not one of them dared to act blindly and all their eyes were set on three kings inheritance, how could they have the mood to consider other things.

“Hmph, this little temptress harbors evil intentions. She actually wants to stir me up and fight with such a demonic figure, how is that possible? Not only will I not offend him, but instead I will build a good cooperative relationship with him. All demonic path figures place benefits at the top.”

“However, by killing Xue San Si, little beast king has offended another person. Sky Tiger’s godfather who is the rank four upper stage Gu Master Century Boy. These days, Century Boy has been refining Gu in seclusion, he will definitely appear when the inheritance opens this time. At that time, he will most likely find trouble for black and white twin demons.”

“Hehehe, I will secretly befriend little beast king while staying at the sidelines on the surface. I will watch the battle between Century Boy and black and white twin demons, then after looking at the outcome, I will wait for an opportunity to make a move!”

No matter what the outcome was, Li Xian would not have much loss.

This was Li Xian.

An unscrupulous merchant of the demonic path who was an expert at benefiting from others’ expense.

Swish swish swish…

Under Fang Yuan’s will, the bright golden primeval essence tide cleansed the aperture walls.

Even on San Cha mountain, he was always cultivating diligently.

His actual cultivation was only rank four initial stage, it was originally only light gold primeval essence, however under the effect of nine eyes liquor worm, the primeval essence’s quality rose by a small realm and changed into bright golden primeval essence.

Bright golden primeval essence was an enormous assistance to his battles. This was also one of the main reasons for him being able to kill three rank four middle stage Gu Masters in a row.

“These days, my reputation has raised greatly. There are certainly many, many people who hate and fear me. However, what does that have to do with anything?”

“Hehe, what I am treading on is the demonic path, it should be like this. Moreover, this is not Earth; here, individual strength can be above a group.”

In different environments, the rules of the game were also different.

If it were on Earth, even if one walked demonic path, they would also have to consider moral character.

Because on Earth, the difference between individual strengths was small. Demonic path’s people also could only gather into a group to be able to accomplish grand ambitions!

“Two more days and it will be the day the three kings inheritance opens. It is unlikely for someone to come find trouble for me, I will use this time to refine charging crash Gu.”

Fang Yuan had a precise plan and arrangement for his future.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 345: Charging Crash Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

At that time, when Fang Yuan chose horizontal charge and vertical crash Gu as his movement Gu, he had already considered the situation when he advanced to rank four.

Horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu were the two main materials to refine charging crash Gu.

With these two rank three Gu as the main, together with the Gu Master’s primeval essence and some supplementary materials and so on, to refine charging crash Gu.

The process of refining charging crash Gu was not difficult.

Fang Yuan had made sufficient preparations and the success rate of this recipe by itself was rather high.

Two days later, Fang Yuan succeeded in refining and obtained a whole new Gu – charging crash Gu.

Horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu could only charge to the distance of a hundred steps together.

But charging crash Gu fused from these two Gu increased this charging distance to two hundred steps. At the same time, the delay between repeated use was also decreased by half.

However, the consumption of primeval essence was increased a little. But this small flaw was nothing to Fang Yuan who possessed the nine eyes liquor worm and heavenly essence treasure lotus.

“I already have six rank four Gu now; bitter strength Gu, charging crash Gu, yang Gu of yin-yang rotation Gu, nine eyes liquor worm, expend strength Gu and blood skull Gu.”

“All-out effort Gu, strength qi Gu, golden shield Gu and others are all rank three. They are slowly failing to keep up with my requirements.”

Most of the Gu on Fang Yuan were rank three. He was, however, at rank four initial stage now and possessed middle stage bright golden primeval essence, thus these Gu worms were gradually becoming unsuitable for him.

Naturally, it did not mean that the higher the Gu, the better they were.

For example bone flesh unity Gu. It was only a rank three Gu, but it could allow many Gu Masters to use it even at this rank. This made its value stand out.

On the whole, however, Gu worms and Gu Masters needed to have a mutually cooperative rank, and was best if it were the same for it be more convenient in using them.

Fang Yuan made a small consideration; he had a lot of Gu worms to upgrade.

First of all was the all-out effort Gu.

The all-out effort Gu on him was only at rank three; it could only activate rank three beast phantoms. To advance its rank, he would need to get the undefeated hundred battles Gu from three kings inheritance, so this plan could only be put aside for now.

Strength qi Gu was also at rank three, but Fang Yuan did not have its corresponding recipe, so he was unable to advance it.

Fang Yuan planned to advance rank three golden shield Gu into rank four golden bell shield Gu.

The storage type rank three tusita flower could be upgraded to rank four tusita lantern Gu.

Self-reliance Gu was also a rank three Gu, but it was already at its peak stage and did not have relevant recipe for its advancement. But although it was a rank three Gu, as long as Fang Yuan displayed formidable strength, its healing effects could match with rank four healing Gu.

Similar to self-reliance Gu was bone flesh unity Gu.

Breath concealment Gu that was used to hide cultivation was also at rank three. Although it could be advanced, Fang Yuan decided lay it aside. At the present time, he did not need to hide his aura.

And heaven essence treasure lotus was also at rank three.

Fang Yuan already possessed the fusion recipe for rank four heaven essence treasure monarch lotus. But he needed to obtain a number of spirit springs to refine it. This was a large project and could only be put aside for now.

Calculating like this, Fang Yuan needed to advance all-out effort Gu, golden shield Gu, tusita flower and heavenly essence treasure lotus; these four Gu.

However, it was not just like that.

Fang Yuan had used iron bone Gu, steel tendon Gu and copper skin Gu to transform his body. These Gu were all rank three Gu. The defense they provided during fights between rank four Gu Masters were little.

There were also the eight phantoms in Fang Yuan’s body, none of them were from rank four strength Gu. Thus, Fang Yuan also needed replace these phantoms.

“The eight phantoms I have are from ordinary beasts. Only by replacing them with Biao strength phantom, mastiff strength phantom and so on, can I display the strongest fighting strength in rank four realm.”

Fang Yuan had been interested in the Biao strength Gu of Xue San Si.

However, he had turned Xue San Si into minced meat and the Gu worms on her body were also destroyed.

Fang Yuan’s methods were too brutal. He frequently smashed his enemies into meat paste.

Although this was also a constant characteristic of strength path Gu Masters, this method was too violent and there would seldom be any surviving Gu worms once the battle ended.

Fang Yuan had won against three rank four demonic Gu Masters in a row, but only obtained an expend strength Gu.

And this expend strength Gu was also surrendered and contributed by Fei Li of his own accord.

The way Gu Masters obtained Gu worms was basically from trading, raising, capturing, fusing or reverse refining.

Gu Masters rarely obtained Gu worms as their victory spoils.

On one hand it was because Gu Masters used secretive and dangerous methods. In case a battle started, both sides would use all their strength to attack and would not spare anything for their safety. Like this, the Gu worms would also be wrecked and destroyed.

On another hand, it was extremely easy for the Gu Masters to destroy their own Gu worms. It only required a thought from them and their Gu worms would self-destruct.

“I have a lot to do to advance all of them…” Fang Yuan sighed and walked out of the cave.

Bai Ning Bing was already waiting for him at the cave entrance, and was gazing at the peak.

Fang Yuan followed her gaze and also looked up.

He only saw enormous light pillars rise from the three highest peaks of San Cha mountain, piercing through clouds and soaring towards the sky. Its enormous aura felt like it was supporting heaven and earth.

The three kings inheritance had opened.

“With this inheritance, my set of strength path Gu will be taken to perfection!” Fang Yuan’s gaze was burning but he restrained it.

Although he had outstanding battle prowess, it was still not his turn to take the stage.

Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh!

Four figures separately charged out from east, south, north and west; they stopped in mid-air and confronted each other.

Rank four peak stage aura were let out without any concealment!

From the eastern direction was poison path Gu Master Long Qing Tian.

He had long black hair, pale-green skin and his green pupils faintly flashed like there were too cold fires burning in it.

From the western direction was righteous path Wu clan’s elder Wu Shen Tong.

His fame was powerful and domineering, but his body was thin like a sickly scholar. He had pale complexion and coughed from time to time as if he could not endure this mountain wind.

From the southern direction was the demonic path expert Kong Ri Tian.

He was wearing flower patterned gown. He had a smile on while standing in the air, pink butterflies fluttering around him.

From the northern direction was Yi clan’s elder Yi Chong.

His whole body was covered with blue fish scales which formed into a thin armor. HIs nose was long and protruding out, his eyes were larger than twice that of a normal person’s and he had a head full of blazing unkempt hair.

The muscles in his whole body tangled forming layers of lumps. His stature was short but his physique was extremely imposing. An enormous triangular fin grew out from his back like the black fin on a shark’s back.

These four were currently the strongest Gu Masters at San Cha mountain.

Rank four peak stage cultivation was only a step away from rank five. If they advanced to rank five, they would be the monarchs of the mortal world and wield power over a region, their might and aura would spread everywhere.

These four had already confronted each other for months on San Cha mountain. They had also fought many times with each other over this period of time, but no one could do anything to other, forming a chaotic situation.

Righteous path’s Wu Shen Tong and Yi Chong appeared to be allies but inwardly, they were not of one mind. While Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian would also occasionally collaborate if the situation turned bad.

These four occupied the top caves and were closest to the inheritance entrances at San Cha mountain.

The appearance of these four attracted the gazes of all the Gu Masters on the mountain.

The inheritance was right before their eyes. No matter who it was, they were all restraining the desire to make a move.

After the short stalemate, Kong Ri Tian chose King Bao’s inheritance; Long Qing Tian chose King Xin’s inheritance and Wu Shen Tong chose King Quan’s inheritance.

The three inheritances did not correspond with each other, but there were four rank four peak stage Gu Masters.

The Gu Master remaining, Yi Chong, hesitated for a while before finally choosing King Bao’s inheritance.

“With this, King Bao’s inheritance has Kong Ri Tian and Yi Chong, two experts.”

“Long Qing Tian chose King Xin’s inheritance this time, we fell in his trap last time, we must avoid him!”

“Wu Shen Tong is an enslavement path Gu Master, reportedly he has already advanced to middle stage of King Quan’s inheritance. In this inheritance, he is like a fish in water and can display extraordinary strength. If we choose King Quan’s inheritance, we might only get his leftovers.”

While the crowd was discussing, a group of Gu Masters ascended to the peak.

They were rank four upper stage Gu Masters. Some had bizarre appearances, some were fiendish, some had dignified appearance and some were gloomy like forest.

Among them, one was a boy wearing black clothes. Before he entered the inheritance, he looked down and gazed deeply at Fang Yuan.

“Hmph, Century Boy…” Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes and let out a dangerous aura.

Century Boy was also a strength path Gu Master and was the godfather of Xue San Si, her patron.

Fang Yuan killed Xue San Si and offended Century Boy.

However, with the three kings inheritance in sight, Century Boy did not have the mind and heart to settle the account with Fang Yuan now. But once the inheritance closed, he was sure to make his moves against Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan had not the least bit of fear towards this and was instead secretly looking forward to it.

With his current strength, he was almost unrivalled among rank four initial stage Gu Masters and could also prevail over ordinary middle stage Gu Masters. However, he would be evenly matched against rank four upper stage.

Above that, rank four peak stage would be a difficult opponent. However, if those rank four Gu Masters like Kong Ri Tian and others wanted to kill Fang Yuan, they would also pay a disastrous price.

As the Gu Master’s cultivation reached the later stages, the difference in each small realm was big and it would get more difficult to cross these ranks to battle, let alone cross realms to battle.

Fang Yuan possessed plentiful battle experience and also had a set of excellent strength path Gu worms, but he was also only able to cross one realm and kill middle stage Gu Masters.

“Of course, if I replace my Gu worms to rank four then I will have the strength to win against upper stage Gu Masters! And even be evenly matched against rank four peak stage! Three kings inheritance, here I come!”

At once, Fang Yuan activated charging crash Gu and charged towards the peak.

Rank four upper stage Gu Masters had all entered the inheritances.

The light pillars of the three inheritances were already a lot dimmer.

A group of rank four middle stage Gu Masters were just ascending up San Cha mountain, when they suddenly saw Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing charge towards them. All of their complexions changed and by some tacit agreement, got out of the way.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered King Quan’s inheritance together.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 346: First entry into King Quan Inheritance 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The moment his body entered the light pillar, Fang Yuan felt an intense weightlessness.

When his vision cleared up, he found himself standing in the wilderness.

All he could see around him was the greyish white sky.

On the ground, the grey-white rocks formed into short mounds, like gravestones.

The grey colored ground was not fertile, it was hard and dry, with some yellow grass growing in between the cracks.

The sky was white, the earth was grey, and the grass was yellow. The world had three colors.

Other than that, there were no other colors.

All he could hear was silence, or rather, dead silence. There was no wind, no swaying tree leaves, no cries of birds and beasts.

Anyone standing here would feel that in this entire world, he was the only person left, a lone survivor.

Being in the land of nothingness, loneliness, solitariness, loss and even fear would grow in their hearts.

Although he went into the inheritance with Bai Ning Bing, at the moment, Fang Yuan was alone.

But Fang Yuan was extremely calm.

“So this is King Quan Inheritance.” He looked around, muttering to himself softly.

Compared to an ordinary rank five Gu Master’s inheritance, the three kings inheritance had a huge difference.

An ordinary rank five inheritance, be it central continent, southern border, northern plains, eastern sea, or western desert, they were all in the main world.

But the three kings inheritance was built inside a Gu Immortal blessed land.

Back then, the three kings were stuck and discovered the inheritance of an ancient Gu Immortal by accident, starting their legend.

The three kings were all geniuses in their own field, after failing to advance to rank six, they set up their inheritances in this blessed land before their deaths.

Thus, Fang Yuan was no longer in the main world now.

Gu Immortal Blessed Land — a small world that existed within the main world.

Every world had different rules and laws.

Entering a world means obeying and following its rules.

“Although Bai Ning Bing entered the inheritance with me, she was definitely sent to another place in this small world. But it is not a problem, as long as she continues to advance into the inheritance, we will definitely meet along the way.

Fang Yuan knew that this was the unique law of space inside a small world.

At the same time, there was also a difference in the flow of time.

“The flow of time here is three times that of the outside world.” In Fang Yuan’s aperture, the slumbering Spring Autumn Cicada had awakened, and was recovering at three times the speed inside this world.

The Spring Autumn Cicada fed on the water in the river of time.

In this small world, the water flow in the river of time was three times faster than the outside world. Thus, it greatly assisted the Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery.

But this was not good news to Fang Yuan.

The pressure that the Spring Autumn Cicada emits in its perfect condition was not something a rank four aperture could contain.

The King Quan Inheritance, although it was a chance for Fang Yuan to grow, it was also a land of death that escalated his demise.

“Staying here for one day means three days outside. I have to hurry, and conserve my time.” Fang Yuan felt a strong sense of urgency.

Thankfully, with his memories, this King Quan Inheritance of a rank five Gu Master was not unfamiliar to him.

“If I am not wrong, there should be a dog type wild beast around here somewhere…” Fang Yuan moved around, looking all over the place, searching for what he had in mind.

“Woof, woof, woof!”

Suddenly, he heard a cry from afar, as a weak wild dog ran towards Fang Yuan with its eyes glowing in a weak green light.

This wild dog was thin to the bones, its teeth were yellow and it was only at the height of Fang Yuan’s knee.

It appeared extremely ferocious, evidently hungry, after smelling the human flesh that was Fang Yuan, it rushed over without hesitation.

Fang Yuan frowned, this wild dog was very ordinary, meeting it in the first stage was his bad luck.

He stood quietly on the spot, letting the dog run towards him.

In the currently environment, Fang Yuan could not utilize his other Gu worms, he could only use the rank one dog enslavement Gu.

This was the restriction of the laws in this small world.

King Quan modified the Gu Immortal blessed land, allowing a Gu Master to bring in a rank one dog enslavement Gu into his inheritance, and at the same time, other Gu worms cannot be used.

Of course, other than the Spring Autumn Cicada.

Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, after a Gu worm reaches rank six, be it the main world or the small world, there only exists one of it.

Spring Autumn Cicada was not a mortal being, it was an Immortal Gu.

Even in the blessed land, it could be used freely.

“Not just King Quan Inheritance, King Xin Inheritance and King Bao Inheritance are the same. When the Gu Master initially enters the inheritance, they can only use the rank one dog enslavement Gu, paper crane Gu, and exploding egg Gu.”

Seeing the wild dog rush towards him, Fang Yuan activated the dog enslavement Gu in his aperture.

This dog enslavement Gu, looked like a jade stone, only thumb-size. The exterior of the jade stone looked like a dog head.

Fang Yuan only used one drop of light golden primeval essence, to activate this dog enslavement Gu.

The dog enslavement Gu turned into a jade light, bursting out and turning from solid to hollow, next, it flew into the wild dog in the blink of an eye.

The wild dog cried out, as if it was heavily injured, and fell on the ground.

Because it was running, it slided across the ground until it rolled to Fang Yuan’s feet.

After resting for a while, the dog got up.

But this time, it did not bare its fangs at Fang Yuan, but instead, sprawled on the ground, sticking out its tongue and wagging its tail.

“Get up.” Fang Yuan willed.

The wild dog obeyed and got up.

Its body had soft fur, the fur was dark but there was no injuries on it. The dog enslavement Gu directly went into its soul, it did not cause any damage to the dog’s physical body.

Its four limbs were on the ground, and the head was only near Fang Yuan’s knee.

Fang Yuan observed and shook his head.

This was an ordinary wild dog, it had little battle strength. But precisely so, he could use the dog enslavement Gu on it so easily.

“Regardless, I have to rely on it to get through the second round.”

Fang Yuan was thinking in his mind, when suddenly a force from heaven and earth engulfed his body.

Immediately, Fang Yuan could not move an inch.

In front of him, a light flashed and a second dog enslavement Gu appeared in front of him.

Fang Yuan knew this was the reward from the inheritance, as well as the key to the second round, thus he quickly refined it.

This dog enslavement Gu was also rank one, it was easy to refine.

When Fang Yuan refined this Gu, and kept it into his aperture, with a swoosh , he vanished on the spot, moved to another location by the heavenly power.

This was still the wilderness, with white sky, grey earth, and yellow grass.

Fang Yuan stood on a low mound, as three wild dogs were surrounding him.

They were all thin as twigs, as two were lowering their heads scavenging for food. The third was slightly older, lying on the ground motionless.

Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance caused the three dogs to go crazy.

They started running like they were jolted with lightning, towards Fang Yuan from all three directions.

Fang Yuan controlled the first wild dog and activated its ferocity. Under Fang Yuan’s command, it bared its claws on one of the wild dogs.

But it could only stop one wild dog, soon, the second closed in on Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan reenacted the same scene from earlier, using the second dog enslavement Gu and tamed it.

The third wild dog pounced, and Fang Yuan split his concentration into two, commanding both wild dogs to attack.

If it was an ordinary Gu Master, and was not familiar with the dog enslavement Gu, holding two fights at the same time would cause them to lose their bearings. But Fang Yuan was not nervous, in fact he was not even going all-out yet.

With his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan had commanded numerous beast groups to battle. Especially the blade-wing blood bats from the blood sea inheritance.

In this life, for San Cha mountain’s inheritance, he had trained for several months in Shang clan city, familiarizing himself with controlling dog groups.

The battle proceeded smoothly in Fang Yuan’s expected direction.

But Fang Yuan frowned: “The first wild dog’s body condition is terrible. Fighting like this, even if I win, I will only be left with one wild dog.”

As he considered this, he consciously direct the two dogs to retreat while fighting.

Eventually, Fang Yuan successfully merged the two battles together.

This increased the pressure on Fang Yuan’s commands, but it also established great advantage for him.

Fang Yuan’s two wild dogs were cooperating perfectly, but their enemies were fighting alone.

Not long after, this intense battle ended.

The corpses of two wild dogs laid on the ground, blood flowing out of them.

The wild dogs Fang Yuan controlled stood on the ground, covered in wounds. The first dog was more injured, while the second dog was relatively healthier.

The battle had just ended, when the heavenly power descended again, wrapping around Fang Yuan and his two ordinary wild dogs.

His vision changed again, as weightlessness assaulted him.

“Third round…” Fang Yuan observed his surroundings immediately.

This time, he was standing on the top of a mound, surrounded by six wild dogs.

“Six!” Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated, feeling pressured.

He had two wild dogs with him, having to fight against three times of his force, at the same time, his dogs were injured.

Without time to rest or think, the six dogs detected him and immediately attacked.

Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened, as he saw a pit nearby, he jumped in.

He jumped into the pit, with a hard wall behind him, he placed both his dogs in front of him.

The six wild dogs rushed towards him, at differing speeds. The two healthy wild dogs rushed up first, while the remaining four, with different injuries, were far behind.

Seeing this, Fang Yuan heaved a sigh of relief.

If these six dogs were healthy, he had no chance. But with this terrain advantage, and his skilled manipulation, he was confident of passing this round and moving on to the next!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 347: What level of proficiency in enslavement path is this! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Woof Woof Woof!

The sound of furious barking of dogs echoed endlessly.

Dozens of dogs were in a fierce fight; one side had many numbers but their formation were scattered. Another side had fewer numbers, but they were in a tight formation, and furthermore they were displaying battle tactics like shielding, retreating, attacking and so on.

Fang Yuan stood on a nearby hill and overlooked the whole battlefield while commanding his dogs.

This was already his tenth battle in King Quan’s inheritance.

With his plentiful experience and the understanding of King Quan’s inheritance, he had sprinted through the whole process without any incidents.

The battle lasted for five more minutes before it ended.

In the whole battlefield, there were nineteen dogs still standing, all of them the result of Fang Yuan’s hard accumulation.

Fang Yuan softly let out a breath of turbid air, his mind felt slightly exhausted.

“In King Quan’s inheritance, the difficulty increases sharply every ten rounds of battles. I used twenty eight dogs this time but had to sacrifice nine of them to resist the assault of nearly sixty dogs and cross this barrier.”

To be honest, Fang Yuan had some alarming moments during this process.

“The three kings were demonic Gu Masters, demonic inheritance always held the law of the survival of the fittest, an intense and cold competition. This round should be enough to eliminate most of the participants who want to steal benefits.”

There were countless righteous and demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain. Every time the three kings inheritance opened, large numbers of Gu Master would come pouring in to try their luck.

However, no matter which inheritance of the three kings inheritance it was, they were all extremely strict. To choose the most suitable inheritor, the barriers the three kings set up were high.

Among the three kings, King Quan was an enslavement path Gu Master, King Xin was a refinement path Gu Master, and King Bao was a fire path Gu Master. Their chosen inheritors naturally should also follow these paths.

The difficulty of the first ten rounds ruthlessly eliminated most of the Gu Masters of other paths.

At the thirtieth round, there would not be any Gu Masters of other paths.

At the fiftieth round, those remaining would be elites and geniuses of these paths.

At the seventieth round, only experts with deep foundations would remain.

Very few could reach the ninetieth round and they could be counted with two hands.

Especially from ninetieth to hundredth round, the final ten rounds, the difficulties were extreme and unsurmountable like the heavenly chasm. Even a monster like Fang Yuan could not cross it.

In his previous life, the three kings inheritance lasted for close to ten years. It involved countless people; both demonic and righteous, heroes and villains.

As of now, it had not been even a year since the appearance of the three kings inheritance and it was in its early stage. It was already amazing for many people to be able to charge through a dozen barriers.

By the middle stage, the participants would find it difficult to continue from around fiftieth barrier; they would exchange their experiences and sum up many rules.

At the late stage, most of the participants would hover around seventieth to eightieth barrier. Only an extremely few number of participants would be struggling at ninetieth round. These people were mostly rank five Gu Masters, their every action attracting many gazes.

And at the final period, the mystical figures of many rank six Gu Immortals also appeared.

Fang Yuan remembered most of the parts clearly. Of course, there were also some blurry areas, but they were minor details.

He had a deep understanding of three kings inheritance.

He knew no matter which inheritance he chose, he could only charge to the ninetieth round with his strength.

After the ninetieth round, the barriers were all something only rank five Gu Masters had a chance of clearing.

Fang Yuan knew it would be very difficult for him to cultivate to rank five. Ten years was absolutely not enough.

This was not only because cultivation became more difficult the higher the Gu Master advanced, but also because of Spring Autumn Cicada.

In this Gu Immortal blessed land, time flow was quickened which intensified the recovery speed of Spring Autumn Cicada.

This was an enormous threat to him.

Heavenly power descended once more and Fang Yuan’s vision flashed.

In a split second, he found himself transported to another strange place.

His field of view was not clear as the previous ten rounds, the surroundings were filled with dense grey fog, making one unable to distinguish even the directions.

Apart from rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, none of his other Gu worms could be used.

Nineteen dogs walked around him, but there was only a faint connection left from the dog enslavement Gu.

However, Fang Yuan was not flustered, he was clear that starting from the tenth round, the inheritance would give every challenger the power to choose.

He stood calmly and soon was able to distinguish.

Towards the depths of the fog on his left was an orange glow like someone had turned on a lantern. It was accompanied by a sound, the clear sound of a dog’s bark.

Towards his front was an indistinct black human shadow, appearing near but also far.

Towards his right, in the depths of the grey fog, a ball of blue lightning crackled.

“The orange light represents chrysanthemum akita dog. This dog is more loyal than the ordinary dogs with me, they are easy to control and can execute exquisite battle tactics. The blue light should be lightning symbol dog; it is very fast, faster than ordinary dogs by two times. And the black human figure should be my opponent, another Gu Master.” Fang Yuan pondered.

These were all reminders provided by King Quan’s inheritance to him.

The first time a person enters, they would have a blurred vision and could only feel their way through the barrier, not able to make the most beneficial choice.

However, Fang Yuan was well aware; whether it was chrysanthemum akita dog, lightning symbol dog or the Gu Master, they were all challenges but also opportunities.

Fang Yuan considered it for just a short while and directly walked forward, abandoning the left and right directions.

As he walked forward, the grey fog started becoming thinner and his vision became clearer. At the same time, his control over his nineteen dog enslavement Gu also became stronger.

And the grey fog on his left and right became denser.

Han Bu Liu stood still, calmly looked at the person that walked out of the fog.

Han Bu Liu was already forty-eight, he was a righteous path Gu Master with a cultivation of rank four middle stage, and had already entered King Quan’s inheritance many times.

This allowed him to have a lot of understanding regarding King Quan’s inheritance. Right now, as he saw Fang Yuan’s figure in the fog walking slowly towards him, he immediately knew this was his opponent.

However, he was not in the least bit nervous.

He was an enslavement path Gu Master and was like a fish in water in King Quan’s inheritance.

In this special environment, all the previous accumulation of Gu Masters were not counted. They could only use the Gu the inheritance gave them to fight. The difference in cultivations had sharply decreased.

“This person is really unfortunate, actually bumping into me. I will do my best to win against this person with the smallest loss. Then I will charge towards the twenty-second barrier.”

Han Bu Liu was very confident towards himself. He had charged to twenty-first barrier last time. Such an accomplishment was one of the best in his circles, even surpassing many rank four upper stage and peak stage Gu Masters.

Fang Yuan stepped out of the fog; his eyes as dark as the abyss and his expression as tranquil as water.

Han Bu Liu’s pupils shrunk rapidly as he revealed a terrified expression.

“It is little beast king!”

He immediately felt nervous and panicked.

Although Fang Yuan had arrived in San Cha mountain not long ago, he had killed three middle stage Gu Masters with his initial stage cultivation. His might was awe-inspiring and his vicious reputation had spread far.

Han Bu Liu was also at middle stage, but he, himself, knew his battle strength could not compare to Sky Tiger and others.

But soon, Han Bu Liu regained his senses: “This is the Gu Immortal blessed land, not the outside world! In this round, we can only use dog enslavement Gu. Little beast king can’t use his Gu set! He walks the strength path and is so young, how could he have any proficiency in the enslavement path?”

Han Bu Liu’s eyes shone with ecstasy and greed as he roared in his mind: “Ahahaha, this is a heaven sent opportunity! By killing little beast king, I can greatly spread my reputation. By taking his Gu worms and selling them, I can make a lot of primeval stones! Dogs, charge!”

Righteous path inheritances were gentle and usually did not cause any deaths. Sometimes, even when someone failed, they would have some gains.

However, King Quan’s inheritance was a demonic path inheritance.

Here, one could kill and death was a normal thing.

The most crucial thing was in this Gu Immortal blessed land, Gu Masters could not utilize their Gu worms. This meant if the Gu Master died, they cannot will their Gu worms to self-destruct.

The Gu Masters on San Cha mountain had already discovered this point through fights.

This led to a sharp increase in the number of casualties in the inheritance!

At outside world, Gu Masters could cause their Gu worms to self-destruct before their deaths, not letting their enemies have them. The profits from battles were very small. But here, if a Gu Master died, their Gu worms would be left behind. This enticed people to commit crimes!

If Han Bu Liu killed Fang Yuan, almost all the Gu worms on Fang Yuan would be left behind. Such enormous spoils caused Han Bu Liu to let out his killing intent without restrain.

With a shift of his mind, eleven dogs charged towards Fang Yuan.

Woof Woof Woof!

They let out savage barks, and seemed unstoppable.

Fang Yuan was indifferent, he waited till these dogs neared him then waved his hand.

With a light wave, nineteen dogs rushed out from the grey fog behind him.

“Nineteen?” Han Bu Liu was extremely shocked, his eyes almost falling from their sockets.

“How can there be so many?!” He was filled with doubts.

He was an enslavement path Gu Master and had a lot of experience in commanding dogs, but despite his greatest efforts, only eleven dogs remained when he was done with the tenth round.

And little beast king, this strength path Gu Master has nineteen? A whole eight more than his!

What level of proficiency in enslavement path was this!

“No! Impossible! This is absolutely because he was lucky, otherwise how could he have so many dogs remaining? The true contest starts now. I will let you see what the commanding skill of an enslavement path Gu Master looks like!”

Han Bu Liu calmed his mind and was soon filled with fighting spirit.

In his opinion, little beast king was so young, no matter how much of a genius he was, he could not advance in both strength path and enslavement path at the same time.

“Eh? A flaw.” Fang Yuan had been observing his opponent from the start.

Seeing Han Bu Liu’s expression change irregularly, he immediately grasped this fleeting chance and decisively mobilized the few strongest dogs to form an offensive arrow formation.

The next moment, this ‘arrow’ suddenly broke the opponent’s formation.

“Oh no!” Han Bu Liu’s heart jumped rapidly as he immediately controlled his dogs.

However, how could Fang Yuan give him this chance, his remaining dogs formed into two exquisite arcs and outflanked the opponent’s formation from left and right, seizing control of the situation in an instant!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

This was an intense slaughter.

Han Bu Liu tried to resist desperately, trying to overturn the situation. But Fang Yuan saw through his actions every time, destroying his battle tactic. All his resistances were suppressed. Every effort he put in yielded no result.

An hour later, there were only eight wild dogs left, they were all Fang Yuan’s.

Han Bu Liu’s expression was pale, sweating profusely as he stood dazed on the ground.

Plop!

He suddenly kneeled on the ground, begging Fang Yuan: “Lord little beast king, please spare my life! I will do anything for you to repay your kindness. You are a genius, a monsterous genius! I was scared and had no options but to battle you. Your mastery of the enslavement path has left me utterly speechless in admiration. Lord little beast king, from today onwards, you are my master!”

“Oh, is that so, but how do you want me to see your sincerity? Unless you are willing to let me use the slavery Gu.” Fang Yuan laughed lightly, manipulating eight wild dogs to surrounding Han Bu Liu.

Han Bu Liu flustered: “Lo… lord, inside this Gu Immortal blessed land, Gu Masters cannot use their Gu worms. Moreover, I do not have a slavery Gu.”

“Then I have no choice.” Fang Yuan waved his hand coldly, as eight wild dogs pounced.

“Lord Fang Zheng! No!” Han Bu Liu jolted up, screaming in fear, trying to escape.

But it was already too late, the eight wild dogs surrounded him, opening their mouths and chew on his body with their sharp canine teeth.

Han Bu Liu screamed pitifully, shrugging his arms like a lunatic, rolling on the ground.

But it was useless.

Even if he had ice muscles, steel bones, or bronze skin, inside the blessed land, all these were weakened and rendered useless.

“Fang Zheng, I won’t let you off even as a ghost… you!”

Under his curses and cries, Han Bu Liu’s flesh and skin were torn apart, his eyes were dug out, and blood flowed out of him, showing his pale white bones.

Fang Yuan watched silently, until he was completely dead and motionless.

He waved his hand lightly, and the eight wild dogs stopped their attacks, retreating to the two sides and opening a path for Fang Yuan.

Their bodies were full of blood traces. Some were still chewing on Han Bu Liu’s bones, some of their claws still had Han Bu Liu’s hair, flesh and so on.

Han Bu Liu’s corpse was completely destroyed.

But his stomach area was consciously left intact by Fang Yuan’s control.

He placed his palm on Han Bu Liu’s stomach, his mind entering the aperture.

This was a standard rank four middle stage aperture.

But Han Bu Liu was already dead, thus his aperture was slowly dying and shrinking.

Due to the law of this blessed land, all his Gu worms were suppressed and unable to move, quietly lying on the surface of the primeval sea.

There were five Gu, all from the enslavement path, with two rank four Gu among them.

Fang Yuan looked around, and retrieved them all out, easily refining them into his own aperture.

Throughout the process, he did not use the Spring Autumn Cicada.

The law of the blessed land did not restrict him at this moment, in fact, it helped him to refine these Gu easily.

King Quan seemed to encourage Gu Masters in killing each other, this showed the cruelty of a demonic inheritance.

Fang Yuan killed Han Bu Liu, having seven wild dogs left.

During Han Bu Liu’s dying struggle, he killed the wild dog that was most heavily injured.

At the brink of death, people were often able to unleash great power.

Fang Yuan looked at these seven wild dogs, showing a bit of regret in his peaceful gaze.

“Only seven wild dogs are left, each with injuries, this will make it much harder to get through the future rounds. But compared to the rewards I got, the death of twelve wild dogs is insignificant.”

These wild dogs were commonly seen in forests of the outside world.

Using twelve dogs to exchange for two rank four Gu, three rank three Gu, this was too great of a deal.

“The three kings inheritance, not only is the inheritance a treasure, but the Gu Masters that enter the blessed land are all moving treasures! Killing them and taking their Gu worms, it would strengthen oneself!” As the heavenly power descended again, Fang Yuan sneered as his killing intent rose.

The misty fog appeared before him again.

Fang Yuan looked left and right.

Right in front of him, was a black shadow, it means an enemy Gu Master.

To the left, it was also a black shadow, but the side of this shadow was a protruding spiky shape.

To the right, it was an orange shadow, similar to before, it represented the chrysanthemum akita dog.

“I have seven wild dogs now, my battle strength is lacking, I cannot choose a Gu Master opponent. To the left, it is the hedgedog, its body is full of spikes and the attack power is twice of an ordinary dog. The right leads to the chrysanthemum akita dog…”

Fang Yuan’s eyeballs darted around, and he walked to the right.

Although the hedgedog had higher attack power, to go through this path, his losses would be severe. Fang Yuan’s seven wild dogs were all injured, if their intestines were pierced by spikes, it meant death.

Fang Yuan had experience, the hedgedog was dangerous, without any steel armor dogs or Yin dogs, he should avoid them as much as possible.

All these precious experiences were all intentionally hidden by Gu Masters when they found out during the first few months of the inheritance. Most people only learnt after falling into these pitfalls themselves, and would love for others to experience the same.

Fang Yuan took large steps forward, and the fog thinned.

Near his leg, the seven wild dogs followed closely.

They had battled with Fang Yuan along the way, and were all injured. Especially the intense battle with Han Bu Liu, it expended their life force and battle strength.

Dog enslavement Gu appeared in mid air, landing in Fang Yuan’s hands.

When the fog disappeared, Fang Yuan received twenty dog enslavement Gu, all rank one.

Dog enslavement Gu was hard to retrieve, they were planted into the dog’s soul. When the dog dies, their soul dissipates, and the dog enslavement Gu dies with it.

Even if the Gu Master brought lots of rank one dog enslavement Gu into the inheritance, it would not help.

With the blessed land’s mysterious powers, it would take away all of the dog enslavement Gu in the Gu Master’s hands and not return it, only leaving one for them.

After a few tries, Gu Masters learnt their lesson.

A total of nearly sixty chrysanthemum akita dogs appeared in front of Fang Yuan.

These dogs had orange-yellow fur, like the color of an orange. Their long ears drooped down, covering their ear holes. At the same time, there were chrysanthemum patterns on their fur.

Their body size was around the same as an ordinary wild dog, or even slightly smaller.

But Fang Yuan’s expression changed.

Chrysanthemum akita dogs were naturally good at cooperation, the larger their numbers, the fiercer they fight. And Fang Yuan’s location was terrible, in the middle of a plain, without no terrain advantage, he could easily be engulfed if he relied on just seven wild dogs. Fang Yuan’s ending would not be any better than Han Bu Liu.

“I have to get to the top of that mound!” Only in the time of one breath, Fang Yuan scanned the surroundings and ran towards the mound with no hesitation.

He ran for five steps before the chrysanthemum akita dogs found him.

Woof woof woof…

 They barked, as numerous chrysanthemum akita dogs responded.

At once, all the surrounding chrysanthemum akita dogs gathered at one spot, forming into a river-like formation as they charged towards Fang Yuan.

This situation, if it was the wild dogs, lightning symbol dog, or hedgedog, it would not happen, unless there was a dog king to command them.

But the chrysanthemum akita dogs had a strong sense of cooperation, even without a dog king, they could still coordinate and unleash a group attack.

This was completely different from fighting individually.

Fang Yuan narrowly rushed to the top of the mound before the chrysanthemum akita dogs surrounded it.

Fang Yuan retreated until there was a cliff behind him.

The chrysanthemum akita dogs stopped for a moment, before charging again.

Because the terrain was narrow, the dog group could only send out fifteen dogs at once.

Fang Yuan quickly commanded his seven wild dogs to defend against them.

The two groups fought intensely, as Fang Yuan used his outstanding manipulation to hold them back.

At the same time, he waved his hand, throwing the five dog enslavement Gu out at the perfect timing.

Immediately, he had new fighting troops! Five healthy chrysanthemum akita dogs, turning around and joining Fang Yuan, causing the situation to reverse.

The original fifteen against seven, became ten against twelve, Fang Yuan held the advantage.

As companions turned into enemies, the dog group went into a panic. Fang Yuan used that opportunity to attack, killing six chrysanthemum akita dogs, as the other four retreated.

He could have taken down all ten chrysanthemum akita dogs originally, but he chose to let the four chrysanthemum akita dogs escape.

Fang Yuan’s rich experience was not just in this aspect.

He had twenty dog enslavement Gu, but he did not use them all at once, but in batches.

This terrain restricted the number of dogs that could enter battle. At the same time, the fewer dogs there were, the more Fang Yuan could use his exquisite manipulation skills.

When there are more dogs, Fang Yuan would be more distracted across battles, and his control would weaken.

The chrysanthemum akita dog group attacked again at Fang Yuan’s defensive line.

Fang Yuan had calculated to perfection, every time he used the dog enslavement Gu, it was used at the most crucial area. He not only chose the healthiest chrysanthemum akita dog that he could find, but also ruined the formation of the enemy chrysanthemum akita dogs.

Such benefits was not obvious, but in time, he gained much from it.

After nearly ten attacks, the chrysanthemum akita dogs were repelled every time.

Fang Yuan had three dog enslavement Gu left, and the remaining ten or so chrysanthemum akita dogs ran away in fear.

These chrysanthemum akita dogs were all injured, Fang Yuan had let them off earlier, to avoid their dying struggle.

Right now, they were already afraid, and chose to retreat.

“All this is due to the lack of a dog king to command them, otherwise, they would not have escaped so easily.” Fang Yuan breathed out some turbid air, choosing not to attack.

After this battle, his seven wild dogs were left with three, but he gained sixteen chrysanthemum akita dogs.

Under Fang Yuan’s skillful control, he distributed the injuries evenly on these dogs. Although they all had injuries, they preserved their battle strength, causing Fang Yuan to recover greatly from his losses in the previous round.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 349: Big Lightning Symbol Dog 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Thirteenth round…

Fourteenth round…

Seventeenth round…

Eighteenth round…

Fang Yuan got through all the stages, and the number of dogs he controlled increased. By the end of the nineteenth round, he had over eighty dogs.

Among them, he had over forty chrysanthemum akita dogs, more than twenty lightning symbol dogs, and nineteen hedgedogs.

During this period, he killed another person, it was a rank three peak stage water path Gu Master.

But, he eventually did not meet Bai Ning Bing.

“Twentieth round.” Fang Yuan had been counting in his heart.

In the three kings inheritance, every ten rounds, the difficulty would rise sharply.

After the twentieth round, there would be hundred beast kings, and hundreds to nearly a thousand beasts would attack at once.

Three lumps of light shadows appeared again in the fog, left, right, and center.

The one in the middle was orange, the size of a wicker-basket.

The left was a eerie blue lightning static, shining and was the size of a stone mill.

At the right, it was like the moon in water, flower in fog , it was a green-white formless light shadow. Among the three, this was the smallest light shadow.

Fang Yuan was clear, the size of the light shadow represented the size of the beast group, the larger it is, the more beasts there would be.

The orange shadow in front represented the chrysanthemum akita dogs, around two hundred of it. The left was the eerie blue shadow, showing a hundred and fifty lightning symbol dogs. The right was a green-white shadow, showing the Yin dog group, only around a hundred of it.

Fang Yuan eliminated the chrysanthemum akita dogs from his choice.

Once the chrysanthemum akita dog group had a dog king, they would be even more united. The larger the numbers, the larger their battle strength. Over two hundred chrysanthemum akita dogs was a calamity to the current Fang Yuan.

Next, he ruled out the Yin dog group.

Yin dogs were very unique, they did not have physical bodies, and were like a lump of Yin energy in a dog shape, floating in the air. Ordinary attacks cannot kill them, they can even penetrate mountain rocks, phase through the ground, and hide under water, etc.

Fang Yuan’s dogs did not have the ability to kill them. lightning symbol dogs only represented speed, they did not have the ability to emit lightning.

After thinking for a while, Fang Yuan chose the left path.

After the fog dispersed, the dog group surrounded him, moving alongside him slowly. A rank two dog enslavement Gu fell from the sky, landing in his palm.

When he got out of the fog, the lightning symbol dog group was loitering around the area.

On the mound, there was a larger dog, lying on the grass and sleeping.

It was larger than an ordinary lightning symbol dog by twice of their size, its body was covered in deep blue fur, sharp and spiky, flowing with static.

This was a hundred beast king — Big Lightning Symbol Dog!

“A godsend opportunity!” Fang Yuan was clear of the battle situation, as his eyes shone in a brilliant light, instantly making his decision.

He waved his hand, and sent out all his troops.

More than eighty dogs surrounded him in the middle, charging towards the big lightning symbol dog.

The big lightning symbol dog’s reaction was fast, its ears twitched and it opened its eyes, standing up instantly.

It raised his head and howled, assembling the nearby lightning symbol dog group.

Getting the command from their king, the surrounding lightning symbol dogs responded and quickly gathered at the dog king’s side from all directions.

Although the lightning symbol dogs had great speed, Fang Yuan had the initiative.

He gathered the force that he had, using them to collective assault the leader of his enemies!

Some nearby lightning symbol dogs were faster than Fang Yuan and gathered at the dog king’s side.

“Charge!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with resolution, at this time, hesitation was the biggest taboo. Once he had made up his mind, he would charge ahead fearlessly.

The defending lightning symbol dogs were quickly overwhelmed.

Fang Yuan’s formation was tight, while the lightning symbol dogs were loosely positioned, as most of them had not reached the dog king yet.

“Woof!”

As the hundred beast king big lightning symbol dog, seeing its subjects slaughtered, its inner ferocity was unleashed, as it charged towards Fang Yuan while brandishing its claws.

Fang Yuan willed, and twenty lightning symbol dogs split into two groups, flanking from the left and right. Nineteen hedgedogs lined into formation, charging fearlessly at the big lightning symbol dog. The remaining dogs — over forty chrysanthemum akita dogs, surrounded Fang Yuan, slowly spreading out and moving ahead with the hedgedogs.

The big lightning symbol dog had fallen into Fan Yuan’s encirclement, trapped in the middle.

Fang Yuan did not care about the expenditure of his mental energy, mobilizing his dog group and using the most perfect coordination.

The big lightning symbol dog had greater speed than an ordinary lightning symbol dog, but because of Fang Yuan’s encirclement, its greatest advantage was restricted.

It barked loudly, gathering its subjects.

Its subjects were rushing over in a frenzy, trying to defend it.

Fang Yuan had to trap the big lightning symbol dog, while blocking the attacks of the outside dog group, he faced great pressure and his head started hurting, as sweat poured out of his forehead.

The situation was dangerous.

If he fought them head on, even if he won, it would be a tragic victory, and his troops would dwindle. Thus, he thought of the ‘capture the king’ approach.

But if he could not control this hundred beast king, then Fang Yuan would become the filling inside a dumpling, not only would he fail this round, he might even lose his life.

In this Gu Immortal Blessed Land, other than the inheritance’s Gu worms, other Gu cannot be mobilized, thus it was easy for Gu Masters to die.

Fang Yuan’s strength qi Gu, all-out effort Gu could not be used.

Of course, he had his final trump card — Spring Autumn Cicada. But with the Spring Autumn Cicada’s current condition, although he could activate it, there was a huge risk in doing so. He was likely to self-detonate and die for nothing. Thus, unless he was forced to the extreme, and had no other choices left, Fang Yuan would not use it abruptly.

Sweat gathered into drops on his forehead, falling onto the ground.

Fang Yuan did not care about wiping it, he was clutching onto the rank two dog enslavement Gu, and did not strike yet.

He was finding the best opportunity.

Using a rank one dog enslavement Gu and subduing ordinary dogs, he could do it half-heartedly. But to subdue a hundred beast king using a rank two dog enslavement Gu, there was a possibility of failure.

That is because the hundred beast king has natural Gu worms on its body. These Gu could ruin Fang Yuan’s plans.

He only had one chance, if the rank two dog enslavement Gu was destroyed, he would be finished. Thus, he had to be careful!

“Woof!”

The big lightning symbol dog was getting anxious, it suddenly opened its mouth and shot out a lump of blue plasma.

The dark blue plasma was like a sticky substance, falling from above. As it landed on the grass, it did not dissipate, but remained shining, turning the grass and rocks charred black with a crackling sound.

“This is a rank two plasma Gu!” FangYuan immediately recognised the culprit behind this plasma.

Plasma Gu did not have a strong attack power.

Although the attack was very suddenly, and engulfed Fang Yuan’s numerous chrysanthemum akita dogs, he quickly ordered the dogs in this field of plasma to retreat at the first second.

The fur on the dogs were all charred, and they were moving sluggishly, after being paralyzed by the current. But they still had some fighting power remaining.

“Woof, woof, woof.”

The big lightning symbol dog continued to shoot out plasma, as it covered a large area of grass.

Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly knitted, his expression turning grim.

The plasma Gu’s attack power was not high, but it would affect the terrain for a period of time. During this period, the area would be a forbidden zone for Fang Yuan’s dogs.

Fang Yuan’s troops were already in the center, they did not have much room to move.

The plasma added onto this disadvantage, being a huge restriction to Fang Yuan’s plans in mobilizing troops, or changing their formation.

Without any choice left, Fang Yuan had to redeploy his troops.

He had originally placed the lightning symbol dogs at the outer line of defense, but now they moved in to deal with the hundred beast king. He sent the chrysanthemum akita dogs out, to defend against the over hundred lightning symbol dogs.

Lightning symbol dogs moved freely in the area affected by the plasma, in fact, because of the electric current stimulation, their movement speed was even raised.

The scene had become extremely disadvantageous to Fang Yuan.

Lightning symbol dogs had some fear and hesitation towards the hundred beast king big lightning symbol dog naturally. This caused Fang Yuan’s manipulation to be tougher and more energy intensive, and at the same time his control was weaker.

At the outer ring of defense, the chrysanthemum akita dogs’ speed was inferior to the lightning symbol dogs, they could only form into a tight ring of defense and defend against them passively.

If they were the lightning symbol dogs, Fang Yuan could still use speed to restrict them through kiting.

“Endure, we have to endure this! I’ve already learnt of the hundred beast king’s first Gu, next, we have to continue…” Although he was in danger, Fang Yuan’s heart was still calm and peaceful.

Everytime the plasma Gu was activated, it needed a cooldown of five breaths. The plasma Gu itself needed rest too.

During this five breaths, Fang Yuan could activate the rank two dog enslavement Gu without fear of the plasma Gu’s attack.

But Fang Yuan did not know what other Gu this hundred beast king had.

To be safe, he had to continue testing.

Time continued to pass, and the situation was getting tougher for Fang Yuan.

He had lost fourteen lightning symbol dogs, only having nine left. The hedgedogs were not the same race as the lightning symbol dog, thus there was less casualties, but only eleven remained.

Chrysanthemum akita dogs suffered the greatest loss, from around fifty, they fell to less than twenty.

But Fang Yuan did not manage to find out of the hundred beast king possessed a second Gu.

He decided to strike!

“I can’t wait anymore. Most likely, this big lightning symbol dog only has one Gu on it.”

He had to take a risk.

If he continued waiting, his line of defense would be completely broken.

Rank two dog enslavement Gu!

While the big lightning symbol dog shot out a plasma bolt, Fang Yuan quickly struck and unleashed his Gu.

Under Fang Yuan’s supervision, the dog enslavement Gu successfully flew into the big lightning symbol dog and planted itself into its soul.

A formless impact in terms of mental energy assaulted Fang Yuan through his dog enslavement Gu.

Fang Yuan’s head was already hurting, but after suffering this attack, he instantly felt dizzy.

This was the soul of the hundred beast king, the resistance towards the enslavement.

Subduing a hundred beast king was not easy.

Fang Yuan’s body wavered, gritting his teeth as he endured.

A mental connection allowed Fang Yuan and the big lightning symbol dog to communicate. The dog was still resisting earlier, wanting to chop Fang Yuan into pieces, but the moment later, it started barking, wagging its tail at Fang Yuan affectionately.

The surrounding lightning symbol dog group heard the dog king’s call and stopped their attack.

The intense battle had ended, and peace returned.

Fang Yuan stood on the spot, turning his head and looking at the battlefield.

The risk paid off!

Although he had some losses, but looking around him — there were at least a hundred and twenty lightning symbol dogs.

Not to forget, he had a hundred beast king that possesses a plasma Gu.

Fang Yuan’s battle strength surged!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 350: Dog Guts Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The fog ahead was thick.

Fang Yuan was walking in the fog, beside him, there was a large dog group.

Eleven hedgedogs, a hundred and thirty-two lightning symbol dogs, seventeen chrysanthemum akita dogs. Other than that, there was a hundred beast king, big lightning symbol dog.

Restricted by the heavenly power, the dog group followed Fang Yuan silently, quiet and obedient, not making a sound.

In the world of the fog, all was silent.

It was so silent that Fang Yuan hear his own breathing.

Although he had endured twenty rounds, and the dogs in his hand had reached the highest so far, Fang Yuan was not optimistic.

“In this three kings inheritance, every ten rounds, the difficulty would rise by many times. Although I have more than a hundred dogs now, to survive the next ten rounds and get to the thirtieth round on my first attempt, it will not be easy.”

Thirty rounds, that was Fang Yuan’s goal for his first attempt in King Quan inheritance.

In his previous life, the three kings inheritance was only completely rung dry after many years. Fang Yuan would have to spend quite a bit of time on San Cha mountain, it was not realistic to attempt to get the inheritance in one go.

Three kings inheritance, all three were tough. Even if Fang Yuan had a hundred beast king, and over a hundred dogs, he could only stabilize his current position.

In the future rounds, if he got careless in any of them, he might lose everything, losing the dogs that he had painstakingly subdued, and even his life.

A demonic inheritance was this cruel.

“This King Quan inheritance, the deeper we go, the more advantageous it is for an enslavement path Gu Master. I walked on the enslavement path before in my previous life, but this time, I am a strength path Gu Master.”

After experiencing that dangerous battle, Fang Yuan’s head was still dizzy.

Using his mental energy so intensely, spending all his energy to control the dog groups to battle, this was the backlash.

But if it was an enslavement path Gu Master who has a strong soul, such symptoms would be very small.

Gu Masters on the enslavement path enslaved beasts or worms. They have to manipulate large numbers of worms or beasts at the same time, it used up a lot of their mental energy. Thus, enslavement path Gu Masters often used a special set of Gu worms to train and increase the quality of their own soul.

In the King Quan’s inheritance, the heavenly power did not restrict the soul enhancements of Gu Masters at all.

Thus, enslavement path Gu Masters had a huge advantage in King Quan Inheritance.

“But the enslavement path is very tough. Firstly, food was a huge burden, the large the size of your beast or worm group, the more food you needed. Secondly, to recruit strong worm or beasts, it is not easy. One can easily suffer a backlash, turning into an idiot. Thirdly, enslavement path Gu Masters overly rely on their beasts or worms. Their bodies are weak, and they are easily to deal with when alone.” Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.

The different styles of Gu Masters, all had their strengths and weaknesses, difficulties and advantages.

The world was changing, the world was transforming. In the current Gu world, qi path was non-existent, strength path was declining, only left with a trace of its former glory. Enslavement path was extremely ordinary, and was hard to rise up. Occasionally, some enslavement path experts rise up, but vanish like a shooting star, only brilliant for a moment.

“Enslavement path Gu Masters have a huge requirement for resources. It is tiring on the mind and body, even a middle-sized clan cannot afford to feed an enslavement path Gu Master. At most, large or super clans would choose to nurture a few enslavement path Gu Masters for war purposes. Within the demonic path, it is even harder for enslavement path Gu Masters to survive, barely any even exists. That is why I did not choose this path.”

Fang Yuan calmed his spirit, focusing his mind.

After a while, he felt his head clearing up, as the dizziness faded.

He opened his eyes, looking around.

To his left, right, and front, there was a light shadow each.

Earlier, the light shadows were a blur. But after twenty rounds, they became extremely clear.

The left shadow was a group of chrysanthemum akita dogs, around two hundred of them. Some sprawled on the ground and rested, some were playing, while the rest were drinking milk from their mother.

Fang Yuan concentrated his gaze, looking intensely.

The beast kings of the chrysanthemum akita dogs were different from others, the stronger they were, the smaller their bodies.

Especially in a chaotic battlefield, the beast king mixes in with the dog groups, and become hidden. It was a good way to protect itself.

‘Where can the hundred beast king be?” Fang Yuan looked around, and suddenly the light shadow changed, showing a Gu.

This Gu was fist-sized, shaped like a pebble, dark brown in color. Its surface was smooth, like it had a layer of oil.

“Dog guts Gu.” Fang Yuan recognised this Gu at the first second: “Appearing after the beast group, that means that if I choose this group of chrysanthemum akita dogs, and attain victory, I will get a dog guts Gu…”

A while later, this light shadow vanished.

Fang Yuan did not make his decision, but looked at the middle one.

The light shadow in front of him was showing a black-ish dog group.

These dogs were barking at each other, charging and crashing together. It showed the ferocity and violent nature of this type of dog.

This was the steel armor dog.

There was a leather armor on this type of dog, the leather armor was dark and heavy, like steel, it had strong defenses.

In the process of growing up, the dogs would knock into one another, to reduce the intense itchiness of their bodies growing bigger.

The hundred beast king of the steel armor dog had the same size as the big lightning symbol dog. It was very noticeable among the dog groups, Fang Yuan found it almost immediately.

Immediately after, the light shadow flashed, and a Gu appeared.

This Gu, Fang Yuan was familiar with it; he had used it earlier.

Rank two dog enslavement Gu.

“If I choose the steel armor dog group and win, I get a dog enslavement Gu…”

Fang Yuan muttered, turning his gaze to the right.

In the light shadow on the right, there was no dogs at all. Instead, it showed a mountainous scene, with grey-white mountain rocks and cliffs, green trees swaying with the wind.

After a while, this image vanished, not showing a Gu like before.

“This is a chance to leave the King Quan Inheritance.” Fang Yuan knew in his heart.

King Quan Inheritance was created inside the blessed land, Gu Masters who enter were restricted by the heavenly power, unable to enter or leave at will.

But the three kings inheritance was not a place without exits, there was a hope of survival in it.

At every set interval, there would be a chance to retreat from the inheritance.

Just like this time, if Fang Yuan chose the right side, when he leaves the fog, he would be transported out.

He would appear at the mountainous area as shown in the light shadow, and this mountain waist was not far away, it was somewhere on San Cha mountain.

But Fang Yuan did not choose the right side.

“I have the resources on me to continue forward. It is too much of a pity if I leave now. Of course, there might not be a chance for me to leave later.”

This was also a formless test.

Many Gu Masters, although they had strength, in order to stay safe, they decided to give up and leave the inheritance, wasting such a good opportunity.

Some Gu Masters had no talent, but went forward recklessly, missing the opportunity to retreat, they die in regret.

Fang Yuan had never lacked courage, he gave up this opportunity resolutely. To him, there was only two options.

“To the left, it is the chrysanthemum akita dogs. This dog is most united, and the location of the dog king is unknown. If I win, I get a dog guts Gu. Dog guts Gu is a rank two supplementary Gu of the enslavement path. It is used on dogs, once activated, it allows the courage and morale of my dogs in a certain range to rise, sweeping away their fear and drawing out their complete battle strength.”

Fang Yuan thought about his previous match.

He was forced to use the lightning symbol dogs to attack the big lightning symbol dog. In the end, the lightning symbol dogs were fearful and battled in trepidation, having much less battle strength than normal. Fang Yuan had to waste his mental energy to force them to fight, causing his mind to feel exhausted.

Beast kings suppressed and generated fear in ordinary wild beasts.

But if Fang Yuan had used the dog guts Gu earlier, using it on the lightning symbol dogs.

These lightning symbol dogs would feel extremely courageous, no longer fearful and could execute brave attacks towards the big lightning symbol dog.

Thus, the dog guts Gu, although not an attacking Gu, it was the best supplementary Gu. It targeted dogs, causing their courage to double or triple, raising their morale sky high!

“Dog guts Gu is only rank two, it can allow ordinary dogs to suppress their fear towards hundred beast kings. Above that would be the rank three dog guts above mountain Gu, able to resist the fear towards a thousand beast king. At rank four, it would be dog guts above sea Gu, able to resist the aura of a myriad beast king. If it can rise to rank five, it would be the infamous dog guts above heaven Gu! It can cause dogs to go into a frenzy, going crazy and attacking like a tsunami, even having the courage to overturn the emperor of dogs…”

Fang Yuan knew clearly, and even knew that in King Quan Inheritance, there were rank one to five Gu of the dog guts series.

In his previous life, many people had obtained the rank three and four dog guts Gu, and there was even a lucky person who obtained the one and only rank five dog guts above heaven Gu.

“If I want to conquer the King Quan Inheritance, the dog guts Gu is necessary.”

Fang Yuan had to admit, he had always had a desire towards dog guts Gu.

But his steps did not move to the left, but instead, moved forward —

He chose the steel armor dog group.

Although he wanted the dog guts Gu badly, he was not overwhelmed by greed.

The chrysanthemum akita dogs were extremely united, they were extremely strong in group battles, it would be a tough battle. At the same time, they dog king hid itself very well, Fang Yuan could not find it, it would be a huge threat.

But the steel armor dogs were different.

Their dog king was very apparent, and in Fang Yuan’s hands, he had a special tool that was extremely effective against steel armor dogs.

Fang Yuan walked out of the fog, and the steel armor dog group was vigilant, immediately having a reaction.

As the hundred beast king, big steel armor dog howled, causing the dogs to run and gather by its side.

During the whole process, Fang Yuan observed silently.

He did not attack like before, because last time, he had a rank two dog enslavement Gu, but now he did not have it anymore.

He needed to exterminate this group of dogs to pass this round, and get a dog enslavement Gu as a reward.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 351: Multitask Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The two dog groups were at a stalemate.

At Fang Yuan’s side, the blue color lightning symbol dog were at the main position, with the grey hedgedogs as support along with the orange chrysanthemum akita dogs. As for the steel armor dog groups, it was a sea of black.

Fang Yuan mobilized the big lightning symbol dog to the front, waving his hand and sending the dogs out to attack as the vanguard.

Big steel armor dog barked, upon seeing the big lightning symbol dog appear, it stepped into the battlefield as well.

Beside it, the steel armor dog group followed closely behind, they were like a huge black cloud, flying down from the mound, giving off a terrifying aura.

The dog groups clashed together, Fang Yuan had a limited number of vanguards, quickly engulfed by the huge number of steel armor dogs.

But because of the big lightning symbol dog’s existence, the steel armor dog group could not take them down so easily.

The big lightning symbol dog was after all a hundred beast king, under the attack of the dog group, it was able to handle them left and right, putting up a brave fight. Ordinary steel armor dogs were not its match.

Woof!

The big steel armor dog stepped out, finally stopping the assault of the big lightning symbol dog.

Only a hundred beast king could stop a hundred beast king.

As the intense battle continued, big lightning symbol dog started to weaken. It had just undergone a battle earlier, and there was still injuries on it, causing its battle strength to be lower than usual. Furthermore, its specialty was speed, but it was going head to head with the big steel armor dog who specialized in defense, it obviously had the disadvantage.

Fang Yuan saw this, and sent his dog group over.

The new troops flowed in like a river, entering the battle causing chaos.

But the enemy was the steel armor dogs, experts at defense, most adept at such battles.

Although Fang Yuan sent out his army, and only left a few dog guards behind to protect himself, he could not change the situation.

Be it the hundred beast king battle, or the dog group battle, he was at a disadvantage.

But Fang Yuan was not worried.

The truth is, this was what he wanted all along.

He was waiting.

Waiting for the weapon which suppressed the steel armor dogs to appear.

Woof!

Big lightning symbol dog could not block the attack of the big steel armor dog, and suddenly barked, shooting out a mouthful of blue plasma.

Rank two plasma Gu!

“This is it.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly, as his lips curled up.

Steel armor dog group gathered at their dog king, attacking the big lightning symbol dog while enduring the attacks of Fang Yuan’s dog group, causing them to be closely packed together, like the shape of a black bucket.

Blue plasma landed on the ground, splattering.

Large amounts of plasma landed on the steel armor dogs, causing their bodies to vibrate as they cried. Not only did their battle strength fall, the formation of the entire dog group was broken and heavily obstructed.

The armor on the steel armor dogs were of metallic element. Although the steel gave them superior defenses, it also made them unable to resist the power of electricity.

The attack power of plasma Gu was not high, but once used on the steel armor dogs, it was a formidable move.

The big lightning symbol dog shot out plasma continuously, as plasma covered the entire battlefield, heavily weakening the battle strength of the steel armor dogs.

The firm steel-like formation, had collapsed under the effects of plasma Gu.

Fang Yuan saw an opportunity, and commanded the dogs to charge, the dog group outside worked together with the big lightning symbol dog in the middle, unleashing a high offensive power.

If one watched from the sky, they would see that the large black area was first eroded by blue color, before being devoured by the surrounding blend of colors.

Black continued to reduce, while blue, yellow, and grey overtook them and dominated the field.

The situation changed quickly, soon, Fang Yuan regained his control, killing most of the steel armor dogs and encircling the big steel armor dog in the middle.

Feeling danger, the Gu worm on the big steel armor dog started to work.

Big steel armor dog gained more strength, while black spikes grew out of its body.

Fifteen minutes later, the big steel armor dog’s throat was torn by the big lightning symbol dog, and fell indignantly. Its blood flowed on the ground, but it did not get up anymore.

The battle ended.

As for the two Gu worms on the big steel armor dog, one was destroyed during the battle,while the other flew away.

Fang Yuan’s expression was grim, in order to kill this hundred beast king, he paid a huge price. He only had half of his dog group left, and it would be a problem for his remaining battles.

After twenty rounds, beast kings would appear.

With the beast king, the dog groups would display greater battle strength, at the same time, the beast king itself was a huge threat.

The more Gu worms on its body, the stronger it is, and the worse the situation would be for the Gu Master fighting it.

Fang Yuan’s luck was bad this time, the big steel armor dog he encountered this time had two Gu. Especially when one of the Gu was good at attack and defense, causing Fang Yuan to suffer great losses.

One’s own luck matters when challenging the three kings inheritance.

The steel armor dog group was Fang Yuan’s best choice this time, but his luck was not as good.

A rank two dog enslavement Gu fell from above, as his prize for winning.

Fang Yuan did not use the Spring Autumn Cicada, he instantly refined the Gu with the help of the heavenly power.

“This Gu is the key to getting past the next round.” With such a resolution, Fang Yuan stepped into the fog.

Left, center, right, there were light shadows at all three directions. They were: A large numbers of corpse dogs, a certain number of Yin dogs, and a huge number of hyenas!

Fang Yuan’s eyes glowed as he analyzed.

This time, his strength was limited, thus he had to choose wisely, fighting a weak enemy while thinking of the reward of winning.

“If I defeat the corpse dog group, I get a white silver relic Gu. Killing the Yin dogs give me a two tasks at once Gu…”

White silver relic Gu was no use to Fang Yuan. At this stage, only yellow gold relic Gu had an attraction to him.

But unfortunately, yellow gold relic Gu was heavily controlled even in Shang clan city.

Rank four Gu Masters were experts in the mortal Gu Master realm. One yellow gold relic Gu could affect the battle strength among rank four Gu Masters greatly.

In the market, white silver relic Gu was sold normally, while yellow gold relic Gu were extremely rare, often held in the hands of the higher-ups.

Fang Yuan knew, super clans like Shang clan had lots of yellow gold relic Gu in their inventory. But even with the purple thorn token, he could not get them.

Shang Yan Fei held these yellow gold relic Gu in his hand, refusing to let them enter the market.

This was a secret temptation.

If Fang Yuan truly joined Shang clan, the yellow gold relic Gu would be a form of reward.

Shang Yan Fei’s brilliance was not something a commoner could understand. Fang Yuan did not want to compete with him in wits and strength just for a yellow gold relic Gu, and cause his own plans to be stalled.

“In the three kings inheritance, there are yellow gold relic Gu. But only after the fortieth round, if I can get one, the situation would improve greatly.

Fang Yuan had desire towards the yellow gold relic Gu.

But he knew, whether he could get one was all attributed to his own luck.

He could not force this.

As for the two tasks at once Gu, it could allow the Gu Master to split his mind into two and was extremely effective in manipulating worm or beast armies.

Fang Yuan himself could do four tasks at once, if he added in this Gu, he would be able to do six tasks at once.

“Two tasks at once Gu is only a rank two Gu. Going higher, there are three tasks at once, four tasks at once, five tasks at once and so on. Multitask Gu is the most important tool for an enslavement path Gu Master. Hmm, wait… this is?”

Fang Yuan looked at the right, after the hyenas disappeared, it showed a token.

An ordinary reward is an enslavement path Gu.

But this reward was slightly special, it was an ordinary looking token.

The token was rough and had an irregular shape, like it was casually molded into shape by someone. On the surface, there was the carving of San Cha mountain, but this map was extremely casual and ugly, giving a strong feeling of half-heartedness. With one glance, one can easily tell that the person who made this token did not put in any effort, only doing it out of necessity.

But once Fang Yuan saw this token, his eyes lit up.

“King Quan travel token!” He immediately forgot about the white silver relic Gu, two tasks at once Gu.

“What luck to have encountered this token, I must get it!” Fang Yuan had a determined mind, he had to get this token at all costs.

Although this token looked worthless, it was one of the best items.

Right now, no one knew its worth yet, but Fang Yuan knew clearly, towards to end of the three kings inheritance in his previous life, the price of such a token was as high as a rank four Gu!

“But this hyena pack is huge, and there are two dog kings. If I choose this path, the risks are huge. The best scenario is that I enslave one of the two big hyenas during battle. But even so, if I win this battle, I would suffer huge losses and would lose the ability to advance further.”

Fang Yuan had a clear understanding of his own strength.

The advantage of experience was shown here, it allowed him to clearly know the advantages and disadvantages of every choice.

Fang Yuan thought about it, and decided to take a risk.

Since he walked on the demonic path, he had to take risks, by taking the extreme path, he would gain the biggest profits. Having no regrets after every choice, this was truly being alive!

Four hours later.

An intense battle ended.

On and below the mound, there were dog corpses everywhere. Fresh blood flowed as limbs decorated the ground.

Fang Yuan stood on the mound, slightly injured. In this Gu Immortal blessed land, he could not use his Gu, causing him to be extremely weakened.

“But I won anyway…” Fang Yuan looked at his surroundings, only a dozen or so dogs were left, as he sighed deeply.

Losing almost all the dogs that he had, there was no longer any hope of advancing in this cruel demonic inheritance.

But Fang Yuan had the last bit of hope in his mind.

The heavenly power descended, sending him into the fog once again.

“If I encounter Bai Ning Bing, by borrowing her strength, I would be able to continue.” But Fang Yuan was to be disappointed.

All three directions led to dog groups. If he did not have the travel token, Fang Yuan would definitely die.

He took out the travel token.

Grasping it tightly, he bit the tip of his tongue and spit out some blood.

The blood landed on the token, and Fang Yuan opened his mouth, saying to the token softy: “Woof.”

The token emitted a strong light, as it tore through space, dragging Fang Yuan with it.

In the silent fog, there was no one left.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 352: Casually killed 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Mountain winds gently blew.

In an ordinary bamboo forest in the middle of San Cha mountain, the space suddenly shattered and light burst out.

The light flickered away instantly; in a bush where there had been no one before, a person appeared.

It was a youth with black hair, black pupils and a calm face. He was holding a token, it was Fang Yuan.

“I have exited King Quan Inheritance…” Fang Yuan had only felt his eyes blur for a moment and the next moment, he was at a strange place.

He looked around, confirming there was no danger around him and that he was somewhere around the middle of San Cha mountain.

According to his initial estimation, he was now at the northern side of San Cha mountain; while the cave he had occupied with Bai Ning Bing was on the southeast side.

He raised his head and looked at the peak.

San Cha mountain possessed three peaks which stood high in the clouds like three equal spear tips.

The light pillars on the peaks were gradually dying down.

The yellow light pillar represented the entrance to King Quan Inheritance; the blue light pillar was King Xin Inheritance; and the red light pillar was King Bao Inheritance.

The size of the light pillars had already decreased by around half compared to when Fang Yuan had just entered.

With the passing of time, the number of Gu Masters that entered the inheritances increased while the light pillars would continue to become small till it completely disappeared; at that time, the entrances to the three inheritances would be closed.

After another round of waiting, the light pillars would activate again and bring in a new round of carnage.

Fang Yuan looked at the token in his hand.

On the surface of this unsightly King Quan token, there were now several deep cracks.

Fang Yuan was not surprised.

King Quan travel token could be used for three times at most. After three uses, the token would completely crack into pieces and could not be used anymore.

However, these three chances for retreating were extremely precious. This was not only a chance to survive, the even more important thing was the Gu Master would have a psychological superiority and could choose their paths more freely.

Fang Yuan stored this travel token carefully and hurried towards his cave.

“Ah, it is Fang Zheng!”

“Little beast king has finally appeared…”

On the whole way, Fang Yuan ran into many Gu Masters; regardless of righteous path or demonic path, they all casted a strange and amazed look at him.

“What happened?” Fang Yuan frowned, he keenly sensed that something rather important had happened.

Halfway to his cave, he casually grabbed someone and questioned.

It turns out Bai Ning Bing killed a Tie clan Gu Master in King Quan Inheritance. After she came out of the inheritance, she was immediately discovered by Tie clan.

Tie clan Gu Masters surrounded the cave and trapped Bai Ning Bing.

Four rank four middle stage Gu Masters moved at the same time and used iron cabinet Gu to lock down the nearby area.

Bai Ning Bing could not force her way through it and was now being attacked continuously by Tie clan Gu Masters.

“Lord little beast king, this matter has been made a big deal and the whole San Cha mountain knows about it. This is no longer a matter of personal hatred but it represents the battle between the righteous path and us demonic path! Actually, everyone is waiting for you. Lord, if you act, those Tie clan Gu Masters won’t be able to block you. You are our demonic path’s genius, our demonic path’s flag! Lord, I have said everything there is to say, can I take my leave now?” That unlucky guy grabbed by Fang Yuan begged in a sobbing voice.

“Such a big thing happened…” Fang Yuan slightly furrowed his brows while holding the unfortunate guy by the collar.

Although this news could startle anyone when they first hear it, it was not beyond Fang Yuan’s anticipation.

There were naturally going to be conflicts as they moved through the three kings inheritance.

This was a demonic path inheritance, the competition was extremely cruel. Sometimes, even if one wanted to retreat, they could not.

“Tie clan has rust flower Gu, this Gu is stored in the souls of Tie clansmen. Whoever kills Tie clansmen would be stained with this formless fragrance. It is not surprising Bai Ning Bing was found out.” Fang Yuan nodded while mumbling to himself.

“Lord, you are truly knowledgeable, you are extremely right. Lord, you don’t know that your disappearance these few days caused everyone on San Cha mountain to comment and say you are an ostrich and are afraid of being involved with a top clan like Tie clan. Do I not know what kind of person lord is? Lord, you are the one I admire the most, since you arrived at San Cha mountain, you have killed the tyrant, Fei Li and Sky Tiger. Is there anyone who do not know of your fame and reputation? You definitely have some reason that the outsiders don’t need to know. Right now if you act, those Tie clansmen will definitely wet their pants in fear and implore lord to let them off.”

Fang Yuan had great strength and as he grabbed this unlucky guy’s collar, the unlucky guy was having trouble breathing and his face was becoming purplish.

However, for survival, this Gu Master talked non-stop, flattering from start to end, showing his immense will to survive.

Fang Yuan fell silent and only after a long while did he slowly speak: “You are right.”

He loosened his hand.

This rank two Gu Master immediately flushed with joy: “What kind of person is lord, any discerning person would be clear of it! Lord is absolutely a great hero, great warrior, those slandering lord are bastards, they are all blind! Lord, I have always supported you and argued with others for you…”

“Hehe.”

Fang Yuan suddenly laughed coldly.

His hand moved like lightning, like an eagle’s claws, as he suddenly pinched this rank two Gu Master’s neck.

Crack!

The Gu Master’s eyes quickly widened, the spinal bone on his neck was completely crushed by Fang Yuan and he lost his life on the spot.

Gasp… Upon seeing this, the Gu Masters observing from the shadows drew in a cold breath sharply.

Fang Yuan was an influential figure and because of Bai Ning Bing’s matter, the moment he appeared, his tracks were revealed and his every movement was watched by many.

Fang Yuan killed this person and immediately searched his body.

Unfortunately, whether it was on him or his aperture, all the Gu worms had self-destructed.

Fang Yuan attacked extremely fast, but how could it be faster than a person’s thought?

The speed a person could send a thought was as fast as a jolt of electricity, even a blink of an eye could not match one percent of its speed.

In the outside world, the probability of getting Gu worms as the spoils of battle against Gu Masters was quite low. It was not like at three kings inheritance with the heavenly power’s restriction where Gu at rank five and below could not self-destruct.

Seeing Fang Yuan’s skilled body searching method, the many Gu Masters observing from the darkness felt the chill intensify further in their spine.

“Such skillfulness, how many people has he killed?”

“Fang Zheng does not let even rank two Gu worms go, he is clearly a rank four, we can see how greedy his nature is!”

“Fang Zheng is extremely addicted to killing! That Gu Master was clearly begging him and was of no threat to him, but he still did not let him go.”

“Have you guys seen enough? If you have, then screw off!” Fang Yuan stood arrogantly and shouted while looking around him with a fierce gaze.

Soon after, human figures emerged from the lush bushes, trees, creeks, and from under the soil and stones.

These figures quickly retreated and disappeared within seconds.

The area around Fang Yuan had once again regained peacefulness. It was really difficult to imagine that there were so many people hiding.

Fang Yuan had a great reputation for his violence now, he killed three rank four demonic Gu Masters in a row, he got things done by hook or by crook, he was despicable and cold-blooded, and was fiercely addicted to killing. These people had their courage broken by Fang Yuan’s one simple sentence and did not dare to linger around Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan snorted and looked around him once again before proudly leaving this place.

But he knew, he was still being monitored from within the darkness.

The ones scared off by him were all shrimps. The remaining ones were all unique, with the capital to be confident.

Fang Yuan was not concerned about them and strutted out of this place.

In truth, although he had outstanding battle prowess now, he still had a weakness in the investigative aspect. Moreover these Gu Masters who were secretly following and monitoring him were sure to also be experts at speed. Even if Fang Yuan discovered them, he only had charging crash Gu and it would be fairly difficult for him to chase them.

“Where is he going? This direction is not towards the area where Bai Ning Bing is trapped.”

“Did he discover me? Just now when he looked around, my heart skipped a beat…”

“Is little beast king afraid? Wait a moment, this cave seems to be Li Xian’s residence?’

These Gu Masters followed after Fang Yuan cautiously, they were all inwardly surprised when they saw Fang Yuan stop in front of a cave.

HIs partner, the inseparable white demon Bai Ning Bing was trapped, but little beast king did not seem to be the least bit anxious. Instead, he walked towards Li Xian’s residence.

Li Xian was a demonic path Gu Master at rank four upper stage. He was cunning and never suffered losses, a troublesome character. Could it be little beast king was looking to find trouble for Li Xian?

The Gu Masters following Fang Yuan secretly made guesses.

Fang Yuan’s arrival immediately attracted Li Xian’s attention.

Li Xian was already near his cave setting up detecting methods.

“Lord little beast king, truly a rare guest! You came to my place, what can I do for you?” Li Xian took the initiative to greet Fang Yuan, he approached Fang Yuan and cupped his fists as a greeting at a distance of twenty steps.

He did not dare to be too close to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was a temperamental ruffian; Li Xian, this unscrupulous merchant was also on edge when facing him.

Fang Yuan’s visit was beyond his expectation. Who knew what Fang Yuan, this lunatic, cunning and shameless guy would do next?

Thus, Li Xian appeared calm on the surface and was full of smiled, but he was already extremely vigilant.

“I came to you naturally for business. What’s wrong, are you not going to invite me in?” Fang Yuan smiled with an indistinct gaze.

“Since you are a customer, I will of course welcome you. Please come in, come in.” Li Xian’s gaze flashed and he moved aside, letting Fang Yuan enter first.

Fang Yuan strutted past him and glanced at Li Xian.

Li Xian smiled and walked alongside Fang Yuan into his cave.

“They have gone inside!”

“I can’t follow them anymore, there are investigative Gu installed around the cave. If I trespass, I will definitely be treated as an enemy by Li Xian.”

“Is little beast king really going to make a deal? Why do I feel Li Xian is out of luck this time?”

“I can already predict the scene of the explosive and tremendous battle between the two.”

“Li Xian is at rank four upper stage, he definitely has many trump cards. If a fight erupts, it is sure to be a battle of dragon and tiger!”

Outside the cave, the group of Gu Masters could only stop and stretch their necks to look at the dark cave.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 353: Thunder Boar, Rock Crocodile 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Inside the cave.

Li Xian asked Fang Yuan to take a seat and then sat beside him.

“Please have some tea.” Li Xian stretched his short and thick fingers, his hand opened up and a fragrant tea appeared on his open palm.

Fang Yuan looked at the tea, but did not accepted it or even budged, instead he sighed: “Eastern Sea’s blue sky Gu is really handy. Not only does it have a large capacity, far surpassing others of the same level, it is also easy and convenient to use.

“Eh? I didn’t expect Sir little beast king to recognize this Gu.” Li Xian’s gaze slightly flickered.

He was not from Southern Border, but came drifting to here from Eastern Sea. Blue sky Gu was a Gu unique to Eastern Sea and was very uncommon at that.

When Li Xian had dealings with other people, he frequently used this Gu to show his methods.

Southern Border Gu Masters did not recognize this Gu and when they saw such a method for the first time, they would often look more highly at Li Xian.

Fang Yuan smiled and slowly said: ” This rank four blue sky Gu is fused from rank three sky granary Gu. The success rate is quite low so it is rare even in Eastern Sea. If blue sky Gu is to be advanced to rank five, the best method is to fuse it with sky well Gu, to form rank five blue sky well Gu. And this sky well Gu is a natural Gu found only in Eastern Sea’s Tian Jing island. Li Xian, if you want to advance it, it will be troublesome. Here in Southern Border, only Yi clan might have sky well Gu.”

Yi clan along with Shang clan, Wu clan and Tie clan, was a top clan and had very close relation to Eastern Sea’s forces. Yi clan’s businesses are very prosperous, second only to Shang clan. Their flying blue whale caravan could move through the sky, which even Shang clan did not have.

“Blue sky Gu, sky well Gu, blue sky well Gu and Tian Jing island….how does little beast king know it so clearly?” Li Xian was startled and suspicious when he heard Fang Yuan’s words.

The world of Gu Masters was extremely vast, there were also barriers that acted like heavenly chasm between Southern Border, Northern Plains, Eastern Seas, Western Desert and Central Continent. It was very difficult to communicate with each other and news were also blocked.

Li Xian had already investigated all details on Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was born in Southern Border and he was so young, how could he have such experiences? Even knowing detailed information about Eastern Sea!

A vague pressure started to form in Li Xian’s mind.

‘Strange, strange! What is the origin of this little beast king? How could he know so much? Could there be an expert behind him?’

‘With his age and experience, how could he know such details? Oh yeah, he stayed for quite a while at Shang clan city and might have received guidance from Shang Yan Fei. Shang Yan Fei is Shang clan leader, a rank five upper stage Gu Master, an expert at the peak of the mortal world. It is not strange for little beast king to know these under his guidance.’

Li Xian’s gaze continually flickered, his heart covered with haze of doubts. His whole body was in a stiff position and his palm was still holding the purple clay teapot.

“No!” Suddenly, his thoughts flashed like lightning as he thought of the main thing: “I originally wanted to display my methods and pressure him down. To think I became overly suspicious and my mind became uneasy just from little beast king’s several words! Even if he has Shang Yan Fei behind him, so what? Others might be afraid, but I, Li Xian, have my own means! Hmph.”

Li Xian softly snorted and placed the teapot on the table. He took this chance to calm his mind.

He was, after all, an elite of the demonic path and adjusted his mind in just few breaths’ time. He then faced Fang Yuan calmly.

It was just that there were some cautiousness and graveness in his eyes now.

“Sir little beast king, please taste the tea. What transaction do you want to make with me?” Li Xian asked.

“You don’t need to think much, it is only a simple transaction.” Fang Yuan said, then took out some Gu worms from his aperture and showed to Li Xian.

These Gu worms were the loot he seized from the Gu Masters he killed in King Quan Inheritance.

There were rank three and rank four Gu, but they were not suitable for Fang Yuan’s strength path.

Li Xian could not help narrowing his eyes when he saw these Gu.

He was a very shrewd person and immediately realized many things: ‘Who would have expected this little beast king to also have some accomplishments in enslavement path! After entering King Quan Inheritance, he killed two Gu Masters. Such talent is truly demonic!’

Li Xian could not help but think of Mo Wu Tian.

After he came to Southern Border, he had walked on the demonic path for a long time, coming into contact with all sorts of people. He felt that just based on aptitude, talent and temperament, among the younger generation of the demonic path, Mo Wu Tian was at the top.

However, now, he realized the little beast king in front him had a talent that was not inferior to Mo Wu Tian’s!

‘Little beast king and Mo Wu Tian, I wonder what will happen if these two came across each other? It is just that the current little beast king’s cultivation is somewhat weak, Mo Wu Tian is older than him and is already rank four peak stage.’

Li Xian pondered, he spoke excitedly, however: “Sir little beast king, you did the right thing finding me for this transaction. I have a Gu on me which I believe will be important to sir.”

“Oh?” Fang Yuan raised his brows.

Li Xian spread out his palm and a ball suddenly appeared.

This ball looked nice, shining with white gold light. Fang Yuan carefully looked at it and saw that the ball was an ant ball; over a hundred flying ants crawling on each other and sticking together to form a ball.

These flying ants did not look any different from normal ants.

Except, they were several times larger and they had a pair of transparent wings on their back.

“This is rank three gold eating flying ant Gu, altogether, there are one hundred and twenty. Those several old fellows from Tie clan trapped lord white demon by using iron cabinet Gu along with qi flow Gu. Now, the thousand feet around that area has been locked down. However, the iron cabinet Gu will collapse easily against this group of flying ants. Sir little beast king, I have just calculated, the price of your Gu is just good enough to buy this group of flying ants.” Li Xian smiled warmly.

However, beyond his expectation, Fang Yuan only glanced at this gold consuming flying ant Gu once before shifting his gaze: “Who said I am going to buy this thing? This is the list of items, I want all the things written on it.”

Li Xian accepted the list and glanced at it, there were many Gu worms and numerous supplementary materials for refining Gu written on it.

Although there were all kinds of items on the list, with Li Xian’s experience and shrewdness, it was not difficult for him to see these things were all necessary for strength path.

‘Bai Ning Bing has been trapped by Tie clan, how come this little beast king is not in the least bit worried? Strange! It won’t be easy for him to get rid of iron cabinet Gu with just the strength path Gu on him. Does he have some special methods? Or maybe, the items on this list is to refine the nemesis of iron cabinet Gu?’

Li Xian narrowed his eyes, a bright light flashed past the slit of his eyes. He probed: “Sir little beast king, there are all sorts of things on this list, I cannot bring them out in a short while. Moreover, their total price far surpassed the price of these Gu you are selling.”

“No problem, no problem.” Fang Yuan waved his hand, “I want to buy all the items on this list. Give me whatever you have currently. As for the others, I will have to trouble you to pay attention to them. Money is not a problem.”

Fang Yuan had a lot of primeval stones on him, his financial resources were adequate enough.

Li Xian laughed, he could not probe out anything so he only nodded and agreed.

……

Inside a cave, lights flickered.

Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground, his whole attention on ball of paste in front of him.

This paste was multicolored and was floating in the air, rolling and churning continually, and gave out a strange fragrance – the Gu fusion process had reached the critical stage.

Fang Yuan constantly threw in primeval stones.

Primeval stones entered the paste and immediately dissolved into essence liquid, diluting the thick paste.

Fang Yuan continued to throw in primeval stones without care, only after the paste thinned to a certain degree did he stop.

Then, he quickly took out a thunderclap Gu.

Thunderclap Gu was a rank three Gu. The paste swallowed it up and immediately flickered lightning.

In a split second, the fragrance in the air was magnified greatly, the multicolored light dispersed and was replaced with abundant blue light. The lightning produced soft crackling sounds like the combustion of tiny firecrackers.

Fang Yuan’s breathing accelerated and when he smelled a burnt smell in the air, his eyes shone with bright light!

“It is time… all-out effort Gu.”

Boar phantom immediately appeared above him.

Strength qi Gu.

Fang Yuan activated strength qi Gu; the boar phantom adhered to the formless strength qi, immediately become very menacing.

Under Fang Yuan’s will, the boar phantom flew towards the paste.

The instance the two collided, lightning burst out and shone upon the whole cave, dispersing all the darkness and revealing all the details in the room clearly.

After the light dispersed, the boar phantom in mid-air had experienced a huge change.

The new boar phantom was twice the original size, its tusks were like that of an elephant’s and its whole body was covered with white fur. Especially the fur at its back, they were thick and long, lined up in rows, stiffly pointing towards the sky, and lightning curled up on them.

Lightning boar phantom!

“Success, great. Thunder boar is equal to dragon-elephant, Biao and mastiff. With the thunder boar strength, my battle strength has increased again. Next it is the rock crocodile strength…”

A night of cultivation unknowingly passed.

When the light of dawn shone upon San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan walked out of the cave he stayed at.

Although he was exhausted, he was happy inside. He successfully upgraded boar strength and crocodile strength to thunder boar strength and rock crocodile strength; his battle strength was raised by at least thirty percent!

“Bai Ning Bing…” He looked towards the southeast direction; an area on the middle of the mountain was covered with a dark purple qi barrier.

The qi barrier was like a tall tower, sealing the space within and isolating it from the outside world.

The combination of iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu caused Bai Ning Bing to become a trapped beast of Tie clan.

Fang Yuan let out a cold snort.

The situation looked simple but it was a tricky matter.

The four old-timers of Tie clan who trapped Bai Ning Bing were all at rank four middle stage. Although Bai Ning Bing was a genius, she was only at rank four initial stage.

If the Tie clan was truly set on capturing Bai Ning Bing, they would have already captured her but they did not.

On one hand, it was to maintain their strength to fight for three kings inheritance.

On another hand, it was because they were held back by the purple thorn token on Bai Ning Bing.

Finally, it was to bait Fang Yuan!

In case Fang Yuan rashly charged in, Ti clan’s four old-timers could combine their strength to activate the rank five search and lock Gu to easily suppress him and Bai Ning Bing.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Tie clan’s four old-timers had used this killer move to capture demonic path’s Kong Ri Tian. But soon after, they were killed by a rank three Gu Master.

Rank five search and lock Gu had an extremely huge demand towards primeval essence. Tie clan’s four old-timers were really tragic figures, they cultivated the killer move for so many years and finally were in the limelight, but the scene did not last long because they lacked primeval essence and were killed by a rank three Gu Master.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 354: Ancient Bronze Skin Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Dark purple qi barrier was like a high tower firmly locking in thousand meters of area.

The qi barrier, however, did not isolate sight. Who knew how many eyes were secretly watching the scene from outside the barrier.

“Bai Ning Bing, just let yourself be captured obediently. It is impossible for you to escape!” Tie clan’s four old-timers occupied east, south, west and north positions separately, locking Bai Ning Bing in the center.

Bai Ning Bing was sitting cross-legged on a boulder, her two hands holding primeval stones as she replenished her primeval essence.

“Bai Ning Bing, don’t hold any delusions. You killed our Tie clansman, and still thinking you will be able to escape? Hmph.” The four old-timers’ gazes were grave and started fixedly at Bai Ning Bing, encircling her with no gaps.

Bai Ning Bing slowly opened her narrowed eyes, her eyes were calm and her tone was indifferent: “Tie clan’s four old-timers, what use is it in speaking so much? If you want to capture and kill me, them bring it on! Even if I, Bai Ning Bing, die at your hands, I will definitely take a few of you down.”

She paused for a while before continuing: “You have been continuously maintaining this qi barrier, it should have consumed a lot of your primeval essence, right? Hehe, I know you four are experts at team battle tactics while I am only at rank four initial stage. But you can bet on it that if you killed me, even if you guys don’t die, you will definitely be heavily injured. And in case my partner appears, what will become of you then?”

“You…” The four old-timers of Tie clan were exasperated.

Bai Ning Bing might have borrowed Fang Yuan’s name, but it struck their weak spot.

“Bai Ning Bing, stop being stubborn. Here, let me see what you can do.” One of the old-timers stood up.

“Hehehe.” Bai Ning Bing softly smiled and slowly stood up to take the challenge. Silver hair and snow white clothes, with a grace that stood out from the crowd, even if she was trapped, she was still calm, a confident bearing that showed she had no worries about this life and death situation.

The two began their fight; sand and pebbles started flying inside the qi barrier, snow light spread everywhere and the clash of steel resounded…

Far away on a short mountain peak stood a group of Shang clan Gu Masters.

“Another round of battle has begun again. This Bai Ning Bing is worthy of her fame in the battle stage. She is able to resist the four rank four middle stage Gu Masters attacking her in turns, she is not simple!” One of them sighed.

“Bai Ning Bing has outstanding battle sense, she is indeed strong. But another reason is because the four old-timers from Tie clan do not dare to use all their strength.” Someone analyzed.

“That’s right. The old-timers are worried and afraid of the counterattack from Bai Ning Bing when she is near death. They are good at team battle tactics, and their individual strength aren’t as fearsome as the Gu Masters at the same level. If they become short of a member, their whole strength will fall sharply and it will be difficult for them to contend for the three kings inheritance.”

“What I am worried about now is Bai Ning Bing has purple thorn token. If she takes it out, do we make a move?”

“Don’t do anything for now. I have already sent the message, and the clan has already sent a strong reinforcement. Elder Yi Huo is rushing here!”

Hearing this information, Shang clan’s Gu Masters rouse their spirits.

Yi Huo was not an ordinary Gu Master, he was one of the five great elders of Shang clan with a cultivation of rank four peak stage! He was one of the experts under Shang Yan Fei, now that he was dispatched, it was sure to change the situation of the entire San Cha mountain.

 …

“To think the things turned out this way. If Bai Ning Bing is killed by Tie clan, our deal with Shang clan will fall through.” In an underbrush, Meng Tu observed the battle inside the qi barrier with glowing eyes and said with a worried tone.

He was at the prime of his life and was at rank three peak stage, the same as his partner Jiao Huang.

These two were famous assassins in demonic path, some time back even the rank four middle stage righteous path Xiao Fu Lu died at their hands.

They accepted a mission from Shang clan; if they could kill Fang and Bai, they would be allowed to join Shang clan.

They had already made their move on Huo Tan mountain, but the lava crocodile group they attracted did not pose any problems to Fang and Bai.

The two did not give up and continued to follow Fang and Bai to San Cha mountain, waiting for an opportunity ever since.

“Sigh… what can we do? We are good at assassinations and not at frontal attacks. If we move in front of everyone, our success rate will be too low. If Bai Ning Bing dies, we also can’t do anything about it; we can only leave it up to fate!” The old man Jiao Huang said with a sigh.

“Yes, who knows how many are watching from the darkness. Who is to say we haven’t been discovered while coming here.” Meng Tu powerlessly added.

They were assassin Gu Masters and paid particular attention to concealment; it was okay if they did not make a move, but once they made, it must be a fatal strike. Before making their move, they made went through meticulous planning and made large numbers of preparation before bursting out all at once.

If the success rate was too low, they would not make a move and would rather give up the deal.

This was also the reason they were able to survive while roaming in demonic path for such a long time.

Every well-known Gu Master had their own unique ways for survival.

 …

“Hehehe… these four old-timers of Tie clan are in such an awkward state.” Li Xian stood in front of the qi barrier and looked at the battle inside; his eyes narrowed and were filled with joy towards others’ misfortune.

Although this place had already become a focus of many gazes at San Cha mountain, Li Xian did not care.

He was very confident that he would absolutely not be exposed by others.

This confidence came from his rank five Gu – Invisibility Gu!

Gu worms at rank five were rare. Many rank five Gu Masters would only have one or two rank five Gu on them for many years.

Invisibility Gu could only be detected by specific rank five investigative Gu. However, it had not been long since three kings inheritance opened and there has yet to be anyone who had broken through the middle rounds, so it was not likely to attract rank five Gu Masters to make a move.

Li Xian had his own fortuitous encounters to possess the scarce rank five Gu when he was rank four.

“This iron cabinet Gu recipe was created by Tie clan’s refinement path master Tie Yi Ban. His original intention was to refine a type of firm and secure storage Gu. After he refined this Gu for the first time, he gave it to Tie Xue Leng to test out. The Divine Investigator used it to capture people and it was very durable. When supplemented with qi flow Gu, its effect was amplified. From then on, iron cabinet Gu had become an efficient mean for Tie clan to capture demonic Gu Masters.”

“Hehe… but now, these Tie clan’s old-timers have to maintain both Tie cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu, unable to execute their team attacks. If the four attack together, this purple qi barrier will disappear. Without any obstruction, Bai Ning Bing can run free and they will lose a lot of reputation. Hahaha, interesting, interesting. These old-timers have no way out.”

Li Xian looked at the show, the corner of his lips could not help but curl up.

But when he thought of someone, the smile on his face slowly disappeared.

“Little beast king, he actually didn’t come to rescue! Did he realize the truth behind this tricky situation or is he truly so cold blooded and decided to abandoned Bai Ning Bing? No matter which it is, it all proves how scary this person is… I should hand that Gu over to him.”

 …

A Gu was handed over to Fang Yuan.

Its appearance was like that of a bedbug, flat and wide, its head was quite small and its body looked oval shaped. Its whole body was yellow-orange, and gave off a metallic luster like a bronze.

People called it ‘ancient bronze skin Gu’.

Bronze skin Gu was a series Gu from rank one to rank three. But if it were to advance to rank four, it would be ancient bronze skin Gu whose defensive power was much stronger than rank three bronze skin Gu.

“Li Xian, you are worthy of being a famous merchant of the demonic path. You could get me ancient bronze skin Gu this quick, it was really a correct decision to make the transaction with you. I don’t have tea here, please have some wine.”

Fang Yuan’s tone was polite and his face appeared gentle as he welcomed Li Xian and poured him a cup of wine.

“No, no, it was nothing. It is my honor to be able to do business with lord little beast king.” Li Xian appeared very modest, lowering his status.

The two discussed for a while. The atmosphere was very harmonious.

If someone who did not know about them saw this, they would think these two were good-natured and elegant. How would they think these two were two-faced, ruthless demonic path Gu Masters?

“Li Xian, you don’t need to be so polite, you can simply call me Fang Zheng. Let me first give you fifty thousand primeval stones, consider it a deposit for our future transactions.” Fang Yuan brought out primeval elder Gu and waved his hand, bringing out fifty thousand primeval stones.

Primeval elder Gu appeared like a crystal ball, there were a lot of primeval stones stored in it, the old man in the clouds in the ball appeared to look very kind.

Li Xian looked at the wide smile on the old man’s face, he could not help evaluating Fang Yuan much more highly.

“I will have to trouble you to help me with something.” Fang Yuan suddenly spoke.

Li Xian’s gaze flashed and immediately said: “Please speak.”

Fang Yuan brought Li Xian towards the depths of the cave and pointed to a stone vat: “I have a stone vat here but I lack a fire type Gu. I will have to ask you to help me melt these bronze pieces and put them in the stone vat.”

Li Xian let out a sigh of relief and smiled: “I just so happen to have a fire type Gu. It will only require a slight effort.”

The temperature inside the cave rapidly soared.

After a while, Li Xian melted the bronze pieces into metallic liquid, the stone vat was filled almost to the brink.

Fang Yuan took out coal stones and piled them under stone vat to maintain the temperature.

Then, under Li Xian’s astonished gaze, he softly jumped right into the vat.

The boiling bronze liquid sizzled and immediately burned Fang Yuan’s clothes. His whole body was soaked in the bronze liquid and only his head was revealed outside.

“Little… Lord little beast king, what are you doing?!” Right now, Li Xian could smell the odor of burning flesh.

Fang Yuan activated the ancient bronze skin Gu in his aperture while smiling with gritted teeth: “Li Xian, don’t you know? There is a method to use this ancient bronze skin Gu and accelerate the speed by thirty percent, that is to use it with bronze liquid.”

When ancient bronze skin Gu was activated, it could remodel the skin and flesh of the Gu Master into ancient bronze skin. If it was used with the body soaking in bronze liquid, it could shorten the time required. Li Xian had also heard of it, but he had never thought of this.

When Fang Yuan was preparing these things, he had thought these were supplementary materials for refining Gu.

Because this method was extremely painful and cruel.

Gu Master must come in touch with scalding, boiling bronze liquid without using any defensive means. Only a perverted masochist would choose this method.

Is little beast king a masochist?

Li Xian kept on thinking of this question as he returned to his cave with a dazed expression.

At this time, there was another person who was also thinking of Fang Yuan.

“Fang Yuan, why have you not appeared yet?” Bai Ning Bing sat cross-legged on the ground, her eyes half-narrowed as she faintly felt the situation was far from reassuring.

“We have used poison vow Gu, he absolutely cannot leave me in the lurch. But he still hasn’t appeared now, could he still be inside the inheritance or maybe met with some trouble?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 355: Yi Huo’s invitation 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A Gu worm floated above Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan’s primeval sea slowly fell as he activated this Gu.

This Gu was like a black bone, its two ends were round and smooth, with a thin body. It was emitting black rays of light while floating in the air.

The black light shone upon Fang Yuan’s body, passed through his skin and flesh, and brought changes in his skeleton.

Fang Yuan had already used iron bone Gu, his skeleton was pitch black and was firm like iron. But under the effect of this Gu, his skeleton slowly became more firm.

This was essence iron bone Gu, a rank four Gu; one could get iron bone Gu by reverse-refining it.

Three days after handing over the ancient bronze skin Gu, Li Xian personally came to deliver this Gu to Fang Yuan.

Essence iron bone Gu could make Fang Yuan’s skeleton even more firm and the effect was many times stronger than iron bone Gu. But at the same time, the process needed much more time.

Fang Yuan had been using essence iron bone continually these days along with ancient bronze skin Gu to temper his body.

In this period, he was also using nine eyes liquor worm to purify his primeval essence, refining his initial stage light gold primeval essence into bright gold primeval essence. Then he used bright gold primeval essence to cleanse his aperture and strengthen its foundation.

He made use of every minute and second, cultivating bitterly, and he could feel his strength increasing little by little every day.

“It has already been over a month since I left King Quan Inheritance. I am almost finished with using ancient bronze skin Gu, but there is still quite a distance before I completely master essence iron bone Gu. Unless I use universe path Gu to accelerate the flow of time.” Fang Yuan pondered.

The so called universe path was related to time.

The Gu Masters of this path used time related Gu worms.

Third watch Gu and Spring Autumn Cicada belonged to this category.

In fact, there were far more universe path Gu than just these two. It had a full range of Gu from rank one to rank five.

Normal Gu Masters, if they did not have the patience to do this type of grinding work and wanted to speed their progress, they could ask universe path Gu Masters to help or use a universe path Gu themself to accelerate their time.

“But my situation is different from ordinary Gu Masters. I have Spring Autumn Cicada, if I accelerate my time, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed will also increase and will be my death warrant!”

The time flow in Gu Immortal blessed land in San Cha mountain was three times faster than the outside world. The time Fang Yuan spent in King Quan Inheritance had already caused Spring Autumn Cicada to make some recovery, thus Fang Yuan could only patiently choose the method of bitter cultivation.

Just as he was cultivating, there came an unfamiliar voice from outside the cave.

“Little beast king, could you come out to have a chat?”

Fang Yuan walked out of the cave and saw the person clearly, he looked slightly doubtful: “So it was Elder Yi Huo.”

Yi Huo was very handsome; sharp eyes, high bridged nose, and long red hair like it was on fire.

He was a fire path Gu Master who was very famous in Southern Border. People called him ‘blazing inferno’, his cultivation was rank four peak stage!

‘Yi Huo is one of the five great elders of Shang clan, an expert under Shang Yan Fei and was ranked above light swordsman Wei Yang. The only one that could command him was Shang Yan Fei, his arrival was surely going to change the power balance of San Cha mountain.’ Fang Yuan quickly thought about it and welcomed Yi Huo inside his cave.

“Little beast king, my purpose in coming here is simple, it is to invite you to join our Shang clan.” Yi Huo entered the cave, but he did not sit and directly expressed his purpose in coming.

“Join your Shang clan?” Fang Yuan raised his brows, he could fully sense the swift and decisive nature of ‘blazing inferno’.

“Right.” Yi Huo nodded, his eyes looking straight at Fang Yuan as he smiled, “You and Bai Ning Bing have stayed for some time at Shang clan, you guys surely have deep understanding of our Shang clan’s strength, so I won’t say much on it. The main thing is your partner Bai Ning Bing has been trapped by the four old-timers of Tie clan for around two months now. As long as you two join Shang clan, I will immediately set out and rescue Bai Ning Bing.”

His tone was filled with confidence as if rescuing Bai Ning Bing was an easy matter.

When he spoke, he was slightly smiling; his handsome face was like a perfect statue and when he revealed his teeth, it was dazzling like the sun. Many people would feel ashamed when interacting with him.

Yi Huo and Wei Yang had a similar background, they both ruled Shang clan battle stage and were absolute geniuses.

Among the five great elders of Shang clan, Yi Huo was the most popular and was also publicly recognized as the elder with the highest chance of advancing to rank five!

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a contemplative light.

He was not surprised at Shang clan sending Yi Huo here. Shang clan had been in control of San Cha mountain for a period of time before, but was later suppressed by Wu clan. And with the appearance of demonic path experts, Shang clan groups found it even more difficult to hold their heads up.

Under this situation, Shang clan as a top clan, would naturally send an expert to change the situation.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life memories, Yi Huo was dispatched here by Shang clan. He suppressed Wu Shen Tong and Yi Chong, and defeated Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian, being the ruler of San Cha mountain for a time.

But later, his dominance drove Long Qing Tian anxious. Long Qing Tian used blue halo Gu and poisoned him. He had no choice but to return to Shang clan city to be treated by Doctor Su Shou.

However, this time, Yi Huo came to San Cha mountain to recruit him. This was beyond Fang Yuan’s expectation.

“Lord Yi Huo, I wonder if this invitation came from Shang clan or it is your own thought?” Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed, and asked.

“Hahaha, of course it is my own thought. Fang Zheng, you created a lot of commotion at Shang clan battle stage, and almost became the ruler of battle stage. I have been watching you, you are a genius! If you join Shang clan, it will be greatly beneficial to you.” Yi Huo laughed loudly and replied.

Fang Yuan smiled as the trace of doubt he had melted away.

“Sir Yi Huo, from what I know, Shang clan’s external elders don’t have the authority to recommend talents, right?”

External elder, this title made Yi Huo slightly furrow his brows: “You are right. But if you can become the ruler of the battle stage, you can become an external elder of Shang clan. With your talent, I believe the title of the ruler of battle stage is just a matter of time for you.”

Fang Yuan could not help but scoff, and did not reply.

Yi Huo’s brows furrowed deeper, this scoff sounded ear-piercing to him.

He patiently said: “Fang Zheng, I will tell you the truth. Before I came here, lord clan leader made a promise to me. As long as I accomplish great accomplishments at San Cha mountain and take control of the situation, I will be bestowed a surname when I return to Shang clan city. At that time, I will no longer be Yi Huo, but Shang Huo. I will become a true elder of Shang clan and I will have the authority to recommend talents.”

“Eh? So it was like that…” Fang Yuan clearly revealed a surprised expression, his gaze flickered and he sank into contemplation.

Yi Huo waited for a long time but after getting no response from Fang Yuan, his brows furrowed even deeper and he took the initiative to ask: “Have you thought it through?”

Fang Yuan shook his head: “This matter is too significant, I need to consider it properly.”

Yi Huo’s brows relaxed a little: “Since that is so, then I will give you three days. I will come here again after three days, I hope to get a satisfactory reply then.”

“Alright.” Fang Yuan nodded in agreement and accompanied Yi Huo out of the cave.

Three days later.

“You still haven’t thought it through?” Yi Huo looked at Fang Yuan with some doubts.

“This is a serious matter, I really need to properly consider it.” Fang Yuan answered with a heavy voice.

“Alright, I will give you three more days. Fang Zheng, I think highly of you.”

Another three days later.

“Lord Yi Huo, I have thought over this matter over and again. I appreciate your good intent but I still prefer the freedom of the demonic path.” Fang Yuan sincerely replied.

“What? You thought for three days and this is your answer?” Yi Huo’s tone showed his fury.

“Lord Yi Huo, you can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was profound and there was severity within his soft words.

Yi Huo gritted his teeth and said with a deep voice: “Fang Zheng, you need to think it clearly. The four old-timers of Tie clan are not easy opponents. If I don’t help out, everything bodes ill for Bai Ning Bing. Besides this, Sky Tiger Xue San Si whom you killed is Century Boy’s goddaughter. Century Boy has been watching you all this while, he is a wood path Gu Master at rank four upper stage and is a thorny character of demonic path.”

“Eh? So it was like that.” Fang Yuan showed hesitation, “Then… let me consider it again. Give me ten days of time to think it through.”

“Ten days?” Yi Huo immediately wrinkled his brows.

“Fine.” He thought for a while and nodded, “This is enough time for you to think everything through clearly. I believe you will make the most sensible choice. But I have to remind you that time cannot be dragged on further, your woman is in crisis. Anything can happen during this time.”

Yi Huo considered Bai Ning Bing as Fang Yuan’s woman which Fang Yuan felt was quite laughable.

Whether Bai Ning Bing died or not, it was not an especially important matter to him.

Anyway, the poison vow Gu was already destroyed and he had also matured, reaching rank four initial stage.

Saving Bai Ning Bing or not, it depended on his will.

But if there was no Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan would become a lone force and it would definitely create a negative influence on his plans at San Cha mountain.

“There is no need to go save Bai Ning Bing urgently, I should still focus on cultivating and advance forward. I have already no need for the bone flesh unity Gu. As for Bai Ning Bing, she can be outside for a while and attract the attention for me. I should take this chance to surpass her, it will be convenient for me to suppress her in future. And with so many eyes watching the situation, those four old foxes of Tie clan absolutely won’t move in for the kill.”

Fang Yuan saw the whole situation clearly.

“As for Yi Huo’s invitation… hehe.”

Ten days later.

“Lord Yi Huo, thank you for your good intention. These days, I have pondered restlessly and from every angle, but I still feel that being free is the best.” Fang Yuan wore an earnest expression as he said this.

Yi Huo’s expression naturally became unsightly: “Fang Zheng, you have been doing this over and over again, are you playing with me?”

“Lord Yi Huo, your words are not right. I have always been sincere with you. I understand your mood. But right now, the most important thing is three kings inheritance. There is already not much time left before the next opening of the inheritance.”

With the mention of the opening of three kings inheritance, Yi Huo could only suppress the anger in his heart. He took a deep look at Fang Yuan and left the cave.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 356: The hairy men 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Five days later.

The three light pillars appeared on San Cha mountain, piercing through the clouds towards the sky.

The red light pillar was burning like fire; it was King Bao’s inheritance. Yellow light pillar was bright and dazzling; it was King Quan’s inheritance. Blue light pillar had a demonic charm; it was King Xin’s inheritance.

After a gap of several months, three kings inheritance opened again.

Yi Huo gazed at these three light pillars at the peak, his fierce eyes under his dashing brows flickered with faint radiance.

“Is this three kings inheritance? Sure enough, it gives off a magnificent feeling!” As long as I accomplish great achievements here, I can truly join Shang clan and change my surname to Shang, becoming a member of Shang clan.”

Right now, excitement was surging like waves in his heart.

“Hmph, little beast king doesn’t know what’s good for him, actually refusing me again and again. But, he apparently knows some secrets related to three kings inheritance. If I can take him in as my subordinate, it will be a great help to me in controlling San Cha mountain.”

Yi Huo could not help but think of Fang Yuan.

Yi Huo was one of the five great elders of Shang clan and possessed his own information channel. He already knew Fang Yuan had made a huge sum of money at Shang clan city by relying on his knowledge of some secrets of three kings inheritance.

Besides this, Fang Yuan, himself, possessed outstanding battle prowess, having the fighting strength of a rank four middle stage.

Moreover, Bai Ning Bing never left the little beast king’s side. Recruiting one naturally meant gaining the other.

Thus, Yi Huo had accommodated to Fang Yuan and displayed complete sincerity to move him.

But Fang Yuan did not know what was good for him and refused him time and again.

Yi Huo could not help starting to feel angry: “When I come out of three kings inheritance, I will teach this little beast king a lesson and let him know that not everyone can fetch a good price! But, for now… I need to suppress some hindrances.”

Yi Huo collected his disorganized thoughts and looked towards the few figures at a distance.

‘Pink butterfly gentleman’ Kong Ri Tian!

‘He who once dyed the sky blue’ Long Qing Tian!

Wu clan elder Wu Shen Tong!

Yi clan elder Yi Chong!

These four were all rank four peak stage experts. Every time the inheritance opened, they would be the first to move towards the entrance.

This time was no exception!

“Hahaha, I have reserved King Bao Inheritance. Who dares to contend with me?” Yi Huo threw his head back and laughed loudly, his laughter wild and unrestrained. He crossed his arms and looked at the four with a fierce gaze.

He was fire path Gu Master, King Bao was also of the same path. King Bao’s inheritance was naturally the best choice for him.

“Blazing Inferno…” Wu Shen Tong narrowed his eyes and mumbled with some fear towards Yi Huo’s reputation.

Yi Huo was one of the five great generals of Shang clan with the nickname of Blazing Inferno, he was at the peak of power! Even Wu Shen Tong had no choice but to admit that Yi Huo was a notch above him.

“Hmph, I will deal with you!” Kong Ri Tian snorted, his whole body suddenly exploded and turned into phoenix winged golden butterflies.

Hundreds and thousands of golden butterflies, with wings as sharp as knives, enveloped Yi Huo.

“Blazing inferno, you have been in the limelight the last few years.” Long Qing Tian also laughed gloomily and pushed his palm.

Whoosh!

A greenish-blue palm of light, with poison gas curling around it, broke the void and directly smacked towards Yi Huo’s face.

“Let me spar too.” Yi Chong sneered and suddenly moved.

Swish!

Blue water waves surged up out of nowhere, engulfing Yi Huo within.

All of a sudden, three rank four peak stage Gu Masters attacked Yi Huo at the same time.

“Good.” Yi Huo’s lips curled up into an arrogant smile, he stretched his arms then smacked his chest with his palms.

Bam!

Majestic flames suddenly burst forth.

In an instant, the fiery color overwhelmed the light pillars of three kings inheritance and illuminated San Cha mountain.

Flames surged up with incomparable heat and ferocity.

The flames effortlessly covered the water wave, burned the poison palm and sent the phoenix winged golden butterflies retreating in a sorry figure. The golden butterflies flew far away and converged, changing back into Kong Ri Tian.

“This is his rank five Gu prairie fire?” Seeing such a huge fire, Yi Chong and Long Qing Tian’s expressions changed.

Kong Ri Tian did not say a word, while Wu Shen Tong’s eyes flashed.

“This is the might of Elder Yi Huo!” Shang clan Gu Masters shouted out loudly in excitement.

Yi Huo stood proudly within the flames, giving a feeling of a deity. His fiery red hair seemed to merge with the flames, giving off a wild and intense bearing.

The flames swiftly dispersed and he walked towards the red light pillar, King Bao Inheritance.

The four Gu Masters watched him move towards the light pillar, all of their expressions were more or less stiff and unsightly, but they did not block him. This was them acknowledging Yi Huo’s might.

After Yi Huo entered King Bao Inheritance, Kong Ri Tian and other three glanced at each other, but they had no more interest to fight.

Among them, Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian entered King Xin Inheritance; Wu Shen Tong and Yi Chong entered King Quan Inheritance.

“Yi Huo is worthy of being one of the five great experts of Shang clan, he has rank five Gu prairie fire, formidable indeed!”

“These days, Yi Huo has been repeatedly going to little beast king’s place, their relation is not shallow.”

“Hmph! Black and white twin demons are known as demonic path Gu Masters, but they are actually lackeys of righteous path. They spent some time at Shang clan and everyone knows they have a deep relation with Shang clan’s young master Shang Xin Ci.”

A group of rank four upper stage Gu Masters started discussing after they saw Yi Huo suppressing other four Gu Masters and enter the light pillar with his head high.

Birds of a feather flock together.

Rank four peak stage experts had all entered the inheritance, now it was these people’s turn.

“Century Boy, your goddaughter Xue San Si was killed by little beast king. When are you going to take revenge?” A righteous Gu Master among the group suddenly asked while taking gloating at his misfortune.

Century Boy coldly snorted: “Although Yi Huo has rank five Gu, the battle just before was only a probe, no one used their true methods. If they were to truly fight it out, who lives and who dies is still not certain.”

Although he said so, he was actually very afraid.

He had thought of taking the chance that Bai Ning Bing was imprisoned, to find trouble for Fang Yuan. But Yi Huo repeatedly visited Fang Yuan’s residence, so he could only restrain his impulse and quietly observe.

Now, when he saw Yi Huo easily suppressing other four, Century Boy’s heart became much more heavy.

“Such a great opportunity like three kings inheritance is in front of us, who will foolishly battle each other to death? Let’s go, we need to enter too.” Soon, this group of rank four upper stage Gu Masters also entered the inheritance.

Fang Yuan climbed up to the peak and was immediately recognized.

“Little beast king!”

“It is Fang Zheng.”

“He is entering King Xin Inheritance.”

From the peak to the middle of mountain, many Gu Masters stared as they looked at Fang Yuan entering into the light pillar.

“He really forgot about his partner?”

“Bnb is still trapped by the four old fellows of Tie clan. This Fang Zheng is actually paying it no heed as if nothing has happened, like he hasn’t heard of it.” Even demonic Gu Masters felt a chill in their hearts.

“Look, this is the heartlessness of demonic path Gu Masters!” Some righteous path Gu Masters commented disdainfully.

“Fang Yuan… you bastard!” Bai Ning Bing also witnessed this scene from inside the qi barrier.

Her face became pale with anger, she clenched her fists tightly and fiercely gritted her teeth.

The four old-timers of Tie clan looked at each other.

They were in an embarrassing situation right now.

Although they succeeded in trapping Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan did not come to rescue her. This made their defensive tactics a cold irony.

“Damn it! We can’t deal with so many matters, this time, there will be no share for us at three kings inheritance!”

“How about we retreat?”

“Impossible! We four move together, if we retreat without gaining anything, this will be an insult to our Tie clan and I am afraid we will not be able to raise our heads in front of others.”

“Then what should we do?”

Three pairs of eyes looked at the fourth old man, their leader.

The old man pondered for a while and made a decision.

He spoke with a heavy voice: “Request for reinforcements! Shang clan has sent reinforcement, there will naturally be support from our Tie clan too. In the present situation, the competition has turned more intense. Only rank four peak stage powers can fight for a seat. As long as the clan sends a rank four peak stage reinforcement, then with our rank four middle stage strength….”

“Big brother is right.”

“Shang clan has sent Yi Huo, if we ask for reinforcement now, we won’t lose face.”

“Right, we need to ask support from the clan!

…..

There was endless grey fog completely filling Fang Yuan’s vision and reminding him that he had already entered King Xin Inheritance.

Fang Yuan surveyed his surroundings, he could not tell east from west. However, in his aperture, Spring Autumn Cicada shook its wings slightly. The flow of time here was still three times faster than the outside world.

“I need to hurry.” Fang Yuan felt a sense of urgency.

The constantly recovering Spring Autumn Cicada was becoming more and more like a ticking time bomb.

He grabbed a paper crane Gu and activated it.

A ‘key’ was required to enter King Xin Inheritance and it was a paper crane Gu. At this very moment, Fang Yuan could only use paper crane Gu, his other Gu besides Spring Autumn Cicada, were all suppressed by the heavenly power.

Paper crane Gu floated in the air in front of him; it flapped its wings and led the way ahead.

Fang Yuan followed the paper crane and slowly moved forward.

He reached a hill and could see a blurry human figure in the fog.

“Human… come out… compete… let’s compete.” The human figure opened its mouth, the sound was boorish and sporadic.

When Fang Yuan walked closer, the human figure gradually became clearer.

His figure was similar to ordinary humans, two hands and two legs. It was just that he was very buff, and reddish brown hair grew from all over his body; chest, limbs, even on his face and buttocks.

He looked at Fang Yuan with his bronze bell-like large eyes.

“Compete… let’s compete. Lose… die!” He roared, his eyes were filled with blood veins and looked very malevolent.

Fang Yuan had already expected this and was not surprised, his expression calm.

This was a mutated human.

Beasts had mutated beasts, just like Biao among the tigers, lycan among wolves and mastiff among dogs. Humans also had mutated humans, the mutated human Fang Yuan ran into now was a hairy man.

Hairy man’s whole body were covered with hair, even their eyelids. This type of mutated human has extremely low intelligence but had natural talent in Gu refinement.

There was a group of hairy man in King Xin Inheritance, they were the obstacles Gu Masters had to clear to go forward. Only by winning against them could the Gu Masters continue on. If they lost, the Gu Masters would be torn to shreds by the powerful hairy men and become their food.

“Come.” Fang Yuan stood at a distance of ten steps from the hairy man with a tranquil expression.

Several Gu along with some materials appeared out of nowhere in the air and floated lightly to Fang Yuan’s hands.

At the same time, the hairy man also received the same things.

The Gu refinement had begun.

Winner lives, loser dies!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 357: Legend of the Hairy Men 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The earliest record of hairy men was in >.

It was said that Ren Zu dug out his two eyes which turned into a son and a daughter; the son was Verdant Great Sun and the daughter was Desolate Ancient Moon.

Verdant Great Sun liked to drink wine a lot, one time he caused an incident while being drunk and was trapped at the depths of the ordinary abyss. In the end, he profited from the disaster and obtained reputation Gu which looked like chrysanthemum, and was able to escape alive.

Because of reputation Gu, Verdant Great Sun’s reputation gradually became bigger. Soon, news that Verdant Great Sun was a huge drunkard spread all over the world.

One day, a group of tiger-striped honey bees brought their beehive and found Verdant Great Sun.

“Verdant Great Sun, we heard you really liked drinking wine and you have been saying the wine made by the four heaven and earth monkeys are the most delicious in the world. But how could the wine they brewed compare to our honey wine? Today, we have specially brought our honey for you to have a taste.”

Each of these honey bees was the size of a leopard with patterns on their body resembling tiger stripes; golden with black stripes on top. They were speaking politely but their tone contained a threatening and forceful intent.

Verdant Great Sun complained in his heart, this was truly misfortune befalling on someone who merely stayed home . Tiger-striped honey bees were very powerful, he was not a match against one of them, let alone a whole group.

Verdant Great Sun could only reluctantly taste the honey wine inside the beehive.

He had only taken a sip when his eyes brightened.

Honey wine was sweet but not overly sweet, the wine fragrance was mellow and very delicious, absolutely a treasure of the world!

“Delicious, delicious, really delicious. This honey wine makes one feel like the most fortunate person in the world!” Verdant Great Sun drank a mouthful of wine, praising it to the high heavens.

Tiger-striped honey bees laughed, feeling very happy.

The leader asked Verdant Great Sun: “The tell us which tastes more delicious, our honey wine or the wines of the four heaven and earth monkeys?”

Verdant Great Sun was already drunk and forgot about the terror of the tiger-striped honey bees, speaking frankly: “They all have their own merits, it is very difficult to compare them.”

Tiger-striped honey bees were furious: He said our wine is actually at the same level as those mere monkeys? This Verdant Great Sun is too hateful, we need to teach him a lesson!

They were just about to attack when suddenly Verdant Great Sun disappeared.

This intoxication of Verdant Great Sun lasted for seven days and seven nights.

In his haziness, he heard a voice call calling out for him from the darkness: “Verdant Great Sun, wake up quick. If you don’t wake up, you will be eaten…”

Verdant Great Sun was startled awake.

He discovered he was bound up and was being carried by a group of savage people.

This group of savage people had hair all over their body and their two eyes were dark blue. There was already a bonfire burning and above the bonfire was a cauldron.

The savage people quietly sat down, speaking pleasant sounding words.

“We are refining eternal Gu and were just lacking a human to be the catalyst. Now heaven has sent us Verdant Great Sun, it is truly worthy of celebration!”

“Human is the spirit of all living beings, Ren Zu is the spirit ancestor. Verdant Great Sun was born from his left eye and has ample spiritual energy. The way I see it, the refinement will succeed this time!”

“Throw him into the cauldron quick, we will obtain eternal Gu and live for eternity…”

Verdant Great Sun turned pale from fright at these words; immediately shouting out and struggling with all his strength.

However, these savage people remained unmoved.

At this very moment, Verdant Great Sun again heard the voice from before in his mind.

“Sigh, it is no use. These savages are the hairy men, loved by the world. They have an innate talent in refining Gu worms.”

Verdant Great Sun instantly forgot his predicament and curiously asked in his mind: “Who are you?”

That voice laughed: “I am divine travel Gu, as long as any person drinks four different top-tier wines in the world, they will give birth to me in their hearts. I can let you teleport to any place you wish.”

Verdant Great Sun was exulted: “Then, please quickly bring me out of here.”

Divine travel Gu sighed: “It is no use. You can only use me when you are drunk. Your mind is sober now and so you can’t use me.”

Verdant Great Sun suddenly realized: “So that is why I was trapped in the isolated island and almost starved to death that time. Fortunately, I obtained reputation Gu and could leave the ordinary abyss. So it was you who harmed me!”

Divine travel Gu replied: “Sigh, human, I did not have any intent to harm you, it was all because you used my strength after you became drunk. You don’t need to blame me, last time you were almost captured by the tiger-striped honey bees, but you were able to escape thanks to me. One harm and one rescue, we can call it even.”

Verdant Great Sun also thought of the tiger-striped honey bees and no longer blamed divine travel Gu.

He was thrown into the cauldron by the hairy men.

The huge fire was burning hotter under the cauldron and the liquid temperature inside also soared.

“Add agates and red pepper!” A hairy man threw precious agates and red pepper into the cauldron.

The liquid inside the cauldron immediately changed to red and dyed Verdant Great Sun’s body red.

“Add blue smoke fox child !” A hairy man grabbed a small fox and threw it into the cauldron.

The small fox’s whole body was hairy and looked extremely cute with its eyes like black diamonds. But the moment it touched the liquid, it turned into blue smoke and blended into the water.

The liquid in the cauldron slowly boiled and Verdant Great Sun also felt more despair, feeling it would be difficult to escape the disaster this time.

Hairy men continued to add in many supplementary materials and Gu worms.

“Add vanity Gu!” A hairy man threw a Gu into the cauldron.

This Gu was strange and looked like a huge blue crab. But different from real crabs, its crab shell was hollow.

The moment it saw Verdant Great Sun, the huge crab like vanity Gu was very excited: “You, you are Verdant Great Sun? I have heard about you, but had never expected I would meet you here, it is really my good fortune. I am too happy, too excited.”

Verdant Great Sun gave a bitter smile: “How can it be good fortune when we are about to die.”

“I don’t care about death. I only wanted to ask, how did you become so famous? I really admire you! I have the utmost admiration for people like you.” Vanity Gu asked with urgency.

“I am not in the mood to talk about this now, I need to escape.” Verdant Great Sun struggled in the cauldron and tried to climb up, but was quickly pressed down into the cauldron by a watching hairy man.

“Quick, tell me, tell me quick!” Vanity Gu was not tactful and wholeheartedly wanted to ask for guidance.

Verdant Great Sun furiously rebuked: “Can’t you see the situation we are in now?”

Vanity Gu opened its eyes wide and started at Verdant Great Sun before it beamed with pleasure: “I understand, I understand now. If I want to be popular, I need to endure the heat. Thank you for the guidance, thank you. Verdant Great Sun, as thanks, I will do a favor for you.”

Saying so, the vanity Gu exploded.

This explosion was not intense and was very light, only giving off a soft ‘bang’ sound. The vanity Gu turned into a formless poisonous wind and attacked the hearts of all the hairy men.

The crystal clear dark blue eyes of the hairy men turned red.

Verdant Great Sun was dazed for a good while, before coming back to his senses. He could not help sighing at vanity Gu’s sacrifice, and immediately shouted: “Although you hairy men can refine Gu, but it is nothing. Even if you all live for eternity, so what? You are so ugly with hair all over your body, you are simply an abomination.”

The hairy men were stupefied.

If it was before, they would not care about Verdant Great Sun.

But now, the poison of vanity had spread in the depths of their hearts, shrouding their intelligence.

Hearing Verdant Great Sun’s shouts, the hairy men started refuting loudly: “Nonsense, nonsense! We hairy men are the most perfect, there can be nothing more beautiful than hair all over the body!”

Verdant Great Sun was suddenly hit by an inspiration: “No matter how beautiful your hair is, could it be as beautiful as my hair?”

Because he had drank vajra monkey’s strong wine, his hair had become blazing fire.

The hairy men were baffled at his words.

The beautiful fire was flickering and changing all the time. Even they could not help but admit the movement of Verdant Great Sun’s hair was beautiful.

Verdant Great Sun continued to stimulate them: “Even if you obtain eternity, you won’t be as beautiful as me! Look at my hair, it is as colorful and charismatic as fire.”

The hairy men were spurred on by Verdant Great Sun, and finally someone could not endure it: “You have such amazing hair, I will have it too. Look at mine!”

He then used a fire torch to ignite his whole body.

The hair on his body burned and he became a fiery man.

“Hahaha, you only have beautiful hair, but my whole body is beautiful now.” This hairy man shouted.

Soon, the other hairy men also rushed to do the same.

All of them became fiery men, the fire burned them and the intense pain caused them to howl in pain.

But when they realized this, it was too late for them to extinguish the fire, and bombastically displayed their beauty.

Divine travel Gu was overjoyed and praised Verdant Great Sun endlessly: “Human, you are really clever, actually thinking of this method.”

Verdant Great Sun escaped out of the cauldron and succeeded in surviving. He replied in his mind with a cold smile: “It is not me who is clever. It is the vanity in people that have turned them stupid. They often silently endure pain for false beauty, giving up the goals they should truly pursue.”

……

Grand white moon gold, skull stones, dragon-side tooth, young autumn grass along with fifty primeval stones, a flower boar Gu and a boar cage Gu.

This was handed to Fang Yuan as the materials for Gu refinement.

In front of him, the hairy man was already sitting cross-legged on the ground and refining Gu.

Although Fang Yuan was not a refinement path Gu Master, he had ventured into the refinement path in his previous life and knew many recipes.

Right now, he had three choices, every choice would refine a new Gu.

The inheritance did not mention which Gu he had to refine, this meant the Gu he refined needed to be better than the hairy man.

Fang Yuan looked at the process of the hairy man refining Gu and could already guess what he was going to refine.

He sneered inwardly, but on his face appeared a respectful and flattering smile: “Lord hairy man, you are really amazing. The method of your Gu refinement really makes this one sigh in amazement. You are a Gu refinement grandmaster, there is no Gu in this world which you can’t refine.”

“Ah? Haha! You… tactful.” The hairy man laughed loudly, clearly happy.

This distraction immediately caused the Gu refinement to fail.

The hairy man’s expression suddenly changed and shouted in fear: “No!”

But it was already late.

Heavenly power descended as lightning and struck the hairy man into ashes.

“Hehe.” Fang Yuan indifferently laughed and collected the materials in his hand. Under the paper crane Gu’s lead, he slowly walked towards the next round.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 358: New Trump Card 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Light dispersed and a Gu slowly landed onto Fang Yuan’s palm.

This was water cage Gu which was used especially to capture wild Gu worms and was very effective.

The hairy man in front was in the process of refining Gu. When he saw Fang Yuan was already done, he immediately let out a desperate howl.

Thunder crackled in the sky and the hairy man was killed.

Similar to King Quan Inheritance, King Xin Inheritance was also extremely cruel. Gu Masters had to tread through blood and death to move a step forward.

Fang Yuan sighed and stored the water cage Gu before continuing forward.

If he remembered correctly, this was already the thirty-second round in King Xin Inheritance.

King Xin Inheritance was an inheritance related to refinement path. The difficulty increased every ten rounds and the hairy men that appeared also became smarter and stronger.

In the early twenty or so rounds, Fang Yuan was able to rely on his speech to flatter the hairy men and disrupt their concentration, causing their Gu refinement to fail and give him effortless victories.

But starting from thirtieth round, the hairy men that appeared were huge and had remarkable intelligence; Fang Yuan could only compete fairly.

But fortunately, the Gu refinement materials of the first twenty rounds were accumulated by Fang Yuan and gave him ample options in refining Gu.

These Gu refinement materials could be saved by the Gu Masters and used for future rounds.

This was also a trick King Xin had left behind when she set up his inheritance. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this trick was made public only after a year. Right now, it was a secret, even if some people realized this trick, the number was only a small fraction of the participants.

Fang Yuan was able to rush forward like this because of his plentiful accumulation and his previous life’s experiences. His achievement here were even better than at King Quan Inheritance.

From fortieth round, the difficulty of King Xin Inheritance increased by several folds.

At this stage, Gu Masters could use one of their Gu. But in King Xin Inheritance, the Gu they use must be of refinement path.

Fang Yuan did not have any refinement path Gu, the materials on him were also almost used up.

He began to feel the difficulty of advancing forward.

It was become very difficult to cross each round.

What was good was that after fortieth round, King Xin Inheritance gave the Gu Masters a corresponding reward.

These rewards could be refinement path Gu worms, recipes, primeval stones and so on, and were very generous.

When Fang Yuan broke through to forty-fourth round, he was given an opportunity to leave. He took this opportunity and left King Xin Inheritance.

The time he spent this time in King Xin Inheritance was even longer than in King Quan Inheritance.

Returning to San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan found Tie clan’s purple light barrier was still standing tall. Tie clan’s four old-timers were very patient and did not enter three kings inheritance; Bai Ning Bing was still trapped.

The three light pillars on the mountain peaks had already shrunk down to a cup sized thickness.

But as long as the light pillars existed, even if it was only the thickness of a tiny needle, it meant the doors had not closed and people could still enter.

But every time the inheritance opened up, no matter which inheritance of three kings inheritance Gu Masters chose, they could only enter one time.

Fang Yuan looked for Li Xian and made another transaction again.

Li Xian received many things from Fang Yuan and was inwardly startled.

“I have a bad news for you. Tie clan’s four old-timers have already requested for support from their clan, Tie clan has already sent a group of reinforcements over and it might be unfavorable for sir.”

Fang Yuan was not surprised, this action of Tie clan’s four old-timers was also within his expectations: “Eh? Who did they send as reinforcements?”

“The head is Tie clan’s Tie Ba Xiu, he is a strength path Gu Master with rank four upper stage cultivation. Besides him, there is also Tie Ruo Nan. She is one of the eight young masters of Tie clan and is a rising star who has been in limelight these two years! Every one of Tie clan’s eight young masters are dragons and phoenixes. Especially this Tie Ruo Nan, she is the daughter of Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng and already has rank four initial stage cultivation at such a young age.”

Li Xian placed emphasis on Tie Ruo Nan in this batch of reinforcements, and only gave small snippets of information regarding Tie Ba Xiu and others.

Tie Ba Xiu was already a famous character and everyone knew of him. But Tie Ruo Nan was a rising star and could only be said to have some reputation and had yet to be famous around Southern Border.

Li Xian, however, did not know Fang Yuan was familiar with Tie Ruo Nan.

‘Sure enough, she advanced to rank four. Tie Ba Xiu, Tie clan indeed sent this group just like in my previous life…’ Fang Yuan pondered in his mind.

Li Xian had been observing Fang Yuan’s expression the whole time, but seeing him remain calm, he was increasingly feeling more afraid.

“Lord little beast king, when this batch of Tie clansmen arrives, Tie clan’s four old-timers will be free to deal with Bai Ning Bing. There is still time if you make a move now.” Li Xian persuaded, with sincerity showing all over his face.

“I will have to ask you to pay more attention to our future deals.” Fang Yuan smiled and left the cave.

The moment Fang Yuan left, Li Xian’s expression turned grave.

His small eyes flashed with sharp light: “I have been fanning the flames to this extent but this little beast king remains unmoved. Is he really not worried about his partner’s safety? Could it be the relation between Bai Ning Bing and him is not as close as the rumors say? He is a man and Bai Ning Bing is so beautiful, he will definitely go rescue her. It seems I need to contact Hu Mei Er…”

Riling up people’s emotions had become basic nature to him. He watched others fight and fished in troubled water, obtaining huge benefits.

“Is this true?” Hu Mei Er’s eyes brightened with high spirits when she got the news from Li Xian.

“Why would I deceive my darling?” Li Xian smiled while caressing Hu Mei Er’s waist.

Hu Mei Er smiled tenderly and threw herself into Li Xian’s chest, acting coquettishly: “It is still big brother Li Xian who loves me the most.”

…..

A round pearl quietly rested on Fang Yuan’s palm.

It was golden all over and was only the size of a thumb. In the dusky cave, the pearl let out faint golden luster.

This was a yellow gold relic Gu, rank four Gu!

This Gu’s market supply was strictly controlled by all great clans. Even Li Xian could not get it.

It was all because this Gu could directly raise a rank four Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm. Rank four and rank five were already the higher-ups of a clan; a yellow gold relic Gu could change the power structure of the higher-ups.

“I was quite lucky this time, actually receiving a yellow gold relic Gu as reward in King Xin Inheritance.” Fang Yuan sighed before activating this Gu with a thought.

Yellow gold relic Gu immediately turned into golden ray of light and entered Fang Yuan’s aperture.

The ninety percent primeval sea in Fang Yuan’s aperture surged and ebbed. In the center, Spring Autumn Cicada appeared and disappeared at times.

When yellow gold relic Gu entered the aperture, it was firmly suppressed by the indistinct aura of Spring Autumn Cicada. Fang Yuan could only make Spring Autumn Cicada conceal itself then use yellow gold relic Gu.

A ball of golden light immediately spread and covered the whole aperture. Bright golden primeval essence converged together, cleansing the aperture walls.

A night passed and when the light of clear dawn shone upon San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

Rank four middle stage!

If he used nine eyes liquor worm, he would possess rank four upper stage essence gold primeval essence!

This moment, he had officially surpassed Bai Ning Bing in cultivation. At the same time, the stable aperture walls could bear even more of Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure now, somewhat delaying this death warrant.

“Next, it is refining Gu…”

Fang Yuan did not urgently use liquor worm, but instead took out a Gu.

This Gu was a ball of bone the size of a quail egg. On the surface, there were alternating black and white stripes like on a zebra.

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing had once used this to soar to the skies.

This was the footless bird.

Although it was only at rank three, it could move ten thousand miles and was the number one mount under rank five. But it had a great a weakness – it could only fly once.

The moment it landed, it was the moment of its death.

This footless bird Gu was also obtained from King Xin Inheritance as a reward for Fang Yuan.

Nine palace flowers, aspiring stone, golden crow’s essence, chilling grass… Fang Yuan threw all these materials into the footless bird Gu and also constantly threw in primeval stones.

Most of these Gu refinement materials were materials Fang Yuan had remaining from King Xin Inheritance, while a portion was bought from Li Xian.

He used up a total of a hundred and eighty thousand primeval stones before the Gu refinement finished.

Bone wings Gu!

It was a rank four Gu. It looked like a feather, was spotless white, had bony texture and was light as a feather.

Under Fang Yuan’s will, this Gu flew towards his back and spread, forming into something resembling two pairs of folded wings that covered almost all of Fang Yuan’s back.

He poured primeval essence into the bone wings Gu… suddenly, intense pain attacked him as countless bones grew out from his backbone and ribs. The bony outgrowth pierced through his flesh and grew out before converging together and forming two enormous bone wings.

These bone wings were like the wings on a bird; wide and long. When folded up, the tail of the wings could touch the ground. The current Fang Yuan was truly an eight foot tall man.

Whoosh!

There was a soft sound as the bone wings stretched out. The cave did not look so spacious anymore.

Normal bone wings were spotless white. But the bone wings on Fang Yuan was not only pitch black, but also let out a metallic luster like that of steel and iron.

This was because Fang Yuan’s skeleton surpassed ordinary, having been reformed by iron bone Gu and at the same time, he had constantly been using rank four essence iron bone recently.

This led to Fang Yuan’s bone wings to far surpass other people’s in terms of sturdiness. Rather than to say they were only bone wings, it was better to say they were iron bone wings!

Fang Yuan softly flapped the wings, there was only a blowing sound before a strong whirlwind blew up.

Bone wings could be used as he wished and was like a natural part of his body.

Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction.

Ordinary Gu Masters were rather cautious in using bone wings Gu. They would often train for two to three years before they were able to fly. If it were to be used in battle, they would have to train even longer, at least five years and above.

After all, humans were creatures who walked on the ground and not flying creatures.

However, Fang Yuan had no such problem.

After five hundred years in his previous life, he had similarly gained plentiful experiences in terms of flying.

One could well imagine, if he suddenly used them, it was sure to catch his enemies off guard.

His newly advanced cultivation and bone wings Gu became the new trump cards of Fang Yuan!

“Now, it is time to deal with Bai Ning Bing’s matter.” Fang Yuan kept the bone wings, a chilling light flashing past his eyes.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 359: Obstruction 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A group of seven people silently moved through a forest.

‘We have been hurrying on our way without resting all these days and are already very close to San Cha mountain.’ Tie Ba Xiu thought while rushing through the forest, stepping across stones and tree roots.

He was tall and had a buff physique, on his square face was a steady expression which gave a feeling of reliability.

His cultivation was rank four upper stage and his fame had spread throughout Southern Border. When he was young, he was spurned by the clan, pushed aside and forced to drift outside.

Then he encountered a righteous Gu Master inheritance and changed to strength path, making his name renowned in the world.

Now, he was a famous character of the righteous path. With rank five Gu ‘earth overlord’, he was called ‘present age overlord’ and had battle strength that surpassed ordinary rank four peak stage!

‘At present, there are five rank four peak stage Gu Masters on San Cha mountain; Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong, Kong Ri Tian, Wu Shen Tong and Yi Huo. Among them, Yi Huo’s battle prowess is very high and will be the strongest opponent. In addition to this, there will be more and more formidable characters who will join this struggle. It is just that I do not know what Tie Ruo Nan has planned.’

Thinking of this, Tie Ba Xiu could not help turning his gaze towards Tie Ruo Nan who was running beside him.

Although he had impressive battle prowess, in the group that was sent over this time by the clan, he was not the head. Rather, it was a young junior – Tie Ruo Nan!

After Tie Ruo Nan returned to the clan, she cultivated hard and displayed extremely strong aptitude and talent. Now, she was already one of the Tie clan’s eight young masters. She was meticulous, sensitive to the smallest details and was already being called ‘little divine investigator’. She was the strongest rising star that emerged in Tie clan these years, she was gradually soaring up and was being watched by many.

This time, when the four old-timers requested for reinforcements, the clan made an exception and appointed Tie Ruo Nan as the leader of this group. Even Tie Ba Xiu, this famous senior had to obey her orders. This showed how much the Tie clan higher ups expected from her.

Tie Ba Xiu only took a glance before retracting his gaze.

He was not in the least bit concerned about the clan’s arrangement and was also not jealous.

Tie Ba Xiu was very loyal to the clan; for the clan’s future hope, he was willing to be an assistant, willing to become a stepping stone.

In fact, when he was down and out, he had received Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng’s help. Tie Ba Xiu had always felt grateful towards him and with the interaction over these days, he sensed Tie Ruo Nan’s brilliance.

“As expected of Divine Investigator’s daughter! Big Brother Xue Leng, you have a worthy successor, you can rest assured in the afterlife.” Tie Ba Xiu was gratified.

He was very satisfied with Tie Ruo Nan. Not only did he admire her cultivation talents, he admired her leadership capability even more.

Outstanding young Gu Masters had gathered around Tie Ruo Nan. Not mentioning anything else, one just needed to look at the current group of people.

Tie Mu, rank three peak stage Gu Master, looked gentlemanly and was brimming with talent. He had received many invitations but he chose to join Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ao Kai, rank three upper stage, he might look dazed and sleepy, but in the field of investigative ability, he had true prowess.

There was also Tie Dao Ku, an offense Gu Master with outstanding battle prowess. He had once served another young master but was now recruited by Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Xian Hua, one of the beauties in the clan, young and beautiful. Even clan elders praised her defensive abilities.

These talents gathered under Tie Ruo Nan and would become her crew. Tie Ba Xiu seemed to see the radiant scene where this crew endlessly grew and assisted Tie Ruo Nan in ascending to the position of clan leader.

Each one of the eight young masters of Tie clan had a chance to contend for clan leader’s position!

As they ran quickly, lights and shadows fluctuated in their vision and green light shone on Tie Ruo Nan’s face.

Her slender legs revealed her youthful beauty as she ran through the forest.

Having gained much experiences these years, Tie Ruo Nan had clearly matured. Her brows were sharp as sword and her eyes shone like the stars; when one looked at her from the side, one could feel her power. Her thick eyelashes shaded the resolute light in her eyes.

“San Cha mountain!”

She recited this name in her mind.

She had already received news about San Cha mountain. And she was even aware that San Cha mountain had become a place of unstable changes, a struggling whirlpool that swallowed lives, engulfing countless people of both demonic and righteous paths.

Originally, Tie Ruo Nan had not thought of participating. But an unexpected information made her realize there were hidden details regarding Qing Mao mountain back then.

Her father Tie Xue Leng lost his life at Qing Mao mountain; a hero of a generation had fallen.

Anything that concerned her father, she had to check it out. Thus, she personally accepted the order and hurried to San Cha mountain.

“Bai Ning Bing… Fang Zheng… the truth about Qing Mao mountain, I will get to the bottom of it!”

The group moved forward.

The group of seven moved in an standard battle formation.

The investigative Gu Master Tie Ao Kai was at front, Tie Ruo Nan and Tie Ba Xiu was at middle. Healing Gu Master was at the rear with defensive Gu Master Tie Xian Hua beside him.

No matter what the terrain was, the battle formation showed no signs of disorder. No matter what happened, this group responded to it at the first sight and was not caught unprepared.

“Who is it?!”

Suddenly, Tie Ao Kai who was at the front stopped and shouted, alerting the group.

Something happened!

The whole group swiftly came to a stop, the formation changed slightly to form into the best battle array; it was both closely linked and was also faintly loose to leave a way for retreat.

They could attack if they progressed, and defend if they retreated.

A person who crossed his arms and was standing on a boulder, glanced down at this group of people.

He was tall, with strong back and narrow waist, although he was not exaggeratedly muscular, he still gave a feeling of sturdiness.

He was wearing tight-fitting black clothes, he was standing there alone but it felt like a mountain was standing.

Especially, his black pupils, they were dark as abyss and gave an unfathomable feeling.

“Fang Zheng!” Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk when she saw this person and blurted out.

This person was indeed Fang Yuan.

“Tie Ruo Nan, we meet again.” The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile, a grim intent was revealed from his expression.

Little beast king!

Tie Ba Xiu’s eyes narrowed and a severe light flashed past them.

The other five people of the group were behaving like they were facing a great enemy. They were very well equipped with intel and knew the person in front of them; a rising star of the demonic path with outstanding battle prowess, his actions were wild and unrestrained – an extremely dangerous character!

“Fang Zheng, I trust you have been since we last met?” Tie Ruo Nan revealed a complicated expression on her face and continued after a sigh, “Fang Zheng, you came to compromise? Actually, there is nothing to it. I know the struggles of three kings inheritance, you either live or die, there are no ways for retreat. Bai Ning Bing ran into my Tie clan’s Gu Master and killed him in as a last-ditch move. I have friendly relations with you both, how about this, come to Tie clan as a guest, explain the matter clearly and redeem this sin by doing some assignments for Tie clan. I can plea for leniency for you and Tie clan won’t pursue this matter anymore.”

When she was speaking, Tie Ao Kai nervously activated his Gu to secretly scan his surroundings.

It was truly strange Fang Yuan appeared alone. Maybe there were others lying in ambush!

Fang Yuan could not help but sneer at Tie Ruo Nan’s words: “Sin? She only killed a person, what sin is there? The only slight difference is this person has a somewhat tougher background, that’s all. Tie Ruo Nan, I didn’t think you were so childish. Thinking of luring me into going to Tie clan, and capture me there? When I enter Tie clan, I will be a dragon swimming in shallow water, a tiger moving in plain sight , wouldn’t I be completely at your mercy then?”

Tie Ruo Nan deeply furrowed her brows: “Fang Zheng, you have changed a lot over these years. You feel no guilt over killing a person? Anyway, I am not telling lies. I pledge on my honor that I will guarantee your safety and guarantee you will be given fair trial.”

Fang Yuan scoffed: “Is your Tie clan considered safe? At the moment, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng has been causing havoc at Tie clan, even infiltrating Demon Suppression Tower. Your Tie clan can’t even help yourselves, can you guarantee my safety? Laughable, truly laughable.”

“What? The clan has kept the news regarding Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng confidential. He is an outsider and has also been staying far away here at San Cha mountain, how could he be so clear of the matter?”

The seven people of Tie clan turned pale.

Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng was a rank five expert, the matter of him infiltrating Demon Suppression Tower had already caused a lot of disturbance in Tie clan’s higher ups.

Tie clan had always viewed itself as the holy land of the righteous path, its Demon Suppression Tower was even a renowned prison for the demonic path, but Lu Zuan Feng entered and left it as he pleased. This level of humiliation and disgrace was tightly guarded and kept a secret by Tie clan; even top clans like Wu clan and Shang clan had no knowledge of it.

However, this little beast king unexpectedly knew it!

“Do you really believe such nonsense?” Tie Ba Xiu could not help but refuse it as it concerned the reputation of Tie clan.

“Leader, there are no one in the surroundings, he is alone.” At this time, Tie Ao Kai reported in a soft voice.

A bright light immediately flashed through Tie Ruo Nan’s mind and she fixed her gaze at Fang Yuan: “Fang Zheng, I understand your intent. You want to use this information to blackmail us and exchange for Bai Ning Bing’s life? We can do that! But we need to know how you you came to know about this secret. Otherwise, we will absolutely not let her go.”

Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly: “Tie Ruo Nan, you are truly naive. I just spoke those words casually. You still don’t understand the purpose of me coming here? Don’t you know there is a battle tactic called besiege an enemy stronghold in order to strike at the reinforcements ?”

“What, you want to go against us?” Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils slightly widened, revealing an inconceivable expression.

The others also looked at Fang Yuan as if they were looking at an idiot.

We are a group of seven while you are just by yourself. We have rank four upper stage senior Tie Ba Xiu, rank four initial stage Tie Ruo Nan, and five rank three Gu Masters, each of them an expert. Just you alone wants to go against us?

“Has this little beast king lost his mind? Is there a problem with his brain?” For a moment, everyone had this thought.

Fang Yuan knew their thoughts as he looked at the change in their expression and eyes.

He did not feel like refuting them. With a cold smile, he suddenly pounced towards the group from high above like a northern goshawk.

“He really attacked?”

“Looking for death!”

The seven people were both startled and furious.

“No, this aura, how could he be at rank four middle stage?!”

Next instance, the seven all felt their hearts thump as they sensed the aura on Fang Yuan.

Facts speak louder than words.

“Rank four middle stage! Not initial stage?” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes opened wide and was stunned at the revelation.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 360: One vs Seven (1/4) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan had been using breath concealment Gu and restrained his aura as much as possible. But now that he made a move, his true aura exploded out.

Add in to that, Tie Ruo Nan’s group had the preconceived belief that Fang Yuan had rank four initial stage cultivation. Thus, for a moment, this seven person group was very surprised.

“Rank four middle stage, this little beast king is so young but has surpassed young master Ruo Nan!”

“Rank four middle stage, no wonder he could be so arrogant.”

“So what if he is at rank four middle stage? He actually dared to approach us alone, he is simply seeking his own doom!”

 …

All sorts of thoughts flashed in the Tie clan’s group’s minds.

Thud!

A dull sound echoed; Tie Ba Xiu came back to his senses the fastest and stiffly struck against Fang Yuan’s fists in mid-air.

Tie Ba Xiu stably fell to the ground while Fang Yuan was sent flying.

“Fang Zheng, you want to find trouble with us just by yourself? I know you want to rescue your partner Bai Ning Bing, but think it over. You can’t act rashly in a matter of rescuing someone, it is still not too late for you to pull back. If you continue to fight, you will truly be setting yourself against our Tie clan! If that happens, your partner’s life will also be on the line.” Tie Ba Xiu expressed himself in few words, seemingly earnest, but was in truth attempting to break Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit; truly proving old ginger is hotter than new.

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan chuckled and looked at Tie Ba Xiu and the rest, his gaze completely exposed his killing intent, “So what if you are Tie clan? So what if I oppose you? If I really can’t save Bai Ning Bing, then I can only blame it on her bad luck. In any case, I already did my best.”

Such ruthless and indifference caused the Tie clan’s seven people to feel a chill in their hearts.

Fang Yuan turned towards Tie Ao Kai: “You over there, you don’t need to scout anymore, it is just me alone. Frankly, this path you guys chose is really good, very hidden and very suitable for me to kill you all.”

Hearing these words, Tie Ba Xiu’s expression completely turned dark.

“Fang Zheng, you are seeking your own death!”

“Death?” Fang Yuan started laughing loudly without any restraint.

“Is this guy crazy?”

“Has little beast king going mad from cultivation and lost his mind?”

“Demonic path people are all lunatics like this!”

The group all felt the situation was going to be problematic from the unbridled laughter of Fang Yuan.

Fierce people were afraid of unreasonable people and unreasonable people were afraid of those that did not care about death. Despite there being seven people in Tie clan’s side and Fang Yuan was alone, the Tie clan’s group felt fear.

This type of lunatic that was suicidal and did not care about his own life, what was there that he could not do?

Fang Yuan suddenly stopped laughing and stepped forward producing a loud sound. Like a tiger that left the mountain, he resumed his attacks again.

“Fight!” Tie Ruo Nan shouted with a heavy expression, knowing this fight was inevitable.

Tie Ba Xiu retreated and stood beside Tie Ruo Nan; Tie Dao Ku and Tie Xian Hua moved to the front together; and Tie Ao Kai started running at the side.

The whole formation was instantly loosened up like a sack being opened, displaying their skilled battle tactics coordination.

Charging crash Gu!

Fang Yuan rushed forward like a bull, the stones under him were smashed as he moved with powerful momentum and penetrated into Tie clan’s ‘sack’ without any fear.

“Little beast king, you are simply too arrogant!” Tie Xian Hua shouted in her delicate voice and stretched out the five fingers of her right hand.

There was a soft sound and an enormous black golden lotus flower blossomed instantly from her palm.

The lotus bloomed, its huge petals were bent down, forming arcs like an umbrella. The dark green lotus stalk continued to grow and in a blink of an eye was over an arm’s size, becoming the handle of the umbrella.

Tie Xian Hua plucked this lotus with her left hand and then charged towards Fang Yuan while holding the dark green lotus stalk.

Umbrella lotus Gu!

Tie Xian Hua was petite while the umbrella lotus was huge and completely covered her, becoming a shield and firmly protecting her.

Fang Yuan sneered, a white elephant phantom appeared above him.

Beast phantom, the strength of an elephant!

Bam!

With no surprise, Fang Yuan sent Tie Xian Hua, who was blocking his path, flying.

Tie Xian Hua flew a whole ten feet like a dead leaf blown by the wind.

“What great strength!” She gritted her teeth, enduring the intense pain from the collision. She twisted her body in the midair and quickly found a balance, landing on the ground without falling.

But the expected attack did not follow, Fang Yuan ignored her existence and directly charged towards Tie Ruo Nan.

“Damn it, he is going after young master!”

“We must block him, protect young master!”

The battle will and killing intent of the group was ignited when they saw Fang Yuan targeting Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ruo Nan half-kneeled, her two hands were pressed on the ground; from the moment the battle started, she was creating a puppet.

Plants grew wildly near her.

The fragile grass beside her feet grew to an adult man’s height. Dozens of huge grass intertwined; in the emerald-green light, a grassman puppet was created.

Grass puppet Gu!

Fang Yuan had seen rank one grass puppet Gu at Qing Mao mountain. It was used as a target for practicing moon blades.

Rank one grass puppet Gu was of no threat but once it reached rank two, it could easily kill an ordinary hunter. The one Tie Ruo Nan was using right now was rank three grass puppet Gu.

The grassman puppet she created was short and thin, the leaves tightly weaved together, its one hand was holding a bamboo blade and another hand was raising a rattan shell shield.

This was rattan shell grass soldier! It possessed the strength to kill a rank one Gu Master!

Just one rattan shell grass soldier was no threat to Fang Yuan. But once their numbers increased, they became troublesome.

Rattan shell grass soldier were often used as cannon fodder to consume the opposing Gu Master’s primeval essence. Most importantly, using a rank four Gu Master’s strength, a dozen rattan shell soldiers could combine into a rank four grass sword elite soldier.

In this short moment, Tie Ruo Nan already had eighteen rattan shell grass soldiers beside her.

“Tie Ruo Nan…” Fang Yuan was filled with killing intent, his icy and sharp gaze firmly locked on to Tie Ruo Nan.

This woman possessed outstanding talents similar to Bai Ning Bing, and she had also investigated the affairs on Qing Mao mountain, she could not be left alive. Fang Yuan had already wanted to kill her back at Shang clan city, but the time had not been good then.

Tie Ruo Nan did not budge. She chose to believe in her partners and was still creating rattan shell grass soldiers.

“Block him!”

Tie Ao Kai flung his sleeves and a large swarm of golden needle mosquitoes flew out.

“Don’t even think of taking a step further!”

Tie Dao Ku rushed towards Fang Yuan while activating hand blade Gu and swift shadow Gu.

Fang Yuan laughed and directly clashed head-on without evading it.

Golden needle mosquitoes pierced tiny blood holes all over his body. Tie Dao Ku’s arms struck his chest and slashed out long wounds.

Fang Yuan howled with laughter, and stepped forward with his head high, blood flowing out from the wounds all over his body.

“He is wounded!” The Tie clan group was solemn.

If it were other enemies that were wounded, the Tie clan group would feel happy and relaxed, but Fang Yuan possessed bitter strength Gu; the heavier the injuries he suffered, the stronger his fighting strength became.

Green bull, horse, stone turtle!

Sure enough, three more beast phantoms appeared above Fang Yuan.

He opened the way with his huge strength that could not be blocked!

Tie Xian Hua rushed over and was casually sent flying by Fang Yuan. Tie Dao Ku helplessly retreated while Tie Ao Kai could only wander at the sidelines.

“Good, tyrant strength Gu!” Fang Yuan was about to reach Tie Ruo Nan, when Tie Ba Xiu shouted and stepped forward.

Bam!

There was a huge explosive sound from the collision of the two. Both were sent back seven to eight steps.

It was a draw!

Fang Yuan had four beast phantoms, but Tie Ba Xiu was not famous for nothing; his rank four tyrant strength Gu was inherited from the ancient strength path and possessed the strength of a overlord.

“Interesting, again!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly and he charged forward again.

Tie Ba Xiu greeted him head-on, firmly blocking his way.

Tie Dao Ku and others all let out a breath of turbid air, feeling relief as they looked at this scene.

“Little beast king is finally stopped.”

“This is senior Tie Ba Xiu!”

“Fang Zheng is trapped within our tight encirclement, he is sure to die!”

The Tie clan group’s fighting spirit soared as Fang Yuan lost his momentum. In their eyes, he was like a bull that had fallen into trap, his threat had greatly decreased.

All of them joined in to attack.

All kinds of attacks like swarm of golden needle mosquitoes, flower rain and hand blades were thrown at Fang Yuan from all directions.

Fang Yuan’s skin was torn open, the wounds on his body was becoming more serious and he had no choice but to use golden shield Gu to defend. At the same time, he also used self-reliance Gu to heal his body.

The more he fought, the stronger he got, but Tie Ba Xiu was unexpectedly also the same!

He possessed rank five earth overlord Gu which allowed him to absorb an endless amount of strength from the earth, making his tyrant strength Gu stronger and stronger.

Tie Ba Xiu continuously activated earth overlord Gu, acquiring formless strength from the earth that empowered his tyrant strength Gu and continued to increase his strength.

The battle was in a stalemate.

Fang Yuan and Tie Ba Xiu fought intensely, beating each other up with punches and kicks; they were the center of the fight. Like human-shaped beasts, each of their moves carried heavy weight, and wherever the fight went, stones shattered and dust flew.

Howl!

Suddenly, there was a beast howl and a beast phantom appeared above Fang Yuan.

Lightning curled around it, its tusks were exposed outside and it gave off extremely violent aura – thunder boar phantom!

Tie Xian Hua who was blocking Fang Yuan’s path was suddenly sent flying.

Umbrella lotus Gu broke and its petals scattered in the air.

“Xian Hua, persevere!” Tie Mu rushed over and held Tie Xian Hua who was throwing up huge amounts of blood, and promptly began healing her.

At the same time, a group of rattan shell grass soldiers came over and blocked any gaps in the surroundings, defending these two.

By now, there were already close to a thousand rattan shell grass soldiers around Tie Ruo Nan and were already providing support in the battle. At the same time, she was continuously creating new grassman puppets.

Tie Ruo Nan walked the enslavement path and one could not let an enslavement path Gu Master like her have enough time to prepare.

Enslavement path Gu Masters were the best at fighting war of attrition, the longer the time passed, the more unfavorable Fang Yuan’s situation would be. The best answer was to directly murder the leader.

But this tactic would not work.

Fang Yuan was firmly entangled with Tie Ba Xiu now.

“A ferocious junior!” Tie Ba Xiu could not help but feel admiration towards Fang Yuan in his heart.

Even though he had already predicted it, the strength Fang Yuan displayed still shocked him.

He had thought Fang Yuan’s power was due to the set of strength path Gu with him. Inheriting the precious Gu worms of ancient strength path and moreover, their coordination was also exquisite.

However, as the battle progressed till this stage, Tie Ba Xiu could hardly dare to believe the shrewdness, ruthlessness, calmness and steadiness Fang Yuan displayed.

“This lad’s battle talent… if I was not personally fighting him, I would never believe that there would be such a monster! He needs to be killed, I must kill him. He is even more dangerous than what the intel said, if we give him time to grow, it will be a calamity for the righteous path!” Tie Ba Xiu was shocked and his killing intent soared even more.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 361: One vs Seven (2/4) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The battle carried on like wildfire.

“Little beast king is this terrifying! We have so many people on our side but still can’t catch him!” Tie Mu looked at the battle while healing Tie Xian Hua, his expressions fluctuating endlessly.

“His strength has improved by leaps and bounds, reaching this formidable stage now!” Tie Dao Ku looked at the battle in front, sensing he was already unable to interfere.

“No wonder he arrogantly blocked us, such battle prowess… but even if he is more ferocious, what can he do? Two fists cannot rival four hands , the battle has reached this stage and we still have seven people! This is the cooperative strength of a group! Fang Zheng, this battle is your loss, no doubt.” Tie Ruo Nan observed the battle situation from a tall boulder.

In her sight, Tie Ba Xiu and five others surrounded Fang Yuan as a circle. And surrounding this was a large numbers of green ratten shell grass soldiers that had formed into a tight net.

At the same time, some rattan shell grass soldiers were combining with each other to form rank four grass sword elite soldiers.

“The outcome is a foregone conclusion. Little beast king, look at your surroundings! You are already heavily encircled, do you still want to persist obstinately? Let yourself be captured and maybe you can still have a way out!” Tie Xian Hua stood up and attempted to shake Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit.

The injuries on her were already healed by Tie Mu and she now had the strength to fight again.

“Fang Zheng, it is impossible for you to escape even if you grow wings 1 . This is the price for overestimating yourself!” Tie Mu added in from beside Tie Xian Hua.

“Eh? Impossible to escape?” Fang Yuan suddenly exerted strength and forced back Tie Ba Xiu. A mocking smile appeared on his face, “Is it true that I can’t escape even if I grow wings ? I’ll give it a try.”

Whoosh!

There was a sharp pain as a pair of pitch black bone wings with metallic luster stretched out fully from Fang Yuan’s back!

“This is…”

“He really has…?”

“What!”

In front of Tie clan group’s amazed gazes, Fang Yuan flapped the wings and softly lifted off from the ground and continued to rise higher, flying into the air.

Tie Mu could never have expected his words to turn out to be a prophecy, and was baffled.

“The intel did not say little beast king had a flying type Gu… this is clearly a rank four flying type Gu, how did he get it?” Tie Xian Hua stared with her eyes wide open in bewilderment.

Flying type Gu were a type of movement Gu worms, they were rather expensive and also very rare, thus only few Gu Masters possessed them.

“Fang Zheng can fly?! No wonder he arrogantly intercepted us.” Tie Dao Ku immediately realized.

Tie Ruo Nan’s expression also turned unsightly. Her ratten shell grass soldiers had no use against air targets. The moment Fang Yuan flew, an enormous hole immediately appeared in her painstakingly created layers of encirclement.

“What are you all panicking for!” Right at this moment, Tie Ba Xiu’s loud shout echoed in everyone’s ears.

This rank four upper stage strength path cultivator was a cornerstone of the Tie clan, and right now his eyes were bursting with bright light. His plentiful experiences allowed him to find out a weakness in Fang Yuan.

“How can flying type Gu be easy to control? By nature, humans walk on the ground, if they want to fly and soar freely, they need a lot of painstaking practice! And to battle while flying? It needs even more bitter training! Even Verdant Great Sun, son of the great Ren Zu, died while flying. How much time could it have been since this little beast king obtained his flying type Gu?”

Tie Ba Xiu words forced the Tie clan group to wake up and their spirits rose up again.

“That’s right, the intel did not mention Fang Zheng having any flying type Gu. He definitely obtained the bone wings very recently!”

“Flying needs a huge amount of practice, it is not something that can be picked up and used immediately. Little beast king is too naive.”

“The main thing is we are really fortunate to have senior Tie Ba Xiu by our side.”

Tie clan’s group regained their fighting spirit.

“My long distance methods are lacking, you guys attack and take him down. Fang Zheng, you made an extremely stupid move! If you had continued to battle steadily, you could have still lasted for some time, but now you have trapped yourself.” Tie Ba Xiu shouted loudly.

“Eh? You think so…?” Fang Yuan smiled indifferently, a look of pity in his eyes.

“Little beast king, you won’t be proud for long. Golden needle mosquito… huh.” Tie Ao Kai wanted to attack when suddenly his expression turned stiff.

In the battle just before, his golden needle mosquito Gu were already exhausted.

It was all because he saw Fang Yuan not defending against the golden needle mosquitoes’ attack, thus using it readily. The battle was also very intense which made him forget the intense expenditure of the golden needle mosquitoes.

“Not good, my star arrow Gu has already been destroyed by little beast king!”

“Damn it, I only have two flower rain Gu remaining….”

A similar situation played out on, more or less, everybody.

Tie Ba Xiu’s heart sank, it turned out little beast king had already been ready and had all along been hiding his schemes deep within his heart.

“It’s okay, I have blade qi Gu and can do long distance fight!” Tie Dao Ku stood up.

“I have snowball Gu with me and can make little beast king suffer some consequences.” Another Tie clan Gu Master also stood up.

Many hands provide great strength ; there were seven people in this Tie clan group and thus they had plentiful methods. Even if Fang Yuan had aimed at this, he was not able to wipe out all their methods.

“Little beast king, get down here!” Tie Dao Ku sent out a ray of blade qi.

The blade qi whistled towards Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan evaded it with a light flap of his wings.

Three snowballs moved in to block Fang Yuan’s retreating path.

Fang Yuan folded up his left wing and made an agile whirling movement, safely passing through the gaps between the snowballs.

Tie Ba Xiu’s heart thumped at this scene and a bad feeling rose up: He evaded them so effortlessly, was that luck?

Soon, the Tie clan group felt stunned and helpless as Fang Yuan agilely and confidently evaded countless attacks.

“He has such a good control over flying type Gu!”

“Damn it, our attacks simply can’t hit him.”

“My primeval essence is already running dry, blade qi Gu’s consumption is huge. It seems we can only let Fang Zheng escape this time.”

The Tie clan group’s attacks gradually became sparse.

“Little beast king, I can’t help but admire you, you are indeed a great talent. Today, we made it easy for you to retreat, that is also because of your talent. But watch out for the next time we meet.” Tie Ruo Nan warned in a heavy voice.

Fang Yuan seemed to have heard the most ridiculous joke in the world and started laughing loudly.

“What are you laughing at?” The ominous feeling in Tie Ba Xiu’s heart became even more intense…

“Hahaha, of course I am laughing at your naivety. Why would I run? The real battle has only begun!” After saying this, Fang Yuan activated all-out effort Gu and strength qi Gu at the same time.

Green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant and black python; five beast phantoms turned solid and slammed down.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

In an instant, the battlefield shook, stones crumbled and dust flew everywhere. Ratten shell grass soldiers were sent flying or destroyed and the Tie clan group retreated madly.

“Attack! We can’t be taking hits passive, we must give him no time to take control of the battlefield!” Tie Ba Xiu roared furiously and punched at Fang Yuan from afar with his bowl-sized fists.

A formless majestic fist energy exploded out violently and actually broke the sound of sound, creating a sonic boom!

However, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and rose higher, easily dodging the attack.

Tie Ba Xiu helplessly sighed. His fist energy might be a long range attack but the distance it could reach was short.

He was a strength path Gu Master, this path had always lacked in long range attack methods. Fang Yuan could be said to be an oddity because his strength qi Gu originated from the ancient qi path.

Upon Tie Ba Xiu’s reminder, other Tie clan Gu Masters warded off the beast phantoms and started making aerial attacks.

However, Fang Yuan displayed unmatchable flying ability!

Occasionally, he was like a butterfly, dancing between the attacks and agilely evading them. Occasionally, he was like a goshawk flying towards the sky, forcing people to watch helplessly. Occasionally, he would make arcs with his bone wings like a swift. And occasionally, he would hover and wait for an opportunity before moving, like a dragonfly.

Most of the attacks were dodged by him. And a few attacks that managed to strike his body were resisted by the defensive light of golden shield Gu.

“This is impossible! How could his flying capability be so superb!”

“This level of control isn’t inferior to Lan Mei He, Hong Fei Yu or Fei You Wang!!”

Lan Mei He, Hong Fei Yu and Fei You Wang were experts in flying and were already famed throughout Southern Border.

The Tie clan group were stunned and horrified.

Fang Yuan constantly activated Gu worms to attack to his heart’s content. The earlier battle was only setting up this current situation.

Tie Ruo Nan’s expression was ashen.

She had painstakingly created so many ratten shell grass soldiers but they could only passively take hits now! Moreover, it had wasted a lot of her primeval essence!

“Die!” Fang Yuan hovered for a long while before he suddenly saw an opportunity and pounced down.

“Tie Mu, careful!”

“Dodge quickly!”

Tie Mu heard the others’ fearful shouts and looked up in a flurry.

The dazzling sunlight pierced his eyes first of all. Then he saw a black figure pouncing down like a goshawk.

The intense whistling sounds immediately filled his ears.

An enormous feeling of crisis filled his heart.

“Not good, run!” This thought had just emerged in his mind when Fang Yuan’s hands grabbed his shoulders.

Beast phantom retract!

Fang Yuan’s strength gushed up and he pulled apart his arms, ruthlessly ripping apart the arms.

Blood spurted out like a waterfall and Tie Mu’s two limbs were torn apart from the shoulders.

A violent pain drowned Tie Mu’s mind and he roared furiously, his handsome face twisted into something terrifying.

Bam!

Fang Yuan again exerted strength and smacked his hands; Tie Mu’s head was forcibly burst open like a watermelon!

In an instant, blood and brain matter sprayed on Fang Yuan’s body, face and hair. It was either the grey brain matter or red blood, even the eyeballs stuck on Fang Yuan’s clothes.

The dense bloody stench assaulted the nose. If it were any other person, they might have vomited on the spot, but Fang Yuan smelled it like it was the world’s most fragrant smell. He was enjoying this and there was even a very intense excitement in the depths of his heart!

“Death, such a sweet fragrance!”

“Kill, kill!”

“Let the flower of life bloom brightly in the blood.”

He threw his head back and roared, actually improvising a poem.

“Tie Mu!” Seeing Tie Mu’s death, the Tie clan group looked with furious eyes, the fire of their fury seemingly able to burn the sky and ocean!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“You killed Tie Mu, I want you dead!” Tie Xian Hua raised the umbrella lotus Gu, shouting as she pounced.

Fang Yuan smiled lightly, after waiting for Tie Xian Hua to get close, he turned his body quickly, and opened his wings, as he moved elegantly and brushed past Tie Xian Hua.

Tie Xian Hua charged for five to six steps before stopping.

Her beautiful face was in a daze. The umbrella lotus Gu fell on the ground, as a trace of blood slowly showed on her neck, before blood poured out of her like a fountain, sending her head flying as she was beheaded.

“Xian Hua!!” Tie clan’s group shouted pitifully, but it could not bring her back to life.

Tie Ba Xiu quickly came over.

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, spreading his wings and flying into the sky.

Tie Ba Xiu was obstructed by the ratten shell grass soldiers, although he created a path for himself to charge out, how could he match Fang Yuan’s speed?

Fang Yuan flew in the sky, after some indiscriminate dive bombs, he flew towards Tie Ruo Nan.

“Oh no, his target is young master!” Tie Dao Ku quickly reinforced her.

Fang Yuan suddenly changed directions, landing quickly in front of Tie Dao Ku.

“Die!” Fang Yuan had a cold expression, exchanging blows with Tie Dao Ku, not dodging or evading at all, showing his fierce nature.

Tie Dao Ku was also a man with great courage, facing Fang Yuan head on.

Swift shadow Gu! Hand blade Gu! Iron hand Gu! Consecutive slash Gu! Quick battle gale! Blade qi Gu!

He was an attack type Gu Master in the first place, as he attacked with all his strength, his arms moved like wind as blade shadows flashed quickly.

Fang Yuan activated the golden shield Gu, but it broke quickly under his barrage.

Even with bronze skin’s defense, Fang Yuan’s skin was torn open as blood and flesh flew out.

“Just like this, hold on!” The others quickly changed their directions, going to assist him.

“Oh no, my primeval essence is used up!” Suddenly, Tie Dao Ku’s attacks stopped.

He was a rank three Gu Master, and had been battling intensely. Now, after a flurry of attacks, his primeval essence dried up.

Without primeval essence, Tie Dao Ku turned from a tiger to a sick cat.

Fang Yuan smiled, grabbing his neck and twisted.

Crack, Tie Dao Ku’s neck was easily broken by Fang Yuan. A blade expert, Tie Ruo Nan’s capable general, brave and courageous, lost his life here.

“No!!!” Tie Ruo Nan saw this and her eyes turned red with sadness and anger, as the flames of anger was ignited in her, attempting to burn her into ashes.

Ratten shell grass soldiers, under her command, gathered into a green tidal wave, moving and attempting to engulf Fang Yuan.

Thousands of grass soldier puppets, having strength in numbers, they were already a threat to Fang Yuan.

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes, nose, and mouth was bleeding, such intensive manipulation of her Gu caused great strain on her mind, and it started affecting her body.

“Ruo Nan, don’t be rash! Do not get engulfed by your own anger!” Tie Ba Xiu saw this and reminded.

But Tie Ruo Nan had lost her reasoning, she had watched her friends die in front of her, this was a huge stimulation to her, it even brought back the pain from back when her father died.

“She is still too young.” Fang Yuan sneered, flapping his wings and flying up.

The imposing ratten shell grass soldiers missed their target, as they collapsed together, squeezing into a lump. Not only was their formation a mess, it even caused Tie Ba Xiu and others to have no space to move.

“This is the weakness of a team! Once the cooperation breaks down, you yourself will be the biggest burden to them. Hehehe… such specific allocation of duty also caused the members to be overly reliant on others. Relying on yourself instead of others, that is the truth of the world!” Fang Yuan flew high in the sky, looking at the battlefield emotionlessly, as he moved his gaze towards Tie Ao Kai.

Tie Ao Kai was an investigative Gu master, since the start of the battle, he had been moving around the outskirts.

His speed was fast, he could easily run away and seek reinforcements, he was very crucial to Fang Yuan’s plans to eliminate them all. He had to die at all costs!

Seeing Fang Yuan fly towards him, Tie Ao Kai’s face was aghast.

Fang Yuan was bathed in blood, his black hair, eyes, and wings, made him look like a demonic god incarnate. Ruthless and courageous, but also cruel and devious.

Tie Mu, Tie Xian Hua, and Tie Dao Ku had all died in his hands, even Tie Ba Xiu could do nothing to him.

Facing such a strong foe, how could he be Fang Yuan’s match?

The swarm of ratten shell grass soldier army was once Tie Ao Kai’s reassurance, but now it was a cold mockery towards him.

“Escape, I have to escape to San Cha mountain and report to the four elders of Tie clan!” Tie Ao Kai was scared, giving himself a reason to retreat as he immediately left the battlefield, running rapidly.

“Don’t run, come back now!” Tie Ba Xiu’s gaze was on Tie Ao Kai as he ran into the forest, shouting loudly.

If Tie Ao Kai stayed behind and was united with them, he might have a chance of survival. But he ran away alone, having little primeval essence and low cultivation, how could he be faster than Fang Yuan by running with his two legs, restricted by the terrain?

As expected, in a moment, Fang Yuan carried his head and flew back.

“AHHHH! Gu Yue Fang Zheng! Gu Yue Fang Zheng! You are dead, you are dead meat! You killed my Tie clansmen, you heinous being, there is no salvation for you. Don’t run if you have guts, what kind of man are you to run away from me. You have no balls you coward, come fight with me, I will tear you to shreds, and grind your bones into ashes!” Tie Ba Xiu was extremely furious, giving off a thunderous scream.

Fang Yuan chuckled, not falling for the taunt: “Heinous? Heh, I’ve killed so many people in the past, why didn’t you call me heinous back then? Because I killed a Tie clansmen, that makes me a heinous villain? Hehe, if that is so, then I love such a sin, let me kill a few more and add a few more sins to my name.”

Saying so, Fang Yuan spread his wings and continued to divebomb, killing the rest of the Tie clan Gu Masters.

Tie Ba Xiu watched with bloodshed eyes, almost vomiting blood out of anger. But he was trapped by the ratten shell grass soldiers, and his speed was no match for Fang Yuan, watching all these outstanding Tie clan youngsters slaughtered in front of him, losing their lives.

Very quickly, in the battlefield, only Tie Ruo Nan and Tie Ba Xiu were left.

“Die, I want you dead!” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes were bloodshot as she gritted her teeth, chanting.

 She had activated the ratten shell grass soldiers to her limit, her body oozing with blood, combined with her crazed expression, it gave people chills.

“Ruo Nan, calm down, calm down now.” Tie Ba Xiu rushed to her side, shaking her shoulders. But Tie Ruo Nan had no reaction towards it, staring at Fang Yuan with deep hatred.

Below Fang Yuan, the ratten shell grass soldiers had gathered together, tightly like a lump. But they could not hit Fang Yuan, thus acting like lost flies.

Tie Ba Xiu sighed helplessly, he had great experience, he knew that this battle was extremely impactful to Tie Ruo Nan, causing her mental state to breakdown, filled by hatred and fury, she was almost taken over by her anger, and could provide no assistance in the short run.

Fang Yuan flapped his wings from time to time, causing his body to remain in the air.

Tie clan only had two people left, but Fang Yuan stopped his attacks.

That is because, among these two, Tie Ruo Nan was like a crazy b*tch, while Tie Ba Xiu had great battle strength, he was a tough opponent. If Fang Yuan got distracted, he would receive great injuries from him.

Looking at Tie Ruo Nan, Fang Yuan’s gaze shone with consideration.

“Tie Ruo Nan has already lost her reasoning in this state. Why don’t I keep these ratten shell grass soldiers here to erode her remaining mental energy. After her mind breaks down, I will take her life. Mm… no, there is a better way. She is the Tie clan young master, Tie Ba Xiu has to protect her. I should use this Tie Ruo Nan to indirectly attack Tie Ba Xiu! If I can kill him, that would be the best.”

Tie Ba Xiu was an established expert, rank four upper stage cultivation, and due to the earth overlord Gu, his battle strength surpassed normal rank four peak stage Gu Masters. He could be said to be Fang Yuan’s most powerful foe after leaving Qing Mao mountain.

Facing such attacks, even if Fang Yuan used all his strength, he could not win.

His only weakness was a lack of long range attacks, but that was not a fatal flaw.

But, battles change due to circumstances, even if Tie Ba Xiu had no flaws, right now, he had someone he had to protect right beside him.

Unknowingly, Tie Ruo Nan had become the hostage that Fang Yuan was using to threaten him!

“If I can kill Tie Ba Xiu, even Yi Huo would have to feel threatened by me. But, I have to observe the situation, we cannot drag this. Although these seven Tie clansmen chose a hidden route here, the four Tie clan old-timers might come to reinforce them.” Fang Yuan thought in his heart, reminding himself.

He had a careful, vigilant, calm, and rational nature. He did not panic in dangerous situations, while not arrogant when he had advantages.

The four old-timers of Tie clan had a combination killer move, called limitless search and lock. If they plant the lock Gu on the Gu Master, no matter where he goes, they can find him. It is the number one capturing method. In his previous life, even Kong Ri Tian was a victim to this killer move, causing the downfall of a demonic expert.

Although Fang Yuan had the bone wings Gu, and could fly anywhere he wanted, free and unrestrained while having the capabilities to attack or escape, all according to his will. But once he was planted with the lock Gu, no matter where he flew to, above the heavens or above the sea, he would be captured.

There is always someone who can bring you down, balance exists in everything , although the bone wings Gu was good, it was restricted by other methods.

The only reason why this battle was so successful was because Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, and knew everything about these seven from Tie clan. Secondly, he had destroyed and expended their long range methods from the battle before.

His thoughts only lasted a second in real time.

After deciding, Fang Yuan took out his primeval stone to recover his primeval essence.

The aperture’s primeval sea level started rising again.

At the same time, he inspected his own body, using the self-reliance Gu to heal some critical injuries.

“Damn it!” Seeing this, Tie Ba Xiu’s heart was heavy, like a mountain rock was weighing on it.

If little beast king continued to attack, he would be happy instead, but right now Fang Yuan took his time to rest, not indulging in the pleasure of having the upper hand, instead stopping his attacks to recover his primeval essence and heal his injuries!

“This little beast king, he is so young, how can he be so scheming and calm?!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 363: One vs Seven (4/4) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan’s composure made Tie Ba Xiu shocked and cold.

When the battle started, Tie Ba Xiu had absolutely not expected he would be in such a situation and at a disadvantage.

But now, this established expert, a cornerstone of Tie clan, had no choice but to admit he was in a dangerous situation.

The culprit that led to this situation was this young man in front of him!

He fought against seven people by himself and forced them to reach this stage.

How in the world did he accomplish this?

“From the moment little beast king appeared, his actions and words were all unfathomable and unpredictable traps, luring the seven of us right into it. Even more unexpectedly, he holds a flying type Gu and possesses such skilled flying techniques. With his flying ability, he has taken the initiative, able to retreat and advance as he pleases, eventually leading to this situation, a one-sided slaughter.”

Tie Ba Xiu felt his heart turn cold as he recalled the situation.

How did Fang Yuan possess such incredible flying techniques, that question was no longer the most terrifying thing.

“The truly terrifying thing about this lad is his head. How could he have such a meticulous scheming ability at his age? He is simply a monster! If he used it for the righteous path, he would become the most brilliant rising star of the righteous path. Unfortunately, he chose to use his intelligence for the evil demonic path. This is a disaster to the people of the world!!”

Tie Ba Xiu had a premonition, one day this young man in front of him would become a calamity to the whole southern border. At that time, blood would flow into a river and dye the land red, and an uncountable number of living beings would fall victim to his vicious attacks!

“No, my current situation is very dangerous. Tie Ruo Nan can’t fight and my long range attacks are inadequate. Little beast king however, can fly, thus attacking or retreating as he desires. Retreat, we must hurry to San Cha mountain and join with the four old-timers!”

Although Tie Ba Xiu had been famous for a long time, his heart was steady and was not misled by fame and profits.

He could not display all his strength, but under the continuous empowerment of earth overlord Gu, tyrant strength Gu was becoming stronger and stronger, surpassing the limits of Fang Yuan.

But Tie Ba Xiu was not drunken in his powers, with his experience, he could see the situation he was in. Continuing to fight only ends in disaster, the most sensible choice was to retreat!

He did not care that he was forced to retreat by a junior. Even if he lost all his reputation, it was better than dying.

“What’s more, big brother Xue Leng, I can’t let your child die in front of me!” As he thought of this, Tie Ba Xiu became decisive and dragged Tie Ruo Nan to retreat.

“Hmm? Running away!” Fang Yuan’s suddenly shone with severity.

He felt the situation was problematic.

Retreating was truly the most sensible choice for Tie Ba Xiu. This place was near to San Cha mountain and if they managed to attract the four old-timers of Tie clan, it would be Fang Yuan’s turn to retreat.

“Kill!” Fang Yuan naturally did not want to see such a situation happening.

He pointed his hand and activated his all-out effort Gu along with strength qi Gu; beast phantoms turned into solid forms and landed on the ground, blocking Tie Ba Xiu.

However, Tie Ba Xiu was strong, his punches and kicks seem to whistle like the wind and cackle like lightning, scattering these beast phantoms.

Fang Yuan suddenly changed the attack target, the beast phantoms all moved towards Tie Ruo Nan.

“Despicable!” Tie Ba Xiu cursed and moved to protect Tie Ruo Nan.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly at this, if Tie Ba Xiu gave up on Tie Ruo Nan and escaped by himself, Fang Yuan would not be able to stop him. However, Tie Ba Xiu was protecting Tie Ruo Nan, this was seeking his own doom.

Because he was a Gu Master that specialized in offense, not defense.

By protecting Tie Ruo Nan, he was sacrificing himself, tying his own hands and feet, fighting his enemy’s specialty with his weakness.

One side escaped and other pursued, the situation was in a stalemate.

No matter how Tie Ba Xiu cursed and provoked, Fang Yuan only flew in the air and used beast phantoms to attack.

Tie Ba Xiu could not hit Fang Yuan and thus was passively taking a beating. Moreover, there were light injuries on his body while protecting Tie Ruo Nan.

“He is only at rank four middle stage, why does he have so much primeval essence?” Tie Ba Xiu was starting to feel desperate, he did not know Fang Yuan not only had liquor worm, but also heavenly essence treasure lotus; in terms of primeval essence, he could completely match rank four upper stage.

Fang Yuan attacked furiously, sending attacks without an end. If a beast phantom was destroyed, he would immediately send another.

Beast phantoms attacked one after another, if one fell, another arrived. Especially, the occasional thunder boar and rock crocodile phantom which could threaten Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ba Xiu was getting exhausted and was slowly unable to endure the attacks, his strength decreasing rapidly.

“Why hasn’t the four old-timers arrived yet!” Tie Ba Xiu kept on running and was already near San Cha mountain, but he still did not see any signs of the four old-timers.

The path they chose was too hidden. And to prevent news from leaking out, they had intentionally departed two days earlier.

These setup instead became an obstruction now for Tie Ba Xiu.

Tie Ba Xiu was very passive now, the injuries on his body continuously accumulated and turned from light to heavy injuries.

Beast phantoms were starting to pose more of a threat to him and it was becoming hard for him move forward!

Tie Ruo Nan had become the greatest burden to him; she kept on struggling and Tie Ba Xiu had no choice but to knock her unconscious and run while carrying her in his arm.

“We are already close to the foot of the mountain, I just need to hold on for a while.” Tie Ba Xiu’s body was shaking and his vision was already a scene of blurriness.

“Is he really going to escape? Damn it!” Fang Yuan’s face was gloomy as he saw this from the air. He started making more ferocious and continuous attacks, his offense surging like a tidal wave.

As they were near San Cha mountain, Gu Masters started appearing the surroundings.

“There is a battle going on, it is little beast king!”

“Heavens, did I see wrong? The one being pursued seems to be ‘present age overlord’, a cornerstone of Tie clan, Tie Ba Xiu!”

“Little beast king is defying heaven, he is actually chasing the rank four upper stage Tie Ba Xiu!”

 …

The Gu Masters that saw the battle were all flabbergasted and incomparably shocked.

Some righteous Gu Masters felt their hearts go cold when they saw Tie Ba Xiu being chased, running away like a pathetic dog who fell into the water.

“Big brother Li Xian, why has little beast king still not appeared? We have been waiting here for such a long time, is your information reliable?” From a dark corner, Hu Mei Er looked at the purple light barrier in front of her and yawned in boredom.

In the light barrier formed by iron cabinet Gu, Bai Ning Bing was still trapped by the four old-timers of Tie clan.

“There is no problem with my information, let’s wait a bit more.” Li Xian said that but he muttered in his heart, ‘This should not be happening, I have already told the news of Tie clan’s reinforcements to him. How could he still restrain himself? Could it be, he is really going to leave Bai Ning Bing in the lurch?”

If little beast king really did not appear, such heartlessness made even Li Xian terrified when he thought of it. But if he came to rescue her, both sides would suffer, and the benefits in such a chaotic battlefield would be huge.

Just as the two were talking in whispers, they heard some clamor.

“What is going on?” Hu Mei Er puzzledly turned her head to look, but the moment she saw the sight, her puzzled expression quickly became sluggish and after a while, it turned into shock!

The person whom she had been painfully waiting for appeared and even appeared while ostentatiously flying in the air.

Wait a second…

The person that little beast king is chasing looks a bit familiar?

“Wha… what the f*ck, it is Tie Ba Xiu. The ‘present age overlord’ from Tie clan is being chased! So little beast king went to intercept the reinforcement!” Li Xian stared tongue-tied at this pursuit and could not help but curse.

At the same time as his realization, he felt extreme shock and bewilderment.

“Little beast king actually went to intercept the Tie clan reinforcement, how can he have such guts? Is he crazy! No, he is not crazy, he won the fight and is now chasing Tie Ba Xiu!”

Tie Ba Xiu was rank four upper stage but his battle prowess surpassed that level, even common rank four peak stage Gu Masters were not his match. Even on San Cha mountain, among the five rank four peak stage Gu Masters, only Yi Huo would be able to contend with this ‘present age overlord’.

However, right now, Tie Ba Xiu was actually being chased by little beast king and in such a sorry state.

“Oh god, am I hallucinating?” Someone grabbed his head and looked with an incredulous expression.

“This world is too crazy, it is changing so quickly…” Someone muttered with a dull expression in his eyes.

“Fortunately, I haven’t gone against little beast king!” Li Xian felt fortunate, but immediately felt fear, “No, I still need to be cautious when dealing with Fang Zheng, this guy cannot be assessed using common sense.”

“In such a short time, he advanced to rank four middle stage and is also able to fly?!” Hu Mei Er kept her hand over her heart, extremely shocked at this abnormal growth speed of Fang Yuan.

“Demonic path’s scoundrel!”

“Quick, we need to rescue them, that is Tie Ba Xiu!!”

Tie clan’s four old-timers also sensed the situation and immediately revoked iron cabinet Gu and hurried to rescue. As for the trapped Bai Ning Bing or whatever, they stopped caring.

But unfortunately, they were still late by a step.

“I was still a step too slow…” Tie Ba Xiu felt extremely bitter, his eyes were blurry, the pain from the wounds all over his body had already made him numb, and the heavy injuries had already increased so much that he was in a near death state now.

He protected Tie Ruo Nan all the way and did not let even one attack reach her.

“Such a pity that this little beast king did not come down to fight in close combat. Otherwise, I would have killed him!” Tie Ba Xiu felt very regretful, he had a trump card that he had not revealed. However, Fang Yuan acted cautiously the whole time, never flying down and only attacking from the air.

“Ba Xiu, hold on!”

“We are coming to reinforce you.”

The four old-timers of Tie clan shouted together and rushed over rapidly.

“Hahaha, you were just a step away, Tie Ba Xiu, you have failed!” Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly, a rock crocodile phantom fell down with an explosive sound, sending Tie Ba Xiu rolling on the ground.

Tie clan’s four old-timers were rushing over and were extremely near, but this small gap was like the distance between clouds and mud.

“It is over.” Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as he pointed and made the fatal attack.

“No, not yet. Iron cabinet Gu!” Tie Ba Xiu used his final remaining energy and placed his palm on Tie Ruo Nan’s back.

A square shaped iron cabinet quickly formed and tightly sealed Tie Ruo Nan.

Beast phantom attacked, ripping Tie Ba Xiu into pieces, but the iron cabinet was firm as ever and Tie Ruo Nan who was inside was unscathed.

At the crucial moment, Tie Ba Xiu gave his final chance of survival to Tie Ruo Nan.

“Ba Xiu!” Tie clan’s four old-timers howled in anger and grief, they reached the scene but were late by a step.

“Little beast king, our Tie clan will not rest till you die!” The four old-timers stared at Fang Yuan, wishing they could bite him to death.

“Eh? Is that so… I fought against seven Tie clansmen this time, six including Tie Ba Xiu lost their lives by my hands. You four old-timers also want to deal with me? Then fly over and fight me.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly, a dangerous look appeared in his eyes that made people avoid his gaze.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 364: Soaring Reputation! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Heavens, little beast king fought against seven, but actually won!”

“Even ‘present age overlord’ lost his life.”

“The number one rising star, he is this generation’s number one star of the demonic path!”

There was an uproar in the crowd, many discussed and whispered to each other.

Tie clan’s four old-timers released their aura and started attacking one after another. However, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and lightly evaded them, his nimbleness causings gasps of amazement in the crowd.

“You old-timers, I have still not settled the score with you for trapping me.” Bai Ning Bing slowly walked over with a grim expression. She casted a glance at Fang Yuan; her gaze hiding complex feelings.

In these days when she was trapped, Fang Yuan had grown so much!

Not only had his cultivation advanced to middle stage, he also held such skilled flying techniques. Looking at this control, Southern Border now had one more flying expert, how did he manage to accomplish all this?

Bai Ning Bing had once thought of training her flying skills. However, the matter regarding flying was too troublesome; the amount of practice needed was huge and at the same time, it was very time-consuming and needed a long period of grinding. The amount of energy spent was huge but would provide little results in a short period. Bai Ning Bing thus did not do it.

She had never expected Fang Yuan to be able to train his flying ability to such a level without any signs or words!

This was surpassing all common sense!

“Could it be that he had some mystical encounter in three kings inheritance?” Bai Ning Bing naturally considered this point.

In truth, there was no need for Fang Yuan to explain it, many people would connect his performance to three kings inheritance.

With Tie clan’s four old-timers revoking iron cabinet Gu, Bai Ning Bing was free.

Now, with the coordination of Fang and Bai, the situation had become extremely dangerous.

The four old-timers were on their guard, tightly protecting Tie Ruo Nan’s iron cabinet Gu in the center and guarding against Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.

Fang Yuan felt somewhat unresigned as he looked at the iron cabinet Gu.

Tie Ba Xiu had failed at the last moment while retreating. And Fang Yuan had also failed at last step while chasing them because he was not able to claim Tie Ruo Nan’s life. No doubt, she was a threat.

“But without Tie Ruo Nan, I could not have killed Tie Ba Xiu so easily. At this point, I can only let it go.” Fang Yuan revealed increasing killing intent on outside, but his battle intent was already dispersing.

He had been engaged in intense battle and the primeval essence in his aperture was already inadequate, while Tie clan’s four old-timers were in perfect condition.

At the same time, there were too many spectators, many wolves were preying in the dark and gain some benefits. Even Li Xian had such plans let alone others.

‘It is time to stop.’ Fang Yuan heaved a sigh inwardly before shouting in a clear voice, “Tie clan’s four old-timers, my partner killed one of your clansmen and you trapped her till now. I have killed six of your clansmen, how long will you trap me?”

Tie clan’s four old-timers’ eyes twitched when they heard this clear provocation.

“Little beast king, don’t go too far! You killed our Tie clansmen, killed Elder Ba Xiu and chased Tie clan’s young master; you are already our Tie clan’s sworn enemy. I hereby swear, I shall use the rest of my life and pay any price to capture you and throw you inside Demon Suppression Tower, and make sure you suffer endless torment and punishment!” The head of the four old-timers roared in anger.

Although he said so, he did not dare to act rashly.

The battle prowess little beast king revealed greatly shocked him. And if you add Bai Ning Bing on top of that…

“Hahaha, alright. Since it is so, then I shall also view Tie clan as my sworn enemy! From now on, as long as it is a Tie clansman, I will kill one if I see one and will kill two if I see two!” Fang Yuan laughed wildly before flapping his wings and leaving.

Under the disappointed gazes of many Gu Masters that had ulterior motives, he left of his own accord.

Bai Ning Bing also left.

The outcome of this battle spread over the whole San Cha mountain at lightning speed.

What kind of place was San Cha mountain at present?

It was a place where three kings inheritance appeared; a place which was paid attention to by countless clans, righteous path members and demonic path members.

Soon after that, the battle report of Fang Yuan taking on seven Tie clansmen by himself and killing Tie Ba Xiu was spread throughout the whole Southern Border.

Fang Yuan’s reputation soared!

 …

“This kid actually killed Tie Ba Xiu? Is this news reliable?”

In Yan clan, when young master Yan Jun heard this report from his subordinate, he almost did not dare to believe his ears.

Who was Tie Ba Xiu?

He had been famous for a long time and was known as the ‘present age overlord’. He possessed earth overlord Gu and had a fighting strength that surpassed normal rank four peak stage!

He was a cornerstone of Tie clan, one of the top clans, and was an expert who could take charge of a region by himself.

But he was actually chased and killed by little beast king Fang Zheng, a junior that only had rank four middle stage cultivation?

“This little beast king can surpass realms to battle and killed Tie Ba Xiu. Who in the world is he? I have never heard of him before.” Yan Jun asked with a frown.

His subordinate quickly reported: “Young master, you entered an Immemorial Era’s phantom path inheritance and was in closed cultivation for five years, not knowing about Fang Zheng is also normal. This person is only around twenty years old and is a genius rising star of the demonic path that only came to fame in the recent years…”

 …

“Little beast king Fang Zheng? The youngsters these days are really terrifying! The new waves are constantly replacing the old waves, while the old waves die by the shore. Tsk tsk…”

In a forest, Feng Tian Yu slowly walked forward while thinking of the news he had just received, mixed within his sighs was a trace of fiery passion.

“I heard the reason little beast king could grasp flying methods and grow up so quick was because he received some benefits from three kings inheritance! Three kings inheritance…”

Feng Tian Yu thought of this and felt a desire to immediately rush towards San Cha mountain.

He was a famous refinement path Gu Master in Southern Border. King Xin Inheritance perfectly matched him.

 …

“Fang Zheng actually fought against seven and killed six Tie clansmen including Tie Ba Xiu?!” As one of the five great experts of Shang clan, the moment Elder Yi Huo came out from inheritance, he received this incredulous news.

Tie Ba Xiu’s fighting strength was equal to his. Fang Yuan was able to kill Tie Ba Xiu, does that mean Fang Yuan could similarly kill him?

How could this be?

But the cold hard truth overruled all doubts and claims!

After Yi Huo found out even more details, he slowly came to an understanding: “So he has learnt flying and can use it in battle. No wonder he was able to fight against seven and kill Tie Ba Xiu…”

To Gu Masters, grasping flying methods and being able to use them in battle meant their fighting strength would soar qualitatively.

Humans were creatures that walked on ground and did not have wings. Even Ren Zu did not have ability to fly. Being able to fly by itself was a miracle in defiance of heaven.

If one could fly, then the encirclement tactics on the ground would possess almost no threat.

The wide sky would become the stage that allowed the flying Gu Masters to travel freely. They could attack and defend, advance and retreat; firmly grasping control of the battle.

There were famous flying Gu Masters in Southern Border; Fei You Wang, Lan Mei He and Hong Fei Yu. They were feared by people, battling with them was extremely troublesome and no one wished to make an enemy out of them.

Yi Huo had deep impression of flying Gu Masters.

Because there was a perfect example near him, that was Wei Yang.

Wei Yang was called light swordsman, he could evade as fast as light and quick as lightning. He was also a flying Gu Master!

His aptitude was inadequate and only had rank three peak stage cultivation, but he was able to become a major figure of Shang clan, one of the five experts and was equally famous as Yi Huo, a rank four peak stage Gu Master!

Once, Yi Huo had felt it was a disgrace to be listed together with Wei Yang in the five experts, thus he challenged him to a fight. The result was depressing for him, Wei Yang moved around the battlefield unobstructed, and he could simply do nothing to him!

“If we only look at flying speed, Wei Yang can be said to be the number one in Southern Border, little beast king cannot compare to him. Recently with clan leader’s help, Wei Yang has advanced to rank four…”

Yi Huo felt the pressure in his mind increasing by a layer as he thought of this.

The five great experts of Shang clan were not a united group, they each had their respective factions and were always contending against each other.

Yi Huo accepted the command to come to San Cha mountain in order to establish great merits and become a clansman of Shang clan, obtaining the resources within Shang clan’s living treasure door and advance one step to become a rank five Gu Master!

“Fang Yuan’s battle strength increased greatly with the ability to fly while that Tie Ba Xiu is weak at long range battle and was also concerned about Tie Ruo Nan, thus being killed by little beast king. If we talk of true battle prowess, Tie Ba Xiu surpasses little beast king. It is a pity I cannot recruit little beast king anymore!” Yi Huo felt extremely regretful when he understood this.

The battle prowess Fang Yuan displayed might not equal his, but with flying methods, Yi Huo also could not do anything to him.

Forcing little beast king simply would not work. Instead, it would ruin his reputation since Fang Yuan was Shang clan’s purple thorn esteemed guest.

Besides this, there was also another reason: Tie clan.

Little beast king had now serious offended Tie clan!

The losses to Tie clan were huge and they would certainly deal with little beast king, there was no room for compromising. Moreover, Fang Yuan proclaimed in an extremely arrogant tone in front of everyone that he would kill Tie clansmen if he saw them.

If Yi Huo really recruited little beast king, it would be equal to offending Tie clan.

Tie clan was also a top clan like Shang clan, a major party of the righteous path. At that time, Yi Huo would have to endure pressure from both Tie clan and Shang clan’s higher-ups.

 …

“Little beast king definitely grasped some secrets of the three kings inheritance! Otherwise, how could he suddenly gain such profound flying techniques?!” Li Xian was sitting on his seat, his eyes narrowed to a slit, sharp light flickering endlessly inside them.

He had all the details regarding Fang Yuan. However, Fang Yuan suddenly grasping flying methods was simply inconceivable and broke all common sense.

“Even if he bitterly trained in Shang clan city, it is not possible that there were not even a single trace of information about it. Also, he was only there for a few years, how could he have such such a powerful flying tool? Could it be…” Hu Mei Er also pondered from the side.

“Three kings inheritance!” A ray of divine light seemed to pass through his mind and caused Li Xian to blurt out.

In a split second —

The matter about little beast king earning huge profits at Shang clan city by relying on information about three kings inheritance…

The matter of him intentionally delaying the rescue of Bai Ning Bing and entering three kings inheritance…

And also all of the battle gains he brought out from the inheritance each time…

All these events converged in Li Xian’s mind and formed a clear clue — little beast king definitely held some secrets about the three kings inheritance. The time flow inside three kings inheritance was different from the outside world, it was a Gu Immortal blessed land! The reason he could grasp flying methods was definitely due to three kings inheritance!

“That must be it, Fang Zheng holds the secrets of three kings inheritance!” Hu Mei Er also came to a realization. Her thought of charming Fang Yuan and making him become her sexual slave suddenly became even more appealing.

Fang Yuan had his previous life memories and naturally grasped the secrets of three kings inheritance. In this secret discussion, Li Xian and Hu Mei Er had accidentally speculated the truth.

“The problem is since we know this, how do we obtain even more benefits? Little beast king has already grown and even Tie Ba Xiu fell by his hands, he is not someone we can go against.” Li Xian clicked his tongue as his thoughts moved rapidly.

“We cannot, but it doesn’t mean others cannot. Humans can be instigated, hehehe.” Hu Mei Er laughed coquettishly.

“Are you saying we should leak this information?” Li Xian slightly pondered over it before suddenly slapping his thigh, “Excellent plan, it is an excellent plan!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 365: Hu Immortal Blessed Land opens 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Back at Shang Liang mountain, Fang Yuan could only be said to have made small name for himself. But after the battle with Tie Ba Xiu, his name spread throughout the Southern Border and truly rose up to fame, becoming a famous demonic path genius.

This news attracted attention from countless people.

Some were experts who had been in closed cultivation for many years while some were Gu Masters who were roaming the world. He faced both righteous path’s attention and demonic path’s coveting. Fang Yuan had truly charged into their sights.

Some people chose to retreat temporarily like Century Boy. Some like Li Xian and Hu Mei Er were adding fuel to the fire. And some people’s battle intent were stimulated and they directly expressed their intent to challenge.

At once, the winds rose and the clouds began to gather, countless waves moved towards Fang Yuan.

San Cha mountain.

In a certain cave.

Fang and Bai were sitting cross-legged. Fang Yuan’s palms were placed on Bai Ning Bing’s back as he transferred his primeval essence.

In Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, essence gold primeval essence fell down into her primeval sea like a waterfall, causing many waves.

The waves surged continuously in the primeval sea and constantly cleansed the aperture walls.

Fang Yuan was rank four middle stage and possessed bright golden primeval essence. But with nine eyes liquor worm, his primeval essence was purified into essence gold primeval essence. Right now, he was pouring his primeval essence into Bai Ning Bing’s aperture through bone flesh unity Gu and helped her nourish and strengthen her aperture.

Several hours later, Fang Yuan retracted his palms while Bai Ning Bing slowly opened her eyes.

Her expression was tranquil.

She did not show a trace of gratitude to Fang Yuan for rescuing her, and also did not show a trace of anger for his procrastination.

She was very tranquil as if she had never even been trapped.

However, in the depths of her heart, she felt extremely complicated.

For a long time now, she had been above Fang Yuan in terms of cultivation. But right now, she had instead become the beneficiary of bone flesh unity Gu.

Essence gold primeval essence gave her huge assistance. After all, she was still at rank four initial stage.

“It seems cultivating together with Fang Yuan isn’t so bad…” The moment this thought appeared, Bai Ning Bing extinguished it in a flash.

She slowly stood up and spoke with coldness in her voice like she was taking joy in Fang Yuan’s misfortune: “Have you heard of the recent rumors? Many people are saying you hold the great secret of three kings inheritance. You did not know any flying methods before but received it from three kings inheritance. Hehe, you need to watch out. Tie clan is furious and has publicly proclaimed you as their enemy, their arrest warrant for you has already spread over the Southern Border.”

Fang Yuan indifferently replied while remaining seated: “Hehe, is there anyone who doesn’t know about our relationship? Since Tie clan is coming after me, you will also be on the hit list.”

“Hmph. Continue your cultivation till midnight, I will stay guard for you. After midnight, we shall switch.” Saying so, Bai Ning Bing walked out.

The current situation, compared to when they had just arrived at San Cha mountain, was much more dangerous. Fang and Bai did their best to cultivate at different times.

In the depths of the cave, Fang Yuan remained alone.

He did not hurriedly cultivate but rather sank into contemplation.

Tie clan’s response was already within his expectations. He killed an elder of Tie clan and also chased their young master; already ruthlessly infringing their bottomline. Tie clan was a top clan, one of the leaders of righteous path, how could they put up with this? Their retaliation would definitely be extremely fierce!

Besides Tie clan, there were also other problems.

Shang clan, Wu clan and others in the righteous path; Hu Mei Er, Li Xian, Century Boy and others in the demonic path.

This was the price for becoming famous!

Fang Yuan made his name from the battle, but it also pushed him towards the eye of the storm and was now watched by countless people. There were undercurrents and probings from all sides, there were even waves that wanted to submerge him, already having converged into a huge whirlpool.

With his previous life’s experience Fang Yuan knew he was facing a test.

If he could escape from this whirlpool, resist the assault of the waves, then he would truly gain a foothold and become a publicly recognized expert of Southern Border.

But if he was swallowed and shredded by this whirlpool, there was no need to mention anything.

“Now, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng should have already repeatedly infiltrated Demon Suppression Tower and caused a great havoc, Tie clan should already be under huge pressure. If they want to gather their energy to deal with me, it won’t be a matter of a month or two. I can forget about them for now.”

“The rumors outside claiming that I hold the great secret should be Li Xian and Hu Mei Er’s doing. Hmph, I will deal with these two sooner or later. It is just that Li Xian still has a lot of value currently. And behind Hu Mei Er stands rank six Gu Immortal, I need to plan this carefully.”

“Three kings inheritance is a really big cake, I have no way of eating it whole. I can only choose the best parts of it. If I can obtain the essence of the inheritance, like undefeated hundred battles Gu and others, this trip would be a success. My strength will have an enormous boost and it would be extremely helpful in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain.”

Thoughts whirled in Fang Yuan’s mind before he dispersed them and thought of Central Continent.

“Calculating the time, Hu Immortal Inheritance on Tian Ti mountain should have opened. This is a true Gu Immortal blessed land and is many times more precious than three kings inheritance. That Feng Jin Huang became a Gu Immortal all due to this inheritance and became a figure whose name would shake the world in the future…”

Meanwhile in Central Continent, at the foot of Tian Ti mountain.

The elite disciples that came from the ten great sects of Central Continent gathered together.

In the crowd, the real Gu Yue Fang Zheng softly let out a breath of turbid air, the great competition that lasted for months was finally over.

Several months ago, the ten great sects sent an order at the same time to organize a great competition for these elite disciples to determine the rankings.

Central Continent’s ten sects contained the strongest inheritances. This generation of elite disciples were all dragons among men, children of heaven. Even the worst disciples among them had one or two trump cards.

Because of Fairy Bi Xia, Gu Yue Fang Zheng did not have an easy time.

In the great competition, many of his opponents showed deep hostility and made heavy-handed attacks. Fortunately, Fang Zheng had deep foundation, possessing an ironbeak flying crane group and also had the guidance of Lord Sky Crane who was inside the spirit incubating flea; these allowed him to struggle through each round and obtain a rather high ranking.

Right now, in the sky of Tian Ti mountain, ten formless Gu Immortal divine consciousness were quietly communicating.

“This generation of elite disciples are also ordinary in general. But there are finally some excellent juniors.”

“Hmm… Spirit Butterfly Valley’s Xiao Qi Xing is pretty good. If I am not wrong, he should be the great-grandson of Xiao Bai Hong, right?”

“Myriad Dragon Dock’s Ying Sheng Ji is also very outstanding, Long Nǚ has taught him well.”

“Hehehe, you are too kind. Your granddaughter Feng Jin Huang is the truly outstanding one, none of her peers can match her attack.”

“Are you all going to keep on flattering each other? Let’s cooperate and completely open this Hu Immortal Inheritance!”

“Alright, alright.”

“Then let’s strike together.”

“Rise!”

Ten formless powers surged out from the void, majestic and boundless like tsunami or mountain torrent!

The world changed, wind rose and clouds rumbled.

The ten powers revolved around each other before converging together and colliding against a certain place on Tian Ti mountain.

There was no sound, the terrifying formless power vanished like thin air. Golden rays of light blossomed and a vermillion gatehouse slowly rose up.

The gatehouse was a hundred feet tall with a nine colored plaque on it shining brilliantly.

In the air, pink propitious clouds gathered and bright rays of sunlight gathered to become a flight of stairs.

The stairs stretched out from the gatehouse and became a rainbow bridge, landing exactly before the group of elite disciples.

“Enter according to the ranking of the competition.” An ethereal voice came from the air and clearly resounded in the ten sects’ disciples’ ears.

This was the voice of a Gu Immortal.

All kinds of expressions appeared on the ten sects’ disciples’ faces; awe, reverence, zealotry and so on. Most of their gazes gathered on a girl.

She was wearing a phoenix coronet, had slanted eyes, her golden brows were thin and long and there was was a small red birthmark in the middle of her brows. Her appearance was dignified and graceful, and her beauty was unrivalled.

She was the winner of the first place in this great competition – Feng Jin Huang!

This girl was magnificent and brilliant, her skin was like snow and her eyes were like lightning. Like the phoenix that soared through the skies, she was elegant and pure, arrogantly looking at the world. When compared to her, the elite disciples around her seemed to have turned into ordinary sparrows.

Fang Zheng had fought with her, but was defeated in just six moves.

Hearing the Gu Immortal’s voice, Feng Jin Huang gave a clear whistle and turned into a golden light, shooting forward.

The golden light became a phoenix and collided into the gatehouse; the vermillion gatehouse shook and opened a void that swallowed Feng Jin Huang.

After Feng Jin Huang, Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji and others entered Hu Immortal Inheritance one after another.

After twenty to thirty disciples entered, it was Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s turn.

Fang Zheng walked through the rainbow bridge and entered the gatehouse. He immediately felt dizzy, colors rotated around to form a whirlpool in front of him, dazzling like the blossoming of all sorts of flowers; he felt like he was drifting in a gorgeous hurricane storm.

“Heeheehee…” A cute and young girl suddenly appeared in his sight.

“You are also another fated person that wants to inherit Hu Immortal Inheritance? In a moment, you will see a mountain. Only the first person that ascends to the peak can obtain me. You need to work hard. Those people that entered before you have already taken a huge lead. Heeheehee…” The girl was wearing rainbow colored clothes, on her back was a snow white fox tail that was moving mischievously, she had large and round eyes that showed her innocence.

“You, who are you?” Fang Zheng was startled and puzzled, he was unable to make sense of this Gu Immortal’s place, how could a girl appear here.

“Heehee, so it is a stupid boy.” The girl said and mischievously extended her tender and fair little finger, and softly touched Fang Zheng’s forehead.

Then, just like how she had appeared, she suddenly disappeared.

From this slight touch, Fang Zheng’s body that had been light as a feather recovered its weight and suddenly started falling down.

“Aahhh!” A strong feeling of weightlessness spread over Fang Zheng, and he subconsciously screamed.

He wanted to activate his Gu worms, but to his horror, his whole aperture was locked in by a formless force, making him unable to use the powers of Gu.

“Could it be that I, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, am going to die at this place, dying by falling, having such an absurd death?!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 366: Land Spirit 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Thud.

A dull sound echoed with dust flying everywhere.

Fang Zheng fell flat on his face on the ground.

Although he fell from a high altitude, it was only for a short time before he landed, thus he survived.

“Spit spit spit!” Fang Zheng sprawled on the ground and spitted grass and mud out of his mouth, a sore pain spreading throughout his body as he felt stifled.

“Where is this?” He took slow, deep breaths and stood up awkwardly before looking at his surroundings.

It was a scenery of green, Fang Zheng felt like he was in a grassland. The grass rustled with the light wind and countless flowers of all colors formed a tapestry that spread to the horizon.

Far away, there was a tall and precipitous crystal mountain.

The crystal mountain was half-translucent and was pink like a scene from dreams.

From his position, Fang Zheng could clearly see human silhouettes climbing the mountain. Compared the the crystal mountain, these figures were very small like ants.

“The first person to ascend to the peak will obtain Hu Immortal Inheritance!” Suddenly, Fang Zheng recalled the mysterious girl’s words.

Who was that mysterious little girl?

Could they really inherit Hu Immortal Inheritance by climbing this mountain?

While Fang Zheng was indulging in his doubts, Lord Sky Crane’s anxious voice appeared from inside him: “Stupid disciple, what are you still hesitating for? Quickly go climb that Dang Hun mountain!”

“Master!” Fang Zheng was both startled and happy, “Who was that little girl? And, why can’t I use any Gu?”

“Get a move on already, grasp every second. I will explain to you, listen properly!” Lord Sky Crane hurriedly explained —

“Hu Immortal Inheritance is not a small matter, it is an intact Gu Immortal Inheritance. There can only be one inheritor, whoever obtains it will soar to the top and will have a huge chance to become an immortal. As for the others, they will obtain no benefits or rewards. The little girl you saw just before is the Hu Immortal Inheritance. As long as you ascend to the peak first, you will become her master and obtain the Gu Immortal Inheritance.”

Fang Zheng ran while gazing at the peak.

He had lived in Southern Border and there were many mountains there, he naturally knew the logic of the mountain ‘appearing close but was actually very far away’.

“Master, I am very far away from this crystal mountain while they are already climbing it. The gap is too huge. I also cannot use movement Gu, how can I win?”

Lord Sky Crane snorted: “Ignorant! This is Hu Immortal blessed land, this place is not like anything else! Although Hu Immortal has already passed away, her will still exists. Your movement Gu has already been sealed by Hu Immortal’s will, naturally you can’t use it. Others are also the same, they can’t use any Gu. You can only rely on your own physical strength to ascend to the peak and finish this test.”

Fang Zheng could not help being dispirited: “I can’t use movement Gu and there is such a huge gap, how can I catch up to them? Strange, we entered the gatehouse one after another, how could the gap be so huge?”

Lord Sky Crane laughed: “This is a Gu Immortal blessed land, the time flow here is different. A day in the outside world is five days here. You guys entered the gatehouse one by one and the time difference was short. But once you enter here, the time difference is suddenly pulled apart. Otherwise, why would there be the great competition to decide the ranking? Each rank represents a certain advantage. The last ranked person basically doesn’t have any hope to win.”

“So it was like that.” Fang Zheng only then realized the importance of obtaining a good ranking in the great competition.

Unfortunately, he lacked power and his strength could not compare to others.

The ten great sects were the heads of Central Continent, they had a lot of hidden talents with extremely profound foundations. Even Southern Border’s top clans could not compare to them. In this generation of elite disciples, disciples like Fang Zheng, Fairy Bi Xia, Gu Ting and Wei Wu Shang were only second tier.

The first tier were disciples like Feng Jin Huang, Ying Sheng Ji and Xiao Qi Xing. They had powerful background and the support of Gu Immortals. From the very start, they received meticulous nurturing. A huge amount of resources were provided to them, with them never lacking anything, and occasionally, Gu Immortal level existences would personally instruct and guide them in their cultivation.

Comparatively speaking, Fang Zheng was only a countryside boy. Although he had some fortuitous encounters, they could not compare to the support of Gu Immortals.

“My ranking is not high, I can’t do anything about. I already given my best in the great competition, almost all of my ironbeak flying cranes have died.” Fang Zheng felt regret and also helplessness.

As he kept on thinking, he suddenly felt something amiss.

“Master, since Gu worms cannot be used here, how come you are able to talk to me? Master, you still had this secret, you are really amazing!”

“Hahaha…” Lord Sky Crane could not help but laugh loudly, “Stupid disciple, you finally realized this? But you are overestimating your master. I was only a rank five while alive and after death, my soul is residing in the spirit incubating flea, I have nothing left. The reason I can talk to you is because of our Immortal Crane Sect’s Supreme Elder Lord He Feng Yang! Fang Zheng, you need to remember, in this world, only Gu Immortals can contend with Gu Immortals.”

“Supreme Elder He Feng Yang?” Fang Zheng was filled with shock, Immortal Crane Sect had many Gu Immortals. Among them was He Feng Yang, to think he would be somewhat involved with him.

Lord Sky Crane meaningfully said: “Fang Zheng, Hu Immortal Inheritance is not a small matter, it has a land spirit. That is to say, this blessed land has its own will! Even a Gu Immortal can’t get through force. Land spirits are innocent and stubborn, inheriting their original master’s obsession. If a Gu Immortal forcefully attacks, even if the land spirit can’t resist it, it could choose to self-destruct and destroy the blessed land. The Gu Master that made the forceful attack would also suffer injuries in vain and would have disastrous losses, and all their efforts would become futile. Thus, they sent you elite disciples.”

“In this great competition, Feng Jin Huang from Spirit Affinity House is truly amazing! This girl could be said to be a genius among geniuses, arrogantly looking down at the crowd, a phoenix among people. Your strength is inadequate and it is normal for you to be defeated by her. But our Immortal Crane Sect has not necessarily lost. You are our Immortal Crane Sect’s hope for reversal!”

“Me?” Fang Zheng could not help opening his eyes wide as he had never expected there to be such a huge hope entrusted to him.

He suddenly realized.

This contest for Hu Immortal Inheritance looked like a contest among the elite disciples of the ten sects, but actually was the battle between the ten great sects. Disciples like him were the chess pieces while the Gu Immortals of the ten sects were the players; they arranged the pieces from behind the scenes and contested against each other.

And he himself was the ignorant secret weapon chosen by the Immortal Crane Sect.

“Master, isn’t the sect having too much expectations for me? I can’t use any Gu now, how can I be the winner?”

“Hehehe…” Lord Sky Crane proudly laughed, “Fang Zheng, do you know what this crystal mountain is? This is the Dang Hun mountain in the legends of Ren Zu.

“Dang Hun mountain!” Fang Zheng gave a startled cry.

Legends of Ren Zu had spread over the world, Fang Zheng naturally knew of this famous Dang Hun mountain.

Lord Sky Crane continued: “As long as any living creatures enter the range of Dang Hun mountain, their soul would receive a shock. The closer they get to the peak, the stronger the force of the shock would be. Many living beings don’t have strong souls and their soul would often scatter when they reach halfway up the mountain.”

“Naturally, this is a righteous path inheritance and isn’t as dangerous as a demonic path inheritance. Dang Hun mountain’s might has already been suppressed by the land spirit, giving you elite disciples a chance of ascending to the peak. If someone is unable to continue, they would be sent out by the land spirit. That is to say, there is no risk to your lives.”

Lord Sky Crane’s tone became solemn: “Fang Zheng, the thing I am about to say is very important, listen carefully!”

“You experienced the destruction of your entire clan at a young age and the killer was your own big brother. You are determined to take revenge and your will is firm. Surviving this terrible event had tempered your soul to become stronger than your peers. But there is still a gap when compared to people like Feng Jin Huang and Xiao Qi Xing.”

“But you don’t need to be dejected, the ingenuity of Lord He Feng Yang’s plan lies here. He used secret methods to resuscitate Spirit Incubating Flea. Next, I will use my soul to support you and push you towards the peak of Dang Hun mountain!”

Lord Sky Crane was a rank five Gu Master, he had gone through innumerable difficulties throughout his life and at the same time with his long age, he had gained plentiful experience and the strength of his soul naturally far surpassed the disciples like Feng Jin Huang and Xiao Qi Xing.

These geniuses might be at their prime with limitless future prospects, but right now, the foundation of their soul could not compare to Lord Sky Crane.

Fang Zheng was both happy and worried: “With master’s help, I have a chance at winning. But if we cheat like this, won’t it be unfair? If other Gu Immortals discover it, what would we do?”

Lord Sky Crane snorted and reprimanded: “Stupid kid, this is not cheating but ability and talent. We are obtaining the Gu Immortal Inheritance with our ability and talent. This is fair! Don’t worry, behind you is Immortal Crane Sect, and with Lord He Feng Yang protecting you, other Gu Immortals won’t act against you. Moreover, Gu Immortals can’t enter the blessed land. If they enter the blessed land, they will suffer the counterattack from the land spirit, thus even if they discover some clues, they can only watch helplessly! Hahaha!”

“The land spirit is so amazing? Even Gu Immortals are not its match?” Fang Yuan felt surprised.

“One side will go all out while the other side has to restrain themselves… Moreover, land spirit has blended in with the blessed land, and in the blessed land, land spirit is an immortal deity able to control the whole blessed land. Controlling the land spirit means controlling the blessed land.” Lord Sky Crane laughed.

Realization dawned upon Fang Zheng: “Ah! I understand, that little girl we saw is the land spirit!”

“Hahaha!” Lord Sky Crane laughed, “Disciple, you aren’t so stupid after all, finally realizing it. That’s right, that little girl is Hu Immortal land spirit. Now charge forward bravely. This Dang Hun mountain is extremely difficult to climb, it would at least take a year or so. Just in case, I won’t speak much from now and will only secretly help you. With my help, you have at least eighty percent chance of seizing Hu Immortal Inheritance! As long as you get the Hu Immortal Inheritance, you can rise rapidly, turning from beggar to tycoon and become fat from just one bite. This is ascending to the heavens in one step!”

“I understand, master! I will do my very best and not disappoint you!” Fang Zheng’s fierce eyes flashed with a firm and courageous light.

“Go, the whole Immortal Crane Sect is looking at you.” Lord Sky Crane spurred Fang Zheng on with one sentence and made his blood boil.

Fang Zheng felt extremely energetic!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 367: It is not easy to be a godfather these days 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Several months later.

Southern Border, San Cha mountain.

In a spacious cave lighted with bright lights, a huge banquet was being held where Gu Masters drank and gambled, and fragrance of various dishes permeated the air.

“Come, come, come, everyone, eat and drink to your fill, no need to feel uncomfortable!” Century Boy was sitting on the main seat; he looked around and greeted everyone with a loud voice.

Century Boy was wearing a black robe and looked like a tender boy but was actually over hundred and eighty years old.

In this world, under normal circumstances, a human’s lifespan was only around a hundred years. If one wanted to increase their lifespan, the best method was to find lifespan Gu.

However, lifespan Gu were extremely rare and thus difficult to find.

Humans were the spirit of all living beings, who would mind having a long life? Thus, they thought of many other methods.

Century Boy was one such example, although he did not find lifespan Gu, he possessed return to childhood Gu, which accumulated his lifeforce and slowly released them, gaining the effect of longevity.

The disadvantage of this method was his body and appearance were fixed to have a child’s physique.

Century Boy had rank four upper stage cultivation and at the same time possessed over a hundred and eighty years of experience, he was truly a part of the senior generation of demonic path.

He had become astute with age and had visited a lot of places. He liked holding feasts and entertaining all kinds of people. Sometimes, he also gave pointers to some newcomers and imparted some of his experience. In the demonic path, he had the reputation of guiding the younger generation.

Some demonic Gu Masters who received his pointers recognized him as their godfather. As time passed, Century Boy had gathered a whole group of godsons and goddaughters, forming a rather enormous force.

Among those participating in the banquet today, many were his godsons and goddaughters. There were also distinguished guests like Rock Lizard Li Qiang and Fiery Star Bao Tong; they were all famous demonic path figures and could not be underestimated.

“Shang clan’s Yi Huo is truly powerful, he suppressed the other four rank four peak stage experts. Currently on San Cha mountain, no one wants to fight him.”

“Gu refinement grandmaster Feng Tian Yu has arrived and has agreed to refine Gu for Yi Huo. I am not sure what Gu he is refining but Yi Huo’s fighting strength is sure to become more powerful.”

In the banquet, the most talked discussion was naturally about the current situation of San Cha mountain.

Yi Huo came from Shang clan and represented the righteous path. His power and influence was huge, suppressing all the demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain; they could not even fight properly as they were fearful.

“Yi Huo might be strong, but he is only rank four peak stage. If Tie Ba Xiu was still alive, he could definitely contend with him and Yi Huo would not have been in such a bright limelight like now.”

The moment Tie Ba Xiu was mentioned, everyone inevitably thought of Fang Yuan.

“A few days ago, Little Beast King killed Yu Cang; this is the fourth strength path Gu Master he has killed in just this month.” Someone whispered.

Yu Cang was a strength path Gu Master and was from Yu clan which was a small-middle sized clan.

Ever since Fang Yuan killed Tie Ba Xiu, his momentum increased tremendously and he looked for trouble again and again, killing both demonic path and righteous path Gu Masters. This awe-inspiring fierce and brutal name shook San Cha mountain.

Century Boy’s ears twitched, and his expression turned unsightly when his keen sense heard ‘little beast king’.

Fang Yuan killed Sky Tiger Xue San Si who was his goddaughter. He had been proclaiming he would find trouble with Fang Yuan. However, after Fang Yuan killed Tie Ba Xiu, he immediately gave in and did not talk of Fang Yuan again.

“Hmph! Little Beast King might be strong, but it is because of three kings inheritance. He knows many secrets regarding the inheritance and thus every time he enters the inheritance, his gains are much more than ours. Li Xian, you have made deals with him and know much more about his situation. Is this not the case?” Rock Lizard Li Qiang suddenly spoke loudly.

Li Xian nodded: “Indeed it is so. In these few months, Little Beast King has sold some of the secrets of three kings inheritance many times. The information he gave is mostly correct and has been verified. For example, you can disturb hairy men’s Gu refinement process in the earlier stages of King Xin Inheritance. There are also some of his experiences regarding King Quan Inheritance.”

“Little Beast King definitely knows much more important secrets and is hiding them deep in his heart. His luck has come, he really made it big this time, his strength has been increasing by relying on three kings inheritance. Now, he is one of the most popular candidates to inherit three kings inheritance!” Fiery Star Bao Tong said as he drank wine, his tone filled with admiration and envy.

“Fang Zheng is getting stronger and he has replaced his Gu worms to much better ones as well.”

“In these few months, he and Bai Ning Bing has been moving together, they are simply a pair of wretched murderous couple! These two are villains colluding together, who knows how many have suffered from their treacherous attacks.”

“Little Beast King has extremely big ambitions, from the time he arrived at San Cha mountain to now, he has repeatedly challenged strength path Gu Masters. Recently, he has again claimed to become the number one in strength path and recover the glory of the ancient strength path.”

“Fortunately, I am not a strength path Gu Master….”

Everyone discussed and commented.

Fang Yuan only took the initiative to fight strength path Gu Masters, this caused strength path Gu Masters to be in danger, while Gu Masters of other paths watched on from the side with an attitude of taking joy in others’ misfortune.

Although Fang Yuan’s actions were unbridled, he did not provoke public anger.

On one hand, he was powerful and could also fly; truly not an easy enemy. On another hand, he took the initiative to reveal many information on three kings inheritance which caused many people to fawn upon him. Finally, he only went against strength path Gu Masters, only dealing with people of the same path, and did not blindly provoke other Gu Masters.

“Century Boy, you need to be careful. From what I remember, you are also a strength path Gu Master, right? Fang Zheng, that brute is mean and devious, and completely unreasonable, cruel and tyrannical.” Rock Lizard Li Qiang stared deeply at Century Boy, seemingly persuading him with good intentions.

Century Boy sighed inwardly.

How could he have imagined Fang Yuan to be so violent!

“Sigh, each generation brings forth new geniuses… Nowadays, newcomers are appearing in flocks; a few years ago, there was Mo Wu Tian and now Little Beast King has appeared. This world is becoming increasingly tough, it is not easy to even be a godfather.”

Century Boy thought like that inwardly, but on the surface he was still tough: “Hmph! When heavens want someone dead, it will first make them mad and violent. This Little Beast King is become madder and more violent, he is not far from reaching death’s door. He killed my goddaughter Xue San Si, I will take revenge sooner or later. But there is no need to hurry, wait till three kings inheritance is over and I will slowly settle the scores with him. The important matter is three kings inheritance.”

Saying so, he reminded his godsons and goddaughters present in the banquet: “You guys also need to understand the logic of important things first. Three kings inheritance is an opportunity that seldom appears in a hundred years. You need to grasp it as much as possible or else you will regret it for your lifetime.”

What he meant was: You guys better avoid any conflicts with Little Beast King.

“Godfather is right.”

“Godfather’s words are reasonable and thought-provoking. Revenge is a dish best served cold!”

“This Little Beast King won’t be able to keep bouncing for long, he killed Tie Ba Xue and chased Tie clan’s young master. We will talk after he is hunted down by Tie clan.”

“I heard people saying Tie clansmen have already secretly arrived at San Cha mountain…”

“Godfather, wait till my cultivation reaches rank four, there won’t be a need for godfather to make a move, I will be able to deal with Little Beast King!”

“Little Beast King won’t remain proud for long, under my thunderclap Gu, there won’t even be a corpse left of him!”

 …

These goddaughters and godsons talked one after another; some expressed great loyalty and said they would go through any difficulties for Century Boy. Some even fawned saying it was not worth for Century Boy to deal with Fang Yuan. Some judged the situation and bluntly said Fang Yuan’s joy would not last long.

“Alright, alright, you are my godchildren. It was not in vain for me to have guided you!” Century Boy laughed loudly.

Right at this time, a voice suddenly came in from outside the cave.

“Century Boy, I am Fang Zheng, get out!”

The merrymaking just before, the clamorous banquet suddenly turned into deathly quietness.

Little Beast King!

How could he come find trouble here?!

Everyone’s eyes opened wide and looked at each other in shock.

This was especially the case with Century Boy and his godsons and goddaughters; they were all stupefied and did not know what to do, not daring to utter a word.

“Right, this is Little Beast King’s voice, it seems he really came.” Li Xian held back his smile and broke the silence.

Rock Lizard Li Qiang, Fiery Star Bao Tong and others all put their wine cups down with grave expressions.

Crash! Century Boy smashed his wine cup on the table, then he gritted his teeth and shouted to the outside: “Little Beast King, I am here, what can I do for you?”

Fang Yuan’s voice immediately came from outside the cave: “Hmph, Century Boy, you held such a huge banquet and invited all the heroes, but you actually didn’t invite me? Are you looking down on me? You don’t need to apologize, it is already too late for apologies. Since you are also a strength path Gu Master, then come out and exchange moves with me.”

When Century Boy heard this, he was startled, indignant and furious.

Fang Yuan’s appearance made him startled. Fang Yuan’s brashness made him indignant. And Fang Yuan’s such words that made it seem like Century Boy was really going to apologize made him angry.

However, Century Boy did not want to fight to the death with Fang Yuan. He looked around and shouted with a furious tone: “Little Beast King, don’t be too insolent! You came here to find trouble and have no consideration for anyone, you are simply looking down on all the numerous heroes here. I will tell you honestly, Lord Rock Lizard Li Qiang is here, there is also Lord Fiery Star Bao Tong and also young master Li Xian who is an emerging talent of the demonic path. Are you here to court death?”

With these words, everyone in the banquet had different expressions, inwardly cursing this treacherous Century Boy who wanted to pull them down with him.

However, Fang Yuan said: “Century Boy, you coward, the people you have invited are all heroes, but I can clearly tell you that I came to find trouble. But not with others, I came to find trouble especially with you! I want to recover the glory and the radiance of the ancient strength path. You are a puny coward who is damaging the name of the strength path, come out and accept your death.”

Li Qiang’s grave expression immediately relaxed at these words.

Fang Yuan explained his purpose for coming clearly, it was directed at Century Boy and this let his mind slightly relax.

“I did not think Lord Little Beast King knew our names.” Bao Tong stroked his beard with a satisfied expression.

Li Xian laughed darkly and looked at Century Boy with every intention to watch indifferently from the sidelines.

Century Boy had become astute with age, his expression immediately sunk when he saw everyone’s expressions.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 368: Tearing the boy apart 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

As Fang Yuan scolded over there, Century Boy’s chest was burning with anger, thinking: “Although little beast king is strong, the reason he killed Tie Ba Xiu was due to the flying ability’s advantage. He is so young, I have eaten more salt than he has eaten rice , as long as I focus on defense, and not act recklessly, I will not be in any mortal danger.”

Being in public, Century Boy could only forcefully keep up a facade. If he avoided battle here, the reputation and fame he worked hard to earn for many years would be ruined at once.

“But if I really cannot take it, I can still escape back to the cave. There are so many people here at the banquet, Fang Zheng would not dare to barge in. But what truly angers me is, what these people said earlier were nice words, but at the crucial moment, none of them are dependable!”

Century Boy stared at his godson and goddaughters, feeling upset and disappointed.

Speaking of which, among these godsons and daughters of his, only Xue San Si had the highest cultivation, and was the most outstanding among them, but Fang Yuan killed her already.

“Little beast king, you are too arrogant and overbearing, today I will let you learn that older people are wiser!” Century Boy walked out of the cave, screaming furiously at Fang Yuan.

He looked like a child, but his tone was old and experienced, it was a weird sight.

“Cut the crap, receive my move!” Fang Yuan saw Century Boy walk out and laughed coldly, taking a huge step forward, like a tiger descending the mountain, charging forward with a burst of wind.

All-out effort Gu!

At once, beast phantoms appeared and caused Fang Yuan’s strength to increase sharply.

Bam bam bam…

Sounds of punches and kicks were heavy and continuously.

Outside the cave, two strength path Gu Masters tangled together. They were close range fighters, every attack hit the target as they competed with brute force.

After a while, they had battled over a hundred steps away, everywhere they rampaged through, mountain rocks broke, trees toppled, dust and twigs flew in the air.

The Gu Masters in the banquet had left the cave, watching the battle.

Bitter strength Gu!

Fang Yuan gave up on defending, the more injured he got, the more strength he could exert.

Moo!

Suddenly, there was the sound of a bullcry as a large green bull phantom appeared above his head.

This green bull has a huge body, twice the size of an elephant, its back was raised highly, thick and solid, and full of green moss.

This was the mutated beast kunlun 1 bull, having the same status as Biao, dragon-elephant, thunder boar and rock crocodile!

Fang Yuan exerted the strength of a kunlun bull!

This strike was heavy, as the air exploded, emitting a thunderous roar.

Century Boy was unable to guard in time, sent flying as his tiny body was like a ball, crashing through more than ten trees before stopping.

He coughed out a mouthful of blood, staring fiercely at Fang Yuan.

To think it is the kunlun bull strength, little beast king’s strength rose again!

“Century Boy, I killed your goddaughter Xue San Si, didn’t you want revenge? Today, I will give you the chance.” Fang Yuan smiled mockingly, charging again.

“Little beast king, you are too arrogant, watch this!” Century Boy was red with anger, white smoke coming out of his eyebrows.

He received Fang Yuan’s attack but did not counterattack.

Century Boy was a demonic figure who had lived for over two hundred years, he had his abilities, and many trump cards.

When he truly unleashed his strength, Fang Yuan started to feel pressured, on the verge of falling into a disadvantage.

Strength Qi Gu!

Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s shoulder shrugged, and a trace of strength qi shot out.

Thunder boar phantom entered the strength qi and turned solid, charging towards Century Boy.

Century Boy could only avoid the attack, as Fang Yuan starting attacking furiously behind the thunder boar. Century Boy’s counterattack vanished like smoke.

Fang Yuan’s battle experience became more and more rich, and his mastery of this set of Gu worm rose.

Before, he could not use strength qi Gu while attacking at close range, but now after tens of matches, he could coordinate his own body and his beast phantoms perfectly.

Thunder boar charged bravely, smashing rocks and mounds along the way. Rock crocodile was tough, using its tail like a steel whip, and its teeth like razors, it was a ferocious beast. Kunlun bull had brute force and horn attacks, its back was like tough mountain rocks. These three beast phantoms, once activated, caused Century Boy to feel extremely outpaced as he hurriedly defended himself.

Solid beast phantoms were the biggest threat to Century Boy. But after the beast phantom was destroyed, it turned back into a trace of strength qi.

When Fang Yuan activates the strength qi Gu again, the beast phantom would appear good as new.

“Thankfully, little beast king’s three beast phantoms can only be unleashed through luck. His all-out effort Gu is still rank three, it cannot summon these beast phantoms!”

Century Boy was suppressed by Fang Yuan, but he felt glad secretly.

Although Fang Yuan swapped his boar, crocodile, and green bull phantoms to thunder boar, rock crocodile, and kunlun bull phantoms, it caused his overall strength to rise but there was weaknesses.

His all-out effort Gu was only rank three, it could not summon these three rank four phantoms at will.

That is, unless Fang Yuan gets the undefeated hundred battles Gu from King Xin’s inheritance, and raise the all-out effort Gu to rank four.

“Godfather’s situation is getting worse. Do we strike?”

“Do you want to die? They are fighting so intensely, before we even join in, we will be turned into meat paste!”

“Strong, way too strong. Among us, only Sky Tiger can contest, but she was killed by Fang Zheng long ago.”

“Do we just watch like this?”

“What are you scared of? Is godfather so easy to deal with? He has his trump cards left!”

Outside the cave, Century Boy’s godsons and daughters saw the intense battle and were trembling with fear, their limbs turning cold.

Century Boy had a tiny body, his fighting style was to find loopholes and dodge everywhere, he liked to aim at crucial areas, when he punches and kicks, it forms an impact.

Meanwhile, Fang Yuan attacked directly, punching and kicking, his arms like long spears while his legs were like large poles. At times, he caused explosive sounds when he attacked, giving off a dominating aura.

Century Boy was suppressed gradually, and his moving space shrunk.

These few months, Fang Yuan had improved in terms of Gu worms.

Not only did he turn green bull into kunlun bull phantom, he also finished using essence iron bones Gu, and raised the toughness of his bones again, to about twice or thrice of before.

Other than these, he also used the golden steel tendon Gu, turning his body tendons into the hardness of golden steel.

Ancient bronze skin, essence iron bones, golden steel tendons…

The three defenses molded into one, complementing each other as Fang Yuan’s defense rose sharply. Combined with the golden shield Gu, it was enough to handle the full strength of a rank four peak stage Gu Master!

Century Boy was getting more frightened as he fought: “This little beast king, why is he so experienced?! I had the lower-hand at the start, and I tried to reverse the situation, but I did not succeed once! Is he still a young man? How can such a person be around twenty years old?”

Century Boy thought about himself when he was twenty, compared to Fang Yuan, he felt that he had lived a dog’s life all these years!

“No, I must retreat, this little beast king cannot be assessed by human standards. No wonder Tie Ba Xiu died in his hands, up till now, he has not used the bone wings Gu yet!

Century Boy was suppressed by Fang Yuan, not even able to catch a breath. After thinking about it, he wanted to retreat.

He turned his body, towards the cave.

“Century Boy, are you afraid?” Fang Yuan activated charging crash Gu, chasing relentlessly.

“Century Boy, with me here, where do you think you can go?” Bai Ning Bing suddenly jumped into the battlefield, blocking Century Boy’s path.

“You!” Century Boy’s attention was on Fang Yuan, how would he expect Bai Ning Bing to appear right beside him, and strike an underhanded move? Caught off guard, he was hit by Bai Ning Bing’s attack head-on and lost his bearings.

Fang Yuan did not give up such a good chance, unleashing a flurry of attacks.

And his luck was finally shining, as thunder boar, rock crocodile, and kunlun bull, the three great phantoms all appeared at once.

The great strength surged like a wave, flooding Century Boy like the attack of the sea.

Century Boy did not even manage to scream out before Fang Yuan grabbed both his legs and tore him in half.

“AHHH!”

“Godfather, you died a pitiful death…”

“Lord Century Boy!!”

At once, everyone screamed in shock, as blood spewed, bones broke, and organs fell on the ground.

“Hahah, so much for Century Boy, you are nothing much.” Fang Yuan laughed as he raised his head, showing off an extreme arrogance.

Blood poured on his face as he stared at the people in front of him, shouting unhappily: “Why are you being so noisy, Century Boy ran away at the last moment, timid like a rat, he is a disgrace to the strength path, he deserved death!”

Suddenly, his expression eased, laughing: “Everyone here is a smart person and did not help this shameless rat. Come, let’s go in and drink. Li Xian, do you want the information regarding the three kings inheritance? I still have a deal with you.”

Everyone was shocked, worried, and also curious.

Shock was because Fang Yuan was like a demonic god incarnate, killing another famous person and showing off a greater strength.

Worry was because Fang Yuan killed people like cutting grass, he had just killed a person, but the next moment he started laughing, talking about life, he did not care about human lives at all. Being with such a person, anyone would feel intense pressure.

Curious was because Fang Yuan knew the three kings inheritance’s secret, and wanted to deal with Li Xian. Could they get some information regarding the three kings inheritance from him?

Everyone had a complex thought and could not decide.

Fang Yuan walked briskly side by side with Bai Ning Bing into the cave.

The people blocking the cave subconsciously gave way to them.

Fang Yuan stepped into the banquet, and sat at the host’s seat, this was originally Century Boy’s seat.

“All of you sit down, no need to be polite. Whoever dares to leave, is not giving me, Little Beast King, face!” Fang Yuan looked at everyone as he threatened fiercely.

Rock Lizard Li Qiang, Fiery Star Bao Tong, and others were only rank four upper stage, they did not dare to speak although enraged, sitting down.

Under the cold silence, everyone looked at each other, worried that Fang Yuan would start killing again, they could only sit down.

Fang Yuan squinted as he showed a smile: “Since everyone respects me, I shall give you some benefits.”

Immediately after, he casually gave an information, regarding the life-saving token in the three kings inheritance.

Everyone heard it and their eyes shone, memorising this information to heart.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 369: Understanding of the Demonic Path 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“So there was such a chance at retreating in the three kings inheritance. If I obtain the token, I can move without restraint and wouldn’t have to retreat early,” Bao Tong lamented.

Li Qiang took the initiative to raise his wine cup and toasted Fang Yuan, “Lord Little Beast King’s words are truly worth a thousand gold. I raise this wine cup to congratulate sire for killing Century Boy, this scum of the strength path!”

Tea cools down as soon as the person is gone ; Li Qiang had been talking so closely with Century Boy just before, but now the person had been changed to Fang Yuan, he immediately changed his words and called Century Boy the scum.

“Hahaha, you flatter me.” Fang Yuan, however, did not raise his wine cup, but looked at the godchildren of Century Boy and impatiently waved, “Today, I have exterminated the source of evil and my mood is also good, so I will give you guys a way out. If you don’t want to stay, then get lost. Get lost, get lost, don’t block my view!”

With Century Boy’s death, these godsons and goddaughters were already feeling anxious and frightened, and could not help looking at each other when they heard Fang Yuan.

“What? You want to stay and try to kill me?” Fang Yuan indifferently smiled.

Immediately, there was an uproar, many people left awkwardly and the cave was instantly empty by half.

However, among the godchildren of Century Boy, some still remained.

“Lord Fang Zheng, you are my benefactor!” A godson suddenly kneeled and yelled with tears and snot falling down, “I was forced by that bastard Century Boy to take him as father, Lord Little Beast King, your dominance shakes the world and your aura overwhelms the lands, you have rescued me, you are my great savior!”

“Lord Little Beast King, your power has thoroughly subdued my heart, please let me stay and serve you.” A beautiful goddaughter pleaded alluringly.

“Lord Little Beast King, you have rescued me from a disaster, I will never forget your great kindness. You have given me new life, please let me call you godfather!” An old man in his seventies kneeled on the ground and passionately shouted.

Thump thump thump.

Immediately, in front of Fang Yuan was a scene of kneeling people.

With Century Boy, the head of this group’s, death, his force immediately collapsed. Many escaped while a portion looked for an alternative way out and wanted to rely on Fang Yuan.

“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, “Your words are really pleasant to the ears, good, good.”

The group of godchildren immediately showed a joyous expression.

However, Fang Yuan’s smile suddenly stopped as he turned grim, he shouted: “A group of bootlickers! Killing is killing, crime is crime, why are you speaking of great kindness! I scorn this type of hypocritical praise. I like killing people, I like commiting crimes, listen, how direct is this, how pure is it. Screw off you lot, if you want to take revenge, then accumulate your strength, I will wait for you to challenge me!”

The godchildren were shocked, frightened and stupefied.

“Hmm?” Fang Yuan snorted and with a shift of his mind, a beast phantom charged forward, killing one person on the spot.

The rest seemed to have startled awake; screams could be heard as they hurried to escape from the cave in a pathetic state and even pissed themselves.

The remaining Gu Masters all had unsightly looks.

Fang Yuan was very temperamental and easily killed people, causing the people around him to feel great pressure. Although Century Boy was hateful, he was many times more lovable when compared to Fang Yuan.

Only Bai Ning Bing’s expression was tranquil as water; she was sitting on the left of Fang Yuan with her blue eyes half closed.

Li Qiang had been raising his wine cup and still had not placed it down; right now, he forgot his embarrassment and forcefully smiled: “Lord Little Beast King, when cutting grass, you need to pull out the roots. You have let these people go, what if one day they make it big? Just to be safe, it is better to kill them all. Lord Little Beast King, it doesn’t matter if you don’t remember these people, I have memorized their faces. I will kill them in place of you as my thanks for the information you gave.”

“No need, no need.” Fang Yuan leaned back on his chair and indifferently smiled.

He had his own reasons for letting these people go, but it could not be said out loud.

Thinking for a while, Fang Yuan said: “Since I started walking on the demonic path, I have never feared offending others. As long as I continue to get stronger, what is revenge? If ten people wants revenge, I will kill ten; if a hundred people wants revenge, I will kill a hundred. If the whole world wants revenge, I will exterminate the whole world! If someone succeeds in taking revenge against me, that will mean that I am not strong enough, that I didn’t try hard enough and that I neglected my cultivation; I deserve to die then!”

A terrifying light flickered in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he said this, and when he swept his gaze around, he was like an evil ferocious beast that no one dared to match his gaze.

“Little Beast King is ruthless to others, but is even more ruthless to himself!”

“This Fang Zheng’s demonic nature is too strong! Not fearing revenge, not fearing death, placing his own life and death out of his considerations…”

“Fang Zheng is crazy, his mind is not normal. Making an enemy out of him will be a nightmare!”

Everyone that heard Fang Yuan felt their hearts go cold.

Fang Yuan succeeded in intimidating everyone and did not take it too far, and smiled: “Let’s drink.”

Everyone raised their wine cups with trembling hands, they felt like they were accompanying a man-eating tiger and were in danger; the originally fine wine felt tasteless.

But following immediately, Fang Yuan again talked of three kings inheritance and revealed many secrets.

Everyone was engrossed, their breathing started becoming rough in excitement as they listened to the secrets.

Only Li Xian was worried and bewildered: “What is this Little Beast King planning? He is actually revealing such precious information, what is he after?”

The banquet lasted over two hours.

Fang Yuan killed Century Boy and occupied his cave, even taking charge of the banquet. While others wanted more secrets, they felt their trip was not in vain.

When they got out of the cave, they even felt reluctant to leave and wanted to listen to even more news from the cave entrance.

As for the original host of the banquet, Century Boy, his torn corpse was still on the ground and its blood had already seeped into the ground. The deathly white bones gave a cold shine under the moonlight.

Everyone chatted and laughed, and as they walked past the corpse, no one threw a glance at this loser.

This was the ending of the defeated in the demonic path.

Losers are always in the wrong.

All demonic Gu Masters, more or less, had such a common understanding.

 …

Light rain fell from the sky and made pitter-patter sounds.

The sky was gloomy and the wind blew coldly.

The light rain fell on a young girl’s hair, shoulders, back and finally, her whole body.

“Young master Ruo Nan, the dead cannot be brought back, my condolences to you.” The head of Tie clan’s four old-timers stood behind the girl and persuaded her with a concerned voice.

But the girl did not speak, the eyes that were as bright as stars before lost its spirit and looked hollow, there was no longer a resolute and sharp gaze.

Tie Ruo Nan looked at the tombstones in front of her in a daze.

These tombstones were cut from the mountain stones and the names of the ones that slept under were carved on them.

Tie Mu, Tie Dao Ku, Tie Xian Hua, Tie Ao Kai, Tie Ba Xiu…

Each of these names could relate to the brightest and most profound memories in the depths of Tie Ruo Nan’s heart.

However, the companions who walked alongside her and fought side by side had become cold corpses within the ground. Similar to Tie Ruo Nan’s heart, they would never have a trace of warmth.

“It is I who harmed you, I didn’t fulfill the duty of a leader!”

“You all died, but I am alive by myself. I am a coward…”

“This is all a nightmare, father, I have blemished your name.”

Tie Ruo Nan fell into deep self-blame, besides this, there were also regret and bewilderment.

This genius worked hard to climb up after experiencing her father’s death, and was like a slowly ascending star of the righteous path who received blessings and attention of countless people.

But in the battle several months ago, Fang Yuan personally dropped this star into the abyss; she became a meteorite that smashed into a gloomy corner and was full of cracks.

” Sigh ….” The head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers, Tie Xuan Zhi, looked at the thin and weak figure of the young girl in the rain, and heaved out a long sigh.

However right at this time, an aged voice suddenly came from behind him: “It has been several months already, this child Ruo Nan is still like this?”

Tie Xuan Zhi was startled and frightened!

Who was it, they got so near but he did not sense it at all!

At that instant, the hair on his body stood up and he turned around quickly and subconsciously tried to attack.

However, a wizened hand softly touched his shoulder and a voice followed at the same time: “Xuan Zhi, compose yourself.”

Tie Xuan Zhi immediately felt his whole body turn stiff, the surging primeval sea in his aperture was suppressed by a formidable and formless force.

It was like a high mountain had suddenly been suppressed.

The grand head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers, the rank four upper stage Tie Xuan Zhi, could not budge even a bit at this moment, his whole body seemed to be confined like an insect trapped within amber!

But when he saw the appearance of the person, Tie Xuan Zhi’s terror and despair immediately turned into ecstasy.

“Ah, old clan leader!” Tie Xuan Zhi blurted out.

The wizened old man who was standing in front of him was Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, Tie Mu Bai!

“I have already abdicated as clan leader. Now I am also not an elder, Xuan Zhi, you can just call me Mu Bai.” The old man gently waved his hand and smiled.

“Impossible, how could junior dare to call your great name!” Tie Xuan Zhi bowed his back deeply and greeted the old man respectfully.

Towards the old man in front of him, Tie Xuan Zhi was filled with reverence and admiration.

“Name is only a name, the name Tie Mu Bai was meant to be used. There is nothing inappropriate.” The old man spoke calmly, vicissitudes of life were reflected in his eyes and he had already seen through fame and fortune.

Tie Xuan Zhi wanted to speak but the old man slightly waved his hand and walked forward slowly toward Tie Ruo Nan.

He stood in front of the tombstones with his back facing Tie Ruo Nan. He then gently caressed the stele and sighed: “Tie clansmen are buried at the place they die. This is the rule of Tie clan since it was established. Do you know why?”

Tie Ruo Nan was still kneeling on the ground and showed no expression as if she did not hear anything.

The old man continued: “Because to Tie clansmen, dying in the battlefield is the greatest honor! Tie Ba Xiu, Tie Mu, Tie Dao Ku, Tie Xian Hua, Tie Ao Kai, these people were the same, your father Tie Xue Leng was also the same. In the future when I die, it will also be the same. And when you die, it will still be the same.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 370: The Glory of Tie clan 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes twitched and she slowly raised her head to look at this unacquainted but very familiar old man.

“Our Tie clan, since it was established, had been world-renowned for our bravery, unswerving determination and our iron-cold justice. For many generations, Tie clansmen had been upholding justice and striking down on criminals, in this course, countless people have shed blood and sacrificed their lives. The youths that have died here won’t be the first and also won’t be the last. Do you understand?” The old man continued.

Tie Ruo Nan slightly opened her mouth as if to say something but could not speak anything.

“I am gratified because these people did not die in vain. But I also feel disappointed because you are living in vain. Tie Ruo Nan, do you know the criminal is still out there, getting away with his crimes, and still harming people. That little beast king Fang Zheng…”

Tie Mu Bai paused here and then turned around and looked at Tie Ruo Nan, indifferently asking: “Do you want to uphold justice?”

Tie Ruo Nan looked at this old man and finally recognized his identity.

Tie Mu Bai, rank five peak stage! Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, he moved unhindered in Southern Border and had dominated a region. When he was reigning, Tie clan was like an iron bucket that pressed down on Wu clan, Shang clan and other great clans, and became one of the heads of the righteous path, causing terror to the demonic path!

Tie Ruo Nan’s deathly-still eyes suddenly twinkled with a spark, and she squeezed out a word with her hoarse voice: “Yes.”

“Good.” The old man nodded, his gaze gentle and his tone as calm as before, “Starting now, I will impart the metal path to you, the Gu path that our Tie clan’s Gu Masters use to stand on top of Southern Border.”

Eight days later…

Three kings inheritance opened once again; red, yellow and blue, three enormous light pillars pierced through the clouds and were visible even from thousands of miles away.

However, San Cha mountain was a scene of stillness with no sound.

Regardless of righteous path or demonic path, countless people looked at the peak – there, a seemingly ordinary wizened old man with grizzled hair and wrinkles all over his face was standing calmly with his hands behind his back.

Not far from him, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong and Wu Shen Tong had dark expressions.

Just a moment ago, this old man suppressed the combined power of these five. He defeated them with no difficulty.

“Powerful, truly powerful!”

“Tie Mu Bai, Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, was actually still alive!!”

“Too fearsome, is this the power of rank five peak stage? Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and others simply cannot compare. It would be as easy as crushing ants for him to kill us!”

“Who could have expected Tie clan to actually send their old clan leader. With this, Shang clan, Wu clan and every other clans are not Tie clan’s match!”

“This is an expert of the old generation, little beast king is not worthy to even carry his shoes. In those days, when he moved unhindered in Southern Border, under his command, Tie clan gained powerful momentum and even suppressed Wu clan and almost became the sole head of righteous path!”

“He is one of the most powerful clan leaders in Tie clan history. He is the glory of Tie clan, a role model of the righteous path and the symbol of justice. His battle accomplishments shines brilliantly and hasn’t lost its color even today!”

After a short moment of silence, there was an uproar on San Cha mountain; sounds of admiration, cheers and terror.

With Tie Mu Bai’s appearance, the power structure on San Cha mountain completely changed.

Three days later, news made its way out.

Originally, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng caused havoc in Tie clan and secretly infiltrated Demonic Suppression Tower multiple times, in the end disturbing Tie Mu Bai who had closed himself in cultivation.

Tie Mu Bai personally struck and even though Lu Zuan Feng was a famous divine thief and also a rank five Gu Master, he received serious injuries and had a very narrow escape.

After Tie clan settled this, their gaze gathered at San Cha mountain.

Tie Ba Xiu’s death angered all Tie clan higher-ups. And just as they were about to send an expert over to reinforce the four old-timers, Tie Mu Bai said he was going to personally make a visit.

He came to San Cha mountain and with his absolute strength, he easily prevailed over the experts of both righteous and demonic path. Even experts at the level of Yi Huo and Kong Ri Tian had to concede defeat.

“From this day onwards, no demonic Gu Master may enter three kings inheritance.” Tie Mu Bai stood at the peak of the mountain and after winning over the five rank four peak stage Gu Masters, he immediately made the announcement.

With just himself, he swept up all the demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain!

Demonic Gu Masters were very angry, however even though they were thousands in number, they did not dare to rebel against the rank five peak stage Tie Mu Bai, this supreme expert who stood at the peak of the mortal world.

On that day, Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian directly left the mountain with dark expressions.

Then, Li Xian, Hu Mei Er and others also left sadly.

“The laws of the heaven are vast, justice will prevail. Even if three kings inheritance is a demonic path inheritance, it will contribute its strength to our righteous path. Everyone, as long as we unite, sparks will gather little by little into a bright light that will cover the whole San Cha mountain. And no longer will there be dark places.”

Tie Mu Bai spoke sincerely, then slowly stepped into the three kings inheritance.

There were huge cheers all around San Cha mountain, righteous path’s morale was boosted to the top; the congratulatory sounds continued endlessly like waves after wave.

This time, the opening of the three kings inheritance lasted for more than half a month.

Tie Mu Bai changed the power structure of San Cha mountain by himself, uniting the righteous path and banishing the demonic path, causing the situation to have a violent change. The aged body seemed to manifest the domineering aura of the former clan leader of Tie clan.

Demonic path figures were all banished; they were still not resigned and thus stayed at the surroundings of San Cha mountain and watched as the three light pillars became thinner and thinner.

After the inheritance closed, Tie Mu Bai held a banquet and invited all righteous path Gu Masters.

The banquet was held in the outdoors and was spread over a vast area in the middle of the mountain. The Gu Masters used mountain rocks as tables and chairs, the aroma of wine and food spread everywhere, and they cheered and laughed.

“Junior Yi Huo proposes a toast to senior.” Yi Huo stood up with a wine cup in his hands and bowed deeply towards Tie Mu Bai who was sitting on the main seat.

“In the few great clans, Shang clan always had talents appearing in large numbers. I heard Shang Yan Fei has already become the clan leader now? He had outstanding talent since young, you are also not bad. Take a seat.” Tie Mu Bai said with a bit of recollection.

With his seniority, Shang Yan Fei was also a junior.

With his rank five peak stage cultivation, even though Shang Yan Fei had astonishing talent, he was still inferior.

Yi Huo could only nod his head and slowly sit down, heaving a sigh inwardly.

With Tie Mu Bai’s arrival, his plan to rule San Cha mountain was already cut at its root. He was unable to catch up to this expert of the old generation and simply did not have any chance of contending with him.

“Old clan leader Tie, on behalf of Yi clan, I congratulate you on coming out of seclusion.” Yi clan’s elder Yi chong had a fiery temperament, but he behaved like an obedient grandson in front of Tie Mu Bai.

Gu Immortals always stayed in the background and their traces were rarely seen. To most of the people, rank four Gu Masters were feudal lords while rank five Gu Masters were the emperors that occupied the peak of the mortal world.

Tie Mu Bai coming here was an emperor going on an inspection tour; these feudal lords could only bend their backs and visit the emperor for an audience.

“Old clan leader Tie, you are the glory of our Southern Border’s righteous path and are still awe-inspiring as ever! With one sentence, you made all the demonic bastards retreat helplessly, making us juniors prostrate in admiration. Unfortunately, that little bastard Fang Zheng escaped pretty fast, escaping San Cha mountain few days before you came.” Wu Shen Tong said darkly.

“You are talking about little beast king, right?” Tie Mu Bai indifferently smiled without a hint of anger.

“This little kid is outstanding, I heard his accomplishments are rather amazing. He worked hard alone and started from nothing to become a rising star of the demonic path at a rapid speed. He seems impulsive and unreasonable, but actually makes his moves after meticulous planning and is very good at scheming. It was not groundless for the several youths of Tie clan to die by his hands.” Tie Mu Bai continued.

His words shocked everyone present. As the victim’s family, the old Tie clan leader whose dignity was offended was actually praising his enemy in front of everyone.

“This old clan leader Tie was rumored to have a fiery temperament with extreme abhorrence of evil. How come he seems to be different from the rumors, and instead is so cultured and indifferent to humiliation?” Wu Shen Tong was inwardly surprised and was just about to speak when he met with Tie Mu Bai’s gaze.

The gaze contained the vicissitude of time and had unfathomable depth, a wisdom that had seen through and experienced all of the mortal world.

Wu Shen Tong immediately felt his schemes had been seen through by this gaze; cold sweat dripped out of his body and he found it difficult to speak.

“Do you find it strange?” Tie Mu Bai looked around and slowly spoke with a smile, “Why am I, who is called the glory of Tie clan, openly praising the mortal enemy of Tie clan?”

“Hehehe, praising one’s enemy is increasing the enemy’s prestige and diminishing one’s morale. But in truth, how could the will of those resolute people be destroyed by these few words? By admiring your enemies, you can find their strong points and warn yourself of your weak points, and treat your enemy more seriously. Don’t let your wisdom be deceived by hatred.”

Tie Ruo Nan, who was standing behind Tie Mu Bai, shivered as she heard these words.

She knew old clan leader Tie Mu Bai was saying this mostly to her.

After Tie Mu Bai came out of inheritance, he had been guiding her all the time. He gave her metal path Gu worms and taught her his experiences in using them and also gave her knowledge on the outside world.

Don’t let your wisdom be deceived by hatred… admire your enemies…

Tie Ruo Nan thought over these words and pondered.

“Ruo Nan, what do you think of Fang Zheng?” Tie Mu Bai suddenly called her.

“Yes.” Tie Ruo Nan took a step forward and reported, “Although I hate him very much, I have no choice but to admit Fang Zheng is very outstanding. He has the courage to take risks and also moves after scheming. Although he is a strength path Gu Master, he definitely has a formidable and extraordinary investigative method. This point can be seen from how he was able to intercept us.”

“The path elder Tie Ba Xiu and I chose was a very hidden path. We were able to deceive everyone else but only Fang Zheng was able to sense it and accurately intercept us. Old clan leader, you secretly arrived at San Cha mountain and no one knew of it, but only Fang Zheng sensed it and escaped early. Little beast king might be at the front of the limelight, but he conceals himself very deep and is absolutely not a person to be underestimated.”

“Good, good analysis.” Tie Mu Bai nodded, his eyes revealing his praise.

He continued: “In this world, there is a thing that is more precious than life. That is glory. Eons ago, Ren Zu’s eldest son Verdant Great Sun gave up his life while chasing for glory.”

“Ruo Nan, this Fang Zheng is a mission for you. Arrest him or kill him, wash away your humiliation and make it a glory that belongs to you. Many people call me the glory of Tie clan, but I will tell you Tie clan’s glory is not just me alone, but you guys, generations of people who stand for what’s right.”

Tie Mu Bai’s gaze looked at everyone present when he said this, his voice showing the grandeur of past.

“Similarly, the glory of righteous path should be upheld by every one of us. Come, drink this cup to shine the glory of righteousness onto the world, let the radiance of this sun dispel the darkness and let the demonic path cease to exist!”

“Dispel the darkness!”

“Let the demonic path cease to exist!”

All the righteous path Gu Masters raised their wine cups and shouted together. Their voices were powerful and spread a long distance; countless demonic paths figures’ expressions changed.

“Damn it, this Tie Mu Bai…”

“The glory of Tie clan, time has not been able to wash away his brilliance. Really a terrifying character.”

“He is dazzling like the sun… sigh, him coming out of seclusion is the bad luck of our demonic path!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 371: Just let him fly a bit higher 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

> Chapter Two, Section Three —

The sunlight of the immemorial antiquity era shone on all living beings.

Cicadas made noises, giving off the clamor of life. Dense green trees formed a large area of shade, as they swayed with the wind.

A large vat of delicious wine was in front of Verdant Great Sun, but he frowned, having no desire to drink.

“Divine travel Gu, oh divine travel Gu, you have harmed me so deeply. Right now, I do not even dare to drink wine. I am afraid of getting drunk, and end up transported to a dangerous land by you.” Verdant Great Sun sighed in anguish.

The previous two times, he was sent into the ordinary abyss by divine travel Gu, as well as the cauldron of the hairy men. Thankfully he was lucky, and made it out of both the incidents alive.

Divine travel Gu said: “Prince of humans, I was not intentionally harming you. In fact, every time you got drunk, you were the one who used my power. I am innocent, in fact, I even saved your life once, didn’t I?”

Divine travel Gu had in fact, saved Verdant Great Sun’s life from the tiger-striped honey bees before.

Verdant Great Sun’s expression was dejected: “Sigh… don’t mention the past, now because of you, I do not dare to drink wine. My life has become meaningless and boring.”

Hearing this, divine travel Gu felt ashamed: “In that case, let me teach you a method. Go up into the sky, and in the azure heaven among the nine heavens, there is a bamboo forest. Inside the bamboo forest, pluck a jade bamboo that is jade sky in color. Next, go to blue heaven and during the night time, collect the eight-sided diamonds inside the star fragments. Next, when it is dawn, fly into the sky and use the light of glory of the rising sun to turn me into fixed immortal travel Gu. Once I become that Gu, I will no longer send you to random places when you are drunk.

Verdant Great Sun heard this and he was overjoyed.

But he thought about it, and felt that hope was slim: “Oh Gu, I have stepped on the earth since I was born, I am not as light as clouds, nor do I have wings like birds. How can I fly into the azure heaven and pluck the jade bamboo. How can I collect the eight-sided diamonds in the star fragments? Not to mention flying towards the rising sun.”

Divine travel Gu said: “That is right, humans cannot fly. But it is not a problem, we can ask wisdom Gu. It has the greatest wisdom in this world, there has to be a way.”

Verdant Great Sun and wisdom Gu were old acquaintances, the reason Verdant Great Sun started drinking was because of wisdom Gu’s teachings.

But wisdom Gu taught him to drink merely because it did not want to be disturbed. Sensing that Verdant Great Sun was going to find it again, wisdom Gu quickly went into hiding.

Verdant Great Sun did not find wisdom Gu, and felt dejected.

But divine travel Gu said again: “If we can’t find wisdom Gu, we can find cognition Gu, it is the mother of wisdom Gu.”

Verdant Great Sun quickly found cognition Gu, and requested for the methods of flying.

Cognition Gu answered: “You found the right person, because cognition is the wings of freedom. But everyone’s thoughts are different, what wings you have depends on yourself.”

Saying so, cognition Gu turned into a warm light and shone on Verdant Great Sun.

In the light, a pair of white pure feathered wings appeared behind Verdant Great Sun’s back.

This pair of wings was very beautiful, white and pure like snow, without a trace of impurity, it was like the wings of a white crane.

Cognition Gu took a look and said: “Mm, this pair of wings is called ‘self’, everyone has their own ‘self-cognition’, this pair of wings has a high degree of flexibility and freedom. But you must be careful, do not overly bask in sunlight, otherwise, your sense of ‘self’ will either expand or shrink.”

“Young man, you must remember my words. The higher you fly, the harder you fall.” Cognition Gu thought and said the last sentence with deep meaning.

Obtaining the cognition wings named ‘self’, Verdant Great Sun was very happy, and flew into the sky.

He flew and flew, going higher and higher.

Humans were not born to fly, like birds soaring in the sky. This brought Verdant Great Sun great curiosity.

He played around freely in the sky, extremely happy. At the same time, he remembered cognition Gu’s warning, and did not overly expose himself to sunlight.

When it was sunny, he would hide in the clouds.

Like this, Verdant Great Sun flew higher and higher, finally reaching the limits of heaven, the end of azure heaven.

There, jade bamboos grew in the air, having lustrous green leaves.

These jade bamboos were rooted in the void, and their tips also extended into the unknown void. Looking from outside, one could only see their thin long stem.

Verdant Great Sun retrieved one segment of the bamboo casually.

This dark green bamboo stem was like jade, palm-sized, and hollow in the middle, giving off a cold feeling.

Verdant Great Sun obtained the jade bamboo and was very happy, he continued flying upwards.

The sky of the immemorial antiquity era had nine levels. White heaven, red heaven, orange heaven, yellow heaven, green heaven, azure heaven, blue heaven, purple heaven, and black heaven.

Verdant Great Sun plucked the jade bamboo in azure heaven, a few days later, he flew to the higher blue heaven.

It was night time, and stars were shining the the sky. The stars flew around happily, raining down stardust. These stardust gathered into a sea, a beautiful river of light made of silver stars, flowing across the entire blue heaven.

Verdant Great Sun willed his wings, and plunged into the star river to swim.

He searched painstakingly in the endless stardust, he did not want those seven-sided or sixteen-sided fragments, he only wanted the eight-sided ones. These star fragments were like diamonds, crystal clear and flawless.

He searched for a long time before finding one.

On the second day, Verdant Great Sun flew towards the rising sun at the break of dawn.

The sunrise was like a large red lantern, emitting a warm light.

This sunlight was not ordinary, it was the light of glory, it could shine on all living beings and penetrate the river of time.

Verdant Great Sun’s left hand was holding into the jade bamboo, his right hand was holding the eight-sided diamond, as he flew towards the sun and summoned divine travel Gu.

Basking under the light of glory, divine travel Gu swallowed the star fragment, and entered the jade bamboo.

“Oh Verdant Great Sun, I need time to metamorphosize and become fixed immortal travel Gu. During this period, you have to fly towards the sun, and do not leave the light of glory. But you have to be more careful, cognition Gu had said, pay attention to the ‘self’ wings on your back. Once my transformation ends, you should fly towards the cloud cover immediately. Do remember, remember.” Divine travel Gu reminded.

Verdant Great Sun laughed heartily: “Oh Gu, rest assured. I have even survived the ordinary abyss, and lived after the hairy men, I have the reputation Gu, and have transcended vanity, the light of glory can do nothing to me.”

“Then I can stop worrying.” Divine travel Gu’s voice weakened,as the sunlight turned into threads, forming a cocoon and wrapping the divine travel Gu and the jade bamboo.

Verdant Great Sun moved his pure white wings, flying towards the sun.

During this process, the light cocoon became thicker and heavier.

A moment later, the cocoon was burst open, and a butterfly glowing in green light flew out: “I succeeded, from today onwards, I am not divine travel Gu, but fixed immortal travel Gu. Hahaha.”

Fixed immortal travel Gu flew around Verdant Great Sun, happily dancing, but suddenly shouted: “Ah, oh no! Verdant Great Sun, look at your wings!”

Under the light of the sun, Verdant Great Sun’s wings had expanded to three times of its original size.

“Do not fluster, I noticed it long ago, but so what? The larger my wings, the stronger they are, and the higher and faster I can fly.” Verdant Great Sun laughed loudly.

“Quickly hide in the clouds, stop flying.” Fixed immortal travel Gu said worriedly.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry.” Verdant Great Sun was not worried at all.

The ‘self’ wings on his back grew larger and larger, becoming even larger than his body. Verdant Great Sun’s speed also became faster and faster.

“Fixed immortal travel Gu, what do you think is above the nine heavens?” He shot up towards greater altitudes.

“Stop flying, stop flying. If you fall down, I cannot save you.” Fixed immortal travel Gu was very worried.

“What’s the problem, how could I fall down? Look at my wings, how strong are they, how powerful are they!” Verdant Great Sun was just rebuking, when suddenly, his wings expanded to their limits, and exploded.

Losing his wings, Verdant Great Sun fell towards the ground immediately.

Eventually, he landed on the ground, as an unrecognisable grotesque corpse.

Ren Zu eldest son, met his end.

…

Southern border, Huo Tan mountain.

On the reddish-brown mountain rocks, there were some wine. Using the heat of Huo Tan mountain, the wine was kept at a certain temperature.

Sunlight shone down as Fang Yuan raised his wine cup, drinking it in one shot, sighing comfortably: “Such soothing wine, it is meant to be drank at this temperature.”

Beside him, Bai Ning Bing was also sitting, but did not touch the wine, instead, staring at the direction of San Cha mountain.

There, the three light pillars shone up into the sky, shooting through the heavens.

“You are still drinking? It has been months, three kings inheritance has opened twice already. Tie Mu Bai is controlling San Cha mountain now and chased away all the demonic Gu Masters. These few months, we have been lurking on Huo Tan mountain, are we going to continue watching?” Bai Ning Bing said unhappily.

She was not afraid of death, only seeking thrills in life.

Maybe she was spurred on by the four old-timers of Tie clan, or maybe because Fang Yuan’s strength had surpassed her, these few months, she had been cultivating non-stop, not caring about her rising aptitude.

“The way I see it, we can still enter the three kings inheritance, as long as he find the opportunity and wait for Tie Mu Bai to enter the inheritance, we can strike. With our strength, no one on San Cha mountain can stop us.” Bai Ning Bing’s words were very aggressive.

But Fang Yuan was relaxing and had a chill expression: “No worries, no rush. Tie Mu Bai is the glory of Tie clan, he is the previous clan leader, having rank five peak stage cultivation. He is such a high and mighty character. Compared to him, we are just rats under his feet. Let him fly higher, higher and higher.”

Saying so, he raised his wine cup, pointing at San Cha mountain, smiling lightly as he muttered: “Come, Lord Senior Tie Mu Bai, this junior offers you a toast.”

Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan, but only saw that pair of black eyes, dark like the abyss, unfathomable.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 372: Land spirit — Afterlife of the Gu Immortal 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Central continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.

A tall and large crystal mountain and river, was at the center of the blessed land.

Its name is Dang Hun mountain, pink throughout, emitting the colors of dreams and illusions.

At this moment, the elite disciples from the ten sects were like ants, trying hard to ascend the mountain.

Somewhere near the mountain waist, Fang Zheng was full of sweat, his face pale as his fingers gripped the mountain walls, gasping heavily.

As long as any living beings got close to Dang Hun mountain, they souls will have to endure the pain of vibrating shocks. The higher Fang Zheng climbed, the more he felt dizzy, like his soul was being blown away by the wind, he felt like he was about to collapse.

“Tsk tsk, you can’t hold on anymore? Then give up. Look how much you’ve fallen behind the others, how can you possibly win? Why don’t you just give up, you have no hope left.” Hu Immortal land spirit pouted her tiny pink lips as she appeared before Fang Zheng.

Hu Immortal land spirit was like a little girl, snowy white skin glowing with pinkness. Her shiny large black eyes emitted an innocent gaze. What is most attractive is behind her back, where a snow white and pure fox tail grew, it was furry and fluffy, extremely cute and makes one want to play with it.

At this time, Hu Immortal land spirit was sitting in the air, watching Fang Zheng as she made fun of him.

Fang Zheng was not shocked.

After climbing to this height from the mountain foot, the land spirit had appeared many times, watching their progress every time, and was very playful.

Fang Zheng had found the method to deal with her, that is, to ignore her.

As expected, seeing that Fang Zheng was silent, Hu Immortal land spirit’s mouth pouted even more: “You’re a stupid lad, so boring. Please don’t become my master, otherwise my life would be boring to death. Hehe, the others are more fun.”

Saying so, she vanished, going to find the other elite disciples.

After Hu Immortal land spirit left, in Fang Zheng aperture, the spirit incubating flea vibrated, as Lord Sky Crane’s voice sounded out.

“Fang Zheng, work hard and hang in there. Now is not the time for me to appear, you have to at least get past the mountain waist, only then can we have a chance of victory. Endure, you have to endure, the strength of the soul can be excavated, you have a lot of potential left to uncover.”

Hearing his master’s encouragement, Fang Zheng’s dazed expression became firm again.

He replied in his heart: “Master, don’t worry. I will endure, I am just taking a break, and regulating my breath.”

Pausing momentarily, he asked again: “Master, I have a question, what is a land spirit? Earlier that Hu Immortal land spirit was near me, if I catch her, would I be able to skip the climbing?”

Lord Sky Crane was shocked, scolding: “You lad, you have no fear due to cluelessness, even trying to scheme against the land spirit. Do you know how the land spirit is formed? After the Gu Immortal dies, the remaining fragments of their will and soul mixed with the blessed land’s powers, thus forming that spiritual body!”

“What, the land spirit was a Gu Immortal?” Fang Zheng was shocked.

“That’s right, the Hu Immortal land spirit you saw was formed from the former Gu Immortal Bai Hu. But without her past life’s memories, merely her lingering desires remain. Don’t think of her as powerless, inside this blessed land, she can manipulate the heavenly power freely, and can directly combat a Gu Immortal! She can seal any rank one to five Gu worm at will. Only rank six Immortal Gu worms can move freely in the blessed land. Fang Zheng, you are too bold. Climb this mountain properly, do not have any unrealistic thoughts.” Lord Sky Crane chided.

“Yes master, I will not dare to anymore.” Fang Zheng nodded, admitting his fault in his heart.

After scolding Fang Zheng, Lord Sky Crane’s tone eased, encouraging: “So now you know? As long as you become the owner of the blessed land, you can get the land spirit’s loyalty. Within the blessed land, the land spirit is an existence equal to a Gu Immortal!”

Fang Zheng listened as he was completely stunned.

What sort of strong aid was that! The assistance of a Gu Immortal equivalent!!

Lord Sky Crane continued: “However, the land spirit cannot leave the blessed land. The true essence of the Hu Immortal Inheritance is this wide and rich blessed land. Fang Zheng, you are still too low level, and the things you do not know are simply too many. Wait till you inherit this blessed land, you will slowly understand, what sort of help a blessed land can bring to a Gu Master! You are simply too lucky, encountering a blessed land with a spirit, and also receiving the sect’s help. If it is a blessed land without a spirit, that would be greatly inferior.”

Fang Zheng asked curiously: “Master, what happens to a blessed land without a spirit?”

Lord Sky Crane answered: “A blessed land without a spirit is destined to be destroyed. Like a slumbering divine dragon, anyone can eat its flesh and drink its blood. Until it dies, it will not awaken. Fang Zheng, after you become the lord of the blessed land, you have to give the resources within the blessed land to the sect. Immortal Crane Sect had nurtured you this far, you have to give back to the sect. When the sect is stronger, the protection towards you will increase as well. You understand this logic right?”

“Mm, I understand. It was Immortal Crane Sect who adopted me. Without the sect’s help, I would not have any chance in getting the inheritance. I would not even be able to exact revenge on my brother. If there is a possibility, I not only want to repay the sect, but I also want to revive you master!” Fang Zheng nodded, his vision was clear as he held great gratitude and admiration towards Immortal Crane Sect.

Lord Sky Crane heard this and laughed dryly: “Foolish disciple, how can people revive so easily? I am glad you had the thought.”

…

The light of glory of the righteous path shone on San Cha mountain.

Under Tie Mu Bai’s influence, three kings inheritance became the righteous path’s garden of exploration.

Any demonic Gu Master was chased out and not allowed to step into the mountain.

“Tie Mu Bai is too overbearing, fencing up the area and refusing to let anyone in.”

“He is a senior expert, yet his greed knows no bound. Eating the meat and bones, but refusing to let us drink even the soup!”

“Most importantly, three kings inheritance’s opening time is shortening, and the three pillars are getting weaker. Just as little beast king said a month ago, this Gu Immortal blessed land is decaying, and will face destruction soon.”

…

The demonic Gu Masters were feeling flustered and anxious, such a rare opportunity in front of them, yet they are denied entry, only able to watch in vain.

” Stuff the courageous to death and starve the timid to death , brothers, let’s charge up together, no matter how powerful that Tie Mu Bai is, can he kill all of us?!” Someone shouted, encouraging the crowd.

“We can wait for Tie Mu Bai to enter the inheritance, and then go up the mountain. That way, there will be less obstruction.” Someone suggested.

“There’s a problem with this solution. When we come out of the inheritance, so would Tie Mu bai. Moreover, nobody knows where we would appear in San Chan mountain, we might get slaughtered by the righteous path.” Someone rebuked.

“So what? Danger lurks when seeking wealth, how can we get the cub without entering the tiger’s den? Wanting to gain something without taking a risk, how can there be such a good thing in this world?!”

Just as the demonic path members were shouting and discussing, they heard the wailings of a hundred ghosts near them, and the bright blue sky suddenly became filled with dark clouds.

Within the dark clouds, a shrill voice said: “Gagaga, Tie Mu Bai, you came out of your cultivation, why did you not say hi to your old friend, hmm?”

The dark clouds moved rapidly, forming a face, having an aquiline nose and deep eye sockets, staring at San Cha mountain.

“This laughter and entrance, it is Lord Wu Gui from our demonic path!”

“I remember now. Lord Wu Gui is also rank five peak stage, an expert from the older generation, he is Tie Mu Bai’s lifetime rival!”

“There’s nothing amazing about the righteous path, we have experts in the demonic path too! Go, Senior Wu Gui!!”

At once, the demonic path members cheered, their eyes glowing as some shouted while others screamed.

The dark clouds moved closer, shrouding San Cha mountain quickly. Such a grand entrance, like an entire army, at once, even sunlight was covered, causing San Cha mountain to fall into darkness.

The righteous Gu Masters were all fearful.

“He has such an overwhelming aura!”

“This old demon Wu Gui, he is still alive?”

“Old demon Wu Gui, he is over hundreds of years old. Back when he was breaking through to rank six, he was disturbed and ruined by the young and inexperienced Lord Tie Mu Bai unintentionally. Thus, he felt extreme hatred and had slaughtered Tie clansmen many times as revenge.”

…

“Wu Gui, have you been hiding under a mountain all these years? Are you here to experience defeat once again?” At the mountain peak, golden light burst out.

In the golden light, Tie Mu Bai stood upright, his hands behind his back, speaking calmly towards the rolling dark clouds.

“Hmph, you won by merely one move a decade ago, you really think you are better. Little bastard, today you will die without a proper corpse!” The dark clouds moved like steam out of boiling water, turning into a large hand and grabbing towards Tie Mu Bai.

This hand, was extremely large, larger than a small-sized mountain. It gave off an impressive aura, stunning people and gave off the feeling of grabbing the moon and stars.

The dark clouds looked slow but were extremely fast, grabbing quickly.

Corrosive smoke rose, as the hand covered an entire mountain peak, causing the trees and rocks it touched to disintegrate.

“Old tricks.” Tie Mu Bai snorted, moving his leg and turning into a golden light, tearing apart the dark clouds, flying towards the sky.

The golden light flew like a shooting star, like lightning, as it crashed into the dark clouds.

Almost the next moment, there was a thunder-like explosion, going off like firecrackers.

The dark clouds moved violently, as golden light flickered.

The two rank five peak stage Gu Masters fought inside the clouds. Although the details could not be seen, outsiders could feel how powerful they were just from the aftershocks sent out by them.

“Wu Gui, when I just started by Gu journey, you were already an established expert. Back then, i had to avoid you if I met you. But fifty years later, I could escape from you. Eighty years later, you could do nothing to me. A hundred years later, you lost to me. And now, after another decade, today, you will lose your life.”

Tie Mu Bai’s voice came from within the dark clouds.

“Huff, huff, huff… Tie. Mu. Bai! You are too arrogant, you were lucky to be born in Tie clan, relying on Tie clan, you can speak so arrogantly. If I had the same resources as you, I would’ve become a Gu Immortal by now.” Wu Gui screamed in an unstable tone.

Evidently, during the intense battle earlier, Tie Mu Bai had the advantage.

“But, did you think I have no backup?” Hahaha!” Wu Gui breathed roughly, but started laughing wildly.

As he laughed, a third rank five peak stage aura burst out.

“Tie Mu Bai, did you miss me all these years?” A gloomy and shrill voice travelled far and wide.

Tie Mu Bai could not hide his shock: “Ku Mo, to think you came!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 373: Intense Battle of Rank Fives 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The situation at San Cha mountain had a violent change.

After Tie Mu Bai suppressed San Cha mountain for the most part of the year, his old enemy from the demonic path appeared. But Wu Gui who was also rank five peak stage could not beat Tie Mu Bai who made his debut later.

The situation that followed was beyond everyone’s expectations.

The similarly rank five peak stage Ku Mo suddenly made his appearance. The battle situation immediately changed to two demonic path’s rank five pincering Tie Mu Bai.

Righteous path figures cursed at the demonic path’s shamelessness while the demonic path figures continued to rush into San Cha mountain and cheer loudly.

Uncountable gazes fanatically looked at the air.

A battle between rank five peak stage Gu Masters was rarely seen much less the battle between three rank five peak stage Gu Masters.

Tie Mu Bai could suppress Wu Gui, but fighting one against two was far beyond his ability. But Wu Gui and Ku Mo were both demonic Gu Masters and although they had allied, they were similarly guarded against each other.

Like this, the three entered a stalemate.

From the sky covered by the black clouds and fierce wind, an enormous and deafening explosion occurred.

Golden light burst out, a four clawed golden dragon tore the black clouds and moved the wind and rain; its dragon roar spreading over a long distance.

“Hmph, merely a rank four golden dragon Gu, did you take that out to make a fool of yourself?” Ku Mo let out a disdainful snarl, “Look at how I tear you to pieces!”

When his words landed, there was a loud sound; the golden dragon let out a miserable whine and fell down towards the ground.

Just as the golden dragon was about to lose its life, a golden whirlwind blew towards it.

The four clawed golden dragon was surrounded by the whirlwind and its heavy injuries were instantly healed. It raised its head and roared before rising up again.

“This is a rank four golden breeze Gu, its healing ability is extremely powerful and is comparable to rank five Gu!” The spectating Li Xian narrowed his eyes when he recognized this golden whirlwind.

“Don’t even think about it!” Wu Gui suddenly gave an unearthly cry.

This unearthly cry was extremely ear-piercing like the cawing of ravens, the spectators be it righteous path or demonic path felt dizzy and nauseous.

Following the unearthly cry, a shining jet-black halo shot out and firmly collided against the four clawed golden dragon.

The four-clawed golden dragon could not resist it and exploded.

Dazzling light burst forth like a small sun, causing all the spectators to close their eyes.

The sound of the explosion was so loud, it seemed to burst everyone’s eardrums.

A fierce wind pressure soon followed, blowing towards all directions. The wind blew countless trees and stones, burying many Gu Masters alive.

The berserk wind rose as if in defiance of heaven and even dispersed the dark clouds covering the sky.

The spectators regained their senses after a long while and retreated in fear while looking up.

In the sky, three figures were confronting each other!

Tie Mu Bai was wearing a golden chainmail, it was the rank four golden coat Gu and had exemplary defense. His whole body was covered with a layer of gold-red light. It was the rank four golden aurora Gu and could allow the Gu Master to fly.

Wu Gui was stepping on a dark cloud, his lips were sharply sticking forward like a black beak.

And Ku Mo was slowly flapping a pair of bone wings on his back, his whole body was covered with bone armor and there were all kinds of colorful sharp spikes growing out from his elbows, knees, shoulders and other places. At first look, he looked like a malevolent multi-colored human-shaped hedgehog.

The confrontation only lasted for a short few breaths of time.

The three attacked at the same time as quickly as lightning.

In the sky, a golden-red light shuttled back and forth, breaking the void and was as sharp as a sword. A black light soared, moving at one time and stopping at next, it was strange and cunning. A multi-colored light charged and crashed, and displayed the most valiant manner.

Ordinary naked eyes were already unable to make out the progress of the battle. The absolute majority of people could only hear the unceasing explosions that continued to ravage their eardrums.

Suddenly a golden light fiercely streaked across the sky like a blade, towards an area in the middle of the mountain.

Mountain stones and boulders were crushed into fine powder and there appeared a twenty feet wide and over hundred feet tall gorge.

The nearby unlucky spectators were all chopped into minced meat.

Suddenly a raven’s caw echoed like the thunder.

Hundreds of unlucky Gu Masters’ head burst immediately.

From time to time, bone spikes rained down freely from the sky.

Many Gu Masters could not evade in time and were pierced through, nailed at the ground and lost their lives.

The battle had reached the climax, the three sides moved without restraint.

“We can’t endure even the ripples of a battle between rank five peak stage Gu Masters.”

“Too terrifying, too terrifying, we need to leave quickly. If we keep on watching, we might have to pay with our lives!”

Everyone was scared witless and hurried out of San Cha mountain one after another.

Even Li Xian, Hu Mei Er and others also did not dare to stay here.

On San Cha mountain, only the rank four peak stage Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong and Wu Shen Tong remained.

Even so, their expressions were serious and all their concentration was fixed on the battle with their nerves stretched tight as a bowstring; they were ready to escape the moment there was even a little danger.

Soon, these rank four peak stage Gu Masters also could not continue staying there.

Because the three rank five peak stage Gu Masters used their rank five Gu.

Tie Mu Bai’s turn gold Gu flew everywhere. No matter what it shot through, whether they were rocks, grasses, trees, flowers, birds, fishes or beasts, they would turn into golden sculpture, their life force extinguished.

Ku Mo’s soft bones Gu made any bones within fifty miles of it, turn soft and become a puddle of bone paste.

And Wu Gui’s pitch black Gu spread darkness everywhere, any Gu worms under rank six that touched it would received different degrees of restrictions.

In this world, the higher the rank of the Gu, the stronger and rarer they were. Precious Gu of rank four were already hard to purchase and rank five Gu were practically not circulated in the market. As for rank six Immortal Gu; every one of them were one of its kind.

Fang Yuan had reached rank six Gu Immortal’s realm in his previous life, but he could only refine a rank six Spring Autumn Cicada. As for most of the Gu Masters, rank five Gu were already very hard to get.

The most important thing in a battle between rank five Gu Masters was the power of their rank five Gu.

“This is the power of a rank five Gu? Terrifying, rank four defensive Gu can hardly resist it, let alone rank three Gu…” From some far away corner, Bai Ning Bing observed the battle in San Cha mountain intently, her blue pupils flickering with grave light.

This was not the first time she saw a battle between rank five Gu Masters. She had seen it once before at Qing Mao mountain.

But the fighting strength of these three rank five Gu Masters were clearly much more powerful than Lord Sky Crane and first generation Gu Yue.

This was because first gen Gu Yue and Lord Sky Crane were decrepit rank five Gu Masters who were struggling at death’s door and used all kinds of ways to prolong their lifespan.

First gen Gu Yue hibernated all year round in blood coffin and changed himself into a zombie; neither human nor ghost.

And Lord Sky Crane was not much better, he came from Central Continent, his battle prowess was suppressed to some extent in Southern Border.

But these three rank five Gu Masters Bai Ning Bing was looking at were all at their peak state. Their intense battle naturally gave her spirit an even stronger impact.

“If I face such rank five Gu Masters, I will not be able to resist one move of theirs and there is no hope of even escaping!” Bai Ning Bing looked at the battle for a long time and subconsciously clenched her fists, deeply realizing the gap between her and these rank five peak stage powers like Tie Mu Bai and the rest.

Rank five peak stage Gu Masters were at the peak of the mortal world, an emperor among Gu Masters.

Especially when they used rank five Gu, the strength they could bring out could destroy mountains if they came across mountains, split apart rivers if they came across rivers; such an enormous power gave a feeling that it could not be stopped.

“This is the show you were waiting for?” Bai Ning Bing retrieved her gaze and looked at Fang Yuan standing beside her with a flash of understanding, “Tie Mu Bai is fighting one against two. It seems after this battle the structure of San Cha mountain will have a complete change. Demonic path will suppress righteous path; you were waiting for this opportunity since several months ago, right?”

Fang Yuan calmly gazed into the distance and shook his head indifferently: “Rank five Gu are very rare, many rank five Gu Masters don’t have even one rank five Gu and can only use use four Gu. Thus, a rank five Gu Master’s battle strength is determined by the rank five Gu they hold and their amount.”

“Demonic Gu Masters have always lacked resources and can mostly only rely on luck or fate. Ku Mo and Wu Gui have one or two rank five Gu with them. But Tie Mu Bai is different, he has a huge background called Tie clan, he should at least have three rank five Gu on him.”

Bai Ning Bing’s expression moved: “You mean Tie Mu Bai will be the winner of this battle?”

Fang Yuan, however, shook his head: “Gu worms are Gu Master’s trump card, the Gu Masters can be targeted against once their Gu are exposed. Tie Mu Bai will not easily reveal all his trump cards. From the start, this battle had neither a winner nor a loser.”

Bai Ning Bing was a smart person and immediately understood it after Fang Yuan gave her the clues.

No matter how intense this battle was, it was only a probe.

Why did Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui and Ku Mo came here?

Was it purely for revenge against each other?

Impossible!

For people like them, their greatest goal is to break away from mortal and charge through to rank six Gu Immortal realm, thereby gaining a longer life.

These three were at the peak, looking down on all mortals, and had rich experiences; gratitude and grudges could not move them. Each of their action held their own deep purpose.

“These three chose San Cha mountain for their battle instead of any other places. So, their purpose is already clear – three kings inheritance!”

Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flickered with a pondering light.

“Three kings were rank five Gu Masters, their inheritance contains rank five Gu worms; each one of these rank five Gu can greatly increase their strength. With a treasure in front of them, how could they battle without care? Unless there is an extremely huge imbalance between the battle strength of the two sides. But from the current situation, it clearly is not so. So this battle can only end in a draw.”

The confusing battle situation suddenly became extremely clear.

Bai Ning Bing subconsciously looked at Fang Yuan.

When everyone’s hearts were throbbing intensely because of the intense battle of rank five Gu Masters, he was still so calm like he was a spectator watching something of no concern.

But was it really a matter of no concern?

Bai Ning Bing rejected this thought inwardly, no one knew clearer than her regarding the thirst Fang Yuan had towards three kings inheritance.

But even under such desire, he could still restrain his impulse.

Facing such an opponent, Bai Ning Bing’s heart felt incomparably heavy: “Such unfathomable shrewdness… how will I be able to take the yang Gu that can turn me back to a male from him?”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 374: Calamity and Tribulation of the Blessed Land 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Half a month later.

On a certain peak in San Cha mountain.

A group of ash-grey mountain apes close to a thousand in numbers tightly surrounded Tie Ruo Nan while screeching and screaming.

Tie Ruo Nan took in a deep breath, she suddenly waved her hand and shot a large cloud of golden needle Gu.

Golden needle Gu was not a natural Gu but was a Gu created by Tie clan’s Gu Masters. Every golden needle Gu was a rank two Gu, their length was around an index finger and were like thin golden needles.

Golden needle Gu shot through the apes; some stood on the spot without being able to move, some died from poison and some were driven into a frenzy and actually began attacking their nearby companions.

Tie Ruo Nan repeatedly shot out golden needles; there was chaos among the mountain apes and they suffered huge losses. In a sorry figure and while screeching miserably, they made their escape. Soon, the noisy battlefield quietened down.

Large numbers of mountain apes were on the ground; some were dead and some were at their last breaths.

Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked past them and shot out golden needle Gu again.

But this time, these golden needle Gu had healing effects, they shot into the mountain apes and turned into balls of golden light, moving back and forth between their injuries. Many mountain apes recovered their movement ability.

Golden needle Gu by itself was not wondrous. But when matched with poison liquid Gu, it could turn into poison needle. When matched with stiff Gu, it could make the enemies unable to move a single step. When matched with chaotic mind Gu, it could cause chaos among the enemies making them unable to differentiate between their allies and enemies. And when matched with vitality Gu, it had healing properties.

Tie Ruo Nan had spent around seven to eight days to be proficient in the combination of these four types of battle tactics. Thus, she was able to defeat close to a thousand mountain apes by herself.

“Ruo Nan, this child has an outstanding talent with high comprehension and more importantly, her nature is tenacious and resolute, she is indeed someone who will become a pillar of Tie clan.” Tie Mu Bai watched this nearby with no expression on his face, but his heart was full of praises.

This old Tie clan leader had seen the rise of countless talents in his life and also witnessed the fall of innumerable geniuses.

He was very clear: In a dangerous and difficult environment, many outstanding geniuses would emerge. But talent was only one aspect, what mattered was the nature of the geniuses.

If a genius could put up with hardships and endure loneliness, they would definitely have great accomplishments in the future.

A genius that had poor disposition could only be a shooting star, shining for only an instant.

Why would Tie Mu Bai teach Tie Ruo Nan? On one hand, Tie Ruo Nan was blood-related to Tie Xue Leng, who had certain relationship with him; on the other hand, Tie Ruo Nan had been polished like limestone after a series of trials; all traces of impatience had gone leaving behind stability and perseverance.

Tie Ruo Nan was like an unpolished jade that let out dazzling light after being polished slightly.

“Old clan leader.” Tie Ruo Nan climbed up the peak towards Tie Mu Bai and cupped her hands in greeting.

The girl was full of admiration and respect towards this old man.

Half a month ago, this old man Tie Mu Bai fought against two rank five experts of the demonic path by himself.

He first used rank five turn gold Gu to contend with the two demons easily. Then, he used rank five liquid metal Gu to make these two experts back out and weakened their fighting spirits; the battle finally ended with both sides relenting.

Tie Mu Bai’s strength was like a basin of cold water that poured on the hearts of the demonic Gu Masters, causing their rising flames of angers to weaken in an instant.

The conclusion of the battle was that both righteous and demonic paths could contend for three kings inheritance. But everyone could clearly see how good Tie Mu Bai was and that he had not used his full strength.

“Good. Being able to grasp this flexible battle tactic in such a short time is remarkable.” Tie Mu Bai praised indifferently as he casually waved his hand.

Whoosh!

A large cloud of golden needle Gu shot out.

However, different from Tie Ruo Nan’s golden needle Gu, the golden needle Gu Tie Mu Bai commanded were extremely small like raindrops.

When they moved in the sky, they were like a cloud of golden fog.

The golden fog moved with the wind and brushed past an area of boulders. Pitter-patter sounds as if thousands of silkworms were eating mulberries came from the giant boulders.

Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk, immediately realizing the amazing aspect of this move.

The golden fog infiltrated and penetrated the boulders, creating countless tiny holes in them. The trees nearby the boulders were also pierced through, all signs of life within them extinguished instantly.

If someone were struck by these Gu, their whole body and insides would be perforated and destroyed; it was a really terrifying killer move!

Tie Mu Bai casually waved his hand and threw out three golden needle Gu.

These three golden needles were, however, different; they were thick and long. Normal golden needle Gu had a finger sized length, but these three golden needles had palm sized length.

The three golden needle Gu flew and pierced into a mountain ape’s head.

One shot like a perpendicular lightning, straight into the mountain ape from the top of its head, while the other two entered through the left and right temples; the needles almost completely entering the mountain ape’s head with only a small portion remaining on the outside.

This mountain ape had been healed by Tie Ruo Nan and was just making its escape when it was struck by the golden needles.

The mountain ape let out a painful scream and leaped a couple of times, kneeling in front of Tie Mu Bai.

The ape’s eyes were wide open with incomparable panic, dread and anger.

The strange thing was it could not control its body and kneeled down reverentially and without making any movements. It was not even able to let out a shout.

Tie Ruo Nan had never expected to see such a peculiar scene and was stupefied for a while.

Tie Mu Bai laughed and looked at the mountain ape at his feet, he indifferently said: “Golden needle Gu combined with create fog Gu can form golden fog. This golden fog looks faint and weak, but is actually extremely powerful and is specialized in breaking through Gu Master’s defense. When I was twenty-eight and was roaming Southern Border, I used this move to dominate the region of Luchuan river.”

Tie Mu Bai paused for a while and continued: “Golden needle Gu combined with puppet control Gu, can take control of living bodies. When I was forty-two and my cultivation advanced to rank four peak stage, I ended my closed cultivation and began to roam the world to test my skills. When I arrived at Tie Mu mountain, I was attacked by a group of over fifty demonic path mountain bandits. I used this move to make thirty-eight of them defect and finally captured all of them and got rid of these evil beings.”

Tie Ruo Nan became more fascinated the more she heard.

Since her early years, she followed her father and travelled everywhere. And she had heard of this old clan leader’s heroic deeds.

The old clan leader had A grade aptitude and revealed his talent the moment he started cultivating, becoming the number one youth star of Tie clan at that time. He also lived up to others’ expectations, advancing to rank four peak stage before fifty.

He ended his secluded cultivation and roamed Southern Border, crossing mountains and rivers to test his skills, and made a name for himself.

After returning to Tie clan, he became the clan leader and brought Tie clan to new heights. For a while, Tie clan was in such limelight that it made Wu clan, Shang clan and the rest lose their splendor.

His whole life was filled with glory and brilliance. He had countless battle achievements under him, whether it was his lone achievements while roaming the Southern Border or leading a group of heroes to eliminate evil – he had few losses.

The way he did his work was unyielding and domineering, daring to stand directly up to the enemies; many of his enemies would be terror stricken at the mention of him when he was reigning. Even righteous path figures would feel mental pressure when they heard Tie Mu Bai’s name.

Right now, as Tie Ruo Nan listened to the old clan leader recall those olden days indifferently, she became overwhelmed with emotions.

She could not help imagining a scene.

A hero at his prime, handsome and graceful, donning a blue robe, moved unhindered around the world. He defeated powerful enemies by himself, no one could block him and countless people watched him.

However, time was ruthless, turning that young man into an elderly.

But Tie Mu Bai was still Tie Mu Bai.

Even if he was more old, it could not hide his glorious deeds.

These battle accomplishments were a dazzling halo that covered his body and even the layers of dust of history could not block its radiance.

“Lord old clan leader, I will not let you down, golden needle Gu will not shame your name in my hands!” Tie Ruo Nan spoke resolutely.

The old man gratefully nodded and patted Tie Ruo Nan’s shoulder.

“Child, you have a strong mind and our Tie clan’s blood flows in your veins. You have to shoulder the responsibility of our Tie clan’s children. I will teach you all that I know, and I hope that one day, you can be capable enough to raise the flag of Tie clan. I am leaving that little beast king Fang Zheng to you as your test, do you have confidence?”

“I have confidence and also have a plan. Old clan leader, you can rest assured, Fang Zheng has already completely fallen into the demonic path, I will definitely retrieve his head!” Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone with resolute light.

“Good, do not be arrogant in victory or discouraged in defeat, you are able to get out of your shock and derive strength from your tribulation, this is something that is impossible for many youngsters. As long as you maintain this, you will definitely become the glory of Tie clan! Now, I shall teach you the principle behind these two tactics along with my insights and experience in them, as well as all the other different combinations that can be derived.”

Like this, one taught diligently and another did her best to learn.

After over an hour, Tie Mu Bai finished teaching everything: “Good, you can ask me anything you are unclear about.”

Tie Ruo Nan had outstanding comprehension ability and had already engraved all the teachings into her mind.

However, she thought for a while and asked: “These days, I have found that the opening time of three kings inheritance has been getting shorter and the amount of Gu Masters that can enter has also been getting lesser. The three light pillars are no longer as thick and bright as before. Right now, there has been many rumors saying the blessed land is already nearing its end. Is this true?”

Tie Mu Bai nodded: “It is indeed so.”

“You are still not ready to learn some things. All living things exist in balance – with darkness, there is light; with water there is fire; with blessing, there is calamity.” His gaze turned towards the peak of San Cha mountain and sighed: “Every blessed land will face earthly calamity every ten years and heavenly tribulation every hundred years. This blessed land originated from a mysterious Gu Immortal from ancient times and was later was inherited by the three kings and remodelled into this inheritance site.”

“This blessed land is already old, its lifespan is almost at its end. A land spirit could prolong this time, but unfortunately there is no land spirit here.”

“A blessed land without a land spirit is an enormous boat that is sinking. Anyone can enter inside and plunder the treasures within. The more they plunder, the bigger the holes in this giant boat and the quicker it would sink. This Gu Immortal blessed land is already nearing its end and will only last for less than ten years before it is destroyed due to the exhaustion of immortal essence.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 375: Gathering of Experts 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“To think that even blessed lands faced destruction…” Tie Ruo Nan heard the secret and sighed lightly.

“How can there be any existence in this world that is indestructible? The cycle of heavenly fate, the competition of all living beings, in this wide universe, we mortals are like a single speck of sand at the bottom of an entire sea, small and insignificant. Only by advancing to a Gu Immortal, can we surpass mortality, and have our own foundation, turning from sand into an island, having the ability to resist the sea waves.” Tie Mu Bai’s tone was full of lamentation.

“When the blessed land faces destruction, wouldn’t the people inside be in great danger?” Tie Ruo Nan asked again.

“That is right.” Tie Mu Bai nodded: “The moment the blessed land vanishes, the wind of assimilation will blow, fusing heaven and earth together, as everything inside the blessed land would turn into the most basic primeval essence in this world. This wind’s power can sweep away all dust and particle, even Gu Immortals fear it, because even Gu Immortals can be destroyed by it.”

“There is such a powerful wind?” Tie Ruo Nan was shocked beyond words, showing great worry in her eyes.

Tie Mu Bai waved his hand: “No worry, I have already stepped into the blessed land many times, I have gained deep understanding of it, and have always been observing and learning about it. The blessed land is indeed weakening, but there is still a long time before it faces destruction. During this period, the heavenly power in the blessed land will weaken, and the restrictions towards us Gu Masters would decrease. Slowly, we would be able to use one or two Gu, and then three or four, five or six… Eventually, the blessed land would be full of loopholes, and form an entrance where we can enter and exit at will.”

Tie Mu Bai looked afar, his gaze deep and filled with knowledge, like he could predict the future.

“At the final period, that will be the true decisive battle of three kings inheritance. As the restriction from the blessed land is gone, anyone can use their full power. They can plunder and battle to their heart’s extent. By then, San Cha mountain would not only have three rank five Gu Masters, that would truly be the gathering of experts, the rise of snakes and dragons.”

Tie Ruo Nan felt a flash of inspiration, and realized.

She finally understood why Tie Mu Bai did not fight to the death with those two demonic Gu Masters.

That is because, his future enemies were not only these two. Fighting with all he had so early on would only benefit others.

Towards the end of the three kings inheritance, the Gu Masters would receive greater and better rewards.

Those who truly understood the blessed land, had already been preparing for the final battle.

…

Central continent.

Tian Ti mountain.

Hu Immortal Blessed Land.

“I am finally at the mountain waist.” Fang Zheng breathed roughly, sweat dripping from his forehead.

His arms and legs were numb and sore, they had no energy left. Using his own strength, and climbing to this level, it had squeezed out all the potential he had in his soul.

The mountain winds blew, and a strong feeling of dizziness hit him, causing Fang Zheng to feel like he was going to fall.

His entire vision was spinning, after his soul was expended to the max, he even lost the ability to think.

In his daze, he heard from within his aperture, the incubating flea: “Good, very good, my good disciple, you have endured this far, it was not easy. You have succeeded, now it will be up to your master me!”

Saying so, Fang Zheng felt a formless energy flowing into the deepest part of his soul.

The falling feeling immediately disappeared, like a child who was learning how to walk but was suddenly assisted by an adult.

His vision became clear, and Fang Zheng’s dizziness vanished at a rapid speed.

Fang Zheng breathed in deeply several times, he felt fantastic!

Like a traveller in the desert, about to die of thirst, but suddenly drinking fresh water. Or like someone who had worked non-stop all the time, suddenly sleeping seven days and seven nights.

Everything became great, he felt awesome.

“Good disciple, make use of your time, and climb quickly!” Lord Sky Crane urged.

“Yes master!” Fang Zheng’s eyes were shining like a tiger’s. He raised his head, and saw Feng Jin Huang and others, leading far ahead, but they were getting slower.

Fang Zheng felt an unprecedented sense of confidence.

“I can do it, with master’s help, I can definitely defeat these geniuses, and became the sole inheritor of Hu Immortal blessed land! Fang Zheng, hang in there!”

After encouraging himself for a bit, Fang Zheng continued climbing.

His movements became fast and steady, his speed was extremely fast, like he was bursting out his second wind. This performance, attracted people’s attention and emphasis.

After Hu Immortal blessed land opened, it was connected to the outside world.

Thus, the ten Gu Immortals outside the blessed land immediately found out Fang Zheng’s weird condition.

“Eh? This child, he was at his limit, and was about to be eliminated, how did he suddenly get so energetic?”

“Something’s strange, this speed is even faster than Feng Jin Huang and the others!”

“This junior is from Immortal Crane Sect. So that’s it, I see…”

The ten Gu Immortals exchanged their thoughts, and someone quickly found out Fang Zheng’s trump card.

“He Feng Yang, you sure are generous. Spirit incubating flea is not precious, but to ensure the flea still works, you used one’s own way Gu didn’t you?

He Feng Yang was one of Immortal Crane Sect’s supreme elders, he had a rank six “One’s own way Gu”, everyone knew that.

One’s own way Gu, it allowed other Gu worms to operate in the blessed land.

It was an expenditure Gu, only usable for three times. After three times, it would vanish into thin air.

“He Feng Yang, you had great schemes, using this secret chess piece.”

“I’m flattered. Among the youngsters, Myriad Dragon Dock has Ying Sheng Ji, Spirit Affinity House has Feng Jin Huang, Spirit Butterfly Valley has Xiao Qi Xing, we Immortal Crane Sect cannot contend, thus we had to do this.” He Feng Yang was very modest and low-key.

The other Gu Immortals could only laugh dryly.

They had their own rank six Gu worms, but they did not have one’s own way Gu, they could not provide such assistance.

Rank six Gu worms were Immortal Gu, one in the world. At any point in time, in the whole wide world, only one exists.

Immortal Gu were so much rarer than rank five Gu worms, many rank six Immortals do not even have one Immortal Gu.

Back in Fang Yuan’s previous life, he became an immortal. But to refine his first rank six Spring Autumn Cicada, he spent a massive amount of time and effort, the moment he succeeded, the righteous path attacked him, their motive was the Immortal Gu.

The ten Gu Immortals here, because they relied on their sects, they all had their trump cards. But even then, they only had one to two Immortal Gu.

He Feng Yan had the one’s own way Gu, that means that other Gu Immortals did not!

The most important thing was, He Feng Yang’s act did not exceed their bottomline, nor did he break the rules of the game. The other Gu Immortals could only watch from here, unable to interfere.

“It is a pity my Immortal Gu specializes in attack, if I use it, that would be attacking the Hu Immortal inheritance, it would not work.”

“Although I have a defensive Immortal Gu to protect the soul, my disciples do not have the immortal essence needed to activate it. Otherwise, Hu Immortal Inheritance would be ours for sure.”

“The results are not determined yet, this disciple from Immortal Crane Sect has the help of the spirit incubating flea and has a huge advantage. But he was lagging behind from the start, we will have to see what happens from now…”

“Eighty years ago, He Feng Yang used the one’s own way Gu, this is the second time. That means, the one’s own way Gu in his hand can only be used one more time. He paid such a huge price, only to gain an advantage in competing for the inheritance.”

The other Gu Immortals assessed, and decided to remain observers, not making their moves yet.

…

On San Cha mountain, three pillars of light shot into the sky.

The three kings inheritance opened again, strongly attracting all the southern border Gu Masters.

Just as Tie Mu Bai said, on San Cha mountain, experts started to gather, and a storm was brewing.

“Did you hear? Just yesterday, Li Fei Le came to San Cha mountain.”

“Ah, you mean ‘sturdy as a mountain’ Li Fei Le?”

Soon, another established expert came to San Cha mountain.

Li Fei Le’s cultivation was rank four upper stage, an earth path Gu Master. His title was ‘sturdy as a mountain’, an expert in defense. He was Li clan’s rising star, and was nurtured greatly by the clan. But this person was dedicated towards pursuing strength.

Dedication after losing one’s direction, becomes obsession.

To pursue the greatest strength, he killed people to refine Gu, and was not accepted by the righteous path, becoming a demonic path cultivator.

Li Fei Le was only the start, in the month after, more and more established Gu Masters arrived at San Cha mountain.

The enslavement path Gu Master Zhang San San, when he was rank three peak stage, he killed a rank four Gu Master, now that he was rank four middle stage, people called him the enslavement master.

The righteous path expert Tao Zi, he had a famous rank five healing Gu that was renowned in southern border — spirit peach Gu.

There was also Yun Luo Tian, young clan leader of Yun clan, wind path Gu Master, reaching rank three peak stage at age twenty-three. Right now, he was thirty-five, a step away from rank four peak stage.

More and more famous Gu Masters, like sharks smelling blood, stepped into San Cha mountain, competing for the three kings inheritance and trying to get their share of the pie.

These Gu Masters had at least rank three upper stage cultivation, and some were even rank four realm.

A month later, San Cha mountain saw its fourth rank five Gu Master.

Wang Xiao.

He was the owner of Wu mountain, a demonic Gu Master, rank five poison cultivator, a true overlord of his area.

Two months later, Wu clan’s Wu Lan Shan arrived.

As the number one clan, Wu clan had always been dominating southern border. The Wu Lan Shan they sent was the younger cousin of Wu clan leader, once she appeared, she held a great battle with Wang Xiao.

Although the battle ended in a draw, her performance showed she exceeded Ku Mo and Wu Gui.

Another eight days later, Chou Jiu who was famous among the demonic cultivators, appeared on San Cha mountain’s mountain foot, causing a commotion.

Chou Jiu was also rank five, but had little battle strength. He was a healing Gu Master, the famous killer ghost doctor, one of the four great doctors together with doctor Su Shou, travelling doctor Jiu Zhi, and divine doctor Sheng Shou.

He had a strange personality, having this weird rule, anyone he heals needs to kill a person for him in return.

He saves a live, and takes another. Thus people call him: killer ghost doctor.

He who walks by the river is bound to get his shoes wet. In this cruel world, Gu Masters cannot avoid getting injured and sick, they will have to beg a doctor for help eventually.

The four great doctors healed both demonic and righteous, once the killer ghost doctor ascended San Cha mountain, he was invited by Tie Mu Bai earnestly, and the two drank happily in a banquet.

Time passed by quickly, the three kings inheritance opened and closed, closed and opened.

This day, three kings inheritance opened again.

At the mountain foot, two people appeared.

Soon, people recognised them, screaming in shock: “The black and white twin demons, they are here again!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 376: Fang Yuan courts death 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On the mountain peak, three light pillars of red, blue, and yellow presented themselves before the people.

Compared to the start, observant people could see that these three pillars had dimmed greatly, at the same time their size had shrunk, less than half of the original.

This Gu Immortal Blessed Land that originated from ancient times, had reached its final moments. After being remodelled by the three kings, it was starting to collapse under the plundering of countless Gu Masters.

It was like a sinking ship, the seawater had submerged more than half of it, only the sail and mast are still floating.

“Old clan leader Tie, you first.” After considering for a while, Wu Lan Shan cupped her fists politely at Tie Mu Bai.

Among the rank five Gu Masters present, Tie Mu Bai was still the one with greatest strength.

On this San Cha Mountain, he was the number one person of the rank fives. Even throughout southern border, he was a top-tier rank five Gu Master.

Tie Mu bai’s status was publicly recognised.

Even opponents like Ku Mo and Wu Gui had to admit this point.

Tie Mu Bai looked at the three pillars, nodding: “Then I will go first.”

His every action was under everyone’s observation. The few thousand Gu Masters at the inheritance entrance were all looking at him.

Tie Mu Bai took the lead, entering King Xin Inheritance.

Wu Gui and Ku Mo looked at each other, since Tie Mu Bai chose King Xin Inheritance, they should avoid encountering him.

Between rank five Gu Masters, they tend to avoid such unnecessary competition.

The final battle at the end was the stage for them to unleash their true abilities.

After Tie Mu Bai, Wu Lan Shan, Wang Xiao and the others all chose their respective entrances, entering the inheritance.

Next, Yi Huo was the first rank four peak stage Gu Master to enter, followed by the others.

On San Cha mountain, righteous and demonic Gu Masters were gathered together. Enemies who usually fought on sight became extremely orderly when it came to such huge benefits.

But at this moment, the quiet mountain peak became noisy.

First, it was the Gu Masters standing at the outside area discussing among themselves. Soon, Gu Masters in the inner circle also turned their heads to look.

“It is the black and white twin demons, they are finally back!” Some recognised the source of the commotion, and exclaimed.

“They are the black and white twin demons? The recent rising stars of the demonic path?” Some people saw Fang and Bai for the first time and observed them closely.

“These two youngsters are not simple. One was trapped by the Tie clan old-timers for months without falling. The other is even stronger, fighting seven Tie clansmen single-handedly and even killing Tie Ba Xiu!” Someone introduced.

Fang and Bai had caused a great commotion in San Cha mountain, it left a deep impression on them. Now, many people could still vividly recall the scene.

Tie Ba Xiu… I fought against him before. Fang Zheng is truly not simple, being able to kill him at such a young age.” Someone nodded, his expression turning solemn.

“From what I see, his ‘present age overlord’ is just a overstatement. Letting a junior get famous, he is a disgrace to his generation.” A Gu Master scoffed.

“So what if the black and white demons came? Times are different now, on San Cha mountain, there are six rank five Gu Masters! The two of them are rank four Gu Masters, they can’t do anything here.”

“That’s right, especially after Fang Zheng killed some Tie clansmen, Tie Mu Bai would not let him off. But he is really daring, still having the guts to come here.”

“Isn’t it obvious, he only dared to show up after Tie Mu Bai entered the inheritance.”

The people discussed softly, all sorts of gazes were on Fang and Bai; curiosity, inspection, solemn, and frivolous.

There were also many others who did not look at them, but placed their sights on another person.

This person was standing among the rank four Gu Masters, tight clothing with eyes shining like stars, tightly knit eyebrows, it was Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ruo Nan was a rank four Gu Master, she naturally stood with the rank four Gu Masters to enter the inheritance.

Although Tie Mu Bai was the number one person on San Cha mountain, he had to follow the rules, and be an example. Otherwise, he would not be able to control the Gu Masters on San Cha mountain.

This was the conduct of a leader of the righteous path.

“Fang Zheng, it’s you!” Tie Ruo Nan stood out from the people, staring fiercely at Fang Yuan, her tone extremely agitated.

Seeing Fang Yuan, the enemy who had so many Tie clansmen’s blood on his hands, the young girl’s heart was filled with hatred and anger, she wanted to go and kill him immediately.

Her tightly clenched fists slowly loosened.

Tightened and loosened, loosened and tightened. Such a repetitive action showed the struggle in her heart.

Eventually, Tie Ruo Nan opened her palm, breathing out deeply, her eyes regaining clarity: “Little beast king, you do not have to worry about old clan leader’s attack. Your life is mine, one day, I will kill you, and offer it to the heroic spirit of my Tie clansmen. Just you wait!”

Saying so, the young girl turned around and entered the light pillar, vanishing.

“Is Tie Ruo Nan afraid? She left without fighting!”

“It seems little beast king’s dominance remains, this Tie clan young master did not dare to battle.”

“I feel that this young girl was smart. The three kings inheritance is in front of her, such a rare event should be treasured. What is the point of fighting and killing now?”

Fang Yuan frowned deeply.

Tie Ruo Nan’s performance surprised him. Being able to control her furious emotions, it was not an easy task. Many famous Gu Masters could not do it.

“Tie Ruo Nan… I cannot let you grow further.”

This was rare, Fang Yuan felt threat from someone of the same generation.

The things Tie Mu Bai taught Tie Ruo Nan were not a secret, everyone knew about it. Fang Yuan, of course, knew clearly.

Tie Ruo Nan had talent, aptitude, and her heart was determined. Adding in the nurturing of the clan, she was like a swallow soaring into the heavens, one day, she will rise beyond the clouds, and turn into a phoenix.

Controlling the killing intent in his heart, Fang Yuan walked towards the inheritance entrance.

A large portion of the rank four Gu Masters gave way to them immediately.

“Hold it.” Suddenly, a righteous Gu Master walked up and blocked their paths.

This righteous Gu Master wore white clothing, his sleeves were wide and swayed with the wind, and he had a handsome face. It was none other than Yun clan’s young clan leader, Yun Luo Tian.

“Little beast king, I heard you killed Tie Ba Xiu.” Yun Luo Tian stood before Fang Yuan, after giving him a glance, he started to observe Bai Ning Bing.

“Do you know?” He pointed at Fang Yuan, saying arrogantly: “You won in an unfair way, you used a flying Gu and killed a member my righteous faction, you took the easy way out.”

The atmosphere was extremely heavy.

Yun Luo Tian’s words were very offensive, and Fang Yuan was an arrogant person, at this rate, they were going to fight.

Many Gu Masters took steps back, getting away from these two.

Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan’s eyes were eerie as he looked at Yun Luo Tian, nodding, suddenly laughing: “You are right, I used a loophole and killed Tie Ba Xiu, sorry about that.”

Yun Luo Tian was stunned, he did not think that this little beast king would reply this way. Isn’t this different from the information about him?

These years of closed cultivation, he had trained in the art of flying. He feels that his flying skills were not inferior to the few flying experts of southern border. Thus, he wanted to challenge Fang Yuan, and build his reputation.

But Fang Yuan was so courteous, he could not continue finding problems with him.

Demonic cultivators were evil and ruthless, but he was a righteous member, and the young clan leader of Yun clan, his every action was closely inspected, after all, it represented Yun clan’s image.

Yun Luo Tian stood dazed for a moment before calming his mind: “We let young master Tie Ruo Nan go first because we admire old clan leader Tie Mu Bai. Since you know you had an unfair victory, you should stand down now. There are so many heroes and geniuses here, it is not your turn to enter yet.”

Yun Luo Tian waved his sleeve at Fang Yuan, speaking plainly.

Although he secretly flattered the people around him, it caused them to become even more nervous, and everyone felt a storm approaching.

Just as everyone was preparing for battle, Fang Yuan took a step back: “Sir makes sense. It was my fault, you guys should go first.”

Yun Luo Tian laughed loudly, waving his sleeves and relaxed, walking towards the light pillar, entering after tens of steps.

Although he did not fight with Fang Yuan, he felt the gains were greater.

Not long after, words would spread that he challenged little beast king verbally, and scared this demonic rising star till he retreated.

At that time, his reputation would surge, and Yun clan’s reputation in the righteous faction would rise as well.

After Yun Luo Tian entered the inheritance, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered King Bao Inheritance together.

Seeing them disappear, the remaining rank four Gu Masters started conversing.

“Is this still little beast king? He is so polite?”

“Did he take the wrong medicine, or did I see wrongly? This world is changing too quickly!”

“Hehe, little beast king gave in, he is such a coward. If it was me, I would’ve rolled up my sleeves and fought.”

“Sigh, his opponent is Yun Luo Tian after all! Although Yun clan is not a super clan, it is still a first-class clan.”

…

After his vision of the spinning world calmed down, Fang Yuan assessed his surroundings.

Grey-white sky, light red ground, extended towards the horizons. On the ground, there were pieces of volcanic rocks, hot rising steam, or grey dust cloud.

“Devil again, they descended again!”

“My companions, quickly gather together. As long as we fight together, we can defeat the demon king!”

“Come, our Hong Dan village can only be protected by ourselves!”

The top of volcanic rocks were flipped over, and tiny humans walked out.

These tiny people were the size of babies, they were pink and tender, extremely cute. Most importantly, at the middle of their chests, they had a cute and round red egg.

These were the eggmen.

Similar to the hairy men, they were variant humans.

Fang Yuan gave a glance, and knew these were the red eggmen among the eggmen. The egg on them were red, and they used the large volcanic rocks to build their houses, and lived inside.

At this moment, Fang Yuan could only use one exploding egg Gu.

King Bao Inheritance’s aim was to make Fang Yuan use the exploding egg Gu to exterminate these red eggmen. That way, he can advance to the next round.

Facing the assaulting red eggmen, Fang Yuan did not move.

He let them attack him.

These attacks accumulated, quickly injuring him heavily.

Fang Yuan could not breathe properly, he was bathed in blood and the feeling of death was creeping up on him. At this moment, even if he used the exploding egg Gu, it could not change the situation.

Letting himself get into such a dangerous situation, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile.

“This moment has finally arrived!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 377: Refining an Immortal Gu! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A bunch of short red eggmen encircled Fang Yuan, attacking constantly.

“Eh? Is this devil a fool, why is he not moving?”

“If only all devils were such fools, that would be great!”

“Do not let your guard down, devils are extremely crafty, quickly kill him.”

Seeing Fang Yuan about to die, the red eggmen cheered victoriously.

But at this moment, a formless energy descended and swept Fang Yuan away!

Falling into encirclement, the dying and unconsciously Fang Yuan vanished without a trace, leaving behind a bunch of shocked red eggmen.

When Fang Yuan woke up from his slumber, the scenery before him was completely different than before.

This was a dark blue colored hall.

The hall was extremely plain, made with large cube bronze blocks. There were a lot of moss on the blocks, showing how long they have already existed.

Fang Yuan laid on the center of the hall, feeling the chill from the bronze block under his back.

“I’ve already healed your injuries.” A large tortoise opened its wrinkled eyes slowly, staring at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan slowly got up from the ground, first touching his own body, his injuries were truly healed.

Next, he looked around the hall in a calm expression.

Lastly, he turned his gaze over towards the huge tortoise before him.

This huge tortoise was large as a house, a thick and hard jade thin shell on its back. Its four legs were like elephant legs, and there were two dragon whiskers growing out of its face.

Fang Yuan looked at this huge tortoise, his lips curling into a smile, as his smile turned into laughter.

“Hahaha…” His laughter echoed in the hall.

He purposely courted death, not even using the Spring Autumn Cicada, it was all because of his previous life’s knowledge and information, there was a huge risk involved. It could be said, one wrong move and game over . But a demonic cultivator moved forward relentlessly, they were most skilled at all-in gambles. Right now, Fang Yuan reached the main hall, and his risks had all paid off.

After laughing heartily, Fang Yuan stopped laughing, facing the huge tortoise: “Land spirit Ba Gui, you finally awakened from your slumber.”

“You know me?” The huge tortoise’s voice created vibrations as there was some suspicion in its eyes.

“That’s right, I know you, and I also know the secret of this blessed land.” Fang Yuan nodded, walking in the hall with his hands behind his back.

“This blessed land originated from an ancient strength path Gu Immortal. The Gu Immortal protected the blessed land, resisting calamities and tribulations, but eventually, he died in one of the tribulations. His dying wish gathered with this blessed land’s heavenly power, formed the land spirit. That is you, Ba Gui. As long as I complete his wish before he died, I can become the new owner of this blessed land, am I right about that?”

Fang Yuan spoke openly, not beating about the bush.

Although the land spirit is formed from the Gu Immortal, it is no longer human, but merely the immortal’s will.

Using an explanation from Earth, that would be, a preprogrammed AI 1 .

As long as the land spirit’s requirement is met, one can gain its recognition and become the new owner of the blessed land.

Thus, when Fang Yuan spoke, there was no need for any schemes or plots.

The huge tortoise nodded: “That’s right, his final wish before dying is also the blessed land’s test. As long as you can complete it, you can become my master.”

“And the contents of this wish, is to refine the second aperture Gu right?” Fang Yuan followed.

During ancient times, strength path flourished, eight out of ten Gu Masters walked the strength path.

This blessed land’s original master, was a strength path Gu Immortal, he created the recipe for second aperture Gu. But right before the crucial step, he died in a tribulation.

After he died, this final obsession became the land spirit.

That is, the huge tortoise before Fang Yuan now.

To complete this wish, the huge tortoise had been waiting aimlessly. But time passed, and no one that fulfilled the criteria showed up.

This fated person, had to be a strength path Gu Master, owned beast phantoms, and also strong to a degree.

Next, this strength path Gu Master had to be on the brink of death to receive this opportunity.

This is because, the blessed land’s previous owner had a lot of lingering grudge and hatred, refusing to let others gain his fortune so easily.

But he still wanted to refine the second aperture Gu, thus there was such a requirement for the fated person to be as close to death as possible, just like him. Only someone who had shared his emotion could be qualified to gain everything.

But time passed, and the calamities and tribulations continued to occur.

The land spirit Ba Gui could not find a suitable strength path Gu Master.

To preserve its immortal essence, it could only choose to slumber helplessly.

The wide and huge blessed land, after many calamities and tribulations, had shrunk to less than one percent of its original size.

One calamity was enough to puncture a thousand holes in the blessed land.

Thus, there was a hole created, and a path to the outside world was connected to the blessed land.

Three roaming kids came here and relied on the blessed land’s resources to cultivate to fruition. These were the three kings of the demonic path.

After the three kings got their revenge, they returned to the blessed land to live.

As time passed, they got more familiar with the blessed land and were a step away from rank six.

But in the end, none of them broke through and before dying, they remodelled the place into the three kings inheritance ground.

The three kings walked on the refinement, fire, and enslavement path, none was a strength path Gu Master.

The moment the remodelling began, the land spirit was woken up.

It watched silently without stopping them. It wanted to use this inheritance to attract qualified strength path Gu Masters as well.

When the three kings inheritance opened, countless Gu Masters entered, and increased the blessed land’s immortal essence expenditure. As the blessed land faced the risk of destruction, the huge tortoise awakened from its slumber.

After waking up, the first thing the land spirit did was to find the fated person.

In the entire blessed land, there were many strength path Gu Masters. But those who fulfilled its requirements were none.

In ancient times, strength path was mainstream. But now that times have changed, strength path was eliminated, on the brink of extinction. Those who truly cultivated strength path to a high level, were even rarer.

Hearing Fang Yuan talk about the second aperture Gu, the land spirit Ba Gui was stunned: “You know a lot.”

It felt strange, but did not pursue the matter.

To it, the fated person had already been found, now the next target was to refine the second aperture Gu.

However, it was not easy to refine second aperture Gu.

That is because, second aperture Gu was not a mortal Gu, it was a rank six Immortal Gu!

But Fang Yuan was already mentally prepared, directly asking: “Second aperture Gu is a rank six Gu. Rank five is mortal, rank six is immortal! To refine an Immortal Gu, the most basic condition is immortal essence! In the blessed land, how much immortal essence is left?”

The tortoise turned its body, gazing deep within the hall.

The flooring cracked open, as a hole appeared, and a bronze cauldron rose slowly. Eventually, the flooring closed up, leaving the cauldron alone in the hall.

This cauldron had three legs and two handles, it was filled with immortal essence inside.

The immortal essence was a greenish water, crystal clear and giving off a rusty smell.

There was very little immortal essence, only a thin layer left in the cauldron, and as time flowed, it slowly decreased drop by drop.

This is because, after the blessed land opened, countless Gu Masters explored, and entered and left multiple times, expending immortal essence.

“But this is already much better than in my previous life. As long as I ration it properly…” Fang Yuan looked at this layer of immortal essence, thinking deeply, as sparks seemed to be flying above his head.

In his previous life, after the three kings inheritance opened, the land spirit waited but did not meet its fated owner.

Only towards the end of the inheritance did the land spirit find a suitable, dying strength path Gu Master and transported him in.

This lucky person was a demonic path member, surviving the ordeal and benefitting from the crisis.

However, he was very poor at refining Gu worms, when he started the refinement process, he died.

Towards the end, Gu Masters had a great understanding of the three kings inheritance, and knew when to advance and retreat. They all had some trump cards or tokens to preserve their lives, and could easily leave at will.

Towards the end, the blessed land could not sustain it much more, and Gu Masters could freely use their Gu worms, fighting and causing bloodshed.

Where there are battles, there are deaths and injuries.

The land spirit found a chance, and chose a few strength path Gu Masters from among them.

But by then, it was already too late. There was a severe lack of immortal essence, and the land spirit was severely weakened, unable to do anything.

In the end, the blessed land continued to break down, as Gu Masters found this hall. Arriving here, they battled with the land spirit, and killed the strength path Gu Master who was refining the Gu.

Only then did they know, that San Cha mountain’s blessed land held such a secret.

But at that time, immortal essence was expended, and the land spirit was dead, the Gu refinement ended in utter failure.

The legendary second aperture Gu, became extinct before the first one was even created.

“Second aperture Gu, allowing a Gu Master to have a second aperture. Even an idiot would know the value of this Gu! I have A grade aptitude now, one aperture holds ninety percent primeval essence. If I have the second aperture Gu, I would have a hundred and eighty percent primeval essence. At the same time, I can have double the primeval essence recovery speed, and even a second set of Gu worms. My battle strength will surge, and create history for myself. Once I succeed, I will definitely be the strongest person among the same rank!”

Fang Yuan was secretly excited.

But to refine this Immortal Gu, the process was really difficult, it would not be an easy task. Even Tie Mu Bai would feel stunned at this.

But to Fang Yuan, it was another situation all together.

Firstly, he was a rank six Gu Immortal in his past life who used the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth, he also succeeded in refining the Spring Autumn Cicada, he had the precious experience of creating an Immortal Gu.

Secondly, ever since the three kings inheritance opened, he had been plotting.

He challenged strength path Gu Masters everywhere, eliminating his competition. Xue San Si, Century Boy, they were all chosen by the land spirit in his previous life, but now, they died in Fang Yuan’s hands.

Lastly, he had the help of the land spirit.

In his previous life, the land spirit was already very weak when he saw the first lucky person. Towards the end, it was so feeble it got killed by a bunch of mortals.

But this life was different!

Fang Yuan approached death purposely, coming here in advance, he would receive great help from the land spirit.

“Back then, that Gu Immortal had made ample preparations to refine this Gu. With such a foundation, I have at least fifty percent chance of succeeding in this refinement.

Back when Fang Yuan refined Spring Autumn Cicada, he had less than twenty percent chance of succeeding. Now that he was refining the second aperture Gu, he had fifty percent, it was extremely high!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Soon, Fang Yuan calmed down.

Second aperture Gu was only an opportunity, to make it a reality, it needed planning and effort.

“Whether the refinement of second aperture Gu succeeds or fails, a large amount of immortal essence will be consumed. Without immortal essence, the blessed land cannot contend against the upcoming earthly calamity and heavenly tribulation. That is to say, even if I become the owner of the blessed land, this blessed land can no longer be saved and I will have to give up on it.”

“Thus, second aperture Gu will be my greatest reward for this trip.”

However, the whole matter was not so easy and simple. The situation Fang Yuan was facing now was extremely complex.

With the start of the refinement of second aperture Gu, the remaining immortal essence would start decreasing sharply; the blessed land would weaken greatly and the assistance the land spirit could give would become lesser and lesser.

At the same time, he also needed to consider the Gu Masters within the blessed land. If they discovered this main hall, they were sure to attack together just like in his previous life and disrupt the process of the Gu refinement.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with sharp light and after pondering for a while, he took the initiative to demand: “Land spirit, tell me the recipe for refining the second aperture Gu.”

Land spirit Ba Gui slowly nodded its head and its deep voice entered Fang Yuan’s ears: “Then listen properly, this is the full content of the recipe.”

“Rotten soil blood powder, treasure flower in the earth. Jade bone turned into petals, ice muscles into stalks and golden relic into the heart of the flower. A bright stellar fire, gather ice and snow into plains. Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold above, add beast phantoms in the middle until lightning crackles, creating beast strength placenta, and start collecting apertures… Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete!”

The recipe content was huge and had close to ten thousand words.

Fang Yuan’s expression turned grave as he listened.

There were up to a thousand steps in refining this second aperture Gu. The early stage involved hundreds of types of materials, the middle stage used up large numbers of rank four and rank five Gu, and it continued to become more arduous as it got closer to the last step, until finally, it needed the use of another rank six Immortal Gu!

“This is not good, the difficulty in refining second aperture Gu is many times higher than I estimated. The intel in my previous life only talked of the early stage of the recipe mixed with much misinterpretation from the people involved.”

Fang Yuan’s heart sank, the fifty percent confidence he had turned to about thirty percent after he heard the recipe.

“You don’t need to worry too much, large amounts of materials and Gu worms for refining second aperture Gu had already been stored in this main hall.”

With the land spirit’s words, the whole main hall was suffused with dark blue light.

The brilliant radiance shone over the main hall; the relief sculptures on the surface of the main hall suddenly protruded out and turned into solid.

Fang Yuan was amazed at this change: “This is clearly a kind of storage method, this is the first time I am seeing it. Sigh, many methods of the ancient era had disappeared along the river of time.”

Materials after materials of all kinds dazzled his eyes. There were at least five thousand Gu worms from rank one to rank five; among them, there were over six hundred rank four Gu and no less than eighty rank five Gu!

Rank five Gu which were very rare in the outside world had unexpectedly numbered to almost a hundred at this main hall. And the expensive rank four Gu had apparently become as rare as cabbages here.

“So many top-tier materials! There are so many Gu which I have never seen… these strength path Gu, if I obtain them, my battle strength will definitely rise by over ten-folds! And there are also over ten yellow gold relic Gu along with eight purple crystal relic Gu! If I used them, I will be able to advance to rank five peak stage within moments!”

Fang Yuan looked at these rank four and rank five Gu, and had a thought of giving up the refinement of second aperture Gu and directly taking all these Gu worms.

However, this impulse was immediately extinguished by him.

With the land spirit beside him keeping guard, these Gu worms could only be used to refine second aperture Gu and he was unable to use them for his personal use.

Secondly, second aperture Gu would be a great help in the future if it was refined, and it would provide enormous help even at rank six realm.

Second aperture Gu was a long term investment and its benefits would soar to the sky especially after one reached rank six.

“There is still one extremely crucial Gu worm left.” Ba Gui said and opened his eyes, using all his strength to control this main hall.

The blue radiance increased sharply and reached and unbearable intensity.

The immortal essence in the bronze cauldron began deplete bit by bit.

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, and within this blue light, he saw a confined Immortal Gu.

It was like a round gem, the gem’s whole body was yellow and was hollow inside with a ball of purple smoke in it.

This smoke transformed constantly; suddenly turning into a pegasus or an immortal crane the next moment, or changing into a moving cloud or pure thunderbolt.

Following its appearance, a strong wine fragrance spread through the whole main hall.

Fang Yuan took a few breaths and immediately felt drunk; his eyes turned hazy and his mind became dizzy, he immediately held his breath.

“This is the rank six Immortal Gu — Divine Travel.” The land spirit introduced.

Divine travel Gu!

Fang Yuan opened his eyes wide and stared at this Gu without even blinking.

Divine Travel Gu was very mysterious and also legendary. Its earliest appearance was in >.

> was the first classic of Gu. It appeared to be a story when one first read it but it actually held profound messages, recording the secrets of the ancient times and all kinds of Gu. Some Gu were directly described like wisdom Gu, strength Gu and so on. And some Gu were hidden, their descriptions were very vague, requiring the readers to dig through it and study carefully.

In the legends of Ren Zu, divine travel Gu’s earliest appearance was beside Verdant Great Sun.

Verdant Great Sun drank four different top-tier wines in the world; the dense liquor aura in his body congealed into divine travel Gu.

Divine travel Gu had the power to send the Gu Master to any place in the world. But its activation required the Gu Master to be in a drunken state and its destination also could not be controlled.

Verdant Great Sun was transported to many dangerous places and suffered a lot due to divine travel Gu, his life on the line several times.

“Divine travel Gu might be one of the four great movement Gu and is very powerful at that, but its flaw is extremely big, who would dare to use it? Even Verdant Great Sun had no choice but to refine divine travel Gu into fixed immortal travel Gu in the end. No wonder the original master of this blessed land chose this Gu to refine into second aperture Gu.”

Fixed immortal travel Gu was also one of the four great movement Gu and could send the Gu Master to any place they wanted to, even if the destination was at the edge of the world. But the prerequisite was that the Gu Master needed to have a concrete impression of their destination. If there was any huge changes to their destination, they would fail in using the fixed immortal travel Gu.

Fang Yuan carefully pondered and understood the intentions of this ancient strength path Gu Immortal.

Divine travel Gu might be at the noble rank six but its every use carried extremely high risk and had low worth in using. Thus, Verdant Great Sun refined it into fixed immortal travel Gu, while this ancient strength path Gu Master thought of using it to refine second aperture Gu.

The land spirit Ba Gui carefully resealed the divine travel Gu and asked: “When do you plan on beginning the refinement?”

“There is no rush, let me first study this recipe properly.” Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the spot and closed his eyes to contemplate.

Humans were the spirit of all living beings and Gu were the essence of the world.

After a Gu Master’s cultivation reached a profound level, they would understand a principle; a Gu Master using Gu was not simply using the Gu worms as a tool. But rather, it was a way to understand heaven and earth.

Gu worms were the vessels that carry the law fragments of the Great Dao. Refining Gu was not simply following random steps but was based on the understanding of law fragments.

A recipe not only contained the process of refining Gu, but even more importantly, it contained its creator’s comprehension of heaven and earth.

From this recipe, Fang Yuan could study the experimentation and insights of the original owner of this blessed land, the ancient strength path Gu Immortal. And when he compared them with his own experiences, he would gain an even deeper understanding of the Great Dao; this was absolutely a beneficial matter.

“Gu Master can only have one aperture from birth, if there was a second aperture, this would truly be an act of defying heaven. I see why divine travel Gu was chosen.”

Fang Yuan opened his eyes after a long while, gaining a deeper understanding of the whole refinement process.

“Land spirit, let’s start the refinement!”

“Okay.” Land spirit immediately responded and gave two kinds of materials and a Gu worm to Fang Yuan.

First material was green pond rotten soil which originated ten thousand feet deep under a rotten and poisonous marsh, and was extremely toxic. Even Fang Yuan’s arm would be rotten within a few breaths if he touched it.

Second material was a blood colored powder which had a rather large origin. The blood of eight kinds of immemorial desolate beasts were mixed, solidified and then grinded to form this powder.

The Gu worm, however, was common and Fang Yuan had come in touch with it at Qing Mao mountain.

It was earth treasury flower.

Earth treasury flower was a storage Gu. Flower wine monk planted it in the depths of the cave to store several Gu worms which were obtained by Fang Yuan in the end.

With the land spirit’s assistance, Fang Yuan mixed the green pond rotten soil and eight desolate blood powder.

After the mixture became an evenly distributed soil, he planted the earth treasury flower in it.

Earth treasury flower immediately decayed and died when it entered the soil. Whether it was the toxicity of the green pond rotten soil or the violent nature of the eight desolate blood powder, they both were something the earth treasury flower could not endure easily.

However, Fang Yuan had already anticipated this situation and was not discouraged.

Land spirit took out another earth treasury flower Gu, and Fang Yuan casually planted it.

That ancient strength path Gu Immortal had already foreseen the probability of failure in every step and had thus prepared enough spare material.

After continuously failing several times, Fang Yuan finally succeeded in planting the earth treasury flower in the soil.

Green pool rotten soil’s toxicity and the blood power of the eight desolate blood powder formed a kind of subtle balance, causing a strange transformation within the earth treasury flower Gu.

This was the first step of the recipe —  rotten soil blood powder, treasure flower in the earth .

Next was ‘jade bone turned into petals, ice muscles into stalks and golden relic into the heart of the flower’ ; it required the use of jade bone Gu, ice muscle Gu and yellow golden relic Gu along with skilled Gu refinement techniques.

Third step ‘bright stellar fire, gather ice and snow into plains’ ; this could easily be misunderstood with stellar fire Gu and snowy plain Gu. But the firepower from that would be inadequate. In fact, the two phrases needed to be combined to be understood, the true answer was to use stellar fire prairie Gu together with snowy plain Gu, only then would there be balance.

Fang Yuan followed the order one by one.

At the fourth step ‘Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold above’; this tested his multitasking ability.

Fang Yuan first used yang cloud Gu with elixir fire Gu, then activated yin cloud Gu and used golden sand Gu.

The yin and yang clouds mixed with the smoke from previous steps. Spheres of fiery orange elixir fire rose up from the yang cloud. The golden sand fell down from the yin cloud like a light drizzle.

“Yin above and yang below is anti-balance… this is the critical juncture! Go, white elephant beast phantom.” Fang Yuan’s eyes burst out with divine light as he activated all-out effort Gu and summoned white elephant phantom.

White elephant phantom collided into the center of yin and yang clouds and was grinded down by elixir fire and golden sand.

With a soft explosion, white elephant phantom turned into a ball of white light and revolved in the air.

“Again, black python beast phantom.” Fang Yuan pointed and sacrificed another beast strength phantom.

Black python entered the center of the clouds and quickly turned into black ray and spun around the white light; the two were in an endless tangle.

“Stone turtle beast phantom, horse beast phantom.” Another two beast phantoms flew out of Fang Yuan’s body.

Four beast phantoms tangled against each other and formed a whirlpool of colorful light, but there was still something lacking.

“Strange! Why have they not fused?” Fang Yuan was baffled, this was the first difficulty he had ran into.

The colorful whirlpool was being grinded down by the elixir fire and the golden sand, and was continuously becoming smaller; the multiple auras could not fuse together.

Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought as he looked at the process which was about to end in failure: “Wait a second, could it be…”

He began to control the four beast phantoms.

White elephant beast phantom was steady and simple. Black python phantom was coiling and cold. Stone turtle phantom was still as a mountain. And horse beast phantom ran with the wind.

These four beast phantoms were just carelessly tangling with each other before, but under Fang Yuan’s control now, each of them began to display their true disposition and nature.

Boom!

Thunder crackled and a strange transformation began.

Yin and yang clouds moved, yin cloud sank down and yang cloud rose up; the two forming into a whole entity.

The mist surged and mixed ceaselessly with lightning and thunder constantly crackling inside.

“So it was like that. No wonder it needed strength path Gu Master, although those who merely possessed beast phantoms would still not be able to succeed. The Gu Master must understand the true nature of each beast phantom to start the fusion.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of relief and comprehended the process.

Rumble…

Lightning crackled and thunder exploded.

The sound was like war drums, becoming more condensed and finally blending into one.

Boom Boom Boom…

Under continuous rumbling sounds, the mist completely fused into one color before suddenly exploding.

A frenzy wind blew, dispersing all the clouds and mist.

Only one Gu remained in the air.

This Gu was rank five Gu and was like a disk. Its surface was rough like an embryo made of grass and soil. In the middle of the disk was a ferocious beast with the head of a horse, tusks of an elephant, body of a turtle and the tail of a snake.

“This is the beast strength placenta Gu.” Fang Yuan relaxed his mind when he saw this Gu; the moment he relaxed, he fell down to the ground and fell asleep.

He had used a total of five days and five nights to refine this Gu. He had not rested a moment during this time and had been multitasking the whole time; his mental energy had been used to the limits, and he was extremely exhausted.

This sleep lasted for a day and a night before Fang Yuan woke up.

He touched the beast strength placenta Gu and recalled the recipe: “Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold from above, add beast phantoms in the middle till lightning crackles, creating beast strength placenta, and start collecting apertures…”

“Next is gathering apertures!” Thinking of this, he stood up and said to the land spirit: “Ba Gui, it is time.”

Ba Gui was also straightforward: “Alright, I can send you to wherever you want to go in the blessed land.”

A large map appeared in front of Fang Yuan along with all kinds of scenes, displaying everything in the blessed land.

Everything from Gu Masters, hairy men, dog beasts and so on were clearly shown.

“This place.” Fang Yuan searched through the map before his gaze fixed on a place, and pointed at it.

Next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared and appeared in front of Tie Mu Bai.

“You.” Tie Mu Bai was exploring the inheritance and was slightly surprised by Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance.

 But he calmed down soon and was just about to say something when Fang Yuan quickly waved his hand and luckily summoned a rock crocodile phantom.

Bam!

Tie Mu Bai’s head was smacked by the rock crocodile’s tail, and it exploded like a watermelon —

He, was dead.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 379: All according to plan 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan killed Tie Mu Bai and immediately pounced on his headless corpse, grabbing his arm and letting his mind enter the aperture.

The aperture walls were crystal clear, as the primeval sea ebbed and flowed.

Rank five Gu Masters have purple crystal primeval essence. Initial stage is light purple primeval essence, middle stage is violet purple primeval essence, upper stage is deep purple primeval essence, and peak stage is crystal purple primeval essence.

Tie Mu Bai was a rank five peak stage Gu Master, he had crystal clear primeval essence, like the liquid form of crystals, great power was hidden within its beautiful appearance.

The difference between rank five peak stage and rank four upper stage was very huge. Furthermore, he had ninety-eight percent of such primeval essence, even a hundred Fang Yuan could not compare to him.

In the purple crystal primeval sea, there were Gu worms flying.

A golden small hand, flew randomly above the sea, like a golden light. This was Tie Mu Bai’s vital Gu, the rank five Gu worm that he had once used when he battled Ku Mo and Wu Gui on San Cha mountain — turn gold Gu!

Turn gold Gu had great power, any lifeform that was hit by hit would turn into pure gold, losing their life.

Even Ku Mo and Wu Gui did not dare to take the attack head on. As for Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and the other rank four peak stage cultivators, they did not even dare to observe the battle, taking the initiative to avoid them.

This was Tie Mu Bai’s strongest long range attack method.

If Fang Yuan tried to use long range battle, the beast phantoms that possessed the strength qi would turn into golden statues after being hit by the golden light, sacrificing themselves. Fang Yuan would not be able to retrieve them anymore.

Other than turn gold Gu, at the bottom of the purple crystal sea, there was a yellow-gold current.

This current was like melted gold, swimming at the bottom of the sea.

This was the liquid metal Gu, also rank five, once activated, it had great defenses, and allowed a Gu Master to have no worries regarding defense. Most amazingly, it was liquid form, and could change its shape at will, even if it was broken through, it could regather itself like water, and was a tough nut to crack.

If Tie Mu Bai used liquid metal Gu, even if Fang Yuan used all his strength, he would not be able to break this defense.

In the purple crystal sea, there was another eyeball. It seemed inconspicuous, but it gave off a golden light at times, gathering attention and was more alluring than the stars in the sky.

This was the vajra stare Gu.

It was also rank five, but was not an investigative method, rather it was an attack type Gu.

Once activated by a Gu Master, the formless stare gains attacking power, like a giant pole slamming into a person’s heart. Once eye contact was made, it could directly attack an opponent’s soul.

This Gu was hidden by Tie Mu Bai, even during the battle against Ku Mo and Wu Gui, it was not used.

Once used, it would be a contest of souls between both Gu Masters, and the victor would be decided, it was a trump card that should only be used at the end.

Tie Mu Bai had once used many different Gu to strengthen his soul’s foundation. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan walked the strength path, his soul was not strengthened.

If Tie Mu Bai used the vajra stare Gu, he just needed to maintain eye contact with Fang Yuan for a second, and Fang Yuan’s soul would be completely destroyed.

To use this vajra stare Gu, golden eyes have to be used.

If one used ordinary eyes for this, they might turn themselves blind. Only by using two golden eye Gu, and turning one’s own eyes into golden eyes could they use the vajra stare Gu safely.

Evidently, since Tie Mu Bai had the vajra stare Gu, he naturally had golden eyes.

Just like how Fang Yuan turned his skin into bronze skin, and bones into essence iron bones.

Other than these three rank five Gu, Tie Mu Bai’s body also had four rank four Gu worms. Golden dragon Gu, golden breeze Gu, golden coat Gu, golden aurora Gu, all of them were outstanding Gu worms, and were high quality Gu worms within the metal path.

These Gu worms were all excavated by Fang Yuan.

After confirming that Tie Mu Bai did not have any other Gu worms on him, Fang Yuan took out the beast strength placenta Gu, and activated it around Tie Mu Bai’s stomach.

After Tie Mu Bai lost his life, his aperture started to shrink. Right now, after being sucked by the beast strength placenta Gu, the aperture flew out of Tie Mu Bai’s body, and landed in the placenta, devoured by the wild beast inside the placenta.

After devouring the aperture, the rough and coarse beast strength placenta Gu became lustrous and shiny, the original embryo looked like it was made of soil and had crevices on the surface, but now it looked different, thick and tightly packed, just like a concrete brick.

This beast strength placenta Gu was used like this, according to the blessed land’s original owner’s peculiar idea. Continuously absorbing Gu Masters aperture, then slowly accumulating and changing qualitatively.

To refine the second aperture Gu, apertures were naturally the main ingredient.

The beast strength placenta Gu that was refined was intended to plunder other people’s apertures. Killing lives to attain success, this was a demonic path method, one could easily tell that the ancient strength path Gu Immortal was not a kind person.

This beast strength placenta Gu, if others used it, they might feel guilt, but Fang Yuan was extremely fine with using it, he had no mental pressure at all.

In his previous life, to refine the Spring Autumn Cicada, he killed people in more than ten thousand miles of land, blood flowed into a river as he caused an immense bloodshed in the world, he could not even count how many people he killed. How could killing a single Gu Master now affect him?

“Good, good, good! This beast strength placenta Gu, after absorbing Tie Mu Bai’s aperture, it already raised the second aperture Gu’s aptitude to forty percent. Great, excellent.”

“Using numbers to make up for quality in order to break through, this is the rule of using sheer quantity to trigger a qualitative change. Going beyond the mortal world, and becoming an Immortal Gu, how can there be no price to pay? Back then when I refined the Spring Autumn Cicada, I slaughtered over ten million people, that was also because of this.”

“The better the aperture that is absorbed and the larger the numbers, the higher the aptitude of the second aperture Gu that is refined in the future. Next, I have to kill Gu Masters, go on a killing spree and use all their apertures to raise my beast strength placenta Gu. Hahaha, hahahaha…”

Fang Yuan inspected the beast strength placenta Gu carefully, extremely pleased and raised his head up as he laughed.

Why did he kill Tie clan’s group? It was to make Tie clan furious and send a rank five Gu Master.

The arrival of one rank five Gu Master would break the balance, causing a chain reaction and attracting even more rank five Gu Masters.

“These rank five, rank four Gu Masters are all my prey! To assist me in refining the second aperture Gu!” Fang Yuan laughed.

All his plots and schemes, these few years of planning, and all the risks he took, it was all for this moment.

How incredibly amazing is this, this is the best feeling!!

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, his black hair flying with the wind, as demonic blaze burned in his eyes.

Looking at actual battle strength, the rank five peak stage Tie Mu Bai was over a hundred times stronger than Fang Yuan!

Just simply the turn gold Gu, if Fang Yuan was hit, he would be dead, there was no way to survive.

Even if Tie Mu Bai only used rank four Gu, his rank five peak stage crystal purple primeval essence was not something Fang Yuan’s yellow gold primeval essence could compete with.

But!

In the three kings inheritance, Gu Masters were restricted by the heavenly power, and were unable to use their Gu worms, at the same time, their defenses were all limited, and they became extremely fragile.

But Fang Yuan was different —

He has the land spirit’s help.

What was the land spirit? The lord of the blessed land! With its help, Fang Yuan could use his Gu worms inside the three kings inheritance.

Meanwhile, Tie Mu Bai had his rank five peak stage cultivation, but his strong Gu set was unusable.

Standing before Fang Yuan, he was a living target, just a livestock. Stripped of all his defenses, he was fragile as a baby.

He could not even use a single metal path Gu worm, he could not even self-detonate.

He worked hard all his life, accumulating this set of Gu worms, and now it all went to Fang Yuan.

After Fang Yuan killed Tie Mu Bai, he kept all the Gu worms inside his aperture.

The Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura could only suppress rank four Gu worms. These three rank five Gu could not be controlled by Fang Yuan, but because of the location, these Gu worms were restricted by the heavenly power, unable to move at all.

As Fang Yuan’s primeval essence refined them, they gave up and changed owners.

“Good, you obtained a rank five peak stage aperture, this way, the second aperture Gu’s aptitude has risen to forty percent. But you must take note, to transport you earlier, and support your attack, we expended quite a bit of immortal essence.” Land spirit’s voice came, warning Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan stopped laughing, his expression calming down: “I have already considered that.”

He sneered, his eyes glowing with brilliance, as his tone was extremely confident and in control of the situation.

He continued: “Ba Gui, you have slept for too long, the blessed land was remodelled by the three kings, you lost too much control of it. Even as the spirit of the blessed land, although you can overwrite these changes, that would use up too much immortal essence. There is little immortal essence left inside the cauldron, if we split these essence into sixteen portions, then the amount we used earlier would be half a portion.”

Ba Gui was stunned, praising: “You are absolutely correct. You actually managed to calculate the expenditure of the immortal essence so accurately, your performance has truly amazed me!”

Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his past life, he was extremely familiar with the use of immortal essence. It was easy to make such accurate calculations.

“I estimate that among the sixteen portions, at least eight is needed for the refinement of the second aperture Gu. As for the remaining eight, we need four to sustain the blessed land, and to kill Gu Masters, we need a bit more than three portions. The final bit would be kept to deal with emergencies.

But Ba Gui said: “Young man, you are wrong this time. To refine the Immortal Gu, we need ten portions, and to maintain the three kings inheritance, we only need two. After you kill enough people, I will close the blessed land.”

“No, I am not wrong.” Fang Yuan shook his head: “To refine the second aperture Gu, although we need to expend immortal essence, the expenditure of some steps can be replaced with primeval stones. That way, we can save two portions of immortal essence. Furthermore, you cannot close the inheritance, you have to keep the entrance open the entire time.”

“Why?” Land spirit asked.

Fang Yuan replied: “Because once you close the inheritance, the matter of me killing rank five Gu Masters would be exposed. By then, such a situation would attract even stronger foes.”

“Even if you close the blessed land, you cannot chase away the Gu Masters who remain in the inheritance. That is because the three kings modified the blessed land, you will need to waste a lot of immortal essence to expel them. Immortal essence is already running low, even portion is important, it is needed for refinement.”

“Towards the later stage of the refinement, immortal essence will run low, and the blessed land will be on the brink of collapsing, and have lots of loopholes, connecting to the outside world. It is no use closing the blessed land, when your strength falls drastically, this hall would be discovered. By then, we would be attacked by the Gu Masters, and the refinement would be likely to fail.”

After a while of silence, the land spirit said: “You are right, but your method has a fatal flaw. If we use primeval stones to replace the immortal essence, you need at least thirty million primeval stones. Do you have so many?”

Fang Yuan laughed loudly!

“I only have a million primeval stones on me, it is obviously not enough. But it is not a problem, there are other Gu Masters, especially these rank four and five Gu Masters, they are definitely rich, after we kill them, do we have to worry about primeval stones?”

Ba Gui considered it for a bit: “You are right, the help I can give you will shrink. Towards the end of the refinement, that is the most important step, we will act according to your suggestion.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 380: Slaughtering Rank Five 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

A battle between dogs ended.

“Steel armor dog group’s defense is so strong.” The rank five demonic Gu Master Ku Mo had several hundred steel armor dogs around him, feeling extremely pleased.

The steel armor dogs had thick leather armor, black and heavy, like steel. In the King Quan Inheritance, it had the greatest defense among dogs for the first fifty rounds.

Just earlier, Ku Mo controlled the dog groups, and had a victorious battle.

His battle result was outstanding, using the dog enslavement Gu to recruit a jade eye dog king.

This jade eye dog king was not only a hundred beast king, it also had a wild Gu worm that was effective against the Yin dogs.

“Last time, I failed because of the Yin dogs. Ordinary dogs cannot hit these formless bodies, with the jade eye dog king, I have no fear now.”

This was only the eighteenth round of the King Quan Inheritance, and Ku Mo already had a dog king, and a large number of steel armor dogs.

He was after all a rank five Gu Master, he had amazing methods.

At the same time, his luck this time was great.

King Quan Inheritance was like this, it was the one which required luck the most among the three inheritances. If you start out well, your advantages will snowball and make it easier to pass the middle and later stages.

“Last time, I only got to the sixty-eighth round, I am too embarrassed to speak of such a result! This time, I got lucky and had such a great start. But I cannot be complacent, Tie Mu Bai chose King Xin Inheritance this time, I heard that previously, he got to over eighty rounds.”

Thinking of Tie Mu Bai, Ku Mo’s heart became heavy.

He knew that if he fought alone, he was not Tie Mu Bai’s match. Thus, when he chose the inheritance, he purposely avoided Tie Mu Bai, and chose the King Quan Inheritance.

The truth is, among the three inheritances, King Xin Inheritance was the easiest to get through for the first few rounds. The Gu Master can disrupt the hairy men with words, and win without a fight.

This shortcut method was obviously spread out by Fang Yuan.

Ku Mo thought about it for a while, before collecting his thoughts and decided to use his time to continue advancing through the rounds.

Just at this moment, before him, space tore open and an unfamiliar young man appeared.

“Eh? Who is it!” Ku Mo was shocked!

He had tried the three kings inheritance many times. He had a clear understanding of it, but this scene had happened before him causing him to be stunned in disbelief.

The person was naturally Fang Yuan.

He heard Ku Mo’s shouting and laughed: “Who is it? The person who wants your life!”

Saying so, he activated golden dragon Gu.

The golden dragon appeared, roaring. Its dragon whiskers swayed with the wind, as its dragon eyes stared fiercely, brandishing its four fearsome claws.

Ku Mo saw this and almost peed his pants!

He screamed in disbelief: “How can this be! How can you use any Gu? How is this possible!!!”

Moments before death, he shuddered and activated his Gu worms hurriedly.

But he got no response.

Roar!

Golden dragon came attacking, scratching and almost smashing his entire upper body.

The great Ku Mo, an expert of a generation, and old demonic powerhouse, died just like this.

When he died, he did not even manage to use his token. Of course, with the land spirit’s manipulation, even if he used the token, there would be no effect.

“Golden dragon Gu attacks really fiercely, but the handling is so rough, I cannot control it meticulously.” Fang Yuan recalled the attack, he had wanted to just smash Ku Mo’s skull, but he ended up destroying his entire upper body, slightly shocking him.

Thankfully, the aperture was near the stomach, and did not get destroyed.

Fang Yuan walked forward, his mind entering the aperture, and started to loot it.

Ku Mo had eight Gu worms, but only one rank five Gu, called soft bones Gu, it was very despicable.

This Gu could turn the bones of any lifeforms soft within a radius of twenty-five kilometres. Even if Fang Yuan turned his bones into essence iron bones, he would still be affected and his bones would turn soft eventually. By then, Fang Yuan would have no way to fight back.

Without his skeleton to support him, he would be like a paralyzed man, lying on the ground, his intestines would squeeze together and his blood vessels and muscles would clog one another. Even without any external attacks, before long, he would die from this.

As for his other seven Gu, they were all rank four. These Gu all had to do with the bone path, and were not particularly good ones.

“It’s a pity, I do not know much about the bone path, the most I can do is scratch the surface of it. If I inherit this set of Gu worms, the battle strength I can display would not be half of Ku Mo. I should keep it for now.” Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.

At Ku Mo’s level, the Gu set he created was completely customised for himself, using his battle style, his understanding of the bone path, and his understanding towards battles and Gu masters.

Fang Yuan was most skilled in the blood path. In his previous life, he benefited from the blood sea inheritance, and used the blood path to start his conquest. He had a deep understanding of the blood path, if Ku Mo was a blood path Gu Master, the situation would be different.

After taking Ku Mo’s Gu worms, Fang Yuan used the beast strength placenta Gu and devoured his aperture.

After receiving nutrients, beast strength placenta Gu grew a little again. Its concrete surface had a thin layer of luster, and the surface was smoother, like poorly made porcelain.

It was a pity for Ku Mo, a great expert born as a lone cultivator, slogging it out alone his whole life. He had many encounters and opportunities in his life, and together with his hard work, after experiencing great hardships, he reached this level.

Eventually, he died, and all his hard work and fruits of his labor became Fang Yuan’s loot. A great rank five Gu Master fell from the apex, becoming Fang Yuan’s stepping stone.

“Too bad the dog enslavement Gu can’t be taken back, if not these dogs would be mine to manipulate too.” Fang Yuan looked at the dogs as he sighed, vanishing on the spot.

…

A battle was ongoing intensely.

Wu Gui manipulated the chrysanthemum akita dogs, fighting and entangling with a large pack of lightning symbol dogs.

Chrysanthemum akita dogs were a type of dog with great unity, the greater their numbers, the greater their strength. But Wu Gui was unlucky, he had only forty or so chrysanthemum akita dogs.

He placed these dogs at the frontline, as he concentrated in controlling them.

The chrysanthemum akita dogs were fighting a lightning symbol dog dog pack five times their sizes, they were all injured but not dead. The exquisite combination and cooperation showed Wu Gui’s exemplary talent in enslaving beasts.

Wu Gui had become an enslavement path Gu Master many years ago, but eventually because of a lack of resources, he had to change paths.

Swoosh!

Fang Yuan suddenly appeared behind Wu Gui.

Wu Gui was spending all his effort controlling the chrysanthemum akita dogs, he did not sense Fang Yuan’s arrival.

If it was during normal times, he would use an investigative Gu, and once Fang Yuan appeared, he would get attacked immediately. But in this Gu Immortal blessed land, he was just an ordinary person only able to control dog enslavement Gu and some others, all the body modifications on him were also completely restricted.

Of course, it was also due to Wu Gui concentrating deeply on the dog battle.

Fang Yuan did not trash talk, he waved his hand and a bone spike flew out.

Puchi!

A crisp sound, and a long spear-like bone spike pierced Wu Gui’s heart, as the sharp pointy tip stabbed into the ground.

Wu Gui’s pupils shrunk to pin-size as he was completely stunned and confused at this fatal attack.

“Who… tried to kill me!” He opened his mouth and fresh blood oozed out like a river.

He slowly turned around, trying desperately to see the culprit’s face.

But unfortunately, he lost all signs of life when he turned halfway.

Wu Gui’s body collapsed like a pile of mud, hanging on the bone spike.

This demonic expert who was even more senior than Tie Mu Bai, famous two hundred years ago, had died as well.

When he died, his eyes were staring wide, trying to see who was his murderer.

But this simple wish was not granted.

The great Wu Gui, died with a grievance!

After he died, the chrysanthemum akita dogs who lost their master’s manipulation immediately got engulfed by the lightning symbol dogs. These lightning symbol dogs howled as they pounced on Fang Yuan.

Roar!

Fang Yuan waved his hand, as the golden dragon appeared again, slaughtering all these lightning symbol dogs who did not know better.

Fang Yuan quickly came to Wu Gui’s corpse, doing the same thing again. Keeping his Gu worms then feeding his aperture to the beast strength placenta Gu.

Wu Gui had one rank five Gu.

It was oval and black like a yuhua stone 1  . But the surface had seven white markings, and it looked extremely peculiar and dark. It was the pitch black Gu.

Once the Gu is activated, it would ooze out black smoke. Any Gu worms below rank six would get contaminated by the black smoke and receive various degrees of sealing, losing their abilities.

As for his other Gu worms, there were eight to nine, all rank four. But they were mixed among different paths, and were a mess, unlike Ku Mo and Tie Mu Bai’s complete Gu set.

“These are Wu Gui’s Gu worms, although they can form into a set, they are not a complete set. The reason why he can roam the southern border is mostly due to the pitch black Gu.”

Undeniably, pitch black Gu is an extremely useful rank five Gu.

Fang Yuan was extremely happy to have obtained it.

He kept the pitch black Gu into his aperture, but placed the rest of the rank four Gu into his pocket.

His aperture already had many Gu worms, among them, he had five rank five Gu worms, and many rank four Gu. This was placing a lot of pressure on his aperture.

Mostly importantly, it was due to the Spring Autumn Cicada, this rank six Gu was recovering, and it was emitting great pressure on Fang Yuan’s aperture.

“The flow of time in the blessed land is three times out the outside world, accelerating Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery. I have to race against time, quickly refining the second aperture Gu. With the second aperture, I would be able to relieve the pressure Spring Autumn Cicada is giving me.”

To Fang Yuan, the situation was extremely rushed.

He did not only want to refine the second aperture Gu, he also wanted to guard against this major threat, the Spring Autumn Cicada. Towards the end of the refinement, the blessed land would be full of flaws, and after connecting to the outside world, he might receive the group attack of many Gu Masters.

By then, the land spirit would be weak and powerless, it would be useless and Fang Yuan would be in the most danger during that period.

“Refining the second aperture Gu, to closer we get to the end, the tougher it gets. Especially that final step, I need to use the divine travel Gu, I will need to focus and concentrate, my body would be in huge danger!”

Wu Gui’s demise, was the best lesson to Fang Yuan, he had to guard against such situations.

But his situation was slightly different.

“I have another chess piece, that is Bai Ning Bing! Hehehe, she used the poison vow Gu before, she can be trusted. It seems that towards the end, I will need her to protect me.”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan vanished, and appeared before Bai Ning Bing.

“Fang Yuan, how did you get here so suddenly?” Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan, shocked and suspicious.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 381: All must die! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Bai Ning Bing widened her eyes in shock as Fang Yuan suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

By now, Gu Masters already had a clear understanding of the three kings inheritance. And because she was at Fang Yuan’s side, Bai Ning Bing had much deeper understanding of three kings inheritance.

However, precisely because of this ‘deep understanding’, she was even more shocked.

Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance looked like a simple phenomenon but it contained astonishing implications!

“Bai Ning Bing, do you still remember our vow? I wonder if you still want Yang Gu now?” Fang Yuan did not mention how he appeared but looked at Bai Ning Bing with his unfathomable and abyssal gaze with his hands behind his back.

“Hmph, as if you don’t know the answer.” Bai Ning Bing snorted and narrowed her blue eyes.

She knew Fang Yuan would not speak aimlessly, he definitely had a motive: “It seems you need my help? Speak up, don’t try to conceal anything, otherwise I will not help.”

Fang Yuan laughed loudly without being moved: “Back at Shang clan city, we took a poison vow that if one side is in mortal danger, the other must help. I will tell you truthfully that not long later, I will be besieged by Gu Masters and I need you as my protector to block any obstruction towards my Gu refinement.”

“Gu Masters’ besiegement? Hehe, I am not surprised, there are plenty of Gu Masters who want to kill you. But refining Gu? What Gu are you refining?”

Fang Yuan was straightforward this time and told the whole story directly.

The most important thing now was that he needed Bai Ning Bing’s full cooperation. This matter also could not be concealed. Bai Ning Bing was not someone so easy to fool.

If because of him hiding the truth, some misunderstanding occurred and caused the Gu refinement to fail in the end, it would be truly disastrous.

“What! This Gu Immortal blessed land’s land spirit is still alive? You are refining an Immortal Gu? You have truly large guts, you are looking for your own doom! Wait a second. What did you say just now? You killed Tie Mu Bai, and also Wu Gui and Ku Mo?”

Fang Yuan kept it brief and said the whole story in a few sentences but the information it contained was huge, sending an enormous shock to Bai Ning Bing’s mind.

She felt like she was listening to a story.

Fang Yuan did not speak anymore but directly took out his loot.

“These Gu!” Bai Ning Bing looked at the Gu worms Fang Yuan took out and was flabbergasted, even losing her self-control.

These Gu were genuine. They were the best proof.

“You really killed them?” Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan, shock clearly visible in her eyes.

Who was Tie Mu Bai?

He was Southern Border’s super clan Tie clan’s previous clan leader.

He was a genius with outstanding innate talent, his temperament was even more firm and unyielding.

His battle accomplishments in his whole life shone with splendor. And with his talent, he researched many battle tactics of the metal path, causing countless enemies to be terror-stricken by the mention of him.

At a young age, he roamed outside and his name spread throughout Southern Border. In his middle years, he ruled Tie clan with an iron fist and made everyone fear him. At his old age, he became an emperor of a region, his reputation spread wide with no one daring to disobey him!

He was venerated as the glory of Tie clan, radiance of the righteous path. When he announced his seclusion and retirement, many people, be it demonic path or righteous path, let out a breath of relief.

Now, he was out of seclusion and that shook many clans. Even Shang Yan Fei would have to bow in front of him to greet him.

The rank five Gu Master of Wu clan Wu Lan Shan was the cousin of the current Wu clan leader, but even she had to bow despite her pride when facing Tie Mu Bai.

And this Tie Mu Bai had died by Fang Yuan’s hands!

Not only him, Wu Gui and Ku Mo, two rank five Gu Masters also lost their lives to Fang Yuan!

Even more absurdly, not only did they die, all their Gu worms were taken by Fang Yuan!!

“These three rank five Gu Masters really died with grievance…” even Bai Ning Bing, this outsider, felt stifled at the deaths of Tie Mu Bai and others.

“Alright, it is about time. Next, I will send you to King Quan Inheritance. Advance through the rounds according to my instructions. I need dog beasts, the more the better.” Fang Yuan’s tone was hasty.

“Hmph, I did not say I will help you.” Bai Ning Bing’s gaze flickered.

Fang Yuan smiled: “Don’t worry, if I succeed, I will give Yang Gu to you. Besides, there will be other benefits as well. After leaving San Cha mountain, you can go wherever you want to, I won’t stop you if you want to part ways and will also welcome you if you want to go together. But whether you agree or not, I will refine the Gu.”

Bai Ning Bing was exasperated: “You! You shameless guy, you are relying on the poison vow to force me?”

If Fang Yuan was attacked and died while refining Gu, then according to the poison vow, Bai Ning Bing would also die. That is to say, Bai Ning Bing must protect Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan sighed, his tone became mild and even seemed to have a trace of gentleness: “Ning Bing, this is not a threat, but cooperation. Think about it, since Qing Mao mountain, we have been cooperating, and no dangers have been able to stop us as many enemies fell under our feet. This time is also not an exception. Weren’t you always wanting Yang Gu? You can turn back to a male when you obtain it. Or have you have become fond of your female identity?”

Bai Ning Bing felt goosebumps all over her when she heard Fang Yuan call her Ning Bing.

And when she heard Fang Yuan’s final sentence, she clearly knew Fang Yuan was spurring her; she could not help feeling provoked and shouted: “Shut your mouth!”

“It is settled then.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly and waved his hand, giving Bai Ning Bing a dog enslavement Gu, then disappeared.

The scene before Bai Ning Bing also changed suddenly, and she was sent to the first round of King Quan Inheritance by the land spirit.

Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in front of Wu Lan Shan.

Wu Lan Shan got a shock when someone suddenly appeared in front of her. But she was a famed figure and a majestic rank five Gu Master, calming her mind in seconds.

“Little Beast King, it is you! You can casually enter and exit this place?” Wu Lan Shan retreated a step, sharp light blossoming in her beautiful eyes.

Fang Yuan pointed his little finger and shot out a bone spear.

Puchi!

There was a soft sound as the bone spear pierced through Wu Lan Shan’s heart like lightning.

Wu Lan Shan’s beautiful flower-like appearance seemed to be frozen as she looked at Fang Yuan incredulously: “You… you can use Gu?”

The moment she finished saying this, her aura dissipated indicating her demise.

Another rank five Gu Master died.

However, Fang Yuan did not obtain her rank five Gu.

The moment Wu Lan Shan died, a mysterious light burst out of her body and enveloped her three rank five Gu worms, tearing through space and bringing them away.

Fang Yuan was not surprised, he knew Wu clan had a rank six Immortal Gu called no loss Gu which possessed the mystical ability to retrieve precious Gu worms.

Although this blessed land could restricted Gu worms of rank one to five, it could not restrict Immortal Gu.

In fact, no blessed lands can restrict the abilities of Immortal Gu.

Fang Yuan took the rest of the rank four Gu which were also quite valuable. After that, he took out beast placenta Gu and swallowed Wu Lan Shan’s aperture.

This was already the fourth rank five Gu Master’s aperture.

Beast placenta Gu was nourished and looked like a delicate pottery, and gave a sleek feeling at touch.

Fang Yuan analyzed it and found the aptitude had increased to seventy-five percent.

The aptitude became more difficult to raise the higher it became. At first, the aptitude had directly raised to forty percent when the beast placenta Gu had swallowed just Tie Mu Bai’s aperture. Later, it swallowed apertures of Wu Gui, Ku Mo and Wu Lan Shan in a row, and was only able to raise by another thirty-five percent.

“Of course, this has to do with the foundation of the Gu Master. There are altogether five rank five Gu Masters on San Cha mountain. But only Tie Mu Bai, Ku Mo and Wu Gui are at rank five peak stage; among them, Tie Mu Bai’s foundation was the most profound with the huge amount of resources from Tie clan. Wu Lan Shan and Wang Xiao are both at rank five upper stage. And Chou Jiu is only at rank five initial stage. Killing these people might not be enough to raise the aptitude by another ten percent. But no worries, there are plenty of Gu Masters, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and the rest, all of them must die!”

 …

 “Corpse dog is purple all over, its skin is slightly rotten, its lower back is crooked and its canines protrude out. Use Yin dogs to restrain them and you will definitely succeed.”

“Choose the left path, the reward for that round is three tasks at once Gu which will be of great help to you.”

“Next, you will encounter a heavy tai dog king. It is in a seriously injured state but is even more ferocious. You will need to sacrifice a lot of dogs to capture it. This dog king is the only heavy tai dog king in the first twenty rounds. At the twenty-second round, there will be a large group of wandering heavy tai dogs, you can use heavy tai dog king to directly recruit them without losing anything!”

There would be a voice guiding Bai Ning Bing every time she progressed through a round.

This voice was of the land spirit.

Immortal essence was scarce, the land spirit moved Bai Ning Bing to King Quan Inheritance and was not willing to misuse immortal essence on her.

Bai Ning Bing could only go through each round personally.

However, although the land spirit’s control over the blessed land had fallen to rock bottom, it was extremely clear about the contents of three kings inheritance.

There was almost no loss in immortal essence for it to guide Bai Ning Bing, but to Bai Ning Bing, it was of extremely huge help; as if there was a bright lantern guiding Bai Ning Bing through the dark tunnel.

Bai Ning Bing was able to make best choice at every round and her strength continued to expand like a snowball.

“Next, you will encounter a Gu Master as your opponent. But no need to worry, he has just fought a huge battle and only has few dog beasts remaining, you will be able to eliminate him easily. At that time, I will confine him, and after you kill him and take his Gu, you can greatly increase the number of your Gu worms.” The land spirit guided again.

Bai Ning Bing nodded and slowly walked out of the fog.

“It is you…” Her opponent was clearly shocked at her sight.

Bai Ning Bing was also stupefied, this person was none other than the person who had tried to make things difficult for her and Fang Yuan before he entered the inheritance; the Yun clan’s young clan leader Yun Luo Tian.

Yun Luo Tian arrogantly snorted: “You are called Bai Ning Bing, right? It is your bad luck you ran into me, you don’t even have half the amount of dogs I have…”

He had not even finished speaking when he stopped. His eyes opened wide and his throat let out a strange ka ka sound like a rooster that had its throat jammed.

From the mist behind Bai Ning Bing, a large numbers of dog beasts walked out one after another.

Endlessly…



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 382: Continue Killing 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Impossible! How can you have so many dog beasts?!” Yun Luo Tian screamed, pointing at Bai Ning Bing, as he shivered, his expression looked like he had seen a ghost.

The sheer number of beasts around Bai Ning Bing had surpassed his wildest imagination.

“How many rounds has it been? Even a rank five Gu Master cannot reach such a number!!” Yun Luo Tian screamed as loudly as he could to vent the horror in his heart.

“You must control some loophole, you cheated. You actually cheated, you shameless scoundrel!!”

Yun Luo Tian’s composure was completely gone, he no longer had the attitude of an Yun clan young clan leader.

Bai Ning Bing sighed lightly, Yun Luo Tian was right, he hit the nail on the head.

It is true, she cheated. And it was the blessed land’s spirit who helped her.

Under the land spirit’s guidance, she had an easy time going through the King Quan Inheritance, like she was on a vacation, it was a complete walk in the park. Compared to the difficulties she faced back when she explored the inheritance alone, this was a clear contrast.

” The incredulous feeling of cheating cannot be described with words ! If doing this means I am despicable, I would rather become even more despicable than this, hehehe.”

Bai Ning Bing exclaimed as she waved her hands.

Woof, woof, woof…

Countless dogs received her commands and moved like flood water.

In Yun Luo Tian’s vision, he could see a sea of dogs charging towards him like a tsunami.

He gritted his teeth: “Bai Ning Bing, do not be smug. Once I get out, I will expose you in front of everyone! You know such a huge secret, everyone will be interested, especially those rank five Gu Masters! Hahaha, you are finished!”

Saying so, he took out a token and used it.

But nothing happened.

“Eh?” Yun Luo Tian was shocked, activating it again.

“What happened? Why is it not working? I used it the last time and I was transported out immediately.” His gaze flashed as a bad feeling emerged in his heart, causing his expression to turn uncertain.

He took out another unused token, he was the Yun clan young clan leader, he had two tokens to protect him.

But this time, there was no effect either. The token stopped working.

Yun Luo Tian stared with his eyes wide opened, staring at his token, sweat emerging on his forehead.

Bai Ning Bing’s dog army had surrounded him, and started slaughtering his dog group.

“How can this happen? Send me out now!” Yun Luo Tian’s breathing became quicker, as he used the token frantically, to no avail.

“Ah!” He screamed, his beautiful face distorted with fear. His hair was messy and his eyes were bright red, like an angered bull.

“It is you, you did this didn’t you? It must be you! You made the token ineffective, hehe, what great methods you have. But be clear of this, I am the great Yun clan young clan leader. If you kill me, you would offend Yun clan. The entire Yun clan won’t let you off.”

Yun Luo Tian recovered from his fear and screamed at Bai Ning Bing.

His arrogance as the Yun clan young clan leader was sustaining him, not letting him kneel down and beg for his life, instead he was getting more haughty.

But such an attitude was completely useless against Bai Ning Bing.

“I’m not even afraid of Tie clan, would I fear your tiny Yun clan?” Bai Ning Bing snickered.

On the battlefield, Yun Luo Tian was alone, his dog groups were no match for Bai Ning Bing’s, massacred till none was left.

Bai Ning Bing willed, and the closest dog barked before pouncing on Yun Luo Tian.

Yun Luo Tian struggled with his life, but his strength could not match the dog.

His throat was bitten by the dog, as blood poured out of it.

As for the other beasts,they stood in a circle and waited.

“I curse you… I curse you have to a terrible death!” Yun Luo Tian cursed before he died, his tone filled with hatred and anger.

Bai Ning Bing shook her head in disdain, walking forward and keeping Yun Luo Tian’s Gu worms.

This Yun Luo Tian walked the cloud path, they were all rank four Gu, and were all of high quality. As for the enslavement path Gu worms he obtained from King Quan Inheritance, they greatly benefited Bai Ning Bing’s Gu worms.

As for his corpse, it was teleported by the land spirit, sent to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was stepping on Wang Xiao, forcing out the location of Wu mountain.

Wang Xiao was the owner of Wu mountain, a rank five upper stage Gu Master, a true regional emperor. He was an established expert.

If it was outside, ten Fang Yuan added together would not be his match. But here, Fang Yuan defeated him easily, like dealing with a baby.

Wang Xiao was extremely angry, he was stepped on by Fang Yuan, as his face and the soil made intimate contact.

For a great rank five Gu Master, the lord of Wu mountain, this was a great humiliation!

“You want to know how to enter Wu mountain? Hehe, stop your wishful thinking! Kill me if you want, after you kill me, you will not be able to know that true path to enter the mountain.”

Wang Xiao sneered as he struggled intensely, but Fang Yuan could use his strength path Gu worms, Wang Xiao could not compare to him in terms of strength.

After an intense struggle, he was breathing heavily out of exhaustion, while Fang Yuan’s leg was still firm as a mountain.

Wu mountain was a slightly famous mountain among the hundred thousand mountains of Southern Border.

This mountain was mysterious and illusionary, hidden in a deep layer of fog. In the fog, there were many small paths, but only one led inside.

Wang Xiao knew this path, and thus entered the mountain and made the mountain’s resources his.

Like Qing Mao mountain, a famous mountain like Wu mountain had at least three to four spirit springs. Other than that, there were large numbers of wild beasts and wild Gu. All sorts of resources that could sustain three to four middle-size clans.

But Wu mountain was completely owned by Wang Xiao.

“Wu mountain is a natural danger zone, it is easy to defend and no matter how many righteous Gu Masters there are, they cannot break into it by force. Wang Xiao used this to become a regional emperor, living freely and easily. If I obtain it, I could use it as my base, and I would have no worries for my rank five resources.” Fang Yuan thought.

Wu mountain was Wang Xiao’s good fortune, Fang Yuan desired it greatly. But Wang Xiao refused to speak, he knew that once he spoke, he would be killed. Not speaking gave him a chance of survival instead.

Pew!

At this moment, with a light sound, Yun Luo Tian’s corpse was transported over.

Fang Yuan kicked Wang Xiao aside, walking over to the corpse and used the beast strength placenta Gu to devour the aperture.

“It’s him? That Yun clan young leader!” Wang Xiao recognised Yun Luo Tian, and also witnessed Fang Yuan using beast strength placenta Gu, his heart chilled.

Fang Yuan was obviously killing people to refine Gu!

“This Gu can devour apertures, not good, my aperture is way more valuable than Yun Luo Tian’s.” This beast strength placenta Gu had already become smooth and clear, like a beautiful porcelain. But in Wang Xiao’s eyes, it was extremely dangerous and mysterious, giving off a demonic feeling.

Seeing Fang Yuan walk over, Wang Xiao shouted: “Wait, wait. We can negotiate, I can promise you to give you the actual path into the mountain, but you must ensure my safety, I have one poison vow Gu on me…”

Fang Yuan’s killing intent surged, although he had the eating one’s words Gu and can break the vow, he had little time now, how could he waste time to create the eating one’s words Gu?

As he killed these Gu Masters, his immortal essence was depleting, and the blessed land was getting closer to destruction.

The longer they dragged, the weaker the land spirit, an the less immortal essence he had to refine the second aperture Gu.

At the same time, the blessed land’s flow of time was three times the outside world. The Spring Autumn Cicada was posing a huge threat.

Fang Yuan killed so many people, he already used nearly two portions of the immortal essence, about half of his planned amount. The blessed land’s destruction was accelerated, and some people should be able to feel it already.

Fang Yuan’s greatest advantage was having the initiative. If he continued to drag this, it would get more disadvantageous for him.

Compared to the second aperture Gu, Wu mountain’s benefits were huge but not irreplaceable.

“Speak, which is the path into Wu mountain?” Fang Yuan stepped, and broke Wang Xiao’s right wrist, shouting sharply.

“Let me go and I’ll tell you!” Wang Xiao screamed in pain.

“Hmph, stubborn!” Fang Yuan stepped again, the sound of bone breaking was heard as Wang Xiao’s left kneecap was crushed to bits.

Wang Xiao shuddered under the pain, as sweat flowed down his back, but he gritted his teeth and stared deeply at Fang Yuan, refusing to speak.

Fang Yuan was silent, knowing that coercion would not work.

Wang Xiao was an expert of a generation!

He had a cruel and ruthless nature, never going easy on his enemies, but also strict on himself.

He designed an “ice water bed” for himself. Such a bed, as long as one sleeps for six hours, the entire bed would sink into the ice water below.

Wang Xiao slept on such a bed, only resting for six hours a day. He encouraged himself, and worked hard, giving it all his effort. Other than eating, cleaning, and resting, all his other time was spent on cultivation.

His aptitude was not extremely good, uncomparable with Tie Mu Bai and Bai Ning Bing. But because of his hard work, he climb up step by step, becoming famous in southern border, a great demonic expert that no one dared to look down on.

In Fang Yuan’s memories, after Wang Xiao came to Yi Tian mountain, he killed many righteous experts, and his ruthlessness spread, one time, he even got close to vying for the position of the demonic head.

Fang Yuan felt pressure in his heart offending such a person.

Killing Wang Xiao was weakening the demonic faction in the Yi Tian mountain battle. But Wang Xiao could not be kept alive, he had to be killed.

“I have to refine Gu not long after, I do not want to be attacked by you.” Fang Yuan sighed, striking the final move and killing Wang Xiao.

Later, he took the Gu and devoured the aperture, this process was extremely smooth.

After devouring Yun Luo Tian and Wang Xiao’s aperture, the beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude had risen to eighty-three percent. As for the immortal essence expenditure, it had reach slightly more than two portions, he had reached a critical stage.

“Not good, the immortal essence expenditure is higher than my estimation. This blessed land is too old, originating from the antiquity era, it is a miracle that the blessed land is still standing today.”

Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, the actual expenditure had slightly exceeded his initial estimations.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 383: Profound Concept of the Universe, Demon Venerable Hong Lian 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Young man, the primeval essence expenditure had deviated from the plans, you should stop now.” The land spirit noticed this error, and suggested.

Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold, retorting immediately: “That won’t do, eighty-three percent is not part of my plans, my plan is to reach ninety percent!”

“Most things in life do not happen according to one’s wishes. How can we get everything we want? Young man, you have been blinded by greed, you are starting to lose your rationality.” The land spirit spoke calmly.

Fang Yuan cursed in his heart, without the land spirit’s help, he could not use the immortal essence. Land spirit was already thinking of stopping, Fang Yuan had to convince it.

“Ba Gui.” Fang Yuan breathed out some turbid air, relaxing his tone: “The primeval essence expenditure exceeding by a bit is no big deal. In my plan, we had some spare essence.”

Fang Yuan planned the immortal essence into sixteen portions.

Among that, eight was for Gu refinement, four was to sustain the three kings inheritance and three portions and a bit more for killing Gu Masters. The final bit would be kept as spare in case anything happened.

Fang Yuan had a meticulous nature, he had planned this for so long, how could he not have a back up plan?

But the land spirit was not convinced, although it was created from lingering thoughts, it had intelligence and could think.

“Young man, your calculation is incorrect. Have you ever considered that the Gu refinement process might fail? There is no way you won’t have issues, once you fail you will waste immortal essence. Eight portions to refine Gu, that was the minimum requirement, that last bit of immortal essence is to allow you to waste when you make multiple attempts. Now that you want to use up this bit, if you fail the refinement even a little bit more, the second aperture Gu’s refinement will not succeed.” Land spirit retorted.

Fang Yuan was anxious secretly, he had not passed the test and was not the blessed land’s owner, he could not directly command the land spirit.

If land spirit refused to cooperate, there was nothing he could do.

There was still a rank five Gu Master and many rank four experts left in the blessed land now, these will all be obstacles for him when he refines the Immortal Gu later.

Fang Yuan killing these people now was to eliminate his future enemies, to protect himself.

But the immortal essence left in the blessed land was simply too little, Fang Yuan had to carefully think and plan his usage properly. At the same time, he had to face the blessed land’s inspections.

“Young man, stop taking risks. If you continue being adamant, I will not cooperate with you, I will even take away your examination chance, and leave the opportunity for others.” Land spirit was firm in its tone.

Fang Yuan sighed deeply hearing this.

Land spirits were very rigid, in this situation, it was nearly impossible to convince the land spirit.

“We can keep the others, but that rank five Gu Master has to die. He is one of the four great doctors of southern border, he has a great network and relationship, we have to eliminate him to be safe.” Fang Yuan urged.

“For your safety during refinement, you have already planned to use that young girl, together with the beast groups, she can block them for a while. At the same time, I will risk my life to protect you. The most important thing is the success or failure of your Gu refinement.” Land spirit denied Fang Yuan’s suggestion.

Fang Yuan’s expression sank.

The final rank five Gu Master Chou Jiu, known as ‘killer ghost doctor’, although his battle strength was not outstanding, he had great influence.

In his previous life’s memories, he went to Yi Tian mountain and joined the demonic faction. Next, he obtained the third-in-control position. With a wave of his hand, countless Gu Masters gathered.

With his healing, the demonic faction faced less deaths and injuries, their morale surged and that caused great problems for the righteous path.

Only until Shang Yan Fei invited Doctor Su Shou, together with Divine Doctor Sheng Shou, did they manage to suppress Chou Jiu’s glamor.

The battle of Yi Tian mountain made everyone see the ability of Chou Jiu. The ‘killer ghost doctor’ also became publicly recognised as the head of the four great doctors.

After Yi Tian mountain was subdued by the righteous path, Chou Jiu was captured, and Wu clan leader valued his talent and wanted to recruit him. But Chou Jiu refused to submit, scolding Shang Yan Fei and Doctor Su Shou, exposing some of their ancient history, causing the furious and ashamed Shang Yan Fei to kill him on the spot.

Any rank five Gu Master was a genius, they cannot be underestimated.

These Gu Masters could emerge from the commoners, and ascend to the peak of the mortal realm in such a cruel environment, surviving many rounds of elimination, they were all heroes or champions.

Once he thought about how a person like Chou Jiu might attack during the final step of the Gu refinement, Fang Yuan could not rest easy.

“Although my cultivation is rank four upper stage, and my cultivation speed is stunning, on this huge stage, I am still too weak, I cannot contend with these rank five Gu Masters. If I had my rank six cultivation back in my previous life, no matter how many rank fives come, I can kill them all like livestock!” Fang Yuan sighed internally.

“You still want to kill someone? Impossible, I will not allow it! Immortal essence cannot be wasted like this, we have to preserve most of it for the Gu refinement.” Land spirit heard Fang Yuan’s request and immediately rejected him: “Demonic Gu Masters are all like this, they like to take risks. Sigh, young man, do not be so extreme. In this world, why do you think the righteous path is blooming and suppressing the demonic path? It is because demonic path is too extreme, too greedy, and likes to place themselves in danger. The righteous path pursues stability, slow and steady, unmovable like the mountain.”

“Ba Gui, you are wrong. Demonic path members have a tough life, they are forced to take extreme means, if they did not fight for the greatest benefits at every given opportunity, and did not take risks, how could they cultivate, how could they compete with the righteous path? Greed, selfishness, extremity, and risk-taking; these are all laws of survival of the demonic path. As long as the benefits are enough, so what if we have to walk on a tightrope? One wrong step leads to game over, making the impossible possible, that is the excitement of the demonic path! The life of a demonic path member is like wine, intense and alluring.” Fang Yuan rebuked loudly.

Land spirit heard such words and sighed endlessly: “Young man, the demonic nature is too entrenched in you, you can’t turn back anymore, in the future it will lead you to destruction. If heaven commits a sin, it can be forgiven, but if one commits a sin himself, he deserves to die .”

Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Hahahaha, Ba Gui, you are too naive. What is a sin? Commiting a sin means one deserves death, that is only the weaklings’ naive and helpless expectation, they spread such ideology, hoping people would abide by it so as to protect these weaklings. As for me, I want to be a person who commits a sin, yet is able to roam freely and travel the world, a demonic head who slaughters living beings and enjoys all that I can get. I not only want to slaughter Gu Masters, I also want to succeed in refining the second aperture Gu and become the greatest winner! Ba Gui, feel this, what do you think this is?”

Saying so, Fang Yuan activated the Spring Autumn Cicada, and for the first time, leaked its aura out into the world.

The land spirit was flabbergasted!

“This, this is the aura of a rank six Immortal Gu! It seems… it seems to be the Spring Autumn Cicada… Spring Autumn Cicada is the seventh mysterious Gu in this world! You are a mere mortal, how can you possess such an Immortal Gu?”

To convince the land spirit, Fang Yuan took a gamble and exposed the existence of the Spring Autumn Cicada.

Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, and the second aperture Gu was also an Immortal Gu, such benefits were enough for Fang Yuan to take this risk.

“Why can’t a mortal own an Immortal Gu? I’ll tell you the truth, the Spring Autumn Cicada was refined by me.” Fang Yuan said.

“I understand, I get it. You were a Gu Immortal, but you used the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and came back to the past to change history!” Land spirit gasped and sighed.

“Oh? Ba Gui, you seem to know some information regarding the Spring Autumn Cicada, please enlighten me.” Fang Yuan quickly inquired.

“Since the immemorial era, there were two types of Gu Masters, space path and time path, forming the basis of heaven and earth. Space path represented up, down, left, and right, while time path represented past, present, and future. Take my blessed land for example, at its peak, there was 6000 km² of land, and the flow of time was six times the normal speed.” Land spirit said.

How much was 6000 km² ? On Earth, that is about the size of Brunei.

As for six times the normal speed of time, it was measured according to the river of time.

At its peak, the blessed land’s time was six times of the outside world. Six days inside the blessed land was one day outside.

Of course, by now, the blessed land had severely weakened, not only were the territories mostly eroded, the flow of time was only three times as fast.

In this world, there were many different blessed lands, and the size and flow of time were all different.

Land spirit continued: “Spring Autumn Cicada is one of the Gu worms of the time path. Back then, it had a master who left his name in history, that is Demon Venerable Hong Lian! He resisted the Immortal Court, and broke the chains that bound fate, giving the people of the future hope, and allowed them to grasp their own fate in their hands.”

“Demon Venerable Hong Lian?! The most mysterious Demon Venerable in history?” Fang Yuan gasped.

In the Gu world, rank nine was Venerable.

Demon Venerable meant a rank nine demonic path Gu Master. Immortal Venerable is a rank nine righteous Gu Master.

In the eons of history, Demon Venerable and Immortal Venerable were merely a handful of people, they represented a supreme legend. There was only one Venerable in each era, never did two appear at the same time. Thus, Venerables represented true invincibility!

And among these rank nine Venerables, Demon Venerable Hong Lian was the most mysterious, and had the least records in history. Even Fang Yuan merely knew about his existence.

Now, this was the first time he was hearing about Demon Venerable Hong Lian’s details.

Land spirit continued: “This world, wide as one can imagine, is split into five regions, north, south, east, west, and central. They are close together, yet completely independent regions. With one river of time, flowing from the past, through the present, towards the future. That is the time and space of this main world.”

“If one says that history is a series of still images, then the river of time is a thin thread that connects these numerous images into a line, You used the Spring Autumn Cicada, forcing your way out of the images, and travelled along the line, moving in the reverse direction as you inject your will and memories into one of the images. That would cause this image’s events to change, and consequently affect the future images as well.

“So that’s it.” Fang Yuan benefited greatly from land spirit’s words.

He had used the Spring Autumn Cicada twice, and each was a unique experience, causing Fang Yuan’s understanding of the Spring Autumn Cicada and the river of time to become clearer.

Land spirit’s words gave Fang Yuan the inspiration for a new and unique understanding.

“To think that you are a future Gu Immortal, and even refined the Spring Autumn Cicada. In this blessed land, you are truly the most appropriate candidate to refine this Gu. Nevermind, since you are so confident, I shall trust you once, who do you want to kill?” Land spirit gave in.

Originally, it thought Fang Yuan was only a mortal, he would definitely waste a lot of immortal essence when refining Gu.

But right now, it recognised Fang Yuan’s Gu Immortal identity, and reduced the estimated immortal essence that he would potentially waste, thus accepting Fang Yuan’s request.

Fang Yuan smiled and promised: “Land spirit, it is right to trust me. I will not disappoint you, the Gu refinement will succeed. In the future, I have to rely on this second aperture Gu to ascend to Gu Immortal realm once again.”

Land spirit laughed too, having a sense of acknowledgement towards Fang Yuan: “That’s right, you are a Gu Immortal, you know the value of the second aperture Gu much more than mortals. When you become a Gu Immortal, the second aperture will give you unparalleled benefits!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 384: Scheming Ghost Doctor, Secret Door of Life and Death 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“To think that this three kings inheritance is a trap, the true winner is you, little beast king!” Killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu laid on the ground, staring deeply and closely at Fang Yuan as he exclaimed.

After Fang Yuan convinced the land spirit, he rushed to Chou Jiu and beat him up.

Chou Jiu had an ugly appearance, his hair was like dry yellow grass, his brain was protruding and his eyes were of different sizes. His cheekbone was very high, his nose was flat, there was a large clump of hair growing out of his nostrils, and his yellow teeth were projecting outwards.

But his gaze was very complicated, he had a plotting ability that ordinary people could not possess.

“Little beast king, I know about you, you have great talent, from a vagabond, you grew to this extent, I admire you greatly. Compared to you, I am merely several years older. When I was young, I did not have such accomplishments. You are a dragon among men, you will eventually soar to the heavens, and roam the world freely. I have no intentions to be enemies with you, if possible, I would like to use the information regarding the door of life and death to preserve my life.”

Fang Yuan had killed four rank five Gu masters earlier, some of them were shocked, some furious, some fearful, but this Chou Jiu was extremely calm.

After understanding his situation, he placed his ego down and praised Fang Yuan.

He laid on the ground, not moving, as if he gave up on resisting.

But at this moment, the land spirit suddenly transmitted: “Quickly kill him, he is activating his token and Gu worms furiously, I am trying to suppress them but this is causing great immortal essence expenditure.”

But Fang Yuan was slightly stunned, almost thinking he had hallucinated: “Door of life and death?”

This door of life and death was a big deal, it was recorded in >, a secret forbidden land in ancient times. It was similar to the river of time and ordinary abyss.

After Verdant Great Sun died, Ren Zu went to the door of life and death to attempt to revive him.

Legend says that behind the door of life and death holds the secrets of life and death, if a person can comprehend it completely, they would be able to control life and death itself.

“Chou Jiu knows the location of the door of life and death?!” Fang Yuan’s heart was palpitating, as his expression turned cold, warning severely: “Chou Jiu, activate your Gu worms one more time and I will kill you immediately.”

Chou Jiu’s expression changed, his pupils shrinking as he slowly sat up, looking at Fang Yuan: “You can sense me using Gu worms!”

A thought flashed across his eyes: “You can use Gu worms, while I can’t use mine at all. Sigh, it seems there is only one possibility — the land spirit is still alive and you subdued it. So this blessed land has such a secret. What a pity, back when the three kings obtained this place, they did not truly control the blessed land, thus you have obtained it now. But this blessed land is on the brink of destruction, there is no way to save it. The land spirit must be extremely old and weak too right, otherwise the Gu Masters would’ve been chased out already. Why would you need to eliminate us personally?”

Although Fang Yuan did not control this blessed land, after expressing his identity, the land spirit would listen to some of his instructions in order to assist him with the Gu refinement.

Chou Jiu was over a century old, he was old and scheming, easily guessing the scenario.

“Since you control the blessed land, then I won’t bother with this pointless act. As long as you preserve my life, what you will obtain will be out of your imagination.” Chou Jiu said, stopping his secret actions.

Fang Yuan laughed without denying: “Talk about the door of life and death. You know the location? The door of life and death is a forbidden ground not inferior to the river of time, there is an extremely wide area inside, reflecting the five regions of the main world. Legend says that there are many unique and natural Gu worms inside, like life Gu, and death Gu.”

Chou Jiu nodded: “I know the door’s location, not only that, I have even explored it multiple times and captured some of the life Gu and death Gu inside, eventually refining one life one death Gu. I placed this Gu inside the door of life and death, every time a person dies because of me, it will absorb this death energy and convert it into lifeforce. Because of this lifeforce, my healing methods are extremely profound. This is the reason why I became one of the four great doctors of southern border.”

Killer ghost doctor revealed his own secret, to increase his trustworthiness.

“Oh? So that’s it.” This was the first time Fang Yuan heard such a thing, although he had his previous life’s memories, he was not all-knowing.

“Then in that case, tell me, and I may spare you a life.” Fang Yuan promised.

But Chou Jiu shook his head: “The secret regarding the door of life and death is way too important. I have once vowed before the sea oath Gu, to not reveal the details to outsiders. Once I say it, I will turn into dust, wiped off from this world. But if you join the shadow sect, you will be one of us, and I will be able to tell you.”

“Sea oath Gu? Shadow Sect?” Fang Yuan frowned.

Sea oath Gu is a rank six Immortal Gu, it was very famous during ancient times, together with mountain pledge Gu. Mountain pledge and sea oath, they worked like the poison vow Gu, but poison vow Gu was an expenditure Gu while these two Immortal Gu could be repeatedly used.

Fang Yuan had heard of the sea oath Gu and had an understanding of it. But he was unfamiliar with ‘Shadow Sect’.

Hearing this name, it sounds like a sect for Gu cultivators. That means, the loner Chou Jiu, had a secret organisation behind him?

Fang Yuan felt a little threatened, the situation was slightly out of his expectations.

It was not hard to kill Chou Jiu now, but Fang Yuan knew nothing about Shadow Sect, this gave him a sense of insecurity.

“That’s right, my sect is the Shadow Sect. The great ancestor who created Shadow Sect, was a rank eight Gu Immortal of the Immemorial Era. He was the one who found the door of life and death, and placed it into his blessed land. Later, many Gu Immortals were nurtured in Shadow Sect, the benefits are endless for you if you join Shadow Sect.”

Saying so, Chou Jiu said a bunch of benefits, truly expending his verbal talent, spouting an exaggerated tale.

Fang Yuan struggled a little, before calming down: “Hehehe, Chou Jiu, that’s a nice plan there. If I join Shadow Sect, you not only will be free from danger, I will even have to call you senior brother. In such a traditional sect, respecting seniority is the most important thing. If I join it, I will definitely have to make an oath and be restricted with all sorts of methods. At the end, I even have to contribute my gains on San Cha mountain, and do missions for the clan in the name of loyalty, am I right?”

“Shadow Sect?” Fang Yuan sneered, shaking his head: “Let’s not talk about the possibility of you lying, even if it is real, so what? A sect that was created in the Immemorial Era, it is a miracle that it is still around now. You mentioned there were many Gu Immortals in history, but they are mostly dead already right. Otherwise, Shadow Sect would be a great force in the southern border, why would you have to fight alone, and slog it out single-handedly?”

Chou Jiu’s expression turned white, he had to reassess Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was so young, but he was so calculating and scheming. Facing potential benefits, he could remain so calm and analytic, what sort of young man is this? He is definitely a hundred year old monster!

Fang Yuan laughed heartily, continuing: “I am the type of person who likes to take all the benefits for himself, don’t tell me about win-win situations. Even if you made the sea oath, it is not unbreakable. Sea oath Gu and mountain pledge Gu have an obvious weakness. When you made the oath, you had to face the sea or a large mountain. As long as the piece of ocean or the mountain is destroyed, the oath will lose its effect.”

Chou Jiu’s heart froze.

Fang Yuan was knowledgeable and knew many things, he was not like a newbie at all.

These kind of people were the hardest to fool.

Chou Jiu calmed his spirits: “It is useless. The sea that I made the oath to is inside the Shadow Sect blessed land, if you want to destroy that sea, you will need to know the location of the blessed land. But for me to say that location, you have to destroy the sea first. It is a dead loop.”

Fang Yuan sneered, killing intent surging: “Since there is nothing that can be done, forget it. You can die now.”

Chou Jiu sighed greatly: “If you want to kill me, go ahead.”

He did not move, but in his heart, he felt certain.

The door of life and death was a legendary location, who did not care about their life and death? Little beast king definitely cannot endure such a temptation, his actions now were only to scare him.

But Fang Yuan shot out the bone spike resolutely.

This bone spike flew towards Chou Jiu’s heart.

At once, an intense sense of danger assaulted Chou Jiu.

“What! He actually wants to kill me?!” Chou Jiu was shocked, quickly evading.

Pew!

A crisp sound and the bone spike pierced his shoulder, inches away from his heart, only after it stabbed through his back did it stop.

“You, you!” Chou JIu pointed at Fang Yuan, his trembling voice contained fear, shock, and confusion: “Little beast king, you madman! You really wanted to kill me, if I did not dodge, I would’ve died! That is the door of life and death, the door of life and death! Back then, even Ren Zu had to spend all his effort to find it. This is an unparalleled holy land, the controller of life and death, as long as you can obtain it and comprehend it, you will attain immortality!”

Fang Yuan looked at him coldly, speaking plainly: “Didn’t you say you can’t tell me the secret? Then what use do I have of you?”

“You can join the Shadow Sect!” Chou Jiu’s body was sweating, either out of pain or fear.

Fang Yuan snorted coldly, raising his hand and aiming again.

Chou Jiu quickly waved his hand, shouting: “Wait, wait, don’t be rash. There are other methods than this, we can use the poison vow Gu, if we make a poison vow, we can trust each other.”

“I do not need your trust.” Fang Yuan replied coldly.

“Then use the slavery Gu, I will acknowledge you as my master, don’t kill me.”

“You are a rank five Gu Master, we need to use the rank five slavery Gu. This Gu is extremely rare, way more expensive than its other rank five counterparts, where do you want me to find it? Moreover, even if we use these Gu, can you tell me the location of Shadow Sect’s blessed land?” Fang Yuan retorted.

Chou Jiu’s expression froze.

Fang Yuan observed his expression, and his heart moved, knowing that the words were true.

Fang Yuan’s killing intent was not real, he was merely trying to test Chou Jiu.

Chou Jiu suggested the poison vow Gu, slavery Gu, he was already frantic, but still did not dare to mention the location of the blessed land. It seems he really did make the sea oath.

Chou Jiu wanted to lie and make up a random location.

But as long as he did not die from the oath, it means he lied. If he said the real location, the oath would take his life as well.

Or rather, even if he managed to say it, he would lose all his value and Fang Yuan would not let him off.

In this situation, Chou Jiu was at his wits’ end.

Recognising this, he laughed bitterly: “To think that I Chou Jiu would die here today.”

“Being able to die in my hands is your honor.” Fang Yuan replied plainly.

Chou Jiu looked at Fang Yuan seriously, nodding in agreement: “That’s true, with your talent and mentality, as long as your luck is not too bad, you will definitely be a walking disaster of the demonic path. You want to kill me, there is no point in begging anymore. It is fine if I die in your hands, at least better than getting killed by those scumbags outside. Actually, I have a plan to allow you to learn about the door of life and death.”

Saying so, a cunning light flashed across Chou Jiu’s eyes.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 385: Kindness, Grudge, Affection, Hatred 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Oh? What method?” Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised.

“Regarding this matter, I have to start from a long time ago…” Chou Jiu heaved a deep sigh as he recalled; hatred, grief, deep love and other complicated expressions appeared on his face.

“I have no time to listen to your story.” Fang Yuan ruthlessly interrupted.

Chou Jiu choked: “Then I will make it short.”

“My original name was Zeng Ah Niu. I was a farmer who made a living by collecting herbs, one time I unluckily fell from a cliff but I profited from it and entered Shadow Sect’s blessed land. By passing the land spirit’s test, I was able to become a disciple of Shadow Sect. The sect only had two disciples, me and a senior sister.”

“Senior sister’s surname is Chen and her first name is Jiu, she was as beautiful as an immortal fairy. She was raised by the land spirit since young and had never left the blessed land, thus her nature was truly innocent. Since birth, I was extremely ugly and had always suffered bullying and ridicule. But senior sister was always amiable and warm to me. I slowly started having feelings for her after being in contact with her all the time. We took an oath in front of the blessed land’s sea, to protect and stand by each other. We cultivated together and entered deep into the door of life and death, capturing life Gu and death Gu….”

“That was the happiest time of my life and I had thought it could continue forever. After an earth calamity, the land spirit suffered injuries and went into hibernation; a hole appeared in the blessed land and connected it to the outside world, allowing a scoundrel to sneak in.”

“This scoundrel was heavily injured at that time, and if I had known what would happen later because of him, I would have definitely killed him on the spot! But I didn’t do that and instead saved him. He claimed his surname was Shang, and had blood red hair. He had exceptional eloquence, and using his flowery words, he slowly deceived senior sister during his recuperation. His appearance was indeed slightly better than mine and used his pretty boy face to win senior sister’s favor. Senior sister was innocent and ignorant, the more she talked with him, the happier she became; in the end, she took the initiative to take care of him in every possible way.”

“We argued many times about this, falling out with each other a lot. After that thief recovered, I wanted to expel him and continue living a fairytale life with senior sister. But who could have thought her heart had already changed and actually broke the oath we took at that time, injuring me and defecting with that scoundrel!”

“I was really regretful! I regretted my compassion which led to a disaster, and I hated senior sister Chen Jiu for falling in love with somebody else, and even more hatred towards that despicable scoundrel for robbing what I cherished. After I recovered from my injuries, I left the blessed land and roamed around Southern Border, searching for this adulterous couple. But what I didn’t know was, this scoundrel had really high status and was the leader of Shang clan!”

Chou Jiu paused and looked at Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was expressionless, he knew many behind-the-scene details due to his previous life memories and already knew who Chou Jiu was talking about in the middle of his conversation.

Chou Jiu could only give a forced smile at Fang Yuan’s indifference: “It seems you have already guessed their identities. That’s right, that thief is the current Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei and my senior sister Chen Jiu is Doctor Su Shou. Shang clan is a super clan while I am a lone force, I roamed around Southern Border all these years and put in a lot of effort to deal with this adulterous couple! Unfortunately… unfortunately I am going to die here today and have no way of achieving my wish.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan silently listened to end and suddenly laughed.

He looked at Chou Jiu who was sitting on the ground, his eyes shining brightly: “Killer ghost doctor, you made quite a good plan. According to your words, Shadow Sect has only you and Chen Jiu, if you die, I will have to obtain the information about life and death door from Shang Yan Fei and Doctor Su Shou. But why would they tell me about the matters regarding the blessed land of Shadow Sect so easily? At that time, we will have to fight, and no matter who wins, both will be favorable to you.”

“Hahaha… little beast king, you are very blunt and straightforward. People who only plot and scheme will always act under the radar, but your thinking is meticulous and your way of doing things is domineering, you are truly a formidable person who has yet to shake the world. You are right, that is my plan. It is an open scheme and you have already seen through it, so are you still going to make inquiries about the Shadow Sect’s blessed land from them?” Killer ghost doctor laughed heartily.

Fang Yuan looked at this rank five Gu Master for a while before sighing: “Of course.”

Life and death door was an immemorial forbidden ground like the river of time.

There were many unique Gu inhabiting in that place.

Spring Autumn Cicada existed in the river of time; life and death door naturally also had similar Immortal Gu.

It was impossible for Fang Yuan to not be moved by such an enormous benefits. Thus, he clearly knew Chou Jiu’s scheme, but was still going to go head-first into it.

Qiu laughed loudly with tears appearing in his eyes: “Little beast king, although you are a talent of the younger generation, I really admire you. I really look forward to the future where you collide with that adulterous couple. It is a pity I won’t be able to see it.”

“Our Shadow Sect has different views on life and death. We encountered each other among the countless sea of people because of life and yet my death will be because of you, this is a truly extraordinary fate. Maybe, you really are fated to find Shadow Sect’s blessed land and the door of life and death. I might as well give this mysterious fate to you and hope you can grasp it.”

Chou Jiu became tranquil and his gaze were deep as if he had seen through life and death: “It is no matter if I die now, after all in this world, who can live forever? One can gain a long life but immortality is a hopeless prospect. Even those Immortal Venerable and Demon Venerable will only turn into ashes in the end. Little beast king, I will end my own life, you don’t need to do it.”

Saying so, he committed suicide by biting off his tongue!

Blood sprayed out as his life went away, the ghost doctor, the head of the four great doctors in the future died like this.

“I did not expect to gain such important information by killing this ghost doctor. Shadow Sect’s blessed land, life and death door… If I am able to rule them, they will definitely be a foundation to my hegemony. It seems I will have to change my plan again.”

Every single Gu Master who cultivated to rank five needed to go through the survival of the fittest and many competitions before they were able to distinguish themselves; none of them were a simple character.

They all possessed their own individual opportunities, advantages, trump cards and secrets.

Right now, all the rank five Gu Masters in the blessed land were annihilated by Fang Yuan.

Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo, Wu Lan Shan and Chou Jiu had their own distinct individuality, deep foundation and powerful strength. If the current Fang Yuan was to fight them alone, any one of them could easily suppress him; he was absolutely not their match.

“So Doctor Su Shou’s real name is Chen Jiu while the killer ghost doctor named himself Chou Jiu, it seems the hatred was born from love. No wonder in my previous life, during the battle of Yi Tian mountain, he took the initiative to go there and threw himself into that whirlpool, challenging Shang Yan Fei and confronting Doctor Su Shou. And after he was taken as a prisoner, he exposed the matter back then and was killed by Shang Yan Fei.”

As for the kindness, grudge, affection and hatred entangling these three, Fang Yuan did not want to judge.

Sympathize with Chou Jiu? But Doctor Su Shou’s choice was also completely understandable. Favor the rich and disdain the poor, detest ugliness and love beauty, these were common in the world.

Shang Yan Fei was a famous handsome man in Southern Border; comparing him to Chou Jiu, one was day and another was night.

The main reason Doctor Su Shou felt deeply attached to Chou Jiu was because she was pure and Chou Jiu was the first male she saw. And later when she met Shang Yan Fei, her eyes were opened and had a comparison.

Moreover, Chen Jiu was someone who innately pursued beauty.

When a patient came to visit her, she would first look at their appearance. If they were ugly, she would not treat them. If they were average, it would depend on her mood at that time and the patient’s examination fees. If they were handsome and beautiful, she would treat them on the spot and not even charge fees.

Someone reproached her for this and she argued righteously: “You ugly beings, the fact that you are alive is simply staining the beauty of life, you should all just die and that will solve all troubles. As for beautiful things, of course we need to cherish and protect them by all means.”

These words had caused an uproar in Shang clan city at that time. In the end, Shang Yan Fei personally appeared and suppressed this event.

Doctor Su Shou’s position in Shang clan city was unique.

Back when Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing saw Doctor Su Shou together at Shang clan city, the difference in her attitude was very clear. She was indifferent to Fang Yuan whereas she was very gentle and amiable to Bai Ning Bing.

“But speaking of it, the four great doctors all have their own peculiarity. Leaving aside killer ghost doctor and Doctor Su Shou, Travelling Doctor Jiu Zhi likes to disguise himself as an old beggar and wander around aimlessly. Divine Doctor Sheng Shou is a male who likes other males.”

Fang Yuan thought casually while taking out all the Gu of killer ghost doctor.

Chou Jiu had many Gu worms.

Most of them were healing Gu and besides that were movement Gu.

He did not have rank five healing Gu, but instead had a rank five movement Gu called warp Gu.

Warp Gu’s shape was abstract and looked like a fried twisted dough. Its dark golden body was twisted around seven to eight times, its head was twisted around its body, its eyes and wings were misaligned; as if its creator had created it at a whim.

However, this appearance instead matched with its original owner’s appearance.

Fang Yuan slightly sized it up before storing it. Then he used beast strength placenta Gu to swallow Chou Jiu’s aperture.

Looking at Chou Jiu’s corpse, he chuckled: “Chou Jiu… Chou Jiu, you are really cunning. If I did not have my previous life’s memories, I would have truly been deceived by you.”

Although Chou Jiu was dead, he was hiding a chance of resurrection.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Chou Jiu’s throat had been cut and assassinated during the middle stage of the battle in Yi Tian mountain. But not long later, he came back to life, causing both righteous and demonic path to be extremely startled.

It turns out, he had used remnant life Gu.

Remnant life Gu was a rank five expendable Gu, and as long as a Gu Master’s body is intact after death, they can slowly recover after some time and resurrect.

However, since Chou Jiu was at the blessed land, the remnant life Gu’s law fragment in his body was suppressed by the heavenly power and could not activate for the time being. But as long as the blessed land slowly crumbles, its suppression power would weaken and the remnant life Gu’s power could activate again and resurrect him.

Chou Jiu had repeatedly praised and flattered Fang Yuan and put on a show that he was carefreely facing death; it was all to give a good impression to Fang Yuan so that after his death, his corpse would not be ripped apart by Fang Yuan.

In truth, Fang Yuan also did not have a habit of mutilating corpses.

“But today, I will make an exception for you.” Fang Yuan ruthlessly attacked and soon turned Chou Jiu’s corpse into minced meat.

He hesitated for a while and was still not satisfied, so he burnt the pool of blood and flesh into ashes.

With a wave of his palm, the ashes fluttered and drifted everywhere.

“Chou Jiu, if you can still resurrect from this, I will admit you have skills! Hahahaha…”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 386: He also died 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“This is the forty-eighth round.” Wu Shen Tong counted in his heart.

He came from Wu clan, the number one super clan in southern border, they had deep foundations, and were the supreme overlord of the righteous path. And he was the heavily nurtured enslavement path Gu Master in Wu clan, his attainments in enslavement was nothing to be scoffed at.

Wu Shen Tong’s name might sound domineering, but in truth, he was thin as a stick, his skin was pale-yellow, and he looked like a sickly scholar.

In truth, he once had a broad shoulder and thin waist, and had a perfect body. But in one battle, he was afflicted with Long Qing Tian’s jade sky Gu poison.

He went to Divine Doctor Sheng Shou for treatment.

Divine Doctor Sheng Shou touched his chest, his eyes shining as he sighed: “You came too late. The Gu poison has seeped into your bone marrow. I can preserve your life and cultivation, but because this poison is deeply rooted, it cannot be removed. From now you, you have to come here once in a while for treatment, I will help you detox at regular intervals.”

Precisely because of jade sky Gu’s poison, Wu Shen Tong became thinner and thinner each day, eventually ending up like this.

“I wonder which Gu Master is my next opponent?” Wu Shen Tong walked in the fog, his gaze solemn.

Just earlier, in the three options, he chose the front path.

In King Quan inheritance, towards the later stages, more options appeared. Most Gu Masters would choose to fight dog groups for safety, and in truth, they only chose other Gu Masters out of desperation.

No matter how big the dog group is, they were still beasts. With a Gu Master’s guidance, even if the dog group is weak, they possessed great threat.

Wu Shen Tong however, took the opposite route, whenever he was given a chance to battle another Gu Master, he would not choose any other path.

“In terms of enslavement path mastery, I am top-tier in southern border. In this San Cha mountain, I am almost the best. Only two people can threaten me, one is Wu Gui because he is a rank five Gu Master that had once walked the enslavement path. But sadly, enslavement path used too much resources and he had to change paths midway. The other is Zhang San San, he is a true enslavement Gu Master, but his cultivation is inferior to me.”

In the enslavement path, Wu Shen Tong had great advantage. In terms of seniority, Zhang San San was his junior. In this King Quan Inheritance, even if he had to fight Wu Gui head on, he had no fear.

With such great strength, he obviously had to target his enemies and eliminate as many competitors as possible.

Eventually, he will be left alone to devour this King Quan Inheritance.

This was Wu Shen Tong’s brilliance.

“If I had to count, my next opponent should be the twenty-third. Hehe, it is your bad luck to have encouraged me.”

Wu Shen Tong snorted internally as he stopped his steps.

Beside him, his group dog guarded him closely.

He looked at the other end of the fog, from the fog, a group of green-purple dogs with rotting skin appeared.

“Oh, corpse dogs.” Wu Shen Tong laughed lightly.

He knew that these dogs were extremely useful early on in the inheritance. That is because these dogs can consume corpses to recover their injuries.

But towards the later parts, these corpse dogs would get weaker and weaker. That is because, these dogs were not as fast as the lightning symbol dogs, had lower defense than the steel armor dogs, and were not as united as the chrysanthemum akita dogs.

“Only those half-assed enslavement path Gu Masters would love these useless corpse dogs. Different paths are worlds’ apart, how would those who aren’t enslavement path Gu Masters know the true meaning of enslavement path without decades of experience?”

Wu Shen Tong thought about those Gu Masters and laughed in disdain.

But the next moment,he frowned lightly.

From the fog before him, corpse dogs continued to appear.

“This number is slightly huge, it seems that to win, I will have to pay a small price.” Wu Shen Tong thought.

But soon, at the same time as the corpse dogs, different kinds of dogs started appearing in his vision.

“Chrysanthemum akita dogs! The number is slightly big, hmm… it seems this person has some attainments in the enslavement path.” Wu Shen Tong nodded lightly.

“A combination of chrysanthemum akita dogs and corpse dogs, although the number is slightly big, their formation is extremely brittle. I just have to use a few dog kings to charge forward later, and they would disperse easily, as long as I act forcefully, I would be able to defeat them and attain victory.”

“Eh, the other party actually has hedgedogs?”

From the fog, Wu Shen Tong saw hedgedogs appearing.

These dogs, their entire bodies were filled with spikes, attacking them would injure oneself.

If the steel armor dogs with huge defense were called tough, then these hedgedogs were tough with spikes. To eliminate them, one has to be prepared to get their throats punctured.

“So many hedgedogs! It seems this person is lucky, being able to gather such a huge group. Why didn’t I have such luck?”

Wu Shen Tong sighed, immediately changing his battle strategy.

“The opponent had hedgedogs, I will use the steel armor dogs as the vanguard, and flank with the lightning symbol dogs. Once they engage in battle, the steel armor dogs will charge in and encircle with the lightning symbol dogs, attaining victory easily!”

But after the hedgedogs appeared, large numbers of lightning symbol dogs appeared from the fog.

Wu Shen Tong’s expression turned grim.

The appearance of the dog group meant his earlier strategy no longer worked. That is because the opponent possessed a dog with high speed like lightning symbol dog, they could reverse flank him.

“To think they also have the lightning symbol dogs, and so many!” More and more lightning symbol dogs appeared in his vision, as Wu Shen Tong’s expression turned ugly.

He thought: The other party has so many dogs, this cannot be explained with luck. Evidently, the other part is also an experienced enslavement path Gu Master, already able to threaten him.

“Who is it? Is it Wu Gui or Zhang San San? Regardless, this will be a tough fight. I can only improvise my battle tactic, and change accordingly, thankfully, I have a token!”

Thinking so, Wu Shen Tong’s heart settled.

He took a look at his dog troop, there, a group of dogs laid on the ground, around a hundred and twenty.

The dogs were large in size, twice the size of ordinary dogs, they had sharp claws and their backs were wide and thick, while their nose and mouth resembled a lion’s.

This was the heavy tai dog.

Heavy tai dog had defense equivalent to the steel armor dogs. In terms of unity, they matched the chrysanthemum akita dogs.

“In this King Quan Inheritance, out of the hundred types of dogs, only a few can be part of the main troop. Heavy tai dog is one of them. Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog, and steel armor dog, these dogs are too extreme, their weaknesses are too apparently, they cannot be relied on. Only a dog like heavy tai dog can be relied on. The larger the numbers, the stronger their battle strength.

Wu Shen Tong looked at his heavy tai dogs, feeling satisfied.

These were saved up by him after much difficulty. In usual battles, he did not use them, saving them until now.

“It seems this will be a hard battle, I have to use the heavy tai dogs. I believe that when I strike, the opponent should be very surprised. Hahaha…”

Thinking of this, Wu Shen Tong’s lips curled into a smile.

But the next moment, his smile froze on his face.

From the other end of the fog, heavy tai dogs appeared too.

“The other party also have heavy tai dogs? Indeed, they are an expert in enslavement path, they naturally understand the excellence of the heavy tai dogs, thus they kept a few.”

More and more heavy thai dogs appeared from the fog, as Wu Shen Tong started squinting, his brows frowning into a wrinkle.

“So many, why do they have so many heavy tai dogs?”

He had always regarded the heavy tai dogs as his trump card, seeing his opponent have them placed much mental pressure on Wu Shen Tong.

Suddenly, Wu Shen Tong’s pupils shrunk as he stared at the fog.

He saw a domineering dog king.

“Heavy tai dog king! They actually have a heavy tai dog king!” Wu Shen Tong saw this and his heart sank.

With the dog king, the dog group’s battle strength will surge several times. More importantly, Wu Shen Tong does not have a heavy tai dog king to fight back, his trump card would be suppressed by his opponent’s dog king and have less fighting strength than normal.

In just a short moment, his trump card was no more.

“Tough battle, this will be an unprecedentedly tough battle! Who is it? Wu Gui or Zhang San San? It has to be one of them! High chance it is Wu Gui!”

Wu Shen Tong had lost his confidence towards this battle.

“The opponent’s troops are larger than mine, I am likely to lose this. Even if I win this, it will be a tough victory and I would face great losses, unable to continue anymore.”

Wu Shen Tong felt regret already.

But very quickly, he felt more than just simply regret.

His eye socket expanded more and more, as his mouth opened subconsciously.

His eyeballs were bulging out of his sockets, like his head was hit on the back. His expression turned from suspicious to shock, from shock to fear.

From the fog, not only did a large number of heavy tai dogs appear, even green hua dogs, smoke song dogs, light heng dogs and star heng dogs appeared!

Green hua dogs, a body covered in green scales, having an extraordinary disposition.

Smoke song dogs, oozing smoke from its nose and mouth, extremely rebellious.

Light heng dogs, a body of white fur, bright and gentle.

Star heng dogs, long and slim, stood out from the crowd.

How is this possible!” Wu Shen Tong screamed: “Green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng all have differing specialties, they are on the same level, known as the five great mountain 1 dogs collectively, able to form a grand formation! How did they get so many dogs?”

What was hardest for Wu Shen Tong to believe was that the other party not only had large numbers of five great mountain dogs, they also had their respective dog kings!

“Who in the world is he? How can he have so many dog kings? Unbelievable! Is this an illusion?” In the fog, dogs were still coming out one after another, causing a great mental impact on Wu Shen Tong.

Compared to him, the other party was like a giant fighting a baby.

They could be compared at all!

Wu Shen Tong had no battle intent left. He had no way of winning this battle.

The other party just has to wave their hand and the dog groups would overwhelm him, regardless of his manipulation skills, there was no difference.

The different in military force could not be made up for with technical skills.

“Who is it? Did a rank five enslavement path Gu Master come to San Cha mountain? Impossible! Even if it is a rank five enslavement path Gu Master, how can they have such a large army? I have to see who the other party is!”

Wu Shen Tong grabbed his token as he stared at the fog.

From the fog, a persona appeared.

“Finally revealing your true identity?” Wu Shen Tong’s sweat was dripping down his forehead as he gulped.

Swoosh!

At this moment, there was a light sound and Fang Yuan appeared behind him.

“Who?” Wu Shen Tong felt something and before he turned back.

Fang Yuan placed his palm on his head, squeezing.

Splat!

His head was popped like a balloon.

He was dead too.

From the fog, Bai Ning Bing walked out casually.

“How many rounds left?” She looked at Fang Yuan, yawning, like she had not gotten out of bed.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 387: Rank Five Slavery Gu 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Others had to rack their brains and make countless plans to advance through the rounds; people like Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui also had to meticulously plan and choose their options. But with the help of the land spirit, Bai Ning Bing just had to move forward.

The pitiful Wu Shen Tong, a grand rank four peak stage Gu Master, could not even see Bai Ning Bing’s appearance at the end.

As for Fang Yuan’s appearance, Bai Ning Bing was not in the least bit surprised because the land spirit had reminded her.

In fact, this was the cooperation of the two.

Fang Yuan needed Wu Shen Tong’s aperture while Bai Ning Bing needed Wu Shen Tong’s enslavement path Gu worms and these dog groups he had accumulated.

With Wu Shen Tong’s death, his large dog beasts group was naturally incorporated into Bai Ning Bing’s troops, increasing her enormous dog army by ten percent.

Looking at the vast dog group, Fang Yuan joyfully nodded: “Your dog beasts army has already become an initial formation. In this King Quan Inheritance, with this group, you can already snowball to the final round without any problems. Remember, at the last few rounds, there are a large group of lion mastiffs. These lion mastiffs are all mutated beasts and have much more battle prowess than the five great mountain dogs. They were the trump cards of King Quan. Besides them, there are two dog emperors, ancient mutated beasts which are more powerful than common mutated beasts. Back in the day, they were the left and right arms of King Quan, each of them can match a rank five Gu Master, you must subdue them!”

Bai Ning Bing nodded and left, continuing to charge through the rounds.

“You are indeed someone who came from the future, using Spring Autumn Cicada to come back to the past. You know about three kings inheritance inside out.” The land spirit transmitted its voice and praised, “I need to remind you, the immortal essence portions are almost depleted and are only enough for you to kill two more people. Who do you plan on killing next?”

Fang Yuan nodded and said without hesitation: “Zhang San San.”

Beast placenta Gu already had eighty-nine percent aptitude and shone like a gem. Compared to its previous rough muddy shape, the difference was like night and day.

Killing two more rank four Gu Masters was enough to achieve ninety percent aptitude.

Second aperture’s aptitude could not be higher than the Gu Master’s first aperture. Fang Yuan’s first aperture was A grade of ninety percent. Thus, the second aperture Gu’s current limit was also A grade ninety percent.

Even if he raised it to ninety nine percent, when it was used, Fang Yuan would only have ninety percent. The remaining nine percent aptitude would be wasted.

Of course, if Fang Yuan could raise his first aperture’s aptitude in the future, the second aperture would also have the potential to rise.

Zhang San San was only a rank four upper stage Gu Master, a stage lower than Gu Masters like Yi Huo and Kong Ri Tian.

But in Fang Yuan’s view, he was the enemy who possessed the most threat.

It was because he was an enslavement path Gu Master second only to Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui.

Fang Yuan had a plan: “Bai Ning Bing is not an enslavement path Gu Master in the end and is a complete newbie at commanding the dog groups. Later, she will definitely be confused when commanding so many dog beasts, it will be remarkable if she doesn’t make any mistakes. Fortunately, I don’t need her to command and control the dog beasts, and only need her to form a huge battle formation to protect the main hall and wait quietly.”

Like this, it would greatly fill up for her inadequacy in commanding ability.

However, such battle formation would be extremely rigid and in case she runs into a proficient enslavement path expert, the situation would turn into a mess.

For instance, Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui would only need to command a small group of dogs to make several attacks and probe out the actual situation. They could then send troops to lure the dog beasts repeatedly and cause disorder in the battle formation, creating a hole in the defense.

Fang Yuan would need to concentrate all his attention at the crucial stage of refining Gu. Land Spirit would also become very weak and all the defense would lie in the dog group, so Fang Yuan naturally wanted to eliminate the enslavement path Gu Masters who possessed the most threat.

After a while, Fang Yuan killed Zhang San San very smoothly.

Even Wu Gui, Wu Shen Tong and the others were killed by Fang Yuan, Zhang San San naturally could not escape his claws.

But his death gave Fang Yuan an unexpected surprise.

From Zhang San San’s aperture, Fang Yuan actually obtained a rank five slavery Gu.

Slavery Gu were available from rank one to rank five. Once these Gu were implanted on someone, it could control that Gu Master.

Rank five enslavement Gu could be used to control rank five Gu Master and was thus very precious and extremely rare. Back in the day on Qing Mao mountain, Gu Yue clan’s fourth generation clan leader had a great battle with flower wine monk. After he lost the battle, he asked for forgiveness and said he was willing to be enslaved by slavery Gu and be at flower wine monk’s disposal. In the end, flower wine monk was deceived by these words and during his moment of carelessness, he was counterattacked by the fourth generation clan leader, dying regretfully on Qing Mao mountain.

“Famous Gu Masters are not to be underestimated. This Zhang San San is an enslavement path Gu Master, it is not strange for him to possess enslavement Gu. The reason he had not used it was to wait for a good opportunity and get a rank five expert. After all, if a rank five slavery Gu were to be used on a rank four Gu Master, it would be a huge loss.”

Fang Yuan slightly thought and guessed Zhang San San’s thoughts.

He looked at the beast placenta Gu, its aptitude had already neared ninety percent, he only needed to kill one more.

Immortal essence portions were exhausted, so Fang Yuan could only kill one more anyway.

“With this enslavement Gu, I can control one person. Sigh, if I had known this Zhang San San had this Gu, I would have first killed him and used the enslavement Gu to subdue a rank five Gu Master.”

Fang Yuan felt some regret. If he had used this Gu to subdue Tie Mu Bai, it would be greatly advantageous to his Gu refinement!

Even if he did not get Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo, Wu Lan Shan or Chou Jiu were also extremely good choices.

However now, they were all dead, Fang Yuan at best could only subdue rank four Gu Master, but using rank five enslavement Gu on rank four Gu Masters was equivalent to using an ox-cleaver to kill chicken, a complete waste of its value.

However, despite the rank five enslavement Gu being extremely precious and it would be a waste of its value, Fang Yuan was still going to use it!

He would be facing enormous risks while refining second aperture Gu, and would no doubt be much safer with a second rank four Gu Master beside him.

But there were so many rank four Gu Masters in the blessed land, who should he subdue?

Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong along with Li Fei Le, Tao Zi, Feng Tian Yu, Yan Jun, Li Xian, Hu Mei Er, Tie clan’s four old-timers, Tie Ruo Nan and others; some were powerful, some were cunning, some were sinister, some were brave, some specialized in long ranged attacks, some had outstanding movement ability, some were superior in healing, some had huge wealth, some had large connections…

Every choice had its consequences.

Fang Yuan’s thoughts rumbled like lightning and after thinking for a good while, he decided upon a choice.

“It shall be him. Land spirit, transport me.” Fang Yuan decided and said with no hesitation.

After about three minutes, Feng Tian Yu was kneeling in front of Fang Yuan and wholeheartedly said: “This subordinate Feng Tian Yu greets master!”

“Feng Tian Yu, you could refine rank five Gu when you were at rank three. Although the rank five Gu died after half a day, you achieved instant reputation from this. Now, things have changed, your clan is dwindling and facing extinction, you are no longer the young clan leader that had infinite prospects once.” Fang Yuan looked at the kneeling Feng Tian Yu and said indifferently.

Feng Tian Yu raised his head: “Having lord as my master, it is this subordinate’s honor and fortune.”

“It is good that you understand this point. Next, continue to charge through the rounds according to my instructions. King Xin inheritance has an undefeated hundred battles Gu, bring it to me.” Fang Yuan instructed.

“Yes, this subordinate will exhaust all his strength to do this task for master!” Feng Tian Yu promptly replied.

Under the control of the enslavement Gu, he had become a loyal and devoted slave of Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan felt reassured at Feng Tian Yu.

He was not only a famous and talented grand master of the refinement path in Southern Border, he was the biggest beneficiary of King Xin’s inheritance in his previous life.

In Fang Yuan’s memories, it was him who obtained undefeated hundred battles Gu.

Now after rebirth, Fang Yuan was not only going to obtain undefeated hundred battles Gu, but also take the original owner as his subordinate.

“Feng Tian Yu will be guided by the land spirit, it won’t be a problem for him to charge through King Xin’s inheritance. Like this, I have already acquired two of three kings inheritance.”

However, this was also not Fang Yuan’s main reason.

The reason why he chose Feng Tian Yu was because of his innate talent at refinement path.

After all, it was the first time Fang Yuan was refining the second aperture Gu. With such a grandmaster of refinement path beside him, it would definitely be a huge help in refining the Gu.

After taking in Feng Tian Yu, Fang Yuan began to consider his last target to kill.

Kill who?

Fang Yuan’s first thought was not the strongest Yi Huo and was also not the influential Hu Mei Er and Tao Zi, but rather Tie Ruo Nan.

Like Tie Mu Bai, Fang Yuan also thought highly of Tie Ruo Nan’s future prospects. Such a genius that had already been sharpened through trials, if she was allowed to grow, she was bound to be a huge threat. She was more terrifying that even Yi Huo and others.

However, the problem now was, the threat Tie Ruo Nan brought to Fang Yuan was far lower than Gu Masters like Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and others.

For the second aperture Gu refinement, if Fang Yuan killed Yi Huo, it would absolutely be more helpful than killing Tie Ruo Nan.

To kill Yi Huo just to be safe, or root out Tie Ruo Nan in consideration of the future?

Fang Yuan’s thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the land spirit: “Not good, something happened!”

“What?” Fang Yuan was surprised, the land spirit’s tone hid a trace of panic.

“A rank four Gu Master has discovered a weak area of the blessed land. That area had been seriously damaged due to earth calamity, the heavenly power at that area is the weakest and the Gu Masters can use one Gu there. Now, he is using a rank five Gu to spread poison all over the place. He will open a passage to the outside world in around eight minutes at this rate, and create a hole in the blessed land!”

Fang Yuan immediately sensed the seriousness of the matter.

In his previous life, he was a rank six Gu Immortal and had once possessed a blessed land, naturally knowing the importance of this.

If there was a hole in the blessed land and it connects with the outside world, the immortal essence expenditure would double. If it was not stopped and repaired in time, the hole would grow bigger and bigger, finally attracting winds of assimilation.

Once the winds of assimilation blew, the blessed land would be destroyed.

“I have already separated and cut off most of the areas with holes in the blessed land. But there are three places that are in crucial areas and can’t be cut off. To think this person’s luck is so good to actually bump into one of the areas and even be aware of the hole. For the actual situation, take a look.” The land spirit heaved a sigh.

A scene appeared in front of Fang Yuan.

In the scene, there was a Gu Master wearing dark blue robe, he was thin and his gaze was gloomy.

It was none other than Long Qing Tian!

Right now, he was activating his sole rank five poison Gu — jade sky.

Everywhere around him, the land and the sky were all suffused with a layer of pale green light.

He who once dyed the sky jade green!

Jade sky Gu was Long Qing Tian’s core trump card, a Gu from the immemorial times and was fundamental extinct now. Long Qing Tian had used this Gu to roam Southern Border and gain terrifying reputation for poisoning countless people.

Now, he was poisoning this part of the blessed land!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“To think my luck is so good, I accidentally found this weakened zone.” Long Qing Tian’s gaze shone as he showed an excited expression.

After all, although the three kings inheritance had a hundred rounds, each one had multiple choices, like the branches of a gigantic tree.

Him arriving at this place was rarer than one out of ten thousand, his luck was maxed out.

“The heavenly power restricting this place is very weak, I can actually use one Gu. Haha, I will use the jade sky Gu and poison this blessed land, that way, I will be able to communicate with the main world and form a connection.

“Once the path is made, I will be able to use Gu worms here at will, I will not have to obey the three kings’ rules. After that, I will use this place as my base and expand my influence, and get all the rewards. Hehehe, eh? Who is it!”

Long Qing Tian sensed something and turned around, seeing one person far away.

“Little beast king Fang Zheng?” Long Qing Tian squinted, feeling weird that Fang Yuan was here.

Fang Yuan did not reply, he waved his hand and a bone spike flew out.

Long Qing Tian snorted, activating his defensive Gu.

All around him was the jade-green jade sky Gu’s poison, already invading a huge area. Fang Yuan did not have detoxification methods and did not dare to touch the Gu poison, thus he could only engage in long range battle.

At this time, Fang Yuan only had the mutated beast phantoms left, but he did not have the rank four all-out effort Gu, thus he could not summon them as he wished.

But he had killed so many Gu Master experts, and obtained many different Gu worms that could be used for long range attacks.

In a few rounds of battle, Long Qing Tian was defeated by Fang Yuan.

Long Qing Tian could only use one Gu at any given time. Fang Yuan could use any number of Gu with the help of the land spirit. The difference between the two was huge.

Although he won, Fang Yuan’s expression was ugly.

Long Qing Tian’s corpse was a pale jade-green color, already poisoned by the jade sky Gu poison.

This demonic expert, before his death, smiled at Fang Yuan darkly, before activating the jade sky Gu and killed himself with poison.

Fang Yuan did not kill Long Qing Tian, he knew he had no hopes of surviving and suicided.

“As expected of a demonic head.” Fang Yuan breathed out deeply.

Jade sky Gu contained a special poison from the immemorial era, it is already extinct. In the current southern border, only the four great doctors can cleanse it.

If Fang Yuan wanted to devour his aperture, he would have to make contact with the poison. If he got poisoned, in less than two hours, his whole body will fade into a green light.

Very few Gu Masters could survive after getting hit with the jade sky Gu poison.

Wu Shen Tong from Wu clan was extremely lucky.

Even if Fang Yuan risked getting poisoned, he might not get any Gu. With the weak heavenly power here, Long Qing Tian could easily self-detonate his Gu worms one by one.

The benefits were not proportional to the risks, Fang Yuan would not do it.

“But because of this, my last portion of immortal essence has been expended on Long Qing Tian. The beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude can only reach eighty-nine percent.”

Fang Yuan felt great pity, after working so hard, he did not reach his desired ninety percent.

“I am after all too weak. The execution of these kind of plans can only be left to chances.

This unexpected situation that Long Qing Tian caused caught him off guard.

Fang Yuan was human, not god, he did not expect this to occur.

Although he had his previous life’s memories, and could clearly recall the details, for such minor details, if nobody mentioned it, who would know?

Moreover, after his rebirth, he changed many events. Whether this incident by Long Qing Tian happened in his previous life was unknown.

“Nevermind about the beast strength placenta Gu, what’s worse is that the land had already been infected by the jade sky Gu poison, the poison will eventually break out! By then, this land will rot, and turn into green-blue light, creating a huge hole.”

Fang Yuan looked at this area, as the green color darkened and spread further out.

Such a loophole would accelerate the blessed land’s destruction. That also means that the land spirit will get even weaker.

“If it was a younger blessed land, as long as immortal essence is sufficient, even if the poison cannot be cured, it will be able to cut away this rotten area and fix the hole. But this blessed land is already too old, and lack in immortal essence. Forming a hole here now is like the last straw that breaks the camel’s back . Sigh, I have little time left to refine Gu, I must hurry.”

At this point, Fang Yuan’s merciless slaughter had reached its end. He returned to the hall, and fought against time, refining his Gu!

As days passed, Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure intensified.

Fang Yuan only slept an hour a day, forcing himself to the limits.

As he worked hard like his life was on the line, other than a few unavoidable failures, his process was rapid. Even the land spirit was full of praises.

While Fang Yuan moved closer towards success, his younger brother was extremely high-spirited.

….

Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.

At the middle of Hu Immortal blessed land, on Dang Hun mountain, Fang Zheng climbed with great effort, surpassing people after people.

During this period, he became the center of attention, attracting many people’s gazes.

“It’s him, that Fang Zheng from Immortal Crane Sect! He surpassed another person again!” Someone was jealous and envious.

“Fang Zheng…” Looking at Fang Zheng’s ascending silhouette, Fairy Bi Xia had a complicated gaze.

“Something weird is going on with this lad! At this rate, he might be the first to reach the peak!” Wei Wu Shang who has some rivalry with Fang Zheng had to admit that Fang Zheng had a high chance of success.

Fang Zheng used both his hands and legs, climbing laboriously.

 He breathed raggedly, with Lord Sky Crane’s help, he surpassed the ten sect elites one by one.

Eventually, there were only three people above him.

Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji, Feng Jin Huang!

“This lad is finally at the front, I did not use one’s own way Gu in vain.” He Feng Yang was watching closely, after seeing this, he sighed in relief.

“Without any accidents, the victor will be one of these four.” A Gu Immortal said mentally.

“Immortal Crane Sect’s speed is fast, but hehe, it is still uncertain who wins until the last second.”

“Indeed, Immortal Crane Sect is only fourth now, and had a huge difference with the first three. Now, it depends on whether he can surpass them in the limited time ahead.”

The Gu Immortals conversed.

The entire inheritance competition had reached its final stage!

…

In the grand hall, a lump of multi-colored light about the size of a water tank floated in the air as it spun.

Fang Yuan controlled it as his eyes were bloodshot, muttering: “Retrieve ninety grams of willow orpiment.”

At once, a relief sculpture moved away from the flooring, and turned into solid mass, it was the willow orpiment.

This was a material was from ancient times, rarely seen in today’s world, it was retrieved by land spirit, carving out ninety grams and placing it into the rainbow-colored light.

Fang Yuan concentrated, not having any carelessness, as the light turned yellow, he spoke: “Retrieve thirty snowball Gu.”

Thirty snowball Gu flew into the yellow light, the light lump that was water tank size was still yellow, but its volume was shrinking.

Eventually, it turned into a tiny inconspicuous soil-yellow rock.

Fang Yuan carefully held this rock, breathing in deeply. To refine this Gu, he spent two days and one night, it had finally ended.

He was extremely tired, lying down and falling asleep immediately, wanting to sleep for an entire week straight.

But after an hour, he was woken up by the land spirit.

This rock could not exist for long, after another fifteen minutes, it would evaporate. By then, Fang Yuan’s hard work would have gone down the drain, and he would need to start over.

“Refining Gu is difficult, it has to be a strength path Gu Master that has mastery over the refinement path. Even I, who has my memories and foundation, found it hard, and almost failed many times before, it was truly nerve wrecking. No wonder no one managed to refine the second aperture Gu in my previous life.”

Fang Yuan sighed as he patted his cheeks, waking himself up.

After resting for an hour, he felt much better, but his head was still heavy. He had used up too much mental energy, and he was mentally drained.

The second aperture Gu was a rank six Gu, refining an Immortal Gu was not an easy task.

Fang Yuan did not need to look at the mirror to know that he definitely looked pale with deep eye bags, having messy hair and an extremely exhausted expression.

“Land spirit, how much immortal essence left?” He asked.

“Five portions left.” Land spirit answered, weakness could be felt from its voice.

Eighteen days had past since Long Qing Tian was killed.

The rate of weakening of the blessed land shocked Fang Yuan secretly.

To sustain the three kings inheritance, immortal essence was expended greatly. Such a phenomenon had caused the outside world to go wild.

At this period, more and more Gu Master came to explore to blessed land, some were established experts.

“Only five portions of immortal essence are left, but the Gu refinement is only two-thirds done. Land spirit, what day and month is it?” Fang Yuan asked with a grim expression.

“According to your calendar, today is the nineteenth of October.”

“Nineteenth of October, according to my calculations, the second aperture Gu’s refinement will reach the last step in five days. October twenty-fourth… eh? In history, isn’t this the day where Feng Jin Huang attains victory and inherits the Hu Immortal blessed land?” Fang Yuan thought of Feng Jin Huang.

This girl had exemplary talent and a strong background, after inheriting Hu Immortal blessed land, she shot up rapidly. In future, she cultivated to Gu Immortal realm using this, and spread her influence throughout the world, shining with a brilliant light.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he escaped southern border and arrived at central continent, becoming a Gu Immortal and after creating the bloodwing demonic sect, this woman was his mortal enemy. They had at least a few hundred battles, and eventually, Fang Yuan allied with numerous demonic path Gu Immortals and attacked Hu Immortal blessed land together, paying a painful price to kill her.

“My influence now should not have reached central continent yet. Feng Jin Huang obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, the benefit was as great as the heaven! Even second aperture Gu cannot compare to it.”

Fang Yuan sighed, his previous life’s enemy was about to soar to heaven, yet he was too far away and could not stop it.

Fang Yuan did not know that his brother was still alive, and was engaging in a fierce competition with Feng Jin Huang and the others.

The influence of his rebirth, had already affected central continent’s ten sects.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 389: Only one step left 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

October 20th.

In the main hall, faint red rays of light began to vanish and shone upon the surroundings.

The relief sculptures on the bronze tiles had already disappeared by more than half.

Fang Yuan’s face was pale and he looked haggard, his eyes were red as his gaze was fixed at every change in the light lump.

Everything was silent.

October 21st.

The land spirit brought a bad news; a rank five expert had entered the blessed land.

Fang Yuan looked at the image and immediately recognized this person: “So it was Xiao Mang of Xiao clan. He is an expert of the light path and possesses rank five extreme light Gu. In my previous life, he appeared on San Cha mountain, he came after all.”

The land spirit gasped: “Extreme light Gu? Then it means this Xiao Mang can summon the light of glory of the immemorial era! This enemy is a huge threat to us!”

The land spirit was extremely worried.

Immemorial times had nine heavens; white heaven, red heaven, orange heaven, yellow heaven, green heaven, azure heaven, blue heaven, purple heaven and black heaven.

The sunlight of the immemorial era was extraordinary, it was the light of glory and could pierce through the nine heavens and spread its warmth and grace to all living beings.

At present, red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue and purple heavens were no more, only white heaven and black heaven remained. The sunlight no longer contained the glory of the immemorial era, and had weakened to the extreme, being able to pierce through only the white heaven.

Rank five extreme light Gu, once activate, could burst out with the intense light of glory of immemorial era. This light did not have even a little bit of attack power, but it could pass through everything and shine upon on every corner of the world.

That is to say, even this blessed land could not cut off immemorial light.

Fang Yuan scoffed: “Ba Gui, you can be relieved. He obtained the extreme light Gu from robbing a tomb and is an incomplete Gu. He can only use it three times every month. If he crosses this limit, the Gu will self-destruct.”

The land spirit let out a breath of relief: “That’s good. These days, I have been getting weaker. At the final juncture, you will have to rely on yourself.”

“Hehe, I have always liked relying on myself.” Fang Yuan laughed and continued to refine Gu without saying any more.

October 22nd.

Puff… 

“Damn it, another failure!”

Fang Yuan spat out a large mouthful of blood, his eyes turned black and almost lost his consciousness.

He gritted his teeth and held the ground; he felt the world was spinning, he seemed to see stars and there were continuous buzzing sounds in his ears.

Especially, his chest felt stifled and he felt like vomiting.

After a long while, this nauseous feeling eased slightly.

Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and slowly sat down.

“Failure in Gu refinement will cause a backlash. I have already failed three times in this step, it is not that my skills are bad, I already did it perfectly but this step seems to rely on luck and has a probability of one in a ten chance of success. Sigh! There is no time!”

Fang Yuan was looking pale, he resisted the pain of the backlash with great difficulty and began his fourth attempt.

At this moment, the immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was less than four portions.

October 23rd.

Fang Yuan stopped his actions and looked at the Gu worm in his hand with bright light shining in his eyes.

This Gu was like a beetle with a big and graceful belly, a pointed head and tail. It did not have any legs or antennas. It’s shape was vague, seemingly like a vague carving on crude earthenware, with no vitality like a grey stone.

The earth spirit was joyous: “Young man, I really didn’t misjudge you! You have succeeded in refining this false Gu, now you only need to advance a step and turn false into real and refine the true second aperture Gu!”

“That’s right, only one step remains.” Fang Yuan’s tone was complicated, relaxed and yet heavy.

Refining this second aperture Gu was like climbing a mountain. There were thousands of steps and who knew how many times he had failed, and he had gotten almost no rest, but finally he reached this stage. His previous effort and investment were not in vain, thus he was relaxed.

However, this final step was the most crucial moment, a step of qualitative change and required the use of Immortal Gu divine travel Gu.

Although Fang Yuan had succeeded in refining Spring Autumn Cicada, he had never used Immortal Gu to refine Immortal Gu; this final step was the step which he did not have any certainty of, so his mood was heavy.

“Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete… This final step required the use of lifespan Gu, divine travel Gu and also two third watch Gu.” Fang Yuan pondered.

He understood the earlier steps and could even modify them. But as for this step, he only slightly understood its real intent.

“Land spirit, what changes have occured in the blessed land?” Fang Yuan suddenly asked.

“Two batch of troops have arrived with dozens of rank three Gu Masters, each being led by a rank four Gu Master; their momentum is great.” The land spirit showed the scenes to Fang Yuan.

“So it is Che clan and Zuo clan, tsk , the two clan leaders are leading and it seems most of the elders have come.” Fang Yuan recognized them with a glance.

The whole San Cha mountain was located in between Zuo clan’s Leng Chan mountain and Che clan’s Fei Lai mountain.

These two clans were continuously expanding and in the recent years, had been competing at the front line of San Cha mountain with the intent to occupy it.

However, the sudden appearance of the three kings inheritance thoroughly ruined these two clans’ plan.

There were a hundred thousand famous mountains in the whole Southern Border along with countless unnamed mountains and hills which were covered with wild and ferocious beasts, their surroundings were dangerous and extremely hard to pass.

Other forces could only send their elites. But these two clans were nearby and had restrained themselves at the beginning, but now when they felt the strange change in the inheritance, they finally send most of their troops.

To Fang Yuan, this was bad news.

At the final juncture, everyone was sure to attack the center of the blessed land, this main hall. These Che clan and Zuo clan’s troops were all Fang Yuan’s enemies.

“Besides them, when the time comes, there will be Li Xian, Hu Mei Er, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and other experts. At the final juncture, I will have to concentrate fully on refining Gu and leave the defense to land spirit, Bai Ning Bing and Feng Tian Yu. This is however only the external danger.”

“At the final step, I will need to use two third watch Gu in a row, causing the time to flow nine times faster on me! This is a great tonic to Spring Autumn Cicada and at that time, its pressure will increase drastically and endanger my aperture. This is the internal danger.”

“With both internal and external danger, danger lurks everywhere. But I can only grit my teeth and persevere. I have already reached this stage, only one step remains before I am able to step on the summit. I will bet on this. If I really succeed, I will have a second aperture and as I cultivate to rank six in future, I will not fall too far behind Feng Jin Huang.

In Fang Yuan’s plan after rebirth, Qing Mao mountain and Shang Clan were only a platform while the second aperture Gu was the stepping stone.

But it was because of these small accumulations that he could sprint further.

Next, there will be many opportunities which he would have no qualifications to participate without a certain cultivation and strength!

“All living beings have to go through survival of the fittest, I can’t compromise on these opportunities and have to make every second count. Only then will I not let down my future knowledge….”

Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh before beginning to rest, preparing for the final day.

October 24th.

Fang Yuan woke up from his deep sleep and slowly opened his eyes.

“It has been so many days since I had such a comfortable sleep, next is the great battle!” He stood up and slowly paced around the main hall.

Under the land spirit’s guidance, there were already two people standing outside the main hall.

“Master!” Feng Tian Yu immediately kneeled in front of Fang Yuan and offered a Gu worm.

This Gu was nothing special in its appearance, looking like a round piece of limestone. It was none other than undefeated hundred battles Gu.

“Subordinate was able to accomplish the mission, and after going through the hundredth round and receiving King Xin Inheritance, I was able to take in these hairy men.”

At his side stood several hundred hairy men, their bodies were filled with dense hair and were standing there quietly.

“Good.” Fang Yuan nodded and indifferently praised, he was not surprised.

These hairy men had the innate nature to follow the people who were better at refining Gu than them. It was not surprising for Feng Tian Yu to charge through the hundredth barrier and have these followers.

Fang Yuan then walked towards Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing looked at the great bronze main hall, her gaze flashing with a trace of understanding: “It seems this is the blessed land’s center area.”

Saying so, she looked at Fang Yuan: “Hmph, you best remember your promise.”

Fang Yuan smiled: “You can be at ease.”

He looked behind Bai Ning Bing, seeing the near hundred thousand dog beasts that did not seem to have an end; some were occupying an area, some were having fun with each other and some were running around, making a din.

Fang Yuan slightly furrowed his brows, this was the weakness of Bai Ning Bing’s commanding ability. If it was Zhang San San, Wu Gui or Wu Shen Tong, any one of them could arrange these dogs in a tight formation and have them stand there without moving, like an army.

However, this was after all something entirely beyond Bai Ning Bing, she had never received any enslavement path training before, and it was already not easy for her to be able to reach this stage.

In fact, Bai Ning Bing was feeling dizzy now, her every movement was slightly lagging and her soul felt heavy, she felt her body was like a marionette.

Controlling so many dog beasts at once was truly demanding a lot out of her.

“Listen to my arrangements now, be in a defensive formation. No matter how the enemies provoke you, do not take the initiative to attack. Remember it at all costs, remember.” Fang Yuan warned.

“Okay, since it is your arrangement, whether this succeeds or fails has no relation to me.” Bai Ning Bing coldly replied.

“Hehe, no matter success or failure, I will give you the Yang Gu.” Fang Yuan assured with a smile.

“Hmph, you better do what you said.”

 …

“Two light pillars have disappeared, this means King Xin and King Quan Inheritance have been taken!” Early morning, at the peak of San Cha mountain, there was a commotion among the Gu Masters.

“This time’s inheritation opening is extremely strange, it has been maintaining itself till today, causing the blessed land to deteriorate extremely fast.” Someone was doubtful.

But compared to this, more people were paying attention towards the inheritance.

“Who are the two lucky guys who inherited the inheritance?”

“I think King Xin Inheritance should be inherited by Lord Tie Mu Bai. He has not come out since he entered.”

“King Quan Inheritance might have been inherited by Wu Gui.”

“No, it should be our clan’s lord Wu Shen Tong.”

“Hmph, the way I see it, our demonic path’s enslavement master Zhang San San also has a chance of winning.”

The crowd argued for a while before someone finally discovered something strange.

“Strange, none of the several rank five Gu Masters that entered the inheritance has come out. What is going on?”

“King Xin and King Quan Inheritance were inherited, but why have the other guys not come out?”

“They are being detained in the blessed land. This blessed land is already nearing its extinction, not long later the passage will open wide and let all of us enter and exit at will.” A resonant voice spread.

“Lord Xiao Mang!” Immediately, the righteous path Gu Masters recognized the identity of the speaker.

“This Xiao Mang has not entered the inheritance after he arrived on San Cha mountain, what the heck is he planning?” Demonic Gu Masters felt apprehensive inwardly, Xiao Mang’s arrival had suppressed their flames.

Xiao Mang proudly smiled after succeeding in attracting everyone’s gaze: “Now I will use extreme light Gu to open the passage for us!”

When he finished speaking, he opened his eyes wide and furiously activated his primeval essence while lifting his fists high.

Extreme light Gu!

Heaven’s will Gu!

Empty fist Gu!

Killer move —  Immemorial Light Fist!

Three Gu activated at once, causing the whole sky to dim.

Everyone looked with shock as light rays formed into an enormous fist the size of a mountain, it appeared abruptly and disappeared just as suddenly, striking at some unknown place.

Extreme light Gu might have no attacking power, but when combined with the other two Gu, it could form an incomparably intense attack!

Bam!

A formless membrane was pierced through, the blessed land shook and an enormous hole formed into a passage that connected to the outside world.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 390: Mo Wu Tian 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On San Cha mountain peak, only one light pillar remained.

But a grey plain appeared in front of everyone like a foggy image. It looked like it was separated by a veil, giving off a dream-like atmosphere.

How could a plain appear on the mountain peak?

This was caused by Xiao Mang; he penetrated the blessed land and created a loophole.

For a moment, everyone was silent; some were dazed, some shocked, and some looked at each other, no one moved.

Xiao Mang snorted inwardly before slightly signalling with his eyes at somewhere in the crowd.

A Gu Master immediately ran out of the crowd: “Lord Xiao Mang’s might is unrivalled, even forcibly piercing through the blessed land. Like this, we are no longer confined by the restrictions of three kings inheritance and all of us can enter!”

After he finished shouting this, he walked out of the crowd and with several jumps, entered the hole inside the blessed land.

He then activated his Gu worms in front of everyone.

One, two, and three… the heavenly power’s suppression around the hole had weakened, allowing him to activate three Gu worms.

This scene immediately caused the crowd to be restless, countless people seemed to be startled awake and their breathing turned rough.

Being able to use Gu meant they had the ability to defend themselves. That is to say, the risk in the blessed land greatly decreased.

However, the performance was still not over, this Gu Master suddenly ran back and with several jumps, got out of the blessed land and returned to San Cha mountain.

“Hahaha!” He laughed loudly and cupped his fists to Xiao Mang, “Thank you lord for your favor!”

Xiao Mang chuckled: “There is no need for thanks, no need. I only felt that everyone should have the rights to compete for the treasures of heaven and earth. It is too much that only a few people hog them. However, how much you can seize will have to depend on yourselves.”

“We are very grateful to Lord Xiao Mang!”

“Lord Xiao Mang is a great person, and his elder brother is the hero Xiao Shan.”

“Truly, they are a pair of dragon and tiger brothers!”

“Looking at all the great rank five Gu Masters at San Cha mountain, only Lord Xiao Mang cared about us weaker characters, he is a role model of the righteous path, he is so kind…”

The cheers and flattery of everyone entered Xiao Mang’s ears like a tide.

The crowd of people charged into the blessed land.

“A bunch of idiots.” Xiao Mang was beaming with a warm and gentle smile, but was disdainfully scoffing inwardly.

“I came really late compared to Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui and the others. King Quan and King Xin Inheritances have been taken, now only King Bao remains! Damn them! I had already pleaded with father and the elders, but they were only concerned about Xiao Shan’s illness! Hmph, it would be best if he dies, then I will become young clan leader…”

“Hmph, only after coaxing and pestering was I permitted to come to San Cha mountain, but it is too late already! How can I compare to those guys who came before me? Only by creating a hole in the blessed land, and causing chaos can I get benefits from within!”

“As for this blessed land, the more people that goes in, the more burden it will have to bear. Hehehe, the heavenly power will get weaker and weaker. So what if you guys obtained the inheritance? I can completely use my Gu worms to seize them! King Bao, King Quan and King Qin Inheritance, they are all mine! If I can’t obtain them, then you guys can also stop thinking of them!”

 …

“Alright, this is more or less it.” Fang Yuan nodded with satisfaction as he looked at his surroundings.

This bronze main hall was situated on a hill. The hill was not steep and rather had gentle slopes around it.

Such a terrain was not easy to defend, but the numbers of the dog beasts slightly made up for it.

For over two hours, Fang Yuan had been arranging the formation for Bai Ning Bing and explaining to her how to deal with any situations that could occur.

BOOM…

Right at this time, the whole world shook and some dust fell off from the ceiling of the bronze hall.

“Not good, that Xiao Mang used extreme light Gu to pierce through the blessed land and formed a passage. Large numbers of Gu Masters are rushing in, killing and competing; the whole situation has completely fallen into chaos!” The lands spirit’s voice resounded.

Fang Yuan chuckled without any panic.

In his previous life’s memories, it had been the same. Xiao Mang’s arrival signified the development of this scene.

“Chaos is good, Xiao Mang wants to profit from this chaos while I need this chaotic situation to help me drag for time.” Fang Yuan’s dark eyes flashed with eerie light.

“Eh? A rank five Gu Master actually mixed in among this crowd… this young man is really amazing to be able to deceive my senses, I only found something wrong when he made his move!” The land spirit suddenly said.

Fang Yuan furrowed his brows, this development was beyond his expectation: “Who is it?”

The image in front of him stopped and showed a young man with long black hair that reached up to his waist. He had a pair of deep and dark purple eyes with thick eyebrows which ends were raised up, giving him a crazed disposition like burning flames.

He gave off an awe-inspiring demonic aura, disregarding the world, an unbridled tyrannical aura that seemed to want to destroy the world like the descent of an evil dragon.

“Mo Wu Tian!” Fang Yuan gaze concentrated and recognized the man.

This person was a genius of the demonic path who had inherited an ancient inheritance and was a soul path Gu Master. Whether it was his reputation or power, Fang Yuan was not his match.

In his memories, in the battle of Yi Tian mountain, Mo Wu Tian had beheaded several rank five righteous path Gu Masters, his reputation was fearsome and his demonic flames soared to the skies. At the end, when the demonic path was completely defeated, Mo Wu Tian broke through the besiegement and stormed out with no one being able to obstruct him.

“In my previous life, Mo Wu Tian did not come to San Cha mountain! It seems the influence of my rebirth has already affected a person of such strength?”

Just as Fang Yuan was contemplating, inside the image, Mo Wu Tian seemed to have discovered being watched; he slightly turned around and unexpectedly looked right in Fang Yuan’s direction.

“So it was this way…” He muttered in a soft voice and the corner of his lips formed a sinister smile.

“This is bad, he seems to have sensed us and is charging towards here!” The land spirit immediately gave a warning.

Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted into a slit, Mo Wu Tian was actually targeting him with an intense hostility. What are his intentions, and what did he discover?

“The chaos will only last for a some time and when Tie Mu Bai and the others don’t show up, it will start creating doubt. We don’t have much time, we need to immediately start with the Gu refinement! Land spirit, raise the fog. Feng Tian Yu, follow me into the main hall and help me in Gu refinement!”

They were pressed for time, Fang Yuan shouted his commands and brought Feng Tian Yu into the bronze hall.

As for the hairy men that followed Feng Tian Yu, they were left outside to surround and protect the main hall, forming into the final line of defense.

Looking at Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu’s departing figures, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed with a cold light.

The fog began to rise and spread, covering the main hall quickly before covering all the dog beasts on the hill.

 …

The bronze hall was spacious and majestic, its walls echoed back Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu’s footsteps, making the silence and the emptiness of this place even more conspicuous.

At present, the bronze tiles on the main hall were already a scene of emptiness — most of the materials and Gu worms were already consumed in refining Gu with only a few relief sculptures remaining now.

Fang Yuan walked to the bronze cauldron with Feng Tian Yu and sat cross-legged.

“This is the final step, the true crucial moment!” He took a deep breath, his eyes as clear as water.

Feng Tian Yu’s breathing, however, was rough, showing his excitement. To a refinement path Gu Master, refining an Immortal Gu was something they looked forward to the most their whole life.

“Let’s start.” Fang Yuan took out the false second aperture Gu and directly threw it into the bronze cauldron.

The bronze cauldron burned without fire, the thin layer of immortal essence on its bottom started to rapidly decrease and combust!

It combusted and formed into a blue smoke that gracefully rose and covered the false second aperture Gu.

The false Gu floated above the bronze cauldron and was turned into dazzling yellow light by this blue smoke.

Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu concentrated all their attention into blending the blue smoke and the yellow light.

After an unknown period of time, the blue smoke turned into beads of grass that floated in the air and started growing. The yellow light turned into flowers that fluttered and fell into the grass.

“It is time!” Fang Yuan took out a dagger and cut his artery, bleeding out his own essence blood.

This step was extremely important; only with this step, could the refined second aperture Gu become Fang Yuan’s. Otherwise, it would be an ownerless object that would fly away once it was refined.

Large amounts of essence blood infused into smoke. The blue smoke and yellow light immediately let out sizzling sounds and turned into a red cloud like a wave of blood sea.

The blood surged and turned into a sphere that floated in the air without spreading.

The cloud was continuously evolving: Blood sea gradually calmed down and formed a field, a large expense of red paddy that was scarlet like blood grew from the field.

Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air at this and promptly used a Gu to heal his wounds.

Even so, he had lost a huge amounts of blood and his face had turned wan.

“Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete!”

He already knew the recipe inside out, but still recalled it once more now.

“Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn… next, it is lifespan Gu! Ba Gui!” Fang Yuan shouted.

The land spirit was already on standby and immediately took out two lifespan Gu at Fang Yuan’s call.

These lifespan Gu were one large and one small like ginseng or tree roots and gave a crude sense of touch.

The small was three hundred years lifespan Gu; it was like a blue snake that had formed into a round loop, it could increase a Gu Master’s lifespan by three hundred years with no side-effects. The large one was like a young dragon that wanted to fly to the sky, bearing its claws; it could raise the lifespan by five hundred years and similarly with no side-effects.

The worth of these two Gu was self-evident. Feng Tian Yu’s eyes blossomed with light and his whole body shook at the sight of these two Gu.

Fang Yuan first threw in the three hundred years lifespan Gu into the cloud.

The cloud swallowed the lifespan Gu and immediately started raging like boiling water.

Right now, the cloud seemed to have become a blue scaled long snake that attempted to slip out of Fang Yuan’s control!

Fang Yuan was caught unprepared and almost lost his grasp on this blue snake.

When he managed to react, most parts of the blue snake had already slipped out with only its tail remaining in his hands.

Fang Yuan tightly gritted his teeth and opened his eyes wide; they were completely red!

He poured in all his attention and all his strength to tightly grasp the cloud and not let it escape.

Once the cloud escaped, all his previous effort would turn into an illusion!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 391: Demonic Path Alliance Army 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Seconds passed like days, eventually, the cloud gradually settled down in the air.

Fang Yuan finally had the break he needed to curse the original owner of this blessed land. Such an important point was not mentioned at all in the recipe!

All because of him concentrating hard and reacting in time, together with the help of Feng Tian Yu, he was able to calm and stabilize the situation, slowly getting back his control, otherwise he would have failed.

As time passed, a mystical aura slowly spread.

The cloud completely digested the three-hundred-year lifespan Gu, calming down and turning back to the scene of ‘blood field red wheat’. But at this moment, the red wheat had turned blue-green, as if new crops were growing in spring, almost overcrowding. This was what the recipe described as “three hundred years as spring”.

“That mysterious Gu Immortal must’ve only developed the recipe but did not actually do it himself, otherwise, he would have mentioned it.” Fang Yuan caught a break and thought hard: “Next, I have to use the five-hundred-year lifespan Gu, but no need to rush.”

He wiped the sweat off his forehead, calling the land spirit: “Ba Gui, show me the image of the poisoned land.

Immediately, smoke images appeared in the air, showing a picture.

Long Qing Tian’s corpse laid on the ground, as his surrounding sky and land were dyed a deep green colour.

This was Long Qing Tian’s jade sky Gu poison.

This Gu originated from the immemorial era, it had a strong poison that Fang Yuan would not dare to touch.

At this moment, two Gu Masters appeared in the image, they had rank three cultivation.

“This place is weird, why is it so green?”

“Quickly, see, that corpse — It’s Long Qing Tian!”

They entered this place and found Long Qing Tian’s corpse by accident.

“Long Qing Tian is rank four peak stage, a famous demonic head, he was actually killed!”

“Quickly go see, his corpse might have something good!”

The two were happily running towards Long Qing Tian’s corpse, driven by greed, they did not realize their bodies were infected by this green light.

“Courting death.” Fang Yuan sneered, as expected, in less than ten steps, their poison reacted and the two of them turned into green light, dissipating.

“The jade sky Gu poison has gotten very deep, this region is almost finished, it has completely rotted, the loophole it forms will be even greater than the one Xiao Mang created.”

Time was precious, every second was important, but Fang Yuan did not move regardless of how anxious he felt.

After five minutes, with a boom, the blessed land shook and the hall vibrated.

The second loophole tunnel was created!

The land spirit sighed, this way, the blessed land’s speed of destruction doubled!

“Continue refining Gu!” Fang Yuan took out the five-hundred-year lifespan Gu and threw it into the cloud.

The cloud rumbled again, trying to break free of Fang Yuan’s control.

But Fang Yuan was mentally prepared, he was not caught unaware like last time, and restrained it completely.

But quickly, he felt that there was nothing he could do.

The cloud’s change this time, was not only giving off a slippery feeling, but also an arrogant brute force. Like a green snake that had evolved into a flood dragon, about to break free from Fang Yuan’s control.

Feng Tian Yu quickly came to help, the two worked hard to suppress the cloud’s transformation.

The cloud rumbled many times, about to break free at times, but was eventually suppressed.

Five minutes later, the cloud became clear again, showing a blood field with golden wheat ready for a bountiful harvest. It was the “five hundred years as autumn” scene.

Thankfully, he only refined this Gu after the poison broke out, if not, when the second loophole formed and the hall shook, this Gu refinement would have been interrupted and would not have succeeded.

Fang Yuan waited a while more, as the cloud slowly dispersed after maturing. From the water tank size, it shrunk into a new Gu, falling down.

Fang Yuan held it, it was like a peanut shell, golden and having markings on the surface, that is, scarlet blood traces.

The first false second aperture Gu could only survive for a week, it was unstable. As for this Gu, it could survive for forty years.

At this step, the real second aperture Gu had already formed, and was nurturing in the peanut shell.

But if it was allowed to develop on its own, not just a thousand years, but even if given then thousand years, it might not turn into the real product. Only by using a strong external force, to eliminate the false and make it real, turning from phantom to solid, can it attain a qualitative change, breaking free from mortality and become an immortal!

And this external force is none other than the rank six divine travel Gu!

“Next, we have to use an Immortal Gu to refine an Immortal Gu!” Fang Yuan took deep breaths, regulating his internal flow as he started the most important step of this entire refinement process.

At this time, in the outside world, sounds of killing was overwhelming the mountain…

“This dog is mine!”

“As long as you hand over your Gu worms, I will spare you your life.”

“Kill all these eggmen, these variant humans are actually occupying one spirit spring, what a waste of resources!”

…

All sorts of plundering and robbing were happening, as Gu Masters killed till their eyes turned red, casualties increased greatly.

“Strange! Why have we not seen Lord Tie Mu Bai after so long!”

“Where did our Wu clan Wu Shen Tong go?”

Tie clan and Wu clan Gu Masters felt something amiss.

“Search, quickly go search!”

“The heavenly power’s restriction is very small now, we can use most of our Gu worms. The situation is a mess now, there is killing everywhere, as blood flow into a river, we need to find our clan’s experts to suppress the situation.”

“Are there any places left unsearched?”

“The deepest part of this blessed land, there is a thick fog.”

Just as these people placed their sights on the bronze hall, Mo Wu Tian had walked to the edge of the fog alone.

“There is the aura of a Immortal Gu…”

His purple eyes was deep and mysterious, with arrogance and wildness hidden within. Using the purple eyes, the fog dissipated at times, as an endless number of dogs appeared in Mo Wu Tian’s vision.

He frowned.

There was strong defenses, just him alone cannot penetrate this defensive line. He needed external help.

His brows eased as Mo Wu Tian turned around.

He moved like lightning, tearing through the sky, moving a hundred miles as he landed before Hu Mei Er.

Hu Mei Er was first scared till she turned pale, after recognising Mo Wu Tian, she smiled: “Young master Wu Tian, you came too! This three kings inheritance has little meat but many wolves , you might get disappointed. Eh! You have advanced to rank five!”

Hu Mei Er looked at this man, unable to hide her shock.

She gulped, trying to alleviate this shock as she forced out a smile: “That’s great, you have rank five strength, you have the ability to gain great rewards from this situation. These green eggmen have huge numbers, they have built structures and castles, I cannot break through. There is a green egg empress inside, as long as we capture her, we will be able to have endless fortune.”

“Hehehe.” Mo Wu Tian looked at the castle, laughing lightly: “Back then, King Bao, Wang Ba Dan, had eight egg empresses, and produced numerous eggmen. King Xin, Wang Xiao Ya’s inheritance has divulge information Gu and undefeated hundred battles Gu. King Quan, Wang Er Gou, had two dog emperors, Ying Ming and Ba Huang. This is the essence of the three kings inheritance, but none of them interests me.”

Hu Mei Er’s smile froze: “To think that young master Wu Tian knows the three kings inheritance so clearly. Since you have no interests in it, why don’t you let me have it.”

“As expected of a woman, you are too short-sighted!” Mo Wu Tian laughed loudly, staring at Hu Mei Er’s eyes: “Let me tell you, the land spirit of this blessed land is not dead, in the deepest area, a deceased Gu Immortal’s treasure awaits!”

“What?!” Hu Mei Er was stunned.

“But there is a thick fog there and over a hundred thousand dogs guard it. To go to the central control hall, it is not enough with just the two of us.” Mo Wu Tian laughed deeply.

Hu Mei Er was a smart woman, she immediately understood Mo Wu Tian’s intentions.

Her eyes shone as she laughed curtly: “Hehehe, isn’t it easy to recruit people?”

Hu Mei Er was a decisive person, she abandoned the green egg empress, recruiting demonic Gu Masters alone with Mo Wu Tian.

With her network, and Mo Wu Tian’s cultivation and reputation, a large group of demonic Gu Masters soon gathered.

Adding in the details of the Gu Immortal’s treasure, the demonic merchant Li Xian, Fiery Star Bao Tong, Rock Lizard Li Qiang and others all gathered.

Mo Wu Tian returned to the fog, no longer alone, but with a demonic army amounting to thousands of people.

“They are finally here…” Bai Ning Bing sitting on the hill stood up slowly.

The fog could obscure people’s vision, but because of the land spirit’s help, Bai Ning Bing had a clear vision, and could see the demonic alliance army.

Mo Wu Tian observed for a while before saying: “Li Qiang, bring three hundred people and attack head-on. After a few dozen steps, you will face the steel armor dogs. Fight as you retreat, move towards the left and engage with the chrysanthemum akita dogs. Defeat them and you will charge towards the south-east direction.

“Hu Mei Er, bring five hundred people, and go left. As you fighting your way through, you will encounter lightning symbol dogs, hedgedogs and corpse dogs, do not mind the losses, just charge towards the north.”

“Bao Tong, go on the right path, bring eight hundred people. Towards the southwest direction, make a din and shout as you charge, no dogs will obstruct you for five hundred steps. After you encounter the lightning symbol dogs, fighting and charge with all you’ve got, if you cannot break through in forty-five minutes, retreat back here!”

“Li Xian, bring four hundred people as back-up, prepare for mobilization anytime, If I give no commands, take care of the returning troops.”

“Then what about you Mo Wu Tian?” Li Xian’s eyes shone with deep meaning as he asked.

“I will obviously stand guard at the base, why, you have a problem?” Mo Wu Tian looked at Li Xian lightly with his expression purple eyes.

Li Xian felt a chill in his spine.

“When did this Mo Wu Tian become so scary? His cultivation surged and his killing intent is overflowing, it seems he received an amazing ancient inheritance, if not, how could he improve so much? I had thought that little beast king could fight with him, but now it seems that he is truly the demonic path’s number one genius, he is simply too fearsome.”

Li Xian’s heart turn cold as he obeyed the command.

With such an arrangement, four demonic experts brought their troops and charged towards the fog according to Mo Wu Tian’s orders.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 392: Demonic and Righteous attacking together 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“It’s coming.” Bai Ning Bing’s gaze shone as her expression was nervous, quickly mobilizing the dog group.

The still dog army started moving, like a giant millstone. As for these Gu Masters, they became the green bean and yellow beans, in a short amount of time, they were grinded to paste. More than half were dead, some saw the danger and retreated immediately.

The demonic army suffered a huge lost, investing over a thousand men, but only a few hundred returned.

“Young master Wu Tian, did you really see clearly?” Li Qiang questioned: “I charged in according to your instructions. We did encounter the steel armor dog on the first wave, and we retreated towards the left, but we met with the assault of both lightning symbol dogs and chrysanthemum akita dogs. The numbers were too great, we can’t deal with that. After a fruitless slaughter, we could only come back!”

Bao Tong’s temper was even more irascible: “I brought eight hundred people, but did not hear the shouting sounds from the northwest side. But towards the southeast side, I heard people fighting. I brought my troops there and met with the combined attack of the lightning symbol dogs, hedgedogs and corpse dogs.”

Hu Mei Er’s expression was also ugly: “Young master Wu Tian, I listen to you and prepared to attack. But eight hundred steps in, I did not see any dog groups. Just when I was confused, dog groups came encircling us, luckily we managed to turn around and fight our way back, if not my life would’ve been lost there.”

Li Xian was expressionless, standing at one side. His group was meant to protect the returning Gu Masters, and fight the approaching dog groups.

Although there were lots of retreating troops, not a single dog came over, causing him to waste his time waiting.

Mo Wu Tian’s expression was solemn, after a while, he spoke: “I can see the actual scenario much more clearly than all of you. There is someone manipulating these dogs, it is not a fixed formation but an ever-changing one. That is why all of you failed.”

Everyone was shocked: “There is someone controlling them? Who is it?”

Mo Wu Tian shook his head: “The fog is too dense, I can only see a faint figure, I can’t tell the identity of the other party. But there is definitely a mastermind, only a human’s intelligence can react so perfectly. But no matter, I have some understanding of the enslavement path, from now you, you have to attack like this, to break through their encirclement and obtain the Gu Immortal treasure!”

Everyone’s face had blood stains as they looked at each other, nodding reluctantly due to Mo Wu Tian’s rank five strength as well as the allure of the immortal treasure.

But this time, they still returned in defeat, suffering even greater losses than before.

“The person behind this has high attainment in enslavement path, I underestimated him.” Mo Wu Tian frowned, he had thought of a perfect plan, using all four routes to cooperate, but the other party reacted quickly and found out his intentions. Purposely controlling his troops to intercept the four routes before they converged, such movements were at the level of a master.

“Mo Wu Tian, you have to give an explanation! We fight with our lives and lost so many people, but we have not even seen the shadow of the treasure. Are you standing here for fun? You are a rank five Gu Master, you should put in some effort too!” Bao Tong was furious as he screamed while gripping his injury.

“Oh? You want an explanation? Hehe, then I’ll give you a satisfactory answer.” Mo Wu Tian laughed sinisterly, as his purple eyes shone.

“You!” Bao Tong was caught by surprise as he stared at Mo Wu Tian, unable to move.

A moment later, he fell on the ground.

Dead.

The Gu Masters went into a commotion.

Fiery Star Bao Tong, he was a famous rank four fire path Gu Master. Mo Wu Tian did not even attack, he killed him with a single stare!

“You want an explanation, I gave you an explanation, are you satisfied? If you are unhappy, you can tell me.” Mo Wu Tian looked at his corpse as he waited for an answer.

“You’re not speaking, it seems you are satisfied.” Mo Wu Tian laughed, looking around: “Hehehe, Bao Tong is satisfied, what about you guys? Do you want an explanation from me too?”

It was complete silence all around.

Mo Wu Tian killed people in the blink of an eye, Bao Tong was rank four upper stage but he could not even take one hit, dying immediately.

The demonic Gu Masters were scared and shocked, regretting their greed, why did they follow Mo Wu Tian?

Now that they were roped in, they want to leave? Hmph, too late!

Hu Mei Er and the others lowered their heads, not looking at Mo Wu Tian’s eyes. Mo Wu Tian’s killing technique caused fear in them.

They had thought that he had just advanted to rank five, and might not have true rank five prowess, but to think his fighting strength was on par with Wu Gui and the others!

How old was he?

Number one genius of the demonic path, without a doubt!

After establishing his dominance, Mo Wu Tian laughed sinisterly again: “Bao Tong’s Gu are still around, you guys can split up among yourselves, treat it as a compensation from me.”

As he said so, the Gu Masters’ eyes glowed.

Li Xian was the first to react, with a swoosh, he moved like a rabbit, pouncing on Bao Tong’s corpse and taking his Gu.

Almost at the same time, Hu Mei Er and Li Qiang reacted and started their plunder as well.

The others could only watch, not daring to contest.

The three split Bao Tong’s fortune among themselves, earning greatly as the grudge in them dissipated, turning into reverence for Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian could kill people with his gaze, that was not surprising, it was a sight-based killer move.

This type of killer move directly competed souls against each other, the loser would have their souls scattered, not even given the chance to self-detonate their Gu.

Mo Wu Tian was a soul path Gu Master, the strength of his soul was way above his peers, dealing with Bao Tong and the others was extremely easy.

” Cough, cough .” Li Xian coughed, saying: “Since there are beast groups guarding, that area has to be where the central control hall is, the Gu Immortal’s fortune is most likely there But how do we get in with all these dogs?”

He was wise like a ghost, as the person who obtained the most benefits out of Bao Tong’s body, he immediately expressed his support towards Mo Wu Tian.

Speaking of the Gu Immortal treasure, Hu Mei Er and Li Qiang’s attention were brought back to this.

Mo Wu Tian looked at this group of people, they were all injured and exhausted, together with some lingering fear, the morale was at an all-time low.

He sighed: “Truly a motley crew. It seems I can only recruit more people to have the hopes of breaking in. Spread the news, regardless of righteous or demonic… just say that Tie Mu Bai and the others have entered the hall and obtained King Quan Inheritance, those Gu Masters are blocking us outside the hall and are trying to hoard the treasure.”

“This…” Hu Mei Er hesitated.

Mo Wu Tian laughed coldly: “Time is running short, once the blessed land collapses, we will have nothing left. Without more people, can we break through?”

“Young master is right.” Hu Mei Er quickly replied.

“Finally stopped.” On the mountain slope, Bai Ning Bing breathed out a sigh of relief, but lightly frowned.

The methods Fang Yuan handed to her were already half used up. After a few more attacks, she would be at her wits’ end.

…

“Hahaha, my tactic at finding a chance in the chaos succeeded. After blowing up this wall, I will get King Bao, Wang Ba Dan’s inheritance!” Xiao Mang laughed loudly.

Right now, he was alone in a hidden cave.

Before him, there was a tall and sturdy stone door. As long as it is blown apart, King Bao’s final inheritance will be obtained.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Light shone as explosions went off.

A moment later, Xiao Mang stopped his attacks while panting, staring at the stone door hatefully.

The door was intact, there was no traces of any cracks.

“Light path focuses on speed and purification, the destructive power does not match fire path. King Bao evidently wants to find a fated person who can use fire type Gu to break through. But I do not have such Gu.” Xiao Mang gritted his teeth, feeling indignant.

At this moment, a Gu Master came to report.

“Go out, who let you in! King Bao Inheritance is mine alone. Eh? What did you say!”

Xiao Mang scolded but suddenly heard his subordinate’s report and grabbed his collar, lifting him up: “You say there is a Gu Immortal treasure hidden in the thick fog, and people are trying to take it down now?!”

“Yes, this information has circulated, countless Gu Masters are gathering, how would I dare to lie to you second young master?” The subordinate quickly replied.

“Hmph, don’t call me second young master! I hate that title!” Xiao Mang scolded, looking at this stone door reluctantly, as his gaze turned from hesitation to determination.

Wang Ba Dan was only a rank five Gu Master, although he was called King Bao, he was only the same rank as Xiao Mang. How could his inheritance compare to a Gu Immortal Treasure?

“Go, let’s go!” Xiao Mang led his subordinates and moved quickly.

…

“The number of people is increasing.” On the slope, Bai Ning Bing’s frown deepened as there were almost ten thousand people gathered outside the fog.

These people had differing cultivation levels, there were even rank one and twos. But there were still Gu Masters, gathered together, they formed a tidal wave that could sweep everything in its path.

Although she controlled a hundred thousand dogs, she was a sole person.

Outside, countless gazes looked inside with a burning desire. They were all attracted by the Immortal’s treasure.

As the people created a commotion, Mo Wu Tian smiled without speaking a word.

His motive was achieved, birds die for food and humans die for fortune , this was human heart!

“Over at the righteous path, they are organising people and charging into the fog.” Hu Mei Er looked far away, worried: “Young master Wu Tian, all the demonic Gu Masters are here already, are you going to stand up and direct them to form groups? We can’t let the righteous path steal the treasure.”

“No worries, no worries. There is such a thick fog, with steel armor dogs acting as steel walls, what can their vanguards do?” Mo Wu Tian laughed coldly, refusing to act.

Righteous path was superior to demonic path, they were more united,and more easy to unite, while demonic path members were loners. Although he Mo Wu Tian had rank five cultivation, he was still young and this was the first time he was leading, he could not subdue everyone. Old demonic experts like Kong Ri Tian and Li Fei Le would not listen to him easily.

Only when they realize that cooperating had benefits, could he use that chance to take over easily!

But now, in the hall, the Gu refinement had reached the crucial period.

After half a day, the golden peanut shell collided with divine travel Gu.

Bam bam bam!

Fang Yuan and Feng Wu Yu’s vision turned black as thunder roared in their ears.

“Divine opportunity is unlimited, travel through the lands! Activateeeeeeeeeee!”Fang Yuan screamed, using all his energy to activate divine travel Gu.

Divine travel Gu was an Immortal Gu, how could he, a mortal, activate it easily?

But thankfully, the land spirit helped him secretly, as the immortal essence poured out, the divine travel Gu turned into light speckles as it entered the golden peanut shell.

The qualitative change had begun!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 393: Group Attack 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Xiao Mang looked at the fog in front of him, his gaze deep and solemn.

He relied on his rank five cultivation to gain the commanding position of the righteous path. He organised many assaults, but returned in great failure, suffering a huge loss.

In the fog, countless dogs were hidden, causing every wave of Gu Masters that entered suffer great injuries.

“No matter how big the losses, it will not block my path! Immortal treasure, this is an immortal treasure…” Xiao Mang’s eyes shone with brilliance, shouting excitedly in his heart.

“Let’s go again, organise the next wave of people.” Xiao Mang instructed, but this time, little people joined in.

The painful lesson was right in front of them, despite the great benefits, these righteous Gu Masters started to hesitate, after all they only had one life.

“A bunch of cowards!” Xiao Mang saw them hesitate and scolded in his heart. Time was running short for him, other than this immortal treasure, he also had King Bao Inheritance to obtain.

“If we had an enslavement path Gu Master controlling beast groups, we could use them as cannon fodder, reducing our Gu Master casualties, and regain our morale!” Xiao Mang thought of this point.

In such a situation, the importance of an enslavement path Gu Master was evident.

“Where is Wu clan’s Wu Shen Tong? With his help, we would be able to break through the fog and reach the central hall!” Xiao Mang asked.

But the answer he got was disappointing.

Wu Shen Tong had gone missing, even Wu clansmen were trying to find him.

Xiao Mang looked at the demonic faction, and his heart shook: “Not only Wu Shen Tong, even the demonic path’s Wu Gui and Zhang San San are not around. Is the Gu Master controlling the dogs in the fog one of these three people?”

Xiao Mang continued guessing as he looked towards the grand hall. However, the fog obstructed his vision, causing him to feel even more irritated at the situation.

“This damn fog, it is so annoying! Too bad Wan Li Xiong Feng is not around, otherwise my clan’s divine wind will blow this fog away.” Wan clan’s Gu Master exclaimed.

“If my clan’s old clan leader is here, why would we fear these dogs?” Tie clan’s four old-timers snorted.

“Lord Xiao Mang, we are not making any progress, the demonic faction is looking at us like a joke. What do we do?” The righteous path’s famous healer Tao Zi came over and asked Xiao Mang.

“These demonic scoundrels!” Xiao Mang looked over at the demonic faction as the irritation in his heart intensified.

“It seems I have to make a move.” He snorted, as a brilliant light appeared in his eyes: “All of you, move back.”

Everyone heard this and retreated tens of steps away. At once, Xiao Mang’s surroundings were vacated, emphasizing his existence.

Xiao Mang stood on the spot, shutting his eyes as his mind entered his aperture, activating his purple crystal primeval essence. The ebb and flow of the primeval sea became greater.

After storing energy for a moment, Xiao Mang’s eyes opened, as his primeval sea has turned into a furious tsunami, large amounts of primeval essence entered three Gu worms.

Extreme light Gu!

My will Gu!

Bright spear Gu!

Killer move — My Glorious Spear!!

Xiao Mang’s body shone with a piercing white light, the intensity of the light was dense, expanding like a mound.

Xiao Mang’s body was bathed in light, he had an impressive appearance, like a descending holy spirit.

He raised a finger towards the fog.

Immediately, the light around him were manipulated, and shot out ferociously.

All of the white sunlight shot out at the same time, forming a 1.8m long and 0.6m thick spear of light.

Sixty percent of the purple crystal essence in his aperture were used up in this one attack.

The spear of light was powerful, penetrating the fog and landed on the mound at breakneck speed.

Bam!

A fierce explosion occurred.

The intense light caused everyone’s eyes to be shut tightly, as they took a step back subconsciously.

Even Mo Wu Tian’s eyes were squinting into a thin line.

The explosion caused the ground to rumble, as after the light, air current started to spread outwards.

The air currents turned into a strong wind, blowing in all directions causing many people to lose their footing.

Guh! Guh!

In the hall, Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu who were refining Gu were interrupted and both vomited a mouthful of blood.

Bai Ning Bing’s face was pale, her ears buzzing from the aftermath of the attack.

“This is the strength of a rank five Gu master? Luckily, such a killer move did not hit me directly. If it landed here, my defensive Gu would not even last for a second!”

Bai Ning Bing unavoidably felt great shock.

The killer move of a rank five Gu Master, it was not something the current her could block.

As the whiteness faded from her eyes, she could see that at the location where the light spear landed, thousands of dogs were vaporised. The mound had turned into a crater.

Bai Ning Bing drew in a breath of cold air, with such might, just a few more hits and the dog formation would be ruined.

Her confidence dropped again, but Fang Yuan had instructed her beforehand what she should do in the event she was hit with such a great move.

As Bai Ning Bing manipulated, large numbers of dogs hurried to the crater, as her defenses were raised once again.

” Gasp… so many dogs!” Xiao Mang’s heart was heavy, and the righteous and demonic Gu Masters gasped sharply too.

When there was a fog earlier, they could not see clearly, but now that the fog was gone, everyone’s vision was clear.

Over ninety thousand dogs, densely packed on the mound, forming an iron bucket defense.

“Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog, hedgedog, steel armor dog, Yin dog…” Some people counted, each dog group had over five thousand and more.

“So many dog kings!” Someone shouted.

No matter how many dogs there were, they could not hide the dog kings due to their disposition. Other than the chrysanthemum akita dogs who were unique, these dog kings were all seated, like a flame in the darkness, extremely eye-catching.

“These dogs and dog kings are not that much of a threat. But there are so many heavy tai, green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng, these five great mountain dogs!” Some Gu Masters with good vision turned pale.

The outer defense was made up of lighting symbol dogs, chrysanthemum akita dogs, and other ordinary dogs, the inner circle of defense was made up of the five great mountain dogs.

As for the entrance of the hall, the final line of defense, there were several hundred hairy men.

The entire formation was tight and secure, yet not rigid, they all had mobility and flexibility.

“What an iron formation!” Mo Wu Tian’s purple eyes shone with light as he felt the situation getting more troublesome.

Even more people directed their gaze to the bronze hall.

The grand yet modest hall had inscriptions and intrinsic designs, giving off an ancient atmosphere.

“That is the bronze hall that contains the immortal treasure?”

“As long as we get past the dogs, we will reach the grand hall!”

“Immortal treasure… immortal treasure… I wonder what mindblowing riches awaits us?”

Everyone’s gaze were heated, the goal was in front of them, it made their greed overflow.

“Hehehe, it is time.” Mo Wu Tian looked around, sensing the change in the atmosphere.

Greed was like fire burning in everyone’s hearts. But the great dog army deterred them, everyone knew that with their own strength, they would never succeed.

This was the basis for cooperation!

“Lord Xiao Mang, let’s talk about cooperation.” Mo Wu Tian’s body was like a black smoke phantom, taking several steps and arriving before Xiao Mang.

Xiao Mang snorted, when he saw the overwhelming dog army, he thought of cooperation.

But he was afraid of getting rejected by Mo Wu Tian and also worried about his own reputation if he approached the demonic faction for cooperation as a righteous rank five cultivator.

Right now, Mo Wu Tian approached him personally, it was music to his ears.

“Hmph.” Xiao Mang snorted, his attitude was neither cold nor hot, as he made eye contact with Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian immediately understood Xiao Mang’s intentions. He was extremely disdainful towards such hypocrisy, but he said: “Then in fifteen minutes, we will attack from the front and back together.

“Mm.” Xiao Mang nodded, turning around, no longer looking at him.

Mo Wu Tian sneered, walking back and telling his people: “I just approached Xiao Mang and agitated him, to have a competition with him. Next, we will split into two, attacking together from two sides. We will compete to see who gets to the bronze hall first, whether the righteous faction or us demonic faction wins!”

Xiao Mang announced at the other side: “Demonic scoundrels are greedy and unscrupulous, finding me to cooperate, obviously I rejected them. How can I work with these scum? Fifteen minutes later, they will attack, we will take the chance and attack as they endure some of the pressure for us. Hahaha…”

“Young master Wu Tian rules!””Defeat these righteous hypocrites!” Demonic Gu Masters were riled up as they shouted.

“Lord Xiao Mang is wise!””Let those demonic scoundrels attract the enemy for us!” The righteous Gu Masters were spirited.

“Kill!” Fifteen minutes later, the attack began.

Righteous and demonic were far away, attacking from two directions.

Bai Ning Bing was hidden at some place, relying on her shared vision with the land spirit, using its divine consciousness to scan the battlefield.

Tens of thousand of dogs barked and bared their paws as they charged ahead.

At once, blood flowed and broken limbs flew. All sorts of Gu worms competed, like the dance of fire and ice, lightning exploded and soil was overturned, green vines grew endlessly.

“Kill!” Yi Chong charged ahead, brave and fearless. His body was covered in blue fish scales, the wind blew his fiery red hair into the air.

All around him, there was a light blue spiral wave, together with the black fins that grew on his back, he seemed to have become a fearsome shark in the sea. None of the dogs could block him.

“Immortal treasure… if I can get it and succeed in my mission, I would definitely be able to change my surname to Shang when I return to the clan.” Yi Huo’s gaze was determined as he turned into the god of fire, attacking even more fiercely than Yi Chong, everywhere he went, there was blazing flames and crying dogs.

Kong Ri Tian laughed heartily, turning into a rain of petals.

Li Xian laughed coldly, while people were not noticing, he used his rank five Gu and concealed his body, secretly moving ahead.

“Let’s work together, with me healing there is no worry.” Tao Zi shouted as many Gu Masters gathered over.

People were moving and in this great battle, Yan Jun moved slowly and steadily, like a casual traveller.

A strong and brave dog king pounced at him, Yan Hun’s expression was unchanging as he turned into a hollow shadow. The dog king jumped over and went straight through the shadow.

The shadow flickered, turning back into Yan Jun’s flesh body.

The dog king behind him had engaged the Gu Masters behind already.

The Gu Masters displayed all their abilities, battling with the dog group. The scene was as chaotic as it could be, and Bai Ning Bing could barely cope facing such a huge number of opponents, starting to fluster.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 394: Success at long last! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Kill!!!”

“Charge!”

“Damn, why are there so many dogs!!”

Murderous yells, shouts, miserable howls, swearing and dog howls combined to form into a huge clamor that seemed to shake the world.

The battle had not even begun for five minutes; blood had formed into a river and there were corpses everywhere.

Bai Ning Bing hid at some secret place and used all her strength to mobile the dog groups. With the help of the land spirit, she was able to gradually stabilize the situation.

Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog and other common dog beasts suffered the most casualties. Gu Masters had charged halfway through the dog beasts and ran into the formation of the five great mountain dogs, having great casualties.

Heavy tai, green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng; these five great dogs were very powerful and their circular formation was very reliable. They were like a huge dam that blocked these Gu Masters that were charging like a tide.

At this stage, both righteous and demonic factions suffered heavy casualties.

“Big brother, hold on!” Meng Tu grabbed Jiao Huang’s arm; Jiao Huang had suffered heavy injuries from where blood flowed out without stopping.

Jiao Huang borrowed Meng Tu’s strength to barely move along with the majority.

Right now, they could not retreat. They could not even stop to rest, if they left the troops, the dog beasts would submerge their tiny bodies.

“Brother, we have made a huge loss this time. We accepted Shang clan’s assignment to get Fang Zheng’s head. To think we would encounter an immortal treasure, sigh, we gave in to our desire for material benefits and thus fell into such desperate straits.” Jiao Huang heaved a sigh.

These two were rank three peak stage Gu Masters, famous assassin group of demonic path. They had even succeeded in assassinating rank four Gu Master Xiao Fu Lu.

They thought of joining Shang clan and thus were prepared to secretly handle Fang Yuan. But the whole way, they did not find any good opportunity.

After charging into the blessed land, they encountered an immortal treasure, and followed with the majority; the result, they sent themselves into danger.

In this chaotic battle, only rank five experts could move unhindered. Rank four peak stage could fight valiantly. Rank four upper stage had to move with the crowd.

Those rank one and two Gu Masters made up the most of the casualties. Rank three Gu Masters also had to rely on luck to survive.

But even so, Gu Masters still charged forward endlessly. The illusionary immortal treasure ignited their most crazed fanatical desires.

They were charging recklessly, all delusional about obtaining the immortal treasure and attaining success in life, becoming an expert.

Only for a certain group of people, at the time of their deaths, they calmed down and regretted endlessly.

Unfortunately, it was too late.

“These people have gone mad, forgetting their own life or death at the enticement of the immortal treasure.” Tie Ruo Nan slowed down her footsteps, she was shocked by the state of the battlefield!

Tie clan’s four old-timers were surrounding her in a protective formation.

“The way I see it, this probably has to do with that Mo Wu Tian.” The head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers suddenly said in a soft voice.

“You are saying…” Tie Ruo Nan’s gaze flashed.

Far away, Mo Wu Tian was moving forward in the lead, laughing crazily with his purple deep eyes flashing with dazzling light.

He was a soul path Gu Master and had secretly used his Gu to make everyone more fanatical.

“Demonic path members should all be put to death!” Tie Ruo Nan snorted, the killing intent in her heart surging up.

“Young master, Mo Wu Tian is a rank five expert, he is not someone we will be able to fight easily. We need to deal with urgent matters first, our objective is not him.” One of the Tie clan’s four old-timers persuaded.

Tie Ruo Nan pursed her lips and heavily nodded her head, her gaze firm as iron: “Right, the most important matter right now is still little beast king Fang Zheng!”

“Hahaha, I hadn’t thought the enslavement path Gu Master in the dark would only amount to this.” Mo Wu Tian laughed wildly, the fierce wind blowing in the battlefield blew his black hair and his demonic flames danced rampantly.

The united charge of righteous and demonic Gu Masters was going on much better than he expected.

Bai Ning Bing was after all a newbie, earlier, she had Fang Yuan’s formations and instructions to follow. But the current situation had become more complex with a lot more new changes, it was a lot more than she could take and this in turn were flaws that were clear to Gu Masters at the level of Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian’s eyes flashed repeatedly with eerie light, at the same time as charging forward, he was doing multiple tasks. He constantly controlled his Gu to attack the dog beasts and also to influence people’s minds and create a fanatical atmosphere; at the same time, he was also using his Gu to scout the battlefield.

Enslavement path Gu Masters always had powerful offense and could battle many opponents with just the strength of one person.

But everything in this world was balanced. Enslavement path had a clear disadvantage, besides the huge consumption of resources they needed, their individual strength was weak and were easy to kill.

Mo Wu Tian was searching for Bai Ning Bing’s position, as long as he killed Bai Ning Bing, the dog beast formation would fall apart and a large majority of them would even scatter without a fight.

“Found you!” Mo Wu Tian’s gaze suddenly concentrated as he discovered the hiding place of Bai Ning Bing.

“Hehehe, give me your life.” He laughed and flung his sleeve, his figure turning into a ball of purple demonic fog.

The demonic fog moved through the battlefield at an astonishing speed and in just a few breaths’ time was only a thousand steps away from Bai Ning Bing.

“Not good!” Bai Ning Bing discovered the charging fog and her heart sank.

Mo Wu Tian was a rank five Gu Master while Bai Ning Bing was only at rank four, by just this she would be hard pressed to fight him, let alone now when she was doing multiple tasks and controlling the dog beasts.

“Fortunately, I also have my trump cards!” Bai Ning Bing was startled but not panicked as she willed, “Go bite him, Ba Huang.”

A hill sized enormous dog emperor heard the command and with one leap, flew over a hundred feet and smashed into Mo Wu Tian.

Woof!

Ba Huang barked loudly, its bark was like a bolt from the blue, suppressing the whole battlefield and turning it silent. Following the bark, the dog beasts flared up with high morale; the casualties among the Gu Masters became more intense.

Dog emperor!

Its physique was majestic with its whole body covered with yellow sleek fur. It had a head like that of a lion with thick mane around its neck that was dazzling like a sun.

This was an emperor among the beasts and was not something that could be looked down upon. Once it used the wild Gu on it, it could contend against rank five Gu Masters!

“Damn it.” Mo Wu Tian cursed when he was stopped by Ba Huang.

Bai Ning Bing let out a breath of relief, but right at this time, a dazzling silver light shot through the battlefield and appeared in front of her instantly.

“Hehehe. Demonic path junior, take a good look at me.” The silver light turned into a human figure, rank five righteous path expert Xiao Mang!

“Ying Ming!” Bai Ning Bing withstood the pressure and commanded in her mind, sending out the second dog emperor.

This second dog emperor was the size of a normal dog beast. There were gorgeous patterns on its snowy white skin like pink cherry blossoms.

Withstanding Xiao Mang’s intense pressure, the wild Gu on the dog emperor activated and created clouds below Ying Ming’s feet, allowing it to fly.

“Just a mere wild dog… eh, it is actually a dog emperor!” Xiao Mang scoffed but after few exchanges of lightning fast attacks and defending, he withdrew his contempt and fought cautiously.

Bai Ning Bing’s expression was gloomy.

Although the two rank five experts were blocked, this situation was only temporary.

Humans were the spirit of all living beings; human’s wisdom was superior to beasts. Sooner or later, Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang would understand the dog emperors’ trump cards and then could make their moves with ease, even bypassing them to directly kill Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing looked around the battlefield, the other Gu Masters were still in the middle of the battlefield fighting and charging forward; they were temporarily of no threat.

Bai Ning Bing let out a breath of relief and turned her gaze towards the bronze hall.

“There is not much time…” Her blue eyes narrowed, letting out a clear and cold radiance.

Inside the bronze hall, Fang Yuan took large mouthfuls of air, gasping heavily. Meanwhile, Feng Tian Yu was already lying on the ground, unconscious.

Blood flowed out of Fang Yuan’s seven orifices, but he did not care; a pair of bright eyes stared at front.

A Gu was letting out brilliant light as it floated it in the air.

It did not have a concrete shape; occasionally, it was like a colorful cloud and occasionally it was like a whirlpool of light.

“Success!” Fang Yuan was filled with joy, he had already succeeded in refining divine travel Gu.

Now only one step remained and he could obtain second aperture Gu!

“You succeeded, you really succeeded!” The land spirit appeared beside Fang Yuan. It was extremely weak but its eyes glowed with light, full of happiness at the success.

“You are worthy of being a future Gu Immortal, you could really refine divine travel Gu, amazing! It was indeed a correct choice to entrust this task to you. Now, the most difficult step has passed; it is smooth sailing ahead! Next, you need to use third watch Gu and it will be a success without the least bit of difficulty.”

The land spirit heaved a long sigh, its sigh full of emotions.

“Thousands of years of effort has finally succeeded today. The recipe indeed works, I am truly happy. But such a pity… that I can’t see the second aperture Gu in the end…”

After it finished speaking, the land spirit Ba Gui’s body gradually turned fainter and fainter till it completely disappeared.

It was dead.

The immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was almost finished with only a thin trace remaining.

The blessed land had already collapsed for the most part and was at the brink of extinction.

The aged Ba Gui had been helping Fang Yuan in refining Gu and also helping Bai Ning Bing to guard; it finally could not endure such pressure and completely withered away.

But compared to previous life where it had died a death of desperation under many Gu Masters’ attacks, it was much more blessed during this life and could even be said to have had a proper death.

Ba Gui’s death meant the immortal essence could not be used anymore.

However, Fang Yuan was not nervous.

For the next final step, the immortal essence could be replaced with large amounts of primeval stones.

Even if Ba Gui was alive, that trace of immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was required to support the operation of the blessed land and simply could not be used to refine Gu.

“The difficulty of this Immortal Gu refinement exceeds Spring Autumn Cicada. Just now, that huge shock to the main hall almost caused all the efforts to be a waste, and in case the Gu refinement had failed, with just my mortal body, I will definitely die from the backlash without even having time to activate Spring Autumn Cicada.”

“Moreover, this most crucial step had an extreme demand on mind and a mortal simply cannot endure it. Fortunately, I chose to enslave Feng Tian Yu just to be safe, otherwise this step could never have been completed.”

In his previous life, Fang Yuan was already a Gu Immortal when he refined Spring Autumn Cicada. Now this time, he was refining Immortal Gu with the qualifications of a mortal and he should not have had any chance of success.

However, first, the mysterious Gu Immortal had racked his brain and used up all his life to research and perfect this recipe.

Second, the recipe used the Immortal Gu divine travel which greatly reduced the absurd difficulty.

And finally, it was not done by Fang Yuan alone, he had the help of land spirit and also refinement path grandmaster Feng Tian Yu.

All these helped Fang Yuan to complete the most difficult and dangerous step.

“Next I have to use third watch Gu, this is much more simple. Right, I wonder how the situation outside is.” Fang Yuan calmed his mind and then started hearing the shouts and commotion outside the main hall.

“Fang Yuan, be careful. Someone broke through the dog formation, a rank four Gu Master is coming towards you!” Right at this time, Bai Ning Bing’s warning arrived.

“Hmm.” Fang Yuan’s expression was heavy as he slowly stood up.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 395: Bai Ning Bing? 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Currently, the land spirit was dead and Fang Yuan was unable to see the scene outside the hall. However, with his previous life memories, he could guess one or two things without looking at the situation.

“There are only two rank five experts in the blessed land; Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian, they will be held back by the two dog emperors for some time. There are a lot of rank four Gu Masters, but at this time, there is only one who can charge to this place. That is the young clan leader of Yan clan, Yan Jun. He obtained the ancient phantom path inheritance and is specialized in hiding and attacking. It should not be a problem for him to charge through the dog beast formation.”

Fang Yuan pondered, it was the truth as well.

Phantom path had once flourished in the ancient times; its concept was to be footloose and carefree, invincibility through dodging. As long as one could evade every attack, that was a form of ‘invincibility’.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, phantom path Yan Jun had shown great brilliance at the battle of Yi Tian mountain, challenging the demonic path Gu Masters and causing them to suffer severe losses. That was until Mo Wu Tian showed up and beat him into retreating.

“This blessed land doesn’t have strong defense! The central area is so important but there is only a bronze hall built there, although it can be used to store things, its defense is really thin; the whole thing is impressive looking but useless! If it was like the Hu Immortal blessed land with Dang Hun mountain as defense, it would simply be like a heavenly moat and even Gu Immortals would have a headache facing it. Even my own blessed land that had the structure of a blood sea was much better than this hall.” Fang Yuan inwardly felt resentment. He walked over to Feng Tian Yu and kicked him awake.

“Get up!” Fang Yuan said in a cold voice.

Feng Tian Yu had worked hard and made great contributions, if it were not for him bearing most of the pressure, Fang Yuan might not have succeeded in refining to this stage.

“Ugh, mas… master…” He woke up with bloodshot eyes, his hair was scraggy like weed and his face was pale-white; his body was swaying as he greeted Fang Yuan.

“Go out of the main hall and block the rank four phantom path Gu Master. Even if you have to sacrifice your life.” Fang Yuan ruthlessly commanded.

“Yes, subordinate will do his best!” Feng Tian Yu bit his lips and walked out.

His primeval essence was almost completely consumed and he did not have enough fighting strength left. Moreover, as a refinement path grandmaster, he was not specialized in intense battle. It was almost guaranteed that he would not return alive from this mission.

However, the current Fang Yuan still needed to continue with the final step, he did not have any other force remaining, thus he could only send Feng Tian Yu.

“Second aperture Gu is the top priority. Sacrificing a refinement path grandmaster for it is nothing much.” Fang Yuan sat down in a cross-legged position and looked at the continuously changing gorgeous light in the air.

At this step, second aperture Gu was already mostly completely and was interchanging between real and surreal, form and formless. It was unable to be moved and also could only exist for six hours.

After six hours, if the refinement has still not been carried out, the light would disappear and all the previous effort would be wasted.

“There is no turning back now, as long as I finish this final step, I will obtain second aperture Gu! It is just that…”

Fang Yuan subconsciously stroked his abdomen with a grave expression.

In the blessed land, time flew three times faster than the outside world; Spring Autumn Cicada was recovering extremely fast and bringing great pressure to the aperture.

Even though Fang Yuan’s aperture was rank four upper stage, it could not endure this pressure and there were indications of tiny cracks on the aperture surface.

Next, he would have to still use two third watch Gu, and with the effects overlaid, the time flow would be nine times faster.

At that time, could his aperture endure the pressure?

Fang Yuan was not someone who would recklessly take risks and had already meticulously planned before beginning the Gu refinement.

He had a huge chance of winning this gamble. As long as he got the second aperture and promptly left the blessed land, he would be able to have few months of respite.

He naturally had some backup plans at that time.

“Third watch Gu, go.” He calmed down his mind and gathered his concentration to begin the final step.

Under the effect of third watch Gu, that light ball immediately started changing rapidly, the light rays were dazzling and gave off a mysterious aura that was hard to describe in words.

“Divine travel Gu broadens the space and third watch Gu condenses the time. This is the using the laws of both space and time, this truly is the way of Gu passed down from the immemorial era…”

Genuine knowledge comes from practice and Fang Yuan gained some comprehension from this.

Time flew, the first third watch Gu’s effect was nearing its end. The light ball faintly solidified, giving off the shape of the final product.

The shouts from outside the main hall became louder, but whether it were Mo Wu Tian, Xiao Mang, or Yan Jun and so on, no one had yet to charge inside.

“Good, next it is the second third watch Gu…” Looking at the refinement finally about to succeed, even Fang Yuan started feeling excited.

However, right at this time!

Bai Ning Bing’s voice came: “Fang Yuan, be careful. Tie Ruo Nan has broken the defense line and is coming towards you!”

Fang Yuan’s expression changed.

At this moment, his whole attention was concentrated on the refinement and he could not pull out from it, how could he face the enemy? With Feng Tian Yu already being sent out, he did not have any defensive force.

What to do?

“Bai Ning Bing, what the hell are you doing! Are you still not going to come to guard me? I can’t move now, if I die, you will also die under the powers of poison vow Gu!” Fang Yuan transmitted his furious voice.

He was extremely helpless and could only call Bai Ning Bing over.

Without Bai Ning Bing to take control, the dog groups outside would definitely be a group of leaderless army and there would be huge chaos. And soon, the group of heroes could kill their way through.

However, Fang Yuan could not care about it!

Right now, he was like a fish on the chopping board, anyone could slaughter him with him not having even a bit of retaliation power. If someone did not protect him, he would be easily killed by Tie Ruo Nan.

Fortunately, the Gu refinement was already at its final stage and now only the second third watch Gu had to be used.

Fang Yuan only hoped for more time.

As long as he made every second count and finished the refinement, with the many rank four and rank five movement Gu on him, he could break out of the siege and escape alive.

As for Bai Ning Bing?

Hehe, she is suitable to block the incoming enemies, her use would be maximised. As for what her ending would be, it was not something Fang Yuan could consider at the moment.

Bam!

The hall’s great door was pushed open violently.

Tie Ruo Nan walked inside and saw the scene in the hall; she was first dazed before immediately reacting with both shock and happiness: “Little beast king, today is the day I shall take your head!”

She went in for the kill before she even finished speaking. With a wave of her hand, countless golden needles flew out.

“Bai Ning Bing!” The concentrated aura of death came pouncing on him and Fang Yuan could not help shouting again.

Whoosh!

Cold wind blew and ice started spreading, forming into an ice wall that blocked all the golden needles.

Next moment, Bai Ning Bing also appeared at the entrance of the main hall.

However, her state was clearly not good, she was covered in blood and injuries filled her body. The most severe injury was on her back, a cut that spread from her shoulder to her sacrum, it was so deep that even her bones could be seen.

There were bits of green leaves sticking on her clothes, her silver hair was scorched, and her whole left arm was purple, she was clearly poisoned.

“Quick, block her!” Fang Yuan shouted, “I only need a little time.”

“You still have the leisure to say such nonsense, just make the most of this time to refine the Gu!” Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth and cursed before starting to fight Tie Ruo Nan.

Tie Ruo Nan laughed coldly, her golden needles flew like lightning with extremely terrifying offensive power.

Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth, she had suffered heavy injuries and did not even have ten percent of her original strength; she soon fell into disadvantage.

Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing’s injuries intensified; her ankle sprained and her body wavered, Tie Ruo Nan keenly grabbed this chance to move in for a fierce attack.

Bai Ning Bing was again inflicted with heavy injuries and fell down to the ground.

“I shall kill you first!” An imprint that was on Tie Ruo Nan’s forehead flashed and turned into solid, forming a golden flying dagger that shot out fiercely.

Whoosh!

The golden flying dagger cut through the air towards Bai Ning Bing’s neck, but it missed by just a hairline gap and pierced into the bronze tile.

Bai Ning Bing rolled quickly and evaded the fatal attack, shouting: “How long do you still need?”

Fang Yuan’s heart was thumping loudly as he gritted his teeth and shouted: “Just a little bit, hold on even if you die!!”

“If I die, you won’t be able to live either…” Bai Ning Bing cursed but was interrupted by Tie Ruo Nan’s attack.

Tie Ruo Nan’s offense came in wave after wave, Bai Ning Bing was sent into retreat bit by bit and could only make dodging his priority, struggling in between the thin line of life and death.

Several more moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: “I can’t continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!”

“Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?” Fang Yuan was startled.

“What do you think!” Bai Ning Bing cursed.

Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, Bai Ning Bing changing back into northern dark soul ice physique was a definite thing. But he had not expected it to be this quick!

According to his calculation, despite the time flowing three times faster in the blessed land, it should have only have been after several more months.

Fang Yuan was in a critical juncture of the refinement process and was unable to distract his mind to consider too much.

The self-destruction of a ten extreme physique possessed extreme might and even rank five Gu Masters would have to take evasive actions.

Once Bai Ning Bing self-destructed, there would be an extreme change in the whole battle situation.

“Try to hold on, unless you can’t control it anymore, don’t…” Fang Yuan shouted. He was refining the Gu with his back facing the entrance and could not see the concrete situation of the fight between Tie Ruo Nan and Bai Ning Bing.

The response he received, however, was Bai Ning Bing’s deep sigh —

“It’s too late.”

The next moment, Fang Yuan felt the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decreased rapidly.

Crack…

There were continuous sounds of ice forming.

“What Gu is this?” Tie Ruo Nan’s cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan’s ears.

Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.

The cold wind blustered and glaciers rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.

Tie Ruo Nan had a fierce expression as she quickly retreated towards outside.

However, the door of the main hall was already condensed into ice, she was like a turtle trapped in a jar and was surrounded by the icy layers.

“Is this the legendary northern dark ice soul physique?” Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.

The ice, however, did not stop spreading and was spreading towards Fang Yuan.

“Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.

Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.

“Damn it!” Fang Yuan’s brain was hurting from the anxiety, the ice had already reached his body, he could only use Yang Gu.

Yang Gu flew out and landed on Bai Ning Bing’s body, immediately Yang aura and the icy coldness formed into a whirlpool of primeval essence; the scene back at Qing Mao mountain many years ago appeared once again!

Ice stopped spreading but this distraction almost caused the Gu refinement to fail.

Fang Yuan’s heart thumped loudly in shock and he immediately concentrated all his attention without being concerned about the situation behind him.

Under his efforts and control, the light clouds finally condensed into second aperture Gu!

“Immortal Gu! I finally succeeded!!” Right now, Fang Yuan’s heart was exploding with joy.

All his efforts and all the risks he took had created a very satisfactory outcome!

Pew!

Right at this time, a sharp ice blade pierced through Fang Yuan’s heart, piercing from behind him and coming out of his chest.

Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to needle-size and he looked behind with difficulty —

“Bai Ning Bing? You!”

“Fang Yuan, to think there would be a day where you fall into a trap!” Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked over, her gaze filled with hatred.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 396: Bai Ning Bing! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The bronze hall was deathly silent.

Time seemed to have frozen as the atmosphere became very heavy.

Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground with the rank six second aperture Gu floating in front of him.

Immortal Gu refinement had succeeded, but Fang Yuan’s attention was not at this immortal Gu.

He turned his head with difficulty and gazed at Bai Ning Bing, his eyes revealing his deep doubts.

Bai Ning Bing who had already recovered his male body was holding an ice blade and was expressionlessly standing behind him.

Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked over and fixed her gaze at Fang Yuan, her expression showing both grief and joy: “Fang Yuan, you had never in your wildest imagination, expect this day to occur right?”

Fang Yuan seemed like he did not hear anything and kept on looking at Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan. With the recovery of his male body, his height had increased, he was wearing a snow white robe, his silver hair was floating in the air and his eyes shone with deep coldness.

He was like a glacier, extremely cold.

“You didn’t expect it, right? That you would finally be defeated by me.” Bai Ning Bing indifferently smiled while looking at Fang Yuan, “Since my resurrection back on Qing Mao mountain, I had been pondering on how to recover my male body.”

“In the days spent with you, I was firmly controlled by you as a chess piece that could be moved at your will. You are not the strongest enemy in my life, but I have to admit that you are absolutely the most terrifying one.”

“Fang Yuan, you are someone with innate talent for scheming, and with your vicious methods, you are a very formidable person. But I, Bai Ning Bing, am also not an ordinary character, how could I become someone’s subordinate? Hmph! The more you controlled me and the more you exploited me, the more I thought of ways to escape, to make a comeback and counterattack!”

“But the Yang Gu was with you and you could cause it to self-destruct with just a thought. Thus, I did not act recklessly but racked my brains to think of countermeasures until one day, I got a superb inspiration and thought of a way.”

“Actually, the scene of you voluntarily hand over the Gu had already happened once on Qing Mao mountain. Hehe, right, that is to repeat the scene back on Qing Mao mountain. The time of my self-destruction will be the time you use the Yang Gu.”

“With this as the start, I began to plot secretly.” The corner of Bai Ning Bing’s lips slowly spread into a smile, “I would self-destruct, but it would naturally not be actual self-destruction since there was a chance you might not use Yang Gu. So, I chose…”

“Ice crystal Gu.” Fang Yuan’s expression was dim as water.

Back at Shang clan city, Bai Ning Bing chose ice path. Among the ice path, there were three transformation type Gu; frost demon Gu, snow fairy Gu and ice crystal Gu. Wei Yang had strongly recommended Bai Ning Bing to choose snow fairy Gu.

Snow fairy Gu was suitable for female Gu Masters while ice crystal Gu was suitable for males.

Bai Ning Bing, however, chose ice crystal Gu as a female which had caused Wei Yang to feel great regret.

“Hehe, you finally get it.” Bai Ning Bing laughed, “That’s right, I originally chose ice crystal Gu not because I was peeved but because snow fairy Gu changed the body to a snow fairy with clear appearance that could not be hidden. However, if I turn into ice crystal and use ice explosion Gu with it, it could form a majestic scene that is extremely similar to the self-destruction of northern dark ice soul physique. You have seen it just now, didn’t it deceive you?”

“Hmph, if I was not concentrating on refining Gu, I would definitely discover the peculiarity, how could you have succeeded so easily then?” Fang Yuan scoffed.

Bai Ning Bing, however, nodded her head with a serious expression: “Right. You are very meticulous, observing everything to the finest details. When I thought of this method, I also felt it would be strange and there would be a great chance of failure. In fact, there was a change in circumstances that made me almost give up this plan.”

The change Bai Ning Bing spoke of was none other than poison vow Gu.

” A great man knows when to yield and when not , my objective was to rely on the poison vow to accomplish my goal. So what if I would be used for some time?” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes turned vague as he recalled, “However, the developments after that made me realize that poison vow Gu was not reliable.”

“The poison vow between you and Shang Ya Zi, despite there being a very ingenious flaw, I felt that you were too confident. And I had also secretly investigated the contract with Bai clan, the rumors however were still leaked out, making me feel even more uncertain. One thing that I have learned about you is that you make the best preparations for everything, calculating even the worst outcomes. Thus, I could not help but consider this situation — what if you were not restricted by poison vow Gu, what would I do then?”

“I knew that if that was the case, I had already gotten into a desperate situation. I was restricted by the poison vow while you were not, I would become your chess piece which you could use or kill with no way for me to retaliate. Just relying on my own power, I would never be able to escape this predicament, but there was one person who could help me at Shang clan city.”

“Speaking of this person, I still need to thank you for the introduction.” Bai Ning Bing smiled mockingly.

He thought of the first meeting with Doctor Su Shou.

It was during the banquet organized by Shang Yan Fei. As thanks to Fang and Bai for escorting Shang Xin Ci to Shang clan city, Shang Yan Fei invited Doctor Su Shou to treat Fang Yuan’s disfigured face.

And to make Bai Ning Bing give up, Fang Yuan intentionally asked her to go together.

After Bai Ning Bing met Doctor Su Shou with her real appearance, Doctor Su Shou’s attitude immediately changed into extreme warmth and compassion.

Doctor Su Shou was one of the four great doctors of Southern Border and had a peculiarity of being attracted to appearance. She was extremely fond of handsome men and beautiful women, as long as their appearance was extraordinary, she would give treatment for free. If the appearance was ugly, she would loathe them and would not treat them even if they gave more money.

Bai Ning Bing asked her about the transformation of Yin and Yang, and with the reply he got, he was even more aware of how important the Yang Gu in Fang Yuan’s possession was.

But at the same time, Bai Ning Bing also got to know Doctor Su Shou. Before leaving, Doctor Su Shou had made a serious promise that no matter what problems he faced, he could go find her.

” Cough cough .” Fang Yuan coughed out a mouthful of blood, the ice blade had pierce through his heart, but with the help of healing Gu, he was able to hang on to life.

However, the chilly aura of the ice blade was slowing down the speed of his blood flow, and the numbness the cold brought was spreading to his whole body.

Right now, however, these injuries were minor details: “The person you are speaking, is it Doctor Su Shou?”

“Hehehe, you are Fang Yuan indeed, you are right.” Bai Ning Bing praised.

“That b*tch!” Fang Yuan cursed but also had new doubts, “But didn’t you guys only meet once? Wait… there was also the second time!”

Fang Yuan suddenly recalled something while talking.

At Shang clan city, Bai Ning Bing and Doctor Su Shou had met for a second time!

That time was when Bai Ning Bing lost to Yan Tu by just a little and suffered heavy injuries while also losing her vital Gu. She went to Doctor Su Shou’s place to receive treatment and to recuperate.

“Don’t tell me?!” Fang Yuan seemed to have thought of something and his gaze immediately turned to Bai Ning Bing as if it was the first time he was seeing this cold and handsome young man.

Bai Ning Bing smiled, his blue eyes shining eerily: “It seems you have guessed it. That’s right, I intentionally lost to Yan Tu. Losing a vital Gu is nothing, exchanging it for a chance to evade your suspicions, isn’t it a profitable transaction? At that time, I decided to gamble.”

Bai Ning Bing went to Doctor Su Shou’s place and relying just on his intuition, he decided to take a risk — he told the truth honestly to Doctor Su Shou.

Doctor Su Shou sympathized with his experience and did her best to free him from Fang Yuan’s demonic claws.

Bai Ning Bing asked her if there was a way to dispel poison vow.

Doctor Su Shou replied that she could not dispel poison vow, but there was a way which could get rid of poison vow’s binding.

She recalled from her memories: Once, when she was young and ignorant, she was deceived by her sect’s junior brother into using poison vow Gu to make an oath saying they would never abandon each other. Later, she used this method to get rid of the poison vow.

Bai Ning Bing asked: “What is it?”

Doctor Su Shou’s gaze turned grave and said —’To live, one must die.’

Once the poison vow activated, it would cause the death of the vow maker. Doctor Su Shou was a healing Gu Master and her solution was to intentionally let the poison vow activate and cause the Gu Master’s death, the poison would be removed and then revive the Gu Master.

“This method is a forceful removal. The absolute majority of healing Gu Masters cannot do it even if they thought of it. I am able to barely accomplish it because of the unique legacy from my teacher. But even so, this has a one-in-three chance of failure. If it fails, it will mean death. Think it through.” Doctor Su Shou gave a final warning.

Bai Ning Bing decided on the spot to use this method.

With Doctor Su Shou’s help, he got rid of the poison vow fortunately.

Without the poison vow’s binding, Bai Ning Bing got in touch with Tie clan and Tie Ruo Nan was able to learn the truth.

The truth that person in front of her was Fang Yuan and not Fang Zheng.

At the same time, she also understood the event that occured on Qing Mao mountain.

To deal with Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan launched a secret cooperation.

“We had used iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu around an area and planned to create the scene of the self-destruction. Unfortunately, you refused to rescue her. I could only gather a group and hurry to San Cha mountain to make new plans.” Tie Ruo Nan spoke.

The scene of Bai Ning Bing being trapped for so many days by Tie clan’s four old-timers looked like Tie clan’s reprisal because of Bai Ning Bing killing a Tie clan’s Gu Master in the inheritance, but in truth, it was all a scheme to deal with Fang Yuan.

However, Fang Yuan fought one against seven and slaughtered Tie Ruo Nan’s group which caused Tie Mu Bai to take the stage.

Tie Ruo Nan received Tie Mu Bai’s teachings, cultivating and patiently waiting for news from Bai Ning Bing. This was also the reason why she did not take the initiative to look for Fang Yuan although she had extreme hatred towards him.

However, Fang Yuan made an impressive move that shook everybody; he took control of the whole situation after entering three kings inheritance.

Tie Mu Bai’s death caused Bai Ning Bing to keep silent and conceal himself even deeper. Using Fang Yuan’s trust, he controlled the dog beasts.

With the death of the land spirit, he was unable to suppress the situation anymore and the pressure on him increased. However at the same time, he felt his whole body relaxed as he was free from the land spirit’s surveillance.

He was still not at ease though, thus he intentionally gave way for Yan Jun to probe Fang Yuan.

Sure enough like he expected, Feng Tian Yu was sent out, this proved the land spirit had truly died.

Bai Ning Bing was inwardly happy and again maneuvered the situation to make a way in for Tie Ruo Nan and Tie clan’s four old-timers.

The reason Tie Ruo Nan came to the main hall by herself was also because of this.

“Fang Yuan, I advise you to obediently surrender. Outside, my Tie clan’s enslavement path grandmaster Tie Bai Qi is controlling the dog beasts and obstructing the group of experts. Outside the main hall, there are Tie clan’s four old-timers who are using iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu to confine the space so that no one can infiltrate here. Surrendering is your only way out.”

Tie Ruo Nan walked over and held the second aperture Gu in her hand while pronouncing Fang Yuan’s fate.

Fang Yuan was silent.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 397: The battle has just begun 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“There are truly are uncountable geniuses in this world…” After being solemn for a while, Fang Yuan raised his head and sighed.

“Bai Ning Bing, what a Bai Ning Bing… hehehe, I underestimated you, and fell victim to your schemes. It was a beautiful victory, your plan was flawless, while I was careless and overconfident, only thinking about the Immortal Gu, allowing you to succeed, it was my mistake!”

“I’m flattered. The reason I could plot against you was due to the perfect time, place and opportunity. If I were the one who had to refine an Immortal Gu while scheming against both the righteous and demonic factions, I would definitely have done worse than you.” Bai Ning Bing answered seriously: “But now at this point, winner takes all and the loser loses everything, I hope you would stop your pointless struggle.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan sneered: “The reason you have not killed me yet is because of the Immortal Gu, you want to know its effects and also the Immortal Gu recipe in my head.”

Now that the land spirit was dead, the blessed land was on the brink of destruction, there were loopholes everywhere and without the heavenly power to suppress them, Gu Masters could use their Gu freely.

That is to say, Fang Yuan just had to think about it, and all his Gu would self-detonate, Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan had no way to stop him.

“Tie Ruo Nan, Tie Mu Bai and the others died in my hands, you have to take this Immortal Gu back to redeem yourself, otherwise you will lose your young master position.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly.

Tie Ruo Nan was expressionless, answering frankly: “That’s right, Immortal Gu are unique, they are extremely important, when I bring it back it will be an unprecedented merit, I would receive the Tie clan Gu Immortals’ nurturing and reward. As for the recipe to refine Immortal Gu, right now only you know about it, if I can contribute it to the clan, I would immediately become Tie clan young clan leader.”

“When I ascend to the position of clan leader, I will be like Lord Tie Mu Bai, upholding justice and order. After all these things, I have learnt: To uphold justice, one needs to have great strength as well as a strong force! Only in this way can I repay Lord Tie Mu Bai’s teachings, and allow him to feel at peace in the afterlife.”

Saying so, Tie Ruo Nan thought about the Tie clansmen who died in Fang Yuan’s hands, her eyes turning red as she felt intense fury and hatred, and also the great satisfaction of getting her revenge.

She breathed in deeply, staring sharply at Fang Yuan: “As for you, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I will not kill you. You were able to refine an Immortal Gu using a mortal body, such refinement talent is truly spectacular. As long as you surrender, I will send you into the Tie clan Demon Suppression Tower to undergo reform. In the future, when you turn over a new leaf, and leave the tower, you will work for Tie clan, and contribute to the righteous path, repaying for your sins, this is the best outcome.”

“Demon Suppression Tower…” Fang Yuan squinted: “You make it sound really nice! Hehehe, you want the Immortal Gu? Sure, let’s make a transaction.”

Fang Yuan talked about the details of the transaction as he focused on the movements outside the hall.

He was stalling for time.

In this situation, it may seem like a dead end but he still had one final resort.

Because of refining Gu, Fang Yuan’s mind is tired and he had little primeval essence left. His rank four all-out effort Gu was not refined yet, and many beast phantoms were used up in the Gu refinement process.

He could not force it now, Fang Yuan was not in the best condition, while Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan came prepared. Furthermore, there are the four Tie clan old-timers outside as well as Tie Bai Qi who manipulates dog groups.

Spring Autumn Cicada was indeed the best chance he had, but it carried an enormous risk, and carried the danger of dying. Unless he had no other options, Fang Yuan did not want to use it yet.

“My true opportunity lies in the experts waiting outside the hall. With just the dog group and Tie clan’s four old-timers, they cannot block them all forever. As long as they fight their way in here, the situation would be completely overturned.

Fate worked in mysterious ways, not long ago, Fang Yuan was using all his methods to block the experts outside, but now he could not wish more for them to fight their way into the hall.

…

“This accursed Tie clan, the mastermind is them all along!”

“TIe clan’s old clan leader Tie Mu Bai came personally, what attracted him? We should’ve guessed…”

“Tie clan is a super clan, but don’t think of devouring this alone, the immortal treasure belongs to all of us!”

In the intense battlefield, everyone was excited.

Looking at the bronze hall, many Gu Masters’ eyes were burning with passion.

The purple colored light barrier covered the entire bronze hall. Tie clan’s four old-timers were at all four directions, guarding it securely.

As for Tie Bai Qi, he was standing at the door of the hall, looking down at all the Gu Masters as he manipulated the dog group.

He was an old man, his head was full of white hair, and he had a third eye on his forehead, shining brightly. He was a rank five enslavement path Gu Master, a Tie clan elder, and was once Tie Mu Bai’s capable general. Under Tie Mu Bai’s orders, he came out of cultivation, coming to the faraway San Cha mountain.

Right now, Tie Bai Qi was smiling as he looked at the battlefield.

The dog group was under his command, unleashing several times the fighting strength they had compared to before. Tie Bai Qi did not mind the losses, blocking all the experts outside.

“This old fool is really irritating.” Mo Wu Tian’s hair was flying in the air as he breathed roughly.

Before him, dog emperor Ba Huang was bathed in blood, in a condition worse than Mo Wu Tian. But soon, the healing Gu on it worked, and under the milky-white colored light, it began to heal rapidly.

Mo Wu Tian tried to attack while there was a chance, but a group of green hua dogs charged in.

“This again!” Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth, forced to kill this group of reinforcements.

While it had the chance, Ba Huang managed to heal most of its injuries and became revitalized again.

Compared to the time Bai Ning Bing sent out the dog emperor and did not have the energy to control it, Tie Bai Qi had a much easier time. He manipulated the entire battlefield, and controlled the situation, showing the strength of the enslavement path fully.

On the other hand, Xiao Mang was also receiving great attention from Tie Bai Qi.

“This won’t do, the immortal treasure is going to be taken by Tie clan!” Xiao Mang was anxious and hateful, but dog emperor Ying Ming was blocking his path, not allowing him to pass through.

“Bastard, you forced me!!” Xiao Mang growled, flying into the sky.

The sky already had one huge hole, tens of kilometers in diameter, as the outside showed the sky of the main world, full of clouds and was a bright sunny day.

Xiao Mang flew out of the hole, raising his hands.

Rank four, gather light Gu.

Large amounts of sunlight gathered on his palms, the light turned into a ball, flawless and huge; Xiao Mang was like an ant carrying a huge rice bowl.

Rank five, extreme light Gu.

The glorious light of the immemorial era, gathered into the ball, and caused a qualitative change, as the entire ball was infected with the glory of the immemorial times!

Rank five, river under the sun Gu.

The light ball exploded, turning into an overwhelming water of light, each drop was like a fragment of the sun, extremely bright and dazzling.

Killer move — Torrential Light Stream!  1

The river of light rolled and crashed as it poured down on the blessed land from the hole.

The light was blinding, and the waves were fierce, it turned the entire battlefield white, and everyone closed their eyes, unable to resist such a strong light.

“Oh no!” Tie Bai Qi tried to stop it, but the light river’s formation was already complete, he could only reduce its impact by a little.

The grand light river was like a waterfall, crashing on the purple barrier.

The barrier only lasted for a moment before shattering, as the four old-timers who sustained the barrier spurted out mouthfuls of blood, gravely injured.

The light river broke the barrier and was weakened, but it continued on its way into the bronze hall.

The hall was immediately broken through, and the waterfall swept towards Fang, Bai, and Tie.

Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk as they subconsciously tried to dodge.

Fang Yuan who was waiting for an opportunity, immediately reacted and activated his primeval essence.

Warp Gu!

He activated this rank five movement Gu.

This Gu was something he got from killing Chou Jiu the killer ghost doctor.

With a swoosh, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.

The light river crashed on the floor, creating a huge hole that was about two meters deep.

Tie and Bai dodged in time, standing at the edge of the huge hole, extremely calm.

“He escaped indeed, hehehe. It seems he used warp Gu. I think this Gu came from killer ghost doctor.” Tie Ruo Nan analyzed.

“We’re letting him escape?” Bai Ning Bing looked at Tie Ruo Nan.

“You forgot about fixed star Gu? Don’t worry, even if he escapes to the end of the world, Tie clan’s four old-timers would be able to arrest him. Let me roam around for now and expend his primeval essence and energy. It saves us some trouble.” Tie Ruo Nan smiled lightly, her tone showing a confident attitude towards grasping the situation.

After so many trials and difficulties, she had grown up a lot.

Guh!

Intense pain assaulted him as Fang Yuan vomited a mouthful of blood, feeling extremely dizzy. A sense of disgust almost caused him to fall face flat on the ground, feeling like his intestines were all jumbled up.

Warp Gu was a space path Gu, tearing through space and transporting the Gu Master’s body. The strong effect carried an equally intense backlash.

Gu Masters who constantly use warp Gu would have their tendons entangled, their blood would flow backwards, and their joints would be dislocated. On the outside, the Gu Master would get uglier and uglier, no matter how nice he looked originally, he would turn hideous.

To use the warp Gu, one had to use other Gu worms to modify his own body. But to Fang Yuan, he no longer cared.

“Second aperture Gu will be kept safe by you guys for now. I will return this hatred a million fold in the future!” Fang Yuan quickly assessed his surroundings, realizing that although he was out of the hall, he was still a distance from the bronze hall.

Large numbers of dogs came attacking, and he quickly chose to retreat.

Although second aperture Gu was in Tie Ruo Nan’s hands, the control was still in Fang Yuan’s hands. He refined the second aperture Gu single-handedly, now with just a thought, this Gu would self-detonate.

Of course, unless left without a choice, Fang Yuan would not do something so stupid.

“This battle has just begun. Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan, just you wait. Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly.

To use second aperture Gu, immortal essence was needed, otherwise, an insane amount of primeval stones were needed to replace it.

To Fang Yuan, he could not keep this Gu into his aperture.

Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure was high enough, if he placed another Immortal Gu in, Fang Yuan’s aperture would explode.

If an Immortal Gu was outside the aperture, its aura would leak, and everyone would notice. If Fang Yuan took the Immortal Gu and ran, he would become everyone’s target, immediately being chased down by two rank five, more than ten rank four, and countless rank three and two Gu masters.

“Tie Ruo Nan has the Immortal Gu, she is definitely everyone’s attack target. Hehe, I’ll let you guys compete while I watch on the sidelines, becoming the final winner in the end!” Fang Yuan was resolved to retreat and recover his battle strength, before finding an opportunity to strike.

But heaven did not side with him, as quickly, many Gu Masters found out his movements and screamed.

“Who is it?”

“Little beast king, it seems he came out of the bronze hall!”

“Quick, quick, quick, block him! He must’ve gotten a portion of the treasure.”

The voices attracted people’s attention, as Fang Yuan’s surrounding Gu Masters quickly turned around and attacked him.

But the first who attacked were a small group of heavy tai dogs.

Not only was Fang Yuan obstructed by righteous and demonic Gu Masters, he was also specially “taken care of” by Tie Bai Qi.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“God damn it!” Fang Yuan cursed, waving his hand and summoning a golden dragon.

Golden dragon roared as it turned these heavy tai dogs into meat paste, paving a way for him to move.

“Little beast king, where do you think you’re going? Hand over the immortal treasure!” Yi Chong rushed towards Fang Yuan, as the waves came crashing.

Bone wings Gu!

Fang Yuan flapped his wings, avoiding the huge waves and flying into the sky.

“Little beast king, just stay here.” Yi Huo waved his hand and fire birds flew out towards Fang Yuan.

Golden aurora Gu.

Fang Yuan’s body was covered in a golden light as his speed increased, retreating quickly and leaving the fire birds behind.

“Oh?” This huge change attracted Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s attention.

Xiao Mang shot out a giant hand of light, like a huge elephant, flying swiftly towards Fang Yuan trying to capture him.

Fang Yuan turned at a sharp angle, narrowly avoid it.

But at this moment, there was a gentle sound near his ears.

This sound was like a lover’s whisper beside one’s ear, or like the voice of one’s loved ones, causing an unknowing person to feel deeply emotional and unable to focus.

“Mo Wu Tian’s gentle feelings Gu!” Fang Yuan quickly broke free of it after his shock, but his movement was slowed because of this, causing the giant light hand to catch up.

“Oh no!” It was too late to dodge, Fang Yuan could only use his Gu worms to fight back, using offense as defense.

Bam!

The sound of a loud explosion, and the light hand was dispersed, while Fang Yuan flew in the air like a kite with its strings cut, landing towards the ground.

The sound of the wind near his ears woke the unconscious Fang Yuan.

Sensing that he was falling, he quickly activated his Gu worm while shouting: “Tie Ruo Nan obtained a peerless Immortal Gu, she is refining it now!”

Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s attention were instantly diverted.

Immortal Gu!

Everyone went into a commotion as their enthusiasm surged, causing Tie Bai Qi’s pressure to intensify.

Fang Yuan caught his breath and quickly used Wu Gui’s movement Gu. Large numbers of dark clouds appeared as he hid within, making his escape.

But at this moment…

Swish swish swish swish!

In the air, four chains extended out of nowhere, swift as lightning and flexible like snakes, tying Fang Yuan’s four limbs.

Next, the chains tightened and coiled, spreading until Fang Yuan was tied up tightly, dragged into the void.

The next moment, Fang Yuan reappeared in the bronze hall.

Tie clan’s four old-timers were at the north, south, east, and west respectively, standing around him.

The were half kneeling on the ground, their right palms facing forward while their left hand gripped their right hand, activating their Gu worms together. On each of their right palms, a black steel chain was extending out.

Tie clan’s four old-timers’ killer move — Infinite Search and Lock!

…

At this moment, in central continent, Tian Ti mountain.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, on top of Hun Dang mountain, a competition that decided the blessed land’s owner was at its final moments.

“Fang Zheng, hang in there, victory is within reach!” Lord Sky Crane’s voice came from within Fang Zheng. Compared to the start, he sounded extremely tired and weak.

“Yes, just one opponent left…” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his body full of sweat as it swayed, hanging on with just his determination.

“I, the great Xiao Qi Xing, was surpassed by a nobody?” Xiao Qi Xing’s eyes were staring wide as he looked at Fang Zheng climb, at a height beyond him.

“Sigh, to think that it would end up like this.” Ying Sheng Ji sighed, letting go and falling down the mountain.

He was furthest from the peak, seeing Fang Zheng’s performance, he knew he had no chance of winning, thus giving up immediately.

Hu Immortal land spirit would not let him die of course, with a snap of her finger, Ying Sheng Ji was transported out of the blessed land.

Climb, continue to climb.

The skin on Fang Zheng’s arms and legs were torn, as blood flowed down.

The closer he was to the peak, the greater the vibration shocks on the soul. Fang Zheng was almost unable to think of anything, there was only the mountain peak left in his mind, as his entire potential was squeezed out, he was extremely tired, and this had greatly exceeded the limits of his body.

“This lad…” Feng Jin Huang was moved.

Fang Zheng was obviously exhausted beyond belief, yet he seemed to have some sort of limitless energy sustaining him.

“Mountain peak, mountain peak…” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, with only one thought in his mind.

He climbed step by step, surpassing Feng Jin Huang and taking the lead!

At this moment, he was only less than a meter from the mountain peak.

Even the cute and tiny land spirit was standing at the edge of the cliff, looking down and watching the birth of her new owner.

Outside the blessed land, some Gu Masters who were watching started to sigh.

“Congrats to you He Feng Yang, this time your Immortal Crane Sect performed the best.”

“Hmph, if my rank six exquisite warp Gu was still around…”

“Or maybe star shuttle Gu, fixed immortal travel Gu, or one’s own movement Gu, the results would be different.”

The Gu Immortals had differing attitudes, some were congratulating while others were sighing in pity.

“We were lucky, just lucky!” He Feng Yang was modest but his tone could not conceal his joy.

But at this moment, a Gu Immortal sneered: “He Feng Yang, you are going to be disappointed. This Hu Immortal Inheritance belongs to us Spirit Affinity House.”

As the immortal spoke, a change occurred in the blessed land!

Feng Jin Huang shouted, and a beautiful pair of wings grew from her shoulders.

This pair of wings was extremely elegant and beautiful, all sorts of lights shone on it, it was dazzling and alluring, with just one flap, Feng Jin Huang ascended easily.

“What?”

“This is…”

“The legendary Immortal Gu — Dream Wings!”

Dream wings was a special Immortal Gu, it did not exist in the real world, but only appeared in dreams. Activating it did not require immortal essence, but the Gu Master’s spirit and soul instead.

Feng Jin Huang was only a mortal, activating the dream wings forcefully would cause severe damage to her soul, amnesia at best, becoming mentally retarded at worst.

But the proud her had never suffered defeat since her birth. She could not allow Fang Zheng to be the sole winner right before her eyes.

“Even if I have to pay the heaviest price, I have to attain victory!” Under Fang Zheng’s shocked expression, Feng Jin Huang flew up quickly, easily surpassing him and claiming the lead once again.

The dream wings were folded back as Feng Jin Huang stood at the side of the cliff, breathing heavily, she felt a strong dizziness from the depths of her soul, almost causing her to faint.

She reached her limits.

Forcefully activating an Immortal Gu, it was not easy for Feng Jin Huang to reach this step.

“I actually lost!” Fang Zheng stared with wide opened eyes, dejected and upset.

At this moment, Feng Jin Huang was so close to the peak, in fact, her arms were already at the edge of the peak, she was one step away!

“I, I am about… to win!”

At this moment, Feng Jin Huang forced herself to raise her head, using the last bit of strength she had.

Her eyes were glowing like amber, her beautiful appearance and her snow-white long neck, was shining like jade in the blessed land’s pink light.

 She was like a young phoenix, expanding its wings for the first time.

Brilliant and glorious!

At once, even Gu Immortals were dazed.

She bit her lips, placing her arms at the edge of the cliff. Next, she used her remaining strength to drag her body up as well.

At the end, she rolled onto the mountain peak.

She succeeded!

The sole winner of this competition, the new owner of the Hu Immortal blessed land!

…

Southern border, San Cha mountain, bronze hall.

Fang Yuan was tied up by the chains.

“Hehehe, Fang Yuan, we meet again.” Tie Ruo Nan stood before Fang Yuan, laughed heartily.

Bai Ning Bing sighed: “It is no use, Fang Yuan, I secretly planted the fixed star Gu in your left arm. With this Gu to locate you, the infinite search and lock can catch you no matter where you go, even if you escape to the edge of the world, we can still bring you back. You have lost, admit it.”

“What?” Fang Yuan lowered his head, seeing that there was a Gu on his left arm.

This Gu was a star fragment of the immemorial era, it was eight-sided and crystal clear, giving off starlight at times, causing Fang Yuan’s forearm to shine with a transparent eerie blue light.

“Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan howled, struggling frantically, causing the chains to make a loud clank sound.

In his past life, Tie clan’s four old-timers used this killer move to capture Kong Ri Tian, to think that in this life, the same move would be used on him.

Before, when Bai Ning Bing was trapped by the four old-timers, Fang Yuan did not help her immediately, he was wary of this infinite search and lock.

Once he was locked on by this Gu, no matter where Fang Yuan escaped, the chains would extend from the void to capture him. But without the fixed star Gu, infinite search and lock would be like a headless chicken, not a threat at all.

“This fixed star Gu was given to me by the four old-timers personally, and I even spent a long time training to use it. Do you know when I planted it? Hehehe, it was when you injected yellow gold primeval essence to nurture my aperture. You had absolutely no idea huh?” Bai Ning Bing’s eyes were shining with cold mockery.

This move was truly nailing the problem at its roots, crushing Fang Yuan’s hopes of a reversal!

“Fixed star Gu… good, Bai Ning Bing, you are too good!” Fang Yuan stared at Bai Ning Bing, gritting his teeth.

Tie Ruo Nan continued to urge: “Fang Yuan, you have been locked on by infinite search and lock, you Gu worms have already been sealed and you cannot even use your primeval essence. You have no hope left, of course you can still will your Gu worms to self-detonate, but I would advise you not to do that. You are a smart person, you should know which option benefits you the most right?”

Fang Yuan lowered his head, silent.

Earlier, he had activated his Gu worms furiously, but infinite search and lock was famous for a reason, it was both a space path and seal path killer move. Even the rank five warp Gu was sealed, unable to be used.

“It has ended, Fang Yuan. Demon Suppression Tower is your final resting place. You will spend the rest of your life there.” Bai Ning Bing sighed, seeing his mortal enemy captured, he felt extremely complicated, feeling both joy and sorrow.

“Throughout these years, thank you for the excitement you have brought to my life. Because of your existence, it lightened up this lonely life of mine, and I became less lonely and bored. Next, I will have an even more exciting life, and you should be honored that you have been a part of it.” Saying so, Bai Ning Bing paid respects to Fang Yuan in an earnest and sincere expression.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 399: Spring Autumn Cicada 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the sky beyond the bronze hall.

There was a huge hole in the blessed land’s sky, connecting to the outside world. From Fang Yuan’s angle, he could see the sun of southern border.

The sun was setting, it was near dusk.

“5:45pm, at this time, Feng Jin Huang should’ve just inherited Hu Immortal blessed land?” Fang Yuan thought.

In his previous life, he worked with demonic Gu Immortals, attacking Hu Immortal blessed land and taking over Dang Hun mountain. In the end he paid a huge price, killing Feng Jin Huang and narrowly surviving.

After Feng Jin Huang died, the righteous path grieved, writing the “Biography of Feng Jin Huang”. The biography listed all the things she achieved in life, and Feng Jin Huang had three great opportunities in life.

Her first encounter, was when she was three years old, when she was sleeping, she obtained the Immortal Gu dream wings in her dreams.

The second opportunity was Hu Immortal blessed land, on this day, at 5:30pm, she successfully ascended the mountain.

“Feng Jin Huang has the Immortal Gu dream wings, the Hu Immortal Inheritance is definitely hers to take. To not give her such a huge lead, I need the second aperture Gu. Unfortunately, my efforts were in vain!”

He sighed in his heart, but his dazed expression suddenly became resolute again.

He had a chance to reverse the situation, he had not lost yet!

That is because, he had Spring Autumn Cicada.

Infinite search and lock could seal rank five Gu, but it could not restrict rank six Immortal Gu!

Fang Yuan raised his head, taking a final look at Bai Ning Bing and the others. There was nothing to say, this time, there was hope if he succeeded, and nothing to say if he failed.

“How can he be so calm?” Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan and the others felt something amiss.

Bam!

Fang Yuan self-detonated!

At that moment, Spring Autumn Cicada burst out in two lights, green and orange, as a mystical and profound aura spread out.

All of Fang Yuan’s Gu worms, all his primeval essence, all his flesh and soul, all detonated.

Every use of the Spring Autumn Cicada was a great gamble.

Fang Yuan was at a dead end, he bet on everything he had!

After self-detonating, all the energy was injected into the Spring Autumn Cicada.

Spring Autumn Cicada turned into a brilliant dot, carrying Fang Yuan’s remaining will and tore through space, entering the most famous forbidden ground in this world — the river of time.

The Gu world had southern border, northern plains, western desert, eastern seas, and central continent. There was also one river of time, connecting past, present, and future, that was time itself.

Space and time were the basis that constructed the world.

Swish swish swish…

The river water in the river of time ebbed and flowed, crashing like waves.

Every drop of the water of time was pale white, but over a gazillion droplets of water crashed, intertwined, collided, and spun each time, giving off a brilliant light show.

In this desolate and plentiful river water, Spring Autumn Cicada was like a roaming traveller returning home, its wings flapped as it carried Fang Yuan’s consciousness and moved against the flow.

To Fang Yuan, this was the third time he used Spring Autumn Cicada.

The first time, he entered the river of time without any experience. The second time, he was forced to self-detonate, there was too little time.

This time, he was mentally prepared, and finally experienced the feeling of going against the tides.

This feeling was so mystical and incredible. Countless light shadows, like a movie playing in reverse, appeared in his consciousness.

It felt like a second passed, but it also felt like years had passed.

The dangerous waves came crashing each time, Spring Autumn Cicada quickly lost its stamina, and the energy from self-detonating was expended, it struggled and jumped into one of the droplets, vanishing.

Fang Yuan blinked, and the image before him had changed!

“Hold on, hold on, all can be negotiated. I can promise to tell you the true path, but you must ensure my safety. I have a poison vow Gu…”

Fang Yuan heard a familiar voice begging for his life, he looked down and saw Wang Xiao.

He was stunned, as his heart pounded, his expression changed as he revealed an unconcealed joy.

“Hahaha, I succeeded, I succeeded again, I won the bet, I managed to rebirth!” Fang Yuan spread his arms, laughing loudly.

Wang Xiao: “…”

Fang Yuan’s sudden performance caused him to feel shocked and suspicious.

“What rebirth? What succeeded? Is this guy mentally unsound? But honestly, there are lots of crazy demonic path Gu Masters. Damn it, I encountered such a maniac!”

Being stepped on by Fang Yuan, Wang Xiao who was lying on the ground thought about this and begged even louder.

“Hahaha…” Fang Yuan’s laughter continued, this feeling of escaping from a hopeless scenario and restarting once again was simply too good, he felt great!

He first inspected his aperture.

In the aperture, his vital Gu Spring Autumn Cicada was extremely weak once again, its lustrous body had turned into wilting autumn leaves.

Fang Yuan willed, and Spring Autumn Cicada hid its body, entering a deep sleep, regaining its strength through the river of time.

“This way, the threat Spring Autumn Cicada has been alleviated!” Fang Yuan laughed even louder, his eyes shining brightly.

He looked around again.

This was evidently still the blessed land, he was stepping on Wang Xiao, and there was a corpse beside him, it was Yun clan’s young clan leader Yun Luo Tian.

He was killed by Bai Ning Bing, and his corpse was sent over by expending immortal essence.

Thinking of Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan’s laughter stopped, unable to laugh anymore.

It was this guy, planning for so long and finally betrayed him, causing Fang Yuan to fail even though he succeeded in refining second aperture Gu, falling into deep despair. If not for Spring Autumn Cicada and his good luck, Fang Yuan would’ve completely lost. Regardless of death or captivity in Demon Suppression Tower, he would have no opportunities left in life.

Demonic path was like this, it was like walking on tightrope, one step was all it takes for destruction. Falling into the abyss, with no hopes of ever getting back up.

“I was simply too careless, thinking about Feng Jin Huang and wanting to refine an Immortal Gu, I ignored the true demon that was hiding near me! But this Bai Ning Bing’s acting was also convincing, planning for so many years, working so hard to numb my senses, and then giving me the final blow. Heh, I am still a mortal, I am not an invincible god.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s mouth was bitter.

Fang Yuan was improving and growing ferociously, Bai Ning Bing was the same.

This was the harshness of reality, and also the beauty of fate.

In this world, everyone was a main character, but everyone was also a side character.

“Everyone has their own advantages, Bai Ning Bing has the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, Tie Ruo Nan has her Tie clan background, Feng Jin Huang gained an Immortal Gu in her dreams when she was three years old. As for me, I struggled for hundreds of years, cultivating bitterly until I refined the Spring Autumn Cicada.”

Fang Yuan thought about this, and his emotions surged again, he smiled brilliantly and recited: ”

Viewing thousands of mountains in deep crimson 

 Layers of trees dyed red 

 On the limpid blue water 

 Hundreds of barges race against currents 

Hawks spread their wings in the vast sky 

 Fish swim freely under deep water 

 All living things vie for freedom under the autumn sky 

Pondering over the immensity of the universe 

 I ask this boundless and misty earth 

 Who rules the fate of this world?”

If heavens had emotions it would grow old, the Great Dao is emotionless and impartial. Every living being has the chance to rise up, it depends on how one uses their opportunities, and how one fights!

In this world, no one is born to be a side character. And there is no one who is an eternal main character.

Living beings compete, the weak are eliminated.

Precisely because of the heroes competing in this world, facing off with their respective strengths and trump cards, can history be so immense and interesting, making the world such a mystical place.

Thinking so, the bitterness, hatred, shock, grieve and joy vanished in Fang Yuan like a trace of smoke.

His heart was clear, his demonic resolution shone deeply in his eyes.

He started to think calmly.

“So I rebirthed at this time. According to my previous life’s development, I grilled Wang Xiao regarding the path towards Wu mountain, but he did not tell me even after dying. I had no choice and had to kill him, using the beast strength placenta Gu to devour his and Yun Luo Tian’s apertures.”

Fang Yuan was solemn, his expression like ice, as he recalled in his mind what was about to happen.

“Next, I spent a lot of effort, exposing the Spring Autumn Cicada to convince the land spirit. Next, I killed killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu, Wu Shen Tong, and Zhang San San. I unexpectantly obtained a slavery Gu from Zhang San San, and was about to continue killing people when an accident occurred. I had no choice but to interfere and kill Long Qing Tian, but because of the jade sky Gu poison, I had no gains.”

“Next, I refined Gu, defended the hall, and got betrayed by Bai Ning Bing…”

Fang Yuan’s mind worked like lightning, almost instantly recalling the previous life as his eyes squinted into a line, subconsciously clenching his fists tightly.

“The situation is really perilous!” With his rebirth, Fang Yuan looked at the situation clear as day, his previous life’s carelessness became this life’s alertness.

Firstly, Bai Ning Bing already knows about the details regarding the refinement of the Immortal Gu.

She had secretly cooperated with Tie Ruo Nan, Tie clan had to be prepared long ago, that Tie Bai Qi might have already hidden himself in San Cha mountain, ready to strike at any moment.

The enemy is hidden while I am exposed, this is not good!

Next, during the last few days of refinement, Xiao Mang would arrive here. The unexpected Mo Wu Tian would also join in with his new rank five cultivation.

In his previous life, Fang Yuan killed several demonic heads causing the demonic faction to have no leader. Mo Wu Tian’s arrival easily overturned that as he gathered the demonic path’s strength using his rank five cultivation. It could be said that because of him, it hastened the outside experts’ attack on the hall.

The enemy is strong while I am weak, that is even worse!!

Lastly, the most severe point…

Fang Yuan raised his left arm.

In his previous life, he was kept in the dark, but now he knew: Bai Ning Bing had secretly planted the fixed star Gu on him, on this forearm. Once the Tie clan’s four old-timers used the infinite search and lock, he would have no way to escape, captured even if he ran to the edge of the world.

“Now that I think about it, Tie clan did not move earlier because first, I killed Tie Mu Bai, and that situation greatly exceeded their expectations. Secondly, they want to reap the benefits from others’ conflict, attaining the fruits of victory without loss. Thirdly, they are extremely vigilant. Although infinite search and lock can restrict rank five Gu worms, it could be resisted in other ways. What if they arrested me but did not find the Yang Gu? Thus because of this, they kept it as a final trump card.”

Fixed star Gu was secretly planted, Fang Yuan was now like a fish in the net, he could not escape. It was almost a hopeless situation.

(Author’s note: This book is the realization of my dream these six years. Thus it contained many things, and is different from other books. One point especially, that is Fang Yuan the main character, is able to fail. Demonic path was never about winning every battle, demons lose too. If I do not write out the failure, I would not be able to represent the true nature of “demonic”. Any risk has a price to pay, if one day, in the event Fang Yuan’s death would make the book more interesting, or even elevate it to another level, then I would write him to death, that is also the tragedy of the demonic path.)



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 400: Life is but a few hundred years, it is all a grand gamble! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Fixed star Gu, this is like a rope tied around my neck. Although I have methods to get rid of it, I need a lot of time to prepare. If I want to immediately get rid of the fixed star Gu, unless Bai Ning Bing took it back personally, otherwise, I can also chop off my left forearm…” Fang Yuan’s heart was burning with this urge.

Fixed star Gu was hiding in Fang Yuan’s forearm, once he discarded his forearm, Tie clan’s four old-timers would only be able to retrieve his broken limb.

If if he did that, Fang Yuan would lose a limb.

He would have to treat it in the future, making a broken limb grow back, creating something from nothing, it would spend a lot of effort.

Not mentioning how troublesome healing would be, the thing now was once he loses his left arm, it would be alerting his enemies. Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing would immediately realize that Fang Yuan knew what was going on, and would immediately start their attacks.

That way, the attackers of the main hall would also include Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing.

To Fang Yuan, such a situation was worse than the previous life.

“I cannot alert them prematurely! I was lucky to rebirth, compared to last time, my only advantage is that I know what is going to happen. I have to go with the flow, since Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing are still usable to me now. Once I lose my arm, not only would Tie clan be forced to go against me, the situation will also change, and derail from the tracks of my previous life, I would lose my rebirth advantage completely.”

But if he did not get rid of his arm, how would he get out of this situation, and counterattack under such dire circumstances?

Fang Yuan pondered, all sorts of people, incidents, cause and effect flickered in his mind.

Wang Xiao, Chou Jiu, Wu Shen Tong, Zhang San San, Long Qing Tian, Xiao Mang, Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing, Mo Wu Tian, Yan Jun, Feng Tian Yu…

Slavery Gu, jade sky Gu poison, land spirit, bronze hall, immortal essence, fixed star Gu, second aperture Gu, undefeated hundred battles Gu…

Numerous choices give birth to unlimited possibilities. Infinite possibilities affect each other.

Fang Yuan’s mind worked rapidly, all sorts of inspiration and scenarios happened in his head like lighting a flint in the darkness.

What should he do to protect himself, while maintaining the biggest benefits?

He thought and thought, expending his mental energy, in just a little bit of time, his ears were buzzing.

“Wait!” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s body shook.

“Maybe… take a step backwards, and the sea and sky becomes wider ? Should I consider this from a wider perspective?” An absurd thought appeared in this head.

“No way, if I do this, the risks are greater!” He shook his head, muttering as he denied this idea.

But this thought was rooted in his head, it continued to influence him.

“If I do this and manage to succeed, my gains will be overwhelming!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brilliantly.

But the next moment, he shook his head again: “If there is even an inch of calculation mistake in this plan, I will be completely finished, the consequences would be worse than falling into Tie Ruo Nan’s hands. The Spring Autumn Cicada has already been used, I cannot use rebirth again for a while…”

As he thought, Fang Yuan’s gaze became solemn and deep.

Suddenly, he laughed lightly: “To think that I, a great demonic leader in my time, am being so careful and worried now, afraid to execute my plans. As long as there is hope, I should be brave enough to do it. Only an overwhelming benefit can cause me to go forward relentlessly. Fortune and risks come together, why should I go slow and steady to build my foundation? I want to ascend to heaven in one step!”

“That’s right, this is the plan! Death without a proper burial if I fail, fly into the sky like a dragon if I succeed, and pave the way for my future plans. Hehehe, hahaha, life is but a few hundred years, it is all a grand gamble!”

“Little beast king, don’t be rash, we can talk this out. You want the path into Wu mountain, we can negotiate this, it can be discussed.” Wang Xiao underneath his feet begged.

Fang Yuan laughed at times, remained solemn at times, frowned at times, and went back to laughing happily at times. He scared this rank five Gu Master, the lord of Wu mountain, a great demonic expert to death.

In Wang Xiao’s heart, Fang Yuan was a maniac, a mentally ill person.

Demonic path is extreme, without a clan’s support, cultivation is difficult. At times they struggled at death’s door, they face great mental pressure. It is not uncommon for demonic Gu Masters to develop mental illnesses.

Especially when Fang Yuan talked to himself sometimes, or even made poems for himself, it intensified Wang Xiao’s worries.

Against a normal person, he had his ways to deal with them. But dealing with a madman, even a Gu Immortal has no confidence.

“Oh? You plan to tell me Wu mountain’s entrance?” Fang Yuan frowned, looking at Wang Xiao.

“Of course, but you have to let me off.” Wang Xiao saw a reaction from Fang Yuan and shouted anxiously.

“Hmph!” Fang Yuan’s gaze became sharp, pressing with his feet and with a crack, Wang Xiao’s head was smashed to bits.

Wang Xiao was a great expert, devious and cruel, cold and emotionless. To get him to say the correct entrance into Wu mountain, Zhang San San’s rank five slavery Gu was needed.

But in Fang Yuan’s new plan, Wang Xiao had been discarded, there is no need to waste time talking to him, thus he was directly killed.

A pity for Wang Xiao, the lord of Wu mountain yet he died so pathetically in Fang Yuan’s hands.

After killing Wang Xiao, Fang Yuan took his Gu and used beast strength placenta Gu, devouring his and Yun Luo Tian’s apertures.

“This way, beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude is eighty-three percent. In terms of immortal essence, we spent a little bit more than expected, slightly exceeding two portions. Ba Gui, you want me to stop?” Fang Yuan suddenly said.

Land spirit: “Eh? How did you know my thought?”

“Of course I know.” Fang Yuan snorted, leaking the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura: “Ba Gui, have a feel, what do you think this is?”

The land spirit was speechless!

“This, this is the aura of a rank six Immortal Gu! It seems… it seems to be the Spring Autumn Cicada… Spring Autumn Cicada is the seventh mysterious Gu in this world! You are a mere mortal, how can you possess such an Immortal Gu?”

In his past life, Fang Yuan spent a lot of time talking to Ba Gui, eventually failing to convince it, thus gambling and revealing his greatest trump card, convincing the land spirit.

This time, Fang Yuan revealed Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura from the start and went straight to the point: “Ba Gui, I will not lie to you, I am a future Gu Immortal, using the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth myself into the past.”

“What?!” Land spirit was shocked beyond words, the information was too great, it could not accept it so readily.

Fang Yuan’s expression was arrogant: “I came back from the future, I know everything. Ba Gui, I am your next master, I succeeded in refining the second aperture Gu in my previous life…”

Fang Yuan spoke.

In his last life, he convinced the land spirit, but now, he had the knowledge of the future, as well as the experience of refining second aperture Gu as evidence, the land spirit was quickly convinced.

“Young man, you really are my future master? Listening to your words, it seems you really succeeded in refining second aperture Gu! Regardless of whether you are lying to me, I am exhilarated. Because this means the success of second aperture Gu has been raised by thirty percent!” Land spirit said happily.

“Enough trash talk, Ba Gui, I came from the future, I know the dangers that are lurking. First, I need to kill a person!”

…

A moment later, Long Qing Tian died by Fang Yuan’s hands.

In his last life, this Long Qing Tian went into a weakened land and used the jade sky Gu, poisoning the blessed land and forming a loophole, causing great damage to the blessed land, and also causing Fang Yuan a lot of trouble.

This time, Fang Yuan struck immediately after rebirth. Before Long Qing Tian entered that weakened area, he used the heavenly power to restrict him and easily killed him.

“Young man, I am starting to believe you. You killed a dangerous threat prematurely. Sigh, the three kings modified the blessed land, my control over this land is not strong anymore. You could sense this danger and have the Spring Autumn Cicada, you really came from the future…” Land spirit exclaimed.

Fang Yuan sighed, land spirit was old and dying, it was like a dying old man, it could not compare to a young land spirit.

For example, it could not even detect the fixed star Gu on Fang Yuan’s arm.

Fang Yuan did not waste time with the land spirit, he worked quickly, taking Long Qing Tian’s Gu worms and devoured his aperture.

In his previous life, because of the jade sky Gu poison, Fang Yuan could not take the battle loot after killing Long Qing Tian. But this time, he acted early and Long Qing Tian could not use his Gu, thus Fang Yuan had no restrictions.

After looting Long Qing Tian, Fang Yuan gained several useful things.

Other than the aperture, his greatest loot was jade sky Gu.

This Gu was like a dark green bamboo stem, palm-sized and hollow in the middle, it gave off a smooth texture when held in one’s hands, like a piece of jade.

Rank five jade sky Gu originated from the immemorial era, it was extremely rare now. It had an extremely strong poison and there was barely any ways to deal with it, it could easily poison a person to death, causing them to fade into a green light.

This Gu had great use, Fang Yuan kept it carefully.

“Bai Gui, quickly transfer me to this place.”

The next moment, Fang Yuan appeared in front of the demonic enslavement path master, Zhang San San.

Zhang San San had not even reacted before Fang Yuan attacked, ending his life.

Fang Yuan killed and plundered the aperture, it was the same thing again, causing the beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude to rise again.

Zhang San San was a rank four Gu Master, but had a rank five slavery Gu. Fang Yuan’s greatest motive for killing him was this Gu.

With another flash, Fang Yuan appeared in front of killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.

“Eh? Little beast king! How did you…” Chou Jiu saw Fang Yuan and was taken aback, his expression extremely shocked.

Fang Yuan’s expression was plain as he used the rank five slavery Gu.

The slavery Gu exploded into a yellow light, landing on Chou Jiu.

Chou Jiu shouted: “F*ck! Rank five slavery Gu! You can kill me but not humiliate me , you want to enslave me, you are dreaming…”

He did not know that in the previous life, he begged Fang Yuan to use slavery Gu.

With the land spirit to suppress him, Chou Jiu could not use Gu worms, the slavery Gu was easily planted on him.

But to control a rank five Gu Master, it was not so easy, it was a contest of souls.

Chou Jiu resisted with all his strength, Fang Yuan’s soul trembled as he entered a stalemate.

Chou Jiu sneered, his forehead full of sweat: “Little beast king, you are too naive. For an enslavement path Gu master, the soul’s foundation is most important, the higher the better. It is not easy to control wild beasts, not to mention men. Man is the spirit of all beings, you want to control me who is a rank higher, it is wishful thinking, hehe… ahhh!”

Chou Jiu screamed in pain, as his smug laughter was terminated by Fang Yuan’s slap.

With this interference, the contest of souls tilted towards Fang Yuan’s advantage, as the yellow light merged into his body.

As long as it is fully merged, Chou Jiu would become Fang Yuan’s most loyal slave!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 401: Battle begins once more 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Chou Jiu was shocked, quickly concentrating his mind and pushing his soul, meditating resist this yellow light.

This yellow light was supported by Fang Yuan’s soul power, but he was young and had weaker foundations in his soul compared to this hundred year old monster Chou Jiu. To enslave Chou Jiu, it would not be an easy task.

But why would Fang Yuan not see this coming, he had his ways.

Piak piak piak, bam bam bam.

“Stop, you dare to hit me!”

“Kick my face again and I’ll fight it out with you…”

“F*cker, still kicking, I’ll kill you!!”

“Stop hitting , stop hitting me.”

“No, no more…”

Fang Yuan hit Chou Jiu until he rolled around, Chou Jiu could not use Gu worms but Fang Yuan had his strength path Gu worms available.

Comparing strength, Chou Jiu was not Fang Yuan’s match. Quickly, Chou Jiu’s face was bruised, and his distraction meant that the yellow light fused into his body more deeply.

“Hold on, I have to block it, once it fuses completely, I will be his slave, I will have no way out!” Chou Jiu squeezed into a ball as he allowed Fang Yuan to hit him, the strong sense of danger causing his hair to stand.

Just a tiny bit of light left, near his forehead unable to fuse properly.

Fang Yuan laughed coldly, suddenly saying: “Zeng Ah Niu, you don’t want revenge? Chen Jiu betrayed you and is living well with Shang Yan Fei.”

“You, how did you know?!” Chou Jiu was taken by surprise, the light quickly entering his body with this chance.

Chou Jiu’s expression instantly changed, kneeling before Fang Yuan.

“This subordinate greets master!”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily.

Success!

This rank five slavery Gu should be used on a rank five Gu Master to express its true worth.

Till now, Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang had not arrived yet. Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo and Wu Lan Shan were all killed by Fang Yuan, the final choice was Wang Xiao the owner of Wu mountain and killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.

But how could Wu mountain compare to the door of life and death? The door of life and death was a forbidden land on the same level as the river of time!

Enslaving Chou Jiu meant getting the clue to the door of life and death. Moreover, Chou Jiu is one of the four great doctors of southern border, his influence even spread to the righteous path, he was definitely better than Mo Wu Tian.

The only flaw was that enslaving Chou Jiu placed a great burden on Fang Yuan’s soul, it was a problem for his upcoming Immortal Gu refinement.

“Chou Jiu, back then did you use the poison vow Gu with Doctor Su Shou, swearing to love each other for eternity, never abandoning each other?” Fang Yuan looked at the killer ghost doctor, asking a question.

“There is indeed such a matter, but master, how did you know?” Chou Jiu kneeled on the ground and answered with a bruised face, feeling confused.

“Hmph, since you used the poison vow Gu, do you know how Doctor Su Shou lifted its restrictions?” Fang Yuan squinted his eyes.

“Poison vow Gu is mountain pledge sea oath Gu’s replacement, Chen Jiu does not have the ability to negate it. She took a great risk for that gigolo Shang Yan Fei, letting the poison vow kill her. Without a host, the poison vow’s strength vanished. She then used healing techniques to resurrect herself, getting free of the poison vow!”

Chou Jiu said this with a furious expression. He loved his senior sister greatly, but she betrayed him for a gigolo, even ignoring the dangers to her life and broke the poison vow.

Fang Yuan heard this and was even more furious than him, lifting his leg and kicking Chou Jiu away.

“You lying piece of shit!”

He remembered that in his previous life, Chou Jiu said this:

“We took an oath in front of the blessed land’s sea, to protect and stand by each other.”

“But who could have thought her heart had already changed and actually broke the oath we took at that time and injured me, defecting with that thief!”

What oath, it was the motherf*cking poison vow Gu!

This Chou Jiu only spoke of less important matters, making important information unclear and concealing himself. If he had said poison vow Gu back then, Fang Yuan reckons: He would not have been so unaware, not knowing that there was a person in Shang clan city that could break free from poison vow Gu, and thus he would’ve been careful of Bai Ning Bing.

“But I should’ve guessed it, when Chou Jiu talked about Shang Yan Fei’s appearance, he said that he was only slightly better looking. Saying such shameless words like it was natural, it was no surprise that he would not mention the Gu.”

Fang Yuan looked at Chou Jiu with contempt.

Saying he loved her, but used the poison vow Gu to restrict her, it showed how sinister and inferior his inner heart was. Such a person speaking with exaggerated truths was nothing strange.

Fang Yuan was also suspicious of how Bai Ning Bing broke free from the poison vow, even in his previous life Bai Ning Bing did not say the reason. Now Fang Yuan knew, it was Doctor Su Shou who helped her break free of it.

“Alright, let the past be past. Chou Jiu, go to King Xin Inheritance and get me undefeated hundred battles Gu.” Fang Yuan collected his thoughts and instructed.

“This subordinate will do all that he can!” Chou Jiu answered.

Chou Jiu was a healing Gu Master, he was not a refinement path master like Feng Tian Yu, it was impossible to ask him to assist Fang Yuan in refining second aperture Gu. But it was extremely easy for him to get the undefeated hundred battles Gu.

This is because the blessed land was weakening, not long later, Gu worms would be usable, Chou Jiu just needed to charge ahead and he would obtain undefeated hundred battles Gu.

At this point, Fang Yuan’s slaughter ended.

He returned to the hall and continue refining Gu.

Compared to his previous life, he saved a lot of time after rebirth. Without the Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure it was much easier.

Back then he only spent an hour a day, refining Gu like a maniac, forcing his own limits. But now he could sleep six hours, slowly and steadily, refining Gu with perfect sequence.

Days continued to pass, and the blessed land was getting weaker. But the immortal essence expenditure was much less than last time. Fang Yuan had his experience from the last time, he took less detours this time, many steps were completed in one try, and the land spirit was extremely amazed.

Three kings inheritance’s weird state attracted everyone’s attention.

As time went on, Che clan, Zuo clan moved out, and Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian also appeared on San Cha mountain.

Finally, October 24th came again.

“Master, this subordinate has succeeded!” Chou Jiu kneeled on the ground, holding up a Gu, handing it to Fang Yuan.

This Gu had a bland appearance, like a grey stone disc, it was none other than undefeated hundred battles Gu.

In his previous life, Feng Tian Yu who Fang Yuan enslaved obtained King Xin Inheritance and had several hundred hairy men as followers. Now, Chou Jiu was not a refinement path master, he broke through by force, only getting the undefeated hundred battles Gu, not a single hairy men followed him.

But the hairy men were good at Gu refinement, they could not battle. The hairy men’s line of defense was as good as nothing, Fang Yuan did not mind it.

After keeping undefeated hundred battles Gu, Fang Yuan gave instructions before sending Chou Jiu away. This process was done in the dark, Bai Ning Bing did not learn of it.

Fang Yuan returned to the bronze hall, and Bai Ning Bing had already arrived.

Behind her, there were a hundred thousand dog beasts, either resting or playing around.

Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Bai Ning Bing, hand your Gu worms to the land spirit.”

“What?” Bai Ning Bing was shocked: “Aren’t I commanding these dogs?”

“The land spirit can use Gu worms, its manipulation is better than yours.” Fang Yuan explained.

Land spirit appeared, slightly worried: “Young man, I have to refine Gu with you while controlling the immortal essence, if I have to expend effort controlling the dogs, I might not have the energy to do so.”

Fang Yuan snickered, his expression extremely confident: “No worries, aren’t you confident of my actions? Among the enemies I have my pawn pieces too. There are sufficient primeval stones here for you to manipulate the dogs.”

“Is that so…” Ba Gui hesitated, but thinking of Fang Yuan’s secret identity, he agreed in the end.

“As for you Bai Ning Bing, come with me. When I refine Gu, I need a trustworthy person to defend me.” Fang Yuan patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder, showing a kind and affectionate smile.

Bai Ning Bing snorted, her gaze shining secretly, as she said in a flat tone: “Up to you, as long as you don’t die, whether the Gu refinement succeeds or not is none of my business.”

Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered the hall together.

Fang Yuan sat down as Bai Ning Bing acted as his guardian.

Fang Yuan shut his eyes, not doing anything.

“What are you waiting for? There is not much time.” Bai Ning Bing endured for a while before breaking the silence.

“Ning Bing, stay calm, some things cannot be rushed.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly, no anxiety at all as he spoke plainly.

Bai Ning Bing snorted, not speaking, her eyes squinting, thinking in her heart:“What is this Fang Yuan thinking of? He took away my commanding rights, is he suspicious of me? No, he arranged for me to be in the hall, he still trusts me! I have to continue enduring.”

She thought of Tie Ruo Nan, feeling assured: “She is blocked by the dog groups outside now, without my assistance, she can only break through by force. Damn it, he did not let me control the dogs. Thankfully, we have a backup plan, Tie Bai Qi is already secretly on San Cha mountain.”

A moment later, Fang Yuan was calm and resting, not doing anything.

This time, even the land spirit came to urge Fang Yuan to refine the Gu.

But Fang Yuan rejected him, not doing anything.

Land spirit was anxious, its tone became slightly angry, but Fang Yuan used his rebirth identity to convince it.

At this time, on San Cha mountain peak.

Blue, red light pillars were thin and weak, still shining on the mountain peak. King Quan inheritance’s yellow pillar was gone.

The previous time, only red pillar was left, that was because Feng Tian Yu took King Xin Inheritance. But this time, Chou Jiu was not a refinement master, he could not break through the final round, thus two pillars were left.

“I wonder who took King Quan Inheritance!”

“Two left, us smallfry have no chance…”

“But it is really strange, none of the rank five Gu Masters in the inheritance came out, did something happen?”

“That’s right, King Quan Inheritance was inherited, but why did the others not come out?”

“They are being retained inside the blessed land. This blessed land is facing destruction, soon the door will open, allowing us to enter and exit at will.” A voice echoed.

“It is Lord Xiao Mang!” Someone cheered, recognising the person’s identity.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 402: All is within my control 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Extreme light Gu!

Heaven’s will Gu!

Empty fist Gu!

Killer move — Immemorial Light Fist!!

Xiao Mang stood at the peak of San Cha mountain and used his killer move, causing the sky to dim.

Light rays formed into a giant hill-sized fist and pierced through the blessed land’s barrier.

In an instant, the whole blessed land shook and an enormous hole formed forming a passage connecting the inside to the outside. Gu Masters could enter through it without any obstructions!

“Charge, everything in the blessed land is ours!”

“We need to hurry, or else we won’t be able to seize anything.”

“Unfortunately, the good stuff will be taken by those experts. It will be good if they leave just the soup for us.”

“How nice would it be If I can luckily obtain King Xin and King Bao Inheritance!”

It was a scene of chaos; countless people cheered while rushing into the blessed land, causing the pressure on the blessed to greatly increase.

“This is it, hehehe, a bunch of idiots!” Xiao Mang laughed coldly inwardly and stepped into the blessed land.

The bronze hall also recovered from the tremors.

Land spirit transmitted its voice to Fang Yuan: “So you were waiting for this tremor to pass, it was really dangerous! If it was during the Gu refinement process, it would have caused a huge disturbance and the consequences would be too terrible to imagine. You are truly a Gu Immortal who has been reborn.”

Fang Yuan smiled and transmitted a mental message: “I am not only a Gu Immortal, but also your future master. Ba Gui, you need to know I am the best candidate for refining the Immortal Gu. The more you cooperate with me, the higher our chance of refining the Immortal Gu. Now, I remember there will be two more tremors, we need to avoid them as much as possible. Alright, let’s begin the Gu refinement!”

Fang Yuan threw the false second aperture Gu into the cauldron.

With the land spirit’s cooperation, the bronze cauldron burned without any fire and the remaining bit of immortal essence started combusting!

Immortal essence combusted and formed into a blue smoke that gracefully rose and covered the false second aperture Gu.

The false Gu floated above the bronze cauldron and was turned into dazzling yellow light by this blue smoke.

Fang Yuan concentrated his attention in harmonizing the blue smoke and yellow light.

Previously, he refined the Gu together with Feng Tian Yu, now he was doing it alone and was thus slightly slower.

 …

Mo Wu Tian arrived at the edge of the dense fog by himself.

His deep and mysterious purple eyes were enchanting and wild. Through his purple eyes, the fog seemed to be invisible and the sea of dog beasts showed themselves in his sight.

“Such a tight defensive formation, one man alone cannot charge through it, it seems I will need to borrow strength!”

He resolutely turned around and after a while found Hu Mei Er.

“Ah! Young master Wu Tian, you have actually advanced to rank five!” Hu Mei Er was shocked at Mo Wu Tian’s cultivation progress.

Mo Wu Tian talked of the immortal treasure and was able to immediately incite the desire in Hu Mei Er who expressed her full support.

However, when they were on their way, they found that the news about the immortal treasure had already spread.

The two inquired about the details and learned the news was released by the killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu. Right now, he had already gathered a huge group of demonic Gu Masters and was heading towards the bronze hall.

Mo Wu Tian furrowed his brows. Most of the demonic path Gu Masters had already gone with Chou Jiu, and thus he was only able to gather a few people.

Moreover, talking of influence, he was no match for Chou Jiu.

Mo Wu Tian was after all a newcomer while Chou Jiu was an old veteran who had roamed around Southern Border for many years and was also one of the four great doctors. Most of the people would have favors to ask of him and he had some influence even in the righteous path.

With no choice, Mo Wu Tian could only join with Chou Jiu’s group.

“With little brother Mo Wu Tian’s help, these mere dog beasts are of no worry to us!” Chou Jiu welcomed Mo Wu Tian enthusiastically.

Mo Wu Tian’s brows furrowed deeply as he was used as a target board for Chou Jiu. But nevermind, if he endured this and helped out, they would be able to get to the main hall quicker.

The huge crowd of demonic Gu Masters looked majestic, but they did not immediately charge towards the main hall but instead remained there.

“Sir Chou Jiu, time doesn’t wait for anyone, why are we not charging in towards the hall?” Mo Wu Tian’s brows had furrowed into a knot as he urged.

Chou Jiu said with a chuckled: “More people means bigger strength, there are still many of our people that have not joined us. We need to absorb their strength to become even stronger. When we charge at that time, the pressure and danger each person faces will be much less.”

Mo Wu Tian urged again but Chou Jiu just chuckled and replied politely, not yielding the least bit.

Mo Wu Tian started to feel anxious, he tried several more times but Chou Jiu remained firm.

“This old fool does not know the value of time!” Mo Wu Tian repressed his anger and immediately contacted Hu Mei Er, Li Xian and others to agitate and incite everyone, making them even more impatient.

Chou Jiu had no way to deal with it since he could not directly go against everyone’s intent, and could only lead a group of demonic Gu Masters to arrive at the edge of the fog.

Mo Wu Tian observed for a while and again made the strategy to divide the crowd in three groups, and so on.

Chou Jiu, however, said it was not a good idea and that the fog was too dense to understand the actual situation. As a doctor, he had his morals as a healer, he could not bear to see everyone risking themselves and delivering themselves to death.

Mo Wu Tian stomped his feet in anger and went to contact everyone and incite them with the allure of the immortal treasure.

The demonic Gu Masters’ mood was agitated, Chou Jiu also took advantage of the situation to push the responsibility for this matter to Mo Wu Tian and chose the people who would charge forward. However, he put a condition that only those who were willing could go forward and they could not be forced.

The demonic crowd readily agreed and moved towards the three paths according to Mo Wu Tian’s arrangement.

“Not good, someone is attacking from outside!” When the refinement was going on, the land spirit’s voice suddenly arrived.

“No need to worry, I have already anticipated this situation, go take charge of the battle outside, I will stabilize the Gu refinement for the moment and wait for you to rotate with me.” Fang Yuan’s expression was calm.

The land spirit divided most of its concentration in commanding the dog beasts according to Fang Yuan’s instructions and beat back the demonic crowd just like in previous life.

Mo Wu Tian was unresigned and again formed the second assault group, but they still met with great losses and returned defeatedly.

Chou Jiu came forward at this moment: “Everyone knows my rule, I take one life for every life I save. Right now, I will treat everyone first and hope you all can fulfill the promise later.”

Finished speaking, he started healing everyone.

The demonic crowd was moved to tears. Chou Jiu’s influence increased rapidly and even more people left Mo Wu Tian to side with Chou Jiu.

Chou Jiu patted Mo Wu Tian’s shoulder and said in a kind voice: “Brother Wu Tian, do you see it now? I advised you earlier to not take the risk. Now, so many of our comrades have lost their lives, it makes me so sad.”

His voice was quite loud which caused Mo Wu Tian’s eye to twitch and his anger reached an extreme level.

“This old sinister fool! If I was successful in breaking through these beasts, it would be his contribution; and now that I failed, he is avoiding all the responsibility! Hmph, I did underestimate these beasts. I had thought the formation was a weak one, and had never thought that there was a Gu Master controlling them from behind. Such a fast adaptation speed and method, this person is definitely someone with deep attainment in enslavement path. Damn it, this is really hateful!”

Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth but could do nothing.

In the previous life, he was able to use force and threat to make the demonic Gu Masters throw their lives. However, with rank five Chou Jiu here now, he was not able to be so unrestrained.

“Let’s wait. Righteous path Gu Masters will also soon gather together and we can discuss it with them. After all, we only have one life, in case we charge through and let the righteous path get the benefits, it would be really bad.” Chou Jiu spoke his plan.

“Lord killer ghost doctor is right.”

“Lord killer ghost doctor is indeed benevolent and cherishes the lives of us small characters.”

“Doctors have their healer morals, Lord killer ghost doctor is after all a senior of our demonic path…”

Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth till they made cracking sounds, he really wished he could kill this old bastard.

Like this, the time was delayed for a good while until the righteous path Gu Masters gathered under the lead of Xiao Mang.

They charged through several times but also returned in defeat. Xiao Mang was getting anxious while thinking of the unopened King Bao Inheritance and again used his killer move.

Extreme light Gu!

My will Gu!

Bright spear Gu!

Killer move — My Glorious Spear!!

A 1.8m long and 0.6m thick spear of light landed on the mound.

An intense explosion occurred with shockwaves blowing away everything. After the dazzling light dispersed, the fog that covered the mound also dispersed.

The bronze hall and the majestic dog beasts were revealed before everyone’s eyes in their full glory.

Righteous and demonic crowd felt their hearts thumping in excitement but also turned cold at the scene. The immortal treasure was in front of them but how could they charge through such an enormous dog beast formation.

It could only be done if the righteous and demonic allied.

Those with experience all thought of this.

Xiao Mang looked at the demonic path’s direction and Mo Wu Tian also glanced at the righteous path.

It was clear they needed to ally, but they had to see which side would compromise first.

Time passed by minutes and seconds…

Chou Jiu calmly watched the dog beasts while Xiao Mang’s expression was solemn as he closed his eyes to recuperate. He was the young master of the grand Xiao clan, a famous figure among the righteous path, how could he lower his head towards the demonic path first? If words spread later, his reputation would have a great hit.

“The second tremor has gone, Ba Gui, my secret chess piece has showed its use and for a short time, they won’t attack. Let’s continue the refinement!” Fang Yuan summoned the land spirit.

While the righteous and demonic path were in a stalemate, Fang Yuan once again resumed the refinement.

At this moment, the blue smoke and the yellow light had finally blended with each other.

The blue smoke turned into beads of grass that floated in the air and started growing. The yellow light turned into flowers that fluttered and fell into the grass.

Fang Yuan took out a dagger and cut his artery, bleeding out his own essence blood.

Large amounts of essence blood infused into smoke. The blue smoke and yellow light immediately let out sizzling sounds and turned into a red cloud, like a wave of blood sea.

The blood surged and turned into a sphere that floated in the air without spreading.

After a round of evolution, the smoke sphere settled down and formed a field with abundant red wheat growing in it.

Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air when he saw this.

He had lost a lot of blood which caused his face to pale. He immediately used a Gu to heal his wound.

“Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn…” He took out a lifespan Gu.

This was a three hundred years lifespan Gu which looked like roots with rough texture, like a snake that was coiled into a circle.

Fang Yuan threw it into the smoke in blood field, the cloud of smoke immediate started raging like boiling water.

In previous life, this strange change had nearly caused Fang Yuan to fail. Now, however, Fang Yuan had was mentally prepared and easily controlled the situation. Under his control, the cloud of smoke gradually settled down.

However, right at this time, the land spirit suddenly warned: “Not good, those Gu Masters have started attacking together! There might not be time to refine Gu.”

“No need to worry, everything is under my control.” Fang Yuan coldly smiled and took out the second lifespan Gu.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 403: Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough? 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Killlllll…”

“Charge through!”

“Kill these goddamn dogs!”

Shouting, screaming, shrieking, cursing, dog barking, all these sounds merged into one, causing the ground to tremble.

The attack had just begun for ten minutes, but the mound was already overflowing with blood and corpses.

“Sir Chou Jiu, we are slow, with this kind of pace, when will we ever get into the bronze hall!” Mo Wu Tian urged.

Chou Jiu snickered: “The dog groups are huge, is it that easy to get through? It is better that we are slow, the righteous path will take on more pressure for us, we can benefit from the chaos better.”

Chou Jiu was already Fang Yuan’s slave, his greatest wish is to continue stalling for time.

Earlier, the righteous and demonic factions were at a stalemate, but this Mo Wu Tian had to ruin it by finding Xiao Mang to cooperate. Chou Jiu could not stop him, he could only go with the flow.

After starting the assault, he tried his best to slow them down.

They had planned to attack from two directions, but because of killer ghost doctor’s manipulation, it caused the righteous faction to be further in the advancement, thus taking more hits. Meanwhile, the demonic path had less losses, but the assault’s momentum was slowly, they were in danger of being surrounded.

“Chou Jiu, what are you thinking of! You are too muddled, we have to charge with vigor, how can we move so slowly? You are old and confused, can’t you see? Our group is already in deep trouble, once our movement stops, we will be surrounded, we will be in greater danger than the righteous path!” Mo Wu Tian was stomping his feet in anger, shouting.

Chou Jiu stared with his eyes wide open, shouting back: “Mo Wu Tian, you junior, why are you screaming for nothing, what do you know? Doing it your way, how many people did we lose earlier! Later when we compete with the righteous faction for the immortal treasure, they will be our enemy, we have to weaken them!”

Saying so, Chou Jiu’s tone changed, consoling softly: “Oh young man, it is not wise to charge ahead recklessly.”

Because of what happened earlier, the majority of the demonic Gu Masters supported Chou Jiu and objected to Mo Wu Tian.

Mo Wu Tian’s heart was furious, as he raised his head and screamed: “Old fool Chou Jiu, we have different opinions! You all can wait here and die, I am going to get my immortal treasure!”

Saying so, he moved ahead and charged towards the bronze hall.

Hu Mei Er, Li Xian and the others felt that Mo Wu Tian was right, they wanted to go ahead but their strength was insufficient, they could only go with the crowd.

“Youngsters are so rash.” Chou Jiu sighed, then laughed: “Look, after being psyched by me, he is taking on the pressure for us. We will steadily move ahead, using the road that he paved for us, perfect!”

Everyone laughed, praising Chou Jiu’s brilliance.

Countless dogs formed into a wave, as thousands of Gu Masters resisted them.

Blood flowed and broken limbs flew. All sorts of Gu worms competed, like the dance of fire and ice, lightning exploded and soil was overturned, green vines grew endlessly.

Yi Chong’s body was covered in blue fish scales, black fins growing on his back with a light blue spiral wave around him. He seemed to have become a fearsome shark in the sea, charging ahead fearlessly.

Yi Huo turned into the god of fire, charging ahead as he slaughtered, everywhere he went, there was blazing flames and crying dogs.

Yan Jun used the phantom path Gu worm, turning into a hollow shadow as he evaded attacks again and again, safe and sound.

Li Xian used his rank five Gu and concealed his body while people were not noticing.

Kong Ri Tian turning into a rain of petals, floating in the sky.

The experts displayed all their abilities, getting close to the bronze hall. Among them, two were at the frontlines, and were the most prominent.

It was none other than Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian.

But good times did not last, Ba Huang and Ying Ming, the two dog emperors appeared, blocking their advancement like last time.

“It is time.” At the frontlines, Tie Ruo Nan was bathed in blood as she stopped her footsteps, resting as she breathed heavily.

Tie clan’s four old-timers were guarding by her side, other than that, there was Tie Bai Qi.

“We are a few thousand steps from the bronze hall, there are many dogs here, it is up to you, Lord Tie Bai Qi.” Tie Ruo Nan said.

“Hehehe, I have been watching the whole time, my hands are itching already!” Tie Bai Qi took off his hat, showing off the third eye on his forehead.

Pew!

He activated his Gu worm, pushing the space before him with both hands, forming a black hole.

The black hole continued to spin, as numerous white apes jumped out.

The white ape army gushed out, forming into a strong formation as it charged towards the bronze hall.

“Young master, go ahead. I will block them here.” TIe Bai Qi’s tone was confident and powerful.

“We’ll be counting on you, the Immortal Gu is most important, for the clan, we have to arrest Fang Yuan alive!” Tie Ruo Nan gritted her teeth, waving her hand and bringing the Tie clan four old-timers and starting their invasion.

With the white ape army to cover for them and sacrifice, Tie Ruo Nan successfully made it into the hall.

Fang Yuan was still refining Gu, he could not do anything else!

Land spirit wanted to strike, but Fang Yuan stopped it: “Ba Gui, don’t force yourself! You have to control the dog groups while manipulating the immortal essence to assist me in refining Gu, how can you be further distracted? Bai Ning Bing, it will be up to you now, go block her!”

Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, squinting her eyes as he blocked Tie Ruo Nan, engaging in fierce combat.

In the space before Fang Yuan, cloud smoke was moving violently.

In his previous life, he had already used third watch Gu by this time. But now, without Feng Tian Yu’s help, Fang Yuan’s progress was extremely slow, he had just thrown in the five hundred year lifespan Gu.

Without the refinement master Feng Tian Yu, Fang Yuan felt difficulty controlling the cloud smoke.

The cloud smoke reacted violently, causing Fang Yuan to almost fail several times, but he managed to salvage it every time.

Behind him, as Tie and Bai fought, Tie clan’s four old-timers joined in.

Bai Ning Bing could not rival them, as she fell into a disadvantage, shouting: “Fang Zheng, I can’t hold them back anymore, how long more do you need!”

The cloud smoke had finally absorbed the lifespan Gu, turning into the blood fields, golden wheat, filled with crops. It was the ‘five hundred years as autumn’ scene.

Fang Yuan’s voice was nervous: “Hang in there, I need a lot of time!”

“If I die, you will not live too…” Bai Ning Bing cursed continuously.

Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: “I can’t continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!”

“Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?” Fang Yuan was startled.

“What do you think!” Bai Ning Bing cursed.

The cloud smoke was slowly maturing, dissipating. From a water tank’s size, it shrunk to a basin’s size.

“Try to hold on, unless you can’t control it anymore, don’t…” Fang Yuan shouted.

“It is too late.” Bai Ning Bing sighed deeply.

Crack crack…

Frost quickly gathered, as the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decrease rapidly.

“What Gu is this?” Tie Ruo Nan’s cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan’s ears.

Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.

The cold wind blustered and glacier rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.

“Is this the legendary Northern Dark Ice Soul physique?” Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.

The ice continued spreading towards Fang Yuan.

“Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!” Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.

Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.

“Damn it!” Fang Yuan cursed, standing up and sending the Yang Gu towards Bai Ning Bing.

But halfway, the Yang Gu made a u-turn, and returned to Fang Yuan’s right hand.

At the same time, the cloud smoke turned into a Gu worm, landing on Fang Yuan’s left hand.

This Gu was like a peanut shell, golden and dazzling, the markings on the surface resembles bright red blood traces.

Earlier, the fake second aperture Gu could only live for a week, and was not stable. But this new Gu could survive for forty years!

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed, using liquid metal Gu and blocking the frost.

Then he said to Bai Ning Bing: “Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?”

The frost came to a stop.

Fang Yuan laughed again, saying: “Did you have a good time cooperating with Tie clan?”

This time, Bai Ning Bing could not longer act, she turned back into flesh body and stared at Fang Yuan with a shocked and solemn suspicion: “How did you!”

“In Shang clan city, you purposely lost to Yan Tu, getting Doctor Su Shou’s help to remove the poison vow, and then secretly contacted Tie Ruo Nan. On San Cha mountain, you plotted together with the four old-timers… all these, did you think I was ignorant?” Fang Yuan played with the two Gu in his hands as he said.

Bai Ning Bing landed on the ground with a dazed expression, stunned beyond words.

“How did Fang Yuan find out all these? I was extremely secretive. This means, he was always watching coldly at my performance! Wait, I succeeded in planting the fixed star Gu though…”

“Fang Yuan, you demon, so what if you found out! You can’t escape today, there is nowhere to run!” Tie Ruo Nan saw that the matter was exposed and quickly broke out of the ice, as the four old-timers joined her.

Fang Yuan chuckled, raising his left arm: “You mean the fixed star Gu? What if I chop off my arm?”

Tie clan’s four old-timers frowned deeply.

Once Fang Yuan chopped off his arm, even if they used their killer move, they would only get his arm.

According to their understanding of Fang Yuan, sacrificing his left forearm was nothing to this cruel and wicked person.

“Hahaha!” Tie Ruo Nan suddenly laughed.

She pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: “Fang Yuan, stop trying to deceive us! So what if you saw through our scheme? The dog group outside the hall cannot block the two factions. Soon, Xiao Mang, Chou Jiu, Mo Wu Tian, Yi Huo, Yi Chong and the others would charge in, can you defend the Immortal Gu?”

“You are a frenzied lunatic, killing so many Gu Masters and plundering their apertures to refine Gu. These crimes are unforgivable, Bai Ning Bing is the best witness! As long as we announce it to the world, you will be a wanted criminal everywhere. More importantly, your Immortal Gu is not done refining yet!”

“Do you still have a chance of succeeding? Impossible! You have no time left, not long later, this hall will be overrun by people, where can you run to? Try flying out? Hehe, you only way out now is to surrender to our Tie clan, and contribute that half-done Immortal Gu to us, as well as surrender the old clan leader’s Gu worms, and enter the Demon Suppression Tower for reform, that’s the only way you can keep your life.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 404: Refining Immortal Gu again! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tie Ruo Nan took a step forward and looked with a gaze that was sharp as a knife: “Fang Yuan, you are a smart man, you should be clear of your situation!”

“I am indeed clear of my situation.” Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil: “And I am even more clear of your situation.”

His lips revealed a trace of cold smile: “Immortal Gu refinement has indeed not finished, but this has let me preserve more portions of immortal essence, enough for me to kill you all!”

However, right at this time, Ba Gui appeared and spoke with a tearful expression: “No use, it is no use. There will be too much loss in immortal essence to kill them and the remaining amount won’t be able to support the Gu refinement. Furthermore, it is late now, there are too many holes in the blessed land and it will completely collapse and disperse into smoke not long later.”

Its biggest obsession was to complete the refinement of second aperture Gu, it did not even care about its own destruction.

Right now, Fang Yuan had only refined to this stage and the crucial step still remained which was also the most difficult step; but the situation no longer allowed him to continue.

“Young man, you made a grave mistake in your calculations, our Immortal Gu refinement is a failure!” The land spirit howled in grief.

“Refining Immortal Gu? Never expected it to be so lively here.” Yan Jun calmly stepped into the main hall.

In the previous life, he had been obstructed by Feng Tian Yu, but now with no obstructions, he walked freely into the bronze hall.

“Heheh, Fang Yuan, you are not the blessed land’s master, thus the land spirit will not completely obey your commands. Since young clan leader Yan Jun has arrived, the others also won’t be far. Today, your loss is certain.” Tie Ruo Nan had some fear towards the land spirit and could only continue to engage in psychological battle.

“No, there is still hope, the Gu refinement can’t be considered a failure.” Fang Yuan suddenly smiled.

He moved his gaze towards Bai Ning Bing.

Bai Ning Bing’s heart tightened; if Fang Yuan used Yang Gu to force her to fight to the death, what course of path should she take?

However, Fang Yuan’s gaze moved past Bai Ning Bing and turned towards the land spirit Ba Gui.

This aged Ba Gui was looking awful right now after crying, appearing extremely broken-hearted.

“Ba Gui, do you still want to refine second aperture Gu or not?” Fang Yuan transmitted his voice.

“Could, could it be that you have some way?” Ba Gui suddenly felt a trace of hope: “That’s right, you are a reborn Gu Immortal, and with your previous life’s experience, you should have expected this situation right!”

“No, the situation is beyond my expectations. The current me is only a mortal and I am unable to make a difference.” Fang Yuan said frankly, “Ba Gui, I have failed you, the Gu refinement this time is indeed a failure.”

The land spirit started wailing even louder.

However, Fang Yuan immediately changed the topic: “But this failure is only temporary, we can still have hope.”

The land spirit’s crying softened as it asked: “What do you mean?”

“After you die, I will be the only person who knows the recipe. The half-finished second aperture Gu is also with me, so Ba Gui, you must protect me.”

“Of course I have to protect you! You are the only person who satisfied the requirements of the blessed land and are also a reborn Gu Immortal, there is a huge chance of the refinement of the second aperture Gu succeeding in the future even if it is a failure this time.” The land spirit answered as a matter of fact.

“Good. it is is great that you have this understanding. However, you can only protect me for a period but not forever. Not long later, you will die. With the remaining immortal essence, we also cannot completely root out all the enemies in the blessed land. Even if you transport me to the outside world, there are many groups of Gu Masters on San Cha mountain.” The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a sinister smile.

Since the rebirth this time, everything was going smoothly. As he inched closer to success, he could not help but feel a trace of excitement.

“Then how do you want me to protect you?” The land spirit asked.

Fang Yuan chuckled and said profoundly: “Ba Gui, do you remember the third section of the second chapter of the >?”

The land spirit was dazed as it guessed Fang Yuan’s meaning, it said with hesitation: “You are saying… no, that won’t work, there are two conditions that are not fulfilled. First of all, you need the light of glory of the immemorial era.”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed satisfiedly at this, he raised his hand and pointed to the top of the bronze hall and shouted, “Look, the light is here!”

From the moment he stood up, he had inwardly asked the land spirit to share its vision, thus the situation outside was very clear to him.

Afterward, the talk with the Tie clansmen and others were only delaying the time and waiting for a good opportunity.

This was already the third time Fang Yuan had used Spring Autumn Cicada and by accumulating his experience, he had an even deeper understanding of rebirth.

There was indeed a butterfly effect to the aftermath of rebirth that could cause some things to change completely. However, there was also historical inertia; many great events that occurred were conflicts that accumulated over time, they only lacked a trigger point. Even without the original trigger, a new one would always appear. This was not something a person alone could influence and change easily.

Outside the main hall.

Xiao Mang was getting impatient fighting with Ying Ming and flew to the sky.

Rank four, gather light Gu.

Rank five, extreme light Gu.

Rank five, river under the sun Gu.

Killer move — Torrential Light Stream!

The river of light rolled and crashed as it poured down towards the blessed land.

The light was blinding, and the waves were fierce, it turned the entire battlefield white, and everyone closed their eyes, unable to resist such a strong light.

“Not good!” Tie Ruo Nan and others were in the main hall, Tie Bai Qi tried to stop it when he saw this, but the light river’s formation was already complete and he could only reduce its impact by a little.

The grand light river was like a waterfall, crashing heavily on the bronze hall.

The roof of the hall was immediately broken through, and the light waterfall flew towards Fang Yuan.

“The light of glory of the immemorial era!” The land spirit cried out in shock.

Fang Yuan laughed loudly and poured his primeval essence into rank four bone wings Gu and rank five liquid metal Gu.

A pair of long and wide black wings spread out from his back, while the liquid metal covered his whole body like paint, spreading towards the black wings and dying his whole body with dazzling golden light.

“He, what is he doing?”

“Fang Yuan!”

In Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing and the others’ astonished gazes, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and flew directly towards the river of light!

Bam!

There was loud buzzing in his ears and the formidable impact forced Fang Yuan backwards.

However, he had killed many rank five Gu Masters before and obtained many movement Gu like golden aurora Gu and so on. Right now, he activated them all and flew against the flow of the waterfall, flying higher and higher.

When he flew out of the bronze hall, it immediately attracted countless gasps and doubts.

“What is that thing?”

“It is flashing with golden light and looks like a large bird!”

“No, that is a person, a warrior that has been soaked in molten gold!”

There was only a vast sea of whiteness in Fang Yuan’s sight. His primeval essence was depleting rapidly by activating so many movement Gu and defensive Gu.

” Time and tide wait for no man , land spirit help me, divine travel Gu!”

Immortal Gu divine travel landed on his palm.

“Jade sky Gu!”

A ray of green light shot out from his aperture and landed on his hand, turning into a jade-green colored bamboo that was hollow in the middle.

“What in the world is he trying to do? He actually faced the killer move head-on and flew up!” Tie Ruo Nan stared with wide-opened eyes, expressing her shock.

“Did little beast king give up, and is trying to end his life?” Yan Jun’s jaws were wide open as he looked up in a daze.

“Something’s up, I understand him! Everything Fang Yuan does has extremely deep meaning! No matter what, we can’t let him have his way, we must disrupt this!” Bai Ning Bing’s tone was hurried and for some reason, the bad feeling in her heart continued to become stronger.

Tie Ruo Nan nodded and agreed with Bai Ning Bing’s words.

“Four old-timers!” She shouted.

“Understood!” The four old-timers immediately moved separately towards east, south, west and north directions; they kneeled on the ground and held their right wrist with their left hand, their right hands were spread out in a claw form and faced each other.

Killer move — Infinite search and lock!

Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan’s left arm shone with an eerie-blue light; one could vaguely see the fixed star Gu on it.

This Gu was a star fragment of the immemorial era, it was like an eight-sided diamond and was crystal clear!

At the same time, all around Fang Yuan, space tore apart and four chains appeared, moving like pythons.

“Finally reacting at this point? Hmph, too late!” Fang Yuan gave a cold smile.

Divine travel Gu suddenly flew and pierced into his left arm, swallowing the fixed star Gu.

The four old timers coughed out blood as they lost the connection with the fixed star Gu.

The four chains moving beside Fang Yuan also lost their target and flew about carelessly before they were destroyed by the river of light.

After the divine travel Gu ate fixed star Gu, it went into the hollow jade sky Gu and rapidly formed a cocoon.

“Huh? There is a strange person flying directly towards my killer move?!” Xiao Mang was indescribably shocked. Others often did not have enough time to dodge his killer move but now there was actually a fool who was facing it head-on!

“Who is this guy? What is he trying to do?” Yi Huo, Yi Chong and the others stared at the sky with stupefied looks.

“Wait a second, this scene, where did I see it before!” Li Xian frowned deeply, a ray of light flashed in his astute mind.

“How could this be, he seems to be… refining Gu?” Feng Tian Yu looked up for a while and after seeing somewhat clearly he immediately became shocked.

“He is actually refining Gu using the killer move, his courage knows no bounds!” Mo Wu Tian’s eyes shot out purple light that extended two inches into the air.

That’s right, Fang Yuan was refining Gu.

This was Fang Yuan’s plan.

When he enslaved killer ghost doctor, it was certain the second aperture Gu’s refinement would fail.

Because at the last step of merging with divine travel Gu, Fang Yuan was not able to accomplish it by just himself. Previously, he had the help of refinement path grandmaster Feng Tian Yu and the assistance of the land spirit, before he was able to barely finish it.

Now, he did not have Feng Tian Yu’s help, thus this step was destined to fail!

However, after rebirth, Fang Yuan had never truly thought of refining second aperture Gu.

He deceived the land spirit and intentionally delayed time to create such a special situation to convince the land spirit and refine this Gu.

Similar to the second aperture Gu, this Gu was also an Immortal Gu whose recipe was recorded in chapter two section three of >!

> was the first classic of the Gu world!

It appeared to be a story when one first read it but it actually held profound messages, recording the secrets of the ancient times and all kinds of Gu. Some Gu were directly described like wisdom Gu, strength Gu and so on. While some Gu were hidden, their descriptions were very vague, requiring the readers to dig through it and study carefully.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The light of glory of the immemorial era shone on the cocoon.

Absorbing the glory of the immemorial era, the cocoon was undergoing a mystical change.

Fang Yuan’s body was shining in golden brilliance, swimming up against the flow of the torrential light stream. Facing the strong killer move of a rank five Gu Master, liquid metal Gu’s defense was starting to become useless.

The golden protection was washed away by the light eventually.

Especially the bone wings, it slowly revealed its original black color after being washed by the torrential light stream.

In the grand waterfall of light, a lone body was flying with great difficulty while facing great pressure.

Such a mystical sight naturally attracted many Gu Master’s attention.

The battlefield slowly turned silent.

Land spirit assisted Fang Yuan fully, after the dogs lost their master, they scattered. All the Gu Masters stood on the spot, raising their heads and watching.

In their hearts, they had one question — “This scenario, I have obviously not seen it before, yet why do I find it so familiar?”

“I remember, I remember now!” Suddenly, someone shouted: “This scene was recorded in the legends of Ren Zu, that’s why it is so familiar!”

>, the number one classic in the world, spread throughout the world widely, no one was unfamiliar with it.

Getting such a reminder, many people realized at once.

“That’s right, this was recorded in Ren Zu’s second chapter, third section.”

“I remember now, Verdant Great Sun flapped his wings and bathed in the light of glory in order to refine fixed immortal travel Gu, flying towards the sun.”

People recalled, laughing immediately.

“What is this person doing? Copying Verdant Great Sun, and disregarding his life?”

“Haha, don’t tell me he is thinking of refining fixed immortal travel Gu?”

“How is that possible! He has divine travel Gu?”

Of course Fang Yuan had it!

But divine travel Gu was not enough, it was recorded in > —

Verdant Great Sun was afraid that divine travel Gu would send him to dangerous places while he was drunk. Divine travel Gu was ashamed because of this, thus directing him: “Go up into the sky, and in the azure heaven among the nine heavens, there is a bamboo forest. Inside the bamboo forest, pluck a jade bamboo that is jade sky in color. Next, go to blue heaven and during the night time, collect the eight-sided diamonds inside the star fragments. Next, when it is dawn, fly into the sky and use the light of glory of the rising sun to turn me into fixed immortal travel Gu. Once I become that Gu, I will no longer send you to random places when you are drunk.”

Thus, Fang Yuan needed the a jade sky colored jade bamboo from azure heaven, and an eight-sided diamond star fragment from blue heaven.

And also, the light of glory of the immemorial era.

Did he have these?

Not at first.

But after rebirth, he killed Long Qing Tian and obtained jade sky Gu.

This Gu was rank five and originated from the immemorial era. It was like a dark green bamboo stem, palm size and hollow in the middle, giving off a texture of jade on the surface.

This was the azure heaven’s jade bamboo!

> described all sorts of Gu. Immortal Gu were described as they were, like wisdom Gu and strength Gu. Mortal Gu were written more obscurely, the readers needed to look into them and researched carefully.

But the jade sky bamboo was not enough, he needed the eight-sided diamond star fragment.

Did he have it?

Of course not, but Bai Ning Bing planted it on him!

Indeed, the fixed star Gu.

This Gu was a star fragment from the immemorial era, looking like a diamond with eight sides, it was planted on Fang Yuan’s left forearm, giving off starlight, able to project a half-transparent eerie blue light from his arm.

So now he had the jade sky bamboo and the eight-sided diamond star fragment, but to refine fixed immortal travel Gu, Fang Yuan needed one final condition — that is what the land spirit mentioned — the light of glory of the immemorial era.

Did Fang Yuan have this?

From start to end, he had never obtained it.

But Xiao Mang had it.

Xiao Mang controlled an extreme light Gu, this Gu was obtained by robbing graves, it was an incomplete Gu. It could only be used three times every month to unleash the light of glory. Once it exceeded three times, it would self-detonate.

And torrential light stream was a killer move that, in some aspects, replicated the light of glory.

Divine travel Gu, jade sky Gu, fixed star Gu, as well as the light of the immemorial era, all the conditions were fulfilled!

When Fang Yuan rebirthed and realized this, he discarded the second aperture Gu in his heart, changing his objective to refining the fixed immortal travel Gu.

But it was impossible to convince the land spirit.

The land spirit’s obsession was to refine second aperture Gu.

Thus, Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan, and the righteous demonic factions became Fang Yuan’s tools!

He calculated meticulously in his heart, controlling the flow of events as he swayed them in his favor, causing this result. When the land spirit realized that no matter what, the second aperture Gu would not be refined successfully, it would change its goal to protecting Fang Yuan, as that is the only way hope remains.

The cocoon absorbed the sunlight, trembling slightly as the aura of an Immortal Gu leaked out uncontrollably.

Everyone was flabbergasted.

“Such an aura, how is this possible?!” Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing and the others were staring with their eyes popping out.

“He is refining Gu, he is really refining an Immortal Gu?! Who is he? Is he the reincarnation of Verdant Great Sun?” Yi Huo, Yi Chong, and the others were staring with their jaws dropping.

“Fixed immortal travel! Is he really refining fixed immortal travel Gu? To think that I, Feng Tian Yu, would get the see the birth of an Immortal Gu!” This refinement master kneeled on the ground emotionally, tears overflowing on his face.

In the blessed land, the few remaining hairy men all kneeled down.

This moment, they were idolizing this person refining an Immortal Gu!

Unbelievable.

An event of the immemorial era was unfolding before them…

An unimaginable grandness and beauty caused many Gu Masters’ bodies to shook. Was it excitement, fear, or both?

At once, Fang Yuan’s figure was the center of everyone’s attention.

No matter how glaring the torrential light stream was, everyone’s eyes were wide open, staring without blinking.

The Immortal Gu’s aura became more intense, but at this crucial moment, something happened.

“Trying to use my power to refine an Immortal Gu? Hmph!” Xiao Mang was no fool, after realizing this, he immediately stopped his killer move.

The torrential light stream ended!

Everyone gasped loudly.

“NOOOO!” Feng Tian Yu screamed, his heart pained as he showed grief and despair.

 In his vision, the torrential light stream was like a cut ribbon, flowing down weakly, with just three breath’s time, the Gu Master in the light waterfall would be freed. Such a short time was not enough to birth an Immortal Gu.

But why would Fang Yuan not anticipate this?

Third watch Gu! Third watch Gu!

He activated two third watch Gu targeting the cocoon.

At once, time accelerated by nine times, as the Immortal Gu’s aura surged!

“He used two time path Gu worms to accelerate time?” Feng Tian Yu got up like he was jolted with lightning, his eyes glowing as his face turned red, there was still hope?

But immediately, his red face turned pale, as Feng Tian Yu plopped on the ground with a dejected expression, crying: “It is useless, the acceleration is only a temporary measure, if the Immortal Gu is created too quickly, it will not be able to stabilize its aura, and will be destroyed through self-detonation…”

But was Fang Yuan ignorant about this?

He took out a Gu worm.

This Gu had an plain appearance, like a grey stone disc.

In his previous life, he obtained it from Feng Tian Yu, this time, he got it from killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.

What Gu?

Undefeated hundred battles!

Undefeated hundred battles Gu!, rank five expenditure Gu, once used, it allowed a Gu Master’s refinement to succeed for sure!

The next moment, Feng Tian Yu was stunned, grabbing his head and screaming in great joy: “How can this be!”

Because he felt the Immortal Gu’s aura stabilizing like a miracle!

The cocoon broke open, and a green butterfly flew out — fixed immortal travel Gu!

“It truly is an Immortal Gu!”

“Beautiful beyond words…”

“Who in the world is he, he actually refined an Immortal Gu?!”

At once, everyone’s hearts were pounding, regardless of whether they were aware or unaware of the circumstances, they were speechless and shocked to their limits.

Xiao Mang was stupefied, Mo Wu Tian was in a daze.

“Is this the re-enactment of a legend?”

“What era am I living in?!”

Fang Yuan flew out of the light waterfall, as fixed immortal travel Gu flew around him. Each time it flapped its wings, green light flickered like pollen, it was a beautiful sight.

Of course, Fang Yuan paid a huge price.

A rank five killer move was not a joke, liquid metal Gu died, golden aurora Gu and the others were greatly damaged. The black wings on his back were torn and tattered.

As the liquid metal faded, Fang Yuan’s identity was revealed.

At once, a commotion burst out.

“Who is he?” Mo Wu Tian’s pupils shrunk.

“It, it’s him, little beast king!” Hu Mei Er and Li Xian were shocked.

“It’s him!” Yi Huo’s eyes were popping out.

“It is actually him?!” Jiao Huang and Meng Tu looked at each other, trembling, feeling each other’s shock, after-fear, and joy. They had the guts to assassinate such a strong foe? A man who can refine an Immortal Gu?!

“Fang Yuan…” Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan and the others who knew the situation witnessed this miracle with their own eyes, watching like a still statue.

Hundreds of thousands of years ago, during the immemorial era, Verdant Great Sun flapped his wings, refining an fixed immortal travel Gu.

But now, Fang Yuan was doing the same, using his mortal body to accomplish such a grand feat under everyone’s observation.

Once this matter spread, his name would be renowned throughout the continent, shocking the whole southern border.

“You really succeeded in refining fixed immortal travel Gu, incredible! As expected of a future Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan could hear land spirit’s praise and sigh.

Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Fixed immortal travel Gu can allow a Gu Master to roam the world, going anywhere he wanted. But it is still an Immortal Gu, your help is needed, to activate it using immortal essence.”

Ba Gui: “Of course. There is still some immortal essence left in the cauldron, recall in your mind where you want to go, you should choose a safe place. Remember, the image in your head has to be the same as the real place, there cannot be too big of a difference.”

“I understand that.”

Ba Gui sighed, speaking wholeheartedly: “Using the fixed immortal travel would allow you to escape this predicament, but without immortal essence, the blessed land will be destroyed immediately. Death is a relief for me. I just wish you would succeed in refining second aperture Gu in the future, and do not waste this opportunity. Before we part, do you have anything to say to me?”

Fang Yuan opened his mouth, but no words came out.

He moved his tattered black wings, flying in the sky and looking around.

The torn bronze hall, the mound battlefield overflowing with blood, and the ruined Gu Immortal blessed land…

Goodbye, Bai Ning Bing.

Goodbye, Tie Ruo Nan.

Goodbye, Southern Border.

The land spirit did not know that Fang Yuan was about to take a an even greater risk. But life was a gamble, if one did not gamble when they had the chance, when would they succeed?

If man did not have aspirations as grand as heaven, they would be letting down their eight feet body!   1

Thinking like this, Fang Yuan felt great ambition and aspiration, his heart boiling with anticipation. Standing before everyone, he felt an urge and expressed it as a poem.

The people present heard him recite —

Since ancient times land immortal pass with the wind, today three kings return to eternal slumber.

Who would not experience failure? Verdant Sun died regretfully. Start over again and proclaim oneself as King.

The carp swims up the heavenly waterfall, travelling alone in the desolate lands and defying heaven.

Spreading my wings and flying away today, becoming an immortal and whipping the phoenix on another day!

As he said so, Fang Yuan laughed loudly.

Everyone was speechless.

Only the land spirit shouted: “Grand aspirations, I will send you on your journey!”

Immortal essence entered the fixed immortal travel Gu, and jade light flashed, as Fang Yuan vanished from the air.

Only his clothes were left, floating in the air like a kite with its strings cut.

“He vanished!”

“He used the fixed immortal travel Gu, I wonder where he went.”

“Ah! Why is heaven and earth shaking?”

Everyone was stunned.

At this time, intense winds blew as mountains broke, the world was collapsing. Loopholes after loopholes were formed, connecting to the outside world.

“Damn it, escape quickly.”

“The blessed land is collapsing, the winds of assimilation is coming!”

“If we do not escape now, we will die, I do not want to die!”

The experts were frightened and shocked, frantically escaping as San Cha mountain went into chaos once again.

…

Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, on Dang Hun mountain, the battle for Hu Immortal blessed land was reaching its end.

“Fang Zheng, hang in there, victory is within reach!” Lord Sky Crane encouraged.

The skin on Fang Zheng’s arms and legs were torn, as blood flowed down.

He surpassed Ying Sheng Ji, Xiao Qi Xing, his body was numb from pain, and his brain was unable to think, there was only Dang Hun mountain left in his mind.

Being the first to ascend, he only had one thought left in his mind.

“I am the great Feng Jin Huang, how can I lose here? I have never lost since I was born, this time is no exception! Come out, dream wings!”

Feng Jin Huang shouted, and a beautiful pair of wings grew from her shoulders.

This pair of wings was extremely elegant and beautiful, all sorts of lights shone on it, it was dazzling and alluring, with just one flap, Feng Jin Huang ascended easily.

“What?”

“This is…”

“The legendary Immortal Gu — Dream Wings!”

The nine Gu Immortals were shocked.

Most Immortal Gu could only be used with immortal essence. But dreams wings were different, it used the Gu Master’s spirit and soul instead.

Feng Jin Huang was only a mortal, activating the dream wings forcefully would cause severe damage to her soul, amnesia at best, becoming retarded at worst.

But Feng Jin Huang was competitive, she wanted victory, willing to pay any price!

Under Fang Zheng, stunned gaze, she overtook him, taking back her head.

The dream wings were folded back as Feng Jin Huang stood at the side of the cliff, breathing heavily, she felt a strong dizziness from the depths of her soul, almost causing her to faint.

She reached her limits.

Forcefully activating an Immortal Gu, it was not easy for Feng Jin Huang to reach this step.

“I actually lost!” Fang Zheng stared with wide opened eyes, dejected and upset.

Feng Jin Huang’s arms were already at the edge of the peak, she was one step away!

“I, I am about… to win!”

At this moment, Feng Jin Huang forced herself to raise her head, using the last bit of strength she had.

Her eyes were glowing like amber, her beautiful appearance and her snow-white long neck, was shining like jade in the blessed land’s pink light.

She was like a young phoenix, expanding its wings for the first time.

Brilliant and glorious!

At once, even Gu Immortals were dazed.

Fang Zheng raised his head to look at her, as Hu Immortal land spirit stared at her in a daze, everyone was waiting for Feng Jin Huang’s victory.

Feng Jin Huang did not let everyone down, she bit her lips, placing her arms at the edge of the cliff.

Next, she used her remaining strength to drag her body up as well. But at this moment!

Swoosh!

Jade light flashed, and a man appeared on the mountain peak.

This man was completely naked, his left forearm had a hole as blood flowed out of it. His youthful body, was strong and muscular, giving off the aura of a veteran expert who had undergone countless battles.

“Brother?!” Fang Zheng was shocked, slipping and falling down the cliff.

The ten Gu Immortals were shocked. Who, who is this naked man?!

Feng Jin Huang raised her snow-white neck, looking at Fang Yuan from his feet, stunned and watching with her eyes wide open like a statue.

Fang Yuan’s body was muscular, the giant monster on his lower body entered Feng Jin Huang’s vision without any doubt.

“I really came here? Tsk, fixed immortal travel Gu has such a weakness, it cannot transport clothes along with me. But thankfully, I placed my Gu worms inside my aperture, and brought them along.

Fang Yuan looked around, realizing his situation.

“Eh? Isn’t this person below me Feng Jin Huang?”

It seems > gave an accurate time. He was a step before her, this competition did not ban Immortal Gu worms, according to the rules, he was Hu Immortal blessed land’s owner!

“I succeeded, all my risks paid off. So what if I failed to refine second aperture Gu? Now I have something better, the entire Hu Immortal blessed land, and fixed immortal travel Gu! Hahahahaha…” Fang Yuan laughed crazily in his heart.

“Unfortunately, she has the Immortal Gu dream wings, I can’t kill her yet.” Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jin Huang regretfully, before raising his right foot.

Under the ten Gu Immortal’s supervision, his right foot landed on Feng Jin Huang’s face, as a jade-like feeling could be felt on his feet.

“Scram.” Fang Yuan pushed, and kicked the weak and dazed Feng Jin Huang down.

Feng Jin Huang was already out of strength, how could she resist Fang Yuan’s kick, she immediately descended.

Fang Yuan turned around, facing the land spirit.

“Little Hu Immortal, aren’t you calling me you master?”

“Ma… master…” The little girl stared at Fang Yuan, shocked.

After she reacted, she used her small tender hands to cover her large crystal clear eyes.

Next, she lowered her head, her face red with shame, as she stomped her foot, shaking her head, saying meekly: “Master, aren’t you shameful, you are so old already, quickly wear some clothes!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 406: Feng Jiu Ge 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Nine days later.

Atop of a lush green mountain valley, a small waterfall flowed downwards like a strip of silvery silk.

The waterfall’s stream flowed into an ancient lake. The ancient lake was deep and dark jade in color, with ripples on the surface of the water.

In the pond, all kinds of carp were swimming about.

On the top of a white rock beside the water, Feng Jin Huang sat with her eyes closed.

Her face, bright and beautiful, was reflected in the water, causing this ancient lake to gain a brilliant elegance. The colorful carps in the water, the clear pool water, the silvery waterfall, and the green valley all complimented each other.

However, Feng Jin Huang’s pretty brows were deeply scrunched.

Although she has tried her best to calm down, every time she closed her eyes for more than thirty breaths, an image flashed in her mind from the depths of her heart.

On an illustrious pink crystal mountain peak, a naked man looked down at her with his black eerie pupils.

She was sprawling on the edge of the cliff, and when she looked up, she saw everything on the man’s body.

His bleeding left arm with a bloody hole, his strong muscles, his broad chest, and the massive thing between his legs… the image was engraved into her heart.

The memory was so vivid that the events of that day could never be forgotten by this proud woman.

Especially since afterwards, the man stretched out his right foot and stepped on her face!

Feng Jin Huang wanted to forget the feeling of being trampled on her face, yet the feeling was so vivid that she could clearly recall it even now.

“Forget it, Forget him! Keep a peace of mind, peace, peace of mind, calm down…” Feng Jin Huang breathed more and more rapidly.

Her breathing became heavier, and her chest moved rapidly as a result, and was becoming faster.

In her heart, shame, humiliation, and hatred mixed together, turning into a volcano.

“How dare he? He dared to do that to me! Ahhh!” Feng Jin Huang could not bear it anymore, and suddenly opened her phoenix eyes and stood up abruptly, raising her head and screaming.

Boom!

The volcano in her heart erupted, filling her chest with anger, almost melting her entire body!

“You are a despicable and shameless man, you dared to step on my face. I want to tear you to pieces!” Feng Jin Huang roared, her eyes glowing with fire as she punched randomly.

Bam Bam Bam Bam…

The loud smashing sound, like the sound of thunder, erupted continuously.

Feng Jin Huang’s eyes exuded fire, the beautiful flames evaporated the ancient lake and burnt the green hills around her. She punched without a target, as her frenzied barrage sent the surrounding mountain rocks flying, as the ground cracked!

After almost a few short breaths, Feng Jin Huang completely decimated the valley. Such terrifying battle strength, even if ten Fang Yuan attacked together, he could not reach such a power level.

“Ahhhhhhh!”

“This scoundrel!!!”

“I want rend your flesh, limb by limb! I want to step on your bones and crush them into pieces! I’ll make you suffer for seven days and seven nights!”

“I swear, I’ll make you to suffer endless pain, I want you to die and regret everything you have done to me. Then, I’ll turn you into ashes and scatter you into the wind!”

Feng Jin Huang bellowed without stopping, the anger in her chest making her lose all rationality.

…

A few hundred miles away, there were grass cottages built on a mountain peak.

 Through the window of the cottage, a pair of beautiful eyes stared at Feng Jin Huang, looking worried.

 “Oh, my little Feng Er…” Inside the cottage, a beauty was dressed in white silk adorned with a green belt. She was dignified and elegant, bearing a resemblance to Feng Jin Huang.

She was the biological mother of Feng Jin Huang, Fairy Bai Qing, a rank six Gu Immortal!

“Stop looking. You have already watched her for seven or eight times the during the last ten minutes. The jade sea tide tea that I carefully brewed for you is getting cold by now, go sit down and drink it.” Feng Jiu Ge sat by her side, helplessly saying.

“Drink, drink, drink, all you care about is drinking tea. Is Feng Jin Huang even your daughter? As her father, aren’t you worried at all?” Bai Qing turned around, her brows were wrinkled and her tone was resentful.

“Sigh! Our daughter, Feng Er, had always been competitive since she was a child. Her talent was excellent, and no one was her match in her sect, but suddenly she stumbled and lost. Hu Immortal Inheritance was the first failure of her life, but it is also the most important. You are her father, but you’re actually still in the mood to drink tea here?”

“Nevermind the failure, what’s more important is, Feng-Er suffered such a huge loss! She actually got trampled by someone! Think about it, Feng Er is proud and had never paid attention to any man her age. Yet she was beaten in such a way, with someone’s foot on her face, and for the first time, saw a similar aged man’s body. This, this…”

The more Fairy Bai Qing talked, the more anxious she grew, and her eyes slowly turned red.

Feng Jiu Ge looked at her and immediately got up, getting to her side, holding her in his arms. He frantically comforted her: “Don’t cry, don’t cry my Qing Er. Isn’t your husband still here? In fact, in my opinion, this event was not without benefits.”

“Oh? What good is there?” Bai Qing casted a doubtful gaze at him.

“Sigh, Feng Er is our pride and joy, I’m proud of her yet also worried. She’s too competitive and always wants to get first place. Yes, her talent is higher than mine, and she also has great comprehension abilities, but so what if her talent is higher, is it higher than all the heroes in the world? No matter how good her talent is, can it compare to Desolate Ancient Moon?” Feng Jiu explained in earnest.

“The great Desolate Ancient Moon, daughter of Ren Zu, failed countless times. Feng Er had always experienced success and victory but had never understood the taste of failure. This is one of her defects, and also her weakness.”

“Qing Er, you are a rank six Gu Immortal, and I am a rank seven Gu Immortal, but even if it was a rank nine Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, they can only live long, but not forever. We are able to protect Feng Er now, but one day we will leave her. By that time, she will only be able to rely on herself. Experiencing this failure will help her mature.”

“Birds leave the nest and fly alone. After they withstand setbacks, they can train their wings and fight in the sky. In the future, when Feng Er leaves us, we can be relieved.”

“Feng Er is my baby, I would love nothing more than to protect her inside the blessed land forever…” Fairy Bai Qing leaned on Feng Jiu Ge’s chest as she wiped her tears.

 She sighed and said: “Sigh, you are right, Feng Er will leave us one day, we should let her train more. But this is too much, she had lost too much this time. Hu Immortal Inheritance was lost, she was even bullied by that Immortal Crane Sect lad, are you as her father not going to do anything about it?”

“Hmph.” Feng Jiu snorted, squinting as his eyes shone with a cold light: “Immortal Crane Sect went too far indeed, even though they had promised to compensate us and the other eight major sects. But Feng Er is my daughter, how she can experience such bullying? I have already written a letter and it has been sent to them. If this He Feng Yang does not know what’s good for him, I will go to their sect to find him and settle the score!”

Fairy Bai Qing’s heart eased, it turns out that her husband had already acted. But immediately, Bai Qing was nervous and looked at her husband: “Husband, don’t be rash, don’t make a huge commotion. Back when you attacked the top ten sects, Immortal Crane Sect was also one of the victims. They know that you’re the strongest, but don’t do this kind of thing again.”

“I know, I know. Haha, you can be at ease.” Feng Jiu Ge calmed his wife lying in his arms, his eyes subconsciously squinting as he snorted in his heart: “Out of the top ten sects in central continent now, none are worthy of facing off against me.”

…

South of the Central Continent, thirty thousand feet above the mountains.

In the sky, Fei He mountain was floating among a sea of clouds, looking magnificent and grand.

Trees were swaying on the mountain as ten thousand cranes flew by, giving off a living atmosphere of an Immortal’s residence.

Currently, in Shang Qing pavilion at the top of the mountain, it was a heavy and grim atmosphere.

“Feng Jiu Ge has gone too far!” The supreme first elder was staring furiously, his hands clutching a thin letter as he trembled with anger.

With a bang, he slammed the letter on the white jade stone table.

In the letter, Feng Jie Ge listed several overbearing demands. But despite so, supreme first elder did not dare to destroy or burn this letter.

This letter was shining with an azure green color, it was the transformation of the rank five letter sending green bird Gu. Once destroyed, Feng Jiu Ge would sense it, if he became furious, the situation would become troublesome.

This guy, Feng Jiu Ge, was born into the demonic path. In the past, he obtained a rare opportunity and cultivated painstakingly, soundlessly reaching rank six Gu Immortal realm. Once he came out, he amazed the world as he challenged all the heroes in the world, and no one could stop him. The ten sects sent people to challenge him, but they all lost terribly, forced to join forces to resist him.

Feng Jiu Ge, was not afraid, fighting as he travelled for over ten million miles, suddenly changing his tactic and going for the yellow dragon, causing the ten sects to lose miserably. The scene was total chaos and there was nothing anyone could do.

Fortunately, Fairy Bai Qing from Spirit Affinity House moved him with true love, finally reforming this demonic head.

“Back in the day, Feng Jiu Ge used his rank six cultivation and caused a commotion among the ten sects, it was unimaginable. Now, he has rank seven cultivation and has Spirit Affinity House, one of the ten sects backing him. This person has the demeanour of a heavenly immortal, although his requests are slightly overbearing, we can agree to it.” Supreme second elder took out the letter, reading it and said with a calm tone.

“He Feng Yang, how can there be such a huge mistake in this matter you were in charge of? That Fang Yuan is not our disciple at all, what motives do you have, defending him like this?” A thunderous voice echoed in Shang Qing pavilion, causing the windows to vibrate.

The person speaking was Lei Tan, rank six Gu Immortal, and was at loggerheads with He Feng Yang.

Places with people have conflict, Immortal Crane Sect also has their conflicts and competition among factions.

At once, all the gazes fell on He Feng Yang.

He Feng Yang was like a young man, gentle like jade. A pair of jade colored brows extended to his waist.

His expression was calm, looking around slowly, then laughed and said: “This Fang Yuan is indeed not our disciple, but his brother Fang Zheng is one of us, the leader of the elite disciples of this generation.”

Lei Tan snickered: “A tiny elite disciple’s relative, he is worth our backing, the entire Immortal Crane Sect?! He Feng Yang, do you know how much compensation we will have to give to the nine sects for this Fang Yuan?”

“Of course I know.” He Feng Yang glanced at Lei Tan, laughing in disdain: “But these things, even if you multiply it by three, can’t compare to a Hu Immortal blessed land. Not to mention a fixed immortal travel Gu?”

At once, many of the supreme elders understood.

“He Feng Yang! What are you trying to say?” Lei Tan frowned, asking impatiently.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 407: Immortal Crane Sect’s objective 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

He Feng Yang only smiled without replying Lei Tan’s question.

It was supreme third elder who laughed and replied: “I understand Elder Feng Yang’s intention. If we didn’t choose to shield this Fang Yuan, Hu Immortal blessed land would still be up for grabs for the ten sects. However, by admitting that Fang Yuan is a member of our Immortal Crane Sect, we have eliminated the other nine opponents, letting only our Immortal Crane Sect seize control of this blessed land.”

Lei Tan’s gaze flickered and his expression slightly changed, but he no longer asked any questions.

At this moment, He Feng Yang stood up from his seat.

He first cupped his fists towards supreme third elder who explaining the reason: “Third elder is wise! Things happened too suddenly, who could have thought a mortal would use the Immortal Gu fixed immortal travel to appear the peak of Dang Hun mountain and inherit Hu Immortal blessed land in front of everyone.”

“This Hu Immortal inheritance is at Tian Ti mountain. Everyone might know Tian Ti mountain is the stairs that connects to the heavenly court. Even though it was destroyed and had been abandoned for many years, it still represents the might of the heavenly court. In a way, attacking Hu Immortal blessed land is attacking Tian Ti mountain; and attacking Tian Ti mountain is attacking the heavenly court.”

“Thus, although there are many blessed lands on Tian Ti mountain, there has never been anyone who had the courage to attack it. Even this time, we waited for Hu Immortal blessed land to open before we ten Gu Immortals joined forces to enlarge the passage, with no intention of attacking.”

“Even if we really attacked Hu Immortal blessed land, the blessed land has a land spirit which would require at least three rank six Gu Immortals to join hands and even then they might not succeed. Moreover, the control area of the blessed land is being protected by Dang Hun mountain. Without five or six Gu Immortals cooperating earnestly, who would dare to say they can climb to the peak? Lei Tan, can you?”

Lei Tan snorted, he wanted to retort but kept quiet in the end.

In blessed lands, the land spirit could freely mobilize all the resources and their battle prowess could be compared to a Gu Immortal. The most important thing was that the land spirit could suppress rank one to rank five Gu worms.

If a Gu Immortal wanted to attack the blessed land, their most powerful weapon would be Immortal Gu because land spirits could not restrict Immortal Gu.

However, Immortal Gu were hard to find and many Gu Immortals did not even have one Immortal Gu. Even if they had, it might not necessarily be suited to attack.

This was the classic situation of low offense but high defense.

If they were set on attacking the blessed land, it would often require the cooperation of several Gu Immortals to create a numerical advantage, and then competing through the expenditure of immortal essence. Once the blessed land’s immortal essence was exhausted, they could start their attack.

However in truth, unless it was some special situation, Gu Immortals rarely attacked blessed lands.

Because it was really not worth it.

Not only was immortal essence precious and hard to accumulate, there was also the danger of the blessed land self-destructing.

In the case where the land spirit could not defend and chose to destroy the blessed land, the winds of assimilation would blow over and destroy everything, causing the attackers to have no gains.

When Gu Immortals attacked blessed lands, they would often gain nothing and instead suffer heavy losses. Unless it was a matter of deep hatred, nobody would agree to do such a transaction that only created loss.

Seeing that Lei Tan was keeping quiet, He Feng Yang continued: “That Fang Yuan ascended to the peak and got the inheritance, immediately commanding the land spirit to close the blessed land. Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng looks almost the same, the Gu Immortals of the other nine sects realized this and subconsciously thought this was our Immortal Crane Sect’s hidden move and questioned me one after another. At that time, I thought that if I were to say the truth, the Hu Immortal Inheritance’s belonging would be undecided once again as the ten sects would still compete and fight over it. Thus, I acknowledged it, and even if we had to pay such a price for it, we have eliminated the other nine great sects from the competition. Like this, we can secretly strategize about Hu Immortal blessed land without worrying about other forces.”

He Feng Yang explained the whole story, Lei Tan snorted and asked: “There is a big problem in this plan! Hu Immortal blessed land is on Tian Ti mountain and is also closed now, without attacking and creating a loophole, how can we enter?”

He Feng Yang laughed, it seems he already predicted this: “How could I not have any plans? Blessed lands face calamities and tribulations; Hu Immortal died during the fifth earthly calamity. I have already calculated the time, Hu Immortal blessed land will face the sixth earthly calamity in a year and three months’ time. Fang Yuan is only a mortal, how could he know how to resist the earthly calamity? Even with the help of the land spirit, without a sect’s support, the blessed land will suffer heavy damage at that time and a loophole will appear.”

Lei Tan scoffed: “Even if there is a loophole, do you dare to attack? Didn’t you say just before that Hu Immortal inheritance is on Tian Ti mountain!”

He Feng Yang instantly replied: “Forcefully attacking is a terrible move and we will only use it if all else fails. That Fang Yuan is only a mortal, as long as a loophole appears and we use some plans and schemes, is there a worry of failing to capture him? Hehe, once the earth calamity passes, he will definitely start worrying and thirst for external help. I have already planned it, first we use Fang Zheng and use the kinship to move and persuade him into cooperating for some transactions. As we make more transactions, his guard against us will naturally loosen, and using logic to persuade him, we might just convince him to join Immortal Crane Sect!”

“If he keeps on being stubborn, we can use some secret methods. Slavery Gu is one good method. There aren’t many ways to deal with the land spirit, but there are plenty of ways to deal with a mortal like him. If we can obtain fixed immortal travel Gu like this, then it is no doubt the perfect outcome.”

The elders present felt a rush of excitement at the mention of fixed immortal travel Gu. Many began to whisper and discuss with each other; the outcome He Feng Yang portrayed was truly beautiful. Most importantly, his plan had a chance of success.

Lei Tan could feel the change in the atmosphere as he sat down in anger: “You speak nice words, let’s hope it goes our way.”

Supreme third elder mumbled: “Besides special Gu like dream wings Gu that needs to be activated using the soul, most of the other Immortal Gu need immortal essence to activate, and this fixed immortal travel Gu is not an exception. This Fang Yuan has fixed immortal travel Gu and with the help of land spirit to use the blessed land’s immortal essence, he can escape any time he wishes. We need to be very careful to deal with him. Furthermore, there is one point to note, he is but a mortal yet he possesses an Immortal Gu, he should have a rather deep background.”

He Feng Yang nodded: “Junior has already thought of this point. Back then, when I claimed Fang Yuan was our sect’s disciple, I checked the reactions of the other nine sects. It seems that not one of the Central Continent’s nine sects are behind him. I am guessing, since Fang Yuan came from Southern Border, he is very likely to have a super clan of Southern Border behind him. But be it Wu clan, Shang clan, Tie clan, Yi clan or other super clans, they are all situated far at Southern Border and cannot help him here. If they were to enter Central Continent, their battle strength would be suppressed. Our Immortal Crane Sect is one of the ten great sects of Central Continent, we have a huge chance of winning against them.”

All the elders nodded at these words and started another round of soft discussions.

“Indeed, a mighty dragon cannot suppress the local snake.”

“Central continent is our Immortal Crane Sect’s territory!”

“If they were to make a move, hmph.”

“Even if their battle prowess was not suppressed, our Immortal Crane Sect is still stronger than any super groups of the four other regions by a mile.”

Third elder’s furrowed brows relaxed: “There is one doubt remaining. To use fixed immortal travel Gu, the user needs to have a vivid memory and clear understanding of the terrain he teleports to. Fang Yuan is only a mortal from the far away Southern Border, how could he know the scenery in Hu Immortal blessed land? And how could his timing be so precise? Could it be, Hu Immortal had once set an inheritance in Southern Border? Or it could be one of the tricks of Tian Ti mountain’s demonic path Gu Immortals?”

He Feng Yang bowed: “Junior is also not clear about this. This matter is strange, originally, there was only a clue about the blood sea inheritance. At that time, one of our sect disciples defected and fled to Southern Border. A few years ago, I sent Lord Sky Crane to Southern Border to clean up and trash and bring back the inheritance. But Lord Sky Crane failed and instead it was Fang Yuan who obtained the inheritance, gaining blood skull Gu. This kid is very ruthless and sinister, unexpectedly killing all his clansmen on the spot and used blood skull Gu to raise his aptitude. Lord Sky Crane was unresigned and brought back Fang Zheng for future plans to retrieve the Gu.

He Feng Yang naturally had never have expected a nobody to so outrageously disrupt his plan back then, causing such a huge problem for him.

This was a weird feeling.

It was as if person was walking on the road, when suddenly a small ant jumped on their nose and started scratching it.

Where did this ant come from? Such guts!

The person could just crush it with their finger but because of the peculiar situation, they were not able to catch the ant and could only let this ant feel triumphant for the time being.

“Not this blood sea inheritance again…” Hearing He Feng Yang narrate the whole story, the elders present frowned, their heart turned irritated.

Blood Sea inheritance came from a big shot of the demonic path, Blood Sea Ancestor.

He killed people like cutting grass and his infamy had gone down in history. With the might of a rank seven Gu Immortal, he had unexpectedly set up hundreds of thousands of inheritance sites that spread over Central Continent, Southern Border, Northern Plains, Western Desert and Eastern Sea.

Before his death, he had laughed and proclaimed: “Blood path is not lonely, my mark will remain for all eternity!

Now, just like he proclaimed, countless mortals had benefitted. Blood sea inheritance was already proclaimed as the most popular inheritance with the greatest number in the world. There was no competition! Countless righteous path figures were getting headaches because of it.

“Didn’t that Xue Tu who was only a butcher, become a famous demonic cultivator after obtaining blood sea inheritance?”

“Years ago, Myriad Dragon Dock’s Song Zi Xing obtained one of the true blood sea inheritances and defected his sect, causing great humiliation to our ten great sects. Now, he is already a rank seven Gu Immortal with the title ‘Blood Dragon’. To kill this defector and wipe away their humiliation, Myriad Dragon Dock dispatched eight Gu Immortals – five rank six and three rank seven. The result was he killed four of them, crippled three of them and beat one into retreating!”

“It is said that Blood Sea has nine true inheritances. They are: blood skull Gu, blood handprint Gu, blood qi Gu, blood sweat Gu, menses blood Gu, blood shadow Gu, blood battle Gu, as well as the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat and finally, the rank six Immortal Gu blood deity. He was truly someone who achieved great success in blood path…”

“Speaking of which, four true inheritances of the Blood Sea Ancestor had already shown up. One is blood skull Gu which is with Fang Yuan. Another is blood handprint Gu which is with Southern Border’s current Shang clan leader. Violent blood dragon bat is with Song Zi Xing.”

“It is said that Shang clan leader has already obtained the second blood sea inheritance…”

“That is only an unconfirmed rumor, there is no evidence to conclude it.”

The elders whispered to one another.

“Alright, there is no need to talk about blood sea true inheritance. It is like searching for a needle in a haystack, all kinds of rumors are increasing day by day. My ears are already getting callus from hearing them.” Supreme Grand Elder waved his hand and immediately put a stop to the discussion.

He turned his gaze towards He Feng Yang: “Elder He Feng Yang, since you brought up this method, then you shall be in charge of it. If you are able to seize the blessed land and establish your merit, the sect will not be stingy in rewarding you.”

“Junior understands!” He Feng Yang accepted the order with a smile.

Seeing He Feng Yang gain such a lucrative task, Lei Tan felt stifled, but since it was Supreme Grand Elder who said so, he could only hide his hatred inside.

However, Supreme Grand Elder added: “Since you are in charge of it, then Elder Feng Yang, you should hand over your one’s own way Gu, right? In Feng Jiu Ge’s demand, he had asked for an Immortal Gu. You are the person in charge of this matter, so you should be the one to settle this.”

Lei Tan was immediately joyous.

He Feng Yang could only accept the order with a bitter smile.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 408: Fang Yuan regains consciousness 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

All he saw before him was a blur pink color, as his vision gradually returned, he saw a thin silk curtain.

A light wind blew, the chimes rang, the light pink curtain slowly swayed, making it feel like a dream or illusion.

Fang Yuan slowly got up from his bed.

This round bed was extremely large, forty to fifty people could fit on it.

A silk blanket that was red on the bottom with golden rims was covering his body.

Fang Yuan looked around and found himself in a large bedroom.

There was a stove beside the bed, burning some incense. There was a fragrance that arouses people’s feelings in the air.

This room was made with golden brick walls, silver bricks were used on the ground. Beside the bed, the corners of the room, tables and chairs, dressing table, all of them had large amounts of pearls, agate, diamonds and all sorts of precious gems.

The room was grand and elegant, luxurious and glorious, the affluence of the previous owner was emanating in the room.

This was Hu Immortal’s Dang Hun Palace.

“It is a gentle home.” Fang Yuan commented lightly, getting down from his bed.

His body shook uncontrollably, as his brain was still dizzy.

Fang Yuan did not find it strange, instead he understood clearly — this was because he had forced himself too much back on San Cha mountain.

Bai Ning Bing’s betrayal, the pressure from the two factions, and he even had to scheme against the land spirit. First refining second aperture, then refine the fixed immortal travel Gu in the torrential light stream. The entire process was accompanied by the mental pressure of taking a risky gamble. To Fang Yuan, be it his body or mind, they had reached their limits.

When he used the fixed immortal travel Gu to arrive at Dang Hun Mountain, Feng Jin Huang and Fang Zheng were at their limits, but so was he.

Compared to them, Fang Yuan’s mental pressure was greater. Spring Autumn Cicada could no longer be used, and he had snatched the Hu Immortal Inheritance right in front of the ten sects’ Gu Immortals, he was trying to pull the teeth out of a tiger , like playing with fire, it was an extremely dangerous move!

Fang Yuan was the first to ascend the mountain, and the land spirit chased the other competitors away. After Fang Yuan officially became the blessed land’s owner, he ordered the land spirit to close the entire blessed land.

After instructing the land spirit with a few key points, Fang Yuan relaxed at a safe area, falling asleep instantly.

“Just how long did I sleep…” Fang Yuan shook his head, he still felt extremely tired, there was a sense of weakness coming from his soul.

At the same time, his ears were buzzing, as his brain could not think as quickly as normal. It was difficult to process questions in his head.

“Oh no, I injured my soul.” Fang Yuan’s heart sank, sensing his condition was not looking good.

The main reason was became of the Immortal Gu refinement.

Were Immortal Gu so easily to refine? Many Gu Immortals would suffer a backlash when making a mistake while attempting to do so, injured at best, death at worst.

Fang Yuan used a mortal’s body to refine an Immortal Gu. The main reason was because the recipe was good, originating from Ren Zu’s tales. Secondly, the materials used were appropriate, focused on the divine travel Gu, looking from another angle, it was simply converting divine travel Gu into fixed immortal travel Gu.

It was not like in Fang Yuan’s previous life, where he used a large number of mortal Gu to refine the Immortal Gu Spring Autumn Cicada. Turning from mortal to immortal, the difficulty was a hundred fold.

“Even so, the foundation of my soul was too weak and got injured. But thankfully, this is Dang Hun mountain…” Thinking so, Fang Yuan’s expression turned solemn, as he said lightly: “Where is the land spirit?”

Swoosh, Hu Immortal land spirit appeared before him.

“Master, you are finally awake.” Hu Immortal lowered her head, her face was red as she looked at her feet, speaking in a meek tone.

She had the appearance of a five to six year old girl, she was cute and young. With a colorful dress, and a snow-white fox tail behind her, swaying to express her unease.

“Master, when you were sleeping, I acted on my own accord and healed the injury on your left arm. I wanted to bring you clothes but what we have here are not your size.” Hu Immortal land spirit reported.

The clothes she mentioned was Hu Immortal’s clothing, they were women’s clothing, of course Fang Yuan could not fit in them.

Fang Yuan frowned: “Clothing is not important, how long have I slept? During this period, did any strong enemies attack the blessed land?”

Hu Immortal’s eyes were large and shining, blinking: “Master, during the seven days you were asleep, nobody attacked.”

“Oh?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone.

He did not know that Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang defended him, blocking the assault of the other nine sects.

But he understood somewhat why no Gu Immortals attacked the blessed land.

Hu Immortal blessed land was not like the three kings blessed land on San Cha mountain.

This blessed land was still very young, it had a land spirit and ample immortal essence storage, and even Dang Hun mountain as the core protection of the blessed land.

These three elements made Hu Immortal blessed land as secure as a fortress, most Gu Immortals had no way to force their way in.

How hard was it to attack this blessed land, Fang Yuan knew most clearly!

Five hundred years into his past life, he allied with almost ten demonic Gu Immortals, invading this place. Eventually, he had a narrow victory, only he and Song Zhong were left.

Song Zhong was the son of Song Zi Xing, a rising star of the demonic path, he has not been born yet.

“Back then, I was already a senior of the demonic path. Song Zhong inherited his father’s inheritance, gaining great strength and was able to fight with me for tens of rounds without a winner emerging, causing him to rise to fame from that battle.”

Thinking of his past life, being used as a stepping stone for this junior Song Zhong, Fang Yuan snickered continuously.

“Everything’s changed now. I’ll find a chance to kill Song Zi Xing, hehe, let’s see how you’ll come into this world.”

Song Zi Xing had one part of the blood sea inheritance, it was the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat. This dragon bat is not a Gu worm, it can be captured and taken away.

“With the violent blood dragon bat, I will gain an endless number of blood bats. Manipulating blood bats was one of my greatest skill in my previous life. Of course, that is a plan for the future. Now, I have to rely on this blessed land to cultivate quickly, getting back to my Gu Immortal stage!”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan thought of an important question: “Land spirit, how long more till the next earthly calamity?”

“Master, I was about to inform you if you did not ask me. Right now, the blessed land has already endured five earthly calamities, the sixth is a year and three months away.” Hu Immortal’s voice was filled with anxiety and worry.

“What? A year and three months!” Fang Yuan jumped up from his bed, unable to sit any longer, his face turning grim.

Everything exists in balance, heaven is impartial. Strength comes with weakness, blessing comes with calamities. Blessed lands have calamities and tribulations, an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every hundred years.

Not mentioning the heavenly tribulation but just the earthly calamity; once it occurs, the might is overwhelming, often causing great disasters, if the blessed land cannot endure it, they will face destruction.

Fang Yuan had a blessed land in his previous life, he was extremely clear of the danger of his current situation!

To a blessed land, every earthly calamity is a strict test. Earthly calamities get stronger than the one before, Hu Immortal died in the fifth, and Fang Yuan was about to face the even stronger sixth calamity.

“There are only a year and three months left to the earthly calamity. Why was it not mentioned in Feng Jin Huang’s biography? That’s right, she is a disciple of Spirit Affinity House, her parents are both Gu Immortals, with their help, it is not hard to block the earthly calamity. But to me, this is a grave situation!”

The sixth calamity is coming too quickly, even with Fang Yuan’s experience, he would not have time to make ample preparations.

Other than that, he still had to guard against external enemies.

“Under everyone’s watchful eye, I snatched Hu Immortal blessed land, although the tens sects have not made a move, they are surely waiting to pounce on me. I understand now, the ten sects are waiting for the earthly calamity, and want to make use of it?”

Once the earthly calamity descends, the land spirit will have to face it with everything she had, she would not have time to take care of this master. Fang Yuan was still rank four upper stage, he was easy to target. Once he dies, the blessed land would be ownerless, and the land spirit will have to find a new master.

If the earthly calamity causes a huge loophole, Gu Masters outside would be able to enter at will. If the ten sects find trouble then, it would add on to his problems, and the situation would certainly turn deadly.

Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, because his soul was injured, it caused his head to hurt.

He rearranged his scattered thoughts, and breathed out deeply, deciding: “I’ll take a look at the situation, make the best preparations for this earthly calamity. If I fail, I will give up the blessed land and order it to self-destruct, not giving the righteous path any resources for free, then escape using fixed immortal travel Gu.”

Although the blessed land was good, how could it compare to his safety?

With such a thought, Fang Yuan called the land spirit to bring him outside, he needed to know more about the blessed land now.

“Yes.” Land spirit nodded obediently, but hesitantly added: “Master, you do not like clothes? Actually, wearing nice clothing would make one feel more energised, and you will feel happier too.”

Fang Yuan: “…”

The dresses in Dang Hun palace was not for Fang Yuan to wear. But he had stored some spare clothing inside the tusita flower.

After changing into a black robe, Fang Yuan followed the land spirit, going up on the stairs and reaching the mountain peak.

Dang Hun montain’s winds were very strong.

But land spirit waved her hand, and it turned into a soothing breeze.

“Master, this blessed land has 4000km2 of land. The flow of time is five times. The 4000km2 of land is mostly grassland, the grass is made up of blue degree grass, water chestnut grass, and six divine grass primarily, there are also seven treasure flowers and milk tea flowers etc.”

The land spirit introduced as she drew a virtual image, floating in the air for Fang Yuan to see.

In the image, there was a classic grassland, with all sorts of colors, like a grass carpet right before him.

The blue and poisonous blue degree grass, the chestnut shaped water chestnut grass, six divine grass which looked like six thin leaves with the feeling of jade. And also the seven colored seven treasure flower, the cup shaped milk tea flower filled with nectar that were like milk tea.

With these seven as the main, there were also a lot of weed and wild flowers.

Fang Yuan looked as he nodded.

Do not look down on these grass and flowers, they are cultivation resources.

These seven types of grass and flowers were Gu refinement ingredients. Some of the flowers and grass even has wild Gu worms. With 4000km2 worth of land, compared to Earth, that was one and a half Hong Kong added together. How many Gu would there be in total?

These wild Gu worms were extremely easy to catch. With just a command from Fang Yuan, the land spirit would be able to capture them intact and hand it over to Fang Yuan.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 409: Managing the Blessed Land 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan asked: “Then how many Gu are there in the blessed land now?”

The Hu Immortal land spirit raised her head by a bit: “At present, there are over eight hundred and sixty thousand rank one Gu, with about fifty-two types of them. Over a hundred and thirty thousand rank two Gu, with forty-eight types. Five thousand rank three Gu, with twelve types. Only over sixty rank four Gu, with eight types. And only one rank five Gu – fox skin Gu.”

After Hu Immortal died, her obsession did not disappear and combined with this land’s heavenly power to form into an unusual existence known as the land spirit. In some way, it could be said to be a continuation of her life.

Thus, the land spirit was the representative of this blessed land and was clear about everything in the blessed land.

As Fang Yuan had become the master of the blessed land now, everything in the blessed land was his.

Over eight hundred and sixty thousand rank one Gu, hundred and thirty thousand rank two Gu; these two combined meant nearly a million Gu worms!

Fang Yuan recalled the time in Qing Mao mountain, those days where he had to scheme and fight for two to three rank one and rank two Gu.

A blessed land could only be created by a Gu Immortal, it was the foundation of their wealth, a heavenly estate. Just this Hu Immortal Blessed Land alone could supply for a super clan. There would not be any problem to put five or six small-mid sized clans like Gu Yue clan here!

As for the Gu worms in the blessed land, their quantity sharply decreased at rank three. Rank four Gu worms did not reach hundred and there was only one rank five Gu.

This situation was also natural.

It was the same with Gu Masters.

Rank one and rank two Gu Masters were extremely common, rank three were already rare, rank four were even fewer, and only one or two rank five Gu Masters might appear among a million people.

This was a pyramid distribution; the quantity reduces the higher you go, and the ones who occupied the top were extremely few in numbers.

“This blessed land is still young and with appropriate managing, the quantity of the Gu worms will still increase. Reaching ten million rank one and two Gu will not be difficult. But whether I can raise them properly or not, it depends on the types and quantity of the rank four and rank five Gu.” Fang Yuan calculated.

Mortal Gu Masters would usually only raise five or six Gu, while Gu Immortals could raise a million or even ten million Gu worms. The difference between the two is as far as the clouds were from the mud.

These Gu being raised in Hu Immortal blessed land could only be considered passable.

On one hand, the numbers were little, being only about a million. On another hand, the Gu were not elites. From the introduction Fang Yuan got, they were all ordinary Gu. If they were changed to Gu like liquor worm or breath concealment Gu, their value would be much higher.

Even the rank five fox skin Gu was an extremely common defensive Gu; it was effective against wind and water path Gu worms, but was difficult to use in complex battlefield. Fang Yuan did not even take a look at it.

The thing that really moved him was the time in the blessed land.

Time flowed five times faster in Hu Immortal blessed land. That is to say, one day in the outside world would mean five days here.

This meant Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would be five times faster in the blessed land! He could cultivate for a year and three months here when only three months would have passed in the outside world.

With this, Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would surpass most Gu Masters and he would have greater initiative for his future plans.

Naturally, there was a huge disadvantage to this. Fang Yuan’s lifespan was only about a hundred years, thus with this, he would age five times faster as well.

The land spirit continued with the introduction: “At present, there are about a thousand groups of fox living here; red fox, golden fox, cloud fox, wind fox, autumn fox, flowing light fox, and so on. The three largest groups of foxes each has about eight hundred thousand foxes. Altogether, there are about four million and seven hundred thousand foxes.”

Fang Yuan quietly listened to it and nodded his head.

Three groups of myriad foxes meant three myriad beast kings. The development of the beasts in the blessed land had still not reached a level of creating a beast emperor.

The classification of beasts was simple. From low to high, they were hundred beast king, thousand beast king, myriad beast king and beast emperor.

For example, Ba Huang and Ying Ming of three kings inheritance were two beast emperors with battle strength that could match rank five Gu Masters; they were able to temporarily obstruct Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s advance.

“There are a lot of fox groups, but unfortunately they are all common foxes and not mutated beasts.” Fang Yuan inwardly evaluated.

Ordinary beast’s worth naturally could not compare with mutated beasts. Examples would be comparing boar and thunder boar; green bull and kunlun bull; wild dog and lion mastiff.

Above the mutated beasts were desolate beasts; above desolate beasts were ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts.

Song Zi Xing’s violent blood dragon bat was an ancient desolate beast, one of the nine true inheritances of Ancestor Blood Sea. Immemorial desolate beasts were recorded in >, an example would be the nine-tailed fox.

“Raising a nine-tailed fox in Hu Immortal blessed land is but a dream. Even raising an ancient desolate beast is impossible. If it is ordinary desolate beasts like hurricane fox or phoenix wings fox, raising one or two of them could be feasible but it would greatly depend on luck.” Fang Yuan continued to consider.

Since he had obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, his plans after rebirth had reached a whole new level, thus he had to revise and modify them.

At this time, Jia clan’s internal strife should have already stirred like a wildfire and he would not be able to participate in it. He also could not participate in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain. Fang Yuan intended to make full use of this Hu Immortal blessed land and cultivate to the realm of Gu Immortal. This meant that he not only had to resist the continuous earthly calamities but also had to manage the blessed land.

Currently, the Gu worms were barely passable and the foxes might be ordinary but they had the potential to grow.

“Actually, there were a lot more fox groups in the blessed land. At least, three times more than the present. But the second earthly calamity caused a meteor fire rain that smashed the blessed land’s east area into ruins, burning hundreds of thousands of foxes to death; the dark flames of that time have not been extinguished even now. The fourth earthly calamity was a huge flood that submerged most of the grassland of the blessed land’s northern area, killing many more foxes. Thus, there are only this many remaining at present.” The land spirit pursed her pink lips, her eyes revealing fear and panic as she talked about the earth calamity.

At the same time, she waved her small hand and smoke flew to the air, showing the scenes of the eastern and northern parts of the blessed land.

Fang Yuan could see: The eastern part was a scene of ruin with dust and smoke pervading the whole place. There were meteoric craters all over the place, and black flames were burning around the craters. The flames burned without emitting the least bit of sound, but this manifested an even more terrifying aura.

And the northern part was a scene of vast clear water. Dark clouds rumbled in the air and rain fell endlessly. The surging water emitted bleak and gloomy sound. There were bits of grass and destroyed flowers, along with fox corpses floating on the water.

“These are the dark flame meteor and clouded white sea calamities.” Seeing such a bleak scene, Fang Yuan could not help feeling gloomy.

The might of an earthly calamity was extremely strong, moreover there were countless types of calamity, and were simply impossible to plan against.

Every ten years, the earthly calamity would pose a destructive threat towards the blessed land. Hu Immortal defended for five times before losing her life. And the devastation the previous earthly calamities left were still there and had not been cured.

This was a really bad news to Fang Yuan.

Hu Immortal Blessed Land has an area of 4000km2, but northern and eastern areas were gone, causing the loss of over 1300km2 of area. Such loss was truly disastrous.

“I must settle these two problems. Apart from anything else, a lot of Immortal Essence will be used in order to suppress the burning black flames and the spreading flood.” Fang Yuan mumbled in a soft voice.

However, following immediately, Hu Immortal land spirit mentioned an even worse news.

“Master, the biggest trouble is here. Look, this is what was left from the fifth earthly calamity.” She waved her hand and the image changed to show a different scene.

Fang Yuan saw a scene of scorched black prairie, and a human figure formed from blue lightning was sitting cross-legged on the ground.

It’s physique was not big and looked quite alluring, however it was formed purely from lightning. The glorious blue light let out an extremely terrifying might!

“Human shaped lightning, this is the earth calamity — blue charm lightning shadow!” Fang Yuan drew in a cold breath.

This human shaped lightning was one of the earth calamities; it was extremely strong and could match a rank six Gu Immortal!

Fang Yuan looked at this scene and immediately realized the killer that killed Hu Immortal was probably this blue charm lightning shadow!

Hu Immortal was an enslavement path Gu Master who controlled fox groups. Enslavement path was strong but also weak, and could very easily be subdued by beheading the leader tactics. Although there were many fox groups, they could not obstruct blue charm lightning shadow. In the end, Hu Immortal had to fight the lightning figure in close combat and lost her life.

“Damn it, how could there be this lightning shadow in this blessed land?” Fang Yuan’s expression turned extremely unsightly.

He had ways to slowly settle the previous two troubles. However, this human shaped lightning was already beyond his current ability.

“Master, you need to be careful when you roam around later, this human shaped lightning strolls randomly around the blessed land. Only Dang Hun Mountain, it dares not approach.” The land spirit’s pink and delicate face was bathed in the image of the blue lightning, her voice slightly shaky.

“This lightning is an earth calamity but is also a type of living thing. Since it is a living thing, it has a soul and thus if it approaches Dang Hun Mountain, its soul will receive shockwaves until it turns to ashes.” Fang Yuan had already settled his mind now.

“Maybe I can use Dang Hun Mountain to settle this lightning shadow? But how can I lure it?” Fang Yuan’s thoughts took a turn, however the next instant the buzzing noise echoed in his ears again.

He shook his head and did not continue thinking.

“Are there any other bad news, tell them all at once.” He gave a bitter smile and asked the land spirit.

The situation was much worse than what he imagined. Hu Immortal blessed land was in imminent crisis; whether it was the internal worries or external aggression, they were both very grave.

As for Feng Jin Huang – with Gu Immortal parents and also the help of Spirit Affinity House – she naturally did not need to worry about these things.

But Fang Yuan was just a lone force.

Naturally, there were benefits that only a lone force could have. In the biography of Feng Jin Huang, it was recorded Feng Jin Huang had to offer a large amount of resources to her sect after obtaining the blessed land.

The land spirit shook her small head. She had already reported the worst situations, remaining were all good news.

First of all, in the southern area of the blessed land lived a tribe of rockmen.

Rockman was a type of variant humans who lived underground and ate ore as food.

This news was an unexpected surprise to Fang Yuan.

Secondly, there was abundant immortal essence in Hu Immortal blessed land.

The land spirit brought Fang Yuan to the palace in Dang Hun Mountain. In the deepest parts of the palace was an enormous golden bowl which was filled with green immortal essence.

Besides the green liquid in the bowl, most of the Immortal Essence had automatically congealed into a ball. At first glance, it looked like a grape.

This was something only rank six Gu Immortals had — green grape immortal essence!

Each green grape immortal essence pearl contained immortal essence that was much more than the immortal essence in the three kings blessed land.

“With this immortal essence, there is still quite a bit of hope!” Fang Yuan finally breathed in relief.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 410 Dang Hun Mountain’s Gutstone 

Fang Yuan counted, the golden bowl had seventy-eight pieces of green grape immortal essence. Adding in the layer of blue-green immortal liquid essence at the bottom of the bowl, it amounted to seventy-eight pieces and a half.

There was ample immortal essence, a hundred times that of the three kings blessed land.

Fang Yuan took out one bead of green grape immortal essence, holding it in his hand, willing and summoning fixed immortal travel Gu.

Fixed immortal travel Gu was like jade, a meticulously crafted butterfly, it was brilliant and elegant, flying over smoothly.

Fang Yuan’s face paled as his body shook, cold sweat emerging on his body as his vision turned dark. If he was not holding onto the golden railing at the side, he would have fallen.

“Master, be careful. Your soul injury was severe, do not summon an Immortal Gu so carelessly, otherwise you would fall into another coma.” Little Hu Immortal shouted, her tone anxious and her expression concerned.

“No worry, I know.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, waving his hand as he spread his palm for fixed immortal travel Gu to land.

fixed immortal travel Gu sensed the green grape immortal essence’s aura and fluttered its wings, gliding in the air and landing in Fang Yuan’s palm.

Next, it laid down on the green grape immortal essence and slowly consumed it.

Fixed immortal travel’s name contained an “immortal” word, that was not for show. Its food was immortal essence.

A moment later, one green grape immortal essence was expended.

Gu Masters refine Gu, use Gu, and nurture Gu. After Fang Yuan succeeded in its refinement, he had not fed the fixed immortal travel Gu yet.

He slept for seven days and seven nights, the fixed immortal travel Gu was starving and its lustrous wings had dimmed.

This was Fang Yuan’s first feeding session for it.

After fixed immortal travel Gu had its fill, it spread its wings and flew in the air. The bright green light appeared again, like dust particles in the air, every time it flapped its wings, it would be a beautiful light show. The unique aura of an Immortal Gu continued to radiate.

“Immortal Gu are expensive to feed, fixed immortal travel Gu consumes an entire piece of immortal essence every time! But after this, I would not need to feed it for six years.”

The higher the rank of the Gu worm, the heavier the cost to feed it, but the interval between each feeding session would increase greatly as well.

Rank one and two Gu worms needed to be fed every few days. Rank four were fed one a few months. Rank five were fed every one or two years, and each time they ate, it would be extremely expensive.

Aftering feeding fixed immortal travel Gu, Fang Yuan left it alone to roam Dang Hun palace, as long as it did not leave Dang Hun mountain and get killed by that lightning shadow.

At this moment, Fang Yuan’s aperture was still rank four upper stage, it could not contain a perfectly healthy Immortal Gu.

The reason he could keep Spring Autumn Cicada was because it was too weak. Other than that, it was also his vital Gu.

Problems are classified into important and trivial, after understanding his situation, Fang Yuan confirmed that he was safe for the time being. After settling fixed immortal travel Gu’s matter, he had to fix his soul’s injury next.

“Let’s go, little Hu Immortal, go find the gutstones with me.”

“Yes!” Land spirit answered quickly: “Master, you should’ve done this long ago, come with me.”

Little Hu Immortal brought Fang Yuan to Dang Hun mountain.

The two moved on the uneven mountain rocks, Fang Yuan’s body was swaying, causing the land spirit to feel worried: “Master, shall I teleport you over?”

“Teleport for what? We have to save immortal essence!” Fang Yuan stared with wide eyes.

Little Hu Immortal stuck out her tongue, frightened by Fang Yuan’s words, thinking: This master is so domineering, even if he is injured, he is still so scary.

“Master, there is a gutstone here.” After walking for a while, land spirit stopped and pointed at a rock below her feet, shouting.

This stone was like a person’s gallstone, it grew on the mountain rocks, having mixed colors. If one did not look properly, they would think it was an ordinary stone.

Fang Yuan quickly walked over, squatting down and smashing this gutstone with his hand.

Once the stone shattered, a Gu flew out and turned into a grey eerie light, entering Fang Yuan’s body.

Fang Yuan felt his brain turning clear, a new type of strength had entered his soul, and the buzzing in his ears had lessened.

Dang Hun mountain could shook souls, it was the death grounds of all living beings. It was only because of the land spirit’s suppression that Fang Yuan could move around with ease.

But Dang Hun mountain was not a simple death ground.

The souls of living beings break into pieces on the mountain, scattering and fusing with the mountain. As time passes, gutstones are formed.

And in some gutstones, guts Gu are found, it could strengthen a person’s soul.

This is like how the resting place of a poisonous snake has the herbs to create an antidote. All living beings compete, and the world is fair; where there is life, there is death.

Dang Hun mountain might look like an absolute death ground, but a chance of survival was hidden in it.

But this guts Gu can only exist for an instant, after that, it would either disperse or be broken down by Dang Hun mountain again. Although the land spirit can suppress the mountain, the gutstones cannot be moved, they can only be used on the spot. Thus, Fang Yuan had to go there himself and walk around Dang Hun mountain.

After being rejuvenated by this guts Gu, Fang Yuan was like a thirsty traveller in the desert getting a mouthful of fresh water.

He continued on his way, and with this land spirit acting as a dutiful guide, they found another dozen gutstones, smashing them open one by one.

Thus, Fang Yuan gained another eight guts Gu to replenish his soul. Not only did his injuries heal completely, it even improved compared to before.

“Hahaha, with this Dang Hun mountain, I have a mountain of gutstones. As long as I continue to consume guts Gu, one day, the foundation of my soul will reach a stage where no one has ever gotten to!”

Standing at the mountain waist, Fang Yuan became spirited as he laughed loudly.

Hu Immortal was a lucky person, because of an opportunity, she managed to obtain Dang Hun mountain, like she won lottery, and moved it into her blessed land.

But she was an extremely unlucky person, dying during the fifth earthly calamity.

“If it was not for the blue charm lightning shadow, she would eventually become the strongest enslavement path expert! Unfortunately, Hu Immortal only had Dang Hun mountain, but did not manage to use it for herself. But fortunately, this Dang Hun mountain is mine now!”

The most valuable part of Hu Immortal blessed land was this Dang Hun mountain!

Of course, the soul could not be strengthened endlessly with guts Gu. Once the soul was not concentrated enough, using large numbers of guts Gu would cause it to over-inflate and trigger a certain-death disaster.

But Fang Yuan had his five hundred years of experience, all his ups and downs after rebirth, constantly struggling at death’s door, his soul was already tempered like steel!

Keeping calm at the face of death, a heart of ice at impending doom.

To Fang Yuan, a few hundred guts Gu was no problem at all.

There were a lot of benefits and implications in having a strong soul foundation. Be it refining Gu or enslaving beasts, it would make it much easier. Other than these, once the soul becomes stronger, Fang Yuan would not have to worry about killer moves like Mo Wu Tian’s purple eyes.

Dang Hun mountain is a forbidden ground, first appearing in >.

Legend says that Verdant Great Sun flew towards the sky, and ended plunging to his death.

Ren Zu, as his father, was extremely upset after receiving the news, finding wisdom Gu for an explanation.

It was wisdom Gu who taught Verdant Great Sun to drink, causing the series of events thereafter.

Wisdom Gu quickly said: “Ren Zu, oh Ren Zu, don’t find trouble with me. Although your son died, it is not impossible to revive him. As long as you enter the door of life and death, and lead him towards the road of life, walking under the sunlight, he would be revived.

Ren Zu was shocked, before becoming overjoyed, and then extremely furious.

He grabbed wisdom Gu and questioned: “Wisdom Gu, oh wisdom Gu, do you still think I am that ignorant boy from before? The door of life and death is a dangerous place, once I enter I will never be able to leave. After harming my son, you want to kill me too?”

Wisdom Gu quickly said: “Other living beings do not know the secret of the door of life and death, thus they cannot leave. But I can teach you all of these secrets.”

“You are a living person, to enter the door of life and death, you have to enter from the road of death. This road is extraordinary, it was the road left behind by destiny Gu when it left fairness Gu. The road left behind was called path of destiny. There are many suffering Gu inside the path of life, you have to enter from the road of death, and you need to own courage Gu. That way, you will not fear the torture of suffering.”

“When you enter the door of life and death, and see fairness Gu, you are already dead. But at the same time, you will see your eldest son, Verdant Great Sun’s soul. You will bring him away, and go out from another road, the road of life. Road of life was the path treaded on by destiny Gu when it visited fairness Gu, it is also called the path of destiny.”

“But during this path, you will meet three obstacles. One is Dang Hun mountain, another is called Luo Po valley, and lastly the reverse flow river. To climb past Dang Hun mountain, you have to smash the gutstones on it, and obtain guts Gu’s help. To get past Luo Po valley, you need to find faith Gu to help. To get through the reverse flow river, you have to move forward continuously, not stopping for even a second during the process.”

Ren Zu heard wisdom Gu’s words and let it go.

He quickly found faith Gu.

Ever since he became blind, faith Gu’s light was the only light he could see.

“Oh Ren Zu, I can feel your determination in getting back your eldest son. I am willing to help you, but I urge you not to give up on this goal. Because when you give up, I will leave you for good.” Faith Gu said with concern.

Ren Zu found courage Gu next.

Courage Gu and hope Gu were good companions.

Ren Zu had hope Gu, and thus saw courage Gu occasionally, he had a decent relationship with it.

After getting courage Gu’s help, Ren Zu came to the door of life and death, entering the road of death.

The road of death was pure darkness, the large number of suffering Gu were like yellow fireflies, swarming towards Ren Zu. At this time, courage Gu shone brightly, chasing away the suffering Gu for Ren Zu.

Courage was needed to face death.

Ren Zu succeeded in going down, his body turned whiter as it turned hollow, gradually turning into a ghost.

He could “see” again.

When he got to the end of the road, amidst the calm darkness, he saw fairness Gu.

He was extremely shocked by fairness Gu’s huge body, exclaiming: “You are fairness Gu? Why is your body so huge? A mountain is a speck of dust compared to you. The sea is like a droplet compared to you.”

Fairness Gu’s voice was grand: “Life and death are the greatest fairness in this world, when I am inside the door of life and death, my body will become enormous. Oh Ren Zu, you are here for your son right. Feel free to go, he is right there.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 411: Great Future Plans 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Ren Zu was overjoyed upon seeing his son and ran towards him.

Verdant Great Sun had turned into a white ghost and was lying beside a lake, scooping out the water with a bowl and drinking it.

The water was like wine with its fragrance pervading the area.

Verdant Great Sun drank it with utmost satisfaction.

“My son, don’t drink anymore. Come, let’s go back.” Ren Zu walked towards Verdant Great Sun and shouted.

“Esteemed father, how did you come here? This is great, let’s drink together.” Verdant Great Sun opened his hazy eyes and looked at Ren Zu.

Ren Zu seized the wine bowl from him and said with exasperation: “Don’t drink anymore, you only know how to drink wine! Everyone knows there is a bewitching lake in the land of the dead, and its water is the bewitching soup. When ghosts drink it, they become muddle-headed and lose the desire to leave.”

Verdant Great Sun, however, refuted: “Father, you are wrong. This is not the bewitching soup, it is the soul calming wine. It can calm down your soul and remove all the impurities; your soul will no longer be restless and you will experience utmost tranquility in your heart. This is one of the best quality wines in this world.”

“I don’t care what wine it is, you have to follow me back.” Ren Zu pulled Verdant Great Sun’s hand, but found Verdant Great Sun was as heavy as a mountain and could not be budged.

Verdant Great Sun shook his head: “Some people, upon death, will be as heavy as a mountain. Some people, upon death, will be light as a feather. Father, I had reputation Gu in my life and died after bathing in the light of glory. When I arrived here, my body had become heavier than a mountain, I cannot even walk a single step and can only lie down here.”

“What!” Ren Zu immediately felt gloomy and anxiously shouted, “I told you before, a tall tree attracts the wind, reputation is not always a good thing. Throw away the reputation Gu.”

Verdant Great Sun shook his head and sighed: “We were not born with fame and fortune, we also cannot take them with us after death. After I died, reputation Gu left me. It is fixed immortal travel Gu that has accompanied me.”

Fixed immortal travel Gu could bring Verdant Great Sun’s soul out of the door of life and death or even bring him to any place in the outside world.

However, Verdant Great Sun could only truly resurrect after walking through the path of life.

“What do we do now…” Ren Zu realized he had been played by wisdom Gu. Although he had arrived at the deepest part of the door of life and death — a death domain that had endless darkness, and has also found Verdant Great Sun, he discovered he could not bring back his son.

At this moment, fairness Gu spoke: “Oh Ren Zu, do you still not understand? There are only two paths in door of life and death, both appeared because of destiny Gu. Life and death is determined by destiny! All living beings live and thus die, this is the cycle that allows the universe to continue existing. Your eldest son Verdant Great Sun died, this is destiny and you should accept it. Moreover, he is living a good life here, obsession death domain is the world’s most tranquil place. He is drinking the world’s supreme quality wine and is free from all the worries of the outside world, do you know how blissful this is?”

Ren Zu stood there and looked at his flesh and blood for a while before heaving a deep sigh.

He knew he could not bring back his son’s soul, at least it was like that for now.

He bid farewell to the fairness Gu and also his son, and left the obsession death domain.

He stepped on another path this time; it was the path of life which went from darkness to light.

However, Ren Zu soon realized walking this path was countless times more difficult than when he walked in through the path of death.

There were many more suffering Gu on path of life than path of death. When Ren Zu had walked through the path of death, his journey became smoother along the way and the suffering Gu lesser the further he walked. But as he walked through the path of life, there was not only more suffering Gu, but every step he took would cause much more suffering Gu to fly over and obstruct him.

Courage Gu could not resist them any longer: “Ren Zu, there are too many suffering Gu and they will continue to increase. There is peace in death, but life has endless suffering. Go to Dang Hun mountain quickly and break some gutstones. If you want to survive, just relying on courage won’t be enough, you need guts too.”

Ren Zu hurried forward to Dang Hun mountain and picked the guts Gu while enduring the tremors in his soul.

With guts Gu’s help, his soul strengthened grealy, and although he still suffered the tremors, it was not of much worry.

He passed through Dang Hun mountain and arrived at Luo Po valley.

Luo Po valley was a maze with winding and twisted paths. Occasionally, there were a large area of bewilderment fog which could cause the soul to loosen; and occasionally, Luo Po wind would blow through and cut apart the soul.

Ren Zu had fallen into the lowest part of my life and could not distinguish the directions. Because his soul was strengthened by guts Gu, it was loosening in the bewilderment fog at a slower speed. The loosened soul was cut apart by the Luo Po wind.

Ren Zu almost completely lost his way, but fortunately at this time, faith Gu flew out and shone upon his path.

Ren Zu was able to walk out of the Luo Po valley with only the essence of his soul remaining.

He let out a huge breath of relief and could feel he was close to success.

He walked to the reverse flowing river, this was the final barrier in the path of life.

It was extremely difficult to move against the stream.

Endless suffering pushed upon him, causing him to make very slow progress.

However, he forcibly persevered and walked towards the light.

“Almost there.” He looked at the success that was just ahead of him, only one final step remained.

He let out a breath of turbid air and relaxed; forgetting the warning of the wisdom Gu, he stopped.

This brief pause caused Ren Zu to be washed away by the river.

Life was not easy, it was like a boat moving against the flow of the river, if you do not continue moving forward, you will be pushed back.

Ren Zu was washed away by the river into the depths of Luo Po valley, he was so tired he could not budge a bit and was trapped in the Luo Po valley.

 …

Fang Yuan broke the final guts stone and groaned in satisfaction.

Right now, he felt very comfortable. The heavy injuries in his soul were already completely recovered and moreover, his soul had even strengthened by five times!

A feeling of power burst out from the depths of his heart.

This feeling did not come from the strengthening of his physical body but from the vigor of his spirits. Fang Yuan had a feeling he could do anything easily, whether it was analyzing problems or doing multiple tasks.

“Unfortunately, there are only over a hundred gutstones on Dang Hun mountain and not all of them contained guts Gu.” Fang Yuan felt some regret.

When Hu Immortal obtained Dang Hun mountain, it had already changed hands several times and was completed looted.

Hu Immortal moved it to the blessed land and managed it for decades. Almost every year, she would send large amounts of foxes to their deaths at Dang Hun mountain. Using their soul to irrigate the mountain and create gutstones.

However, these gutstones were almost all used by the Hu Immortal. After she died, these over hundred gutstones had slowly grown over close to eight years and now were completely used by Fang Yuan.

According to the Hu Immortal land spirit’s description, close to ten thousand foxes needed to be sacrificed to grow a guts stone. The stronger the beast kings that died, the more gutstones would be produced.

Fang Yuan could not adopt this method.

When the blessed land was at its prime, it was inevitable and alright for Hu Immortal to do so. However, the blessed land was very weak now and the fox groups had decreased by a large amount. Killing these fox groups was not sensible for long term prospects.

With his soul injuries recovered, Fang Yuan started quietly thinking his future plans without relaxing the slightest bit.

Obtaining the Hu Immortal blessed land was no doubt a huge help to his plans, but at the same time also greatly affected his plans.

“Now, with Dang Hun mountain in my possession, my soul’s foundation can continue to strengthen. And from my previous life, I have experience and insight in controlling the blood bats, such enormous advantage should be used. Walking the enslavement path is an obvious choice now.”

“However, there is also a disadvantage in enslavement path in that the enslavement path Gu Masters can be easily assaulted and beheaded. So I cannot relax in my strength path cultivation as well!”

With this, Fang Yuan was going to walk on both strength and enslavement paths, organizing and feeding two sets of Gu worms.

If it was before, it would be difficult for Fang Yuan to do this. But now, with Hu Immortal blessed land, it would be no problem.

“The perfect outcome is to refine second aperture Gu. With second aperture, I could divide the sets of enslavement and strength path into different apertures without disturbing each other. At the same time, there would be enough primeval essence to control the two sets of Gu worms.”

At that time, with a wave of his hand, a huge army of beasts and insects would cover the sky and earth, creating a river of blood in a blink of an eye, creating destruction and mayhem.

If there was any foolish person who tried to use the tactic of beheading the leader, then Fang Yuan’s strength path cultivation would make them realize how cruel reality was and why flowers were red 1 !

Thinking of this, Fang Yuan took out the second aperture Gu from his aperture.

This Gu was like a peanut shell, shining with golden light, the patterns on its surface were scarlet veins of blood. This was the embryo form of the second aperture Gu, formed from combining false Gu and lifespan Gu; it could survive for forty years.

“There are enough immortal essence to truly refine the second aperture Gu, two third watch Gu can also be easily obtained, but I still require divine travel Gu.” Fang Yuan pondered.

Immortal Gu were unique, only one Immortal Gu of the same type could exist in the world. Divine travel Gu was already transformed into fixed immortal travel Gu and no longer existed now. This allowed a new divine travel Gu to appear in the world.

Moreover, there was an extraordinary advantage of divine travel Gu – it could be easily obtained. It was not like the other Immortal Gu that were so hard to capture.

The legends of Ren Zu had written it clearly; as long as one drank the four top quality wines of the world, divine travel Gu could condense into being in their body.

Apart from the wine brewed by the wild beasts and those that were naturally formed, human’s brewing techniques had flourished continually, and now the amount of top quality wines were much more than the ancient times.

Searching for the four top quality wines might be somewhat troublesome, but could be done by spending some time.

Fang Yuan had the blessed land and the assistance of the little Hu Immortal land spirit,

 But the main problem did not lie here.

Because divine travel Gu could be easily obtained, others could also easily take advantage of it. In case, someone else obtained divine travel Gu, no matter how much top quality wines Fang Yuan drank, he would not obtain the divine travel Gu.

“Southern Border’s Fei clan possess a top quality wine Zhuang Si Fei. Eastern Sea’s rank seven Gu Immortal Zui Xian Weng has created a sea of wine, concealing countless wines, and holds a wine reception every year. Northern Plain’s Imperial court has the long life wine. These great forces or maybe other Gu Immortals as well could be in possession of one or two top quality wine; their chances of obtaining divine travel Gu is much greater than mine.”

With this calculation, Fang Yuan not only had to resist the earthly calamity and manage the blessed land, he also had to quickly gather the four top quality wine and refine second aperture Gu.

“However, these are not all, the crucial point lies in Spring Autumn Cicada. Time is flowing five times faster here, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed will also become extremely quick. Being able to rebirth three times is already an extremely good luck, I cannot gamble on luck the fourth time. Before Spring Autumn Cicada recovers, I need to have success at first attempt Gu, immediate success Gu, smooth success Gu or any of the others.”

Fang Yuan did not have enough strength before. Now, he had the blessed land and abundant resources, he could try to get these Gu already.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 412: I like your fear 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Hu Immortal blessed land, southern district.

“Yan Yong, Yan Yong, wake up quickly. Stop sleeping, you’ve slept for three years already!”

A voice woke Yan Yong up from his sleep.

A lump of grey stones with a mossy surface started to vibrate, as the tremors intensified, causing the dust to disperse. From the large oval stone, four limbs and a head appeared like the blossoming of a flower.

Next, a grey rockman stood up — Yan Yong woke up from his sleep.

“Grandpa?” Yan Yong opened his eyes, looking at the rockman who woke him up, it was his eight hundred year old grandpa, the leader of the Hui Shi tribe.

“Grandpa, why did you wake me up, I want to sleep for another two to three years.” Yan Yong sighed, begrudging.

Rockmen loved to sleep. When they sleep, the curled into a ball, forming a large oval stone. Each sleeping session lasts seven to eight years.

“Stop sleeping, my grandson, you are already a hundred and eighty years old. Your father died earlier, and I cannot live much longer. In a few decades, you will be our Hui Shi tribe’s new tribe leader.”

Rockmen have a long lifespan, generally a thousand years to live. Ordinary humans could barely live for a hundred years, but Yan Yong was a hundred and eighty, and had just reached adulthood.

“Grandpa, I do not want to be tribe leader. After becoming leader, I will not have time to sleep casually anymore.” Yan Yong pouted, but saw his grandpa staring angrily, and chose to shut up.

Hui Shi tribe leader chided: “Why haven’t you grown up? You slept for so many years in vain. Quickly pack up, and clean the moss off you, pull off all the weed that had grown on you. Bring the offerings with you and go with grandpa to the ground, we have to meet the immortal, we cannot be disrespectful!”

“Ah? It is time to pay offerings to the immortal again? But I remember there is still a year left.” Yan Yong said as he plucked the weed off him.

After sleeping for so many years, his armpits, his groin, and back all had lots of weed. Especially the black thread grass in his groin area, they were hard as steel and curly. Every time he plucked one, Yan Yong felt great pain.

“Sigh, there is a problem this time. The immortal changed, this immortal came not too long ago, he is calling for us.” Old clan leader sighed and said with worry.

“New male immortal? I hope he is easier to speak to than that female immortal. Maybe we can discuss with him, after all, we have to contribute so much offerings every ten years, it is taxing.”

“Mm, the other tribe leaders and I also have this thought.”

…

On a large altar made of green rocks, Fang Yuan wore his black robe as his long black hair was let down, sitting at the main seat staring at the people below with his deep dark pupils.

There were tens of rockmen kneeling below, among them, eight were rockmen leaders, two grey rockmen, three granite rockmen, one iron rockman, one green rockman, and one white rockman.

At the same time, there were offerings.

Large amounts of ore containing gold, silver, bronze, iron, as well as other gems and jewels, Gu worms etc.

All sorts of metallic elements would grow on the rockmen’s bodies as time passed. Fang Yuan looked at these offerings, understanding at once why Dang Hun palace was built so luxuriously.

If these were brought to Earth, they would be a huge asset, but here, their greatest use was to become Gu refinement materials.

Hu Immortal using these things as decoration was only her womanly love for beauty. If she could choose to exchange them for primeval stones, she would trade away all these gems and jewels without a second thought.

Among the offerings, the most valuable were Gu worms.

But these Gu were mostly rank one rock skin Gu, rank two monolith Gu. There was only one rank three Gu, stone aperture Gu.

Fang Yuan had once used this Gu, back then Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure on the aperture could not be relieved, thus when he was desperate, he used it.

The rockmen were skilled at digging, they lived deep underground. Their food was dirt, and sometimes when they dig underground, they would discover Gu worms.

“What did you say? You want to reduce the offerings?” Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted as he stood up, slowly walking down the stairs, coming towards the rockmen leaders.

The rockmen were tall and huge, even when they kneeled on the ground, their shoulders were still higher than Fang Yuan’s head.

“Esteemed lord immortal, our rockmen tribes have contributed so much offerings during these thirty years. During these years, the earth rumbled, the north area had floods, the east area had fires, life is difficult. These things that we managed to acquire are getting harder and harder to find. Immortal, please have mercy, and forgive our inability, reduce the offering amount by a bit.” The oldest rockmen tribe leader begged.

“That’s right, lord immortal, please reduce the offerings.”

“These years, we have been decreasing in numbers.”

“Immortal, please understand, we will never forget your kindness!”

The other rockmen leaders started saying.

“Reduce the offerings? Hehehe, of course you can! In fact, I can exempt you all from these offerings.” Fang Yuan smiled kindly and warmly.

The rockmen’s expression were joyous.

“But I have a condition.” Next, Fang Yuan said: “I need you all to dig a river, from the north, transport the water towards the east, to stop the fire from spreading.”

“What?!” Hearing this, the rockmen were shocked.

Quickly, they reacted, shouting loudly.

“Esteemed lord immortal, you cannot do this!”

“Digging a river from scratch, this is a huge project, we rockmen need sleep. Without sufficient sleep, we will die.”

“And there is a great fire and huge amounts of water. You ask us to go dig a river, but isn’t that asking us to go die?!”

At once, everyone flew into a rage. Many young rockmen were kneeling at one corner, but hearing this, they rushed over, staring at Fang Yuan vigilantly.

“Master.” Hu Immortal land spirit beside Fang Yuan saw this and she felt slightly worried.

The rockmen had a stubborn nature, they had foolhardiness, emphasizing their pride and would not accede to demands. When they are rash, they would even attack Demon Venerables or Immortal Venerables, regardless of who the other party is.

Hu Immortal was only to contain these rockmen because at the start, she had spent a lot of effort and gave them a lot of benefits.

“Master, these rockmen do not reason with people, asking them to offer these things was already their limit…” Little Hu Immortal sent her thoughts to Fang Yuan secretly, reminding him.

“Limit?” Fang Yuan scoffed, his mouth opening as he showed his bright white teeth, laughing ruthlessly: “You rockmen are too insolent, you dare to bargain with me? Hmph! The place you are living at is mine. The dirt you eat is mine. The spirit spring beside your tribe is also mine. You live here, you are my slave! I want to dig a new river, that is not a request, and not a transaction, it is an order!”

The rockmen heard this and they all stood up, looking furious.

“Immortal, you don’t know what’s good for you, you dare to look down on us rockmen!”

“Back then when we relocated here, it was because of a female immortal. But the environment here is getting worse, who would want to stay here anymore?”

“You want us to dig a river, that is asking us to die. Do you think we rockmen are fools?”

“We rockmen are born from heaven and earth, we will not be your slaves. Let’s go, relocate, I’ve had enough of this shitty place!”

The rockmen leaders shouted, falling out with Fang Yuan at once.

The followers they brought, the young rockmen all came forward, clenching their fists as they stared at Fang Yuan with a dangerous look.

“You want to leave? Hahaha.” Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed, like he had heard the funniest joke in the world. Next, he stopped laughing, looking at these rockmen coldly, his tone was chilly: “Where do you think this is? Come and go as you please? The old rules are no more, from today onwards, I am the greatest ruler, my words are heaven’s will! You will abide by my rules, even if you don’t want to!”

“Ahh!” Many young rockmen clenched their fists and howled.

“Immortal, you are trying to step over my tribe’s baseline!”

“Immortal, you might be strong, but we are not afraid.”

“We rockmen will never lower our heads to brute force, we are natural warriors, we fear no death!”

“Only love can make us dig out our hearts. Only warmth can make us lower our backs.”

Roar!

Fang Yuan pushed with his hand and a golden dragon flew out.

The golden dragon roared, killing the rockman that was screaming the loudest.

“Ah, he killed the granite rockmen’s old tribe leader!”

“Old tribe leader is dead, we have to get revenge!!”

“Even an immortal has to die under our tribe’s fury!”

Granite old tribe leader’s death was like the trigger, causing the rockmen’s anger to erupt.

The rockmen attacked Fang Yuan in waves, every step made a dent in the ground, as they gave off an impressive aura. Dozens of rockmen attacked together, giving off the disposition of a grand army of ten thousand.

From their bodies, numerous lights shone. There were also Gu worms inhibiting these rockmen’s bodies, they were activated through their will.

But a moment later, these lights vanished.

Little Hu Immortal struck, sealing all the Gu worms.

Fang Yuan snickered as he began his slaughter.

The rockmen were not afraid of death, but their strength was inferior to fang Yuan, they were all broken down into shards, dying a pathetic death.

But these rock fragments gathered like magnets, forming new rockmen.

“Kill!”

“Resist the tyranny, take revenge for father!!”

“We are born from heaven and earth, we die due to heaven and earth, thus we have no fear!”

Tiny rockmen charged over, and were all slaughtered by Fang Yuan.

But these rock fragments gathered into even smaller rockmen.

The number of these rockmen continued to shrink, but after they were formed, they charged towards Fang Yuan and shouted things like exacting revenge for their grandpa, father etc.

This was the way the rockmen reproduced. It was a male only race, after the old rockmen dies, the soul and rocks they split into will form new rockmen, and inherit a portion of the old rockmen’s memories, or some important experiences. In some cases, old rockmen sleep too much and their soul foundation accumulates to a degree, they would split out a portion of their bodies to form new tiny rockmen.

After Fang Yuan killed the third wave of rockmen, the world was finally silent once more.

Only one rockman remained, lying on the ground, shivering.

“What is your name?” Fang Yuan slowly walked towards him.

“My… my name is Yan… Yan Yong.” The young rockman stammered.

“Do you know why I left only you alive?” Fang Yuan stood on Yan Yong’s head.

“No… I do not know…”

“Because you are terrified. Because I like your fear and horror towards me.” Fang Yuan smiled warmly.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Three days later, a seriously injured Yan Yong returned to his tribe and woke up all the hibernating rockmen.

“A male immortal is here, he is a demon, he wanted to enslave all of us!”

“Not only this, he also wanted to take away the beautiful men of our rockmen tribe, to become his plaything.”

“We rockmen are born of nature, free and unfettered, how could we bow our backs to such lecherous authority?”

“We resisted at the spot. The immortal was too strong, but we rockmen were not afraid of sacrificing and fought him without fearing death; finally, we injured him and beat him into retreat.”

“The other tribesmen were all sacrificed and only I was able to return. I am dying but that immortal is still alive. Before he ran away, he said he will lead his fox army and annihilate all our rockmen tribes!”

Yan Yong weakly lamented, announcing a frightening information to his tribesmen.

The rockmen were shocked and afraid, grieving and also furious; some declared war, some wanted revenge, some mentioned migrating and some wanted to discuss.

They had become lost their bearings without a leader; whether it was the inheritor or the old tribe leader, they had all died at Fang Yuan’s hands. There were altogether eight tribes of rockmen and they had fallen into chaos now.

Some rockmen wanted to get the concrete details from Yan Yong, but Yan Yong’s injuries were too severe, and after informing them of this grievous news, he lost consciousness.

While they were still in the midst of discussing, just like Yan Yong said, waves after waves of fox groups started attacking rockmen tribes.

The rockmen resisted with all their strength, but there were way too many fox groups; the situation was gradually turning grave, the eight tribes had no choice but to ally and retreat underground to defend themselves.

However, the fox groups did not let them go and repeatedly attacked the underground. The fox groups paid a disastrous price every time they attacked, but they still came endlessly.

The rockmen cursed Fang Yuan, their hatred towards him were like a inferno that could not be extinguished. The situation became worse day by day and despair spread in the hearts of the rockmen.

However, right at this time, Yan Yong woke up.

Rockmen could recuperate from their injuries through sleep; his injuries had healed for the most part. He immediately led the rockmen and made beautiful counterattacks.

 “We rockmen are a courageous group with no fear of death!”

“Even the immortal cannot humiliate us!”

Yan Yong announced to everyone and raised their morale.

“Don’t think the immortal is strong, he is only a paper tiger and can only send these fox groups to their death, he is already injured.”

At the same time, he proclaimed the injuries of the immortal and gave hope to the rockmen.

The despairing rockmen tightly grabbed onto this hope like it was a straw that could save them as they were drowning.

Yan Yong changed the subject and talked about the old tribe leaders.

“He was injured by the combined efforts of the old tribe leaders, the sacrifice of the old tribe leaders is our greatest grief.”

“Especially the old white rock tribe leader, his life ended as he was in my arms, before he died he entrusted the whole tribe to me. I looked as his soul dispersed, and felt ashamed, why wasn’t it me who died, but him!” He beat his chest as he said this, appearing to be extremely sad.

Immediately, some rockmen persuaded: “Lord Yan Yong, don’t grieve. It is already very amazing you were able to survive and bring us the warning, even leading us towards victory.”

“That’s right, we iron rockmen all admire you.”

“Since the old tribe leader entrusted the tribe to you, then please lead us white rockmen.”

What rockmen liked was to sleep soundly and were not too obsessed with authority. Especially, at this juncture of life and death where they were living in anxiety, the rockmen hoped for a strong and brave rockman to lead them.

Thereupon, Yan Yong first inherited his tribe’s tribe leader position and then white rock tribe.

Over a month later, he got hold of the remaining tribes one after another, becoming the joint leader of the eight rockmen tribes.

Another half a month passed, he led the rockmen and drove out the fox groups, protecting his tribes.

“This is not enough. As long as the immortal doesn’t die, we have no future. The fox groups will regroup and attack our home again.”

“We can only attack, attack that immortal mountain and completely kill the immortal for a beautiful and peaceful life.”

Yan Yong immediately mentioned attacking Dang Hun mountain.

Some rockmen, however, seemed to hesitate.

“We have just suffered such a bitter battle, we just want to sleep now.”

“Our rockmen population has decreased greatly, we don’t have the strength to attack that demonic stronghold.”

“We have large numbers of offsprings born from this bitter battle, we need to raise them properly till they become adults.”

Yan Yong could only shift the topic to the old white rock tribe leader.

“My tribesmen, will I bring you to your deaths?”

“Attacking the immortal mountain was not my idea. It was a secret the old white rock tribe leader told me before his death.”

“He said this immortal mountain is the legendary Dang Hun mountain. Dang Hun mountain has gutstones, if our rockmen can obtain these gutstones, it can increase our strength and make our tribes stronger!”

The old white rock tribe leader was the oldest and the most experienced rockman. He was widely known by the rockmen as the sage.

With his ‘last words’ along with Yan Yong’s clear might, the rockmen were agitated and formed an expedition to attack Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan had intentionally arranged some fox groups around Dang Hun mountain, forming a weak defensive line.

Yan Yong continually boosted the rockmen’s morale: “See, there is not much left of the demonic immortal’s fox army. We are already close to victory.”

The rockmen sang of victory and triumph along the way, charging toward Dang Hun mountain with uplifted morale.

At Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan appeared with a group of foxes and fought a ‘great battle’ with the rockmen.

Fang Yuan showed terrifying strength and killed many rockmen, causing all the rockmen to be terrified.

But at this moment, Yan Yong stood up and pointed to Fang Yuan’s injuries and his paper tiger ‘immortal essence’, and fought a ‘decisive battle’ with him.

The fox groups were eliminated, as Fang Yuan was ‘defeated’, forced to escape from Yan Yong’s assault.

“Wait till I come back after gathering immortal essence from the water and fire! That moment will be your end!” Before retreating, Fang Yuan shouted loudly with a malevolent expression.

Rockmen had rough physique and their movements were slow, and not being familiar with Dang Hun mountain’s terrain, they could only let Fang Yuan ‘escape’.

The rockmen worshipped Yan Yong for beating back the immortal and cheered victoriously.

“My tribesmen, now is not the time to cheer.” Yan Yong stood up, “We can’t stay on Dang Hun mountain for long, this is a demonic land. The old white rock tribe leader had told me, every year only during these few days, we rockmen can enter this place safely. We need to hurry and collect the gutstones here. Three days later, we need to leave this place!”

Their bodies were made of solid rock. There was a burden on their soul to hold up such a strong and firm body. If the rockmen moved too excessively, it could harm their soul.

Thus, rockmen would spend eighty percent of their whole life sleeping and nurturing their soul.

When the foundation of their soul was thick enough, it would leak out. This overflowing part of the soul would fall on a rock and form a new life. Rockmen tribes reproduce like this.

After the rockmen obtained the gutstones, the guts Gu could strengthen and expand their soul, causing the soul to overflow and form little rockmen.

Three days later, inside the mountain, in Dang Hun palace.

Yan Yong kneeled on the ground and reported with reverence and fear as he lowered his head and bowed: “Reporting to the immortal, with these three days of soul strengthening, our rockmen tribes have increased by six thousand little rockmen. Including us old tribesmen, the whole population has increased to three times the population before the battle!”

Fang Yuan was sitting grandly on the fluffy bed and looked down at Yan Yong.

“Good, with this, your rockmen have enough manpower to start the river construction. Next, you remember what to do, right? Or do you need me to tell you again?”

Yan Yong promptly replied: “Supreme immortal, I did not dare to forget your words and have engraved them in my mind.”

“Good.” Fang Yuan nodded indifferently, “I will give you three months of time to dig a great river that cuts across the eastern and northern areas.”

“Ah, three months?” Yan Yong was stupefied, “Mighty immortal, us rockmen need sleep to nurture our souls. If we move excessively, we will tire ourselves to death. The great river is so long, and with only three months of time, we would have not be able to have any rest. If we work like this, our rockmen tribes will probably die out.”

“Hehehe, you won’t die completely. I have already calculated, there will be over two hundred rockmen remaining.” Fang Yuan laughed.

Yan Yong felt a chill in his body. There were ten thousand rockmen now, but there would only be over two hundred after the project. How terrifying of a sacrifice was this?

“Three months later, I want to see a great river! If I don’t see it, I will tell the truth to your tribesmen before I kill you. Now roll away.” Fang Yuan’s tone was cold and unfeeling.

Yan Yong’s body trembled all over hearing this demonic threat.

He had a very deep fear towards Fang Yuan and did not dare to retort, his body curled up into a ball and surprising, he really rolled away.

“Master, we paid a huge price back then to bring in these rockmen.” The little Hu Immortal land spirit tactfully persuaded, she could not endure seeing such a huge amount of rockmen dying like this.

“Don’t worry, the rockmen has still a great use to me. And isn’t it easy to increase their population?” Fang Yuan leaned on a chair with his eyes squinting as he took out a burial soul toad from his aperture.

Burial soul toad was a rank four Gu used to store things. It was one of the Gu worms left by the Hu Immortal.

It was palm sized big and was grey color. There were small warts all over its back and its large eyes flashed with weird and gloomy green light.

It could only store souls and its belly would inflate as it sucked in the souls.

Fang Yuan used this to collect the souls of the rockmen who died in the battle with the fox groups.

Now, this soul burial toad’s belly was deflated. The souls that were inside it before were placed on Dang Hun mountain by Fang Yuan to breed new gutstones.

Fang Yuan used a part of the gutstones to make his soul six times stronger than that of a normal person.

And the remaining gutstones were given to the rockmen tribes.

The rockmen had no idea, the strengthening of their souls was all due to the death of their companions.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 414: Conscience of those in power 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Yan Yong got out of Dang Hun palace, after getting through some twisted and dark tunnels, he arrived on Dang Hun mountain.

After seeing the crystal pink mountain, Yan Yong blew out a breath of turbid air, his fear and pressure had decreased greatly after leaving Fang Yuan.

After moving on the mountain for a while, he was finally discovered by his tribemates.

“Oh, our great and honorable leader, our hero, you are here!” Some rockmen cheered.

“Please let me kiss your foot, to express my adoration of you.” A few rockmen kneeled on the ground.

“Big hero, big hero! Your courage is greater than heaven, your guts is thicker than the earth.” Some tiny rockmen formed into groups and shouted loudly.

Yan Yong laughed, no one knew how bitter he felt.

The cheers he heard were extremely joyous, there were many tribesmen around him, gathering together, but he felt extremely lonely at this point.

He looked at these tribesmen, these smiling rockmen, they were all going to die three months later. Dying of exhaustion after digging the river. But what could he do?

From what the other rockmen saw, Dang Hun mountain’s victory was glorious, it was worth celebrating. But only he knew, this was only a game manipulated in the dark by that immortal.

The cruel and chilling truth made him understand clearly that the sacrifice of those rockmen, and this difficult victory, it was so laughably pathetic, they were powerless.

He led his tribesmen and gained more victories, but at the same time his fear towards Fang Yuan grew.

“That immortal, he is a demon! His heart is harder and colder than us rockmen, his strength is greater than the weight of the mountains. I am so weak, what can I do? Resistance means death. I admit my cowardice, I am really afraid of dying. I have not slept enough, I am only a hundred and eighty years old.”

The moment Yan Yong thought about Fang Yuan’s appearance, his heart was filled with terror.

His lingering bit of conscience was torturing him.

He knew: he was about to send his tribesmen to death personally. He was being grilled by his conscience, every praise from his tribesmen was like a whip, causing his heart to be full of pain and scars.

“Our esteemed, beloved tribe leader, you are finally back! Everyone’s waiting.” The rockmen gave way to Yan Yong, as he walked unobstructed towards higher ground.

“My tribesmen, these three days, our tribe has grown by many times. Our conquest has gotten us glorious results. But such victory is insufficient. Are you all willing to continue following me, towards a brighter future?” Yan Yong looked down at his tribesmen and shouted loudly.

The rockmen used the loudest cheer they could muster to express their hundred and twenty percent support towards Yan Yong.

Yan Yong nodded, he had expected such an outcome.

Among the rockmen, there were no outliers or knowledgeable old rockmen. During the few intense battles, they had “gloriously” sacrificed themselves.

The remaining rockmen were all newborn, they had a simple mind. As for the remaining old rockmen, they were all hardcore supporters of Yan Yong, his loyal worshippers.

Yan Yong patiently waited for the cheers to stop before continuing: “These three days, I had been considering — how do we deal with the escaped immortal. Immortals have immortal essence, thus they are able to control the fox army, and have terrifying strength. He must have retreated to the lake at the north area, or hid in east area’s fire pit. We cannot allow him to recover.”

“Tribe leader is right!”

“Tribe leader is too smart, we cannot allow that evil immortal to recover his immortal essence.”

“When that accursed demon recovers his strength, he will definitely find trouble with us rockmen!”

“But what do we do now? The lake and fire pit are both dangerous areas. Even us rockmen cannot last long there. And these two areas are so wide, who knows where the immortal escaped to.”

Everyone was speaking as the scene turned noisy.

Yan Yong interrupted everyone’s discussions, shouting: “That’s why, I thought of the only solution. We will use soil to fill the fire pit and lake, that way, the immortal will be unable to recover his immortal essence!”

“Oh god, that is an insane idea!” At once, some rockmen shouted.

“My great tribe leader, the lake is so wide, it causes people to stare in amazement. The fire pit has a fatal temperature, how can we use soil to fill it? That is impossible.” An old rockmen immediately argued.

Yan Yong stared at this old rockmen deeply, remembering him to heart.

This rockmen dared to question him, it showed that his idolization was not deep enough, thus he shall get the heaviest and toughest job later, working to death.

At this time, another old rockmen said: “We cannot do this forcefully, I have a solution. Maybe we can dig out a river and direct the lake water to the fire pit, using water to neutralize fire, that will be easier.”

Yan Yong’s killing intent rose even more.

This old rockmen was very intelligent, he was a bigger threat than the old rockmen who rebuked him.

He immediately decided in this heart, he was going to send this old rockmen to a defense mission. He shall be killed by the fox army, this threat has to be eliminated!

Yan Yong praised this old man plainly, shouting: “That is exactly my idea, we have to dig a river and direct the water over to end the fire. The immortal will have no place to recover immortal essence! Actually, white stone old tribe leader taught me before dying, he said that the water at the north and the fire at the east were all done by that evil male immortal. That is the source of his power, just like how we rockmen eat soil.”

“So white stone old tribe leader predicted this.”

“White stone old tribe leader, as expected of our philosopher.”

“White stone old tribe leader was already nine hundred and ninety-eight years old, of course he knew a lot.”

All the rockmen nodded, expressing their agreement with white stone old tribe leader, but also felt deep pity and anguish towards his death.

Rockmen sleep for a long time, they have little interaction with each other. This sense of distance and mystery caused the deceased white stone old tribe leader’s knowledge to feel extremely profound.

Using a phrase from Earth, if white stone old tribe leader could hear this in the afterlife, he might jump out of his coffin in anger.

But unfortunately, he was completely killed by Fang Yuan, his soul was not spared, broken down on Dang Hun mountain by Fang Yuan. The essence landed on the mountain, forming a gutstone.

Whether this gustone was smashed by a rockmen, or Fang Yuan himself, that would be an eternal mystery.

After discussing, the rockmen agreed that Yan Yong should be the leader, overseeing the digging to connect the water and fire.

Fang Yuan hid in the background, looking at this scene secretly. After seeing the finalized plan, he ordered little Hu Immortal.

The land spirit released a trace of Dang Hun mountain’s power, and the rockmen felt their soul tremble, they got very dizzy. Many young rockmen fainted on the spot.

“Oh no, let’s hurry and get out. Dang Hun mountain is going to attack!” Yan Yong said, as he left his tribesmen away from Dang Hun mountain.

They did not return to their original home, but instead got to the north and east area in a grand fashion.

In Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan looked expressionlessly at these leaving rockmen using the smoke cloud.

“Master, have you heard of the story of the rockmen?” Little Hu Immortal’s tail was swaying as she spoke meekly.

Fang Yuan laughed lightly: “You want to urge me to use soft tactics with the rockmen?”

“Master is so smart.” Little Hu Immortal’s large eyes were shining.

“Heh, it seems you are not too familiar with this. Often, the power of fear and hatred surpasses gratitude greatly.

Back then, when Fang Yuan found out that there was a group of rockmen, he was overjoyed.

The rockmen lived underground, they ate soil as food and were skilled at digging. A large ground of rockmen could even build and underground city deep in the ground.

Rockmen could excavate resources for the blessed land’s owner, they were excellent slaves. Many Gu Immortals want to buy rockmen and move them into their own blessed land.

For Hu Immortal blessed land, because of Dang Hun mountain, and provided it had enough souls, just one rockman can use the gutstones to breed into a large clan.

Fang Yuan could use this to mass produce rockmen and engage in slave trade with other Gu Immortals.

Back then, Hu Immortal brought all these rockmen in with the same intentions.

It was true, rockmen only succumbed to soft tactics. Most of the rockmen were stubborn and tough, warrior not afraid to die. Thus, many Gu Immortals have to use kindness and benefits to slowly use these rockmen and maximise their worth.

Hu Immortal used such a method.

But Fang Yuan did not adopt this.

It was too gentle.

He wanted squeeze them dry, to gain the most benefits!

This world’s competition is so cruel, not only did man compete with each other, they also had to deal with disasters and calamities, who knows how many heroes had fallen to floods.

So what if you are a Gu Immortal?

If you did not arm yourself and make use of every resource you had to strengthen yourself, Hu Immortal’s demise would be the best example.

A demonic path member has to make the best of his time, considering even the small bit of benefit, taking whatever he can and make himself stronger!

“Anyone in power has to understand: Rules, laws, friendship and morals, these are all tools to squeeze out benefits. Leniency and conscience, cruelty and hatred, they are all the same.” Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.

After wasting so much time with the rockmen, there were only seven months left to the sixth calamity.

The lake at the north, fire pit at the east, they were all scars left by previous calamities, weak spots of the blessed land. When earthly calamities occur, they would be the weakest link.

A team is only as strong as its weakest player. The weight a chain can hold up depends on the most fragile section.

“So what if I am hated, detested, and scolded by countless people?”

“If this world was so simple such that hatred, loathe, and curses work, why would I still need strength?”

The most important thing was digging the river as soon as possible, to help the blessed land recover as much as it could, it did not matter how many rockmen died in the process. Since Dang Hun mountain was here, he just had to capture a few souls and there would be an uncountable number of rockmen produced!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 415: For tomorrow! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Rumble rumble…

Explosions went off one after another, as dust and smoke rose into the air.

This was the site of the river digging project.

The rockmen ate soil as food, many of the Gu worms on the rockmen’s bodies can be used.

“Lord tribe leader, we cannot continue like this! Yesterday, three tribesmen died from exhaustion, they had a pitiful death, not even leaving behind a single offspring.”

An elderly rockmen kneeled before Yan Yong as he cried.

Once a rockman dies of exhaustion, their soul will dissipate, they will die for real, there will not be any young rockmen formed from their remaining soul.

Yan Yong slammed his chest, howling: “Why would I not know? Why would I not know? Heroes have sacrificed for our tribe again! For the bright future of our tribe, for a beautiful tomorrow, they contributed their lives!”

“But precisely so, we cannot slow down. Since the start of the excavation, we have faced many attacks from the fox army. The size of the fox group is getting larger, evidently that accursed male immortal is regaining his immortal essence! We have to continue and work hard, digging the river so that he loses his source of power!”

Old rockman was stunned: “But tribe leader…”

“You are a good rockman, you think for our tribe, I understand that. These heroes will not die in vain. Look there, I have already made heroic gravestones for them. Their children and descendants will remember them, and feel gratitude for the sacrifices made.” Yan Yong pointed at the gravestones erected, there was a large number of them.

The old rockman looked at the gravestones, sighing.

Once the death of the rockmen appeared, the new tribe leader Yan Yong immediately ordered people to build these gravestones.

The low morale was immediately raised, although everyday, countless rockmen die of exhaustion, they were still in high spirits.

“They are dead, what is the use of these gravestones?” The old rockman was one of the few left who understood the situation, he felt deeply worried.

“Oh leader.” He bitterly urged: “Us rockmen have to reproduce as well. These rockmen who die of exhaustion will not even have their souls left, they cannot leave behind descendants.”

Yan Yong’s expression remained unchanged, not saying a word.

A young rockman beside him started grumbling: “You old man, are you afraid of dying!”

Old rockman immediately retorted: “Young man, how can you say that? Yes, I am old, but I am a rockman, how can a rockman be afraid of dying?”

“Since you are not afraid to die, why are you talking so much?”

“That’s right. We are making contributions to the tribe!”

“What’s the matter? We are making a small sacrifice for the bigger good.”

Beside Yan Yong, a group of young rockmen started arguing.

“Old senior, if you feel tired, take a rest first. It is not a problem, my time is limited, I have to go to the other areas to inspect the progress.” Yan Yong patted this old rockman’s shoulder as he walked away, continuing on his inspection.

A group of young rockmen followed behind Yan Yong, talking among themselves, expressing their disdain for that old rockman.

Being despised by these juniors, the old rockman felt very depressed, smoke was coming out of his ears.

He wanted to rebuke them loudly, but he saw all the gravestones near the construction area, with all sorts of words carved on them.

“We have to do this at all cost!”

“As long as we are united, within three days, we will complete the river!”

“The bigger our courage, the more we can achieve.”

“To build a beautiful future for our rockmen tribe!”

“Long live tribe leader Yan Yong!”

“For the bright future of the rockmen, we contribute our lives, we contribute our youth!”

The crazed atmosphere engulfed the rockmen’s hearts. Even those rockmen who died from exhaustion showed a smile before they died.

Old rockman wanted to speak, but his mouth opened many times and did not manage to say a word.

He kneeled on the spot in a daze for a long while, until suddenly, he lifted his fist and slammed the ground heavily.

Bam, it was a heavy sound.

The old rockman stood up slowly, silently moving his aged body towards the construction ground.

Yan Yong rushed to the next site.

The river channel was already starting to form, large numbers of adult rockmen were digging in the channel. Beside them, the physically weaker young rockmen formed into patrolling groups. Some were inspecting the river digging, some were carving slogans, some were making heroic gravestones.

These young rockmen were called rock guards, formed by Yan Yong personally.

“Reporting to tribe leader!” Fix to six young rockmen went to Yan Yong and reported the results of these few days of labor.

“Reporting to great leader, we have dug another 25km in this segment!”

“Reporting to great leader, we have unfortunately sacrificed a hundred and twenty tribesmen, they are all heroes of our tribe!”

“Reporting to great leader, we actually found three tribesmen sleeping on the job. This is a disgrace to our tribe, we have to criticize them!”

“Very good, very good, you have all done well! Remember, you have to erect gravestones for our deceased heroes. At the same time, tie up those disgraceful rockmen and criticize them up public, let them learn courage from humiliation.” Yan Yong spoke caringly.

“Understood!”

“You are all the future of our tribe, seeing you all is like seeing the bright future of our tribe. You have to continue working hard.” Yan Yong praised.

The young rockmen were extremely spurred on, their bodies were trembling.

“Everything for the rockmen tribe!”

“Our esteemed and beloved leader, you are our symbol of pride!”

“We unite by your side, walking towards a bright and meaningful future!!”

They growled one after another, showing a fanatic gaze.

But Yan Yong avoided eye contact with them, these young rockmen’s enthusiasm made him fearful.

He looked at a faraway place.

There, all the different segments of the river were being excavated, Yan Yong could see many rockmen looking down at the yellow soil while lowering their thick backs.

The river channel was tens of meters wide, segment after segment, a long line showed up in his vision.

This was a majestic project!

Every time Yan Yong saw this sene, his heart palpitated — as long as they are united, the rockmen tribe’s strength was overwhelming, it could change the world!

But when Yan Yong thought of Fang Yuan, that terrifying demon, his heart felt a strong chill that turned his enthusiasm into a frozen river.

Be it the fox groups outside, the slogans on the stone boards, or the rock guards he created, they were all a part of the demon’s plot.

With so many methods, he forcefully reduced the rockmen tribe’s resistance to the minimum.

Yan Yong was the one who created this scenario personally, seeing the formation of the river, his fear towards Fang Yuan became greater and greater.

That male immortal not only had terrifying strength, what truly caused despair was that scheming and devious mind of his, making him seem like an unpredictable abyss.

Yan Yong felt himself sinking into purgatory.

He was meek like an ant, while behind him, Fang Yuan giant figure was staring down at him.

He was like a corpse, a puppet, the strings that controlled him was in the hands of Fang Yuan.

Everyday, he saw his tribesmen die, his heart hurt like a dagger was stabbing it.

Seeing the enthusiasm of his tribesmen, dying to dig the river, he felt a pitiful grief.

“If possible, I would rather not know the truth. Maybe, continuing to live in this lie is true bliss?”

Yan Yong retracted his gaze, waving his hand and bringing the young rockmen towards the next river segment.

…

“This is the last estrus Gu, go.”

Primeval essence had already been injected, as Fang Yuan flicked his finger and shot the green bean looking Gu into the air.

Estrus Gu exploded, turning into pink powder as it rained down on the fox group below.

The entire fox group breathed in this powder, and immediately stirred.

Very soon, numerous male foxes sprawled on the female foxes’ backs, moving vigorously as they injected their life essence into the female fox’s body.

The fox gestation varied. For example, golden fox took two months to give birth once. Every time, there were three to four foxes. As for desolate beasts like three-tail fox, even a hundred years was not enough to nurture their fetus.

Normally, the stronger the beast, the longer it takes for one gestation.

But right now in Hu Immortal blessed land, the fox groups were ordinary, they had a short gestation period.

Ever since the rockmen started digging the river until the process became smooth, Fang Yuan had been using estrus Gu everyday, creating new foxes and strengthening the fox army.

Hu Immortal did not have an Immortal Gu, during the fifth earthly calamity, she was killed by blue charm lightning shadow, thus her set of enslavement path Gu worms were not spared.

But within Dang Hun mountain, she left behind a number of Gu worms.

For example, assistance type Gu like burial soul toad, or expenditure type Gu like estrus Gu, as well as some spare Gu worms for the enslavement path, most were fox enslavement Gu.

To quickly increase his strength, Fang Yuan already used up most of these Gu worms.

The fox group had increased in numbers by several times after his hard work.

Although the foxes were omnivores, the blessed land could not sustain such a large number. In less than two years, a lot of foxes would be unable to find food and die of starvation.

But Fang Yuan could not care less, his whole mind was on enduring the sixth earthly calamity now.

A few months passed quickly.

A river connected the north and east.

The overflowing lake flowed along the river channel, moving quickly with ripples splashing.

Swish swish…

The great flood flowed into the fire pit, as the two forces clashed, river water evaporated and turned to steam, rising into the air.

After the river water calmed down, almost half the black flames were doused. Only three burning areas remained at the edges.

This way, fire and water wiped each other out, the north area’s flood was alleviated, and the ground surfaced once more.

Large amounts of water flowed along the river and filled tens of pits, forming many lakes.

Even though the north area was still full of mud, and the east area was a burnt land without any living plants, the fusion of fire and water had created something like a scab on a bleeding wound.

As long as time passed, the east and north areas will eventually regain their vitality.

Under Fang Yuan’s instructions, Yan Yong brought the injured and tired hundred or so rockmen back to their homes at the south area.

“Master, what do we do with these clouds?” Little Hu Immortal looked at the sky, the thick clouds made her feel helpless.

Even though it rained many times already, a lot of water vapor was still in the air, forming into clouds.

These clouds blocked the natural light, causing the east area to be shrouded in darkness, it made people feel irritated.

The blessed land did not have sunlight or wind. These clouds would heavily affect the lives of the east area’s inhabitants.

“Ignore them.” Fang Yuan looked at the sea of clouds and retracted his gaze.

The appearance of the clouds was expected, it was a minor detail. What is truly important, is the sixth earthly calamity!

If the blessed land survives this, he would slowly settle the issue about the clouds. If it fails to make it, then there is no point in thinking about it.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 416: Enduring the Earthly Calamity (1/2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Several months later.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, the fox groups gathered into an army and surrounded Dang Hun mountain tightly.

Fang Yuan stood with his arms behind his back at the peak of the mountain and looked at the sky with a solemn expression.

Time passed mercilessly, today was the day of the sixth earthly calamity!

Even though Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his previous life, he still felt uneasy facing an earthly calamity.

Every earthly calamity increases in intensity compared to the previous one, it was a cruel trial that decided the life and death of the Gu Immortals and their blessed land. Fang Yuan took over the blessed land when there was only a year and three months left.

This time was truly short, he could only prepare with his best efforts. Digging a river and alleviating the water and fire crisis was one, nurturing foxes and increasing their numbers was two. Holding onto fixed immortal travel Gu and being prepared to retreat was the third preparation.

As for the clouds in the sky, as well as the blue charm lightning shadow at the west area, he had no way of dealing with them.

The mild wind gradually stopped. High up in the sky, clouds were rumbling and a lump of light was forming..

“It’s coming.” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk as he muttered.

In the cloud sea, the lump light burst out, forming a great white round door, facing the blessed land directly.

The light was glaring and dazzling, as a brown-yellow colored large monster descended from the light door like a large rock.

“Looking at this scene, is this the desolate beast calamity?!” Fang Yuan squinted and stared without blinking.

The giant rock continued to descend silently.

Fang Yuan could not help but lick his dry lips as his heart sank.

There were countless types of earthly calamities, among them were the desolate beast calamity.

In the blessed land, one or multiple desolate beasts will appear, charging towards the blessed land’s central control area, wreaking havoc and causing destruction to the blessed land.

If they were not exterminated in time, even a large blessed land would be destroyed and reduced to ashes.

“Damn it, it is a desolate beast, I just hope there is no Immortal Gu on this desolate beast!” Fang Yuan cursed in his heart.

If desolate beasts had Immortal Gu on them, their battle strength would surpass Gu Immortals!

This mysterious desolate beast landed on the ground in a light manner contrary to its giant size.

Looking from afar, it looked like a slightly flat giant rock.

But Fang Yuan could tell from the images that this large rock was only a brown-yellow exoskeleton glowing with a golden lustre. There were thick layers of mud on the shell armor.

Just as Fang Yuan was guessing what sort of creature it was, a large pair of cheliped, like two bronze poles, stretched out from the shell.

Next, nine pairs of chelipeds stretched out from two sides, landing on the ground, raising the heavy body off the ground.

“Swamp crab!” Seeing this, Fang Yuan spoke immediately, recognising the true identity of this desolate beast.

This was a large crab, with a body that was the size of a mountain. When its body was lifted, the height could reach a quarter of Dang Hun mountain.

Its first pair of chelipeds was more fearsome than steel poles, a pair of pincers that could break mountain rocks or cut a flood dragon in half!

Its remaining eighteen chelipeds, although thinner than the first pair, they were still thicker than hundred year old trees.

There were large numbers of Gu worms on its body, most would be water and earth path Gu worms. Rarely, it could even contain an entire set of Gu worms.

“Thankfully, Hu Immortal blessed land has ample immortal essence!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, feeling glad in his heart.

Earlier when the swamp crab appeared, the land spirit already struck, using the heavenly power to restrict its Gu worms.

All rank one to five Gu worms could not display their abilities.

The most important point was, this desolate beast had no Immortal Gu. If it did, then the question would be what Immortal Gu that was.

Immortal Gu were unique, surpassing the laws of the mortal realm; blessed lands could not restrict them.

The existence of an Immortal Gu was the most important element in this battle!

The swamp crab fully stretched its limbs and started slowly moving towards Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan willed and moved his troops quickly. Large numbers of foxes all over the mountain, rushed like the tides towards the desolate beast.

In moments, they encircled the swamp crab.

Their claws and teeth scratched the swamp crab’s legs, and the physically tougher golden foxes directly crashed into it.

But the swamp crab was huge like a mountain and continued moving forward. The ordinary fox groups could not stop it, instead they were stomped into meat paste.

Fang Yuan’s expression was cruel as he directed the foxes to continue giving up their lives.

He bred so many of them, they were meant to be used as disposable pieces. Damage accumulates; any amount of damage they could deal counted.

But the swamp crab gave off an unstoppable momentum as it advanced without halting a single step. Like a moving mountain, it did not care about the foxes below.

All sorts of attacks landed on the swamp crab’s body, like a beautiful display of fireworks.

These were the attacks of the hundred, thousand and myriad beast kings of the foxes. They had all sorts of Gu worms.

Under the strength of all the Gu, the mud on swamp crab’s body was all blown away.

This giant crab, for the first time, stopped its movement.

It opened its mouth and spewed out large amounts of mud. At the same time, from its stomach, yellow mud spewed out like a waterfall.

The mud landed on the grass and formed a swamp.

From the mud, weird looking crabs stood up. Some had large sizes, ferocious like a tiger. Some had sharp thin needle like pincers. Some had claw-like legs, having quick speed.

In the blink of an eye, a crab army that numbered to a million formed.

“It is the swamp crab indeed! It can breed at any time and place, creating numerous smaller crabs and forming an army.” Fang Yuan’s expression turned darker.

The fox groups were fighting against the crab army, engaging in fierce combat.

The number of foxes continued to decrease. The crab army’s deaths were much greater than the fox group, but the desolate beast continued to give birth, and there was an endless number of crabs.

Fang Yuan quickly instructed the fox groups hiding outside the mountain to return.

“Thankfully, I expended my estrus Gu and bred a large number of foxes, otherwise, my total force would not be enough!”

In just this short period, Fang Yuan felt dizzy.

He directed an insanely large number of foxes, and even though his soul was six times as strong as a normal person, it could not take this pressure.

With the crab army paving the way, the swamp crab continued moving forward, regaining its former speed.

The legs on its body moved one after another, like fingers playing on a piano, with a rhythmic beauty.

But an intense battle was going on below it; blood flowed into river, corpses piled into a hill, and every piece of land was tainted with blood.

The swamp crab did not differentiate enemies from allies, every time its legs landed on the ground, there would be a fountain of blood squirting all over the place. When the crab raised its leg, there would be foxes’ crushed bodies and broken crab carcasses in the deep pit on the ground.

This desolate beast’s body was so large, and honestly speaking, it did not move quickly.

But because of this, it was able to create an immense mental pressure; seeing it moving unhindered, Fang Yuan felt that a grim reaper’s scythe was hanging over his neck.

“Damn it!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.

This desolate beast before him was the King of the Swamp. Its body was covered in hard shell, it had lurked deep within the swamp for many years, even its eyes had vanished due to de-evolution, it had no weaknesses left.

Fang Yuan manipulated the fox groups to hold it back, but it was no use.

He could only watch helplessly as the swamp crab got closer!

“Can you teleport it away?” Fang Yuan turned his head, asking the little Hu Immortal land spirit.

Different Gu Immortals gave birth to different blessed lands, and the land spirit’s abilities also varied. Some land spirits could teleport others, like Ba Gui from three kings blessed land, while some could not. Some land spirits could summon rain and wind, and some could manipulate the flow of time freely.

“Let me try.” Little Hu Immortal breathed roughly as she felt an intense mental pressure. She activated the immortal essence, and used all her strength until her cute tiny face turned red.

“Ahhh ahhh!’ She shouted in a childish way.

With a swoosh, the giant swamp crab vanished on the spot and was teleported about nine thousand steps away.

“We succeeded!” Little Hu Immortal’s face was red as she gasped.

Fang Yuan relaxed slightly.

“Ma… master, I just expended one bead of green grape immortal essence.” Little Hu Immortal reported painfully.

“No matter.” Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as he continued to order the foxes to attack the swamp crab.

After five minutes, the swamp crab got close again. Land spirit teleported it away once again.

And thus, another green grape immortal essence was expended.

Little Hu Immortal felt immense pity at this waste, and Fang Yuan’s heart was bleeding.

In the entire Hu Immortal blessed land, there were only seventy-eight beads of green grape immortal essence. Fang Yuan used one to feed fixed immortal travel Gu. Now he used another two to teleport this swamp crab.

He still had to use the immortal essence to refine Gu and manage the entire blessed land in the future.

There were many areas in which immortal essence were needed, but because Hu Immortal died already, these green grape immortal essence could not be replenished, every single bead used was one less left for the future.

Some crabs got through unguarded areas and charged up the mountain.

Fang Yuan snorted coldly at this and ordered the land spirit to unleash the might of Dan Hun mountain.

At once, the area the crab army walked on became a death domain. Numerous crabs died, lying on the ground with their bodies intact. Their souls, however, were completely destroyed, creating a peculiar scene.

“Unfortunately, Dang Hun mountain’s power is to continuously pressure the soul, but the desolate beast’s soul is strong and can last for a while. I cannot let it reach Dang Hun mountain and destroy this precious forbidden ground.”

Fang Yuan did not participate in battle.

Even if he used his strength path Gu worms, he would not be able to break its shell.

Most importantly, the swamp crab had not used an Immortal Gu yet, Fang Yuan was uncertain if it had one or not.

The unknown was the greatest threat, Fang Yuan did not dare to strike rashly.

Soon, the swamp crab came again. Just as it was teleported away for the third time, little Hu Immortal’s expression changed.

Not waiting for Fang Yuan’s reaction, she stretched her hand to grab his arm, and they both vanished on the spot.

The next moment, a fierce lightning bolt landed on the area they were standing.

Boom!

With a thunderous sound, mountain rocks shattered.

The lightning paused for a moment before shooting back up.

It turned into a human-shaped lightning and emitted a loud growl.

This was the blue charm lightning shadow!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 417: Enduring the Earth Calamity (2/2) 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Blue charm lightning shadow held its head and screamed in pain. The blue lightning flashed around without any target and only settled down after a long while.

Clearly, the lightning figure had suffered injuries in its soul when it entered Dang Hun mountain.

Inside Dang Hun Palace, Fang Yuan’s face became ashen as he looked at the scene in the smoke.

If it was not for the land spirit’s prompt teleportation just before, he might have been dead already.

Little Hu Immortal patted her chest, her face pale and showing lingering fear.

When it rains, it pours . The blue charm lightning shadow joining the battle no doubt made things worse!

Blue charm lightning shadow flew into a rage after its sneak attack did not succeed and started to collide continuously into Dang Hun mountain.

Every time it collided with Dang Hun mountain, there would be tremors in Dang Hun Palace. Soil and stones flew from the impact and large scorched pits were created from the attacks on the mountain; Fang Yuan felt his heart bleed at this scene.

This was Dang Hun mountain!

In this entire world, there was only one of it!

Fortunately, blue charm lightning shadow stopped its attacks after dozens of collisions. Its soul had received considerable damage and the lightning around it was becoming very disorderly. It did not dare to attack again.

During this time, the land spirit had teleported the swamp crab another two times. In total, they had wasted five beads of green grape immortal essence on it!

And the originally endless fox army was already at the brink of extinction.

What made Little Hu Immortal even more discouraged was that this desolate beast only had small wounds and was still moving forward stably like before. It was like an indestructible bone!

Whether it was blue charm lightning shadow or swamp crab, they both had one target; destroying the central area, expending the immortal essence and killing the land spirit. Their final target was to destroy the whole blessed land.

They were on the same faction and did not have any conflicts, instead they cooperated.

While Fang Yuan and the land spirit were having a headache due to this swamp crab, the blue charm lightning shadow gave up on Dang Hun mountain and changed its target to the blessed land itself.

It did not dare to collide against Dang Hun mountain anymore, so it began attacking the sky and the earth of this blessed land.

It destroyed everything it saw and created craters everywhere. Sky crumbled and showed scars like that of a broken mirror.

Fang Yuan felt deep helplessness.

“Not good! Master, there is a hole in the blessed land!” Little Hu Immortal spoke hurriedly.

Blue charm lightning shadow’s attacks shattered the world and created a hole.

“Cut away the surrounding area around the hole.” Fang Yuan spoke indifferently, his tone cold as ice.

“What?” Little Hu Immortal opened her eyes wide and gave a cry of surprise.

If they cut off the area like this, they would not be able to restore it.

The holes in blessed lands could be repaired with immortal essence. If the holes were not patched in time and were allowed to enlarge, they would form a passage to the outside world.

Once there was a passage, those Gu Immortals outside the blessed land would absolutely charge in and make all kinds of schemes; at that time, the situation would be even more out of hand.

There were demonic path Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain.

Righteous path Gu Immortals did not dare to attack because they had a lot of businesses and assets. However, demonic path has no lack of demented people, they were lone forces and liked to take risks. In any case, Fang Yuan had done this a lot in his previous life.

Under Fang Yuan’s order, Little Hu Immortal repeatedly cut off nearby half a square kilometer of the blessed land.

Blue charm lightning shadow continually destroyed the world and created holes, while the land spirit continually cut them off.

The swamp crab charged towards Dang Hun mountain again and again; the land spirit had no choice but to teleport it time after time, the amount of green grape primeval essence consumed already reached thirteen beads.

” Sob sob , the blessed land has become smaller and so much immortal essence has been lost….” Tears started falling out of Little Hu Immortal’s eyes as she sobbed.

“Don’t cry!” Fang Yuan coldly shouted, his expression ashen.

“There is no point in delaying. Our only hope is to kill these two calamities! But I don’t have an attack type Immortal Gu, and it would be difficult to see any results from attacking the swamp crab with rank five Gu in a short time. My only option now is to gamble!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and revealed a crazed determination.

Desolate beasts were very strong, just by relying on their majestic physique and their fierce recovery ability, they could ignore most rank five Gu.

Especially this swamp crab; it had a strong defense and was upper-tier even among the desolate beasts. Fang Yuan had a lot of rank five Gu; turn gold Gu, soft bones Gu, pitch black Gu and so on, but using them against swamp crab would be like throwing pebbles in the lake; they could only create slight ripples. They needed to attack continuously for a slight bit of results.

However, Fang Yuan was unable to activate these Gu and participate in the offense.

If he left the mountain, he could meet with blue charm lightning shadow’s attacks. He could give the Gu worms to the land spirit to use, but he did not dare to take the risk.

Land spirits could also die, and if it was destroyed by blue charm lightning shadow, then Fang Yuan would have no means to even activate fixed immortal travel Gu.

Only Immortal Gu could change the situation.

Fang Yuan might have two Immortal Gu, but both did not have offensive abilities.

“Don’t teleport it anymore, let this damned swamp crab attack Dang Hun mountain!” Fang Yuan said resolutely and commanded the land spirit, “Release the whole might of Dang Hun mountain!”

Ringgggggggg!

Dang Hun mountain had been restricted by Little Hu Immortal the whole time, and right now, as it was finally let loose, dense fog started rising over the whole mountain. An enormous and formless soul shaking power burst out of the mountain, spreading as far as three thousand steps and eradicating everything in its surroundings.

Only Dang Hun Palace – under the land spirit’s control – was intact.

The giant swamp crab soon got close to Dang Hun mountain.

Under the power of Dang Hun mountain, its sturdy shell was unable to provide any defensive support. Its soul received fierce attacks, causing its movements to slow down.

However, this made it go berserk and it increased its speed by another fold, charging towards Dang Hun mountain.

Bam!

The enormous pincers heavily smashed on Dang Hun mountain like steel clamps.

The sturdy boulders were as fragile as flour as they were smashed by the attack, holes forming from the impact.

The huge crater was at least 0.6 acres wide. Smoke and dust flew all around and the entire Dang Hun Palace also shook from the tremors.

The land spirit Little Hu Immortal’s face paled from shock. Dang Hun Palace kept on shaking, dust started falling from the roof and there were fierce cracks on the walls and pillars.

Suddenly, Little Hu Immortal let out a tragic shout: “Not good! That blue charm lightning shadow has already moved towards the north and is openly destroying the sky and earth, creating many holes.”

The image in front of Fang Yuan changed and showed the scene of blue charm lightning shadow attacking the world and creating holes.

The blessed land’s eastern and northern parts had been corroded by the remnant force of the earth calamities, and were weaker than other areas. The blue charm lightning shadow saw these weak points and started attacking them.

“Fortunately, we had settled the water and fire, otherwise the result of blue charm lightning shadow’s destruction would be ten times more severe! Master, what should we do?” Little Hu Immortal was feeling at a loss.

The situation had turned to an extremely terrible state.

The swamp crab was like a steel hammer directly pounding the heart and continuously depleting immortal essence while also wrecking Dang Hun mountain.

And blue charm lightning shadow was like an extremely sinister poison. It purposely searched for the weak points of the blessed land and stabbed at them. Every hole it created was like a fresh wound to the blessed land.

Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with an ominous glint.

The situation was turning more critical, but it instead aroused his fighting spirit!

“Land spirit, every time you teleport the swamp crab, send it away by three thousand steps!”

“Yes!”

With the distance shortened, the immortal essence expenditure was also comparatively less. And Dang Hun mountain’s soul shaking power worked within three thousand steps, creating injuries to the swamp crab’s soul.

“Land spirit, cut off the whole northern area!” Fang Yuan gave another command.

“What?!” Little Hu Immortal was stupefied and almost did not dare to believe her ears.

Hu Immortal blessed land’s northern area was over 600km2, and Fang Yuan wanted to give up the whole region?

Once they cut off the area, Hu Immortal blessed land would lose this territory forever!

This was definitely a huge sacrifice by Fang Yuan! Hu Immortal blessed land had altogether 4000km2 of land and he was cutting off one-sixth of it!

“Master, this… this…” Little Hu Immortal hesitated.

“Do as I say!” Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixed on the image in front of him as he shouted in a stern voice.

Little Hu Immortal’s pink lips puckered and her eyes were filled with tears. The tears fell down and she started crying loudly.

Land spirits were the representatives of the blessed land; cutting off a part of the blessed land was the same as cutting their own flesh. And abandoning the whole northern area was like a person cutting off one of their legs.

“Master, don’t, don’t do it!” Little Hu Immortal cried loudly and begged.

However, Fang Yuan’s expression was ruthless and did not make the slightest compromise.

Master’s orders could not be violated, Little Hu Immortal could only endure the pain and cut off the whole northern area!

That blue charm lightning shadow was currently in the center of the northern area, destroying the world and creating holes. It suddenly felt something wrong and immediately moved, trying to charge out of the northern area.

However, because of 5km of distance, it could not escape and was trapped in the northern area.

It let out a mournful and sharp screech, its tone full of indignance. However, that bit of distance determined its fate, the blue charm lightning shadow could only follow the evaporation of the northern area and land in the outside world.

“Success!” Fang Yuan almost shouted in joy at this scene.

If it were normal times where the blue charm lightning shadow had no injuries in its soul, it could absolutely react in time. If not for its crazed attacks towards the world, expending its energy and causing its speed to fall, it could absolutely escape.

At the critical moment, Fang Yuan endured the pain and made a minor sacrifice to protect his bigger interests, finally settling this calamity!

As to what calamities it would create at the outside world, that was not part of Fang Yuan’s consideration.

Bam Bam Bam…

The whole Dang Hun mountain was still shaking, the desolate beast swamp crab’s soul was very strong and forcefully withstood the pressure, continuously attacking Dang Hun mountain.

The nearer it got to Dang Hun mountain, the stronger the soul shaking power became.

Little Hu Immortal teleported the swamp crab away time and again.

Right now, it was a battle of foundation between the two sides.

If the desolate beast’s soul foundation was strong and it overthrew Dang Hun mountain, it would be Fang Yuan’s defeat. Conversely, if Dang Hun mountain did not fall, it would be the earthly calamity’s defeat.

Bam Bam…

Dang Hun palace’s pillars crumbled and the beams of the roofs snapped. Dust and dirt flew everywhere, accompanied by Little Hu Immortal’s whimpering cries.

Fang Yuan was silently standing with a cold expression.

“Strength, I need more strength!” He clenched his fists and let out an indignant scream in his mind.

Why was it that despite growing so much, he was still so weak when facing heaven and earth, when facing fate?

“Then continue to grow, continue to become stronger, stronger, and even stronger!”

As he screamed silently, the swamp crab’s movements were gradually slowing down and eventually it collapsed at the waist of Dang Hun mountain… dead.

After an arduous process, the sixth earthly calamity was finally over.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 418: Losses and Gains 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Fang Yuan walked out of Dang Hun palace.

The pink crystal mountain had holes everywhere, broken rocks were scattered on the ground showing a pitiful sight. Fresh red blood, yellow murky mud, fox and crab corpses mixed together.

The desolate beast swamp crab’s humongous body was pressing on Dang Hun mountain’s mountain waist. It was like a small mountain, extremely eye catching.

The mild wind blew on Fang Yuan’s black hair, as his eerie black eyes stared at the battlefield.

The pungent smell of blood entered Fang Yuan’s nostrils.

Closely behind him, little Hu Immortal land spirit’s eyes were red, as there were tears on her face. She reported while sniffing.

“Master, we suffered immense losses. We lost about 666km2 of land, and we only have sixty-eight beads of the immortal essence left. Our fox army of four million and seven hundred thousand has fallen to three hundred and ten thousand. As for Gu worms, we lost around seven hundred thousand of them.”

Hu Immortal managed her blessed land for so many years, after this calamity, the entire blessed land lost about forty years of development.

But Fang Yuan did not think so.

His expression was tired, but his gaze could not hide the happiness in his heart.

He survived this earthly calamity. It was an obstacle, now that he survived it, Fang Yuan had time to recuperate.

He had ample time to deal with the seventh earthly calamity.

“Stop crying, the blessed land is safe, that means our hope is safe too. Dang Hun mountain did not collapse, thus we have the resources to start over. Although we lost some land, in the short run, we cannot make use of that land anyway, it will not hinder our development.”

Fang Yuan patted the land spirit’s head, consoling: “Look, not long later, Dang Hun mountain will be full of gutstones, and we will control another group of rockmen. Most importantly, that blue charm lightning shadow was exiled, now, we can develop without any worries. Hu Immortal blessed land will definitely flourish again!”

This battle was intense and tragic, there were countless foxes and crabs who died near Dang Hun mountain. At the same time, swamp crab’s soul was smashed into bits by the mountain’s vibrations, absorbed into Dang Hun mountain.

In the near future, not too long away, large numbers of gutstones will appear on Dang Hun mountain unceasingly.

“Master’s words… makes sense.” Little Hu Immortal stopped crying and thought about it clearly, it seems he made sense.

The earthly calamity was like a trial, Hu Immortal blessed land got through it, there was not only great losses, but also great gains.

“What a pity, there were many Gu worms living in this swamp crab, but now Dang Hun mountain killed them all.” Little Hu Immortal pouted, staring at this swamp crab’s corpse angrily.

“Rejoice, this desolate beast did not have an Immortal Gu, otherwise, we might not be standing here.” Fang Yuan sighed deeply.

This was the luckiest part of this ordeal.

One crucial Immortal Gu with overwhelming ability can easily overturn the entire situation.

Even if this swamp crab had an Immortal Gu, and was killed by Fang Yuan, how Fang Yuan would catching this Immortal Gu was also a huge problem.

Maybe this wild Immortal Gu might replace the blue charm lightning shadow and become the next great threat to Hu Immortal blessed land.

Fang Yuan was satisfied enough to have survived this earthly calamity.

After all, he was only a rank four upper stage mortal Gu Master, yet he managed to kill a desolate beast that was a problem even for Gu Immortals.

“Land spirit, clean up the battlefield. Preserve the corpse of the swamp crab well, I am going to rest.” Fang Yuan looked around once more before relaxing, immediately feeling strong fatigue.

He commanded over a million foxes, his soul and mind was overused, he needed sleep immediately.

“Okay.” Little Hu Immortal answered quickly as she looked at the swamp crab’s shell with glowing eyes.

Every desolate beast was a moving treasure.

The blood, fur, bones, intestines in its body were great Gu refinement material.

“You accursed crab, I will tear you apart!” Little Hu Immortal raised her chin as her mouth opened, showing her small canine teeth, angrily walking towards the swamp crab while muttering to herself.

…

Fang Yuan had an extremely enjoyable sleep.

Three days later, he woke up, and laid on the bed, not wanting to move at all.

This time, he really relaxed his body and mind.

The sixth earthly calamity was over, Fang Yuan earned a lot of time for himself, he could finally catch a breath.

Ever since his rebirth, he had been plotting and resisting, especially on San Cha mountain, he overexerted himself thinking of the ways to get out of his predicament.

Now, he finally protected the blessed land. To Fang Yuan, this was a safe and stable place.

If Hu Immortal blessed land was destroyed, he would be in big trouble.

He exposed many things, let’s take for example, the fixed immortal travel Gu.

Fang Yuan was not a Gu Immortal, he could not keep this Immortal Gu into his aperture, once its aura was leaked, Gu Immortals would easily sense it and come to snatch it from him.

Now, fixed immortal travel Gu was placed inside Hu Immortal blessed land, and because there was immortal essence, he could feed it without worry.

Other than that, there was also the refinement of second aperture Gu.

Without little Hu Immortal to control the immortal essence, Fang Yuan could not refine this Immortal Gu, he had to at least reach Gu Immortal realm first. By then, divine travel Gu might’ve been refined by another person already, it would be too late.

Having protecting Hu Immortal blessed land, it was a great help to Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan lied down for a while before getting up to eat. After filling up his stomach, he went to sleep again.

This time, he slept for ten hours, he woke up slowly as he felt all the fatigue had been washed away. His mind was clear, his head was working well, and his condition was as good as it could be.

“Where is the land spirit?” He stomped his feet, calling.

Little Hu Immortal tore through space with a swoosh, appearing before him.

“Master, I have dismantled that crab, we can sell it for a good price!” Little Hu Immortal’s face was red as she was extremely satisfied at breaking apart the culprit for the blessed land’s predicament.

“Oh right, master, there are three letters here, they were sent in from the loophole on the day of the calamity.” Little Hu Immortal said, taking out three Gu and handed them to Fang Yuan.

When loopholes enlarge enough to become tunnels, people could enter and exit. But before that, only Gu worms could enter through the small gaps.

These three Gu were all letter path Gu worms.

One had a paper crane appearance, it was the rank three lightning symbol paper crane Gu. One was a green bird, rank five and looking lifelike, it was the letter sending green bird Gu. One looked like a sword, it was the rank three flying sword letter Gu.

Fang Yuan’s gaze shone as he took out the letter sending green bird Gu.

The green bird transformed into a letter, it was sent by the rank seven Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge!

Fang Yuan was not surprised, the moment he saw this green bird Gu, he had a feeling it was him.

Feng Jiu Ge’s tone in his letter was calm, he first expressed his admiration and praise for Fang Yuan, before stating his intention — to arrange for a battle with between Fang Yuan and his daughter Feng Jin Huang!

It seems that after Feng Jin Huang returned to Spirit Affinity House, she had been gloomy, moody, and dispirited. During this period, she had been cultivating diligently, to reclaim her pride. The battle was initiated by her, she wants to have a fair and square fight with Fang Yuan, betting the glory of Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect!

“Hmph, you want to battle, do I have to agree?” Fang Yuan scoffed in disdain.

His time was so tight, there was not enough time to cultivate, Fang Yuan would not waste his time and effort accepting Feng Jin Huang’s challenge.

Feng Jin Huang was born in a great family, she had Gu Immortals as her parents, and a sect to support her. Even if she had a blessed land, and the calamity came, there would be a huge group of people fighting it for her.

But Fang Yuan was all alone, he had to rely on himself for everything. He had no mood to play around with this rich missy.

“What a stupid idea, she wants to reclaim her glory, so I must play along with her? Laughable!” Fang Yuan snorted. Different from others, he did not fear Feng Jiu Ge. That is because soon, Feng Jiu Ge would be called up by the heavenly court, and would successfully ascend, it will not be easy for him to come down and enter central continent again.

“But in this letter, it seems that this pair of father and daughter think that I am a disciple of Immortal Crane Sect, what is going on?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with suspicion.

The other party was a Gu Immortal, they would naturally not make such a lowly mistake. That means, there were hidden complications.

Fang Yuan retrieved the flying sword letter Gu.

Opening it and taking a look, it was another challenge letter!

But in this letter, it was all swearing and scolding, almost all of Fang Yuan’s ancestors were mentioned, even Immortal Crane Sect’s honor was used to incite Fang Yuan to accept the battle. Finally, there was even a threat, if Fang Yuan did not agree, he would reveal the contents of this letter to the public, and let the world know that Fang Yuan was a coward!

Fang Yuan looked carefully, lightly smiling: “Oh, it is this rascal Jian Yi Sheng.”

Jian Yi Sheng, a metal path Gu Master, his appearance and personality were very perverted. He was most skilled at sneak attacks, and hated suffering losses the most.

He was one of the demonic path Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain, he was truly a mean and devious coward.

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he got ambushed by him many times. He eventually made Fang Yuan angry enough to summon the blood sea, forcing this Jian Yi Sheng to hide in his blessed land, afraid to battle. He blocked him for twenty years, until Jian Yi Sheng realized that he had angered the wrong person. He could not take it, and eventually kneeled down before Fang Yuan to surrender, without a trace of a Gu Immortal’s dignity.

As for why this person was challenging Fang Yuan, it was because he was extremely unlucky.

After Fang Yuan discarded a portion of the blessed land, and threw the blue charm lightning shadow towards Tian Ti mountain, Jian Yi Sheng coincidentally met with it.

At this time, although Jian Yi Sheng was a Gu Immortal, he had no Immortal Gu, and was thrashed by the blue charm lightning shadow. He escaped back to his blessed land pathetically, and finally managed to get free of the blue charm lightning shadow.

After he got home, he counted his losses, and was filled with rage, stomping his feet. After finding the culprit, he sent a flying sword letter Gu, challenging Fang Yuan.

“Hmph, he knows I am a mortal, but still challenged me as a Gu Immortal. He even wrote his letter so righteously, talking about fairness… this piece of shit is still as shameless as I remember. But, why did he think I am a member of Immortal Crane Sect?”

Fang Yuan opened the lightning symbol paper crane Gu with great suspicion.

He opened it slightly, and his pupils shrunk, showing a surprised expression: “What! Fang Zheng is alive?”

Reading on, his suspicions were cleared.

“So that’s it, this He Feng Yang from Immortal Crane Sect is a smart person, using this method to eliminate his competitors.”

“But he greatly underestimated me. Why would I join Immortal Crane Sect? But what the letter mentioned is exactly what I need now.”

Thinking so, Fang Yuan made up his mind.

He called the land spirit: “Go, open the blessed land slightly, and let the Gu Master who resembles me in.”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 419 Fang Zheng’s pain  Chapter 419: Fang Zheng’s pain 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Tian Ti mountain stood high above the clouds, reaching 3000km in total.

It was situated at the center of Central Continent, it was the land of inheritances, the mountain of saints. During ancient times, it was the ladder of immortals, able to ascend to the heavenly court.

Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples were now standing at the foot of Tian Ti mountain, having waited for an hour already.

“How much longer do we need to wait?”

“This Fang Yuan is putting up too much airs right?”

“Ssh, quiet. He is the brother of Gu Yue Fang Zheng, the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land!”

“Speaking of that, this brother of Fang Zheng’s is really amazing, he managed to defeat Feng Jin Huang, Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji and the others.”

“So what? If I had a supreme elder supporting me in the dark, helping me to use fixed immortal travel Gu, I would be able to win the blessed land as well.”

“Our clan’s elders are truly smart. Using Fang Zheng to attract their attention, while the real trump card was Fang Yuan all along!”

…

In order to make this a reality, Immortal Crane Sect lied to all their disciples. Immortal Crane Sect’ disciples now knew, that there was someone named Gu Yue Fang Yuan in their sect.

During these three months, he had become the hottest topic that everyone was discussing. He was mysterious and low-key, it made people curious. Shocking the world in one move, he obtained Hu Immortal blessed land for Immortal Crane Sect, and even allowed Immortal Crane Sect to stand out among the ten sects, it made the other disciples feel proud.

All their discussions entered Fang Zheng’s ears.

Fang Zheng was stand at the front of these people, his gaze was dim as he looked at Tian Ti mountain.

These days, he had been a walking corpse, he did not know how he survived the last few days.

After Fang Zheng left QIng Mao mountain, he swore to exact revenge, to get justice for his deceased clansmen.

He carried a great hatred with him, the objective of revenge was sustaining and motivating him to cultivate. He was more hardworking than all the other disciples, he did not even slack for a second.

He had fantasized many times, the scene when he finds Fang Yuan — defeating him and making him kneel on the ground, repenting for all that he did on Qing Mao mountain. The clansmen in the afterlife would finally rest in peace after that.

Thus, on Dang Hun mountain, he did not give up despite numerous occasions of wanting to do so.

Every time he thought of Fang Yuan, there would be a strong driving force in his heart, supporting him to continue climbing.

He wanted to get Hu Immortal Inheritance, not only because he did not want to let his master down, or disappointing the clan’s expectations, it was also because his chances of getting revenge would be much greater if he had the blessed land.

But, he did not expect, that life would come hitting him this hard and suddenly.

Gu Yue Fang Yuan, his blood related brother, the main character of his numerous nightmares, appeared on the mountain top! Under everyone’s view, he obtained the inheritance, even Gu Immortals could do nothing to him!

Fang Zheng who failed returned to the sect.

Shock!

Pain!

Loss!

Fear!

He knew the clan’s lies, he knew the truth, but precisely so, the shadow in his heart grew by many times.

This trauma had been nurturing in him since he was young.

Why is brother so smart? But I am so stupid!

Why was it that I cultivated so hard, yet I still lost to Fang Yuan?

Why did this happen in southern border, and also in central continent?!

“Is it true that I Gu Yue Fang Zheng, am destined to live in his shadow my entire life, never to surpass him?!” Every time Fang Zheng thought of this, there would be an indignant feeling in his heart, urging him to cultivate more.

But this time, it was different.

It was different.

Thinking of the mission the clan just passed to him, Fang Zheng’s body shuddered.

The blessed land was in Fang Yuan’s control, in order to obtain Hu Immortal blessed land, the sect was recruiting Fang Yuan. As long as he handed over the blessed land, he would be Immortal Crane Sect’s elder.

Central continent sect members were classified from low to high as outer disciple, inner disciple, elite disciple, legacy disciple.

Above disciples, there were sect elder, often at rank four cultivation, controlling the many aspects of the sect. Above sect elder was sect leader, he had to be at least rank five middle stage, and was the key person in charge.

And above the clan leader, there were supreme elders.

These supreme elders were all Gu Immortals, they were rarely seen during normal times, secluded in cultivation. Only when the sect faces a life and death situation, or when something important happens, they would appear and let the world know the true power of Immortal Crane Sect, as one of the top ten sects!

“Since I joined Immortal Crane Sect, I had cultivated so diligently these years, from outer disciple, I became an inner disciple, and from inner disciple, I became an elite disciple. During the sect examination, I emerged as the top disciple of among the elite disciples. But now, Fang Yuan just has to say a word, and he would become a sect elder. Any disciple who sees him have to bow and pay respects!”

Fang Zheng felt a great pain in his heart every time he thought about this.

If Fang Yuan really became an elder, he would have to bow and pay respects to this enemy every time he saw him! Was there fun in such a life? Was there meaning in living?

“Master, has all the effort and hardwork I put in been in vain?” At this point, Fang Zheng was standing at Tian Ti mountain foot, waiting to meet Fang Yuan. He had unavoidably fallen into deep self-doubt.

Lord Sky Crane quickly consoled him: “Fang Zheng, you have to adjust your mindset. Immortal Crane Sect sacrificed a lot for Hu Immortal Inheritance, we even used an Immortal Gu! For the sect, we have to look at this from the big picture, and put down our personal grudges temporarily. Fang Zheng, you have to understand, it was Immortal Crane Sect who nurtured you, now that the sect needs you make some sacrifices, you cannot forget your roots!”

Although he said that, Lord Sky Crane was sighing in his heart.

He understood Fang Zheng’s personality, thus his heart was even more worried.

All along, the notion of revenge was driving Fang Zheng forward like a pillar, it was also his obsession in this cultivation journey.

But now, the sect’s orders were for Fang Zheng to let down this obsession, this was more fatal than any injury. Most likely, after suffering such an impact, Fang Zheng would no longer have any drive left, he would let himself dwell in self-pity.

“But what can we do? That is a blessed land, and it even contains a forbidden ground like Dang Hun mountain! The gustones on the mountain can be used by our disciples and make our entire sect’s strength surge. Other than that, Fang Yuan has blood skull Gu and fixed immortal travel Gu on him! These things are way too valuable, they are so important, how can an elite disciple compare to them at all?”

Lord Sky Crane felt sad in his heart, but he still said to Fang Zheng: “My good disciple, you have to control your desire for revenge. A little impatience spoils great plans, treat this as a trial of your endurance! After seeing your brother, do not attack. Within the blessed land, you are not his match.”

Saying so, Lord Sky Crane recalled what He Feng Yang instructed him —

“I know the enmity between Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng. If needed, we can sacrifice Fang Zheng, you can negotiate in place of Fang Zheng!”

He Feng Yang’s pressure was great at the moment, all the supreme elders were looking at his actions.

“Master, you are telling me to treat this as a trial? I… I will try.” Fang Zheng loosened his clenched fist, then clenched it again, he was struggling in his heart, he felt pain and anger.

If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession, only to find that his enemy had died. That is pain.

If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession, but found that he could not beat his enemy, and that his enemy was still living well. That is much greater pain.

If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession,but found out that not only was he unable to beat his enemy, he even had to use a fake friendly attitude to negotiate with him, hoping the enemy would become his superior. This was the greatest pain of all pain.

“Hehe, Fang Zheng, don’t think much of it. Fang Yuan might not be having a good time, there is a calamity in the blessed land. You cannot imagine the might of a calamity. Even if your brother had an Immortal Gu, he is still a mortal. Soon, he will experience the terrifying powers of an earthly calamity. By then, the blessed land will be full of loopholes, and he would have suffered a huge loss. You have a high chance of succeeding in this trip.” Lord Sky Crane consoled him again.

Fang Zheng heard this and his mood became slightly more relaxed.

“The earthly calamity is beginning.” He Feng Yang muttered, he had been staying behind the scenes, firstly, it was to protect these elite disciples, secondly, it was to prevent the ill-intentions of other Gu Masters, and thirdly, if Fang Yuan could not block this earthly calamity, he would have to help out.

At this moment, he was starting at the spot where Hu Immortal blessed land was hiding in on Tian Ti mountain, sensing that there was an aura of destruction.

Soon, his lips curled into a smile as there was a peculiar sight on Tian Ti mountain.

Pieces after pieces of grassland appeared on Tian Ti mountain. They were like clouds or fog, illusory and not real.

How could there be a grassland on a mountain?

This was the loophole of the blessed land, and a large loophole at that, allowing outsiders to see the scene inside the blessed land.

Such a loophole could only fit Gu worms, there was still some way to go before Gu Masters can go in.

Lord Sky Crane at the other side had already called out: “The loophole appeared, send the lightning symbol paper crane Gu in.”

Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, under everyone’s supervision, he injected primeval essence and activated the Gu worm.

Lightning symbol paper crane Gu was fast as lightning, flying into the loophole.

But right after, the grassland image turned into a lump of primeval essence, as it dissipated in the air. Lightning symbol paper crane Gu flew for two rounds before flying back to Fang Zheng’s hands.

“This Fang Yuan is giving up a portion of the blessed land, completely removing it! It seems he is worried that Gu Masters might entire when the loophole turns into a tunnel.” He Feng Yang was slightly shocked, but sneered soon after: “Go ahead, let’s see how much land you can discard. Every piece of land you abandon is akin to giving up your own flesh.”

But immediately after, He Feng Yang’s expression changed.

“He’s still continuing? He’s already thrown a few square kilometers worth of land! He is really bold, no wonder he managed to snatch the inheritance.”

But a few moments later, He Feng Yang’s expression turned ugly.

“It seems that this earthly calamity is very dangerous this time. But how much land is he going to give up? He has already thrown tens of square kilometers of land away. This wastrel!”



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 420: Meeting of Brothers 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

On Tian Ti mountain, loopholes appeared one after another with increasing frequency.

Not only were Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples watching carefully, many Gu Immortals were also keeping watch behind the scenes.

During this period, Fang Zheng tried three times, finally managing to send the lightning symbol paper crane Gu into the blessed land.

A green bird spread its wings and flew into the loopholes as well, reaching the Hu Immortal blessed land.

“This is a letter sending green bird Gu! What is Feng Jiu Ge trying to do?” He Feng Yang saw this and his expression turned dark.

But at the next moment, his pupils shrunk to pin-size, his mouth opened wide as he shocked an extremely flabbergasted expression.

“My god! He’s discarding such a big area of the blessed land?!”

He Feng yang was tongue tied, he was stunned like a statue.

Fang Yuan discarded 600km2 worth of land, Tian Ti mountain waist was full of the blessed land’s projected image, grassland filled everyone’s vision.

A Gu Immortal was the first to react, appearing with the flash of a sword.

“Hahaha, what a big piece of blessed land, it is mine, don’t even think of snatching it from me!” Jian Yi Sheng shouted, wanting to pull this piece of land into his blessed land, expanding his territory.

But at this moment, a lightning flash appeared.

“F*ck!” Jian YI Sheng was caught unguarded, he shouted profanities as the blue charm lightning shadow sent him flying like a cannonball.

But Jian Yi Sheng was not to be trifled with, he immediately engaged in battle with blue charm lightning shadow.

They created a huge commotion, the earth rumbled as Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples watched in shock.

The more shocking thing was, over a dozen people appeared next, taking a piece of this 600km2 land at lightning speed like a pack of hungry wolves.

“You goddamn bastards!”

“I lured the monster away, I made the most effort, but you guys didn’t even leave me a piece of the land!”

“I f*ck all your ancestors!”

“I curse you all to have constipation, all your children will be born with a chicken’s tail!”

Jian Yi Sheng shouted angrily, he had never suffered such a great loss in his life, getting thrashed by the blue charm lightning shadow so pathetically.

“And there is that little rascal Fang Yuan, he is really evil and daring, scheming against me like this! Fight me fairly if you have guts!” He sent out the flying sword letter Gu.

Flying sword letter Gu was extremely fast, it could tear through space, even without a loophole, it could enter the blessed land.

Immortal Crane Sect’s gang was in a daze.

This, was this the mannerism of a Gu Immortal?

“This Jian Yi Sheng is a complete disgrace to us Gu Immortals…” He Feng Yang covered his face in shame.

At this time, a bright white-gold light appeared.

There was a red door in the light, 30 meters tall, it had a rainbow colored plaque.

Pink colored clouds gathered, as the rainbow light shone on Fang Zheng’s body. In the blink of an eye, Fang Zheng vanished on the spot.

Sending blue charm lightning shadow or the desolate beast swamp crab out of the blessed land was beyond little Hu Immortal’s abilities. But to transport one Fang Zheng, it was easy.

“He got in!” Seeing this, He Feng Yang’s heart eased.

A flash of lightning bolt descended from the sky, it was the blue charm lightning shadow. But the white-gold light moved the red door away in time.

By a hair’s breadth, the blue charm lightning shadow’s intention of entering the blessed land was thwarted.

Fang Zheng felt his surroundings turn blur before he regained his sight, and the environment around him had changed completely.

He was standing on a grassland, grass was all around him. There were clouds above him, extremely thick and dark clouds. Not far away, there are several lakes with ripples on the surface.

“I reached Hu Immortal blessed land.” Fang Zheng quickly reacted, all his Gu worms were sealed now, it was the same as during the competition.

A smoky lump of shadow appeared before him, expanding into the size of a mirror. Fang Yuan’s figure appeared in the mirror, he was sitting with his back leaning on the chair. He was crossing his right leg over his left leg as his left hand was placed on his knee, while his right hand was holding his chin softly on top of the chair handle.

His black hair was casually hanging over his face as his eyes squinted, showing a lazy and casual demeanour, but also gave people a sense of danger, dark and mysterious.

“My cute little brother, to think I would see you again in Central Continent.” Fang Yuan spoke.

His voice was so foreign, yet so familiar to Fang Zheng.

Fang Zheng’s body shuddered, his eyes burst forth with intense rage as he growled: “Gu Yu Fang Yuan, you crazy and hopeless demon, you murdered your entire clan! I will kill you personally!”

Saying so, he rushed towards Fang Yuan.

But this ‘Fang Yuan’ was only a projection from the smoke, after Fang Zheng charged towards it, it dissipated, but quickly gathered back into a perfect image of Fang Yuan again.

Fang Zheng pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: “Fang Yuan, you don’t even have the courage to face me? You coward! Shameless traitor, you are an inhuman animal. So what if you died, to think that you murdered your entire clan just to preserve your life. Such an outrageous act, how could you do it? Are you still human?!”

“Hehehe.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, casually leaning on his chair: “My cute little brother, you are still stupid as ever. Regardless of whether I did anything, they were going to die. If that is so, why can’t I live? If not for my counterattack, do you think you would be brought back to Central Continent? In fact, I saved your life. I am your benefactor.”

“Dog shit! You are distorting the truth, you are unbelievably shameless!” Fang Zheng heard Fang Yuan’s words, and was extremely angered by it.

Fang Yuan’s laughter came to a stop, he sighed: “Fang Zheng, my brother, you are a huge disappointment. All these years, you have not improved one bit. No matter how high your cultivation is, you are just a pawn piece. Alright, let’s talk business. I’ve seen Immortal Crane Sect’s letter, don’t bother mentioning those ridiculous promises like making me an elder. We can however, go through with the transaction and deals.”

Fang Zheng’s chest was moving up and down, his breathing was heavy as he stared at Fang Yuan’s image with hatred.

This pair of twins, they looked almost identical, and had closest blood relation in them. Unfortunately, they were life-and-death enemies.

Fang Zheng took a few deep breaths, holding in his killing intent towards Fang Yuan, thinking of the clan’s instructions: “Within Hu Immortal blessed land, our sect is not interested in the fox groups or Gu worms. But the gutstones on Dang Hun mountain have some value. We will send disciples here by batches, you will bring them to Dang Hun mountain…”

“Stop.” Before Fang Zheng finished speaking, he was interrupted by Fang Yuan: “I do not believe your Immortal Crane Sect’s sincerity.”

“This is what I want, prepare it for me as soon as possible, and hand it over to me. I do not have primeval stones, but I have the swamp crab’s corpse to trade instead. The details are in the letter, go back and consider it.”

Once he finished speaking, a small lightning bolt flew and landed in Fang Zheng’s hand.

It was that lightning symbol paper crane Gu.

This lightning symbol paper crane Gu had already been refined by Fang Yuan, and was now used by him. The contents included the Gu worms and materials Fang Yuan wanted, as well as details on the swamp crab’s blood, meat, bones, and shell etc.

Fang Zheng raised his head, and wanted to speak, but he saw the scene before him change — he had been transported out already.

“Check around, are there any suspicious things?” After Fang Zheng left, Fang Yuan did not relax, but instead gave instructions to land spirit.

The blessed land could not restrict Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not meet with Fang Zheng personally because he was worried about him bringing an Immortal Gu.

Immortal Crane Sect had a lot of resources, they had quite a lot of Immortal Gu.

Although Fang Zheng’s aperture was not able to carry Immortal Gu, as the aura would easily leak, all sorts of things could happen in the Gu world, there were definitely methods to conceal an Immortal Gu’s aura. Fang Yuan had to guard against this.

The land spirit checked for a few times and there were no problems, at this point, Fang Yuan finally relaxed.

“After the earthly calamity, will the situation improve from here?” Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, considering his current predicament.

The current situation was way more advantageous for him than he expected.

In order to devour Hu Immortal blessed land alone, Immortal Crane Sect shield him. Such guts, it was expected of one of the ten great sects of central continent!

Benefits above everything, enemies and friends were all built on this basis.

Using common words, it was the foresight of a ‘big picture’. Restricted by the sect system, and under the pressure of the ‘big picture’, so what if Fang Zheng hated him? He still had to come over and discuss the transactions.

“Once they realize that they could not capture me so easily, that being forceful would just destroy everything, Immortal Crane Sect would naturally come to negotiate with me, to make transactions. Even if outsiders find out, there would be no rumors of ‘allying with the demonic path’. That is because, Immortal Crane Sect had already admitted that I am a part of their sect! It was a meticulous decision.”

“But this is what I needed too. Even if this disciple identity is so fake, it is enough to drive away the other forces. Looking at Jian Yi Sheng and Feng Jiu Ge’s letters, one can easily tell how precious this identity is.” Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not mind this.

The truth is, he is still in the demonic path, he is still alone, doing things his way, no one could restrict him.

But at the same time, he could do transactions, and exchange for resources he needed.

“Originally, I wanted to go to Lang Ya blessed land and snatch connecting heaven Gu. But now that I can deal with Immortal Crane Sect, I do not need to do that. Although, with Hu Immortal blessed land being in my possession, Immortal Crane Sect would not let this go, they are making deals at this point because of wariness, and that they have no choice for now. I cannot be careless and give them a weakness to exploit.”

Fang Yuan reminded himself. As for his brother Fang Zheng, that was secondary.

Killing him would only be for the blood skull Gu, to raise the aperture’s aptitude by a little. The problem it would bring is making an enemy out of Immortal Crane Sect, and putting himself into grave danger.

Killing his own brother is a pure demonic act, if outsiders find out, it would be interpreted as Fang Yuan betraying Immortal Crane Sect. At that point, the ten sects and numerous demonic Gu Immortals would place their greedy gazes towards Hu Immortal blessed land.

There is no such thing as an absolute secret, once the matter is exposed, even if Immortal Crane Sect wanted to continue acting, they would not be able to.

Fang Yuan’s current situation was, raising aptitude was less important than his other objectives.

Even if his aptitude was raised, he still needed resources to cultivate.

The most important point now was to stabilize the situation and make full use of the blessed land’s resources to convert them into his own strength!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 421: Development of the Rockmen Tribe 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

He Feng Yang carefully read the detailed content of the lightning letter.

Fang Yuan only made three types of requests; primeval stones, Gu worms and materials.

“Requesting for five million primeval stones? No problem! Let alone five million, it is no issue even if he wanted ten million or fifty million.” He Feng Yang grinned.

When one reached the Gu Immortal realm, their attention was on immortal essence. They could have any amount of primeval stones they wanted, it was simply not a thing of concern.

“Huh? Five spring egg Gu?” He Feng Yang was slightly dazed.

Spring egg Gu was a rank five Gu that had the appearance of a white goose egg; it was obtained from killing specific eggmen.

Placing spring egg Gu deep underground could form a spirit spring eye. That means, it could grow a spirit spring.

Every spring egg Gu represented a small scale spirit spring.

Every small scale spirit spring could produce at least a hundred million primeval stones from the moment they formed till they disappeared!

However, spring egg Gu’s price was much higher than hundred million primeval stones. Gu Immortals would frequently buy it and plant it in their blessed land to form spirit springs and provide spiritual essence to all living beings.

Sufficient spirit springs meant the primeval energy in the blessed land would be thicker and be beneficial to the cultivation and nurturing of Gu worms.

Conversely, if there were no spirit springs, the primeval energy in the blessed land would be created by diluting the immortal essence.

From a certain aspect, spirit springs could cut down the use of immortal essence.

“To think this Fang Yuan, a mere mortal, also knows the importance of spring egg Gu. But this Gu, even Gu Immortals have a lot of demand for it, how could we give you five of them? Three is enough, the Hu Immortal blessed land you are managing will sooner or later become our Immortal Crane Sect’s property.”

He Feng Yang’s gaze moved over the list.

Below, Fang Yuan had mentioned many Gu worms.

“What does he want so many low ranked Gu worms for?” He Feng Yang felt some doubts.

If Fang Yuan demanded those rare and powerful rank five Gu worms, it would be understandable. However, what he was requesting for were some rank two and rank three Gu worms. Although he mentioned some rank four Gu, it was just a few.

“Hmph, I understand. This kid has strong vigilance! He is afraid that if he directly asks for rank five Gu, we would tamper with it, and so he intends to refine the Gu himself. Gu refinement process involves many subtle details, if the Gu worms had been tampered with, it would definitely destroy the whole refinement process. Conversely, a successfully refined Gu would be completely clean and secure.”

He Feng Yang felt somewhat irritated.

He originally had such an intention, but now he knew that this scheme could not be implemented and was already useless.

“This kid is not easy to deal with… but, how would he know so many Gu refinement recipes? His background is definitely not simple!” He Feng Yang felt some apprehension inwardly.

He thought for a while more and laughed.

“This Fang Yuan doesn’t know what’s good for him! Are Gu so easy to refine? Every Gu refinement needs huge resources. The higher the rank of the Gu to be refined, the higher the chances of failure and higher the losses. You kid, just how old are you? Gu refinement cannot succeed just with innate talent, even more importantly, you need experience and accumulation.”

He Feng Yang did not know the exact details of Fang Yuan, and even more importantly he did not know that fixed immortal travel Gu was refined by Fang Yuan. If he knew, he would definitely not be able to laugh.

He Feng Yang continued to read.

“Huh? He has requested relic Gu too. A yellow gold relic Gu and three purple crystal relic Gu?” He Feng Yang’s gaze paused as he understood Fang Yuan’s scheme.

Fang Yuan had rank four upper stage cultivation, this was already noticed by the ten sects’ Gu Immortals and was not a secret.

If Fang Yuan used a yellow gold relic Gu, he would be at rank four peak stage. After advancing to rank five initial stage, he could use the three purple crystal relic Gu one by one and directly jump to rank five peak stage.

Immortal Crane Sect was one of the ten great sects of Central Continent and had abundant resources, it naturally had these relic Gu. Every year, there would be disciples and elders who would contribute the relic Gu they obtained to the sect in exchange for contribution points. And the sect would place these green copper to purple crystal relic Gu as rewards for sect missions.

He Feng Yang could easily bring out these relic Gu, but letting Fang Yuan advance to rank five so fast did not sit well with Immortal Crane Sect’s benefits!

“Hehehe, I will first hand over one purple crystal Gu to create envy in this kid. These relic Gu are the things he wants the most, we will use it to get a hold on him and make him exchange them with guts Gu!”

He Feng Yang continued to read the letter, after the Gu worms were names of some materials.

These materials were also common for the most part. Although there were some precious Gu refinement materials listed, they were few in number.

“It seems this kid’s main plan is to refine Gu. Hmph, you want to refine? Go ahead. But why does he need star heron bile, toad stones, ascension wine, and these other extremely uncommon materials?”

There were very few recipes that included the use of these materials, some of these materials had value that could compare to parts of a desolate beast. Even He Feng Yang would have to expend some effort to get these things.

“Whether this kid is deliberately mystifying it to scatter my attention or is really refining some rare Gu, I cannot give all these materials to him at once. I need to make him feel anxious to probe out his true intent. Hmm, for this transaction, I will give him a vat of ascension wine.”

This ascension wine was a top quality wine brewed by Immortal Crane Sect’s supreme third elder. Over a hundred years ago, He Feng Yang had officially sided with the third elder. In the banquet, the supreme third elder was in a great mood and rewarded him with three vats of ascension wine.

Supreme third elder liked drinking wine and it was one of his hobbies. However, He Feng Yang did not like to drink and ascension wine was worthless to him.

He Feng Yang saw each part of the desolate beast listed at the end of the letter.

He licked his lips.

This was a desolate beast, an existence that could be compared to Gu Immortals!

“Such a complete desolate beast corpse, looks like the earthly calamity this time was the desolate beast calamity. This kid’s luck is really good, using Dang Hun mountain to destroy the swamp crab’s soul and obtain such a complete corpse.”

He Feng Yang instantly guessed the details of the earthly calamity.

“We can completely procure this swamp crab, but why has he not requested rockmen? Could it be that he does not know of the rockmen because of limited knowledge? Or is it because the group that migrated at that time is still alive? There is too little information.”

What was the situation in Hu Immortal blessed land, how did Fang Yuan obtained fixed immortal travel Gu, who was behind him; He Feng Yang did not know the answers to any of these questions.

The five great regions – central continent, southern border, northern plains, western desert and eastern sea – were mutually independent, separated by barriers and each of them were incomparably vast.

Immortal Crane Sect had yet to grasp the whole central continent, let alone make contact with every region of southern border.

However, after Fang Yuan seized Hu Immortal’s inheritance, Immortal Crane Sect had already sent elders to southern border to investigate.

 …

Several days later.

“We’re here, plant the spirit spring at this location.” On the grassland, Fang Yuan stopped walking and said to little Hu Immortal following behind him.

Little Hu Immortal nodded her little head and raised her palm upon which a spring egg Gu flew out.

Spring egg Gu landed on the ground and drilled deep underground. Within moments, Fang Yuan felt the ground shake and could hear the sound of flowing water becoming louder rapidly.

And then, a fountain of spring water spurted out of the ground and flew as high as twenty to thirty meters.

The spring water was milky white and produced water vapor. After a few breaths’ time, Fang Yuan could feel the primeval energy in the air becoming very dense.

“Primeval energy is the origin energy of all living beings; with the increase in primeval energy, the land will become more fertile, vegetation will flourish and beast groups will prosper even more, there will be a lot of benefits to the rockmen as well.” Fang Yuan nodded his head in satisfaction.

The transaction with Immortal Crane Sect was a success. Fang Yuan sold the whole swamp crab’s corpse and in return obtained most of the things he needed.

Among them were three spring egg Gu.

This spring egg Gu was a rank five Gu and was a one time expendable Gu that could turn into a small scale spirit spring.

It had a high demand on primeval essence to be activated and even rank five upper stage Gu Masters would have to exhaust all their primeval essence to succeed in activating it.

Fang Yuan was only at rank four upper stage and was absolutely unable to activate spring egg Gu. But fortunately, he had the little Hu Immortal land spirit as his helper.

Fang Yuan buried these three spring egg Gu near the rockmen tribes.

After the trial of the sixth earthly calamity, there were only a few pitiful fox groups left in Hu Immortal blessed land and were not worth nurturing. Fang Yuan thus put all his attention on the rockmen tribes.

Now, there were only a few hundreds rockmen left, much lesser than the foxes. However, with Dang Hun mountain and these three spirit springs, the rockmen tribes could rapidly grow and develop.

“Hehehe, Master, this is awesome! With three spirit springs, our green grape immortal essence expenditure will greatly reduce.” Little Hu Immortal looked at the spurting spring water and narrowed her eyes in happiness.

“These three spirit springs can produce at least three hundred million primeval stones and can last for fifty to sixty years. But if we look at the whole blessed land, it is far from enough. It is lacking even for the southern area of the blessed land.” Fang Yuan calculated.

Spirit springs were classified into small scale, mid-scale and large scale.

Small scale spirit springs could last for fifty to sixty years; mid-scale spirit spring could last for about a hundred years and more; large scale spirit spring could last for centuries.

The spurting spring water loosened the surrounding soil and the spring mouth gradually enlarged. The force of the spring water was not enough and its height slowly reduced.

In four to five days, the spring mouth would form and the spirit spring would start flowing, spreading to the surrounding soil. In several months, the dense primeval energy would condense into the first batch of primeval stones.

“Let’s return. The rockmen tribes should be having the time of their lives now.” Fang Yuan commanded the land spirit.

The next moment, the two teleported to Dang Hun mountain.

“Heavens, so many gutstones!”

“The place is in a mess, there definitely was a huge battle here. Maybe that male immortal is already dead.”

“Our rockmen tribes’ glorious days are coming!!”

“We will have endless offsprings. Tribe leader Yan Yong, we can establish the world’s largest rockmen tribe!”

The rockmen cheered and shouted, indulging in this moment of happiness and fortune.

Dang Hun mountain was filled with gutstones. There was one every five steps.

The rockmen struck the gutstones in a frenzy and strengthened their soul.

There were many young rockmen who also struck the gutstones and rapidly strengthened their newborn souls, allowing them to control more rocks as their body.

There were only a few hundreds rockmen at first, but in only a day, their population expanded by ten times!

The more the population grew, the faster they multiplied.

On the morning of the second day, their population broke ten thousand. On the evening of the third day, their numbers reached three hundred thousand.

All the gutstones on Dang Hun mountain were plucked clean.

On the fourth day, Dang Hun mountain started emitting pressure and the rockmen could only reluctantly leave the place, majestically returning to their homes.

There were unexpected gifts, the new three spirit springs, waiting for them there.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 422: Spectral Soul Demon Venerable 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Blub blub blub blub…

In a huge five-man-tall cauldron, green-blue colored liquid was bubbling inside.

The liquid seemed to be boiling, but cold air was emitting from it, even a rockman’s hand would turn into an icicle if he placed it in.

Fang Yuan stood before the large cauldron, multitasking as he controlled it while taking out a primeval elder Gu.

He multitasked, activating primeval elder Gu as primeval stones flew out from within.

Plop plop plop…

Primeval stones caused a splash when they entered the cauldron.

Primeval elder Gu was a rank three storage Gu, it could hold up to a million primeval stones. It was shaped like a crystal ball, half transparent with clouds forming into an old man inside. The old man smiled when there were a lot of primeval stones inside, and cried with there were few primeval stones.

As large amounts of primeval stones were thrown in, the old man’s smile turned into a bitter expression.

Fang Yuan expended around half a million primeval stones for this refinement.

If it was the past, he would not be able to afford it. But now, he is affluent, after he sold the desolate beast swamp crab and bought quite a bit of things, he had around six million primeval stones left.

As primeval stones were thrown in, a large spiral formed inside the cauldron, causing the liquid to flow faster. The cauldron was slightly shaking.

At this crucial moment, Fang Yuan invested all his concentration into it, he could not be distracted anymore.

Sweat quickly formed on his forehead, he could only call out: “Land spirit.”

“Yes!” Little Hu Immortal responded quickly, throwing pieces and pieces of silver ingots into the cauldron.

The ingots entered the liquid, causing the spiral to slow down.

One by one, the ingots fell in until the surface of the cauldron became still, forming into silver colored ice.

Eventually, all the liquid inside was frozen, large amounts of silver colored mist flew out, freezing the entire cauldron, in fact, it extended five steps from the cauldron, dying the ground silver.

Fang Yuan breathed heavily: “After refining Gu for three days, it’s finally done. Up!”

Silver colored ice broke apart, and Gu worms flew out.

These Gu were all rank three, they were shaped like little cups, while also resembling trumpet flowers. Three of them could fit on one palm.

They were silver in color, used to hold liquid or store Gu worms.

Little Hu Immortal counted, smiling brightly, clapping her hands: “Hundred and thirty seven, hundred and forty-six, hundred and fifty-nine! Master, you are amazing, refining a hundred and fifty-nine rank three Gu worms at once. We can sell these for quite a sum, what are these Gu worms?”

“Hehe, these are silver cup Gu, we have to use them to refine Gu, they are not for sale.” Fang Yuan smiled.

Three hundred and eighty years into Fang Yuan’s previous life, these silver cup Gu were created by a Gu Immortal. Continuing to refine them until they were rank five, that was the Gu Fang Yuan needed.

Of course they could not be sold now.

“These days, I used a large number of guts Gu to raise my soul to fifty-two times of a normal person. Thus, I did not feel much fatigue, and was able to refine so many Gu at once.” Fang Yuan was extremely pleased with the results of this refinement.

The benefits of having a strong foundation in his soul was shown here.

If He Feng Yang saw this, he would no longer underestimate Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan’s ability at refining Gu had already greatly exceeded his own.

But his head was still dizzy.

Every Gu refinement caused a strain on the soul, it used a lot of mental energy, not to mention Fang Yuan’s large-scale refinement.

If it was before, Fang Yuan could only sleep to rest his soul. But now, he had a better method.

“Land spirit, this cauldron is useless now, get rid of it, I am going outside to walk.”

“Yes master.” Little Hu Immortal immediately got to work.

Three to four days had already passed, large numbers of gutstones had formed on Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan casually stepped on a few pieces, the guts Gu that flew out recovered his soul, even strengthening it.

Fang Yuan instantly felt the dizziness go away from his head, he could think at lightning speed.

He laughed heartily: “This guts Gu is truly a divine Gu, the effect is so amazing. In that case, I shall strengthen my soul to the limit today.”

Sixty-eight times! Fang Yuan felt refreshed, his movements were extremely fast and light.

Seventy-seven times! Fang Yuan could think at lightning speed, every thought moved like a spark.

Eighty-five times! Fang Yuan’s soul had already vaguely hit his body’s limit.

Ninety-two times! Fang Yuan could clearly feel his own soul. In his perception, his soul was grey-white color, its outer appearance was just like Fang Yuan’s appearance, except it was extremely strong, muscular and had a bear-tiger like body. As for Fang Yuan, although his body was muscular, he only had muscular shoulders with a thin waist. His soul was quite squeezed inside this body.

Was he at his limit?

Ninety-three times! Fang Yuan used one more guts Gu, his soul strengthened once again. This time, Fang Yuan felt an unprecedented feeling, it was amazing and comfortable. It felt a hundred times better than taking drugs, eating good food, or having intercourse! It made a strong man like Fang Yuan groan out in pleasure.

An indescribable sensation of comfort and addiction made him savour this feeling, unable to forget it.

Fang Yuan’s eyes shone in a cold light, his heart became alert.

He stepped on a few more gutstone, and his soul got stronger again. The feeling of comfort this time was much more intense than before!

Ninety-seven times, ninety-eight times, ninety-nine times!

The feeling came from deep within his soul, it was so intense that Fang Yuan’s body shuddered, his bones felt like they were melting and his muscles were twitching, it could not be described with words.

A hundred times!

The intense sensation and addiction assaulted like a tornado, Fang Yuan almost fainted from this.

“This is the limit, I cannot use the guts Gu anymore!” Fang Yuan bit the tip of his tongue, using the pain to keep himself conscious, not falling into addiction.

Normal people could only strengthen their soul by a hundred times, it was called hundred man soul!

This was also the extreme limit. If the soul strengthened just a bit more, it would explode in a loud bang. Like a stomach that burst from overeating.

But the explosion of the soul was many times more severe than the bursting of a stomach. The soul would complete disperse in the air, completely destroyed, the flesh would be preserved for a while before rotting away, revealing the white skeleton.

If Fang Yuan indulged in the feeling, and used one more guts Gu, he would not even have the time to use Spring Autumn Cicada, he would die immediately, wiped off from this world.

Too bad I don’t have Luo Po valley, inside it, there is the bewilderment fog that can loosen the soul. There is also the Luo Po wind that can cut the soul. After torture and trials, the soul will become more refined and condensed.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.

Simply strengthening the soul was a quantitative advantage. Only through refinement and purification can there be a qualitative advantage.

In this world, there were many Gu Masters who cultivated their soul, they were called soul path Gu Masters. Soul path and strength path were at the same level, glorious during the ancient times. Except, strength path was now at its lowest point, while soul path was staying strong, it was the largest path in the current world.

The Gu Master who created the soul path is renowned in the entire world’s history.

He is Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!

Rank nine Gu Master, standing at the top of the universe, looking down at mortals plainly, he was truly invincible, a legend who dominated his era.

At the same time, he was the rank nine Gu Immortal with the greatest killing nature.

Among all Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables, he killed the most people. During his dark era, he made the five regions into his personal slaughterhouse. All living beings were his livestock, they had no way to resist.

Spectral Soul Demon Venerable once said: In this huge world, Dang Hun mountain is the best at strengthening soul, and Luo Po valley is the best at refining soul. One mountain and one valley, if one had both, they would achieve great success in the soul path, and they would be able to dominate the world.

Thus, Dang Hun mountain and Luo Po valley were the two sacred lands of soul path Gu Masters.

Fang Yuan obtaining Dang Hun mountain was a huge blessing, he got a great deal from his rebirth. If he wanted to get Luo Po Valley, there was little hope, he did not know where it was.

“But, even without Luo Po valley, I can use other soul path Gu worms to replace it. Divine soul Gu, dragon soul Gu, ice soul Gu, dream soul Gu, moon soul Gu, general soul Gu, grudge soul Gu, poem soul Gu and others, they can all refine my soul and allow me to continue strengthening my soul, to break through hundred man soul, to reach thousand man soul, or even ten thousand man soul.”

He could not get these Gu from Immortal Crane Sect. That is because these Gu that were directly used on the soul, if Immortal Crane Sect did something to them, it would be too dangerous.

But Fang Yuan knew very little of these Gu worms’ recipes. Most importantly, he has not decided on which Gu would suit him the most.

“For now, hundred man soul is sufficient to deal with my problems, I should place my energy on how to trade rockmen.” Fang Yuan’s train of thought came back to the matter at hand.

He had already sold swamp crab, but next, he did not intend to sell the gutstones.

If he sold gutstones, that would strengthen Immortal Crane Sect, that was not favorable.

For the following days, Fang Yuan continued to refine Gu while cleansing his aperture.

A month passed quickly, with the nine eyes liquor worm’s help, Fang Yuan successfully advanced to rank four peak stage.

At the same time, he refined a hundred and fifty-five gold cup Gu.

Gold cup Gu and silver cup Gu were about the same, they were rank three Gu used to store fluids.

Next, he used both silver cup Gu and gold cup Gu in refinement, after seven days and six nights, his luck was not bad, he obtained three rank four gold and silver cup Gu.

He put down his work at hand, and turned his attention to the rockmen: “So many days have passed, the rockmen should’ve reproduced already.”

In a rockman’s life, most of the time was spent on sleeping.

Normally, when a rockman reaches three hundred years old, his soul would accumulate to a degree, and he would produce an offspring. Next, every two hundred years, he will produce one young rockman.

Without accidents, a rockman can live to a thousand years, and they would have four offsprings when they die.

But because of the gutstones, the rockmen tribes expanded rapidly, they had around three hundred thousand tribesmen now.

The increased numbers caused the internal conflicts among rockmen to increase, intensify, and erupt.

Rockmen’s social system was very relaxed, it could at most govern a hundred thousand people. As expected, after some political strifes, the rockmen split into three groups, each with around a hundred thousand people, each occupying one spirit spring, making their new homes there.

Fang Yuan took out the new slavery Gu that he made and handed them to the little Hu Immortal.

Slavery Gu, ranged from rank one to five. Fang Yuan refined rank three slavery Gu only, it was enough to enslave the rockmen tribes.

Little Hu Immortal teleported the slavery Gu for about ten thousand miles away, using them on the most crucial rockmen.

The rockmen’s soul were not Fang Yuan’s match, they were easily enslaved.

In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan controlled three rockmen tribe leaders including Yan Yong, as well as over a dozen rockmen tribe elders.

At once, the three hundred thousand rockmen were under his control.

Governing many lives and making great changes with just a wave of his hand, this was already showing the ability of a Gu Immortal!



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 423: Fang Yuan you little bastard! 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

“Not selling gutstones, but selling rockmen instead?” He Feng Yang looked at the letter in his hand with a grim expression.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, the guts Gu from Dang Hun mountain was the thing Immortal Crane Sect needed the most. Once they had the guts Gu to raise the foundation of their disciples’ soul, Immortal Crane Sect’s strength in terms of disciples would rise by thirty percent.

Furthermore, gutstones could not leave Dang Hun mountain, they could only be used on the spot. Thus, with this reason, Immortal Crane Sect disciples could freely enter Hu Immortal blessed land. As time passed, Fang Yuan’s alertness would gradually fall, and Immortal Crane Sect would be free to set up some traps inside the blessed land.

But Fang Yuan adamantly refused to sell the gutstones, He Feng Yang was very troubled: “Since when did great Gu Immortals like myself have to be subjected to such difficulties from a mere mortal rascal?!”

He gritted his teeth as he thought, his handsome young face distorting with anger.

He had battle strength, but he could not display them. Fang Yuan was hiding inside the blessed land like a tortoise, he also had fixed immortal travel Gu and could leave at any time. He Feng Yang, and even the entire Immortal Crane Sect were afraid of his trump cards, and thus did not dare to attack.

“It seems the rockmen that Hu Immortal brought into her blessed land are still alive. But this Fang Yuan is selling so many of these rockmen now, just how many guts Gu did he use to create them!”

Thinking of this, He Feng Yang’s heart was bleeding.

Several months had passed since the last transaction. The time in Hu Immortal blessed land was five times faster, thus he had around a year or so.

Fang Yuan nurtured so many young and strong rockmen, if these expended guts Gu were given to Immortal Crane Sect, and used to nurture disciples, how good would that be?

But this rascal Fang Yuan, he would rather nurture rockmen than give these guts Gu to Immortal Crane Sect. His motives are execrable, execrable!

What made He Feng Yang most furious was not just this. Most importantly, he was angry at himself — these rockmen that Fang Yuan was selling, even if he was a Gu Immortal, his heart was moved.

In a blessed land, if there were ample rockmen, Gu immortals could develop their underground land and excavate large amounts of resources.

All sorts of metals, gems, ore, as well as Gu worms, underground animals, they could be endlessly obtained.

Other than that, if they had enough rockmen, they can build an underground city, this was, in a way, expanding the blessed land’s territory.

If there was no manpower in the blessed land, the resources Gu Immortals excavate would mostly be from the surface, it was limited. But if they had rockmen, and could even use the resources underground, the profits would be many times more than before.

Thus, in the market, rockmen were in high demand and low supply.

A rockman’s life is mostly spent on sleeping. An ordinary rockman lives to a thousand years old, in one life, they have four children.

It was not impossible to use soul path Gu worms on them to raise their soul’s strength, many Gu Immortals tried it, but none succeeded.

There was only one reason, cost.

The value of a soul path Gu worms greatly exceeded a single rockman.

Unless a Gu Immortal has a special need for rockmen, they would never profit from this.

In this world, only Fang Yuan who controlled Dang Hun mountain could nurture rockmen on such a scale.

Furthermore, the price Fang Yuan quoted in this transaction was also very appealing. Even if Immortal Crane Sect did not need it, they could resell it and earn at a huge profit.

But because this was such a good deal, He Feng Yang felt extremely troubled.

He knew this was bait from Fang Yuan.

Not afraid that you aren’t moved, just afraid you won’t take the bait!

Just as Fang Yuan had expected, He Feng Yang was already inclined towards the deal, not just him, Immortal Crane Sect would also be moved, and other Gu Immortals would also want this deal. The rockmen trading business could flourish for at least a hundred years.

“This wicked little rascal Fang Yuan, he is really devious. But with this batch of rockmen, I could show some results to supreme grand elder, second elder, and third elder, I can also make Lei Tan shut up. I can catch a breather in that case.” He Feng Yang breathed heavily, calming his mind.

He squinted his eyes, his mouth curling into a cold smile: “But don’t be too smug Fang Yuan. Tit for tat, if you don’t sell guts Gu, I will not sell relic Gu. Didn’t you want yellow gold relic Gu and purple crystal relic Gu? No way in hell!”

…

Fang Yuan laid on his chair, looking at Immortal Crane Sect’s reply.

Because blue charm lightning shadow was still guarding Tian Ti mountain, little Hu Immortal did not dare to open the blessed land’s doors, thus Immortal Crane Sect used the flying sword letter Gu this time.

Fang Yuan took a look and understood the content.

In He Feng Yang’s letter, other than agreeing to the deal, he also stated his objective: to buy guts Gu. For the guts Gu, he could sell relic Gu, or even lend a hand to help survive the seventh earthly calamity.

Fang Yuan chuckled continuously.

Letting He Feng Yang into Hu Immortal blessed land was a greater danger than the calamity itself, that was impossible.

As for the relic Gu, did he think that threat would be Fang Yuan’s weakness? What a laughable idea.

“I will definitely not sell the guts Gu, but I can sell rockmen, I have no worries about attracting Immortal Crane Sect. But I cannot just deal with Immortal Crane Sect alone, I also need to expand my business further.” Fang Yuan considered.

With his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan knew that his sale price as lower than the market value.

Immortal Crane Sect would definitely profit from this trade.

But this was also arranged by Fang Yuan.

That is because at the moment, he needed his identity as an Immortal Crane Sect disciple, thus he also needed to maintain and sustain this fictitious relationship.

“With this profit, He Feng Yang’s pressure would be lifted off him, he wants my blessed land, but I also need time to grow. After I become a Gu Immortal, would I still be afraid of Immortal Crane Sect?” Fang Yuan laughed plainly.

He looked at the letter again, at the end of it, He Feng Yang decided on a time, and requested Fang Yuan to open the door, to send in the hole earth Gu.

This was a very large scale transaction, Fang Yuan was going to sell sixty thousand rockmen. But these rockmen could not leave from the blessed land’s doors.

At the moment, that blue charm lightning shadow was still moving around Tian Ti mountain. If the doors were opened, and it managed to rush in, Fang Yuan would be in huge trouble.

Thus in this situation, he needed to use hole earth Gu.

This Gu was rank five, and consisted of two Gu, the main Gu and the sub Gu.

Its biggest use was to connect the two places with one tunnel. The Gu Master will enter from the sub Gu, and come out from the main Gu, similarly for the opposite direction as well.

Hole earth Gu was often used to connect two blessed lands. Normally, hole earth Gu was used to transport and send resources. During war or battles, reinforcements could be sent in via the hole earth Gu, assisting immediately.

“To undergo the transaction and send these rockmen away, hole earth Gu has to be used inevitably. But I am worried that your hole earth Gu might have some traps in it, I’d rather refine it myself.”

Fang Yuan thought about this and leaked the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, refining the flying sword letter Gu and rapidly writing a letter back to He Feng Yang.

Half a day later, He Feng Yang received the letter, looking at it only to find large amounts of Gu worms listed in it, and all sorts of ingredients.

“Oh? You don’t want to use my hole earth Gu, but you improved on the recipe and want to refine the new version yourself?” He Feng Yang was furious.

“Bullshit! Hole earth Gu has already been used for five hundred years, the recipe is known by all Gu Immortals, you think you can refine it further? Fang Yuan, this rascal’s alertness is too high, he wants to use this chance to extort me, so that I would not dare to reject his deals again. I don’t need to see to know that the relic Gu or spring egg Gu or some rare Gu worms in the strength path is included… eh? None?”

He Feng Yang gave it a glance, but did not see any relic Gu, spring egg Gu, or any strength path Gu listed.

But there were a lot of uncommon Gu, and even some low ranking Gu worms. The highest was rank five Gu worms, the earth path build a mountain Gu, normally used to increase the success rate of Gu refinement. Other than that, he requested a lot of rank four Gu, the commonly seen moving form Gu, and the very useful another perspective Gu.

He Feng Yang wavered: “Looking at this list, it seems he really is going to refine Gu. As long as his luck is okay, the materials are enough to refine three hole earth Gu. Don’t tell me, he really improved the recipe of hole earth Gu? No, Fang Yuan is a mere mortal, how can this be? But what if he has a Gu Immortal behind him?”

If it was an improved recipe, then the new Gu would definitely be far stronger than hole earth Gu.

He Feng Yang’s heart wavered.

Even if he could not get the recipe, after Fang Yuan succeeds the refinement, he would have to give the sub Gu to him. By then, he as a Gu immortal would be able to infer many details about the Gu from that sub Gu, and he has a high chance of recreating the same recipe.

Two days later, Fang Yuan received the letter.

Fang Yuan opened it and looked, just as he expected, He Feng Yang made all sorts of excuses inside the letter, intentionally reducing the amount of many materials and Gu worms, his motive was clear, he wanted to probe Fang Yuan’s true recipe.

Fang Yuan laughed and shook his head while sighing, this He Feng Yang was too meticulous in this thoughts, this was both a strength and a weakness.

Although they had interacted for merely a few times, Fang Yuan had already seen through him.

Fang Yuan replied blandly that He Feng Yang was not to reduce any of the materials, otherwise the refinement would fail.

But He Feng Yang continued to argue and bargain, he said so much garbage that he almost believed his own excuses.

After a few times, Fang Yuan “helplessly” chose to give in, writing another list.

“Lad, you are too young to compete with me.” He Feng Yang saw this letter than handed over a portion of the materials, while finding excuses to delay the others.

With the constant stalling, they wasted about eight to nine days.

Only until Fang Yuan showed an extremely helpless and angry attitude did He Feng Yang stop, realizing that the time was ripe, using the sixth list which had far less materials to do his research.

But his Gu refinement skills were not good, even after researching it thoroughly, and trying a few times, he did not get any results.

Half a month later, in central continent’s time, he received the hole earth Gu from Fang Yuan.

He received it like a treasure, going into deep research again.

But this time, he spent three days before successfully reverse-engineering the recipe.

Looking at this recipe, He Feng Yang screamed: “Fang Yuan, you little bastard! This is the normal recipe for hole earth Gu!”

Immediately, he screamed and scolded Fang Yuan calling him shameless, unscrupulous, devious, vile, and his insults even extended to Fang Yuan’s ancestors.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 424: We are going to slay an Immortal 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

The west area of the blessed land was a vast grassland.

It was a scene of green that extended all over the place. A newborn fox was having fun playing with a fluttering butterfly.

In Hu Immortal blessed land, foxes were the strongest predator and thus had worry-free lives.

Although they suffered an extreme grave loss during the sixth earthly calamity, they did not die out completely. On the vast grassland, the fox groups were slowly but surely growing.

Suddenly, the space rippled and two figures appeared scaring the little fox away.

One was a man wearing a black robe, he was tall and valiant with black hair and eyes as deep as abyss. The other was a cute and young girl who was wearing colorful clothes, her eyes shone like stars and she had a snowy-white soft fluffy tail, the thin and long fur on her tail slightly shook with the wind.

They were none other than Fang Yuan and little Hu Immortal land spirit.

“The position is good, it should be here.” Fang Yuan looked around before taking out a hole earth Gu from his aperture.

This Gu looked like a walnut with a wooden and uneven surface, and was as large as a watermelon.

Hole earth Gu was a rank five Gu and required at least a rank five peak stage Gu Master to activate it with all his primeval essence.

Fang Yuan naturally could not do it, thus he gave the Gu to the land spirit.

After little Hu Immortal activated it, the hole earth Gu immediately burst out with intense scarlet rays of light before piercing into the ground.

In an instant, red light shot to the sky and 50km of ground shook.

The red light abruptly dissipated and a crack as big as two hundred and seventy feet appeared on the ground.

The soil around the crack bulged up and if one were to look from above, it would look like a person’s lips.

Immediately following, the two sides of the cracks slowly opened up and revealed two rows of compact cube blocks of rocks resembling human teeth.

The ‘teeth’ also opened up and revealed an eerie large cave.

“Master, I’m hungry…” The lips-like crack opened and closed, unexpectedly speaking in a loud voice, causing the nearby ground to shake.

Fang Yuan smiled and took out a primeval elder Gu.

He sent his primeval essence and the amiable looking old man’s happy expression gradually disappeared because large amounts of primeval stones were being taken out and thrown into the huge lips like crack.

After throwing in as much as two hundred thousand primeval stones, Fang Yuan stopped and put back the primeval elder Gu into his aperture.

The huge lips like crack slowly closed, its two rows of giant stone teeth started grinding the primeval stones into powder.

‘Gulp ‘, there was a loud sound like that of a person swallowing food, it echoed and shook the ground.

After swallowing these primeval stones, the lips-like crack calmed down and made no more noise.

At this point, the hole earth Gu could be said to have succeeded.

It could not be moved now, they would have to wait for He Feng Yang’s sub Gu to activate before the two sides could link.

Feeding the hole earth Gu was an extremely huge expenditure. It would have to be fed two hundred thousand primeval stones yearly. And a large amount of primeval stones needed to be used every time it was activated.

Which ordinary Gu Master could use it alone? Besides the large sects and clans, only the Gu Immortals with huge resources could raise it and activate these hole earth Gu.

“Land spirit, this place needs to be strictly guarded from now on. Enslave some fox groups and place them here.” Fang Yuan said while looking at the large lips-like crack.

“Yes, master.”

 …

“To protect our homes, we need to fight!”

“That damned immortal has come back stronger, we need to advance against this hardship. For a beautiful future and for our tribesmen, raise your fists!!”

“Although there are some grudges between us and the other two clans, they are all small conflicts within our stonemen tribes. This time, our three tribes will each send twenty thousand warriors to form an army to march west and attack the immortal’s nest.”

“This is a huge war, everything is for our people.”

“Our parents and ancestors gave their lives and souls to defeat the immortal, and create this peaceful life we are enjoying now. We need to follow the footsteps of our elders and advance courageously in this war!”

The land spirit mobilized fox groups to appear near the stonemen tribes. The higher ups of the stonemen tribes took advantage of this to quickly form an allied army.

The majestic allied army marched towards the west area.

On their way, they had five to six small scale fights; they all ended in the stonemen army’s victory while the fox groups had to retreat bit by bit.

“Look there! That is the demon’s nest!” Yan Yong walked in front towards the hole earth Gu.

“Oh Mother Earth, you are our mother and have nurtured us stonemen. Why do you shield such an abominable immortal?” Yan Yong shouted in deep pain.

The huge crack slowly opened and little Hu Immortal spoke after using a Gu worm to change her voice.

The stonemen heard the gentle voice of a woman: “Oh stonemen, my children. I did not want to shield that immortal, but he entered my stomach and is hiding in my heart, threatening me to protect him. I will open my mouth, please come in and eliminate him, I will give you my blessing!”

The stonemen were astonished at first before they started shouting enthusiastically.

“Mother Earth spoke!”

“We are the warriors blessed by Mother Earth!”

“How despicable is this immortal, actually threatening our benevolent and gentle Mother Earth. We will definitely cut him into a thousand pieces!!”

The allied army of the stonemen felt their morale rising to the limit.

The large lips like crack opened wide. Yan Yong took the lead and shouted: “Stonemen, charge!”

He then jumped into the cave.

“Charge, we can’t let our tribes’ hero fight alone.”

“Charge, we are fearless, we are omnipotent, we will kill the immortal!”

“Mother Earth is on our side, this battle will be our win!”

The stonemen jumped like dumplings into the large crack.

They fell down the dark tunnel for a while before they landed on the ground.

“Where is this? It is completely dark.”

“This is even darker than underground, we can’t see anything.”

“How can we fight if we can’t see?”

The stonemen were feeling doubtful when suddenly there was a huge coughing sound. A ball of light suddenly burst open above their heads. Rapid airflow instantly formed and carried them, as they were shot out.

“Two hundred thirty, two hundred forty…” Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples were standing beside the hole earth Gu’s sub Gu and were meticulously counting the stonemen that were shot out.

After the stonemen were shot out by the huge lips-like crack, they were immediately restrained by Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples when they fell on the ground, unable to resist and unable to move.

Yan Yong and some stonemen elders stood at the side, looking at this scene in fear and their heads were lowered.

He Feng Yang had been furious after being played by Fang Yuan, but he eventually took consideration of the whole situation and did not smash the hole earth Gu’s sub Gu under his anger, but instead planted it on Fei He mountain.

As for the stonemen…

Fang Yuan used their belief in Mother Earth and then used the fox groups and the stonemen higher ups to smoothly entice sixty thousand young stonemen into Fei He mountain and sell them.

Man is the spirit of all living beings.

In this world, apart from the humans born from Ren Zu’s proper bloodline, there were also variant humans.

Variant humans might be more intelligent compared to other lifeforms but they were far from having human wisdom. Hairy men were ignorant, eggmen were innocent and stonemen were naive and barbaric…

Even a smart seven or eight year old child could deceive them. Whether it was Southern Border or Central Continent, such things often happened – some kids would bump into hairy men or stonemen at some place and deceive them all the way to the market. The variant humans would be ignorant even after being sold off, still the counting the money for them.

With this transaction Fang Yuan earned over one million six hundred thousand primeval stones.

Although each of the sixty thousand stonemen were young and energetic, they could not match the value of a swamp crab. On top of that Fang Yuan had to pay for the Gu refinement materials and there was the loss of sixty-five thousand primeval stones to use the hole earth Gu, and he also bought some common materials.

He Feng Yang had raised the price by ten percent as revenge, and also decreased many things Fang Yuan requested.

Fang Yuan did not care, the things he really wanted were already in his hands.

After the transaction was over, Yan Yong and the other stonemen elders followed the hole earth Gu back to Hu Immortal blessed land. Fang Yuan had already arranged a proper explanation to them and was sure the stonemen tribes would not rebel. Even if there was a rebellion, he could kill them and raise another batch. In any case, there were still a lot of gutstones on Dang Hun mountain.

Fang Yuan calmed down in his mind and continued his cultivation.

However, at rank four peak stage, nine eyes liquor worm had lost its use.

Liquor worm could purify the quality of the primeval essence, but only by a small realm. Fang Yuan was now at rank four peak stage and possessed the peak stage true gold primeval essence. Another step forward would be rank five initial stage light purple primeval essence.

Fang Yuan sealed the nine eyes liquor worm.

This Gu worm had accompanied him since Qing Mao mountain. From rank one liquor worm to current rank four nine eyes liquor worm, now it could finally retire.

By simply relying on true gold primeval essence to nurture his aperture, Fang Yuan’s cultivation had become slower.

Naturally because he was at Hu Immortal blessed land, his cultivation speed was at least five times faster than the ordinary Gu Masters in the outside world.

“With this speed, I will have at least rank five middle stage cultivation or even near to upper stage by the time the seventh earthly calamity strikes.”

Fang Yuan possessed A grade aptitude now, breaking through to rank five was not a problem. However, the higher the Gu Master’s cultivation, the more time it would take for them to advance.

He had taken the purple crystal relic Gu into consideration when he said rank five middle stage.

Such speed compared to the five hundred years of his previous life was countless times better. Now, he was just slightly above thirty and was already at rank four peak stage. While in his previous life, at this age, he was still struggling at rank two realm.

“But this speed is still slow. There is the seventh earthly calamity outside in the blessed land while I have a great internal threat called Spring Autumn Cicada!”

Fang Yuan calculated that he would have to leave the blessed land in at most three years and go through a series of adventures. At least, he needed to find smooth success Gu or immediate success Gu to use on Spring Autumn Cicada and obtain a greater opportunity to live.

“Sigh! How I hope I could just keep on cultivating in the blessed land like Feng Jiu Ge and roam the world after reaching Gu Immortal realm.”

Spring Autumn Cicada’s ability to let the Gu Master rebirth was not fake, but there were too many restrictions. Even if the rebirth succeeded, the Gu Master would have to guard against it bursting their aperture. If there was not such a great fault, Fang Yuan’s cultivation would be many times easier.

“For the next three years, I will have to refine Gu, use gutstones to expand the stonemen population and sell them for all kinds of resources.”

However, while Fang Yuan’s plan was near flawless, it could not compete against fate’s prank.

Merely a month later, a huge change occured that gave him no choice but to leave the blessed land to an earlier date.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 425: Immortal Gu and Mud 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Crack.

Fang Yuan crushed a gutstone in his hand, immediately, mud flowed out, staining his palm.

Fang Yuan’s gaze was solemn, he picked another rock on the mountain and held it in his hand.

His hand was stained with yellow mud, with a slow speed, it was slowly disintegrating the rock, turning the hard rock into more mud.

A moment later, Fang Yuan could distinctly feel the rock shrinking.

After ten minutes, the rock completely turned into mud, vanishing.

The yellow mud flowed down the space between Fang Yuan’s finger, flowing onto Dang Hun mountain and continuing to cause damage to the mountain.

Fang Yuan was quiet for a moment before speaking, asking: “How severe is the situation?”

Little Hu Immortal wiped her tears as she sobbed, answering: “Most of Dang Hun mountain had been affected by the mud. Six out of ten of the gutstones below the mountain waist is turning into mud. Master, what do we do? Dang Hun mountain is going to perish… sob sob , it is my fault, I did not notice it earlier.”

Fang Yuan patted little Hu Immortal’s head, consoling: “This is not your fault, you do not need to blame yourself. The culprit is that swamp crab, as expected of a desolate beast, as expected of an earthly calamity!”

Land spirits’ abilities are all different, they all differed and were greatly dependent on the Gu Immortals and their blessed lands.

He sighed, continuing: “I was still rejoicing earlier than the desolate beast did not have an Immortal Gu. It turns out this swamp crab used an expenditure type Immortal Gu and hid the Gu’s power inside this mud. Nothing happens if it comes into contact with flesh, but all mountain rocks would be turned into mud upon touching it.”

During the calamity earlier, the swamp crab spewed out large volumes of mud, and the crab army appeared from within the mud.

Fang Yuan killed an immense number of crabs, but little did he know, the real trump card was the mud itself.

Fang Yuan guessed that this is the effect of the rank six gruel mud Gu.

Gruel mud Gu was a naturally formed Gu, very commonly seen as rank one and two, and still rather popular as rank three and four. It was often used by Gu Masters to build cities. As rank five Gu were rare, many rank five Gu Masters would choose to temporarily use this gruel mud Gu when they did not have a good rank five Gu. When this rises to rank six, there would only be one in the world, and this Gu was a one time expenditure type.

Gruel mud Gu can only be used on mud, evidently, the swamp that swamp crab used to live in was created from the effects of gruel mud Gu. The swamp crab ate and defecated mud in the swamp every day, thus it was able to bring the ability of the gruel mud Gu into Hu Immortal blessed land.

After the swamp crab died, although the battlefield was cleaned up, large amounts of mud had already seeped into the mountain, moving deep underground.

Gruel mud Immortal Gu’s ability was so hidden, and there was no Immortal Gu aura in the yellow mud, if Fang Yuan had not ordered the rockmen to crush the gutstones, he might not have found out at all.

But even if he found out early, he had no ability to stop this during the calamity.

Fang Yuan’s expression was still as water.

Dang Hun mountain was being corroded by an Immortal Gu, slowly turning into yellow mud, this was a great nightmare!

The last valuable thing in this blessed land was this mountain. He wanted to rely on this mountain to nurture and sell rockmen. In the future, his own soul strengthening will also depend on this mountain. He could not sit around and watch the situation worsen.

At once, Fang Yuan ordered little Hu Immortal to clear out as much yellow mud as possible.

This way, the danger was greatly slowed.

But Dang Hun mountain’s interior was also corroded, this method could not cure the root of the problem. This was the power of the gruel mud Immortal Gu, to remove it, he needed to use an Immortal Gu’s power!

“I took such a huge risk to obtain this sacred land for soul strengthening. Even after I become an Immortal, this mountain is still extremely valuable. I cannot let it be destroyed. Heaven does not want this sacred land to end up in the hands of men, thus it sent such a calamity, but I will defy heaven. Hehe, competing with men, competing with heaven, this is the fun of life, that’s all there is.”

With Fang Yuan’s knowledge, he was not helpless and without a solution.

He thought of more than ten ways to solve this, after eliminating half of which were not feasible, and removing those which were too hard, he was left with three solutions.

The first solution was the earth path rank six turn rock Gu. This Gu was in western desert, held in the hands of rank six Gu Immortal Sun Cu. Sun Cu is a righteous path Gu Master, he used this Gu to turn sand into rocks, in order for people to build structures in the desert, he was very popular and received gratitude from the people. He was kind hearted but not resolute, he loved his family and doted on his granddaughter the most, if Fang Yuan could hold her hostage, he would definitely comply.

The second solution was another earth path rank six Immortal Gu, called ‘Rebuilding Mount Dongshan’. This Gu had already been refined, it was hidden in eastern sea’s Hai Shi blessed land, Fang Yuan could enter the blessed land and use an Immortal Gu to exchange for this Gu.

The third was the time path rank six Immortal Gu ‘A Mountain Like Before’. This Gu had not existed yet, it was not naturally formed. Its owner is Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he was still a rank five Gu Master in northern plains at the moment.

“In southern border on San Cha mountain, I refined fixed immortal travel Gu in public, it is obvious without a doubt that southern border is already in a huge commotion over it. A mortal that possesses an Immortal Gu, I’m afraid all those Gu Immortals in southern border are all notified now, and are looking for me all over the continent.”

Until Fang Yuan becomes a Gu Immortal, he was not going to step into southern border again.

“Although the five regions are isolated, the super clan Yi clan has a relationship with a mysterious organisation in eastern sea. It will take at least two to three years until the news of me refining an Immortal Gu reaches central continent, but that might not be the case for eastern sea.”

Fang Yuan eliminated eastern sea.

“As for western desert, it’s the place where caravans flourish the most. Cities after cities, surviving using the oasis in the desert. If I can sell the rockmen there, I would earn a ton of profits. Unfortunately, a flourishing caravan trade means that information also travels fast. As a southern border Gu Master, I am an easy target. Once I reach there, I’d probably be marked the moment I enter a city.”

In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he roamed around all five regions during the five hundred years, finally choosing central continent to settle down, and become a Gu Immortal. Thus, he had a clear understanding of western desert.

“Compared to western desert, northern plains is a huge grassland, all sorts of tribes graze their livestock, migrate, battle, and procreate there. There is high mobility and some small-mid tribes have chaotic management, I can easily blend in with them.”

Western desert was different from northern plains.

In western desert, humans relied on oasis to live, thus people are always gathered together. As long as the oasis is intact, nobody would make life difficult for themselves and go to another living area by making a dangerous and arduous desert journey.

But in northern plains, tribes have to move around often, finding rich and fertile land to relocate to. The weather there is ever-changing, strong weather conditions can destroy homes in a night, tribes have no choice but to move. Because of this, the high mobility among tribes also cause conflicts to occur often, and battles often takes place. Thus, the number of Gu Masters in northern plains is the highest, and they are also the ones most skilled at fighting among the five regions.

If Fang Yuan chooses western desert, abducting a hostage and threatening a Gu Immortal would cause a huge and lasting impact on the stability of western desert.

But if he chose northern plains, even if he killed the rank five Gu Master Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it would only be a mild commotion. In a few months, people will forget him.

Fang Yuan thought it through, and decided that the chaotic northern plains is most suitable for his actions.

Sun Cu in western desert is already a Gu Immortal, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng in northern plains is still a rank five peak stage.

After deciding on his destination, Fang Yuan started to think hard, compiling all the important information he had in his memories, to organise his plans for northern plains.

Plans do not keep up with changes, ever since rebirth, his plans had been changing continuously.

The first time was on Qing Mao mountain when he became A rank aptitude, it was a huge breakthrough and thus caused a shift. San Cha mountain was the second change, Fang Yuan soared to the sky in a single step, making all his plans unusable.

Although there were still benefits in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain, he could no longer stay in southern border.

As for central continent, that would be even worse.

He was a mortal, the ten righteous sects, the whole of Immortal Crane Sect, and all the demonic Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain were looking at him.

As long as he did not reach Gu Immortal realm, he would have to stay inside the blessed land, unable to come out.

He had also planned to do that, growing his strength inside Hu Immortal blessed land.

The blessed land had ample resources, Fang Yuan wanted to be like Feng Jiu Ge, cultivating in secret until he reached Gu Immortal realm, and get rid of the biggest problem called Spring Autumn Cicada.

Although Fang Yuan was a risk-taker, and liked to make profitable gambles, often struggling at death’s door, it did not mean he rejected a peaceful and stable life.

Refusing to stay in a safe environment, and wanting to go around and create trouble for himself, taking risks and getting himself into danger, that is a fool.

Loneliness, solidarity, boredom, those were not obstacles to Fang Yuan’s cultivation.

If he did not have the nature to endure these, how could he walk on the road to success?

But the world never goes your way, problems often find you when you least want it.

Fang Yuan wanted to cultivate in secret, developing the blessed land as he lived in peace. Although Immortal Crane Sect was trouble, Fang Yuan kept the initiative the entire time, although the other party is strong, they cannot do anything to him at the moment.

The future prospects were great, his life was going smoothly, everything had changed for the better. But at this moment, a problem happened to Dang Hun mountain!

To Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun mountain’s importance is insurmountable. If anything happens to this mountain, Fang Yuan’s transactions would crumble, and his cultivation plans would turn into a mere dream.

Thus, Fang Yuan had to change his plans, leaving the blessed land and entering northern plains.

“Thankfully, I planned in advance, and made a few backup plans, otherwise, I would be extremely caught off-guard now.”

For the next few months, Fang Yuan spent all his efforts on Gu refinement.

He used the rank four golden and silver cup Gu, combining with rank four another perspective Gu and rank four moving form Gu to refine the rank five moving perspective cup Gu.

Next, he refined dusty Gu, bright pearl Gu, dark toss Gu and earth treasury flower king Gu.

“Land spirit, during the days I’m gone, follow my instructions.” Before leaving, Fang Yuan instructed.

Little Hu Immortal’s eyes were red as she said reluctantly: “Master, I am waiting for you here, you have to return quickly.”

Saying so, she used the green grape immortal essence and injected it into fixed immortal travel Gu.

With the burst of a jade-green light, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Howl!

In the night sky on the grassland, poison beard wolf king raised its head, howling loudly for a long time.

The ears of the few hundred poison beard wolves near it twitched, as their bodies shot out like arrows.

The wolves split into two, moving in a tight army-like formation.

The young girl Ge Yao ran for her life.

But her horse had already died, as her small red shoes stepped on the mud, she felt like her legs were tied with lead, extremely heavy.

The sprinting poison beard wolves successfully encircled her, and the two ends met. They were afraid of the young girl’s Gu worms, thus they only circled around her and did not attack immediately.

All of a sudden, a poison beard wolf lost its patience and jumped out. Moving quickly, its body turned into a lump of black shadow as it charged towards Ge Yao.

Ge Yao shouted, using her Gu worms. As she pointed her finger, a light blue water arrow flew out.

The water arrow pierced through the poison beard wolf’s head accurately while spiraling.

This courageous wolf died on the spot, its corpse fell on the slightly rotten grassland as it tumbled backwards, until it stopped moving forever.

Bright red blood quickly flowed out of its wounds, staining the grass nearby.

The restless wolves stopped momentarily, but soon the smell of blood spread in the air and the wildness and savageness of the wolves were brought out.

At once, hundreds of poison beard wolves started howling.

Ge Yao’s beautiful face was full of regret and despair.

She should not have come out alone, to this poison grassland, trying to find some spirea. Now she was in a deadly situation, about to be torn apart and eaten by wolves.

“Sorry father, I am not longer able to take care of you!”

“Daughter knows that you arranged a marriage for my own good. But daughter does not want to marry…”

“Oh our ancestors in longevity heaven, if you can hear me, listen to my prayer and send a courageous warrior to save me.”

The attack earlier had expended Ge Yao’s last bit of white silver primeval essence. Ge Yao could only pray now.

The wolves lost their patience, the wolf king howled, and all the poison beard wolves charged towards the girl at the center, giving off an impressive aura.

“I am going to die!” Ge Yao’s expression paled, she looked at the wolf group in a daze, she was helpless.

Right at this moment, a bright jade-green light flashed.

The poison beard wolves shut their eyes due to the light, howling in pain. The wolves that charged ahead knocked into one another, falling and causing a chain reaction, as their assault failed and the scene turned into chaos.

“What happened?” Ge Yao was shocked, ignoring her tears, she looked over.

From the jade-green light, the silhouette of a young man could be seen.

After the light faded, a naked man appeared in front of Ge Yao.

“A… a man?” Ge Yao’s eyes were wide open, her mouth formed into an ‘o’ shape, she had an unbelievable thought: “Did my ancestors in longevity heaven listen to my prayers and send a savior to me?!”

But why was this savior naked?!

A huge question appeared in Ge Yao’s mind.

“I reached northern plains?” Stepping on the grass barefooted, Fang Yuan looked around quickly.

“Oh? Why is there a human here… and wolves?” Fang Yuan squinted, to think that an accident occurred the moment he reached northern plains.

This trip to northern plains had to be kept secret, to think that he was exposed so quickly.

The wolf king howled, turning around as it opened its mouth, attacking Fang Yuan with its sharp and pointy teeth, targeting his neck.

“Hmph, a mere hundred beast king…” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light, as a golden dragon appeared before him.

Rank four golden dragon Gu!

Roar!

The four clawed golden dragon roared, brandishing its claws as it flew towards the poison beard wolf king, crashing into it.

This hundred beast king’s body was completely smashed, all its bones broke as it was sent flying like a rag. After crashing onto the ground, it struggled, but could not get up.

Fang Yuan frowned slightly, using another golden dragon to finish off the wolf king.

After the wolf king died, the wolf group broke down as they all escaped several miles away in a few breaths’ time.

Only the wolf king’s corpse was left, and also the young girl Ge Yao who was staring at Fang Yuan blankly.

Fang Yuan directed his dark eerie gaze towards this young girl.

The young girl was wearing a leather robe exclusive to northern plains, the robe was blue and white, with golden rims at the edges, showing off elegance and purity.

There was a purple gold belt at her waist, and also many beautiful and small accessories on her black lustrous hair.

She also had bright red leather shoes.

Her skin was slightly dark, but still had a pinkish tone, it was the unique skintone of northern plains natives. Her body was slim and strong, like a cute little deer.

Ge Yao retreated one step after Fang Yuan’s stare, and she asked curiously: “Who are you? Are you sent from longevity heaven, the hero who is tasked to save me?”

Before waiting for Fang Yuan’s reply, she continued: “I am a member of Ge tribe, my name is Ge Yao. My father is the tribe leader of Ge tribe, young warrior, you saved my life, you will be most welcomed in Ge tribe. Oh, I have not asked for your name yet.”

Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Beautiful lady of the grassland, just call me Chang Shan Yin. Longevity Heaven is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s place of residence, how could I have come from there, I am but a mere Gu Master.”

Saying so, he took out a wine cup from his aperture.

The top half of this cup was gold, the bottom was silver. It was rank five and was used as storage, it was the moving perspective cup Gu that Fang Yuan refined in the blessed land.

After Fang Yuan injected primeval essence into it, he took out a set of clothing.

This was a set of black tight-fitting battle attire, after wearing it, Fang Yuan gave off a sturdy and valiant aura.

During the process, Ge Yao stared at him fixatedly, her heart pounding as her face turned red.

The young women in the grassland were this open about their feelings.

After Fang Yuan wore his clothes, he walked towards the corpse of the poison beard wolf king.

Poison beard wolves were commonly seen in northern plains. But different from other wolves, they did not have a strand of fur, instead their bodies were black and their skin looked it it was covered in a layer of enamel. They did not have ears, only two long moustaches that were five inches long. When they ran, their moustache will sway along the wind, beside their bodies. When they fought, the moustache will stand up straight.

Fang Yuan searched but did not gain anything.

This poison beard wolf was a hundred beast king, it had rank two Gu worms in it.

There were two rank two Gu worms on this wolf, acid Gu and poison needle Gu.

Acid Gu could allow it to shoot out green acid from its mouth, corroding flesh or even steel and rocks. Poison needle Gu shot out poison needles, it was an offensive technique.

But unfortunately, Fang Yuan only got fragments of these two Gu.

There were no defensive Gu on this wolf king, no wonder it was so easily killed by Fang Yuan.

Normally, beast kings could have enslavement Gu in them. For example, on a dog king, there might be dog enslavement Gu, on a wolf king, there might be wolf enslavement Gu.

Even if it was a rank two wolf enslavement Gu, Fang Yuan needed it now.

Just as Fang Yuan was searching the wolf corpse, Ge Yao walked over: “Chang Shan Yin, your name sounds familiar. Are you a member of Chang tribe? But looking at your clothes, you seem to be an outsider? Are you from eastern sea? Central continent? Or western desert?”

Fang Yuan stood up: “I am from northern plains.”

The young girl pouted, showing her white teeth as she laughed: “Liar! We northern plains natives do not have an accent like yours. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, don’t worry, you saved my life, you are a benefactor of the Ge tribe, we will not ostracise you.”

 Be it central continent, southern border, or northern plains, as long as it is an outsider, they will be ostracised.

Before waiting for Fang Yuan’s reply, the bubbly girl pointed at fixed immortal travel Gu on Fang Yuan’s shoulder, asking: “Warrior Chang Shan Yin, this Gu on your shoulder is so beautiful, what Gu is this? Did you bring this Gu over?”

Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated, observing this young girl’s expression. She was not acting or pretending, she really had shallow knowledge, she did not know this fixed immortal travel Gu, this made Fang Yuan slightly relieved.

The killing intent in his heart surged, but he showed an honest and sincere smile on the outside: “Beautiful young girl, are you a lark? Why are you constantly chirping non-stop. Hehehe, alright, I have to go, until we meet again!”

Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the stars in the sky, trying to determine the direction.

Next, he walked past Ge Yao, towards the deeper parts of the poison grassland.

The young girl quickly caught up: “I am not a lark, it’s your fault for being so mysterious, and appearing so suddenly. Heyheyhey, don’t go there. This direction is the way out of poison grassland.”

“I am going inside.” Fang Yuan replied without turning around.

“Why are you going in? The deeper you go into the poison grassland, the more dangerous it gets. Although you are rank three peak stage, your fists cannot rival an entire wolf pack.” Ge Yao sprinted towards Fang Yuan, urging him.

The five regions of the Gu world were independent, when Gu Masters cross regions, their battle strength will be suppressed by one rank.

Fang Yuan was a southern border Gu Master, when he is in northern plains, he will be suppressed when battling. Although his aperture still has rank four peak stage true gold primeval essence, the effectiveness was only at rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence.

Thus, Ge Yao felt that his aura was rank three peak stage.

In addition, the rank four golden dragon Gu from southern border could only display the strength of a rank three Gu.

If this was southern border, one blow from the golden dragon Gu would have killed this poison beard wolf without doubt. But here in northern plains, Fang Yuan had to use it twice to kill the wolf king, and the wolf king’s corpse was still intact at the end.

Fang Yuan’s steps halted, as he looked at Ge Yao with a solemn expression and a determined gaze: “I am going into poison grassland for my own reasons.”

Ge Yao was stunned by this aura, reacting only after Fang Yuan had walked a few steps away.

The girl quickly chased him: “Warrior Chang Shan Yin, I’ll go with you, we can take care of each other.”

“Got her.” Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile.

His currently battle strength was only rank three peak stage, it was insufficient to charge into poison grasslands’ deepest part. Thus, he needed northern plains Gu worms to arm himself.

But even if he killed Ge Yao, he might not get her set of Gu worms. Thus, Fang Yuan set a little trap, purposely acting distant, easily tricking the young girl into joining him.



***
[No Title Found]


***





Chapter 427: Just take me 

Translator: ChibiGeneral  Editor: ChibiGeneral

Although this was Fang Yuan’s motive and Ge Yao took the initiative to join him, Fang Yuan still asked her: “Take care of each other? What do I need you for?”

Saying so, he ran his eyes over her, his tone carried a hint of arrogance.

The girl immediately raised her head: “Don’t you know the poison grassland is filled with purple poison fog and you will be poisoned if you breathe it for a long time. I have detoxification Gu worms with me. Also the deeper you go, the denser the poison fog will become as ghosts and spirits will also appear. At that time, you won’t be able to distinguish the direction, and only my return heart Gu can point out the correct way back.”

Guuuu…

As the girl said this, her stomach suddenly let out a hungry rumbling sound.

Fang Yuan glanced at her stomach and the girl immediately felt her face go red.

She explained while stammering: “This… my big stomach horse was eaten by the poison beard wolves. My primeval stones and rations were all stored there.”

Big stomach horse was a mount that was extremely popular in northern plains. It had two stomachs; one was used to consume food and another was used to store goods.

The Gu Masters of northern plains usually used this type of big stomach horse when relocating their homes.

Fang Yuan curiously asked: “Since your father is Ge tribe’s tribe leader, why are you – his own daughter – using such a common mount?”

“Sigh, he kept my Gu away from me. Being able to escape alone with a big stomach horse and preparing so much resources was already amazing!”

Ge Yao spoke frankly but right after saying it, she felt something wrong and her expression turned sluggish as she realized what she had said.

“Escaped? Could it be that you are escaping from marriage?” Fang Yuan raised his brows.

The little girl exclaimed in surprise and looked at Fang Yuan with wide eyes: “Do you have mind reading Gu? How did you know?”

Fang Yuan laughed, he was only guessing but it was not without any evidence.

In northern plains, the position of women was much lower than that of men, even being treated as goods and casually sold in markets. In southern border, there were female clan leaders, but northern plains had no such precedence and women were not allowed to be in power.

Why was that so?

This tradition dated back to the era of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.

In Fang Yuan’s memories, during these three years, many great heroes would fight for supremacy in northern plains and a great storm would blow. Eventually, Hei tribe leader Hei Lou Lan succeeded and became the lord of the imperial court for ten years. He was also the most controversial lord of the grassland in future generations.

Hei Lou Lan was extremely lecherous, and after becoming the ruler of the grassland, he made beauties of many tribes part of his harem. But on other hand, he made a new policy to raise women’s status and attempted to create gender equality.

This gravely infringed upon all forces’ interests and led to conflicts, causing an institutional turmoil among all northern plains tribes.

Thus, Hei Lou Lan had only been the lord of the grassland for two years when he was deceived by his own tribesmen to go outside the imperial court and was killed secretly. Immediately following, all tribes allied to overthrow Hei tribe’s rule and again contended for the position of the ruler of the imperial court. The bloodshed and war lasted for an entire five years before it settled.

After this chaotic war, every tribe of northern plain suffered great losses. And in the future, when Central Continent attacked the four other regions, this became the greatest weakness of northern plains.

A lot of northern plains women thus choose to run away in order to avoid marriage. This girl standing before him had come alone to poison grassland even though she was the daughter of the tribe leader. Fang Yuan naturally made such a guess.

Fang Yuan took out food from moving perspective cup Gu and gave them to Ge Yao.

This girl seemed to be very hungry; she wolfed down the food and rolled her eyes, slurring her words: “It was Man Duo of Man tribe who wanted to marry me. He is Man tribe leader’s third son and is thin and small, like a monkey. Moreover, he is suffering from illness and only has rank two cultivation. Usually, he would rely on his father to act tyrannically in his tribe. He has not the slightest bit of heroic spirit! I don’t want to marry to such a good-for-nothing.”

“But Man tribe was a huge force while our Ge tribe has just migrated over with greatly reduced strength. Man tribe’s betrothal gift was also very grand and they also promised to give a piece of fertile grassland to my Ge tribe. Father wanted these gifts and tried to marry me off. And so in my fury, I fled. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, how about you snatch me?”

Northern plains had simple and coarse customs. One of their customs was bride kidnapping.

The snatched bride was often more precious than an officially married wife.

Fang Yuan laughed: “I have no interest in you, eat quickly, we will leave after you are full.”

Ge Yao’s dark pupils darted around: “There is another method, that is, you can marry into my Ge tribe. According to the grassland customs, only a brave warrior can possess beauties. Even if Man tribe wants to find trouble, it has to be done according to the customs; Man Duo, that skinny monkey would have to challenge you to a fight. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, you are so strong, you will certainly beat that Man Duo to a pulp!”

Fang Yuan stopped smiling: “I said I don’t have any interest in you.”

Ge Yao, however, became even more passionate and displayed northern plains women’s characteristic boldness and wildness: “Why don’t you have any interest? Could it be that I am not beautiful? I am the flower of Ge tribe, that kid Man Duo glanced at me from afar and fell for me at first sight, asking his father to propose the marriage! Warrior Chang Shan Yin, there are benefits for you as well in living with my Ge tribe. You are an outsider, if you don’t marry into the tribe, others will not take you as one of their own and you will suffer exclusion and vigilance in northern plains.”

Fang Yuan said with a solemn tone: “I said I am a northern plains native.”

Ge Yao gave a sweet smile: “Warrior, you can’t deceive me. Your accent revealed your background, and your food is also not the northern plain’s biscuits and dried meat. Just take me, don’t you think our encounter is the arrangement of longevity heaven?”

Fang Yuan lowered his head to cover the cold light that was vaguely flashing in his eyes as the smile on his face became deeper.

“Let me consider it for a while, don’t be in such a hurry to decide.” Fang Yuan said and gave some primeval stones to Ge Yao.

Ge Yao nodded: “You have to think about it properly… properly.”

She took the primeval stones and said with a cautious tone: “I will return these primeval stones to you in the future.”

Fang Yuan nodded.

Ge Yao did not speak anymore and concentrated on absorbing the primeval stones to replenish her primeval essence and recover her strength as fast as possible.

As they continued moving deeper into the poison grassland, the thin poison in the air gradually became denser. They were unnoticeable before to the naked eyes, but now one could clearly see the light purple color.

“Stop, there is a wolf pack!” Ge Yao suddenly stopped, her gaze revealing panic.

Clearly, the battle with the poison beard wolves had left a deep impression on her.

Fang Yuan stopped, and after three breaths of time, he discovered the tracks of the wolf pack with his investigative Gu worm.

He could not help but glance at Ge Yao, indeed as a tribeswoman, the investigative Gu worm on her was great.

Fang Yuan had refined this rank four investigative Gu in Hu Immortal blessed land. But in northern plains, it was suppressed and could not compare to Ge Yao’s rank three Gu.

The wolf pack’s excited howls got louder and louder.

Soon, hundreds of poison beard wolves appeared in their vision.

“So many wolves!” Ge Yao’s face turned pale and her delicate body trembled as she took in a breath of cold air. The wolf pack’s numbers were many times higher than the previous ones, reaching close to a thousand.

The stronger the beast king, more the number of beasts they could control; this hundred beast king was clearly much stronger than the previous one.

“Hmph, what are you panicking for? Just protect yourself.” Fang Yuan snorted and fiercely stomped his foot, charging forward.

Ge Yao exclaimed in shock at this, she wanted to call out to Fang Yuan but he had already entered the wolf pack.

Many poison beard wolves ran and charged at Ge Yao.

The girl shouted in her delicate voice: “Water armor!”

Immediately, water vapor condensed and formed into a layer of light blue armor that covered here whole body.

“Spiral water arrow Gu!”

She extended her finger and a spiral water arrow flew out.

Whoosh whoosh whoosh!

She killed three poison beard wolves instantly while injuring five or six more.

But at the same time, a dozen poison beard wolves came charging at her.

The girl panicked and retreated, responding in a flustered manner.

“Water dragon Gu!” She pushed with her palms and a three clawed water dragon whistled out and swept through the surroundings, increasing the water vapor in the air.

With the appearance of the water dragon, Ge Yao was able to control the situation.

“Warrior Chang Shan Yin, don’t die!” The girl immediately looked at the center of the wolf pack.

She was almost stunned at the sight.

The scene she saw was not what she had expected, she only saw Fang Yuan charging all over the wolf pack, every collision would send large numbers of poison beard wolves flying.

The ferocious poison beard wolves seemed to be weaker than sheep in front of him.

His whole body was covered in a layer of bright golden light armor, and a golden dragon came out occasionally, sweeping through the surroundings. There were so many poison beard wolves, but they could not subdue him.

He was fierce and fearless, his fighting style was extremely valiant, his every move would cause the wind to scream. His strength was so huge that as long as a poison beard wolf came into contact with his fists or kicks, their skeleton would definitely shatter and they would howl with pain, no longer able to stand up.

Not only that, he was also fighting an intense battle with the wolf king.

This poison beard wolf king was indeed very strong. Lightning flickered arounds its whole body, and it occasionally shot out green venom. Its movement speed was so fast that it created an afterimage when it ran.

“This wolf king has at least three wild Gu.” Ge Yao’s heart sank as she learnt this, becoming worried for Fang Yuan.

Soon, the girl let go of her worry and admiration towards Fang Yuan rose in her heart.

Fang Yuan fought in a smart manner, he was continuously on the move and did not blindly engage with the wolf king, instead using the ordinary poison beard wolves to hinder the wolf king’s movement.

The wolf king had movement Gu but it was restrained by the wolf pack and could only passively take a beating.

Fang Yuan’s fists attacked its targets with high power; Ge Yao’s blood boiled at the scene.

“This is a true man!” She exclaimed in her mind and after disposing of the poison beard wolves around her, she shouted loudly and sent the water dragon to kill the wolf pack.

She was after all a rank three middle stage Gu Master, she was not to be underestimated. The wolf pack immediately turned chaotic from the attacks and a large portion of them rushed towards her.

Fang Yuan’s expression changed as he shouted: “Who told you to come? Move to the side!”

The girl’s face turned pale at the wolf pack’s counterattack and immediately retreated.

Fang Yuan continued to attack with boundless vigor and after spending a huge effort, he finally turned the wolf pack’s attention back to him.

After some time, he suddenly activated a beast phantom and smashed the wolf king’s defense.

Taking this chance, he got close to the wolf king and pressed its skull down to the ground, then he ruthlessly smashed it.

It was a brutal scene. This wolf king that was on the verge of becoming a thousand beast king was beaten to death by Fang Yuan.